4	This is one of my new favorite places in Pittsburgh.   I cannot tell you why.The food is pretty good.   They have the traditional Pittsburgh food (deep fried italian hoagies, burgers, fish sandwiches, etc...).    The pretzels and cheese dip is a must.The place is a beer distributor with a bar.   They have approximately 25 beers on tap.   This particular night our bartender was mixing a couple of the beers he had on tap to create even more unique flavors.Friday Evenings they have live music.    I highly recommend you check it out.
3	The most important thing to understand: this place is FUN.  But the food isn't great.What do I mean?  Well, each table is covered in white paper on which you can just go to town with the provided crayons.  Trivial pursuit cards and other bits of trivia on cardboard from other games are supplied in dishes usually reserved for sugar packets.  There's a fantastic beer selection, and you can walk right up to the rows of refrigerators and pick your own bottle.  It's just a fun place.Now, the food is where they run into some problems.  I went in a group of 4, and I can't recommend anything we had.  My salmon sandwich was so-so at best.  I tried someone else's deep fried Italian hoagie--which sounds AMAZING (in a totally sing-songy voice), but it somehow isn't.  It tasted like a sandwich of bland pepperoni and ham in a different bun, without anything else.  They have that tried and true Pittsburgh bar staple--the giant fish sandwich--but it didn't taste any better or worse than any other place.  And the fourth item (the only one I didn't try) was a burger ordered by the final member of our party--he says it was good, but he didn't even finish it.So: good for drinking (though you can't really get there without designated drivers), great for having fun, bad for foodies or if you just want a meal.
3	I went here with a Groupon they were understaffed for the groupon parties which was only 10-14 parties at best. So the tables were ready but the staff couldn't keep up with seating people or maybe the kitchen couldnt.Beer selection Meh... How can you have Belgians but no Lambic or Stella? In single bottles.Food: burgers decent, Gyro horrible, Wings delish! Thats it not much else to say.
4	Went here with a group on, and the value was great. I got the deep fried italian hoagie, my friend got the burger that has 2 grilled cheese sandwiches as the bun. I still had a lot left over so I got a buffalo chicken pizza to go.Atmosphere was good for lunch... not crowded, somewhat quiet, and the staff was great.My hoagie was smaller than I expected, but still enough to fill me up. It tasted like a deep fried Stromboli and tasted great. The fries that came with it were some of the best fries I've had.The grilled cheese "bun" my friend got was ok, but the burger was good. He ordered the same thing last time he was there, so it must have made an impression on him.The buffalo pizza was great, even though I had it the next day. I just tossed it in the toaster oven to heat it up.I noticed a lot of the other people in the restaurant were eating salads, so I assume they have some good tasting healthy alternatives too.
4	My wife and I decided to use the groupon we had purchased in April, so we went there last Saturday night, the 14th.   I was pleasantly surprised that we didn't have to wait. We did get there close to 8, so there may been an earlier rush, but the place was about 2/3 full and we were seated right away.  The server seemed a bit busy but did not keep us waiting long. She was efficient and attentive, as well as pleasant. Overall very good service.  We ordered the beer cheese appetizer, which was very good. They had a stuffed shrimp special, which my wife ordered. The stuffing was light on bread and heavy on crabmeat, and my wife thought it quite good. I ordered the lobster roll. I liked it, very tasty. Little on the small side, but with the app it was plenty of food. The fries were a little soggy buy had a lot of flavor. We both ordered drafts, i got a Negro Modelo and my wife ordered a dirty blonde. Beers are a tad pricey, but the pour is generous.  Overall, we both liked Beer Nutz a lot. We wish it was a little closer to home, but will definitely be coming back again.  The Italian burger sounds pretty good, so i think i will try that one next.
3	The service makes up for the food quality and prices... but just barely. I'll go back if someone else is buying (and i'll remember to say "well done" so my medium-well burger isn't bloody).  The beer/cheese dip was AWESOME! Shoulda stopped there.
3	Beer Nutz lives up to its name.  There's beer.  Lots and lots of beer.  All different flavors and varieties of beer.  Beer as far as the eye can see.Other than beer, there is a food menu that offers a variety of typical deep fried bar food and other things such as salads and some sandwiches.  Then there are the deep fried sandwiches.  I love places that find creative ways to deep fry things that shouldn't or don't need to be deep fried (think Oreos), but I really didn't enjoy my deep fried hoagie as it was bland.  My companions' food left a lot to be desired as well.  I had been there one other time before and I remember the food being the same exact way.  Yeah, I'd probably go back and try a bunch of different beers if I had someone else driving, but for now, I can think of a dozen other places I'd go before Beer Nutz.
4	We eat here often when we need a simple dinner or lunch that is not going to break the bank.  The food is good for bar-type fare (it isn't gormet cooking, but better than places like Applebee's, etc.). We are fans.
