5	If you are looking for good chinese food in LV, this is a place to go...they have very good quality seafood, as well as meats...i highly recommend their stir fry green beans and their chinese broccolli with garlic...the flavors are infused into their meat...and when you bite into it, you can taste the crispness and freshness....they also have great peking duck
4	This place has pretty good dim sum but be prepared to wait for a table or get there when they open! In other words, on the weekend, get there by 10:30am. Of course, once you get your table, the food comes to you so you don't have long to wait for it.The salted fish fried rice is awesome... and they have pretty good chow fun too. The pan fried egg noodles were a little bland though.I can see this place being great for big groups and even banquets. Service though is typically rushed and brusque.*****************************Dinner here is a totally different experience than dim sum. The restaurant is practically empty at night! Food is still very good and service has more time to smile and check back with you.
3	The quest continues on to Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine to find a decent dim sum spot in Vegas.  Chang's is a smaller venue compared to Orchids Garden over on W. Sahara.Arriving in the middle of the Saturday lunch rush, I was seated immediately, even without my party of four present.  The table set up was a bit awkward and I found myself rearranging the chairs and place settings before the rest of my dining companions arrived.The dim sum carts came rolling by and I do admit, they had a better selection than Orchids.  We immediately got the shrimp dumplings and pork dumplings.  We also ordered a few random dumplings in a more translucent type skin, similar to the shrimp dumpling skin.  The chicken in the black bean sauce was a bit drier than other places, and not as flavorful.  We tried mushroom on tofu that was tasty and had the beef rice noodle and shrimp rice noodle.  Both the BF and the cousin enjoyed their Soft Tofu, which was sweeter here than other places.I think we were impressed by their wider selection that we forgot to inquire about the elusive Shanghai dumplings or Shark Fin Dumpling Soup!  Next time for sure!I was craving some sweetness to close out my meal and had the Egg Custard Tarts.  They had three small tarts to an order and they just came out of the oven!  These were definitely yummy!  I would go back just for these!  They had the Pineapple Bun, but not the kind with Egg Custard inside.  Bummer.Service was okay.  Because the busboys are a bit overanxious to clear your table, they will consolidate your dishes for you. This is something I have always hated, unless it was necessary to do so.  I don't particularly enjoy watching the busboy bang the steamer against another steamer on your table so the lone pork dumpling will join the other lone shrimp dumpling just to have one less dish on the table.  I mean, for gawd's sake, are they short on dishes in the back?Overall, despite the lipstick mark found on the BF's water glass, I would give Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine a solid 3.5 stars.  They have a decent selection of dim sum choices, but could fair better on service and quality.  So far, they match up pretty competitively with Orchids for now.  But the search continues on to find a place that offers a wider selection and yummy tasty morsels of dim sum to satisfy this SF girl.Total bill: $40 and change, not including tip.Update! 10/26/07 - Recently hosted a dinner here for about 40 people in one of their private rooms.  There were some people that were really easy to work with and friendly, while there were a few others that could be a bit abrasive.Our menu:* Seafood Chowder soup - Pretty good. I have this soup a lot, but I never knew it went by this name.  Chunks of seafood and tofu in a thick broth.  * Peking Duck ($32) - The skin is separated on another plate so you can start using them with the twelve buns provided.  Then the duck meat comes along on a different plate.* Walnut Prawns ($13.95) - Jumbo shrimp with candied walnuts on a bed of broccoli.  Beautifully presented and eaten all up!* Mongolian Beef ($8.95) - Not a particular favorite of mine, but eaten up by my fellow diners.* Steamed Chicken, Country Style (half $11.95) - I like steamed chicken, but the chicken head can be a bit of a distraction for those who maybe shocked by it.  Light flavoring and with a little white pepper, yum!* Fish Filet with Blackbean Sauce ($9.95) - A fave by someone else, but it was okay for me.  I prefer my fish steamed instead of stir-fried.* Baked Pork Cutlet with Seasoned Salt ($9.95) - Tasty, but it looked like we got all the little bits while the other tables got the large pieces of pork.* Stringbean Szechuan Style ($8.95) - I prefer my stringbeans braised, or double fried.  This was pretty standard, nothing special.* Chang's Crispy Fried Noodle ($9.95) - HUGE order and loaded with veggies and seafood bits.  A good value for the money!Service wise - The food came too fast.  With so many orders coming out, our guests barely had a chance to make a dent into one dish before another dish would come.  There was never enough room on the table, and it would be nice if the waitstaff assisted with condensing the dishes onto smaller one (instead of just pouring them together).  They probably should work better as a team to make sure there is room on each lazy susan before coming out with each platter.  They were better at refilling water, tea, and rice pots in the beginning of the meal, but slacked off near the end.  They did bring us a knife to cut the cake (and offered to cut it for us too), extra napkins, to go boxes, etc.  Some polishing up on customer service overall could definitely use some improvement.  Overall, Chang's worked out well for our dinner party.  They were easy to work with in making our own menu and providing suggestions.  We also came early to decorate the room, which worked out well too.
5	Great food, great service, great price!!I love the food here!!As an extremely picky eater, I love this place!!Best dim sum/chinese food in las vegas!
4	Haven't been there for Dim Sum, but had dinner there twice.. Great food. The mongolian beef was GREAT but heavy and buttery. I'm sure you can find lighter stuff on the menu if you wanted to. Both times I went there, there was literally a tour bus of Chinese tourists enjoying dinner. That's gotta tell you something...
4	Mmmm tableside Peking Duck....This place is definitely one of the better chinese food restaurants who don't serve kitten chow mein and bow wow broccoli. They do have the traditional chinese drab and they also cater to Americans and their ever so sweet orang chicken. The dim sum, next to Cathay house I think are similar. I miss having dim sum partners. Sigh....Oh well. Overall I had them kill a fish. Bass, fry it up and have a hot and spicy/black bean sauce on the side with sauteed peppers and onions....Mmmm Rice....Yea definitely a step up. However if you don't know where it is, it's not easy to find. Their marketing team kinda sucks. So here's to help you out Chang's and many more meals to come :)
4	Went to this place after reading reviews, to my surprise I really like the place. Dimsum is 8/10 and price is very reasonable especially for quality of food they server. Only draw back is it get really crowded around noon, so arrive early around 11:30am for no wait experience.
1	Hubby's been here before with some friends. We stopped in here to grab a few baskets of dim sum. It was lunch time and there were a lot of people in the restaurant, but only 3 trolleys roaming around over and over again. One trolley was jook with Chinese donut, the other two were dim sum items. Well, the dim sum wasn't all that great. It was mediocre at best. We had 4 baskets and the total came to slightly over $11 before tip. The tripe was flavorless, the stuffed bean curd sheets were okay. Har gow were below average, leaving the cha siu bao being the only thing passable. One of the servers came over and asked if we wanted to order some food. I asked hubby and he asked for the check. The woman then asked me in Cantonese if the food wasn't to my liking. I thought "ya think"? but then didn't really verbalize it. Why be nasty? But we'll never come back again on future trips.
4	Chang's is the only dim sum place I've been to in Vegas, and I believe it is one of the best chinese restaurants thus far. The dim sum is pretty good, although they don't have Hagou (shrimp) as often as I'd like. The price is pretty reasonable for dim sum. If you decide to go on the weekends, the best time to go is around 11am. It gets very crowded there, so expect a wait.
4	Just had the dim sum lunch here today for the 1st time even though I've lived down the street from this place for over a year and a half.  Although they only have a few carts rolling around, they have all the basics of dim sum.  Chicken feet, bahtsang (I don't know what to call it in English, I just know the Taiwanese term), various dumplings and things consisting of rice noodle and meat.  Came out to $32 for 2 including tip which was fine by me.  I would like to try dinner here sometime as some of the dishes sound fantastic.  We went around 1:30 on a Thurs and we didn't have to wait at all.
3	Food was just "OKAY" in my book. I must admit, it was cheap though, $21 for 8 dim sum dishes. Service was great! We went on a Wednesday during lunch at 11:30am. Got a seat in 2 mins. We had the same cart go around us 3 times! So we ordered and received our food very quickly. Nothing to rave about the dim sum though. It was partially cold when we got to the table.We ordered:Chicken FeetHar GowSiu MaiFried TaroBeef Rice Noodle RollHam Sui GorFried Shrimp WontonShrimp and Chive DumplingTip: If you order hot tea it's $0.50/pp but if you order chrysanthenum it's $1.00/pp.
2	Eh. Semi-decent, if greasy, dim sum. I'm not usually in it for the decor, but the carpet in this place is disgusting. Like, worse than the Excalibur. Dirty walk-paths, faded spots, and most of it's threadbare. The architecture is really odd, too. I actually laughed out loud after having to walk in a spiral to get into the bathroom.Other than that, the hostesses suck, the service sucks, and they didn't want to offer the white guy and black lady anything non-pedestrian. It was like pulling teeth to get the congee cart to stop at our table. I might go back in a pinch, but probably not.
4	The bill for our party of eleven only came to $148.  Friggin' unbelievable for dim sum.  I particularly loved the har gow (shrimp dumplings in the clear wrappers).  Funny detail- My dad recognized one of the waitresses who is also a dealer at Main Street.  What's more, she recognized him.  He gambles way too much!
4	We were seated right away around noon on a Sunday, the service was fast and concise, and the food came fast. There was not a huge selection of carts, but almost everything we had was up to dim sum standards and great. The shrimp balls were excellent, and the "deep fried dumplings" were amazing--we think they had pork in them, but either way they were great. Definitely easy, delicious, and very typical for dim sum. We will definitely go there again, but it wasn't quite as good as our Chinatown place we used to go to in Atlanta.
4	If you're in Vegas and crave for Chinese Dim Sum... then this is the place. For the past 5 years, the taste and the quality of their Dim Sum has been consistent.  Har gow, siu mai, chicken feet, beef tripe, meat balls, and ribs in blackbean sauce is pretty good. Price is reasonable... one time I ate $68 worth of Dim Sum by myself... that was a lot of Dim sum =P What do you expect for an Asian boy from Ohio with few good Chinese food? =)Parking can be a pain on weekend. =/However, it's still no match for Dim Sum in LA or SF. Never tried dinner here.
5	As a resident here in Vegas...it's one of the best Dim Sum restaurants in town. For out of town Yelpers...no need to look further for your Dim Sum fix. This place don't open till 10 or 10:30am and Dim Sum isn't served all day. Weekends can get a bit crowded so get there early.
5	If I want good Chinese food, this is the place. Dim sum is great. Right now, I think there is a discount on the medium and large plate for $1.98 something during the weekday. Beside dim sum, i come here for the regular food. One dish I did not like was an eggplant dish that was way too sweet. Other dishes are pretty good.
4	How do you rate a place you ate at when you were highly inebriated? The food at Chang's was solid from what I could tell, though maybe cardboard would've done the trick the state I was in. I didn't try the dim sum, but the string beans Szechuan style,deep fried whole fish, Szechuan Eggplant, and short ribs with garlic were all good, nothing terribly gloppy or oversweetened like some Chinese joints. I have to say, however, that the paper inside the fortune cookie was WAY underseasoned. Can't a guy eat a decent fortune these days?
5	Good god, this place is amazing.  It was PACKED around noon on a Thursday....can you explain that?  The must be THAT good.  Chang's had every dim sum item known to man and it was SO good.  They even had the fried dough and congee.  Taro, shu mai, tripe, spare ribs...the list can go on forever.  The owner even came to our table numerous times to check in on us. My entire family was in a food coma state. Screw the fake Chinese food on the strip....If you want something to satisfy your craving for delicious food, check this place out!
5	We were led to this place by our friend who is a local here. Morning dimsum on Saturday was a definitely fantastic idea, I have to say.The dimsum here was excellent. I am not that familiar with dimsum but man, every one of the dimsum we ordered was kickass good. I also wanted xiao long bao, and they had it on the menu, so we ordered it. The skin was a bit on the thicker side, but the bao itself was top notch. They also had egg tarts. Oh man, egg tarts. I lUV EGG TARTS!!!I wish I knew the names of the dimsum better. Guess my review isn't that useful after all, but I surely enjoyed their food =D
5	Bf was craving dim sum last Sat - we had been to a great place on one of our last visits but couldn't remember the name.  I thought I would remember the street so we drove around for a while and gave up.  I decided to give a call to my pop.  He would know!  He asked his lady where the best DS place is and her prompt response was "Changs on Trop and Decatur".  Side note: She knows what she is talking about a) she is full Asian (I am only .5) b)she is a host to Asian hi-rollas and c)she used to live here and has good taste in food.So imagine our surprise when we drove up to Changs and it was the place we had been before!  Yesss!!  There was no wait (it was about 2:30 pm) so we got seated immediately.  We had delicious shu mai, har gow, sticky rice, cha seu bao,  shrimp in the long white noodle (rolled up and cut with scissors), the sticky rice in banana leaves and I got a hankering for jook  and it did not disappoint!Yay for Changs and my dad's lady for saving the dim sum day!We can't wait to come back!
3	Overall, it was my least favorite dim sum place in LV.  I didn't mind the 15-minute wait but we were seated at a table smack dab in the middle of the room where the cart ladies couldn't get to us so we were always overlooked.  We had to hunt down our own food and ask for things more than once or twice.  The food was standard, nothing memorable.  In a pinch I would come here again but ask for a better positioned table.
3	While visiting Vegas, I dropped by this place based on the recommendations of fellow yelpers and found this place be "ok". The Dim Sum was average as there was nothing unique about any of the dishes. The service was friendly but a bit slow to respond. The eniroment can be improve. The floor was clearly worn down and the back of the chairs were sticky. I might come back if I'm craving Dim Sum. I recommend one to come early.
4	If you are craving dim sum, then this is the place to go. The food and the experience is exactly what you would expect from an Asian restaurant.The only thing that was new and out of the ordinary to me was the mango pudding, which was yummy and was the perfect amount of sweetness. If you're not too full at the end of the meal, you might find yourself ordering two.
5	Changs is the best place for dim sum in vegas,it up to par with the bay area's dim sum rest.very good quality food with low prices and good service
5	We arrived at 11am and were seated within 5 mins, But beware, once 11:30am hits, it's a popping place. I was amazed at how full it got within minutes . It's very much worth it though. great Dim Sum, great prices and friendly service. It's very authentic, which means at times you have to get the ladies with the carts attention. I'm making this my routinely stop whenever I visit  Vegas
5	This place is fantastic. I love the siew mai. It is as authentic as it can get. Prices are really really low. Dim Sum specials are $1.98 for all groups but its for dine in only. Otherwise, group A is 1,85 (20 varieties), group B is 2.50 (19 varieties) and Group C is $3.75 (2 varieties). The group A items are the standard dim sum items. Good enough. You MUST try the home made sweet toufu. Its a dessert and the toufu is so smooth. I am going back tomorrow. They serve Dim sum from 10.30 to 3pm. Specials are for all days except holidays.
5	After two dimsum tries in Vegas, I gave it up until today.  I was craving for it and just ran quick yelp run from hotel room ... for just in case... and... boy... was I REWARDED :)Okay, place isn't fancy.  Bit corny looking if you asked me.  It isn't what I would call clean nor dirty.  Beyond that, though, I have many positive things I found.1) Tea was good.2) Food in general was good.  Some dimsum dishes were just perfect while others were good.3) I like old cart style ;)  And this place does it the old way with ladies running around.4) Service is fast.  Which is unusual for dimsum place.5) Speaks decent English for dimsum standard.  Places in Los Angeles vicinity... I had to use sign languages at times... not here.6) Price was very reasonable.  Cheap in fact with their weekday specials running low prices.Basically, party of 4 adults and 3 kids costed less than $50 including gratuity...  Now, that is value.Probably will swing there for tomorrow's lunch as well :)
4	Hmmm.. . dim sum! I always find myself in the mood for dim sum. The dim sum here is very inexpensive and is just as good as any where else. I think this place is actually the cheapest that I have found. Try to come early because they are always busy every time I come here.
5	Great dim sum for Las Vegas.  This place is very inexpensive and everything seems to taste fairly good.There was a special on the door for $1.98 dim sum on weekdays when I was there.  That's crazy!Definitely a must go if you're asian and craving dim sum while visiting Las Vegas.
4	Well, had lunch here Sunday, and it was fine.  I think the offerings from one dim sum restaurant to the next are generally the same (har gow, siu mai, pai gut, fung zao, et al), with the probability of the cooks in the back wanting to make a dish other restaurants don't have, which is a good thing for competition.I got in around 10:45-ish and was immediately seated, asked what beverage(s) I wanted and started to order away.  I notice the siu mai skin was thinner here than at Harbor Palace; for me that's neither good nor bad, just a difference.  The one thing I should have ordered but didn't was the you tiao ("Chinese doughnuts") that are served with jook.  It's, what, a foot of dough fried until golden brown and delicious?  I wasn't getting any jook, and I haven't had you tiao for ages.  At least I know where I can get some quick, since I live down the road from them.I like the ambiance/feel of the place; it's a more subdued feel, and more "modern," as opposed to HP, which I know has been in operation since at least 2002, when I first went there.  (Not to bash anyone, but in time the luster and sheen of Chang's will fade, too.)  I guess the owners wanted that pavilion vibe, which I can totally dig.  Unfortunately, the windows look out onto the parking lot outside; but, I still give them credit.  And, it was good to see that not only were the typical Asians there, but also whites and blacks, which always helps demystifying the culture.I'm going to give Chang's the same rating as HP, because I feel the food and service were equally the same.  Chang's is a good place that's not too far from the Strip and serving the locals.
4	Love this place. The dim sum is delicious. Especially their ha gao and their tofu with ginger sauce. We usually go here during the weekday for the $ 1.98 special. How can you say no to that?
2	I live in the San Francisco bay area and coming to Chang's I was a bit disappointed. I arrived right at opening and  I was seated right away. I tried three dishes each one was no better than microwave dim sum. I had an order of shiu mai, har gow and rice noodle roll with shrimp. I would have given 1 star on taste alone but the staff was very attentive and friendly. I spoke to a young asian couple at the table next to me and I was asking them if there were any other GOOD dim sum places in Vegas. They sadly said Chang's was as good as it gets. They did mention another place that I had also seen on Yelp the night before when I was researching dim sum places to try. that place was Orchids Garden. Since breakfast was so disappointing maybe I will try Orchids for lunch. TO BE CONTINUED....
2	The dim sum here was hit or miss. I came came here with some family that were already in town right after I flew in. Some of the dim sum was 4 or 5 stars while most were really bland in taste. I've been here before and would have given it a 4 star review at my prior visits here. I was pretty disappointed overall with the food here the other day. Still, the dim sum here is pretty cheap though.We ordered the usual dim sum dishes which included a variety of dumplings, steamed dishes and fried goodies. We ordered quite a bit of food so I'm just going to highlight the goodies. The sticky rice dish, the steamed chicken paws, and a few of the fried goodies were all pretty good while everything else we ordered was mediocre at best.I might have to check out another dim sum place next time. This place isn't the go to place that I've always relied on it to be.
1	this place is expensive and not even good. its really busy, but i prefer not to eat at this place. because of the price... for 3 people it came out to like 48 dollars or something? WTH? No Way... Thirty something i could have dealt with but 48? I kno that wasnt worth $48!Portions are small. The food isnt BAD... BUT NOT WORTH IT!!!!!
1	Based on Yelpers' opinions, tried to order some take out. We did not like the food. Period. They couldn't even make simple food. Rating of zero is not available?
3	Hmmm, this place is a little difficult for me to review to be honest. My wife and I were treated to this place by my father-in-law and his girlfriend, both of whom have had prior experience ordering dim sum. I expect this is why our experience was a bit more positive than some of the other reviews I've read on yelp. It does kind of help if you have an idea of what you are ordering ahead of time since many of the dishes taste different then they actually look.We got there at exactly 10:30 and managed to get a table just fine, but fairly quickly the restaurant started to fill up with large families. I'm told that this is fairly usual here and that you should expect to wait for awhile if you get there much later than that. Ok, time for the food. I can't recall half the stuff we ended up ordering, but I do remember that many of the dumplings and buns went down really well with our group. The pork buns, shrimp dumplings, vegetable dumplings all were pretty tasty. The pork buns were especially good, bigger and more full of meat than most chinese restaurants I've been too. Egg rolls were pretty much the standard stuff, but the fried shrimp balls were quite tasty (I feel weird saying that for some reason, lol). The rice was tasty, a bit sticky and moist with lots of stuff mixed in. The one item that completely shocked the table on how yummy  it was was the homemade sweet tofu. Very yummy, my wife ended up getting a second bowl.Something to keep in mind though is that it takes time for the waiters to bring out all the carts. We noticed that at around 11:30, just as we were finishing up, the waiters were bringing out the more savory meat dishes and so on. Kind of annoying, but makes me think that next time I come I'll have to plan on either taking my sweet time with my meal or come a little later and deal with the wait. All in all it was an enjoyable meal, but going as a group really ended up helping because we got to sample more and had plenty of good conversation going. Also, I got to watch my wife try eating chicken feet... *snicker*
4	Yumm!! I love this place! I used to live in vegas for a short time and made this an every sunday event w.my family.....Good assortment of dim sum and it is actually cheaper than most dim sum places, (if it still is) erverytime I come back to visit my sis, I always go here. I recommend coming early though because they often have a line coming out the door, but i really like it. It sure is yummy! The only thing that I thought was kind of bland was the rice porridge, but I can excuse that for the prices lol.
1	Did you ever want to try a new restaurant that was rated pretty well and found out that you should whip out the ol' Blackberry and log onto the site just to heave the thing across the room in the hopes of watching the communicative device shatter into a glorious spectacle of plastic and debris? Well this was the case in the following review I'm about to "drop" on you! The wife read about Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine that a "Yelper" had reviewed. We were planning a trip to Vegas and figured that we would try something different, as opposed to the usual buffets that we would normally head straight for. Innocently enough, we made a B-Line straight to Chang's once we arrived in Vegas and was anticipating a decent Dim Sum experience. Once we got there, we were left standing in the Foyer for a few minutes. During this time, I noticed that one of the servers arrived late from behind us and hadn't had the chance to clock in before she sat us. I just found that kinda funny and thought I would share this with you! =) As the Brunch progressed, the wife got really tiffed because the best Chinese team, in terms of timing and follow-through, in the Dim Sum industry decided that they would all take the day off and allow the lack-luster, slow, and incompetent crew work a solid day. Whoa is me! Service was slow, our tea order was really late, the food was sub-par, and most of all, my hot chili sauce was late! I loves me some hot chili sauce with my Dim Sum dumplins!I think that the highlight of our experience was when my wife finally threw in the towel and flagged down a Chinese lady and berated her with God knows what! I couldn't tell you what she said but service surely improved from that point on! God I love feisty Chinese women! The Dim Sum itself was not memorable and the chicken feet were like the worst things because it tasted breaded before braising.  It felt and tasted gummy.  The prices were great and its location was easy to find! It wasn't tucked in the corner of some sleezy shopping plaza that may be impossible to get into or out--to! The final note from me is that, all in all, I will not go out of my way to come back here. I think the only way I would is if a friend clocked me over the head with a baseball bat (preferably metal..my head might shatter a wooden one then I'll be left cleaning the bits of splintered wood from the carpet with a headache! Who wants that?!) and bribe the paramedics to drop us off here rather than the Hospital. Maybe this way I wouldn't mind the mediocre tasting food, but I'd probably bleed out before I get my chili sauce! =(
4	My friend dragged me to this place when I was really not in the mood for dim sum. I'm glad he did as we ended up having a great meal. There was plenty of variety and everything was very affordable. The food was traditional Hong Kong style dim sum. They didn't try too many fusion dishes or try to put anything not usually served at dim sum. It was nothing innovative, but still very good. The usual caveats of Chinese restaurant apply. Most of the tables are big. Our group of 4 got sat at a table that could have easily sat 8-10. Also, your hot tea will always be refilled, but good luck getting ice water.I went back again with relatives a few weeks later. It was not as great of an experience. I think part of it was because we arrived too early. The carts all had the same items. By the time we were leaving, some of the items I had remembered from my first visit started coming out. I'd recommend this place, but don't come too early, although that may be difficult because they get very busy.
5	I declare that Chang's is the only dim sum in Las Vegas.  By comparison, everything else is just a bunch of mashed-up food stuff in steam dishes.  Me and my girlfriend have probably been here 6 or 7 times, and the only disappointment we've ever had was that her favorite crispy-topped BBQ pork buns were all gone.  If you make the slightest effort to speak Chinese, the waitresses (who are mostly from Guangdong but all speak at least okay Mandarin and can definitely understand all the rudimentary things I can say) will fawn all over you and be your buddies forever.   I don't even want to try describing the best dishes because I won't even scratch the surface.  Just go during lunch on a weekday, order a ton of food, and say I was right.
5	Good Dimsum!I had a long lunch break in between school, and my friend had mentioned this place prior to me going there, so on my birthday me and couple of my colleagues checked this place out, and to my surprise it was great. Various dimsum dishes served on rolling carts, and most of "new" dimsums I tried my friends recommended was awesome. Price was decent too. Will go back FOR SURE! :)Great Dimsum in Las Vegas? Hard to believe yet true!
4	:) This is how I feel after dim sum. I LOVE dim sum and up until now I had no idea where to go in Vegas to find it. Thank you fellow yelpers for your reviews on Chang's. The boyfriend and I checked it out and we will be returning to fulfill dim sum cravings in the future. We went on a Thursday afternoon around 2pm (they serve dim sum up until 5pm). My only complaint is one of the dishes we got off the traveling carts was cold :( But other than that the food was great and reasonably priced.
5	I was visiting Vegas & the fam was craving dim sum. Food was great & service was very attentive. Loved it overall. Sidenote: we went at a random time when it was completely empty.
4	awesome for dim sum,  very traditional, huge selection and great prices.  would get 5 stars but the cart ladies dont speak much english,  so unless your with your chinese sidekick or you know alot about chinese food, good luck figuring out what everything is!!!check it out
4	We came here close to the end of dim sum time (~3).  We got some items from the carts and some we ordered (them accommodating us).  Of the regular dim sum dishes we had (har gaw, sui mai, no mai gai, fung jao, pai gut, cheung fun), I thought they were all pretty tasty and flavorful.  Overall, I wouldn't hesitate to come here again.
4	Great dim-sum!  Freshly done.  Ordered the following:har kowsui maipanfried turnip cakekailan with oyster saucecongeetaufu fah(dessert) Service was excellent.  Very observant.Must try dinner next time I go to Vegas.
4	Wow! I've been to Las Vegas a dozen times and never knew this place existed... Hell, I didn't even realize the strip is next door to Chinatown!!! Whaaaat!!!This place opens at 10:30am on the weekend. I was there for Dim Sum right when it opened. The food was great. A lot of the pastries like the Sesame Balls, Barbeque Pork Pies were fresh out of the oven and hot! Those were GREAT!!! Seriously I didn't realize the difference, but if I can make a comparison. Cookies fresh from the oven are WAY better than ones sitting around, so were the Sesame Balls. The Sui Mai was fresh too, but I think the chicken feet were a little over done. That was the only bad thing I have to say.The Good:Very close to the strip by taxi Walking distance from The Orleans CasinoGood Authentic Dim SumInexpensiveDecent/Friendly Service (is that possible at Dim Sum?)The Bad:No taxi's readily in the area to get you back to the strip.If you walk to The Orleans for a taxi the neighborhood gets a little slummy.
5	This place is great! The hot stuff was all very hot (it looked like there were flames in the carts... very cool) all tasty, cheap. The place is clean, nice ambience, and very spacious. Not like the Dim Sum places in Seattle!The BBQ pork triangle pastries are seriously the bomb. Have lots of those!
5	I don't get to have dim sum very often, but we were craving it and this place got good reviews so my friends and I decided to check it out.  We were a little put off when they asked us if we would share a table with another party, but after we refused to share they found us a table pretty quickly.  The food was fresh and delicious, lots of choices and everything was a hit.  The pork buns were still warm, the turnip cake was delicious, and we were so excited that they had porridge and the Chinese donuts!  Service was not great, but that's no surprise- the food more than made up for it.  I didn't have an egg tart at the end of the meal because I was stuffed, but those at our table who did said they were incredibly fresh and tasty.  I'll definitely be back next time I'm craving dim sum in Vegas!
2	In general, I've had good experiences with food in Vegas.  That is until this trip.  Things that were different with this trip:1. Went during the weekday.2. Went on one of the slowest times of the year.3. Lost money... OK. Actually this always happens.We read some pretty promising reviews before leaving, that and my gf said she heard there was good dim sum in Vegas.  It just didn't pan out for us.  We got to Chang's around 12PM.  The place was half full, so we were seated promptly.  The tea hit the table 5 minutes later.  We were able to quickly order... standard stuff ha gow, sui mai, ji jiao, etc.  There wasn't anything special on the carts...  which is fine, but the food was just OK.  I think I'm going to have to pass on betting on Chang's again.
1	Never use this restaurant for your wedding reception or any special banquet . They so nice at the beginning but they so rued and try to make money after you deposit. I had no way to get out because my date already set ,the invitation already sent so i get stuck with them. Service so bad ..I am so embarrassing with my guess..and so sorry to choose this restaurant
4	Good dim sum.  Everything is good.  The spare riblets could be better, but everything else is solid.  The ladies with the carts of food are pushy but not too pushy.  Busy dim sum atmosphere.  The prices are decent too.
2	This was the first dim sum restaurant we try in LV. We're looking for property in LV every month and we'll drop by Chang's for dim sum at lease once. There dim sum was good the first couple time we had. At lease my bf (AAOCF) enjoin it, "American afraid of Chinese food". Until we kinda skip dim sum for couple month and go back it wasn't the same from then... We were there about 11am and only half full... Food was cold, Har Gaw (shrimp dumpling) skin was hard, Har Chung (shrimp noodle roll) was thick and cold. My bf love steam pork rib,....but ya that also cold and oily. btw, sometime is hard to find parking spot there.Well, it just didn't take much for a restaurant to go down..... We might go back, unless we're really dieing for dim sum and can't find another good dim sum place to go...... i think the chance is only 20% of going back out of 100%......
2	I took my fam here cuz a couple of the Asian girls at work highly recommended it.(I would hope they would know the best place to go)The outside looks like it neede a fresh new paint job. We got seated right away but then we went before the lunchtime madness.  The food to me was very salty.  A lot of everything I picked.  The chow fun was quite tasty though.  The har gaw did not have enough shrimp in it.  It's been a while since we went there but I just know I don't like it there very much.
4	Chang's of Las Vegas is great for one thing.... DIM SUM! This place is way better then Cathay House but can become packed during the weekends during lunch, especially on Sunday's. Personally, all my friends and family that I take to Chang's always enjoy it and we look forward to our next visit when we are in the mood for dim sum. *TIP*: On Sundays, try and get there right as they open as to beat the church crowd/everyone else that wants dim sum on sunday. This place can become silly busy but personally it is always worth the wait!
4	Pros: Dim Sum is good! Chicken feet meat just falls off bones yum... The basics are good. Pretty cheap tooCons: I'm Viet so we like ot sate (oily chilly sauce)... They don't have it... Probably cause this is authentic Hong Kong style .. But they got chilly sauce... just not oilyWe had a table for 15... Tea and water good...service ok... The plates and chopsticks were not so clean... Gotta wipe it down Nothing amazing but good for las Vegas
5	Me and two of my girl friends were excited to try the dim sum here!  As soon as you walk in the aroma of the place just hits the spot so you know you are in the right place.  We were seated right away since we came in before the lunch crowd.  All of our dim sum was very tasty and hot.  The best part of our lunch was the Tofu Fa which between the three of us had five bowls.  After wards we fell into a food coma.  We will definitely come here again :)
3	Me and my girl friend have been here a few times. She's from Beijing and she likes it and says the food is good. The decor is a little dated but the prices are very reasonable. 2 people can eat for under thirty dollars. We will go back.
4	every time i eat dim sum, two things are inevitable:1.  i always eat waaay too much 2.  i always wear a white shirt (not planned) and get splashes of soy sauce all over my shirt that ends up looking like ink blots on a rorschach test...run- on sentence...i know =)on my last trip, my friend and i ordered:siu maihttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw?select=wjCjFIztbagVr9lHBQ0C5Qspare ribs with black bean saucehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw?select=0MsGq9FNq0j8_DuU4mu_8gXLBhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw?select=pcKfKHdWMaguiWGuQDuqrgsteamed bbq bunshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw?select=5H8zdgaVzoRbIAw6EA_sOQsticky rice with shrimp and chinese sausagehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw?select=A74GTaO1gsz24yRK3mttcgflat noodle with shrimphttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw?select=4pxQ8iD5jGlfywsv-cWw5gsticky rice wrapped in lotus leafhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw?select=ouW5rSHjWjJo-XKmp1bqRAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw?select=tPsRoVF7rxbUFZKC-txU6wchive and shrimp dumplinghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw?select=fZ9stiaNEPs-7ITysnN82Qhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw?select=5Gy2f2LHSSG-vvqNM4zkGAfried smelthttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw?select=d3Ry2bDDtXT5vtgw3mHjUwsmelt roehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw?select=b0i870qndlOkZ3Qut0eLPQtofu pudding with carmelized ginger saucehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw?select=Cxihey8np1zw_pmyufDfpQdim sum at chang's is consistently good...i love that they serve dim sum EVERYDAY...they even have fried smelt on a weekday...although we had to ask for it...also noticed they have a larger selection on the weekends, but gets really packed...i suggest going early to avoid the wait and crowds...parking can also be a pain
4	I have never had Dim Sum until this weekend....it was a totally new experience for me.  I met up w/ some friends in Vegas (who lived there) because I was in town (to PARTY)!.They invited me to Changs to lunch where I had met them.  They explained to me how it worked but they did all the ordering because I would probably order some weird stuff.  Now I dont know the names of any of the stuff I ate..so im going to try and describe it was best as I can....We had some sort of Round Flat noodle (good!)Pork Buns ( Great!)Shrimp wrapped in won ton paper ( GREAT!)Shrimp Balls served w/ Mayo ( LOVED IT)Some type of meat on a bone. ( GOOD!)Veggie ball ( didnt try it)Bok Choy ( AWESOME)Chicken Feet - Okay! I wasn't going to try this but I figured why not?I guess its an aquired taste because I put a TOE in my mouth and tried to suck off the skin....and its kind of just oozed onto my tongue.  I gracefully put the foot onto my plate and there it stayed the rest of the meal.  I just couldn't handle the texture.  The seasoning and light chile sauce was great but the gelatenous skin wasn't doing it for me....AT ALL!!I know we ate more but I can't remember anything else ..(i was still drunk from the night before!)One thing I can tell you is that this place must be "authentic" because the restaurant was filled w/ only Chinese folks....I was the only "white" dude in the restaurant and im LATINO!  LOL!If you're in Vegas and want to try some Dim Sum...this place is the haps!
4	My girlfriend always bugs me for true dim sum every time she's in town to visit me.  Whilst on our recent junket to Sin City, it seemed that my local Vegas friends weren't very dim sum savvy, which led me to research and... gamble... on a place I felt would suit our tastes for authentic dim sum cuisine. That's when I discovered Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine, via the internet... and it did NOT disappoint!Daily dim sum is always a plus in my book, and Chang's serves it up hot and fresh.  I found their service to be NICER than the local restaurants here in the OC, which gets major points in my book!  We stuck with the usual dishes; har-gow (shrimp wrapped in "clear" starch wrap...), vegetable shumai, lo mai gai (sticky rice with meat & mushroom mix wrapped in a lotus leaf...), a few other dishes that I have no clue the names to, lol... AND, we ordered the walnut shrimp from the regular menu.  Everything from the dim sum carts was as to be expected; hot, fresh, flavorful, and moist.  The walnut shrimp was incredible, although I felt there to be an over-abundance of the mayo sauce for my personal taste.Did I mention how stellar the service was?  Friendly, inviting, prompt, and not "all up in your face".  I will visit Chang's every time I head out to Vegas, it has become my favorite local joint for good, authentic Chinese cuisine.Mahalo fo reading!  =D
4	Chang's will definitely be our go-to place for dim sum in Vegas!On a recent weekday visit, I was concerned that we may have arrived a bit too late for dim sum.  But I was wrong!  A little before 1 and there was still a stream of leisurely dim sum eaters enjoying their lunch and reading the newspaper.  (This was definitely a good sign since many of the customers were reading the Chinese language newspaper!)Most importantly, tea was brought out to us before the food came.  Nonetheless, the dim sum cart ladies were more than happy to surround us once we were seated.  I did ask for them to give us a moment as we were waiting for the rest of our party (in Cantonese) and they were more than happy to oblige in a polite manner.Among the offerings, this is what we got:* Shrimp Dumplings* Pork Dumplings* Shanghai Dumplings* Peanut and Chive Dumplings* Tofu Skin Roll* Steamed Tripe* Pork Spare Ribs* Beef Rice Noodle Roll* Chicken Feet in Black Bean Sauce - The first few carts didn't have this, but they were sure to let the kitchen know it was requested.  And the best part, they brought it to our table first when it did come out.  And that's how a dim sum restaurant should work!Our favorite - Egg Custard Pineapple Bun!  It was so creamy good, delicious and piping hot!  Look out for the ladies holding it on a tray because that means it just came out of the oven and it's definitely not something you want to miss!  (The Husband and I were still thinking about them later on in the day!)Prices for dim sum are:Small, A group: $1.85Medium, B group: $2.50Large, C group: $3.75D group: $5E group: $6.75(Seven of the things we ordered was part of the B group, with three items being in the A group, and one item in the C group.)Sure, they can really invest in updating their sign outside since it's fading so bad.  And one dim sum cart lady was a bit pushy, in a humorous way, as she joked with me in my poor Cantonese.  But once I ordered a dish from her cart, she was gone.  Empty dishes were cleared in a quick manner, maybe still a bit too efficient but workable.And they do have hot chili oil!  They will automatically bring out hot chili sauce, but let them know you want the oil and out it will come!$36 for party of three, tip and tax includedUpdate! (05.12.10)I just went yesterday for dim sum and they were still pretty where we had to wait for a short while for our party of four.  They apparently ran out of hot chili oil!  Argh!  So, we were stuck with the regular hot chili sauce. Bleh.  $40 for a party of four, tip not included.
4	I never thought that I would even think about Dim Sum in the Sin City. Being from the bay, you would think that I got enough of it, but here we were searching for that comfort food.. and we found ourselves here. I didn't even remember the name so thanks to the pagoda looking photo.Dont remember exactly what we ordered but for sure some of the basic: shrimp dumpling, siu mai, sticky rice, chicken feet, pork ribs, mango pudding, rice rolls, baos.. etc, and it was all pretty good. The service was good and the restaurant was pretty full. The bill was generous, spent around $55ish for the 4 of us.. but we ordered a variety. I'm a lil butthurt, I looked thru the pics & saw that they had seared ahi. I dont remember that being there when I went. boo. But Chang's will forever be our designated dim sum stop if we ever crave it in vegas.
4	You know, you come to Vegas for the shows, the action, and the food. But so many people stick to the strip for the food. There is so much great food in Vegas and it's only a $10 cab ride away. Chang's is one of these diamonds.If you are a fan of Dim Sum, you have to check out Chang's on a Sat or Sun morning; Sunday being the most popular day of course. The sticky pork buns (Char siu baau) was perfect. Not too sweet like some others I've had, but with a great mix of salty pork, BBQ flavor, and honey. Great Hangover food.Their Lotus Leaf Rice (Lo mai gai) was also one of the best I have ever had (best as in Los Angeles, San Francisco, and Las Vegas) with the flavor being subtle but delicious. Finally, the Rice Congee (rice porridge) was good enough that I had two bowls. One was "plain" and the other I added a small bit of the spicy red paste.So you've been to the best club, you drink some great drinks, your tan is looking bronze, and you need a place to get some brunch (because you are not getting out of bed before 11am - it's Vegas). I highly recommend Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine. It only a few blocks off the strip on Flamingo Blvd near the Home Depot. You're welcome.
4	Pretty good Dim Sum for Sin City. But they only serve from 10am-3pm, seven days a week. After 3pm it's dinner only and they only have 1-3 dim sum items on the dinner menu. You can tell a major difference in the availability of parking spaces between dim sum time and regular dinner. But I've found its generally a good sign when I'm the only white person in a Dim Sum place. Which was definitely the case here. All locals. Came here on a Sunday (busiest day)!*BBQ pork buns steamed & baked. Baked was sweeter because of the sweetness of the bread and looks like a regular bun. But I like dipping the steamed version in soy sauce more.*Sticky rice in lotus leaf (with meat/shrimp filing). You MUST get this one*Steamed spare ribs in black bean sauce*Shrimp Har GowWe got 6 different types of dim sum + hot tea for $17.80 (for 2 people). It doesn't get better than that in Sin City! Only bummer was that we got full before they brought out the Steamed Chinese Broccoli + Oyster Sauce. Which is one of my favorites :( ! But I'd say this place is a must for any trip to LV. Especially after dining at all the fancy smanshy places on the strip. It's also really easy to get to ---- just go down Tropicana (towards the Rio) and make a right on Decatur. Boom you're there!
5	This is my new Las Vegas Sunday tradition!  Best Dim Sum in Las Vegas.
3	The trolley carts are very traditional, the waitstaff have a good sense of humor.Very affordable.The food was definitely okay but not the dimsum that you hope for in a town with so many chinese visitors.And, credit card minimum of $100?! Well maybe I misheard, but why not just say no credit cards...
3	Visited Chang's for dinner several years ago and I can still remember how yummy their Honey Walnut Prawns were!  Next on my Foodie Bucket List: I must return to check out their dim sum selections.  I gave up on finding decent dim sum in LV long ago, but since this place has been recommended so highly here on Yelp, I will give it a try.  My fellow Yelpers really know their chow!   I used to live in San Francisco, so my dim sum expectations are way up there, but I will roll the dice and see how they fall at Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine.  More to follow ...
5	Not bad! Great selection for Dim Sum and not that bad of a price. The jelly fish tenticels....mmmmm
5	Just had Sunday brunch.  Best dim sum I've had in years.  They even had walnut shrimp.  Selection is huge and vegetables fresh.  Great service, attentive but not pushy.
3	This review is really long overdue. I remember having this during the weekend of CES, yup all the way back in January. This was my first dim sum experience in Vegas.@ Shrimp Dumplings - Good shrimp and texture on the skin. @ Pork Dumplings - This looked good, but it did have a taste like it was spoiled.@ Fried Shrimps - Its similar to the stuff you get in the frozen food isle and you deep fry quickly.@ Fried Shrimp in Wonton Skin - This is a much better appetiizer than the fried shrimp. Its more crispier and you can actually taste the shrimp flavor in this.@ Shrimp in Rice Noodles - The shrimp was good, but the rice noodles and soy sauce just seem out of place. The rice noodle was a little mushy and it seems like they used the wrong kind of soy sauce, not the diluted soy sauce.@ Congee - This was just bad. Lack of flavor and just disappointing for me. @ Egg Filled Buns - Another disappointing item. The fillings could have more flavor, but its just a bun with an egg filling. Just blah. @ Sweet Tofu Desert - Good smooth taste. Nothing spectacular however.This is one of the more inexpensive dim sums in town and probably one of the better ones. But that isn't saying much. I would say this place falls short of Ping Pang Pong slightly, but not by much. Those raised with CA dimsum will be disappointed. Everyone else should enjoy the dishes.
5	I had only gotten dim sum one time before this one, and sadly, it was not the business.  When my friends called me up to meet up here, I was hesitant, but figured, why the hell not? :]  It ended up being a very good passive decision.The place was packed, but service moved very quickly.  Everyone was picking and choosing and pulling things off of carts... it was great.  I got to try a lot of things for the first time, including something with shrimp and rice paper. (yeah, lots of foreign names that I have no idea how to say, nor spell).  Everything was also very reasonably priced.  I think that the most expensive thing was 3.75, but there were so many of us that we all got our full for under $10 each. :] Overall, it was a really good experience, the customer service was super and the food was really good!
4	we just had our wedding reception here at chang's...they were awesome and took care of us.  thanks to Jack and John our special day was as memorable and smooth as can be.  besides the service, their dinner was delicious.  we had the seafood chowder, peking duck, walnut prawns, black pepper steak, flounder, veggies, house special fried rice and noodle, whole chicken, orange blossom pork chop, etc.  everyone of our guests were satisfied.  fantastic job chef!  it felt like we had the whole place to ourselves too =)  if you're visiting vegas or local, please make sure to try out chang's, you won't be disappointed.
4	Good food, moderate service, great price.The dim sum menu is relatively diverse and most of the items are as good as one might expect. The flavors of the more complex and/or bizarre items are not as good, like the chicken feet. The soft tofu with ginger simple syrup was my favorite. Simple but reminds me of home on the Philippines.
4	Who loves DIM SUM? I love me SUM! These was pretty good. What I liked best was the variety of carts going around. They also had a waitress walking around offering entrees such as fried rice and calamari. It was somewhat busy but we were able to get our food FAST. Because of our hunger, I think we must have spent 10 minutes in there inhaling the food. My only advice... slow down and enjoy the dim sum. Otherwise, you'll end up like me: bloated and full after a measly 10 minutes. HA!
4	We usually go to Cathay House for dim sum when we're in Vegas but we saw this review on Yelp & tried it out. It's better (& cleaner) than Cathay House.
2	Limited dim sum selection, especially steamed food.  Quality is so-so, have tried much better ones in the US.  I'd skip this place next time.  Seem to be busy, but I guess it's catered to foreigners who don't know what real Chinese dim sum is.
4	I've had my fair share of dim sum growing up (born and raised in a cantonese household) and I can tell you when it's good dim sum.  Chang's was so good I went back the next day to get more.  Now, for the older generation asian folks you may think it's only so-so but I think Chang's is pretty darn good for a city like Las Vegas that has a smaller Chinese community.  I loved the authentic atmosphere of the place.  Everyone spoke Chinese and waitresses (in good o' trolley carts) were friendly.  Service was fast (I like to get my hot sauce when I ask for it) and the place was clean (for an Asian place).  I love that it was packed even at 2pm because it just adds to the upbeat atmosphere.  Another bonus is that this place is decently priced.  I don't remember exactly how many dishes my friend and I had but the bill came to around $21 w/o tax and we had ate to our heart's content.  This place is only 2 miles from the strip so I would recommend any tourists to check this out, especially if you're looking for some authentic Chinese food.  Restaurants on the strip are pricey and it's only for show (the food usually isn't great for how much you're paying).
4	Having grown up in hong kong and Singapore, I must admit their dim sum is excellent and a great value for money. Staffed with a primarily Cantonese speaking staff adds to the authenticity. Food wise, most of it tastes as good as the regular restaurants I grew up with in Asia. Their egg tarts have the best pastry skin I've ever had in America and is even better than many in Asia. The only downside is their steamed BBQ pork bun doesn't taste that good, perhaps due to a poor supply of pork in this area. Fried buns are excellent though.Value wise, this is one of the cheapest dim sum restaurants I've been to in the US. To sum it up, an excellent choice and great value.
2	Gone out with the BF and my two Yelpalicious two- Angela H. and Elnino F. for some lunchie munchies.We ordered *Shumai (3x)- pretty decent, juicy.*Shrimp Har Gow- filling was fresh, but the dumpling skins stuck together...meh.*cheong fun w/ shrimp- these are rolled rice (noodle) rolls...the rolled rice was good but, it only had 2 shrimps in each and I'm used to more filling...these are my favorite so I was kinda sad panda. These were just steamed, not steamed then stir fried w/ sesame that I'm used to, but okay, I like this version too. It just was okay overall...*douchi spare ribs- I love pork and I love black beans. Though you order these anywhere and they are bony, it's all about the flavor and these were good. *Fried Rice, sticky style- I thought this was good, but my buddy thought it was just plain fried rice....it was misleading since I thought all the sticky rice comes in leafs. Really, where's the lotus leaf wrapping?! It taste better that way when it picks up the subtle flavors. It had peanuts, dried shrimp, mushrooms, sliced pork. *Fried shrimp w/mayo (2x)- it's shrimp, its fried wrapper, it's mayo...what is not to like? *Hom Sui Gok-ground pork, the thick layer of mochi like wrapper and the crunch of the outside being fried makes for a nice texture meld. There was something missing though in the flavor of the filling that I couldn't quite place.*Black Bean Clams- these were in a good sauce, but was just okay. the clams were sparse and most of the shells were empty without the meat somewhere on the plate. WTF?! Most expensive dish at $7.95 and not worth it. That came to $37 and overall, it was a decent meal. So now why 2 stars?Firstly, it's a hot day, and it was a bit stuffy in there....they need some better A/C and/or more fans around the place. Our drinks were pretty neglected and we had to keep trying to flag people for water (there aren't that many servers and a cart lady ain't gonna stop to get you some). We got one refill in our small water cups and we were pretty dehydrated. Now I know that sometimes servers say things that assume "guilao" don't know things, but it's usually said in a manner that is matter-of-fact, trying to be helpful and making sure the person doesn't feel awkward not knowing something. The first cart lady was rude and I did not like how she was talking to Angela H. like she was a fucking idiot when she knows well enough to order with proper names of foods. No, you do not need to point at which is har gow and shumai, she ordered it with those names, so I'm sure you don't need to teach a bitch holding chopsticks. We're not that white, jeez. The kicker is another cart lady came by and the lady was pointing and talking about our table. We aren't idiots and know it's talking shit about us since it's blatant, but you also don't know that my brothers are Chinese. Yeah, thanks for the hospitality so a nice wish for you; ham gaa fu gwai. This is said with much sarcasm if the obvious isn't obvious enough. One thing to treat people like guilao and think we need to be told something or given forks automatically, but another when we are treated as yang guizi. It is NOT acceptable to discriminate and belittle customers.  I feel this is somewhat a limited selection of offerings, but alas I was spoiled with a imperial selection in LA. It's hard not to compare to how awesome it was back home, so I try my best to minimize the comparisons because I will always set myself for a bad day.  I was looking for "common" items like dan tat (egg tarts) or siew yuk (crispy skinned roast pork) and they seem to not have it so I could not help be disappointed and think of home. Maybe they run out of the good stuff fast (we were there at 1pm-ish) , but hell I'm not waking up to beat the church goers and the club people. And I certainly have less patience when I can't get food AND water. Bring a drink if you're a group of white/non Chinese basically. I am still on the mission to try all the (limited) dim sum places and find the "best" of Vegas....even though it'll probably be mediocre to home.For Chang's though, I came to one conclusion- though we have a limited selection of dimsum spots here, I am not that desperate to come back unless with all my Chinese family and they suggest it (not likely gonna happen- they're from California).
1	FOUR STARS? Are you fucking kidding me? Come on Vegas, step your dim sum game up... Three words to describe the waitresses:LOUD, RUDE, OBNOXIOUS. Food is mediocre... I'd say below average compared to 626, SD, or even Irvine. So if you've had any of the above, this place will DISAPPOINT ... and definitely annoy the shit out of you. The heat alone made me 289347x irritable than usual so imagine that plus the waitresses' incompetency.
3	Ok so I wasn't expecting too much from a Vegas Dimsum~ But I must say that it wasn't too bad!  I thought it would be overpriced and be a PF Chang style American twist dimsum, but it was pretty reasonable and tasty. Can't really quite give a "Yay! I'm a fan" rating... but it's definitely more than an "A-OK"... like A-I could be a fan.Service was the same as any other dimsum places.  Some are rude and some are nice... but at a dimsum place like this, you are not really paying for the service so you kinda have to let that go.They pretty much had everything I wanted from sticky rice, shumai, spare ribs, that fried taro thing, tripe, congee, eggrolls you name it.  Their boba tasted pretty nasty tho... so don't get boba there.If you are in Vegas and you are craving dimsum, Chang's will pretty much satisfy your needs if you go there not expecting too much! :)
3	We had a group of 12 people for DIM SUM after long night of partying. This was the perfect place for that hangover!We had plenty of food to eat and the carts came around frequently for refills. Our favorite was the shumai! Nom Nom!! I can't speak too much more about what we ate because I can't give you the Chinese name, but it was all pretty good and when we split the bill between the 12 of us it was only $10 each and we were all full! Now that is what I call a good DIM SUM meal!
4	This place is way better than harbour palace off spring mountain in chinatown.  lots of varieties, good food, and cheap too.  30 bucks for 3 people and a table full of dim sum, small dishes, and congee.   The impression of the outside and inside looks kinda catered to "white ghost" but the food is really on par with dim sum restaurants in the bay area.
3	Actually I think they deserve 3.5 stars. It was 109 degrees outside, This building has seen better days. My brother and I were glad to walk into the cool restaurant that many claim has the hottest, best dim sum in Vegas.  It was totally crowded at 11:30 AM on Sunday. Looking at the waiting room and restaurant, 90 per were speaking Cantonese, but there were some token Filipinos (my brother and I were representin' along about 10 others). and other Asian  families. The hostess didn't take any names down at first, and suddenly five parties arrived after us. We were a feisty, grumpy hungry group in the waiting area  So, I loudly reminded the hostess we were next,  Her eyes bugged out and looked a little spooked, and immediately seated us in the only empty table that seats six!.  The hostess left and the so called waitress asked for our drink order. Drinks came out right away but it took another 15 minutes for her to return when we asked for hot tea besides our cokes.  The cute smiley old ladies with the carts were really helpful and were glad to describe what they had. Geez some of these cart pushers were pushy! A few didn't speak much English, but I give them credit for trying. We had the following but didn't know which price group each was:siu mai - good, flavorful blend of pork and shrimpwokked gai lan - my favorite veggie when sauteed right and it waschow mein thin noodles - really good, not too salty a simple dish but cool, not warmbarbecue pork - juicy, good charred meat and tender insidemeat balls - kind of rubbery, decent not greatrice cake (plus two orders to go) - awesome if you like this dish, sweet and subtle taste, soft marshmallow texturemango mochi cake - our favorite item, with fresh mini piece of sliced mangoes, mango pudding inside mochi and topped with shredded coconutsesame do-nut balls - really good, sweet with ample sesame seeds, really crunchy when warmSo we finished about 2/3 the order, and the waitress gave us boxes. She brings out the check. $38 before tip for all that. When she saw I was filling in the tip box, she started her smiling, and engaged in some small talk with us. "Do you want water?  Do you want more tea?  Anything else? LOL, she has great timing.. Overall, prices are pretty good for what you get.  Service was OK. Overall, I thought they compared pretty well with places like New Capital in Monterey Park, some of the Oakland and SF dim sum places, and even some places in Hong Kong.  I'll be back.
4	Another nice place for quality and reasonably priced dimsum.  By comparison, this place has a newer, smaller dining room than Orchids.  With their windows' orientation however, the air conditioning didn't quite keep up as well with the 106F heat.  OK, maybe it was only 102F at 10:30am.  The dimsum was good nonetheless.
4	We love dim sum and this place satisfies the craving.  We have been here at least 12 times since moving here a year ago.  The chicken feet are always good as is the calamari, the taro cake, the custard tarts and pretty much everything really.  I've always had good service and the price is average.  Its usually busy when we come and we have to wait for a table but its worth  it.
2	Overall, the food here is expensive and not as good as Harbor Palace a few blocks away. The service is quick though, but the wait staff all seems to be in a bad mood. Although the other yelpers have said that the quality of the food is very authentic, I thought most of the dishes were too salty and some were even bland. The pricing is also a lot more expensive than other dimsum places I've been to, and I've been to some very good dimsum places in Pasadena and Little Saigon. Overall I'd recommend Harbor Palace.
4	Authentic dim sum at reasonable price ($22 for 2 of us. We left stuffed). Well seasoned, good textures (not super greasy or mushy as some dim sum can be). We were referred by our waiter during our last vegas trip from bobby flay's mesa grill (trading foodie restaurant tips). This is a locals place. As with most "authentic" dim sum places, there are more asians than other types of patrons.  Also, I've learned that dim sum culture means you flag someone down if you want something (cart or otherwise)... In short:food was good, setting average, great value. We recommend and will return.
4	Pretty Fly for a White GuyI've poked around Yelp and other ratings websites, and every now and then I see a review that decries that the restaurant that they are covering has the "best" dim-sum. Of course not everyone agrees as to where the best dim sum is, but they probably agree to what it is.If you are familiar with dim sum, you may want to read their reviews instead.  If, like me, you had to go to wikipedia to figure out what dim sum is, then this is the review for you.First - Dim Sum isn't on the menu.  In fact, there is no menu.  You are seated and given a blank card, with seperate price points.  I have eaten at a conveyor-belt-sushi place before, so I recognised this as meaning some dishes cost more than others.  Since the highest price point was about $4 I felt pretty safe.Almost immediately, a server rolls up a cart of food.  Most of it is covered. With a bizzare amount of excitement they remove a lid and say something.  I presume they described the dish, but 1) English is a second language at Changs2) I'm not good at decyphering accents3) It is very noisy in here4) I wouldn't know the difference between fan gwo and yung bauThey keep uncovering dishes, like they are working on commission or something.  You know those movies where you see the busy marketplace in China or Persia and everyone is trying to push their wares?  That's what the servers are like.  It's not high pressure though.  Say no and they shove onto the next table to try to make a sale. I say yes to a couple of items. Chicken feet look like chicken feet, so I  stayed clear of them.  What I got was a total mystery though.  One was like a wonton soup, without the soup.  The other was like slices of sausage on a bed of carrots and cabbage.  I wish I had taken photos so someone could help me figure out what I ate.  It was pretty good though.The server stamps my card with a little stamp.  Joy! I hit two of the lower price items.Looking around, I see that in this packed restaurant, we are the only table without someone of Asian heritage sitting at it.  I wondered if it would be innapropriate to "borrow" someone else's Chinaman for lunch.  Most of the tables had more than their fair share.  Then I have a plan.  Just watch what other people are getting, then when something that looks the same comes my way, I'll get that.My new plan gets me a tasty gooey rice wrapped in a big leaf.  This is very good.  Our card gets stamped with a different color stamp (maybe they do work for commision) and we hit the $4 item.  We are getting full, and I see someone get a plate of sesame seed covered balls, and put them directly into a to-go box.  I figure it must be a dessert that is so good, people get them even when they are stuffed.  The cart comes by and boom - I point and they deliver.  It may be uncouth, but if nobody explains proper custom, then I will make up my own.The sesame balls are tasty dough balls with a sweet purple filling.  I will call them Chinese doughnuts.  Not as sweet as a regular doughnut, I could sit down with a dozen of these and a cup of coffee every morning.  Thanks "to-go box family" for the tip!To sum up dim sum:  It was good when I was just guessing.  It was better when I was spying on others.  Maybe next time I will bring binoculars. I never felt out of place, even though I clearly was, so kudos to the staff there.  If you are ready for an adventure, I would reccommend Changs.  I'm unqualified to say it's the best, but for a good -and different- lunch for two under $22, it's worth trying.
2	After eating at Ping Pang Pong (PPP), I can't give any other dim sum place in Vegas more than a few stars.The pluses for Chang's: shrimp noodle with the watery soy sauce, the 100 year old duck porridge is pretty good but doesn't top PPP's, egg custard bao with crispy top is OK but doesn't top Orchid Garden's for sure!  The triangle dim sum with the flaky crust, and BBQ pork inside is good, better than Orchid's Garden, but does NOT top PPP's.  Boo's go to the sticky Har gow, and shrimp, pork and green onion dumpling does not surpass any other restaurant especially because the dumpling was super cold like it came straight out the fridge.We didn't have to wait to be seated, and food came around fast on a Sunday at 12 noon so not bad.  But food was just OK.  Some cold!   Will I be back?  If I'm too lazy to drive to Orchid's Garden, or woke up too late to go to PPP.  Nah..I probably won't come back!
1	On 9/19/10 my family (6 adults, 4 children (5yrs & under) went to enjoy dim sum at what WAS our favorite restaurant. We I reviewed the bill I noticed an unfamiliar high-priced amount on the bill. I went to the cashier station and asked what was the charge for, I was told it is a service charge for parties over 8 people. I said, "there are only 6 adults and 4 children." He (I believe the owner) just shrouded his shoulders and said, "that's our service charge." $19.25!!!! - that's an extreme charge for servicing water refills and collecting empty dim sum containers. Sunday dim sum @ Chang's is now a thing of the past for us...Ping Pang Pong here we come!
4	We chose this place because it seemed to be pretty popular among fellow yelpers.  The carts come around pretty often and they all have several items to choose from. The prices looked pretty reasonable with dishes mostly from 2-4 dollars.   We tried the siu mei,  sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaf, steamed buns with bbq pork, pork porridge, and rice noodle roll with shrimp.  Everything was pretty good but the sticky rice stood out because it had some meat (sausage)  in it and was modestly seasoned and not greasy.  We also tried the baked sweet bun that everyone seemed to be taking home.  It was warm and flaky with a sweet yummy egg-containing filling inside.  The only real drawback about this place is the food is rather soporific, probably because they use their share of msg.
4	In my humble opinion, Chang's is probably pretty authentic whether you roll for lunch, dinner or dim sum.  It is definitely superior to the Strip offerings in term of value.  If you're from East LA, then you might find something to complain about like shu mai being $2 instead of $1.50.Sunday at 11:30am, dim sum wait time = 15 minutes.  By the time we left, it probably pushed up to 30 minutes.  Most people are in and out of there fairly quickly.Service-wise, I think that Chang's is slightly understaffed, particularly in the non-cart personnel for water / tea refills and bill settlement.  The workers look a little tired, so I would bet that this has been the case for a while and they probably don't plan on staffing up.Another minor note is that the cart ladies are not very keen on doing the visual style of ordering.  That is, more laid back places will show you each dish they are offering up, especially if you are clearly not Chinese.   It was very handy that I knew at least my favorite dish names and that they could understand my non-Chinese accent.  I am sure that it hurt their ears, but I got what I wanted.  Hargow, cha sau bau, jiao-tsu, etc (damn, I forgot my Chinese romanization... and I am getting pinyin and wade-giles all mixed up).  I definitely recommend taking a native speaker or at least get your favorite dish names memorized.Price-wise, it probably is more that the general price of food and restaurants going up, but I think that it is a bit on the higher side.Overall, I would venture to say that this place is quite good for your dim sum fixed, though it is probably not for dim sum noobs.
5	Chang's of Las Vegas is an institution.  When the Chinatown region of Las Vegas was just developing, I remember having a meal at Chang's and being impressed by the quality.  Fast forward at least ten years later and I'm glad to see Chang's is still around (now with two branches) and that their quality is still up to par. The majority of diners go to Chang's for traditional Hong Kong style dim sum.  However, for our meal, we came for dinner and ordered a traditional Chinese banquet.  Having eaten in Hong Kong, Vancouver, San Francisco, and Los Angeles, I admit I wasn't expecting much.  But after dinner, I came away quite happy and thought the meal was a fantastic deal as well.Service was surprisingly good and it's a surprise this place was relatively quiet of patrons.  It may be off the strip, but I can guarantee the Chinese food is better than most offerings on the Strip and of much higher and authentic quality.  Two thumbs up.A sampling of our menu:Appetizer plate - a beautiful presentation of Chinese BBQ items like duck and goose, alongside sliced meat selections, jellyfish, shrimp and seaweed.  Everything was flavorful and really started the menu off right.Crab claws - Deep fried crab claws fresh out of the fryer were hot and delicious and was served alongside what looked like deep fried seaweed.  The waiter later informed us it was the top part of the gai lan Chinese vegetable deep fried and seasoned with salt.  Unique and delicious.  No one wanted the waiter to take it away.Shark Fin Soup - classic presentation with good flavor and plentiful pieces of Virginia ham and chicken to complement the fin.Peking Duck - a whole prepared duck was brought out, skinned, and served to each patron in a bun.  They then sliced the excellent duck meat and served that as a platter as well.Braised Abalone with Chinese Vegetables - the abalone was not the least bit overdone and the vegetables were top notchSteamed fish - I believe a whole rock cod was prepared steamed with ginger and soy sauce.  Live and fresh.Wok fried lobster - a large lobster cut into pieces and sauteed with ginger and scallions.E-fu noodles - a wonderful side dish alongside the fried rice.Fried rice - standard fried riceOverall, we were extremely pleased with Chang's.  Service was polite and fast, entrees were delicious and plentiful, and prices were very competitive.  We all left with more leftovers than we knew what to do with and everyone had plenty of their favorite dishes.Next time you're in Vegas craving authentic Chinese food, you deserve to give this place (or it's sister branch) a try.  Chang's accepts credit cards, including American Express.
5	This is easily my favorite dim sum place in Vegas. It's a tradition to stop by here on Sunday morning just after checking out of the hotel. It's usually packed (surprise, surprise), but a party of two gets seated really quickly.We usually order the typical: har gow, xia chang fun (rice noodle with shrimp), turnip cake, cha siu pao (bbq pork buns), mango pudding (Martin M's fav), bor lor bao (my fav), and sweet tofu (classic dim sum dessert!). The har gow isn't particularly special here, but the xia chang fun is good and not too doughy. The cha siu pao here is one of my favorites of all cha siu pao's - the filling is flavorful and the bun is always fluffy.The service is great and the prices are even better - usually comes out to about $10/person, including tax/tip. Love it!
4	went there at opening.  all the carts came out.  food was terrific. only thing i recommend is that you wait around til maybe 11:30 or 12:00, thats when the good entrees come out. other than that, i had a pleasant experience and will be back :)
4	This place is hopping!! I went on a Sunday and it was super crowded, for good reason.  All the little plates of food are really good, but don't go too early.  My friends and I were too full by the time the duck and chinese broccoli came out.  So, instead of going right when they open at 10:30 AM, it's probably better to go at noon.  If you like dim sum, then you should like Chang's.
4	I had never had dim sum before however this place was so tasty I will have it again.  And oh, again! So many of the items on the cart had shrimp, which if you like shrimp tres bon! I really enjoyed the fried wontons with shrimp, the shrimp sausage, the bbq pork buns and the rice with sausage shrimp and ground pork.  Yum!I didn't get much detail about the food and what was in them, so if you have food allergies beware.  Also, there were veggies.  I made the mistake of getting too many meat/seafood items before snagging a little bit of bok choy.  A balanced diet with veggies is the way to go!The price was excellent!  You've got everything from $2 items to about $9 bucks.  Also, bring a partner because you can try many things and still leave thinking you ran away with bank.  Again Yum!!!
4	Good dim sum in Las Vegas.  Prices are reasonable and about the same as Orchids Garden dim sum.  Food is good and they have a better selection on the carts than Orchids Garden.  Only problems are limited parking because they are popular and the restaurant is about half the size of Orchids Garden and there can be a long wait for a table when they are busy.  Never had this problem at Orchids Garden.
5	DIM SUM REVIEW:With most dishes at $2 or $2.75 it is really hard to have a bill over $30 for 2 people. How freaking amazing is that?! Especially after a drunken night, what better way to erase that hangover than with some ha gow, su mai, and hot jasmine tea?Dishes that I didn't like: -congee (rice porridge): it was too thin and wasn't enough thousand year old eggs chunks :(  -chicken feet: I've had better. I noticed a pool of clear fat in the dish. Haha :(Loved the su mai, ha gow, shrimp balls, and the FRIED TARO. Get it. It was some crazy transitioning with the crispiness, and then soft taro, and then cloud 9!!! Also try the pineapple cream pastry. I have no idea what they call it but I included a picture. Looks like a mushroom. Came out HOT and DRIPPING with the egg yolk cream inside. Mmmmmmhhh!!!5 stars for such great prices (our bill was $21!!!! And we are fat pigs too!!) and pretty good food! Thank you for existing, Chang's.
3	I was craving dim-sum and going through withdrawals of my selection in Monterey Park/ Alhambra.  After yelping it, it looks like the locals prefer Chang's and Orchid's.  So we tried Chang's.  One positive is the fact that there was only a 5 minute wait, although it was a full house.  The majority of the patrons were asian so that was a good sign of its authenticity.  There also seemed to be a decent selection of dim sum options.Here is the breakdown:THE GOOD: -marinated and roasted pork dish with peanuts- delicious!-fried sesame ball with red beans-chicken feetTHE BAD:-fried vegetable egg rolls-har gou- the shrimp tasted weird. Must have been a bad batch.-pork shu mai- lacked flavor, had to douse it in hot sauce. THE UGLY:-rice flour with shrimp. The shrimp tasted funny and the sauce (which is usually my favorite part) was way too sweet. -jellyfish.  More disappointing was the fact that it was $7.95 and lacked flavor. I don't know if I'll be back.  I'll have to try Orchid's and give other dim sum restaurants a chance.  But first, I may have to lower my expectations a bit.
2	went for Dim Sum, I asked for water, the waitress kept insisting that I get tea also. I finally said fine. She brought 2 tea cups, which by the way, one was for me the other person with me is my 3 year old son. Does he drink hot tea, I think not. There must be something to it. I keep wanting to get the satay hot sauce, and asked several ladies pushing the carts, they keep telling me " ask the waitress." I haven't seen a waitress pass for any request. when I finally raised my voice to get the attention of a waitress, she said we only have 1 type of hot sauce. NOT REAL AUTHENTIC dim sum, if they do not have the satay hot sauce. The fried shrimp balls was OK, a bit dry. The steam rice noodle with beef on the inside, was weird. Noodles too chewy, and the beef seems like it was from some kind of beef paste, (its and Asian thing) I did like the siu-mai though, it was good. seems like it was steam with little fish eggs on top. I got my check, they actually charge $.50 for tea for each person. That was why the waitress keep wanting me to say yes for tea. Forget the $ amount, it's the principles of the matter. So I will keep to my usual favorite place Cathay House, in china town for Dim Sum. Good food, good service.
3	Went here for dim sum a few weeks ago. We got about seven items. I tried jellyfish for the first time and liked it quite a bit. The other top picks were the eggplant wrapped around shrimp and the whole fried shrimp. The only thing I didn't care for was a pork stuffed nest-looking thing which had a weird consistency.
4	If you like traditional noisy Chinese restaurants, this is the place to go.  Even though there were a lot of people when we got there, we got seated rather quickly.  The food was good, and the service was OK.  It is more like 3.5 stars.
3	had my first dim sum experience here and to my surprise it was actually pretty good. i don't remember a few things i sampled, but i did enjoy them. one thing i know i did love was the bbq pork buns. i wasn't too fond of the baked ones but i did like the steamed ones. the sticky rice in the lotus leaf was pretty addicting. i love good sticky rice. the turnup cake was very sweet. i liked the shrimp and chives dumpling. although my boyfriend said it looked like brains i found it to be very tasty. (think of it as brain food!) the shrimp har gow was pretty good. i also sampled some noodles that reminded me of thai pad see ew and i loved them. some of my party thought them to be too spicy but i could have ate it all day.everything was pretty cheap. i didn't like how they force the tea on you though and even if you don't drink it they still charge you for it. very weird. i also wish most of the items didn't have shrimp in them. i don't mind eating it, but it is not my favorite thing in the world. (yet i did like the little bites of it.)we arrived when they first opened so we got a table, but it did get pretty busy fast. make sure to come with an empty stomach to fill up.
4	Things have changed since my last review of Chang's, so it looks like another update is necessary!First off - the sign out front!  Yay, they got rid of that faded old sign advertising Chang's.  Although I'm not particularly fond of their tacky new font, at least it's legible! Looks like prices have gone up too!Group A - $2Group B - $2.75Group C - $3.95 Group D - $5.95Group E - $7.95For our hungry party of three, we had five items from Group A, seven items from Group B, and one item from Group C.They included:* Shrimp Dumplings* Pork Dumplings* Beef Ball* Tofu Skin Roll* Steamed Tripe* Beef Rice Noodle Roll* Chicken Feet in Black Bean Sauce * Deep Fried Ground Pork Dumpling* Deep Fried Taro and Ground Pork Dumpling* Shanghai Dumplings (Group C) - It's something they don't push around in the carts.  You have to put in a special order for it.  Our order was had four dumplings, but you can request eight.  It came out piping hot - just the way it's supposed to be.  Be careful with the soup inside because it burned my tongue! The whole point of going out for dim sum is to "yum cha" which means to drink tea. Therefore, tea charges is as follows:* Tea is $.50/person* Chrysanthemum tea is $1/per personI wanted to end our lunch with something sweet and looked over the Egg Custard Tarts.  They appeared to be the same ones that were out when we first arrived, so I passed on that.  We also skipped on the Egg Custard Pineapple Bun this time around since we didn't see them come out fresh, and these buns needed to be eaten piping hot only!  They did offer the dessert tofu dish, but that's not my favorite.  Perhaps they need a better sweet selection or at least a higher turnover on it so things can still come out fresh! The service was surprisingly attentive on a Monday and there was no wait.  Our water glasses and tea pot were constantly refilled without us asking, which we really appreciated.  A large bus group did arrive shortly after us and did take up some of the attention, but it was understandable.Unfortunately, they do not have hot chili oil anymore, just the regular hot chili sauce.  I'll continue to ask for it in case they bring it back!3.5 stars
4	Tried dim sum for the first time last week, and enjoyed it. The food opportunities felt endless!  The shrimp, rolls and noodles were all delicious...I can't remember everything that we had.  It does get really busy, but we had great service.  I'd highly recommend trying it if you haven't yet.
3	I have no idea why my family decided to eat at an Asian restaurant in Vegas because for goodness sake...you don't go to sin city for great ethnic food...duuuuhhhh...Pros: very flavorful and tender bbq pork, ho fun was cooked al dente, yo tao (sp?) was greasy/fluffy/crunchy all at the same time but a little coldCons: not a great selection, steamed foods were lacking, tea costs extra, price is on the expensive side, extremely crowded on weekends, slow service
4	its very difficult to find an affordable yet mouth watering dim sum. This food critic here can tell you that the dim sum here is mouth watering tasty. The flavor is very rich, but not as great as the dim sum in san francisco, canada, los angeles, or hong kong. the only reason why i rate a 4 star, is the service is not so good. The waiters are always asking, " are u done yet?"
4	This is either my second or third time to Chang's. I went here with foodie friends a few years ago and I think I may have been here once since that first time.The dim sum is always good at Chang's, although I have to say I was let down today by the dim sum with shrimp. It was at least slightly fishy tasting. I don't know if it's becuase it's not fresh or if there are other issues, but it was notable in several servings of dim sum.The rest was wonderful. Something I'd never had before was dim sum with whole peanuts (shelled, of course). That was different and excellent. That was probably my favorite of today. There was another fried dim sum that was all vegetables, most prominently scallions. Those two were my favorites today.Good dim sum is not easy to do. In addition to quality ingredients I think you need to be able to make it volume to make it economical. You can rely on Chang's for good dim sum.
3	This was my first Dim Sum experience and I was less than satisfied.As part of a non-asian group I felt frequently overlooked. Water glasses were never refilled, those pushing the carts parked them by our table- not to serve us, but to leave their carts and chat with the other tables, which left us passed by the carts we DID want food from.On the plus side the food we did have was pretty good, I was disappointed that they didn't have the pork buns (most likely just because we went later in the day). It ended up being $27 for the three of us, which I think wasn't too bad.Would I go again? Maybe. But my next dim sum experience will be elsewhere before I come back
4	Chang's Has being in my top list of Dim Sum restaurants in the valley, I've been coming here since 2002 and time and time again I've had a great eating experience. One thing you want to make sure to do is to get there b4 the lunch rush and make sure to always ask for the fresh dim sum on the cart.Some folks have told me that the've had a hard time eating at this place due to the language barrier with the servers, I myself have always make sure to treat all of them with a smile and always w a thank you and my experiences have always being great.
3	My husband, daughter and I decided to try a different dim sum place other than the usual Orchids Garden Chinese Restaurant on Sahara so when headed over to Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine on Decatur, after all, it's been much talked about by so many of our friends.  It was hard to say whether this place was much better or much worse than our usual.  Some of the dim sum items tasted similar to Orchid's and some of them tasted different with a little change in one or two ingredients in the mix.  For instance, I prefer their shrimp har gau over Orchid's, but I rather enjoy Orchid's wrapped rice over Chang's.  What wasn't so good at Chang's was their dim sum items on the carts that didn't carry the steam baskets of goodness.  The eggplant, fried shrimp, all the items on plates that weren't steamed were served to us COLD!  Now if that isn't a kill to the palate, then I don't know what is!  Ugh!  Very displeasing, for sure!  No one expects food to be served cold like that.We had lunch during the peak business lunch hour, but were seated immediately.  The ambiance is quite different from that of Orchids, possibly due to the popularity of the place.  I'm sure Chang's is very well received in the neighborhood, by how busy the place was; busy, meaning "noisy."  But, of course, I expect no less at any Chinese restaurant.  (Although, once again, I have to compare this to Orchid's lack of noisiness, thus, the lack of popularity, per se?)  Do not hesitate to wave down a server pushing their carts around.  This, by no means, means you are rude and disrespectful to them.  It's just the way of the land at many Chinese restaurants.  They have no notion of this as being rude in any way, so wave away!  It was the only way we could dine at the pace we wanted anyway...=o)I gave them a 3-star rating because their food was good, albeit, some not served at the right temperature.  The service was to be expected.  The ambiance was nice to experience, and it was good to know people enjoy frequenting the place.  But, I have to say that I'm partial to Orchid's and probably won't go back to Chang's again.  We can get our dim sum closer to where we live at the similar price and taste that Chang's has to offer us.  Happy Eats to All!
5	I asked my cousin for authentic and true Chinese food. We went here for dim sum. You can not walk into this glorious restaurant with a Western attitude...or you may not enjoy your experience. Wave for the waitress, drink tea and at least try what you ask for. We had shrimp har gow, pork sil myl, fried taro cake, shrimp dumplings, turnip cake, shrimp rice noodle roll etc. My personal favorites...sesame ball, sticky rice in lotus leaf, the chicken feet and oh my goodness the fried shrimp... I know we ordered more but the carts just kept coming. It was so wonderful to have such a variety.
4	I have been coming to Chang's for years. Every time I am in Las Vegas for tradeshows, it's my must-go place to get my chinese food.  I really like their Steamed Chicken, Walnut Shrimp, and their Daily soup. Their prices are really reasonable and food tastes authentic.The only downside is that the restaurant is not centrally located and poorly lit at night so when we drive by, we often miss it and need to turn back. Then when you pull into the driveway, the reflective windows at night looks so dark that I thought the restaurant is closed, if not for the neon sign that says OPEN.I give this place a 4 star because the food and service are good consistently.
3	the order.dim sum!3.25the best dim sum I've had in vegas to date. i think it's worth the small drive away from the stripgood shumaiaverage har gowaverage bean curdgood baoaverage lotus leaf wrapped ricebelow average fried ricei'll most likely be back. good vegas dim sum is hard to come by.
4	After a few days of having no asian food in our systems... we were so happy to find this place.  Sunday is our favorite day to get dim sum! It was busy and we were lucky to be seated in less than 10 minutes because it was just the two of us.  Food came by fast.  We were in and out in less than 30 minutes!
4	Chang's serves up decent Hong Kong style dim sum. Being Chinese raised on some of the best dim sum San Gabriel Valley has to offer, I am confident that I am an expect in dim sum plus I had my share of dim sum from Hong Kong. Dim sum offerings are your standard, sui mai, hai gow (shrimp dumplings), tofu skin wrapped with pork and mushroom, shrimp with rice noodle, etc. Everything taste good except the shrimp from my shrimp dumplings tasted a bit fishy which usually means it was not fresh. Their chow mein with no meat was exceptionally tasty and the texture of the noodle still retains a bit of crunchiness but not to the point of a crispy noodle style. Very tasty. Their red bean boa is excellent. Prices are very reasonable. Service was friendly and attentive. For Las Vegas, Chang's dim sum is pretty good considering you are smack in the middle of a desert so this is an oasis if you are craving for some authentic dim sum. I also noticed alot of the customers were chinese which is a great sign. Chang's is a bit off the main strip but totally worth the trip. I will definitely come back when I am in Vegas. Bonus point, they staff all speaks cantonese so their claim of Hong Kong is valid as appose to Tawainese restaurant style dim sum or Chiu Chow style dim sum.Note: dim sum ends at 3pm.Happy eating.
4	This is definetely one of the nicest dim sum restaurants I've been to, as in CLEAN and in good condition, which makes for a much nicer atmosphere. The food was great as well, it was Friday during lent, so we weren't really supposed to be having meat, but we did slip a few times, with the steamed buns with pork which were very good, and the tripe which was excellent. The Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce was excellent, very fresh, and cooked perfectly, with a nice crispness to it. The desserts were great as well, this is the only dim sum place I've been to which offered sweet rice cake, which I love, and the egg custard was awesome as well, with a nice flaky crust and rich egg filling. The prices weren't bad either. I can definetely recommend this place.
4	First Dim Sum experience and I thought it was awesome. I loved how my brother and I were the only non-Asians in a packed restaurant (really cool).Truth be told, we had no idea what we were ordering, lol, and it somehow worked out into a great meal.I recommend going off the strip to this place for a new experience and great food, but go with non-picky eaters.P
3	Decent. Service is a little better than most dim sum places, but that's not saying much. The food is just okay. The fried rice is probably the best compared to other local dim sum places.
4	I'm surprised I have not reviewed Chang's yet. This is my favorite Dim Sum joint in the city. I usually come right at 11 when they open and there are already people waiting at the door. Because it's still early, we get good seats and the food is hot and fresh. We are in and out in 30 minutes. The dim sum is better than other places in LV I have tried. I especially like pork spareribs, pork dumplings and egg custard tartsI agree service can be a bit off sometimes. For all the times I've been here, it has been 80% good and 20% poor. But keep in mind I am ordering and speaking to them in Cantonese. I would like to note old-school Chinese restaurants like Chang's don't really specialize in great service, it's get in, eat and get out.
4	This is my new Las Vegas Sunday tradition!  Best Dim Sum in Las Vegas.
3	Average foods and service. I enjoyed it. But their attitude sucked. Let me explain...I've been there once and anxious to return for a second visit. Dim sum was meant to be eaten with friends. So I surrounded myself with friends each time.We all agree the foods were good, ranging from American fried foods to steamed southern Chinese dumplings. There was nothing bad and nothing outstanding. The service was on par with most big dim sum places. So are the ambiance and restroom.After we're done, we split the cost and paid the tips. The restaurant only accepted credit card for minimal $20. So we all paid cash to one that used CC. The waitress chased after the group asking for tips. Not just once, but twice.There are 2 problems here. First, tipping is a gratitude. I decide how much to tip and not influenced by anyone else. If the wait staffs have lousy attitude, I don't tip and most likely I will not return regardless of the foods.Second, if we left the tips on the table and they couldn't find it, who's at fault?It's audacious to ask for tips once, being purely shameless. Twice? It's plain outrageous.So diners, heed my warning... they were very proud of their wait service and they will let you know about it if you don't tip. Unfortunately the service was average and they expect instant reward.
1	Worst Dim sum ever!  No one speaks english and no carts were coming around.  We just walked out after two dishes.  I will never be back.
4	While Chang's might not be THE best Dim Sum I've ever had, Chang's is a great Dim Sum place for what Vegas offers. Almost always, this place is packed (at least during the weekends so anticipate waiting for a table), parking can be somewhat of a b*tch and I leave pretty satisfied with my selection of their dim sum items. Service here is pretty typical of a Dim Sum restaurant. I wish they would come back to my table more frequently to fill me up with my favorite seafood and dessert dishes. So, because I have to wait for specific carts, I usually stay here longer than I would like to fill up on the items I adore. Portions and actual pieces of dim sum are slightly smaller than other dim sum restaurants, quality of their items are comparable and prices are definitely affordable. I like that they offer hot chrysanthemum tea here.  In sum, I'm glad Chang's exists in the valley, otherwise I'd probably suffer from dim sum withdrawals.
2	Good dim sum but on one occasion I went here for dinner and found a nail in the rice.Luckily I spot it as I was spooning it to my small individual rice bowl. I told the waiter and they switched out the entire rice but weren't really apologetic.Maybe if it were a non-asian restaurant, they would have offered to do a little more to work on loyalty and customer retention.  They didn't.  But it didn't really suprise me.I go for dim sum now and then and it's good.  They are always busy.  Just watch out when you eat!
4	the place was packed and service was good.. went with my wife and kid dimsum were good..
4	I haven't done Yum Cha in years, so when my meetup group posted it, I jumped at the chance.Chang's was a great choice. Everything was delicious, from the chicken feet to the shumai to the tendons to the egg tarts. It's always good to have Chinese people in your group. I just let them do all the ordering. I did the eating. The chrysanthemum tea was an interesting change-up (we had that and regular tea). You gotta drink tea when you Yum Cha!Overall, it was a great lunch that worked out to be $14 per person. I'm probably not that picky when it comes to Dim Sum items. Chang's earns my fandom.
3	I'll caution this review by saying I am not a big dim sum guy.  The food is just too greasy and not satisfying for my Viet palette.  Well, I got invited for lunch and it seems the same as any other Chinese restaurant.  The place was crowded so I am assuming this means it is good.  The restaurant is out of the way if you are used to Spring Mt Rd.  Overall, it was an okay experience.  Nothing to write home about.
3	I can come to Chang's early and not worry about getting the left over stuff from the previous day like another dim sum place that I frequent, but the selection seems limited. They have all the fundamental dishes for yum cha, yet I like them less than their competitor. I did not see the tofu skin wraps, spare ribs, tendon, and fried taro cakes on my last visit. The first dish is one of my all time favorites and the last is my mom's. I am certain the reason why I like them less is because they lack the chili oil sauce. They serve the vinegar red chili sauce instead and that gives everything a more sour kick than a spicy one. Some might not believe it, but this condiment makes the whole experience more enjoyable. I am willing to do more math, and risk being swindled for it. The service at Chang's is quick and friendly. I swear, I should like Chang's more, but the feast feels limited and my dim sum taste is vast.
4	Went to this place for dim sum on a saturday morning with 5 other people...got a table right away seat down and the dim sum carts row up quick... Order everything from shrimp dumplings to BBQ buns to BBQ pork and roast duck...also got veggies and sweet stuff!!! Now I'm from San Francisco, so I'm used to getting great dim sum!! Since I am in Vegas I didn't expect the dim sum to be that good but boy am I surprise, it's as good as some of the places in san francisco..Four of the people in my group were dim sum rookies and they love it!!!!I have been iffy of going to a dim sum places out here in Vegas but not no more!!! Will differently return to this dim sum house when I return to Vegas!!!!
3	I'm from LA so I am use to good dim sum standards.This place is no more than a 2.5 stars in my book, but because its Vegas and there is not much competition, 3 stars fits the bill.The food was decent but definitely not great!.  We were there on a saturday noontime lunch.  The haw gow's skin rips off so easily.  The 9 veggie gow was awful looking and didn't take good.  The chicken feet was dark looking, not fresh, and didn't taste too good.  Egg custard was good,  shau mai was ok.  Their daikon cake was so so.  Shrimp fun was so-so.  This place reminded me of the Chinatown dimsum which was busy but the food was decent.  Overall, if you need a dimsum place, this is not bad.
3	The dim sum is good, but my credit card bill showed that they charged me $2 more that my husband wrote clearly with the amount (I have the receipt).  There are two same numbers in the bill, one's in cents and one's in dollars.  They only changed the one in dollars.  Don't know if it's intended or mistake.
2	We've been coming here for dim sum for years and always stop by whenever we are in Vegas. This is your typical old style dim sum joint, where the ladies are pushing the carts around circling the restaurant.  It gets really crowded especially on weekends, where its hard to find parking and the wait can be a little long.The weekdays are easier, but still gets crowded. We usually order, siu mai, beef noodles, shrimp noodles, tofu, egg tarts etc. If you see the ladies with the salt & pepper shrimp and the chow mein, dont get it unless you like cold food.  Most of the other carts have food warmers.  I had to deduct a star this time  because the shrimp was cold (yuck! ). That would be a health code violation in CA, I think.The siu mai wasnt that great this time either.  It usually is okay.Oh yeah, it gets really loud in this place, so if you are coming here for a business meeting , err dont. Unless you dont mind screaming across the table. LOL
4	I'm not a huge dim sum fan BUT I did enjoy this place.  Furthermore, it doesn't help that I'm not Chinese so all I do is point to what looks good.  Thank God I was with Tara L, whose Chinese knowledge was put to good use.  We came on a Friday morning and got a table quickly.  The ladies and their carts immediately came.  Our eyes were definitely bigger than our tummies.  Surprisingly, my favorites were 2 non-meat items: fried noodles and Gai lan in oyster sauce. Add that to my cup of hot tea, and I'm in my happy place. Yummm! Yummm! My only big complaint was that they did not have my chili oil, which gives a kick to anything that you eat here.Who would have thought that we would be eating dim sum in Vegas. HA! Maybe I could pass as a local...or not.
5	I was a first time dim sum-er?? hahaha I was so suprised by how much food and how good it was!!! We had everything from chicken feet to tofu sweet soup?? I dont know the name but it was delicious!!! I will for sure be ready for dim sum again service was great also
4	Yes, I know what you are thinking. How could dimsum in vegas be any good? or ever comparable to la dimsum. The food is just as good or better and there are more selections if you go an hour after it opens. We got there exactly when it opened and there were very few selections. After 30 minutes of eating and getting full, we were like, dam we should have came 1 hour later. Many more selections like small sizes of walnut shrimp!. (never seen that before).Service is a little iffy, but what can you expect if it is an authentic chinese restaurant. Its definatlely authentic when the server throws the dimsum we order across the table like we were playing frisbee together in the park. Overall, its a solid dim sum place and pretty dam chinese. I would recconmmend if your craving some dimsum in vegas.
4	The Dim Sum was great!  Changs really does a wonderful job.  The BBQ Pork Buns, Sticky Rice with vegetables and Mango Pudding were all very tasty.  For entrees the Kung Pao Chicken and Shanghi Noodles were spectacular.  Both the Won Ton and Sweet & Sour soups were great!
4	In the past, I've practically always gone to Orchid's Garden for dim sum, but their service lacks. They're not approachable, but over here at Chang's, it's a lot better.I haven't been here that much and I haven't been back here in awhile (haven't been eating dim sum) but I came today with a friend. I like their choice of foods, more than I did the last time. Either they didn't have it then or I never noticed it or something.I didn't have to really wait when I asked for anything this water. They were also really busy so they didn't really check up on us or anything of the like. I got all the food I wanted to eat pretty much. Next visit, I'll update and see if anything changes :). For now, 4 stars!
4	I was looking for a dim sum place while in Las Vegas and decided to check this place out after reading the reviews. I must say, I was definitely not disappointed.The dim sum selection and taste is by far the best I've ever tasted in US. It was a pity that it was just 2 of us and we could only stomach that much food. I would have loved to try more.My top top favorites:- The egg tarts (they taste just like those you'd find in HK). We had 3 plates of that and I wish I could pack to bring home but they wouldn't taste as nice then. - The soya beancurd is so smooth and the ginger taste is very subtle that blends in with the beancurd. I've tasted the soya beancurd in another restaurant and it was just too gingery. We ordered additional 2 portions to go and had them chilled when we reached home. They tasted just as great chilled & warm.- Chives dumplings were also good.I would definitely visit this restaurant when I head to LV again. Service was also decent. Carts of dim sum were being pushed around the whole restaurant.
3	went there for dim sum brunch, sat down, ordered some food, the taste of the food was ok, but the place was kind of dirty & the service was bad, no one came to clear out the empty dishes AND my son found a dead "cooked" fly in the food, brought it up to the waitress, didn't even apologize and just took away the dish, we're talking about a lawsuit there, very disappointed to how they handled the situation, you guys be the judge
2	Came here with a party of 9 around 1PM for dim sum, recommended by a family friend  that worked nearby. We were seated in a room with 3 other tables, wish we were seated in the room next door where everyone was, I like the high energy eating atmosphere. There was nothing special about this place, it was mediocre. I think this place has a good rating because it was geared towards tourist and naive dim sum eaters. I probably wouldn't come here again.  They have a small private parking lot. They include tips, barely 10% I think. Their main entrance is sort of cute, has a very classic Chinese feel to it.
4	Before spending some time at the Miracle Miles Shops, I decided to take my parents and bf out to lunch. Since I owed my dad a present from Father's Day, I let him decide on where he wanted to eat and we ended up here. We've been here numerous times before and it's how my dad developed an addiction to their chicken feet. Normally, on Tuesdays and Wednesdays it gets packed due to a lot of older Chinese folks dining here on those days( I was told those are their fave days off). But to my surprise, this place had plenty of seats available. We were seated promptly and the dim sum carts started coming by quickly. I ordered my folks some of their favorites:Shumais- before becoming a pescetarian, these were one of my favorites. From what the folks and the bf said, it's still 'the same' and its still 'good'.Pork buns- ok wtf I loved these so much that I accidentally took a bite out of one! Then I felt sick...NOT because it was bad it's bc I am not used to eating meat anymore. But from that small bite, it was still yummy! And everyone agreed.Shrimp balls on a stick?- ok these were alright. Used to be better and the lady forgot the mayo. And what's up w/ the sugar cane..they should've left it out.Beef balls- these are the bf 's fave...he said it was still 'good'Chicken feet- i didn't have to ask my dad how it tasted. He devoured it in 2 seconds and had pieces of chicken skin hanging on his mustache..you decide.Shrimp w/ crispy skin- ok I apologize for not knowing what the food is called in Chinese..anyway these are awesome.Shrimp shumais- I loveTofu dessert- Warm,not too sweet, and good!Coconut bun- Eh..it's alright.Mixed seafood shumais- Good flavor a must have.The food overall is good. The service has improved a lot(then again it wasn't busy so it might change). The only thing I don't love here is that prices seem to change quite often and it doesn't show the prices on the ticket like it used to. So you could be ordering and not realize you've spent a lot.
4	Good dim sum. Average selection with everything u would expect but nothing g to really set it a part either.
2	One of the worst dim sum places I have ever been or the only dim sum place I have ever been in Vegas. Where do I start oh yeah! they only had 2 carts rolling around at the time we went. The steamed glazed pork bun was really cold on the inside and the top part of the bun was not even that sweet. I had ate the chicken feet because my friend wanted to eat it and that was probably one of the worst chicken feet ever or I just don't like chicken feet. No hot girls pushing around the cart what kind of place is this?? Good thing there was some hot girls eating around, but they had left when we sat down so that kind of sucked.
1	I couldnt agree more with Steve N. This place is pretty horrible. It's like, they bought dim sum from CA, brought it over, froze it and now reheating to serve to us. It's hard, tastless and definitely mehhhhhh. I quote Steve N. " more like dimshit"
4	I never thought there would be full blown dim sum in Vegas, but this is it!  We stayed in Vegas for over a week and ended up going here twice for dim sum.  This place is pretty good!  They have practically everything you can imagine for dim sum (I'm not gonna go into everything they have because if you're here for dim sum, I assume you're a seasoned expert)The food is about as good as what you'd find in a good Chinatown restaurant.  I really have no complaints about the quality.  My only gripe is they charge $1 per person for tea which is absurd.  And I feel the cart pushers are a little dopey.  More than once, they would push their carts right by you without announcing what they have or stopping at your table.  It got annoying but hey, there's no such thing as good customer service with the Chinese.  They have enough parking for the size of the restaurant and each time we went there, there was no wait (we went with a party of 7).  If you love dim sum and you are in Vegas craving for it, definitely give this place a try
4	Not the best I've had anywhere but good value, very serviceable and exactly what I had in mind.  Good dim sum with most of the usual choices, although I didn't see the range of options pass by that I see at some restaurants.  The dumplings were not greasy.  A standout was the roast duck, whose skin was very crispy and the meat was thick.  I have no idea how much it cost but it was sufficient in quantity to be shared by 3 hungry male adults.Easy location near Orleans, Palms, and several timeshare properties.Bill for 5 adults and 4 children was $78.20 including tip, for eating dim sum until full but not gorging.Note: the room was warm, not nearly as hot as the 110 degrees it was outside when we visited, but not quite comfortable either, and  worthy of checking the AC system.
3	It's not the best Dim Sum I've ever had, but it's close to the Rio where we always stay. Nothing we had was bad or mediocre. It was all good. The problem I had was even at noon with a full restaurant, they didn't have a lot of variety.
1	Whoever says that this place is better than the SGV dim sum restaurants must be trully stupid or get their head bang in the shower. This place is horrendous. If you see the color of the chicken feet you  know that its not going to taste good. The rest of the food seems cooked too long and the service is slow.I mean, I understand when you go to chinese restaurant you expect the service to suck ass cos thats the way they operate, but when you have the owner operating as cashier that tell the customer to pay upfront then you should just open a to go counter instead of a full dining restaurant.If you dont know how to open a full seating restaurant, go slow, open a little to go place first!!!
4	This place is hard to write a review for. I've been debating between 3 and 4 stars for this place, but figured I would round up because I enjoy the food quite a bit.I have been here on lots of occasions over the years. Sometimes the place is hit or miss as far as service goes, but that's to be expected. I do enjoy their dim sum quite a bit. I would be inclined to believe it's actually the best dim sum in town. If you come at the right time, you don't have to wait too long for a table and they come around really quickly with their carts full of delectable goodies. My favorite dim sum items are the salt and pepper prawns, wide noodles in XO sauce, whatever the vegetable of the day is there and their desserts. Pretty much everything else is good too. Their dinner entrees are pretty good as well. They do have great food and hit or miss service, but all in all this place is a great place to check out for some delicious Chinese cuisine. Great place for large parties as well. The more people, the more you get to share and try. Yum.
4	This is pretty much the best dim sum you can get Las Vegas. I frequent here with my family and service is usually good. They have a wide variety of dim sum foods to choose from but they also have congee, you tiao, and sometimes even a small portion of fried noodles and what not. Price is also very cheap and a good atmosphere. Come early on weekends to prevent waiting in line!
4	This is the best Dim Sum I've had in Vegas, I've been to Chang's three times in the last couple of months and it's been consistently very good. The service is just ok because every time we go we have to ask for our drinks twice. But really this place is about the Dim Sum which was great, there are always carts running around packed with food. The 'cart pushers' aren't very friendly or talkative but when you point to an item they give it to you so I'm not complaining. The prices are very reasonable for a family of four.The place could use some more parking spaces because every time I've been there the lot has been full and I had to wait for somebody to leave.
4	Again tired of LV buffet and this is defnitely good alternatives. My kids tired of buffet as well so I find this place thru YELP. Their dim sum better than I expected, it's great and I saw a lot of local ppls came here to have dim sum. Tofu Flower is good dessert. Shrimp Dumpling, BBQ pork bun, stick rice are good.
4	I like this place and their food is pretty authentic. Sat/Sun 11-1 is usually their busiest time, but the wait is not bad at all. Probably 15-20 minutes? I like their beef tendon, egg tart, and tofu dessert the most. Most staff speak Chinese and they assume you do too if you look asian. Their prices are pretty reasonable, very similar to other dim sum place in town. Expect 20-25 bucks for 2 if you don't have a huge appetite.
1	Service is non-existent, rude if any and racially discriminatory. Basically if you do not look Chinese or are not Chinese the people who work here are extremely rude.My husband (1/2 Chinese 1/2 Swedish) and I (100% Chinese) came here with our son (1 year old) for an early dim sum lunch. We have been coming to Chang's since 2004 but the restaurant is now under new ownership. We experienced the WORST, actually it was NON EXISTENT service. The hostess was rude when she seated us. She brought over 2 forks, ignored me when I said we do not need them and then slammed them onto our plates and walked away.When we complained to the manager he told us the restaurant workers bring forks to Americans. This in itself is racial discrimination/profiling, seriously who doesn't know how to use chop sticks?!?!? Do Japanese restaurants bring "Americans" forks? Do Italian restaurants bring Asian customers chop sticks? When it came time to pay our bill the same hostess who seated us point blank ignored our raised bill in the air and purposely did not take it. At this point my husband walked over to her and tapped her on the back to give her the bill. She continued to ignore him and refused to turn around. He tapped her again with the bill in his had and she again ignored him. When she finally turned she looked at the bill in his hand and refused to take it, letting it drop to the floor when he handed it to her. At this point another restaurant employee came over and asked why the hostess did not take the bill. The hostess walked away and acted like it was not her job. When the other restaurant employee picked up the bill and came over to our table I asked her if the hostess is responsible for taking bills and ringing them up, she responded yes.When we complained to the owner of the restaurant he said my husband should not have tapped the hostess on the back. Uuuuummm really? How else am I supposed to get a workers attention so they can DO THEIR JOB? Instead of being apologetic or recognizing the blatant discrimination the owner and the manager of the restaurant blamed us the customers for being a problem. I will never come to this restaurant again and believe what comes around goes around. The food is mediocre at best and the service does not exist. We are from San Francisco and have never been treated in such a manner at any Chinese or Asian restaurant.
3	Exterior of this establishment is nice.  I think the timing on this visit wasn't the best as prime time.  1PM arrival and only foods that were good were the ones in the steamer.  Everything else were cold.  I know how they are like when they are fresh, but it was my friends first time having some of the dim sum.I'll have to return another time.
4	This restaurant was made for group dining. They have tables that will sit twelve comfortably and we had eleven in our gang. With a a lot of people you can order a lot of different food. We cruised through the usual dim sum dishes, sides and the more exotic like tendons, tripe, thousand year old egg soup, etc. The food was good and the experience fun. After all the food, this violation of a cardinal sin worked out with tip to just $15 a person.
4	I'm not a vegas local.. so when I first came here, I thought "WHAT?! DIM SUM IN VEGASS?!"I like this place :) Been here twice and had a good experience both times. It's not too far from the strip either -- probably like a 5 min drive. No wait in the morning, ample seating, good food, and the bill ends up being around $10/person! Good variety of food served too.
4	This place is a dim sum specialty place!1.  Parking - Private parking lot, plenty of room.2.  Ambiance - Typical chinese restaurant.  Plenty of space and tables to accomodate many of guests.3,  Service - I had to come twice as the first time the service was horrible.  I have seen returned several times and find the service to be consistently efficient.  The servers handling the cart will be happy to explain in broken english what is what.4.  Food - Awesome. Great selection, well cooked, plenty of traffic which ensures a good flow of fresh food.  They have all my favorites here and my kid's favorites as well.5.  Price - Very reasonable.6.  Cart Frequency - The movement of the cart to get what you want or to even catch them by waving is a bit off.Worth it to dome here and sample everything!
4	This was the first time that I had gotten Dim Sum in Vegas, as normally my family and I frequent buffets and other things that Vegas specializes at that my hometown of Salt Lake does not.  As dim sum offerings are not as common where I'm from, I was very surprised to find a place that would offer full cart service on a Thursday afternoon around 2 o'clock.  Win.  While this wasn't the best dim sum I've ever had, it did have a really good selection.  I didn't love the siu mai or the chicken feet, but the shrimp hargow, the baked char siu bao, and the rice flat noodle with beef and/or shrimp were very tasty.  I'm not much of a fan of fried dim sum, so I didn't really try any of those offerings, but what I did try was pretty good.  I was also pleased with the ample parking, the service (which was not that bad), and the fact that I came in with half of a party of 9 and they still insisted on seating us right when we got there.  I still have yet to try other dim sum offerings in Vegas, but this was not a bad start!
3	Love the dim sum! My usual go-to before I hit the road back home.  It is definitely authentic HK style cooking. 3 stars only because the service is quite slow, and most importantly, it opens pretty late on Sunday's, 10:30 for dim sum is comparably late.  A definite negative!
4	I've been here for dim sum one time with a large group and was pretty impressed with the quality and price here. We had about 12 people in our group and on a Sunday, this place was packed. Luckily they were able to seat our large group and we started to order away - we go the usual staples of dim sum - haw gao (shrimp dumplings), sew mai (pork dumplings), chicken feet, pork buns, and more. We must have ordered a lot since we were all stuffed by the time we finished eating, but to our surprise when we got the bill, it was only $10 a person (including tip). Definitely will have to come back again for dim sum and also try out the chinese food for dinner.
4	I love this place, they have fantastic dim sum. Every time I eat here, the servers are super friendly and very patient (I am horrible with accents). The food is always super hot and fresh. The appearance is a bit dated but they keep it very clean. I highly recommend ordering a drink because the water glasses are super small.
1	Came here on a Friday afternoon around 2... no dim sum carts..its okay..we ordered from the menu and also ordered a chow fun entree.. there were only 3 tables eating(including ours) at that time.. Food was just okay and service was horrible!!! How can you not provide service to only 3 tables in the restaurant..Don't you want to make money?  The food took a very long time, considering we ordered the most common dim sum dishes such as the shu mai, dumplings and some other plates..After our first round of dim sum orders, we asked about our chow fun.. She had no clue..because she didn't put the order in! She didn't even check up on us and our food took such a long time.  Guess this place is only good on weekends with carts or something but I will definitely NOT coming back here, there are other places around Chinatown where I would gladly eat at.
3	Average dim sum place compare to another dim sum place in new york or washington dc.
5	This is probably one of my favorite dim sum places to go in Vegas. Service is excellent, better then other dim sum places I been too. Waiters make sure you have a full set of tea or water. Servers that handle the carts are polite and give you suggestions and choices to pick. They always have a smile when they serve you. The food is delicious! They come in bigger portions then others. I always get there spare ribs and shaomai because it's delicious! And for dessert sometimes I get there coconut bread. Yummy!  And prices isn't that bad either. But yeah, great place to eat at if you are ever craving or hungry for dim sum.
1	Decent dim sum. Beware that they automatically charge you 18% gratuity if you have a large group for dim sum. What for DIM SUM ! This is unheard of. I can see if I am going to P.F. Chang but for dim sum. I have never experienced this before in all my dim sum experience around the world. I usually have dim sum in large group as this is the best way to sample all variety and have never been forced to pay a large party gratuity. Oh well, food was okay, I guess for vegas. I personally will be looking for other dim sum places to eat in vegas especially if I am going in a large group. If it was just 3-4 of us, I may consider but in principle, I will probably go somewhere else.
4	Decent dim sum in Vegas not too far from the strip.  Is it CA or NY quality dim sum, no.  But is it fairly good and reasonable?  Yes.  If you just can't seem to stave off a craving for dim sum in Las Vegas or tired of all those fancy (ie. expensive) restaurants owned by celebrity chefs, this is a good choice.The selection is pretty good, and everything was the right temperature, the hot things were hot, and the cold were cold (which is really important to me).  There can be lots of people there on a weekend lunch hour (Asians love their dim sum), but the place is pretty big, and you'll be seated fairly quickly.  This is definitely my go-to dim sum place in Vegas.
4	It's the most decent Dim Sum place in Vegas so far that I have eaten. They don't have everything like NYC or CA. But they have the popular things. The rice noodle shrimp: the skin is a bit thick and sometimes they don't de-vein the shrimps =t i think it only happen once to me.  But other then that everything else is pretty OK.Also if your a coffee person they don't serve coffee. Bring your own.
2	I was not a fan of the noisy market atmosphere the establishment carried and the food selections were very limited and pricey. An old lady kept coming around and was being extremely pushy with MANGO Pudding and would not stop bothering us until we got a bowl. I will say that the pork buns were good and the service is quick for  catering to our familie's party size (15 or more).
3	Dim sum off the strip for cheap. Give them a try.  They've been here for a while and everyone and their mom comes here to chow down.  Delicious but slow service... be prepared to wait to get seated.
2	This place is a below average dim sum place.  Maybe by Vegas standard this place is good, but by Bay Area standards, this place is crap.  It was difficult to find parking at this place; I am actually surprised by this, given that the food is not that great.  The wrapper for the Har gow was dry and tough and the Shumai just tasted ok.  The shrimp rice noodle roll was also just ok, the skin also didn't taste good.  I am probably not going to come back here.
5	Best dim sum in Vegas. Owners Leo and Helen Chang, very nice! 5 Stars! As usual Maribec had her way with Everybody! Delicious!
3	Celebrating a late Chinese New Year.This was my second time here. I was disappointed on my return trip. I thought being so close to their celebration time they would up the ante. But there didn't seem to be the same wide variety of items as my first visit. A lot of the same dishes kept making their way around the dining room. The majority of what I ate was alright. I have no idea what most of it was, but I like the mystery. The dining room is noisy but that is to be expected. There's a lot of communication difficulties, I asked for mayonnaise (of course) and she kept thinking I wanted a menu. My friend asked for chicken wings...well we all had to do the chicken dance for her to get a clue. But its a fun time. And the prices are cheap.
1	Food was horrible. Not comparable to LA. Service was even worse. No one came to get us drinks for 20mins. Wave them down but get ignored. The only somewhat good service were the dim sum cart ladies. Everyone else was rude.  I rather pay more for places on the strip.
3	The food tastes fine. I've tasted better.There was no wait but a fair amount of customers. 1pm on a Monday.Medium-sized restaurantThe normal accented english I find hard to understandMaybe 4-5 carts rolling aroundAvg pricing
4	I was in Vegas this past weekend and wanted to find a dim sum place. I looked to my handy Yelp app and found Chang's. The service was great and the food tasted really good too! I didn't expect much so I was happily satisfied. Price was reasonable. I must add, their sweet tofu dessert is probably one of the better ones I've ever had.
4	The only dim sum I have had better was in Vancouver BC, from what I've tried in Las Vegas this is your best bet for Dim Sum.P.S. its bigger on the inside than it is on the outside.
4	Wanted to have some Dim Sum for lunch.  Pulled out the handy trusty Yelp App. Decent Dim Sum.  Stopped in on Saturday for lunch.  Was very busy.  It is a good sign when you walk into a restaurant and it is full of asian people.  That means it's good.  Service was great.  The cart ladies came around all the time.  Everything we had tasted good.  Better than not having any Dim Sum at all.   Don't order the Siew Long Pau.  The skin was thick.  Save your money on something else.  They had lots of selection. 90% of everything you can find on a Dim Sum cart in asia.
4	Was on a Lil vacation stopped in for a quick lunch and was very happy with the service and the Dim Sum was very good
4	They serve the best Dim Sum in Vegas.  The food is fresh, the service is warm, the choice is big, and the price is very reasonable.  I do not go to Vegas very often, but if I go, I always have my Dim Sum there.
4	Great food  and service is not that bad. ..
3	Went last week to do a compare and contrast against various dim sum restaurants. We were seated right away and the carts came by immediately serving very tasty dishes;  The service was very attentive and the food was decent.We will return since the location is closer than our other dim sum favorite locations.Definitely worth trying.
3	This was my first ever dim sum experience, and I have to say it was pretty good.  I had no idea what to expect, but luckily I went with a friend who was very familiar with the food (and thankfully spoke Cantonese as well) - this experience easily could have been much more difficult and/or awkward going by myself.I was pretty hands off when it came to ordering and basically just ate what was put in front of me.  The char sui bao and sui mai were great and were my two favorites.  Aside from those, nothing really stood out to me as something I must try again.  The service was good and there was constantly food coming to the table, but as I mentioned before, you'll probably have a better experience if you are not a dim sum novice like myself.The price was good (aka cheap), but is not quite up to the level of what you'll find in LA - if I get the craving again for dim sum, I'll definitely go back to Chang's.
4	One of the best options for Dim Sum in Vegas.
4	Best Dim Sum restuarant in Las Vegas, cheap compared to the Strip, fresh, hot dishes, and friendly staff (especially if you speak Chinese with them, well no duh).Dim Sum - Chinese Breakfast, Lunch, BrunchI grew up with the Dim Sum push carts, so I love how they've kept this up so items arrive super hot versus having waiters/waitresses carrying them on lame trays getting cold.  Push carts are very helpful if you're a newbie at Dim Sum because the ladies will always show you what they have, just point and say Ok!BBQ Pork Steamed/Baked Bun, Char Siu Bao, Baked Char Siu Bao - must getChicken Feet with Black Bean, Fung-Tzow - it's redSpareribs in Black Bean - it's a bit oilySteamed Open-Faced Pork and Shrimp Dumplings, Siu Mai - usually a crowd pleaserShrimp Dumplings, Ha Gow - lots of shrimp wrapped in a semi-clear skinSteamed Pork Soup Dumplings, Xiao Long Bao - tasty, sometimes a bit mooshyChinese Turnip/Radish Cakes, steamed then pan-fried, Lo Bak Goh - my favoriteSteamed Glutinous Rice with Chicken, Shittake Mushrooms, and Chinese Sausage,     wrapped in leaf, Lo Mai Gai - one of the bestRice Noodle Rolls with Shrimp, Cheong Fun - best eaten fresh and with soy sauceThousand Yr Old Egg Congee, Pai Dan Jok - silky goodnessBeef Inards Stew, Gnaw Lam - one of my favorites, very tasty, relative to the menudoSteamed Brown Sugar Cake (sometimes with almonds), Ma Lai Goh - very very goodTofu Pudding with Ginger Sugar Syrup, Dao Fu Fah - silky goodness x2HK-Style Fried Soy Sauce Egg Noodles, See Yau Wong - oodles of noodlesThis is an extensive list of what's usually at my table, but it's not all of it.  Although I'm not a huge fan of trying "new" items, by all means Try EVERYTHING! (you won't know what you like until you try it, it's not like they bite)Also, I don't recommend people recovering from hangovers to come here during Dim Sum hours, the noise level is very loud and they don't serve coffee.  (Coffee makes Dim Sum tastes yucky!)
2	Don't get me wrong, food was good BUT I'm rating the service here.I don't know whether they are short staffed or just have slow staff??? Service took forever just for hot tea & water (I kept asking when it should have been automatic when you sat down), when another one finally brought those after just a minute difference of delivering to our table by another person...she seemed so pissed!  Unbelievable!!! Can't even believe her facial reaction!The table next to us were also waiting for a long time (10 mins since we got there) just for the to-go containers for their leftovers & their check.  And I thought it was just us...HA!They are short of carts...while other dim sum places have double amount of carts servicing the floor to avoid the wait, they need to double up their service carts.  You will have consumed almost all of your food before you get to see the next cart (even if you have at least 4 short orders to feast on, providing you are a party of 2).I might or might not come back here to give it another chance (not too soon)....but definitely not desperate yet, there are other dim sum places in the city most especially if you are or can drive to chinatown and discover new places there.
4	Solid Dim Sum place.  Nothing fancy, but good reliable Dim Sum.  It can get very busy on the weekend so get there early.  One caveat, they have a small side room with a couple of tables in it.  Try not to get seated in there.  It appears the cart goes there last so the food might be sold out or less fresh.
4	A wise man once told me "When you go to a Chinese restaurant, lower your expectation for service." This is true 99% of the time. Chinese restaurants are just notorious for their horrid service. However, Chang's service is not bad at all. The food here is equally as good as Cathay House, but I definitely have to say the service here is slightly better. There's no question about the quality of food at  both restaurants. They're both great in taste. They won't serve you cold food, the food gets to you at a decent speed, and the best thing is some of the waiters/waitresses actually know some English! So if you're on the edge of picking between Cathay House and Chang's, I'd say its worth going a little bit out of the way for it.All in all, this would be my ranking for dim sum restaurants in Vegas.1.Chang's2.Cathay House3.Orchid Garden (worst one in town in my opinion)DISCLAIMER: I am not saying this place has excellent service; merely that the service is actually existent and not horrible.
4	My husband and I went here with a chinese friend which helped as this was our first experience with dim sum.  The thing that struck me the most was the wonderfull service!  Our drinks were filled promptly upon becoming half empty.  They were constantly bringiing the carts around without being pushy.  Our friend ordered for us and I loved everything except the short ribs.  A little too shy on meat and flavor.  The chinese brocolli was divine.  He got us a desert that looked like an almond cookie on top but was shaped kind of like a cream puff.  It had a custard pudding inside that was very carmely!  Awesome.  Will go again when our friend takes us or if we get the nerve to try and order ourselves.
3	New prices for dim sum are posted by cashier. Went up about 35 cents. Rice is $1.50 for a small bowl. Over all a good spot for vegas dim sum. Don't plan on going anywhere after though, we smell like food and the gas that fuels the carts. ;)
3	You know... really not bad for a dim sum place. I didn't have high expectations, especially being slightly outside of Chinatown, but really, most of the dishes were good and they had a decent variety. Service left something to be desired, but I suppose that's any Chinese place even in the bay area. Price was reasonable, and it satisfied my dim sum craving.
4	Food taste so fresh! Shrimp fried rice is amazing!
4	I really hate going to chinese restaurants because of horrible service. But i really love the food in changs.. daily for lunch they have the DIM SUM CARTS rolling around,. I must say its freaking good! love the hagaw and shumai.. This is a must eat place for Dim SUM! never really treid the regular menu because i only come here for the Dim Sum. I highly reccomend it for a casual lunch or a business lunch.
4	We have to come here for dim sum every time we're in town, and again, we're not disappointed. They offered push cart service with all your basic dim sum like Har Gau, Shu Mai and Chan Fun. Did not found anything we didn't like, all were seasoned just right. Service was good and the push carts were kept fresh. They offer dim sum seven days a week. Be back next time.
4	Good dim sum, decently priced, variety is not too extravagant, but the basics are covered and done well. Only a couple carts that keep coming around, but they are always restocked nicely.
4	service actually existed here! lol and they didn't charge us for tea!  I asked before I ordered it!  and I thought everything we ordered was good except for the custard bun which was way too runny so they took it off our check which is unheard of in Chinese restaurants!  loved that it's so close, only a few minutes from our hotel on the strip. it wasn't crowded at all but busy.  it was Thursday lunch.  the place is clean and the wait staff were all nice. there was one cart lady that was a little pushy w/ selling her stuff & menu items but she's just doing her job, she wasn't rude or anything just pushy.  for 9 dishes we paid $33 for 2 people. we'll be back when back in Vegas. I like this place way better than Orchids!
4	Much was said about the service (or lack thereof), and while it turned me off while waiting half an hour for our orders, the quality of food is unbelievably outstanding that my initial 2 star rating was instantaneously bumped to a 4. That's how good this restaurant is. Braised sea bass with tofu, are you kidding me? Soooo delicate & exquisitely prepared. The pan fried Singapore noodles was also a hit, just the right mix of authenticity and yumminess to the untrained palate. This place calls for a repeat!
2	The dim sum is just average at best. I am chinese so I know dim sum! It doesn't compare to a San Fran or NY or even my local Oriental East in the DC area.  I wasn't expecting much from the other reviews, but thought I would give it a chance.  The decor is lacking any luster very dated and needs renovation quick!
4	This is our 2nd day in a row here, 1st was dinner and next day was Dim Sum.  The food is very good for Hong Kong style cuisine and Dim Sum, I would highly recommend it for anyone looking for real Chinese food and Dim Sum.
2	Chang's has gone a little downhill recently.  I have gone there for many years, and enjoyed it, but lately they have had a change of staff and the ladies with the carts are really pushing the food on you.  Literally putting it on the table as you are saying NO!  I have heard that the ladies are now on commission so, if true, that could be the reason.  Also, Chang's has raised their prices significantly.  To me, Orchid Gardens is a much better bet and they have a bigger selection of dim sum rotating throughout the restaurant most times.
4	Nice Dim Sum restaurant. Will visit again.
5	the best dim sum anywhere!
4	food is pretty good and service is fast.
4	Greatest Dim Sum in Las Vegas.  The varieties are great and the service is fast and friendly.  Prices are very reasonable.  Lots of parking available in their lot.
5	I just went to Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine.And I must say that I haven't ate Dim Sum in 6 months since I came to America as an exchange student. And I LOVE the food.I feel like I'm back home in Hong Kong when I'm in this Restaurant. The Service is good and fast like in Hong Kong.So it's definitely a 5 Star Restaurant
3	While I love dim sum, Chang's didn't stand out anymore than the others.  It was good dim sum, but I had to reduce it down to three stars for service.  We came on Christmas Eve morning and there were about 8-10 tables filled.  Even then, service began to suck.  The hostess never brought my coke that I asked for, TWICE!  The carts were very, very, very slow.  Like us, there were several others eating a couple of items and then sat and waited for another cart to come by.  Tables began to fill up quickly.  They were way understaffed.  The hostess was doing it all, seating, getting drinks and utensils, and taking the checks.  Carts would disappear into the other room and we looked around for a cart.  There was no cart in the main dining room!  That's just ridiculous.  We felt that there was no organization at all.  In the end, we just wanted to leave since nothing else was happening.  Our check just took forever to come.Two days later, we went to have dim sum again but at Orchids.  See my review there.  Since I come out to Vegas quite often, I might consider coming here again.
4	Dim sun Heaven!!!!. There were carts after carts of dim sum goodness! There were things I love....har gow, shu mi, dumplings.....things I never seen...Chinese churro, cucumber salad, seaweed salad , tendon salad...and much more.It for sure gets busy but I will be back time and time again.
3	Dim Sum for breakfast...I remember my buddy having his wedding reception here so we gave it another shot.  Food was good, not great.  salted shrimp - favorite dish eaten.  Once you start chomping on these things, its hard to stop.  Well, maybe the warning sign from your greasy fingers will make you stop, but these things are damn tasty.  Best I've ever had.All the shrimp dishes were great.  Har Gow, shumai, rice noodle roll thing.Chicken feet - not one of my favorite foods in the world, and I was reminded why.  But if its your thing, my friend seemed to enjoy it.Egg custard - great!Steamed egg cake - also great!All in all, not bad.  But maybe next time we'll take a chance on those other restaurants near the massage parlors.
5	I could've sworn I wrote about this place already...It's one of my fav Chinese spots in town.I was very wary coming here because it was deserted. I actually thought they were closed the first time. The crazy part is that the dining room is pretty big but don't be surprised if you are the only one there. Normally this is a very bad sign that the restaurant is awful but I took my chances and I'm glad I did.They have some off the wall plates and I was in a daring mood so I decided to try the Bird's Nest. Sounds crazy but it's just seafood and veggies in a chow-mein-ish bowl. The chow-mein/noodle is made into a dried cracker bowl and the seafood just sits inside it. Just in case this was a bust we ordered a "safe" dish in orange chicken.The food was amazing. The Bird's Nest was very enjoyable and fun to eat! The bowl soaks in the seafood juicies and the crunchy bite into the chow-mein is so satisfying. The orange chicken tastes really good but not over the top with flavors. They give you a ton of rice + hot tea so I really enjoyed the service.I don't know how they stay in business when they are empty all the time. I've been there three times now and the most I've seen is 1 table besides us. I've been thinking...Perhaps this is a secret hideout for the local Chinese gang and there is a basement beneath the kitchen where the mob players poker, sip on tsing tao and plot their next big heist. The whole restaurant is just a front for their scheme. Hmm, maybe but I could care less. HA! I will be returning in the near future.
4	Just wanted to start off my saying I'm usually not a huge fan of Dim Sum since everything is super oily and isn't fresh. However, Chang's was a pleasant surprise. They serve the usual dishes all chinese dim sum restaurants offer with the exception of their dessert buns and oh were they good. I dont know what you call them in english but essentially they were white buns with the yellow sugar filling. That is the main reason why we'll be coming back. The other dishes were better than average and I didn't get a nauseous feeling after eating.  Maybe I finally found a chinese restaurant that did it right!
4	We visit this restaurant every time we are in Las Vegas.  It may be on Decatur, but the drive will not prevent us from tasting great Dim Sum.  This is Chinese fast food at it's best.  We were a party of 4 and had a great meal within 30 minutes.  The price is right.  You need to be careful, this is not a well kept secret.  If you get there at the wrong time, just the wait is 90 minutes.  Be prepared, people will wait to eat there.
2	Not good to have your party.You had to constantly tell the servers to bring the food in.. No initiative! Rice came after the food! Owners doesn't care if the party needs anything. The server brought some disposable plates for the cake that we brought in. I then asked for ceramic plates then the server asked why not the disposable? Not coming back to hold for parties.
1	The food was nothing special. It was good, but nothing out of the ordinary. The reason behind the 1 star rating is not the unremarkable food or even the poor, slow service we experienced. It wasn't the fact that the cashier was unprofessional and stuffing his face behind the counter while wiping his mouth with his hands in between transactions. It's the fact that their restrooms are so dirty it makes me worry about the cleanliness if the kitchen. If they're willing to let their patrons see mold growing in around the sink counters, garbages overflowing with paper towels, and used toilet paper strewn all the floors then what kind of standards of cleanliness could they possibly adhere to in the kitchen? I wish I would have made a stop in the restroom before I started eating... If I had then I wouldn't have even given their food a chance! Skip Chang's until they can clean the place up!
4	Pretty good Dim Sum menu.  Best to go between 11am to 1pm for the best and freshest selection.  Prices are fair.
5	visiting Vegas and was tired of the overpriced strip restaurants so decided to yelp a chinese restaurant off strip and am really happy to have found Changs.  The restaurant was empty I have no idea why because the food was amazing, fresh and tasty. Our server was friendly helpful and kept our water and tea full. we had the vegetable spring rolls, honey walnut shrimp, orange chicken, spicy shrimp and chicken fried rice.  I will come back here the next time I'm in Vegas and for any out of towners it is really easy to get to by car
4	Baboy had been talking about this place for dim sum for a MINUTE! We finally got a chance to come here and indulge. Honestly, dim sum tastes the same to me wherever I eat it. Some things might stick out once in a while but other than that it's all the same to me. This was a good spot to dine though and we got in before the rush so we were lucky with that.
4	This place was surprisingly good.   I was not expecting much, and thus I was happy with both the service and the food.  Good place to go.   Not the best, but good.
3	I was a little hesitant to go in to the restaurant when I pulled in to the parking lot and it was almost empty on a Wednesday morning.  By 1130, the restaurant was hopping and I felt better that there were others enjoying their Dim Sum.  This restaurant was located on S Decatur Blvd between W Harmon Blvd and W Tropicana Blvd in Las Vegas.I asked for the Hot Chili Pepper Oil and an older gentleman brought me a small dish.  I actually prefer this to the communal container which is traditionally on the table.There were 4 dishes that really stood out here:Sticky Rice in Lotus Leaf: There were large chunks of Chinese Mushoom, Chinese Sausage, and Shrimp.  The filling wasn't all ground up.  This has been the best "Chinese Tamale" so far out of the 4 Dim Sum Houses I have tried in Las Vegas.BBQ Pork Pie:  The 3 triangular pies were large and so flaky.  I loved the glistening of the egg wash.  The BBQ pork was sweet with large chunks.  My husband would love these.Baked Sweet Custard Bun:  The outside was crusty, the bun was so soft.  The custard was thick and a little on the sweet side.Baked Custard Tarts:  Light flaky crust, creamy custard.  Good sized.Everything else was average.The Shrimp Rice Noodle had 2 rolls with a total of 6 good sized shrimp.  The server cut the rolls into 6 pieces and poured a sweet soy sauce over the noodles.  There were no scallions or anything in the rolls besides the shrimp.The 4 Siu Mai had pale orange eggs on top and were luke warm coming from a steaming cart.  Perhaps yesterday's leftovers?The 4 Har Gow had a very delicate outer noodle.  It tore as I tried to pick up a dumpling.  There were whole pieces of shrimp with chopped bamboo shoots.The 3  Deep-fried glutinous rice dumpling with pork (Haam Sui Gau): were okay, but not outstanding.  They were warm, not hot.I asked a server for the Don Tot (Baked Custard Tarts).  She said maybe later.I did not see any Shark Fin Dumpling or Steamed Pork Ribs in Black Bean Sauce.There was a young boy going around refilling tea.  My empty plates were cleared frequently.  The service was better here than at other Dim Sum Houses.  There were a few English speaking people like the young girl who brought me the Sticky Rice with Lotus Leaf.As I went up to the cash register to pay, a server brought me a tray of Don Tot.  I bought one order which had the usual 3 pieces.I will be back.
2	Came here for dim sum to cure that hangover from last night. Pretty much your standard dim sum place, has everything from siu mai, shrimp rice noodles, har gow, etc. I didn't really find these outstanding. I've had better.We came pretty early before the rush, so it was pretty dead. Service was good. Although when I asked for chili pepper sauce they gave a tiny sauce plate.
4	I brought friends from LA here for breakfast because they were craving dim sum.  I loved it!  The service was great and the staff was friendly.  The shrimp dumplings were fantastic, but my favorite was the Gai-LAN (Chinese broccoli). It was PERFECTLY cooked tender crisp.  It was a large amount as well and I couldn't stop eating it, which was great because it was the healthiest thing we ordered by far.  The only thing is I tried to take a co-worker friend after school at 3:30 and dim sum was over.  The website says dim sum goes until 5:00.  We ordered entrees that were still very good, but I was a little disappointed dim sum was over.  Other than that, the place is fantastic.
4	Service was excellent. Our tea and water was refilled all the time,never had to waive at the servers to get their attention. And the only Chinese restaurant Ived ever been too that servers smiled and was very nice lol.
3	Dim Sum isn't something I often do in Vegas, let alone eat. In an effort to enjoy all that the city has to offer, I found myself here at Chang's one recent weekend afternoon, with the hope of scoring something delicious. What I had found was what I expected all along: an average run of the mill "yum cha" experience.It's not entirely their fault, after all Las Vegas isn't overrun with a Chinatown that isn't filled with seedy adult joints and gringofied Chinese spots without the support or demand of a larger community. Hence, the exterior gives away the experience ahead of time: a semi-cheesy palatial looking front coupled with a retro sign that screams Chinese Americana from decades before.Inside the Dim Sum scene is within the typical banquet hall, with a few carts that make their rounds, usually a couple with steamed dishes and the others with more fried pastries and desserts. Once we saw the same 4 carts that approached the table and very few staffers with special dishes to give out, the experience and variety is going to be limited.Everything from the steamed to the fried was bland. My beloved shrimp dumplings (har gow) needed some serious hot sauce before I could rip them from their mini bamboo baskets, even when the rice shell is dry and falling apart. The same could be applied to the fried pork dumplings (ham sui gok), which all of its glutinous glory was puffy and thick, but unfortunately was lacking on the pork part, skimpified on the guts side. All of the rice noodle wraps / crepes (cheurng fun) all needed some sweet soy sauce help before consumption, though the same can be said about the lo mai gai, siu mai, and fish + meat ball (ngau yuk yuen / lang yu kau).A surprisingly decent dish? The stir fried rice noodle with sesame seed. Soaked in soy sauce, topped with a sprinkling of sesame seed and peppers, it was surprisingly flavorful and light. It was fragrant and the texture was silky smooth. It piques my curiosity for their other non-cart noodle dishes. To no one's surprise, it falls in the special price column on the Dim Sum receipt.
4	You're seated.Within moments, a push cart wheels to your table, it's over-grinning driver sporting one of those big toothy smiles. Not speaking, he nods his head, implicitly saying; "You try Dim Sum?What the fuck, right? I don't know dog shit from apple butter about this type of food. Why not, I reason. I load up anything that remotely appears to have beef peering through its doughy cocoon. Some of it tasty. Some, not very. Who cares. This is an experiment in eating as far as I'm concerned.The tray comes around on timed intervals (it seems), only, the second time, I lose track of my first-round selections. I needed a plan. Methodically, I started at one end of the cart, sampling one of everything. Five rounds later, I'd had enough.I spit half the shit out in my napkin. (Anthony Bourdain I'm not). The stuff that WAS good, was really good. Only I forgot which pieces were repeaters. This shit is really confusing for a Dim Sum novice.The desserts were tasty too, but I can't tell you what I ate. It was sweet with a weird texture.This was an exceptional experience I will repeat, but I'm going to have to be severely fucked-up before doing so. Smiling cart driver, with all his head bobbing had me fantasizing I was a turn of the century railroad magnate, surrounded by my Coolie workers.
3	tl;dr DO NOT come after regular dim sum hours (after 2:30PM)! Service is HORRID during this time, but great dining experience during normal lunch hours.Just came here again after usual dim sum hours. The place was a ghost town. After my last experience, I can definitely understand why.I came here with my girlfriend's family and we were the only party there. To put it mildly, our party wouldn't be one a waiter would like to deal with. HOWEVER! It is still a waiter's duty to satisfy the customer! The moment my girlfriend and I arrived, her family was already there with her little 10 year old sister crying because she wanted to eat KFC for her birthday. Rather than alleviating the situation into something funny, the ONLY waiter working just kept giving our table glares. We were then given menus to write what we would like to have ordered.I understand in regular dim sum you would receive your food whenever the carts get to you; however, if you I am ordering all at once for someone in the kitchen to make it, I hardly understand why my food would come out in 5 minute spans of each other. I found that strange and bad pacing of my meal. Our food was coming out slow, so I asked the waiter if our baked BBQ pork buns were still coming out. He then rudely claimed that he told us that he had no pork buns. In an ideal world, the waiter should have simply said "sorry, we have no pork buns today" and if I were to argue with him, then he could've justified acting defensive. Either way, he still didn't say that they were out of pork buns, but I digress... The experience then went sour when little sister dropped her glass and then future-mom-in-law drops her glass. The waiter completely avoids the situation cleaning other tables from afar. He never once came to our table and say "don't worry, we'll take care of that." These guys then lost their tip when the cashier said "boy, your party sure was loud" as we were paying for our meal. I understand that my party wasn't the best behaved at this meal; however, the guys working the later afternoon shift (after 3PM) need to learn customer service!However the food was good, so we still left a 5% tip. -5% for bad service and -5% for bad management. I definitely have to come here one more time during normal dim sum hours to get a more accurate review.In contrary to my last review my new dim sum places are now:1. Cathay House (service improved)2. Chang's (service seemed to have worsened during after hours)3. Orchid Garden (STAY AWAY)
4	Pretty good service which is a little surprising. Dim sum was really good. Nice new find from our usual place Orchid garden.
5	Damn this place is good. It's one of the best dim sum places that I've been too, and yes it's located in Las Vegas, Nevada. Apparently Las Vegas has a lot of Asians because there's a pretty expansive China Town that we saw as we made our way to the Strip. We had landed, picked up our rental and immediately made our way here for Dim Sum on a Sunday. The place was decently sized and wasn't overcrowded.The food was really good, particularly the fried shrimp balls, which is my favorite dim sum item. As a bonus, it came with this mayo sauce that usually accompanies fried shrimp wontons, which was also delicious. We got too many items for me to list but overall, try as much food as you can because it was all tasty!An added bonus was the price: $70 for 5 people, and we were all stuffed and satisfied. Usually we're spending $50-60 on 4 people and we're still left hungry after eating at the dim sums in Dallas. Definitely eat here!
3	DIM SUMThe dim sum here is good and super cheap. Three of us ate to our hearts content for about $25 with about 10 things off the cart and sodas. We even took some of the dishes to go. EGGPLANT SHRIMP is delicious. RICE ROLLS WITH SHRIMP and PONZU SOY SAUCE. We ordered two of those dishes, it was so good.  SERVICESucks. It took me 10 minutes AFTER the food was on our table for her to bring the spicy mustard...and we asked for it the minute we sat down.
4	The dim sum is pretty good. MSG was not heavy, no massive frontal headache.
5	Best chinese food in town!!! I love their food! Mongolian beef is exceptionally good!!!!
5	After having been introduced to Dim Sum by my 17 year old niece this Summer I decided to try another Dim Sum /Chinese cuisine restaurant. I tried this one because its close to our new shop we opened and I wanted to place a take out order.  I have to say that I am very impressed as to how fresh the Chinese food taste and how awesome and also fresh their dim sum taste!! Wow!!  Am definitely hooked with this restaurant!  (=
2	It's been a while since I've been here. Walked in the door and they started to speak  English to me.... that's odd. Then we sat down.... they brought us forks...... what the hell is going on? We never get forks, who the hell uses forks? So now they assume everyone doesn't know Chinese and uses forks? I was really offended by the forks.   Looked around, I see people with forks, sodas, cold water glasses, hot mustard, tables with no tea, and people actually ordering the plates of noodles (the stuff you never buy at dim sum.) Not to sound racist but I saw mostly white and Filipino people in here. Maybe some Hawaiians. I felt like the only Chinese. Did not hear anybody say Jo-san.  What the hell is going on? There are a lot of non-Chinese yelping going on too. Lot's of 5 stars, that's weird. You know if a Chinese restaurant is good if there are bad ratings for things like:-rude dim sum cart ladies-or they forgot my water,-or they forgot my hot mustard, -they don't have orange chicken-they don't speak english-there's leaves in my tea-they circle dishes of food around my face saying, "you want this teriyaki bullshit on plate?" Really forks?
3	Chang's is probably one of the oldest Dim Sum joint in town.  They seem to have more local customers than tourists here, and I usually only came here when I meet up with friends that live locally.  Parking can be very limited during the weekend lunch hour.   Wait time seems to inevitable during those time as well. Price wise is slightly lower than the ones closer to the Strip, but so does their quality.  Some of the dim sum felt like a hit or miss, but still better than ones I had back at my home state and some place in town.  The dishes here were not as good as I had in other Chinese places as well.  Aside from listening in on other Chinese gossiping dramas for entertainment, the cheap Dim Sum is all they have to offer here.  We received the usual poker face style Chinese services, and added entertainment from staffs gossiping about their management.
4	Yum! Love me some dim sum. We've been here a few times and their dim sum is always fresh and delicious. I don't remember all the names of the items, but some of the usual suspects are pork hash, char siu bau, shrimp balls, tripe, bean curd, taro puffs, scallop rolls...and many more. Everything I've had was tasty and nothing to complain about. The service is hit and miss though. You have to ask for refills and small things like utensils and hot sauce. Sometimes the staff can come off rude but I don't pay much attention unless someone is blatantly yelling in my face. The interior is a bit outdated and not the cleanest, and parking can be tough during the lunch rush. Overall I would visit again while vacationing in Vegas.
3	Went with coworkers yesterday. We ate everything!!! Food was good and carts came by quite often. With auto grat we paid $17 each. Think this is slightly more than I've usually spent at dim sum places, but by only a couple of bucks at most. You have all your typical dim sum choices. Nothing really stood out to me. A negative is that no one came by to refill our water cups. That was disappointing. Other than that, it was a good meal.
2	This was a great place to have dim sum, since they have changed chefs it hasn't been the same for me. My kids even noticed the difference with the food. The price is still lower than most places, but quality is not the same.
4	The best dim sum I've had in Vegas, hands down. We found this place from other Yelp users.  And thank goodness. We had all the regular dim sum fare, and I can say that everything was flavorful. All the things that were supposed to be crispy, were.  And everything that was supposed to be soft and chewy, was. We will definitely be coming back on our next Vegas trip.
4	Good dim sum! Highly recommend ! We went there and had dinner too, real Cantonese food ! And it's not expensive , reasonable prices.
3	I have a very soft spot for Chang's. My family and I have had many great gatherings here throughout the years. The food is also pretty good, especially the dim sum. Other favorites are the salt and pepper squid and their crispy seafood noodles.However, the reason why I'm taking a star off is that their service is pretty terrible. For example, the last time we were there, the server took forever to take our orders, didn't say a word to us when we were giving him our order, and just slammed the food on our table and walked away. My mom and I pretty much just had to laugh it off because it was that bad.Other than that, Chang's is pretty good. We'll be back in the future because it's one of our staple places. And because that crispy noodle is pretty freakin' good.
4	3.75 Stars!During our 3 night stay in Vegas, we decided to try Chang's HK Cuisine for their dim sum based on their Yelp reviews.  We were expecting a wait since it was a Sunday at lunch, but there wasn't a wait.The restaurant was about 75% full when we arrived for lunch.  We were immediately seated and the women pushing the carts started coming by our table.  We got some of our favorites - BBQ pork bun, siu mai, shrimp rice noodle, and sesame balls.  All were fairly good, but the one dish they didn't have was my favorite - shrimp dumplings (har gow).  I really wanted to try har gow at Chang's, but every time I asked a woman, she said she didn't have it.  Chang's goes on the tiered pricing model, so some dishes are more expensive than others.  Most places in Los Angeles are like this too, which is why I love Ocean Star because they have a flat pricing schedule.The food was good at Chang's and about the same as other dim sum places I've tried in the Vegas Chinatown area.  The best thing about Chang's was we didn't have to wait for a table!We got four dishes and the bill came out to around $16.00.  Please see my pictures.Xie Xie!
3	(3.4 star) In Las Vegas when you think about dim sum you think about Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine, well Chang's and maybe 2 or 3 other places. It is a popular place for dim sum and has been around for years. Chang's was actually my first real dim sum experience, sure I've had the various dim sum items before but I never eaten in the "dim sum" environment where an old little Asian lady goes around pushing her cart offering food served from steamer containers until Chang's.Nothing I've had wowed me to point of shouting "OH THIS IS THIS BEST THING EVER!" but majority of what I've had were delicious with some meh items. They have all of my favorites. You have to either like or dislike dim sum to eat at a dim sum place and I'm in the middle. I like eating dim sum items but don't like eating at time dim sum places. I'll eat or try almost everything they have to offer except the weird stuff. It's kind of hard to keep track of what you've eaten until the end because they'll come around fast with multiple carts and containers, they'll show you various items, and you just say that you want it or not. It's easy to get carried away. There will be containers on the table and you won't remember what they are, surprise.Overall I don't think it's the best "dim sum" experience you can have in Vegas but I'll probably be back just for the food. It's spacious but can fill up, reasonably priced but can really add up if you want to eat a lot, clean but not so clean, it's old and does look like it needs work. They're friendly and fast but nothing out of the ordinary.
5	Always a required stop in Las Vegas.  Either coming into town or leaving.  The Dim Sum is without equal.  Be careful, it gets very crowded FAST but it worth the wait if you must.On equal footing with Yank SIng in San Francisco. . . perhaps with fewer special plates - but less expensive as well.Will be back, next time in Las Vegas
2	The food may be good, but be warned: THEY HAVE NO AIR CONDITIONING. Yes, folks, that's right -- in Las Vegas, Nevada (a.k.a the desert) they have no a.c.  By choice.  We asked if the a.c. was broken.  Nope.  Not broken -- nonexistent, they said.  Although, since no one there really speaks English, it's possible they have it but simply choose not to use it.  We went there to eat in December and it was 49 degrees outside. But, inside this restaurant it was easily over 80 degrees from all the people and the heat from the kitchen.  The few ceiling fans only pushed the hot air around.So, if you have low tolerance for heat and stifling stuffiness, avoid this place.If you like getting a free sauna while eating, then have at it!
4	It's gotten better. Food has almost come back to what it use to be. Service is better than most. They now offer hot pot, I'll be back for that. Dim sum wise, this place is back on the list for me and the foodie kids.
2	I've eaten plenty of dim sum in my life and this place fell so short of my expectations. It was a Sunday morning and they has just opened up. Ha gow were tiny and skimpy on the shrimp. The dim sum tasted like leftovers from the day before and wasn't fresh. Besides the disappointing quality - there was a very small selection to choose from for a Sunday. The service was so so and the prices were high for the quality of food received.I wouldn't even think about coming back here in the future.
4	I was super grumpy and starving the morning (really early afternoon) we went here. I was prepared to hate it. I didn't.Service was fast.. they had me gnawing on duck bones and slurping up dumplings with in 3 min of walking in the door! They have some of the best egg tarts I have eaten in this hemisphere. This is a pretty traditional Chinese place, not much English is spoken, the good thing is for Dim Sum Brunch, they bring around a cart, and you point to what you want to eat and chances are it will be good. Dim Sum is good. Chang's is good. Eat here.
4	Good morning dim sum!  Good place to eat out in LV.  I love that they have push carts.  Don't like ordering off the menu.  I'm a visual person so was a score.  Definitely come here again.
4	Really good dimsum for a really good price if you're ever in Vegas and looking for some dimsum. They got a good amour of selections there as well
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE  - MANAGERS DON'T HONOR RESERVATIONSI love Dim Sum and Chang's used to be one of my favorite in town, but I will never go there again.  Weeks before my birthday I made a reservation for my party in the small room.  I watched the reservation written down by David and was confirmed for a small family party.  Just to be sure, I came in 6 days before the party and was again assured that my reservation was all set.We came in today for the party and David, the same guy that took my reservation, claimed that we had no reservation.  The story continued to change (that we needed a deposit; That we had not confirmed that reservation - basically lying).  The manager, David is a sneaky, slimy piece of work.After enough yelling, David inconveniencing my family, and ruining my birthday party - we were moved into the room.  He was incredibly rude to my mother, who showed up 15 minutes earlier than I had and never said sorry to me.  long story short: I went above and beyond to confirm my reservation and the managers at Changs lied point-blank and were rude and slippery.  Don't go there - the food wasn't even good today - you are better off at Orchid Gardens.
1	I really wish our experience here had been as good as we've read in the reviews. We came at a later time, so we weren't expecting anything amazing. They seemed mildly inconvenienced by us, and the food was extremely sub-par as dim sum goes. It was heartbreaking, because the pictures look wonderful! Nothing we had looked like that. The menu was not even close to what the menus photo'd look like. We went to Ping Pang Pong the following day and were relieved to have a far better experience.
2	Just another average dim sum place, nothing too fancy or special. We came during a weekday so there was plenty of seats but I heard it gets insanely pack during the weekends. Service was quick but then again there wasn't too many patrons to serve. The dim sum was just average to me. I've had better.
3	I will recommend this to anyone who wants a familiar taste and a break from big portioned Las Vegas food and buffet...
4	Came to this place solely based on many positive reviews for some good "Dim Sum." Everything we ordered was authentic except the fried egg rolls. It didn't have enough meat in it to make it a traditional egg roll.The only draw back is the location, as it is not located near Chinatown and retail shops area. Otherwise, I give this a thumb's up!
5	Yum dim sum ...when it's not busy all is 5 star! Yum yum dim sumTry it on a Sat 130pm ...worked for me A+
3	pretty good, the eggtarts are bomb, service was good. typical dim sum place, gets the job done
4	I think this place is on point, for Dim Sum that is.  They had all of our favorites readily available as soon as we sat down, that's awesome. I've been to a few places where they serve Dim Sum and some of the food on the carts are cold.  Also at other places, when you are slowing down, they still try to give you more Dim Sum.  I did not get that here.  Jesse N and I got so carried away that we did spend a little too much between the two of us, hahaha.  We are not complaining because that happens to us a lot because we want to be able to try everything we can.  The service here was great, they cleared our plates quick.  When they saw that we needed takeout boxes, they had them handy on the cart already!  This place seems to get pretty busy, so you may end up waiting, but I will say it is definitely worth it.
3	4 star quality of food and 1 star service - kind of spotty. We got there as soon as it opened at 1030am and it was fairly empty but filled up by the time we started eating. The "head waitress" (I imagine bc she had a fancy white shirt as opposed to a regular shirt that the cart ladies were wearing) was a complete BEEYOTCH! I asked her what comes in the "combination noodles" and she responded - it could be chicken it could be any kind of meat. Uhm, this of all places should NOT be a place where you say it could be anything. Hold the cat yes ?! The cart pushing ladies were much nicer, although very hard to understand. Prices are fantastic - four of us ate loads of dim sum for $70 and it was all very tasty from the crystal dumplings to the shrimp balls and the siu mai pork dumplings.
3	I love quick and easy dim sum. I went out by myself to explore the Chinatown that Vegas had to offer. After looking up some dim sum spots I decided to go with Changs. I was not disappointed nor thoroughly excited.The variety of food definitely hit the spot. The quality was probably on par with anything I've had on the East Coast, it was authentic and well priced.Vegas' Chinatown had nothing really going for it, but the cheap eats were delicious and great.
3	It's really really hard to find quality dim sum in Las Vegas' I'm used to Vancouver, BC where top Hong Kong chefs make their home. However, Chang's is pretty good - with a good selection of harder to find dishes without paying ridiculous Las Vegas Strip or hotel prices.  It's crowded primarily on weekends - mostly come during weekday lunches - haven't  tried their "dinner" specials though.
4	I've been to a few dim sum places in Las Vegas but I think this one exceeds the quality of the other places I've been to. Checked it out with my girlfriend after our sudden craving for dim sum. In comparison:East Ocean: Not as expensive as this place.  There are more than 2 carts going around serving you foodHarbor Palace:  This place is really dirty.  Food seems like its been hanging out in the cart all day and the service isn't that great.The staff was very friendly.  Food is constantly being regulated throughout the restaurant and they offer all the delights of a standard dim sum (shu mai, chicken feet etc...) Food highlights:  1. The pork belly is an absolute must get, I kid you not. This exceeds any pork belly i've gotten at goyemon, AYCE kbbq and lechon at the several filipino parties i've been to.  The skin is deep fried to utter perfection while the meat is juicy and very tender.2. Deep fried shrimp balls with the sweet mayo3. The duck was very good but a little on the saucy side4. Chicken feet was delicious.  Plenty of cartilage to suck on Service:A lot of the staff speak 0 english.  Even if you have dark skin, pale skin or blue skin, they will talk to you in chinese.  Staff is very friendly and anyone is willing to stop what they are doing to see what you need.Overall, a great dim sum spot in Las Vegas without compromising your wallet or food quality
3	My friends, my family, and I have frequented Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine for dim sum for as long as I could remember. When my family wants dim sum, this is the place to go. When my friends want dim sum, this is the place to go. However, after being away from Vegas for the past 3 years, things have drastically changed. I'm not sure if it's because of my taste buds or perhaps with other dim sum places popping up, such as KJ Kitchen at Rio....things have changed at Chang's.Quality certainly has gone downhill. The service, on the other hand, I have seen no changes. It's still just like any other Chinese place where it's hard to find anyone to help you when you need it. My family and I came here for lunch this past Sunday and I must say, it was very disappointing. Half of the food that we wanted weren't readily available -- they were making it in the back. Some of them came out and some just were never ready. There used to be a lot more carts going around but now it's been reduced to about 3-4 different cards. It also used to be a whole lot more busy here so I assume because of the lack of business, they no longer have that many carts going around. The food? Not memorable at all. AT ALL. Some of it was kind of gross .. even for me! The quality sure has changed!  Overall, I wouldn't suggest this place for dim sum. It's honestly only "okay" because this certainly isn't the worst place.
4	I was pretty surprised to find a Cantonese-style dim sum "yum cha" restaurant in Las Vegas. For one thing, this place is fairly authentic and not your fancy, over-the-top resort casino dim sum restaurant where you get ripped-off for mediocre food. Chang's offer a wide variety of dim sum dishes to choose from. We got the Chinese sliced BBQ prok "cha-shu", shrimp dumplings "ha-gow", shu-mai , Chinese broccoli "gai-lan", salt and pepper squid and prawns. Their BBQ pork steam buns "cha-shu bao" were decent and the fried taro dumplings were excellent. The steamed soy-skin wrapped with bamboo and pork was surprisingly good. The service was good and what makes it such a sight for sore eyes is seeing older Chinese people sitting at the table next to us relaxing and reading newspapers while enjoying their dishes. Now that speaks volumes.
3	Chinese dum sum style restaurant where servers actually wheel around carts of steamed/cooked appetizer sized dishes where you pick out what foods you want on your table. Depending on what you pick, you get stamped for the dish on a price category and in the end, the cashier just adds up the prices of all the stamps on your card. Typically, dim sum is a breakfast/brunch meal.The place is pretty dark but gets pretty darn busy brunch time area when people are out of church and what not. It's great for families because food choices are flexible and tables are all round seating at least 4+. You really don't have to wait for food that long cos carts are always moving around. BUT, service here is not that prompt and I constantly had to flag down buspeople to refill the tiny water glasses, get chili sauce, or have napkins (to which they only gave me 3). I usually feel bad bugging people, but no one really checked on how we're doing and I know asking the cartspeople won't help much cos they're busy carting food.Craving dim sum?  Atmosphere is alright. Service is subpar.  But this place has msot of the classic staples of shu mai, pork spare ribs, chicken feet, shrimp dumplings, congee, and more. Expect grease and oils of chinese food and lots of sodium, but it's a guilty pleasure that my family and I can't let go of just yet :)
2	Terrible service, asked for a refill on my water and never received it. The waitress that I asked actually went to get the water, filled up the guest two tables over to me make eye contact with me then turned around and went to help every other tables. Watched her for a good 15 minutes getting beverages for others. Coincidently they all spoke her language, told the owner but he was more interested in collecting my money and talking to other guest.
4	This is a nice place to go for dim sum Sunday brunch. It's pretty busy at lunchtime on Sundays but we've always manages to get seated immediately.Their shumai and bao are delicious. Chicken feet, anyone? Yum! The carts are constantly going around and if a dish you request isn't on a cart, they'll usually inform you how many minutes before it gets back on. The ladies pushing the carts are pretty helpful. Some may speak hardly any English but they will try to explain to you, if you ask, what the dishes are. Keep the paper for food tally easily accessible to servers on your table. The ladies will come and stamp your food order on it and then you'll take it to the window by the entrance when you're done to pay for the meal. The food is relatively cheap and most orders are under $5 so I never had to ask how much each dish costs. Make sure to ask for large glasses of water or they will bring you tiny ones. They might come and check if you need a tea refill but if you happen to run out, just signal for more by turning over the tea pot lid or propping it ajar. This works some times.Their service has been significantly better than other dim sum places I've visited. Service at a Chinese restaurant? That's huge.
3	Keeps getting worse everytime i come here One of the dim sum was like rotten shrimp The lady was rude i wont be going back Cause like i said it keeps getting worse everytime !
4	Good dim sum. I only go to dim sum with my friend that speaks Chinese, so she always gets all the right stuff. Good tea, yummy food, attentive service. Get there early because the place gets packed out! Mostly Chinese families (a good sign), but a few American families too. May I also add that my daughter says that dim sum is perfect after-oral surgery food. It's all tasty and easy to chew!
4	Chang's was easily our favorite place to go for dim sum on Saturdays/Sundays when we used to live in Las Vegas. In fact, whenever I asked my wife where she wanted to eat on the weekends for lunch, she would immediately yell out "Chang's!".It took us a while to find Chang's, and we ended up googling best dim sum place in Las Vegas, and Chang's was the first search result to display. We saw that it was less than 10 minutes away from our house, so we decided to check it out and give it a try. We were definitely not disappointed!Normally, my biggest gripe about dim sum places is that the venues are normally huge dining hall areas, and the servers cart around the food forever and the food gets cold, and by the time we get it, it is no longer fresh. At Chang's the restaurant is small enough venue, so the food is ALWAYS fresh, especially if you get a table next to where the carts come out from the kitchen. I have a few recommendations for the best dim sum dishes. Definitely get the fried pork dumplings (ham shay go). This is my favorite dish there! It's less than $4 per order, which comes with 3 fried pork dumplings. I also really like the Chinese pan friend leek buns (gow choi). This is a less-widely known dish, but is equally amazing. Also less than $4 per order! Other recommendations include: salt and pepper shrimp or calamari, chinese broccoli, pork and shrimp siomai, and har gao (shrimp dumpling). If you stick with these items, you'll be set. I've gone for dinner before, and it isn't the best of Chinese restaurants, so make sure you just go for lunch dim sum, and don't bother with their regular menu items (this is the only reason I rate this place a 4-star versus a 5-star).We love all of the dim sum items there, and we have dreams about them. No joke. It is one of the places that we always go back to visit when we travel to Las Vegas. Not too far away the strip if you are a tourist. Go where the locals go and don't get dim sum in the casinos. Trust me on this one.
3	Packed over the weekends!  Just grab a number and be patient to wait at least 20-30 mins for a table for 4-6 peepz, and expect a longer wait time if you have a larger party.  We drove by and saw the crowds outside the restaurant waiting to be seated on a Sunday, so we went somewhere else for dim sum and came back here the next day (Monday) to try the foods.  On the Monday, wait time as expected was zero minute, and we were seated right away! and Yes, we were smart! teeheeee :PFoods were delicious, in great variety; prices were very reasonable; service was prompt and friendly, yet a little pushy.  This one dim sum lady just kept on stopping by our table to ask whether we might want this and that even though we had said to her, "no, thank you," a couple of times already.  She just wouldn't stop until we actually took something from her cart.  Anyways, that was fine, and the dim sum carts experience was fun.
5	This probably my favorite dim sum in Vegas. Some stuff at ping pang pong is better but the prices here are better as well as the service. Also no line usually.
4	First time @ CHANG's. Went here from recommendation. Pork shobao was good. Attentive staff and multilingual (Chinese, English and Tagalog).the congee was bland. The hargao was just ok. I would definitely come back.
3	Nothing beats eating dim sum the morning after partying all night in Vegas. After being spoiled by eating at so many good dim sum places back home in Monterey park/Rowland area, Chang's felt subpar to me. For all my OC ppl visiting Vegas & thinkin about trying this place, I would say it's comparable to dragon phoenix in Bolsa. You have the ladies rollin the cart around, which I don't really prefer because the temperature of the items were barely warmSurprisingly though, the servers were on top of it here. I don't really expect much service from a chinese restaurant, but our water cups were never empty and the manager was a really friendly guy. We later found out they speak cantonese here, and once again I was used as the person to order everything for the table because I was the only one that spoke cantonese -__-The place looked really clean for a chinese restaurant and the prices weren't bad.  They had all the dim sum basics such as shu mai, har gow, chinese broccoli, chicken feet, etc. The dim sum items such as shu mai and har gow were a bit small though. The good thing is I don't think they load up on MSG here and the food wasn't too salty. The congee was a rip off though because there was barely any shredded dry pork in it and the fried donuts weren't like the ones back at home.The fried donuts to dip in the congee were too crispy and there was a lot of oil on the plate.Not too bad of a place to grab dim sum in Vegas. My friend said it's a lot better than Ping Pong Pang's
5	I have been coming here since I was 9 years old (just turned 22) and let me tell you, this place is the best dim sum place you can possibly get in Vegas.Service is excellent. If you know anything about Asian restaurants, service isn't always great but this place-good lord, my water is constantly refilled. Employees are actually smiling. Food. One word: heavenly.Atmosphere is amazing! It reminds me of my childhood, coming here every other week and indulging on artery clogging food.
2	False advertising when they stated that they have dim sum all day. We went there about 9pm expecting to get our favorite dim sum items. Unfortunately, they have dim sum some time not all the time. They need to add the words "on select items".
4	The Las Vegas strip is a great place to eat, even if you want Asian food. There are Chinese buffets galore as well as a number of new Korean restaurants (including the nearby Kim Chee Restaurant and at least two others just north of the Stratosphere). But what is really impressive is the string of great oriental food palaces located west of the strip on the street called Spring Mountain, between Sahara and Flamingo. The banquet begins just a few blocks from the casinos. Start with the first large restaurant that you come to driving west, Satay Malaysian Grille. It offers an exotic selection of Southeast Asian and Singapore fare, a mix of Thai and Indian flavors, spicy, sweet and savory good. Try the traditional Satay, the shrimp and papaya salad, and the Laksa, highlighted with peanut sauce, coconut milk, and shellfish. Continuing down the street are a number of Chinese marketplaces peppered with great little eating places. If you seek the familiar there is even a Sam Woo's Barbeque, with its delicious pork, duck and noodle dishes. For fish and crab try Seafood Harbor. For Korean try the Sweet Pig. If Vietnamese Pho noodle soup is your preference there are half a dozen little joints all in the same area. One Chinese treat that I found especially satisfying was the Dim Sum at Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine on Decatur, about ten blocks south of Spring Mountain, just north of Tropicana. Chang's is located in a white Chinese style building on the east side of the street. The day that I went there, on a Thursday, the place was packed with locals, mostly Chinese. They had one of the best sticky rice in lotus leaves that I have ever had, and their fun rolls (rice noodle) were delicious too. The prices were right, with most dim sum dishes costing between $1.75 and $2.50, substantially lower than the average place in LA. I did not eat at Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine for dinner, but I took a look at the menu and it offered a fine array of traditional Hong Kong/Cantonese style dishes at reasonable prices. So the next time you are in Vegas, don't forget to try the flavors of California's favorite Chinatown in Nevada, Spring Mountain Blvd in Las Vegas, and Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine for Dim Sum, seven days a week located at 4670 S. Decatur Blvd. Las Vegas, NV 89103, phone: (702) 362-3663.
4	Dim sum is delicious and a steal but the service...well, it leaves a lot to be desired. They are friendly so that makes up for slow service. There is a lot of seating available here and you get served hot food right away which always makes me happy when I'm starving. Har gow is my absolute favorite! On weekends, don't be in a hurry. You will see all the club kids recovering from their hangovers here. Don't come for the service, come for the food.
4	Since I'm originally from the Bay Area, I can be a bit picky about dim sum but I'm generally happy to very happy whenever I go to Chang's. The service and selection are good and things are usually fresh and tasty. The only reason I'm not giving five stars is because I did get vegetables once that were way overcooked. Thinking about it now, I should have returned them and I'm sure they would have gotten me perfectly cooked ones but I had guests and didn't want to make a fuss. My bad. I still go back and have never had any complaints in the three times since.
4	Great dim sum. I love dim sum and i really liked several things. They have a rice-covered shrimp ball that was delicious. Their rolled bean curd was also very good. We had another shrimp dish that had shrimp sitting on top of a square of tofu. The tofu was very tasty, in addition to the shrimp.  Great, great dim sum. Friendly, fast service.
1	My dad and I went there afternoon. There are really no much choices in DimSum. Our bill end up $30.00. Some Chinese servers need to call another server because they don't understand english and they speak very little english as well. Eek! Me thinks not.
4	Changs was recommended to us a few years ago and after almost 15 years trying to find a decent Chinese place we finally found it. I am as white as they come and even I find several things there that I really enjoy. Servers obviously don't speak much English but that's ok, I'm able to point to what I want without much effort on my part. We went this past Sunday for lunch and the place was slam packed, lots of carts going around, hundreds of choices and none of us left there hungry and they are happy to bring forks for those like me who cannot use chopsticks. Recommend!
5	This place is awesome! Love the BBQ pork buns. Spent $12 and left stuffed full of delicious food and dessert. Servers are nice and patient, they don't speak much English. Really authentic, prepare to be immersed. I come here from California once a month and this is a necessary stop.Try the durian Jell-o jigglers for dessert, I triple dog dare you.Seriously, I command you, order the BBQ pork buns.
4	This is a decent dim sum restaurant that serves by way of carts.  I've had better dim sum in other Chinese populated areas, but Chang's is decent for Vegas.  The ladies pushing around the carts are pretty quick, so it doesn't take long for the carts to go around in a circle.Waiters were very good in automatically filling my water cup without my asking.I'll come back here again next time I visit Vegas and want to eat dim sum.
3	Me and my bestie wanted to eat dim sum because we had LA dim sum last week and we were CRAVING. She found this place on yelp and saw that this dim sum was open until 5pm. We got there at around 4pm, and was surprised that they don't have their workers pushing around the carts with the food on them. At this dim sum, when it's close to 5pm they give you a chart where you circle what you want. I was quite disappointed that I couldn't see what I like and immediately grab it. We we're also confuse because we both aren't familiar with the names of dim sum food so we were constantly describing the server what we wanted and he had to circle it on our charts. The food was pretty good but not as great as the dim sum in downtown LA chinatown.I recommend the rice noodle with shrimp and beef. Super tasty! And are my favorites.  Price was decent. We ended up paying $30 for like 8 dishes.
2	I've concluded that KJ Dim Sum still holds the throne for the best dim sum. I mean, don't get me wrong, there were some items from Chang's that were legit and done very well, but there were more fails than wins. My favorites:- Shrimp har gow (shrimp dumplings) - this was amazing the first round, delicate and lightly sweet, but the second round was lacking a lot of flavor and not as tender. - Cheong Fun (Rice Noodle Rolls) with Shrimp - lovely pillowy soft noodle texture, but 2 miniature shrimps in each roll.  - Fried Shrimp Balls served with sweet mayo - this was our favorite, the shrimp balls were super moist inside and flavorful.I'll pass:- Pork Sui Mai - This classic was shamefully bland and unmemorable.- Steamed BBQ Pork Buns - they were on the mushy soggy end. The minimal BBQ pork filling wasn't bad, but it's also not the best either. - Chicken Feet - good flavor, but fatty and I couldn't get past how oily it was.- Fried Taro Puffs stuffed with pork - It had a nice pillowy taro texture, but it was extra soggy on the bottom from being soaked in oil.We came here on a Sunday at about 3pm and even though they advertised that Dim Sum is served all day, we were having a difficult time ordering it. Only one lady came out with a cart when we sat down. After we grabbed a couple items from her cart, they all bounced and started their lunch - so no one served us for the rest of our meal. There were no carts to be seen. We wanted to order more, but no one came to check on us.We finally got the manager to serve us since he was the only one not on his lunch break. He seemed a little agitated that we wanted to order more. Not to mention, they ran out of a couple items that we wanted to order.Pro Tip: come during prime breakfast and brunch hours- any time after that the service and food will be nonexistent. The restaurant didn't give off a clean vibe. The bathrooms are super sketchy, old, sticky, and scary. It makes me wonder what's the condition of the kitchen.All of this made it a less than desirable dining experience. We will continue to enjoy the excellent service, pristine cleanliness, better prices, better selection at KJ Dim Sum. Plus KJ has the best egg custard tarts of my entire life! They're damn good.
5	I've been to a couple dim sum places and this ones is great! They recommended what they liked and weren't pushy when they came around for us to make our choices .. We didn't have to ask for refills for drinks and the prices were on point! I would come back and dine here
4	Items Selected:Har GowSteamed Custard BunsEgg Custard TartsBaked Custard BunsSiu MaiBaked BBQ Pork BunsSteamed Egg Custard with Shrimp in Mushroom BrothChives BunBaked Sweet Red Bean BunPan Fried Dumpling with Chives Shrimp & PorkSteamed Pork BunsCongee with Chinese DonutFried Shrimp BallTaro BunBroccoli in Oyster SauceRoast Duck with Bao and HoisinWalnut PrawnsDescribed by someone I trust as the best Dim Sum in our little patch of the desert it was with high hopes that myself and three others sat down just after 11:30am at Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine and although the Saturday Cart traffic pattern would frequently prove frustrating throughout the course of our 90 minute meal it was nonetheless with broad smiles that we worked out way through over a dozen baskets of dumplings and buns before culminating in a $12 prepped-to-order Roast Duck amongst the best in the city alongside kitchen fresh walnut prawns far outperforming their modest $6 tab.  Undoubtedly a gluttonous meal but one priced competitively to that of KJ or Cathay House with food on par with the former and far superior to the second as items felt to be 'too old' by servers were twice delayed until fresh versions could be procured from the kitchen it was with a wide swath and steady pacing that we cut our path through a selection of over fifty options and with only the overly thick wrapper of the har gow and oily pan-fried mixed dumplings proving less than impressive to my tooth an 88% batting average was still quite impressive for any dim sum spot, let alone one situated well outside of Chinatown on an industrial stretch of South Decatur.  Having already spoke to the quality of the crispy roast duck and snappy prawns finding skillful balance between cream and crunch beneath a milky sweet sauce it should generally go without saying that freshest items proved the strongest options throughout our meal and with the herb-tinged congee a personal favorite along with molten baked custard buns I'd be remiss to not also mention a pair of novelties that proved equally impressive, the first featuring steamed egg custard topped with tender shrimp in an umami-laden broth and the second a delectable Red Bean Bun delivered  as a sticky golden spin on the cinnamon roll with a slight-savory finish bridging the classic Chinese ingredient to a Western palate in a way that many traditional Dim-Sum 'sweets' do not.
3	Food is good. Service is poor. Considering I am LA n SF residents,  this place isnt as good as where I live but workable for the area on price and availability. Overall ok.
4	This is my new dim sum place when I visit Las Vegas. We ordered about 12 items and everything was tasty. Our favorites are; ginger chicken steamed buns, beef in rice noodles, fried shrimp ball and the seafood steamed dumplings. They took pretty long time to bring the food and paying the check was kind of a pain, but overall I would recommend the place. I will definitely be back!
3	As I get ready to move, my coworkers and friends slowly have been reaching out to take me to lunch as a goodbye meal. One of those close friends thought it would be awesome to get some dim sum for lunch. I've only been to one place in the valley so I was excited to try another place out.The place is not in Chinatown but close enough. As you approach the building you'll notice a nice Chinese bridge to walk through in order to get through the front door which I thought was a nice touch. When you enter the joint, you'll notice a lot of space! Big round tables everywhere, big windows, lots of Chinese art and symbols. This place looks authentic. The staff was friendly and although there was a language barrier in some cases, they were very patient with us. The food was alright. Not the best that I've tried in Las Vegas. My favorite was a pork and shrimp hash type dumpling. It reminded me of back home. Some dishes that weren't such a success was the fried rice. It was molded in a bowl and super oily. Lots of the things served, seemed to be sitting a while and not as fresh as I've tasted in the past. I appreciated the dim sum selection as there were a lot, however, most of what was offered wasn't as fresh as I hoped. I'm thinking this was just a fluke. I really hope to give them another chance soon. I don't necessarily think they were the worst and their staff was super nice. I'll be back and hopefully my review will be updated with a higher rating.
4	I've come here a few times either for dim sum or for dinner. The dim sum is pretty mediocre. I've had the typical items which include, egg tarts (when they're fresh they're so amazing. I am not fluent in Chinese, so I would recommend going with someone who is fluent with the language or familiar with dim sum items. You can't go wrong with pork shumai or shrimp hargo. The bbq buns have this delicious honey coating on top. Of course, that makes it stick to your chopsticks, but other than that, it's awesome!  I've also come here for dinner several times. I love this one tofu dish with scallops.  The last time we went (which was for my friend's birthay dinner, we ordered 2 orders of the dish. They crammed it into one dish, and we felt like they didn't give us the full two orders. I also love the crispy noodles where they pour sauce on top of the noodles to makes the noodles softer. I have never had bad service here. They are always attentive, and I love the food here!
4	Service was really good here! We got a table (10 people) in the secluded area and they did not ignore us at all! Their duck and shu mai (I hope I spelled it right) are bombbb!!! I also tried their bbq prok buns (drools) sooo good! Will definitely come back when around vegas!
3	We had a slightly better experience on our second visit here. They changed their ordering process and it's a lot more organized now. Plus, I didn't use their restroom this time around (that scared me on my previous visit.)We came in around 3:30pm on a Saturday. After we were seated, the manager/server handed us a double sided piece of paper with the dim sum and prices listed - we just marked off on the sheet what we wanted, then we handed it back to our server and they began making it in the kitchen.The food was inconsistent compared to our last visit - Items that I didn't care for, were actually good this time around and vice versa.My Favorites:- Juicy fried shrimp balls with sweet mayo are consistently delicious, plump, and flavorful.- Fluffy (white) steamed BBQ pork buns were moist, freshly steamed, and stuffed generously with flavorful BBQ pork - They weren't soggy like our first visit. We also took 2 orders to-go and they were still delicious the next day!)- Har Gow wasn't incredible, they were slightly hardened/dry but they were decently flavored.- Sui Mai were moist, plump and satisfying.I'll Pass: - Dry and minimal filling in the (glazed) baked BBQ pork buns. It was practically all bread and no BBQ pork. - Tiny and dried out egg custard tarts.- Sloppy and breaking apart cheong fun (rice noodle rolls) with 2 tiny shrimp per noodle. The flavor was average, but the noodles were chunky and dense. Chang's is not a terrible option for dim sum, plus they serve dim sum all day so that's always a plus! However, if it's before 3pm I'll still recommend KJ dim sum for the most satisfying dim sum. That's my spot! Previous 2 star review:--------------------------I've concluded that KJ Dim Sum still holds the throne for the best dim sum. I mean, don't get me wrong, there were some items from Chang's that were legit and done very well, but there were more fails than wins. My favorites:- Shrimp har gow (shrimp dumplings) - this was amazing the first round, delicate and lightly sweet, but the second round was lacking a lot of flavor and not as tender. - Cheong Fun (Rice Noodle Rolls) with Shrimp - lovely pillowy soft noodle texture, but 2 miniature shrimps in each roll.  - Fried Shrimp Balls served with sweet mayo. This was our absolute favorite, the shrimp balls were super moist inside and flavorful.I'll pass:- Pork Sui Mai - This classic was shamefully bland and unmemorable.- Steamed BBQ Pork Buns - they were on the mushy soggy end. The minimal BBQ pork filling wasn't bad, but it's also not the best either. - Chicken Feet - good flavor, but fatty and I couldn't get past how oily it was.- Fried Taro Puffs stuffed with pork - It had a nice pillowy taro texture, but it was extra soggy on the bottom from being soaked in oil.We came here on a Sunday at about 3pm and even though they advertised that Dim Sum is served all day, we were having a difficult time ordering it. Only one lady came out with a cart when we sat down. After we grabbed a couple items from her cart, they all bounced and started their lunch - so no one served us for the rest of our meal. There were no carts to be seen. We wanted to order more, but no one came to check on us.We finally got the manager to serve us since he was the only one not on his lunch break. He seemed a little agitated that we wanted to order more. Not to mention, they ran out of a couple items that we wanted to order.Pro Tip: come during prime breakfast and brunch hours- any time after that the service and food will be nonexistent. The restaurant didn't give off a clean vibe. The bathrooms are super sketchy, old, sticky, and scary. It makes me wonder what's the condition of the kitchen.All of this made it a less than desirable dining experience. We will continue to enjoy the excellent service, pristine cleanliness, better prices, better selection at KJ Dim Sum. Plus KJ has the best egg custard tarts of my entire life! They're damn good.
2	Chang's was brought to my attention for their lunch special in old Henderson. While it was close to the office and was quick service, there was an odd smell when we walked through the door. There was only one other customer that came, ordered and left when we were waiting for our food. The food was mediocre. It filled up my stomach (back in the office's lunchroom) but that's about it. Would I go back? Probably not.
4	Love the food here. Pretty authentic and they serve all the things I like to get when out for dim sum. Service remains true to most dim sum places.., you need to be aggressive and shout out what you want to get attention. The waiters do not check on you unless you speak up. Today we came late, around 2pm. Only two carts circling. Basically had to order what we wanted but had trouble finding our waiter to do so. No refilling our water glasses. So they lose a star for service today. The food was still good and satisfying.
5	Loved the dim sum, hot tea was yummy and crispy noodles were delicious! Staff was so nice and helpful!! We will definitely be back on a regular!!
4	One of my friend told me about this place that it's her favorite place for dim sum but she said the customer service wasn't good. I went there with my family and I had no problem with their service, they were attentive and not pushy. I like the look of the restaurant outside and the place inside looked  clean for a chinese restaurant. The prices were ok. They had all the dim sum basics such as chinese broccoli, shu mai, har gow, chicken feet, etc. I thought the food was pretty good.
4	I've only been here once it was, it was recommended to me by someone who frequents the place, I was not disappointed food I ordered was great and price was good!
5	Superb service.Great food.Good stuff.Very much enjoyed it.
5	Three of us was here Friday noon to get some dim sum. I ordered:5 Shrimp Noodle Rolls (best I've ever tried)2 Chicken Feet 1 Chinese Broccoli1 Shu Mai3 Tofu Dessert (with Sugar Water)The foods were so good and the service was quick and perfect.They paid attention to customers so much that they took away all the empty dishes after I just finished it and they even filled the tea immediately when it ran out. I would definitely recommend my family and friends to come here! BTW TRYING THE SHRIMP NOODLE ROLLS IS A MUST!
3	Went to get dim sum with my classmates. Wasn't expecting anything comparable in SGV but service is much better and the food was good enough to not say bad things about this restaurant. However, it's very pricy compared to LA. My frd got a to go fried shrimp paste balls, 3 pieces and there goes her $5. Can't say how this compares to other dim sum places in Vegas since this is the only one I've been to. But overall, it's a good experience except for its prices of the dishes
4	Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine is located conveniently 2 minutes away from my apartment, which really is dangerous. Orchid's used to be the place to go for Dim Sum since it offers "all day dim sum"!Chang's offers great service, great food.The only thing I can add is that they should upgrade their signs from printed off papers to something more visually appealing.
4	$40 for a table worth of food. Prices are decent, service was good. My favorite is the sweet tofu dessert. Definitely will come back.Took a star away because the selection was not as extensive, it had the usual main dishes you would find everywhere else but didn't go beyond that. It might be the fact that I went on a weekday and not a weekend.
3	As a previous San Francisco resident, I am always on the look out for an amazing Dim Sum place to go. SF ha some of the best I have ever tasted! This place was recommended by a friend, so we gave it a try.It was really good! Not amazing, but really good, solid classic Dim Sum. Price point is pretty good, service was very attentive. I would go back, if asked.Still searching for the ultimate "Dim Sum Sweet Spot"  and have come really close, but will continue the adventure within Las Vegas! Oddly enough so far the one at Rio Hotel is my favorite. Lots more to try!
5	Chang's is one of the best dim sum joints in Vegas. The food is fresh and authentic. The service is quick, but anticipate at 20 minute wait on Sunday's lunch time. They have all dim sum favorites and of course a full Chinese menu. I've been going here for 15 + years and highly recommend!
4	I came here with family during the worst time ever: after 3 pm. As a result, service was pretty slow and we could tell that they were heating up leftover dim sum. The workers were having lunch as we were finishing our meal. We couldn't even find our waiter to get the bill and to-go boxes. But still, the food tasted pretty good. The food is comparable to Cathay House (R.I.P.) and Orchids Garden, in my opinion.My only complaint is that the half fried chicken that I ordered barely had any meat on it. The Hong Kong-style noodles with seafood was pretty good though.Based on my experience here, I'll come back but only during peak dim sum hours (11 am til 2 pm). In that time, I know the place will be packed, food will be plentiful and fresh, and service would be better.
1	Dim sum food came out cold.. Service is poor.. No detail on check out bill..I will not come here at all ...
4	Very good traditional Classic Dim Sum. Good Value, service was very attentive. Definitely would try again
1	There is only one waiter and there are 7 tables waiting, and each of the table has large group. We waited for our food for 50 mins. I can see the waiter running around. Just get more employees, or don't want people to come.
4	My usual dim sum go-to spot is Orchids Garden, getting here is a bit of a longer drive for me. Some items are better here than at OG, some are not. The pricing here is better, which makes for good value, as long as you're aware that there's a drop in service.We were seated quickly- better plan to come earlier than you expect because it does get busy, fast. Table turn over wait doesn't seem too bad though. Service is dismal- I'm used to SF style dim sum houses where the cart ladies harass me to select an item every time they come by. Here, you practically have to beg for their attention in the first place- even if you're Asian, judging by the frustration at the table beside us.A feast for two came in under $40- the roast duck and salt and pepper head-on shrimp were both $8 dishes (usually charged higher elsewhere), and their pork and shrimp shumai were among the best I've had, great quality. Disappointed that the shrimp dumplings were sticking together and falling apart, but they had good flavor. Chinese broccoli was average, coconut buns were above, pork buns were below. Kind of hit or miss, seems they're better for traditional dishes- didn't partake of the porridge or congee but saw several tables who did.
3	Expensive....very outdated interior didn't feel very clean. Food was not bad but really not worth the price.  Lots better other choices around this area.
3	I'm writing this review from the table at Chang's. When my family and I first arrived, we were not greeted (even though we had a reservation for 6:30). when we did get someone's attention, the man who seated us (the owner) was extremely rude after we asked to be seated away from the door. Maybe he was just having a bad day. Anyway, I'm adding 2 stars for the lovely food, some of the best dim sum I've ever had. And the elderly man that ended up waiting on us was wonderful and very kind.
2	While I have been to Chang's before, my most current visit was disappointing.  The restaurant was busy for dim sum as we had to wait a short while for a table.  The let down was the food temperatures; everything was cold.The dim sum variety was good offering the basics plus they had plates of noodles, bowls of fried sticky rice and Chinese donuts for the porridge.  All nice offerings.While some cart servers were friendly, some were not.  The table servers were attentive.  Cold dim sum makes for a bad experience.
4	This was a good yelp review discovery.  We did not expect to find a good dim sum place in Las Vegas that compared to ones we're used to in San Francisco, but this one was pretty good.  The service was fast and food tasty.  Once again, if you're familiar with standard, authentic Chinese restaurants, give them a try.  You won't be disappointed with their dim sum.
4	Finally came back after a few years, it was the restaurant that I was introduced to Dim Sum. Comparing it to say KJ, they're probably not as good but definitely as far as price and quality go they're good enough. They have all your usual favorites at dim sum chicken feet, bbq bun, egg tarts, etc that were all good. I didn't have anything that was bad so I'll definitely come back if I'm craving dim sum! KJ can get pretty quick really fast and I usually average close to $20 per person, but here we averaged $10 per person.
4	First time eating dim sum here and pretty impressed by seating time, service, and dim sum was very good. Highly recommend.
4	good food but cold service. Beef soup beyond average. Dim sum nice but not steam pork dumpling (nanxiang xiaolong). Steamed eggplant with garlic is a little bit out of the box. I mean, it's not bad but I don't think everyone loves it.
1	Came in for dim sum. Food looked like it was left out over night. Some food were room temperature. We were starving so ate it anyways.  We had diarrhea that night and following morning. Never again!
