1	HA HAHAHAHAHA! "Pit" is right.... man, this place would have been a terrible idea if i wasn't already expecting lameness.now occupying the space that has seen the death of not one, but two dance club (411 and Level), Peach Pit Afterdark.... I mean Cherry Lounge and Pit is beyond ghetto.opened by the same people who do sugar daddy's and dos gringos, this place has all the sexiness and allure of a Trails commercial. You know? I was half expecting to turn a corner to see a neon colored bikini-clad bleached blonde on top of a motor boat. well, they've updated the look of the cage-trapped go-go dancers to mini panties with knee-high dragon rider boots with fuzzy muppet skins adorning them.the vids of drunken lounge-goers (a la daddy's and now dos) playing in tiny screens on the walls in hallways and behind bars in tact, interspersed with footage of seriously hagard looking chics doing "sexy" things like sucking on lollipops, cherries, winking (yes, she was winking right at you, wasn't she? inviting you in to her red-drenched lair to bask in the glow of a alcohol doused club circa 1992).i'm not sure what the DRESS CODE we were so violently and largely reminded of in line, but the girl in front of me had on an oversized T-shirt, baggy jeans and flip flops (?) and they took her $5 and let her in no problem. i also saw a girl dressed exactly like peggy bundy...no joke, spandex black calf leggings, long spandwex shirt in orange, heels and a giant boob belt. it was so incredible i took a picture. she was not impressed with my observation, so i had to sneak the photo.anyway.... take it for what it is, a club owned by dos gringos guys on mill ave.
3	I'm usually in downtown Scottsdale on the weekends unless I'm at my favorite Tempe bar, but when I'm looking for a fun night out with the girls away from the Scottsdale scene, we come to Cherry Lounge & Pit. The bartenders are hot. The drinks are cheap. And there's two rooms where you can dance and chic VIP areas with stipper (er dancing) poles.
2	I was here once.  I was lured with the promise of free beer for a hosted party sponsored by Dos Equis.  Indeed. There was free beer to be had.  It was in "the jungle room".  There was a cute waitress in a pith helmet who smiled at me and locked eyes with me in a way that says, "I'm so sorry the room I'm waiting in smells like the vomitorium.  Please tip me I'm cute and I obviously need the money. Did you see my stupid hat?"  Since the beer was free, I made sure to take care of her as best I could.  That's a hell of a way to make a living.  Because they are clever like that - they were spinning Jungle in the Jungle room.  Was it good Jungle? I don't know but I don't think so.  Being a fan of most types of electronic music I would like to think I'd know good jungle when I heard it but I'm no afficionado.  We went downstairs where the music was a little more R & B contemporary.  Which is to say, not to my taste.  They did however have gogo dancers who had obviously wrapped their feet in animal skins to fend off the biting cruel cold of  Phoenix in the summer.  In stark contrast to this, they were wearing lingerie and nothing else over the rest of their bodies, proving that the furs were doing an exceptional job in keeping them warm.The best thing I can say about this place is  that I didn't have to pay for my drinks the one time I went, and I got to see a woman attempt to dance in five foot stilts.Woo.
2	This place looks like it was designed by a High School Prom committee. There are a few cool aspects - like the stripper pole/dance tables for patrons... The paid dancers look a little busted, but from far away and 3 drinks deep you won't notice. From what I could tell, the drinks were fairly stiff. The music was a strange medly of 15 or so different songs - all very standard and mainstream from 10 years ago. We were there long enough to hear most of the songs repeat. Most people didn't seem to mind though. Cherry has a dress code - no baggy clothes, no head gear, no athletic wear, and no excessive jewelry. They don't stick to it though. They also don't seem to worry too much about losing their liquor license as we saw someone slip the door guy a 20 to let his fake ID pass. College students take note. Once inside though, the place was full of ugly fat drunk heffers dancing on the pole like they're trying out for the Pussycat Dolls and dudes in baggy mid-90s era clothing and baseball hats. It reminded me of being in my early 20s and going to shitty Tempe clubs, listening to shit music all night, and then wondering why I was going home alone... Now I know why - it's because everyone was plug-ugly and I simply couldn't find anyone worth chatting up. We had a 'VIP' booth (it was a friend's hook-up), so don't think I paid to get in or even paid for my drinks... I did pay the price of my valuable time though. This place is shit - plain and simple. It does have a few cool elements inside though and the location isn't bad if you like being in downtown Tempe. Saturdays may be better than Fridays... You'll have to let me know as I will not be returning.
3	Let's face it, it's really hard to open a front door if you're hands are covered in socks. So, with that said, don't expect much from Cherry Lounge and you shouldn't be too annoyed or miserable when you go. C'mon, it's a "club-like" lounge on Mill Ave. It's going to be a little annoying. Yet, if you make the most of it, you can - trust me! - have a good time. The music won't make your ears bleed. Just let go. It's okay to be here. It's okay to be on the dance floor, swaying hips and stomping feet. Just don't take yourself too seriously. During opening month - was that Dec of '06? - I came here. I'll be honest: I had fun. Granted, I drank alot. The bartenders were friendly, even amusing. The clientele was mixed, and there were times I furrowed by brows from what I saw. No woman should "lean back" low when she's in a mini-skirt. C'mon... But, I minded my own business and just rolled with it. I danced. I drank. I laughed. I wished for better music, but I danced and drank and laughed some more. I wouldn't recommend this place to people who get easily annoyed by loud music or obnoxiously "low brow" people. But, if you can leave your preconceptions and misconceptions at home for a night, and just go out somewhere for the sake of having fun - no matter where you are - then you can have fun here. Heck, with the right attitude, you can have fun anywhere!
2	There's not really much to say that hasn't already been said A) "Ghetto" 2. Gogo dancer's look pregnantI was DD and this is a place my sister visits often, she is young still and hopefully she will learn. It's not alway's so that class come's with age though. I will pray for her. The bouncer's were very cute we paid our $5 and went up the stair's. Nice touch with the flickering strobe light's in the window, possibly a hazard for many drunk girls in heels coming down the stairs? Just a thought! Once we got in I kinda looked around dumb founded by the mess of it all. This place was so grimey I did not want to touch anything so we just stood there for 2 song's I gave my sister the "Are you kidding me?" look and we left. Please keep in mind that I was not drunk that could have been a factor!
1	This place sucks! They always set there line up in the middle of the sidewalk and I kick down there little barricade things every time I'm drunk leaving Rula-Bula. The music sucks and so do the people, it's like a old town club that is misplaced. Don't go there unless you like having a bad time.
2	Note: This is okay if you are going with a group of really out going people and you go early during their drink specials. They start at 9 and I believe end around 10 on Saturday.. Don't take my word on that part but its 1 dollar cherry vodka, which really cough-syrup sweet be smart on what you mix it with.. Anyway.. this place is boring, unless you just turned 21. When you get in there are two rooms to go into, a lounge like-area and then the dance area.. The lounge area is okay, has the VIP room, usually not a crowded and you can actually hear people talk.. The dance room, packed, and is built like a pit so getting in and out is a challenge, you cannot hear over the typical dance club music that seems to hold the same beat the entire night.. The place does feel dirty, its dark and everything seems worn.. Bathrooms are always gross, all the seats and tables seem wet and the floor is always always sticky or slippery.. Bar area seems disorganized and chaotic.. the only nice thing about the place is the light fixtures in the dance room are cool..The people there are a mix of college kids and a more hip hop crowd.. So you will see the college boy that just turned 21 trying to dance and you will see the girls that are dressed to impress in heels that are too high for them getting on the pole trying to grab attention.. Kind of reminded me of high school.. which is not what you want on a weekend.. So I think this place is maybe a good place to start out a night, if they're specials are going on, then go somewhere else on Mill..
2	Stay away. If you're yuppy (yeah, that's you) and/or a "tradiitonal" college student (yeah, that's your friend), then you won't feel quite right here. This isn't your Zuma/Cue Club/RA crowd by any means. I'll admit we asked if they had wine. Silly, silly yuppies.Drinks are nasty. And they all come in pint glasses. Cherry vodka drink was cheap, but god knows what the hell was in it. What was I thinking. I didn't pay for the dancers so I can understand why they're two shades from kind of attractive. But they are tacky. I think it's more fun to get drunk girls up there to dance. But I did have fun dancing with friends in our own little circle of death. I suppose it is what you make of it. Drink beforehand.
2	Cherry Lounge. How I despise thee. Perhaps I've had horrible experiences, and I'm writing a biased review. But everytime I've decided to go there, I've loathed it. The bar (sorry, I suppose the correct term is "lounge" but it is a sorry excuse for one) is extremely run-down, and you automatically want to take a shower when you step in the place. I'll say this much. The bartenders are friendly, to say the least. I'm always pleased with the service, and the drinks are alright. However, the security guards are tools. I mean, I understand you have to have a mean demeanor, but come on, can't you smile a bit? This one dude gruffly told me to leave, and I tried to converse with him, and he automatically had a "holier-than-thou" attitude. You can suck it. I'm definitely not trying to flirt with you. Anyway, people that frequent this place - and yes, there are exceptions to the rule, so don't take offense: under-age boys that are insecure with their masculinity, and have the desire to dress in jeans ten sizes too large, and a mouth to match it. Honestly, I'd have to be dead drunk to even be near this place. Yuck.
1	i went there last friday night and it was the worst night club i have ever been to. very boring atmospher. and yes its true drinks are bar the whole staff is just clueless. the list goes on.i am new to arizona to be honest with u and i am very disapointed with the night life here so far there is no big good clubs or well known dj's. i used to live in NYC and nightlife there is somthing u cant argue about.
2	Ah, the Cherry Lounge and Pit...very interesting choice of a name for this "lounge" with an identity crisis. I think the operative word here would be "PIT"...This is the type of place that has SO much potential, and yet completely misses the mark. Where to even begin...first off, the smell. Never particularly pleasant, and this might be attributed to the crowd and not so much the venue itself, but nonetheless, it's a bad first impression. Speaking of the crowd, there are a lot of undesireable types here, and I'm talking about wannabe thugs, hood rats, and douchebags. It's a very common occurrence to see some bloated heifer up on one of their elevated stripper poles putting her cottage cheese-thighs and "Thursday" panties on a Saturday out on display for the shallow end of the gene pool. The go-go dancers here are generally nothing special, pretty average at best, we'll just say that the dim lighting works to their advantage. The VIP sections are laughable, if you were a real VIP this is probably one of the last places you'd show up.Onto the dj's they have... First you've got dj Steele, who won't STFU on the mic which is not only annoying, but louder than his crappy music selection. Another time I was here there were two clowns playing together who woudln't stop doing the same three basic scratches every thirty seconds. Hey dummy, I hate to be the one to break it to you, but scratching is suppossed to accentuate the music, not BE the music. Once or twice I've been there for the dj/drummer combo, which was pretty well-executed.Drinks were pretty average, not strong but not totally weak either. I know one of the bouncers here so we never pay or wait in line to get in, which is one of the only reasons my friends and I will kick it here on occassion.
4	Can you believe it? The ONLY bar I've ever been kicked out of... I met up with some friends several years ago on Mill Ave. Ms. Personality, with her wiles, her charms, gets us in sans cover. Either that or she exchanged her brain at the door for the sake of me being able to share this story years in the future. We get in, get drinks, and she starts dancing on the pole in the VIP area. Were I a bouncer of with decent business sensations vibrating around in my belly, I'd let a skinny blonde sorostitute dance on the pole with reckless abandon for the world to judge, but not this guy. He didn't like it one bit. So when he asks her politely to step down, he's rejected. When he grabs her she starts kicking and screaming and throwing haymakers at him like he's Richard Z.Well, being a man of integrity. A man of grace... A man who believes chivalry will live as long as there's a heart beating properly in my chest, I fucking belly-laughed at the hilarity of the scene because I didn't really know, or care about what happened to, my new friend. Until they asked me if I was with her and if I'd step outside. Well, fine, I didn't want to be there anyway. Part two of this saga and the reason for the four star review: Scandalesque performs there fairly regularly. To say that I have been over-exposed in my life is like saying Yelp is for people who like to write. I have seen a lot. Like, a lot. People with 20 years on me are probably reading this and laughing that I couldn't possibly have seen it all, and I hope I haven't, but damn. Life has some offerings and they are for sale... And they are free. And some can burn right into your psyche. So the fact that Scandalesque is so fucking sexy to me is amazing. The only thing that I can think of that easily tops it is A to the W.
4	I recently checked out the opening night of "UK Thursdays" here because they brought in Reid Speed (if you're unfamiliar, she's one of the top female dj's out there, plays mostly 2-step/speed garage, dnb, and dubstep), and I was curious to see how electronic music on Mill would play out. Before she took to the decks, there was a duo that goes by HavocNdeed that featured a dj paired with a drummer using V-Drums and triggering drum samples via Ableton...very cool, these guys made for a great opener. Reid brought it as always, and I had one of the best times I've ever had at Cherry, hence the improved rating...although it's more due to the people making this happen than the club, but nonetheless. I think promotion was maybe lacking a bit, turnout was kinda thin, but hopefully word gets out about this night because it has a lot of potential (I'm starting to sound like my elementary school teachers, aren't I?). Anyway, if you dig electronic music, make it a point to hit up UK Thursdays @ Cherry, you may be pleasantly surprised.
1	I've been to this establishment about 3 times in about the same amount of years, and boy is it GHETTO. I ordered a Ketel and soda the last time I was there and I'm pretty sure it was just rubbing alcohol with soda water. A couple of the girls I was with came back with some free shots, and they also tasted like disgustingness. I ended up spitting mine out and throwing it away. It was seriously the worst shot I had ever taken, hands down. It didn't even taste like liquor, more like some sort of cleaner. I give props to those solo dancers who are giving it all they've got on the dance floor. They're so brave. I feel like some of them are related to those awful American Idol singers who are tone deaf. They don't realize they're bad, and they are just embarrassing themselves and getting in others' ways. At least it's never packed, so it gives them plenty of room to do ninja-looking kicks and arm fans. There are also go-go dancers here, but they weren't too entertaining with the exception of one...out of the 4 or 5 who were there. She'll probably be going somewhere else soon.I always tell myself I won't return, but I've had to take it back a couple of times now. Maybe it'll be your lucky day if you ever show up, and we can spit our drinks out together!
3	I came out here Halloween to party, since everything place on Mill had a line we just picked this one place to party for the night. Drinks are cheap, I was shocked at how low the bill was at the end of the night after buying rounds of drinks until our party got their buzz on, but maybe its just me used to Hollywood prices. T_T Out in LA you get used to paying for parking, cover and then exorbitant prices for drinks.  I love their signature cherry vodka drink, its tasty! Its kinda like a Shirley Temple?! Service at the bar was quick for the amount of people there. Plenty of room for dancing which is always a plus.
3	I know what everyone is thinking, "WTF, this girl is actually giving this place 3 stars?! Actually, it's 3.5. Let me start off by saying this place is totally not my scene, but I've somehow been forced, yes FORCED, by a few friends to go three times and each time that place seems to bring out the WORST in people. The drinks are extremely STRONG. Holy moly, it's dangerous! The mainly play hip hop, think Power 92? Or is it 98? Just picture Lil Wayne songs, 50 Cent ect (not classic hip hop). I must admit this place is a bit on the ghet side but if you go with a few gal pals and are not looking to meet someone here, then you're fine. There are stripper poles all over this place it's insane. Each VIP booth has one, there are like 9 of them on the dance floor, this place really loves the strippers lol. The walls have pictures of seductive women with a cherry somewhere in it. I swear, everytime I go and wait in line I'm like, "Ugh how the heck did I get dragged into this place against my will AGAIN?" and then about twenty minutes later I am s*faced drunk on that darn evil pole. Yup, story of Cherry Lounge. Overall, I cannot hate on it no matter how much my gut commands me to, sorry :( lol
3	Ah yes....the CHERRY LOUNGE. (I just call it Cherries) Anyway, I have fun in ANY club....strip club, dance club, bar, pub...you name it! Its about you having fun. I personally love most music, dancing and people watching. I noticed there are a lot of "hip hop" type of kids who go here. Ya, I felt a little outta place, but whatever. What I prefer is the older crowd that I like from Devils Martini...but I wish I could mix them both together! Why can't the older crowd let loose like the kids...but minus the drama and ghetto-ness?!  I don't know...so I'll just go back and forth lol!! P.S. Yes people hate on the go-go dancers..I think most are cute and your JUST JEALOUS...Yes, people hate on the "big" girls on the poles...cuz they are heavy...@ least they are having a good time! (I'm @ the bottom rootin them on!)  And Yes people hate on the pretty girls who are dancing on the poles...cuz its slutty...NO. They are having a good time and maybe you should to? ;)
1	The best part about this place is going out back to smoke a cigarette.
