1	Aside from the shady night walkers, and the obvious drug dealers, the place is OK if you like living in a night club. I have reported the neighbors below me playing their music to loud and was told it wasn't that loud. Awful professional for them to basically tell me I have to put up with it. I was woken up at 1 am to the sound of my neighbors having a party. So the cops were called this time cause I don't want the office to tell me to deal with it. As for the drugs, I have smelled drugs in the air on numerous occasions. I have came home numerous times to see the apartment surrounded by cops. I have sat on my patio and watched the neighbors have a lot of "visitors" that are only their for 5 minutes at a time. These "visitors" might give off the appearance that they don't have a job where appearance is a priority. Face tattoos are a sign of that. This is my review of this place
4	Desert Palms is probably the cheapest apartment you can get near ASU.$795 a month + utilities I do agree with Gary, there's plenty of sketch people around but if you tend to mind your own business and pray that the people in the units around you are quiet Desert Palms is actually not that bad.Also their one of the fastest when it comes to maintenance and they didn't try to overcharge us when we moved out. (Only a $18 fee for oven cleaning)Their office offers free printing and they have a pretty decent gym.Place was good for a cheap year of slumming it but after that you may get tired of this place. Also pray to the heavens your neighbors are the more orderly Chinese students and not the welfare druggies.~
5	I have lived at Desert Palm for the past two years.  They have the best maintenance men, work orders get done the same day you call.  The office staff is very nice and helpful.  I have never had any noise problems and have always felt safe.  My only complaint would be that the complex has a lot of dogs and some residents don't pick up after them.  Other than that I would highly recommend Desert Palm.
3	I took a chance and moved when my old lease was up, and was happy to have found Desert Palm Village. It's a decent location near many businesses, has the ORBIT shuttle if you need it, and is situated in the middle of many freeways. It's a major complex but I hardly see anyone else around. What really sold me was the management. Work orders were taken care of quickly, there was always someone in the leasing office to help, my rent checks were not getting lost, etc. However, four months into my new lease, the honeymoon phase started to end. Work orders required follow-up. I realized how sloppy and lazy my neighbors are, leaving trash outside as well as their dog poop. DPV also changed their office hours to close at 5:30 on weekdays instead of 6:00 (and didn't announce it, of course, so imagine my surprise when I showed up at 5:40 and it was closed). If you work until 5 and want to pay rent or pick up a package -- you're most likely SOL and have to wait until the weekend. This loses major points for me because it's unfair to those of us who work full-time to pay our rent. I can say I was probably 80% happy with my living situation up until now, but these last things are the real kicker and I'll be considering carefully whether I will renew my lease with Desert Palm Village.
