5	I love Mikey's Eatery!  When a quick steam-table fix is what you need, Mikey's it the ticket.  Sesame Chicken is a favourite, as is the spicy pork.  The lineups can get long, especially during the lunch rush, but the service is quick and the line moves fast.  Lots of places to sit down and eat if you are so inclined.  Mikey, his family and staff have always been great to us when we dine there.  I heartily recommend Mikey's Eatery!
3	You know I hate most of the Chinese food here in Waterloo but I guess this place is the best one. Good price and edible Chinese food(which is hard to find).
5	cause their food is great
2	As the rating says...meh. I've experienced better.The environment isn't exactly the best as it seems a bit run down. I feel like I should eat very fast and get out of there, since it's just that bad.The food is also meh...coming from Markham, almost every single Chinese restaurant I go to there beat this place any day.Price-wise it's good though, so are the servers. Otherwise...pass.
3	Mikey's mainly serves Chinese-Canadian fare on steam tables. If you want a quick and filling meal that is a bang for your buck, you can't go wrong with their sesame chicken lunch special. If you want authentic Chinese food, there are other places that are more worthwhile in the area.
2	The food is pretty expensive for what it is: generic steam table Chinese food. I would recommend other Chinese food in the plaza less you're in a hurry.
4	This place is great for some quick North Americanized Chinese food. I highly recommend the sesame chicken, and the curry noodles. Not everything there was delicious (stay away from the ribs). But when I was in first year university I went here probably once a week. It's one of the better places for students to hit up at University Plaza.
4	best sesame chicken!! I haven't had any curry noodles are delicious, so are the regular noodles (with the red sauce on top!)prices are a bit pricey so i usually just get the chicken.
3	The more authentic tasting chinese food in university plaza but still white washed. They give you a lot, so its perfect for the university student who wants to get really full for a decent price.
3	Meh, Mikey's is alright. Hits the spot when you want to grab something quick on the way to campus but the food is pretty thoroughly average. I usually just the two item option and honestly there's not too much to say about it. Panda King around the corner has the same style and the food tastes slightly better and there are a few other Chinese places in the plaza that are better.
1	I tried the sesame chiken and got food poisoning. Been in bed, having headaches and vomiting all night.
2	Been eating here for some time now, but I've never been so offended here before. The food was always cheap and decent, and the people working here were nice - but in the past couple of months the food quality (let alone taste) has been going down - undercooked or overcooked - and finally, they've reached their low point today. Being badgered into making a quick decision is not pleasant, nor is being snapped at for every question, nor is the eye-rolling when asked to repeat what they've said. Very offended, very disappointed.
1	I came to Mikey's after reading all the good reviews but was left highly disappointed. I ordered the lunch special with steamed rice, sesame chicken and mixed vegetables from the steam table. First of all, workers are inattentive. they pester you to choose the items abruptly, yet forget which items you chose. Secondly, my meal was literally rice, 10 tiny pieces of chicken the size of thumbnail, 4 pieces of overcooked broccoli, 1 carrot and small pieces of cabbage. Thirdly, the oil used to fry the chicken had probably not been changed for 3 years as the chicken left a bitter aftertaste on my tongue. From the price point of $7.25 after tax, the meal left me unsatisfied and was highly overpriced for the quality and quantity. I suggest you to try your luck at other chinese restaurants in the plaza.
1	I had the salt and pepper pork. It you are unfamiliar with this delicacy don't try it here, it gives it a bad name. Maybe I just I had too high of an expectation? Anyway the pork was cut into bite sized pieces for whatever reason and just didn't taste or look authentic. So I was pretty down. Whats even worse that 85% of my meal was just rice. When I finished the pork I literally had nothing left so It came to a point where i was just eating plain rice. Now normally you would like equally distribute the food items with the rice but there were just so few pieces. I would have been happier with a Panda King meal.Perhaps I didn't try their best dish, but nothing about the meal is worth a second try and the service wasn't even that friendly. 2/10 Pandas
