2	Stopped in because it was one of the few places to grab a bite at midnight. Large menu, tried the carne asada tacos and nachos supreme. The beans were salty, rice was bland as was the carne asada. Red and green sauces were both very mild.
4	I have only had the chicken tacos and they are pretty good. Very Wet meat however, and after one to-go order I have learned to eat-in to avoid soggy shells. They have pollo asada tacos too which I have not tried. Meat is tender and tasty and in a light tomato broth which I like despite the fact I am a chicken taco purest and like the chicken to be plain old shredded chicken usually.I ask for no lettuce, and a side of cut cilantro and onions.There is always alot of cheese which looks to be freshly shredded on site-that is good.  Bonus is that you get a squeeze bottle of green sauce when you eat-in versus to-go you have to beg for extra salsa and I am a green salsa freak and put alot on when I find it at restaurants. I can pile it on here. Because the tacos are so wet, almost ahogado style, I use my fork and crunch all the tacos into a big pile and eat with a fork. My new 'top 3' chicken taco stop.
4	Another spectacular breakfast burrito. If the lunch meals I've had were as good as the aforesaid burritos I would give them more stars.
4	A personal favorite in Surprise!Try the Supreme Rolled Tacos w/ Carne Asada.
4	Love Rivas!  I am a huge Filebertos/Fredericos fan and this restaurant is just as good.  I especially love their land and sea quesadilla.  It is filled with shrimp and steak and topped with a really good red chile sauce.  Everything we have had there has been fast and tasty.  We have become regulars, all though we have never eaten inside.  I also love that they have a kids menu.
4	The Filiberto's of the West Valley!!! Really like this place! I have been here about three times, get the same old steak and egg burrito, w/beans and potato's! And of course add a little bit of pico! Never been disappointed, a very large serving, and has had very good service. Place looks like its closed down! But it's not, they just blacked the windows to keep the sun out! Family keeps on asking me when I will take them? Soon!
4	Thanks Yelp/Siri for helping me find this place. Being a California transplant in Hawaii, I get Mexican food withdraw. Rivas fit the bill. Affordable and freshly made mexican food...with drive thru!Like others say, the place looks closed but its just uber tinted. The inside is very clean and they have two big screens with sports on. I was just stoked that I got 12 Rolled Tacos/Taquitos smothered with fresh guacamole and cheese for $7.15. WHAT??? Do ya'll know how much this would cost me in Hawaii and it wouldn't even be that good???? Sigh...Again, just happy to have found my easy-breezy, Mexican food option when I visit my in-laws in surprise. Until next year Rivas...I hope you don't close down.
4	Great breakfast burrito! We had an egg and bacon with potato and cheese, and with the red hot sauce it was great!
4	Pretty good food, Filiberto's style.  The breakfast menu is very good.  It's a shame they caused the closing of Zef's, a nearby competitor, the two contrasted each other nicely.  I've not been impressed with their chicken but the carne asada is very good.  Try the land and sea quesadilla, my favorite.Would be nice if they'd spend $50 and develop a website with their menu etc on it.
4	I am so glad this place opened in Surprise! I am a fan! My favorite is the shredded beef taco and California burrito. The guacamole is pretty good too. You get tons of food and it won't burn a hole in your pocket.
2	I usually like Rivas and have ate there frequently but today KILLED it for me!!! I buy 4 entertainment books a year because my family and I LOVE to eat out, so being extremely hungry my sister and I went there today to order some food and went to use our Internet coupon from Rivas that we had JUST PRINTED!!! Some rude ignorant lady tells me that it's a fake coupon and she won't take it. I tell her we have used them before and there is a validation code on it and if she thought it was a fake call the number and validate it. She basically called me a liar and refused to do it.... THEY HAVE LOST MY BUSINESS FOR GOOD!!! Juanita you need a better attitude and you could use a lesson in English as well!... My husband is hispanic and I am no where near a racist but if your going to conduct business you need to be able to properly understand and listen to your customers!
1	Between the bland chicken, horrible tasting condiments, and the FAKE machaca. This has been by far the WORST "Mexican" restaurant. I don't understand what triggered their mind to go into the restauranteur business!?! Machaca is supposed to be a dry beef with egg but this was oozing of water because it was broiled. Good thing I don't live around here, I had found this on Yelp from a Dr. visit.
4	The carne asade here is cooked right, carne asada should not be the consistency of beef jerky and they know that here.  They also have a drive-thru.
3	My Fam and I are big fans of the food here. We usually go through drive thru. Our orders are usually fresh, hot and delicious but lately the older woman with the heavily penciled in eyebrows working the window has been having a bad case of the grumps. She acts like anything you say or ask for is a huge inconvenience, is very condescending and just plain acts like she hates her job. Another Mexican food restaurant has thankfully opened up further down Greenway to replace this place. Unfortunately the rudeness has overshadowed the tasty food here. 3 stars Rivas!!! Attitude adjustment please!!'
4	Been here many times mostly due to the hours they keep. Its better than any 'bartos , but prices are still  a little too high. 1 out of the 4 people I've dealt with is rude, but we don't see her much. The shredded beef is way salty, but the chicken and ground beef are good. Drive thru around back! They are open really late, but they need to get some hours posted on here.
1	I wouldn't go back if it were the only Mexican food restaurant within 20 miles.
4	This place is great.  First time I came in it was hotter than a mutha inside!  We left because it was packed and we spent the day moving in sweltering heat so we left.  AC issues im sure.  We returned on my next trip out to AZ and it was great.  Ill do it again and again.
2	The carne asada steak burritos are amazing and their shredded beef tacos are pretty good with the green sauce. The teenage boy who works here with jersey shore like hair seems very confused.I went to Rivas most recently on 09/23/13 and ordered the usual. After waiting 10-15 (drive-Thru) min to get my food the man who barely spoke English handed me 1 bag  with only half my order. I then asked for the rest and he came back with it but the churro fell out onto the road. He looked at it and said "oh sorry" and closed the window quickly. I waited there for another 2-3min waiting to see if he'd come back with a new one and he didn't. When I got home there were no sauces in the bags either. The girls who work there are nice and know how to do their job but the teenage boy not so much! My experiences here are always 50/50. The girls are great, teenage boy not so much. I'd give the food 4 stars and professionalism 2. I've worked years in customer service so maybe I have high standards but the staff can at least smile for once and act like they enjoy their job.
1	Ordered nachos, carne asada cold! when I returned it he said its because the cheese and guacamole are cold that's why the meat was cold- no apology!! He then asked if I wanted my money back or something else, I ordered the fish tacos and all he gave me was two fish tacos no rice and beans which costs less then what I originally ordered-- so that means I left Unsatisfied and ripped off!!
5	This place has the BEST bean and cheese burrito I've ever had at a casual dining/fast food restaurant. As soon as I tried this one I haven't gone back to any of the other bertos type restaurants. Deeelicious. Their breakfast burritos are very yummy too, the eggs and potatoes are seasoned really well. I'm vegetarian so I haven't had any of the meat, but my husband gets the Surf 'n' Turf burrito or the carne asada nachos all the time and loves it! Only thing is, sometimes they don't listen to everything you want in your burrito, so I would definitely recommend checking inside it before you drive off. Also if you're military ask for the discount! 10% :)Hours are 6am - midnight every day.
3	When your looking for that step up from Filibertos or Federicos this is where you go. Prices are competitive,  but the food is far better at Rivas. Looking to try something new. Go for the Surf and Turf Burrito.  Awesome.
4	Delicious chorizo and egg burrito. Salsas are okay. Two burritos for about $9, although the burritos are very good size.
4	New Year! New House! New breakfast burritos! To say I was worried about Mexican food in my area after our move is an understatement. I need some sort of burrito factory within a reasonable distance or else why even exist? Our old Ramiro's was pretty good at slinging sour cream and guacamole infused delights so my hunt for its replacement was actually done before the move even commenced. I mean, what great General goes into battle without a well thought out strategy?Rivas is actually closer than the aforementioned Ramiro's was to our previous residence. Things are starting well. I drove up this morning with one thing in mind; breakfast burritos. Steak, egg, cheese, and potato burritos to be specific. The drive through was pretty standard if not a little cramped but I drive a compact car so this wasn't an obstacle. From order to pick up window was pretty standard, possibly a little faster than average. Price is also average for an establishment like this. So far so good.The drive home with this type of payload is always horrible. I drive a manual transmission so even trying to single fist a burrito would be a bad idea. These things smelled delish. Upon arriving home, unwrapping, and taking that first bite, my suspicions were confirmed. We have a new burrito place! It was a hot, flavorful party in my mouth and everyone was invited. The steak was a little different flavor than what I was used to due to the spices I assume. But it was a good flavor so I didn't mind a bit. I finished about 3/4 of this sizable meal in a tortilla until I had to tap out. I wanted to go on, but my body said no. Rewrapped and back into the fridge with you, ole' boy! You have just become lunch!Wrapped food delivery systems are efficient. Arguably a better food system than the almighty sandwich. Remind you I said arguable. Much like sandwiches, though, burritos can be thrown together by just about anyone but that doesn't make it good. Rivas has shown they have what it takes in this field. I see a beautiful relationship developing here.
3	For AZ this place is ok.  I'm used to San Diego Mexican food where the meat is so tender and juicy... ( yum)This place doesn't come close, but for what Surprise has to offer it is not bad.I fed the family for under $50 so prices are reasonable.  Carne asada is not as tender and flavorful as expected.  The meat was lacking flavor and the rice was bland.  They do make rolled tacos w/ cheese and guacamole very well.  We got the 12 rolled tacos for about $8... Not badIf you want affordable Mexican food at a good price this place is good.  Beats spending an arm and a leg at a place like Macayos where I think food sucks.  Only thing you will miss is the alcohol ;). Not a bad spot.  Customer service was great so that's always a plus in my book.
5	Best breakfast burrito ever... Don't let the outside fool you... I had the Machaca and egg burrito..big, hot and delicious. It even has a drive through! I will be a regular!The green hot sauce compliments the Machaca well.
5	This place is so good! I loved everything about it! The decor was nice and the food was great!I had the beef taco for a buck and boy was that a deal! I recommend this place to anyone who is wanting a great meal and is starving for flavor! I'll surely be coming here often!
5	Just left Rivas for the second straight day....both times I ordered the steak ranchero breakfast burrito...AMAZING!!  a can't miss place!
5	Delicious!   We go every single week for Taco Tuesday!   They have the best tacos in town and the nicest staff!
5	$5 Lunch. Special on Monday through Friday 11 AM to 3 PM
2	Breakfast burritos are very good! But the stupid B at the register didn't want to put beans in my friends burrito because they "don't usually do that". And on top of that she doesn't speak Spanish and has one of the back people take her orders.
1	Do not eat here.  The only cooking device I saw used was a microwave.  The foam plate was slightly melted by it.  The burrito had a tough tortilla indicating it was old or microwaved into submission.   I asked for and got a refund.   The food may have tasted good before it was nuked but afterwards was horrible.  Go down the street to and spend .50 more for a meal that is cooked (read not microwaved) and still has flavor.
5	Everything I've ever had here has been great. We especially visit (at least once a week) for the breakfast burritos. You can order them just how you like, which is nice, but let me personally recommend Bacon Potato Egg and Cheese. Whether it's rolled tacos, regular tacos, enchiladas or just chips and guacamole you can't go wrong. All their ingredients seem very fresh and everything is made to order and piping hot when you get it. Good job Rivas and a personal thanks from my husband for being one of the few places who has Mt. Dew!
4	I love Rivas. I would have given 5 stars except that lately their food isn't consistent. I normally order a bean and cheese burrito for my kids, the rolled taco supreme, Carne asada burrito and sopes. Honestly, their food is always good. Lately though I don't know if they changed their meat provider or what the deal is because the carne asada has been really fatty and with a lot of grizzle. Then I decided to get the carnitas instead because of this. The meat was good but I could tell it had been reheated too long and had started to become really dry. Normally their carnitas is moist and good with the perfect amount of crisp on the edges. I really have nothing bad to say about the place. 9.5 times out of 10 that we go its amazing!!!
1	I dont like to give bad ratings to businesses but this place is deserves a terrible rating! I have been here a 3 times, and everytime they have messed up on my order. Just Recently I stopped here for a quick bite to eat and I was throughly dissapointed in the service I recieved. The lady I dealt with was extremely rude. I would not recommend this place to anyone. This place delivers terrible customer service and below average mexican food. Don't waste your money on this place.
3	The girl behind the counter with her hair in a bun has some of the nicest cans I've ever seen... I wish she was here illegally and needed papers.... I'd marry her in a second...
5	That burrito though! So amazing in my tummy give me more! I will definitely be back for another well prepared bacon, egg, cheese, and potato burrito. Better than the rest....you won't be disappointed and you may even have some left over. I saw on the drive thru window that they now offer a "King size" burrito or something to that affect which is crazy considering the size of the regular one. Anyway, it's delicious, very well seasoned, tasty tortilla, two thumbs up!
1	worst service ever! the first time I went there I ordered a breakfast burrito, I went to the drive thru and the service was average; nothing amazing or bad. When I got home to eat the burrito it was super salty. I ate about half of it and couldn't eat another bite. A few weeks later I thought I would give it another shot. I went to pick up a big order for my husband and his friends who were working. I went through the drive thru again but this time the girl at the drive through was not very good. She didn't let me finish placing my order so when I pulled up to the window I told her I wasn't done and that I needed to order something else. She acted annoyed. when they finally brought me my food I asked if everything was in there and they assured me it was. when I finally got home not only had every burrito been labeled incorrectly but they had not included my whole order. I had to drive back and went inside, when I told them what had happened she didn't say anything to me except hold on. The girl then went to the back ( I could see her and the cook) she told them what happened and they started laughing. Needless to say I won't ever be going back there again.
3	The food is so good here but the service just demolishes their overall appeal. I always get breakfast burritos. I tried to go to the other Mexican food restaurant out here to get better service but they weren't open. They'd really do good by firing some of the front girls. They act annoyed and just couldn't care any less about the service.
