4	It doesn't exactly tip the scales to balance out Fremont Street.'s Westside against Fremont East's DCR, Insert Coin, Vanguard, Beat, Don't Tell Mama etc. But they certainly put up a good effort to do so. How many piano bars do you know have a 9 hole miniature golf set up? Exactly.It was pretty empty when me and the homie visited but we could see it as an alternative hang out spot and easily envision Fridays and Saturdays being crazy busy. Cool waitresses in their Brittany Spears schoolgirl uniforms, 5 cent beer @ happy hour, beer pong tables, DJs (certain nights), being able to scrawl on their walls helped bump Swinger's Club fun-factor up a star. While Fremont East is the trendy, hipster hangout, Swinger's serves as the perfect place for, the *ahem* "wholesome", working class, or mid-western visitors seeking an older or different vibe.However, I definitely don't wanna be there though when the wise-azz, belligerent, drunktard decides to take a heavy swing on the putting green only to have his ball ricochet off a wall and pop someone upside the head. Aside from that and the funky, "haunted Dead Zone" 9 hole and I believe the quirky 7 hole (you'll see what I mean when you visit) I wouldn't mind comin' back to work on my stroke at this swinger club.
4	The happy hour is great here, and so are the musical guests each night. The best thing is the golf course inside the bar, it is a great idea, but some of the holes were designed so tight it is hard to walk around others just in the bar.  The service was solid and so was concept.  Worth checking out for sure.
2	Honestly, the bartender was kinda rude and the drinks weren't what we ordered. We moved to a table where a server brought us drinks, then held her hand out for a tip. I slapped her hand, finished the drink and left.Neat place, poor service :(
4	You know what, this place was actually kinda cool! This was the first time we'd been to The Plaza since the remodel, and we were pretty impressed with the setup. The name, "Swingers Club" gave us a bit of a laugh, so we decided to go in and check it out. OH!! Golf theme! THAT kind of Swinging! Oops, dirty minds think alike! Even still, it was a good time. The bartenders had little (and I do mean little) schoolgirl skirts on- and yes, butt cheeks were hanging out, and the male bartenders had kilts on.  We saw beer pong in the back, too.It wasn't very busy, but the music was good and we got up and danced for a little while.  As we were leaving, we saw a bunch of people come in with golf clubs and asked about it-- they've got a miniature golf course running through there!! Now that's cool! When we head back downtown, we'll check it out again!
4	This review is for their showroom only.I came here to see the Dirty Joke Show which I always seemed to miss when it was at Hooters or later when Geechy Guy went to the Rio.  It's a really "intimate" showroom.  To understand that joke, you have to attend the Dirty Joke Show.There were three comics who did their comedy from this small stage with has some funny, alley props.  There's also a door going off the stage that'a a prop that I was watching to see if it fell over.Beverage service was very good in the showroom.  All seating is with high top bar stools.
2	Tonight, we ended up here because of the Thursday night "Karate Karaoke."  MEH...First off, I don't get it.  This place is a hodge podge of Vegas memorabilia and what-nots.  The male bartenders and bar backs wear kilts, which don't make sense to me.  I do appreciate the variety of high and low top tables.  There are also dueling pianos on a certain night, just not tonight.  The karaoke offered a lot of songs to choose from.  The DJ (or KJ) keeps the line moving so everyone sings in a timely manner.  I don't care for the sound system.  If you sit in one part of the bar, the speakers are super loud, but as you get closer to the stage, I couldn't hear the music as loud.  Honestly, I just thought this place was super crowded...just not with people.  There are too many things that makes the atmosphere uncomfortable to a certain extent.  There was a female bartender who stood 10 feet away from me.  I kept trying to signal her for a cup of water, but she wouldn't acknowledge me.  I waited for almost 5 minutes until the male bartender (in kilt) came back and served me.  Super rude.  On Tuesdays, apparently they have a battle of comedians.  I'm always up for a good laugh.  This, I might have to try.  Hopefully it'll bring my rating up...
4	Best bar we went to. Courtney who was there everytime she was so friendly and she makes a mean drink and I know my husband had to love to looking at her she was gorgeous!!!
4	I love the Swingers Club in Las Vegas. Due to the name, you'd think there was some kinky stuff going on here. But do not come here expecting your wife to get her Latin fetish out of her system, while you experience your first interracial experience since that black sock in high school.The Swingers Club is just pure silly fun in the heart of Old Las Vegas. Come here with some friends, grab a table, order a round, and see where the night takes you. It was great way to spend the final night of my 11 day work trip to Las Vegas.The Swingers Club has a pretty cool layout. It has a long central bar, large open dance floor, and an elevated stage. The staff is awesome. They are hardworking,  friendly, and keep your "spirits" up, in more ways than one. Due to the golf and sex theme, the men wear kilts and the girls wear school girl outfits. Please free to read that line again.For entertainment throughout the week, they have flip cup tournaments, comedians, dueling pianos, and indoor mini golf. But I went on a Thursday, so it was karaoke night. And well, karaoke is the best way to get the party started. Well, besides cocaine. Duh.I rocked the stage pretty damn hard. Eventually, some locals models wanted to hang out with us. And since we weren't creepy (mostly older married men and a young nerd in myself), they were willing to buy us a round or two. Not sure. I lost count. I should paid more attention to Sesame Street.Anyway, the rest of the review I have to omit. I do not want to be part of any divorce proceedings. I guess some of my coworkers took the name of the joint literally. What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas. Unless I want to use the videos on my iPhone for job security.
