1	I hate you.
1	One of the rare times I indulge in restaurant food is for breakfast, and I wanted to try Taco Bell's new breakfast menu. I pulled into the drive-thru at 7:20 a.m., and all the inside and outside lights were on, including the drive-thru menu's, but the only person working was the guy power-washing the sidewalks--nobody home even though there were signs everywhere advertising that the place was now open for breakfast! I headed to my office dejectedly and checked the website to find out this location doesn't open until 9 a.m. If you're going to serve a breakfast menu, please keep breakfast hours that suit the average commuting breakfast eater, especially when you're competing with a dozen other fast food joints in a half-mile radius who are all also serving breakfast but open at 6 if they're not already open 24 hours. I have had other stuff from here since I've worked and lived nearby for the past 10 years, and it's otherwise decent service and passable fast food, but with so many other affordable and decent Mexican joints around with drive-thru windows, this isn't worth it for lunch or dinner, either, unless you're in a real time crunch.
4	I personally love this Taco Bell. It's right outside of my work so can get a quick meal whenever I have a break and just relax in their nice old school dinning room. I may even go a little too often as the counter people are starting to recognize me lol. I was going to give this three stars until I found out they serve breakfast now too! It's doesn't start until 8am for all you extra early people, but Taco Bell didn't open until 10am before this, so it's still an upgrade. Great location too in a nice sizeable shopping center with lots of other food and retail options!
2	Just went to grab a quick lunch to go and must say this is the wrost prepared food to date. I've gone hear at least 30 times before and this is the first time that I can honestly say it sucked. They weren't really busy, since I went at 10:30 am. I hope this isn't a new trend.
4	As good as any! I felt compelled to review since everyone else seems to hate on this place. Sure, it has long lines at 12:30 (it'd be weird if it didn't!). But service was crazy fast and friendly. And they didn't skimp on my request for lots of mild sauce.
5	Line went super fast. Did not mess up my order at all. Food was good and din't make me feel sick afterwards which is always a plus. Easy to find and right by a light so it is easy to get out of. The drive through window is a little small though but it is right next to my window in my car so I didn't have to reach at all to get my order. Will be coming back here a lot.
3	I personally like this Taco Bell a lot it's in a perfect location for me.. Inside is not really updated but that's alright it's pretty clean...I been going since I was a child..But...The past few times they keep forgetting to get all my items in the bag at the drive through first it was the cheesy roll up missing... Glad my 2 year old didn't miss it, or else that would have been hell.. The next visit my husband gets the nacho cheese chips and they did not put the cheese in the bag.... Taco Bell sauce packets for the chips I guess... Come on Taco Bell pay closer attention to your drive through and making sure you get ALL the items in the bag. K Thanks....
4	I must say that I have lived close to this Taco Bell for two years now and do not have one complaint of the service or food received when visiting this location. The employees at he driver thru are always very polite and accommodating. It is nice to go to a fast food restaurant that is consistent with its customer service. I definitely recommend that this Taco Bell is  up to par!
