2	I can't believe this place hasn't been reviewed. If you are thinking about going here know this:If you grew up in the South Hills, all the people from high school that turned out to be real losers will be hanging out here. (Hey, I've been there, so I am not throwing stones.)It is otherwise your typical South Pittsburgh yinzer bar. There is always a seat, and there are free pretzels.
3	The food is very good here especially the turkey club. The people are nice but getting service at a table is sometimes very slow. Overall a good place to get a drink and catch up with friends
3	So yeah the wings are good just know some sauce choices are a dry rub. The fries are fresh cut, not hot when they came out Oh ps no losers here, good atmosphere!
4	I love Cains. But I know what to expect when going there. Which could be part of the reason why I go....
4	It's nice to have a local resturant/bar that you can walk to. Cain's is ours. The service is always friendly and good. The prices are fair and it is always clean. I would have given it five stars instead of four, but some nights the food is better than others. I think it depends on who is cooking on a given night. It is never bad, sometimes it is great. Thursday night's prime rib specials are particularly good.
4	Almost but not quite perfect. Cain's is a well-priced smoke free 1/2 bar 1/2 sports restaurant hybrid. The front has tall tables and chairs (like bar stool height) and the back has booths and 6 flatscreen TV's. The whole place was redone in 2009 when a new owner bought it, who bought Redbeards in Mt. Washington and totally redid it. The chef is from Grand View, a fantastic actual restaurant, not bar restaurant. So you're basically getting, at normal bar food prices, truly excellent bar food. Seems like the truly scuzzy clientele that someone 3 years ago mentioned have been evaporated to cheaper Dormont bars. The patrons here are more of the youngish (under 40) Mt. Lebanon variety.The vegetable wrap is phenomenal, the burgers are great, and the "Codfather" gigantic fish sandwich is simply amazing, the best outside of Wholey's. The "Codfather" is prepared 3 ways - "Part 1" is tartar, lettuce tomato, "Part 2" is coleslaw, fries and hot sauce and I forget what "Part 3" is. The onion rings are beer battered (not breaded) and fried to perfection. They taste moderately of beer, the true hallmark of excellent rings. The food you're getting here isn't pushing any envelopes but it absolutely is the best bar food in Pittsburgh. Apparently they have a $5 "express lunch" that includes a 1/2 sandwich and soup or salad. Never had it but that's extremely cheap.Beer is fairly priced; Sam Adams and Blue Moon are $3.50 while Yuengling, Coors & Miller are about $2.50, $2 on special. Everything else is under $5.50.Wing night Wednesdays the good: 25 cent wing night. Best wings I've had in the 'burgh. Wing night the bad: they charge 50 cents per ranch or blue cheese dressing, effectively making 10 wings (the minimum order, which they DON'T disclose) $3 rather than $2.50 which makes it more like 30 cent wing night. Nor do they include celery/carrots, as they do on the menu for regular wing orders. This is the first Wednesday (wing night) they've done this upcharge. I don't mind 30 cent wings, I just like honesty up front. They also don't let you take the wings home that you don't finish. Sorry, but I want two flavors and don't want to weigh 300 pounds so I'm only gonna eat 12-14 wings. We threw away at least a dozen between the 2 of us. People go hungry in this city every night and that's a crime.The mild buffalo wings are more like medium buffalo wings and are excellent, as are the orange ginger wings. The bbq and honey bbq are what you'd expect. The jalapeno cheddar is fake nacho cheese and pickled jalapenos on top - NOT what we expected and not what we'd get again but still very good.Service is good 4/5 times. It's slower with wing night; only 2 servers for the whole place.Definitely go here for the Codfather and the veggie wrap. Get onion rings as your side. Oh! And get a salad too; they use spring mix and baby spinach and make almost all of their dressings.
5	The best food from any bar I've been to in the 'Burgh!  Everything I've had on the menu has been fantastic and I've eaten there quite a bit. My favorite is a tie between the Chicken Quesadilla and the Bavarian Club.  You wont go home hungry...a lot of food for a good price.  The wings are awesome and the beer selection is absolutely top notch. Over 30 beers on tap...if you like beers that most bars don't carry, you definitely want to check this place out. Definitely worth checking this place out. You won't be disappointed.
4	I came here for my first time the other day and was extremely suprised at what I found. This has an very nice bar area with an excellent draft beer selection and great tasting appetizers. I had the hot wings which I for one was extremely happy with. I would have given this 5 stars but I did wait a very long time for my wings, and to be honest I don't think I would have received them if I wouldn't have asked the Bartender about it. I was not that disappointed though because it allowed me to try another variety of beers on tap.I will definitely go back soon!
4	Yum. I love when places surprise you! Brunch is my passion so I am always on the hunt for new spots. I love the Pamela's scene but sometimes you need that bloody mary to hold you off until you can dig into your home fries. BLOODY MARY BAR, O HEY! Pros: breakfast and booze, huge portions ( I got a side of oatmeal and it was double a meal portion), CHEAP!!!!, Early hours Cons: Parking is a bitch, slower (a huge party sat before us though) Def will be back for some day drinking
3	I think this placed has been re-modeled or at least that is what my buddy thought. I had never been there before so I had nothing to compare it to. They had over 25 beers on tap which was very nice. The menu seemed good and the appetizers we had were tasty. There were not a lot of places to sit but we found a couple of seats at a table. They have at least 4 or 5 TV's to watch whatever local sports are on. I think my friend will be going back more now that it has been updated and I will only be back on my next trip to Pittsburgh. Parking is street, the service was good, and it seems like a nice local place to hang out for a few cocktails.
2	I've been to Cain's quite a few times, since I live right down the street.The best times I have had at Cain's consist of myself going into the establishment with the predetermined mentality of spending way too much for drinks ( $7.00 for a Jameson and Ginger!!??) and already being three sheets to the wind. Don't get me wrong, if you like going to a place that mildly reminds me more of a mosh pit at times than an actual drinking establishment, you would love Cain's. Definitely, avoid going on the weekends.But, I will admit that Cain's is an awesome place to post up at the bar, drink a few beers, and catch a Pen's game on one of their million TV's. Bottom line : This place is not a place where you and your buds can go and get poopy drunk at. Cains is, at best, a bar where you stop during a bar crawl for a beer and a shot. Nothing more, and nothing less.
4	I hadn't been to Cain's in a few months but re-visited the establishment last evening for a quick happy hour.  I was very impressed with interior revision.  It went from old school boring bar, to upscale neighborhood bar.  The beer selection is ideal and the new tap wall keeps it simple.  Southern Tier IPA is amazing!  And you can walk out of the place not smelling like smoke.  I will return...
4	Cains had great wings and good service. The Jamaican jerk wings were very crispy as I did request them to be extra well done. The jalepeno cheddar could have been a little more crispy. The sweet potato fries were delicious, but they could have been warmer. Service was great, overall a great atmosphere and experience and would go back again!
5	It was our first visit to Cains and we were very pleased. Food was very good and reasonably priced. We will be back if ever in Dormont
4	This was a solid stop for a lunch with my grandma and my mother.  As we drove by, my mother said, "Oh, Cain's that place brings back memories."  So, I told her to pull on over because we were going in.After seeing the abundant sauces, I had to go with the wings.  I was very happy with them.  The sauces were plentyful and very different.  I got the mild garlic parm and the signature Mean Green, which was a mix of peppers.  Both were delicious and came with carrots, celery, and ranch free of charge!!My mom's mushroom chicken wrap was huge and delicious, and her sweet potato waffle fries were great.  They could have been a little more crispy, but that is just how I like them.Now my grandma's sandwich was good, but it were the homemade chips that had me in love.  They were phenomenal.  Next time I night jut make a meal out of their chips.
4	Good, All-American bar food.  This is J and my go-to spot when we are in the mood for something good, reasonably priced and close to home.  We have been many times, but the last time was especially awesome. J ordered the full slab of ribs which came with fresh-cut fries and cole slaw.  While there was a bit too much BBQ sauce on the ribs, they were cooked perfectly, fall off the bone good.  I was in the mood for a good beer of which they have plenty.  While I normally would order an Abita Purple Haze, I was talked into some shandy that was on special.  Thursday specials are micro-brews - which means that we should really go every Thursday.  But I am getting off track.  When the waitress told me that there were two shandies on tap, she offered to give me a taste of the one in which I wasn't familiar.  The beer that came out was big enough that I didn't really need to order a full glass, but it was good enough that I wanted several. We decided to split an order of the pepper jack cheese bites which were served with unnecessary ranch dressing.  The bites were awesome - cheesy, not greasy and excellent breading.  I ordered the California Turkey Hoagie with a side spinach salad.  The spinach salad has feta cheese, walnuts, dried cranberries and warm bacon dressing - all in all, a delicious spinach salad with fresh, crunchy spinach.  The hoagie has fresh turkey - that is featured in several sandwiches and meals and always delicious - avocado, pico de gallo, swiss cheese and lettuce.  I would probably trade out the swiss for maybe pepper jack, but other than that - the sandwich is perfect.  I know that this place is not everyone's cup of tea, but for my husband and I, it's good food, good beer and decent service. The one thing that for me stopped me from giving it 5 stars is that it is so freaking loud in there.  Apparently, this is the hangout for people that want to get really drunk and be really loud - even if there is no need for it.  You generally have to kind of yell over to be heard, but if you can get past it, the food is worth it.
5	You can't go wrong with Cain's. The staff is friendly and the food is great. I'm a regular guest and I've never been disappointed. I highly recommend it.
1	This place is another that is undeserving of your hard earned money!! The following is an email that I sent to the owner, it will shed a little light as to why I feel this way...I will also share his response, and what ultimately became of the situation. I know this one is long winded, but you should be forewarned about giving them your money!I have been to your bar many times, and I have had both good and less than average experiences, but this past Saturday was terrible! My girlfriend and I came to have some dinner around 9 pm. We knew it would be crowded due to the Penguin game, and that wasn't a problem. When we arrived, there were no seats at the bar or tables available anywhere. We decided to have a beer and wait. After the game was over, some tables opened up so we sat in an empty booth in the back and waited. After about 5 minutes, a waitress came over, cleaned our table, and made notice of the fact that we still had drinks. Sadly, this was the last time that she ever came to our table. We placed our closed menus at the end of the table...nothing, we put our empty glasses at the end of the table with the menus...nothing. We sat and waited for more than 15 minutes. All the while we were waiting, another group of four sat the table next to us, they were never given any attention. They got up and left after being completely ignored. I understand that the restaurant was busy, and that service and wait times may be impacted, but the way we were treated (or lack of being treated) was appalling. It was especially annoying to watch the server that initially cleaned our table giggling and carrying on with two other booths that appeared to be friends with her on the other side of the dining room and then when she was done she just casually walked over to another empty table picked up something off of it and went into the kitchen without even taking a look around the dining room. At this point we were disgusted and got up and left, I was annoyed and made mention of how awful the service in the back was to the doorman. The waitresses in the back were terrible and seemed to have no sense of urgency or seem to care about most of the customers, with the exception of the few tables that they were more interested in socializing with. This seems to be a problem, because on some of my past less than stellar experiences, the disappointment was again with the service from the back servers. On those occasions it was the same thing, they seemed to be more interested in being social butterflies than providing any sort of service. You don't need to improve your wait staff, you need to replace some of them, at least the people working the back dining room on this past Saturday, they were completely useless! Will I come back to your restaurant, I'm not sure. The food is good, but I work hard for my money, and I expect to receive more than good food in exchange for it. Sincerely, Matt K.Here is the response that I gotPlease give me a call (412)555-1212 to discuss the matter. I'm sorry & will make every attempt to make sure this doesn't happen again.Thank you for making me aware of the situation.Joey DeMarco I promptly called him as soon as I got this email. It went to voice mail , so I left a message. That was it, the guy didn't even have the decency to return my phone call. It is amazing that this is how business owners expect to keep people coming through their doors and handing over their hard earned money. Support local businesses, but make sure they are deserving of your money!
3	Draft selections are good...service is lousy...food is sub par. Not in a hurry to return.
4	HELLO new neighborhood watering hole!  This place is legit!  Moving to the new hood in Dormont means finding a new go to bar.  I need a my hood bar to have a good selection of beer (I accept Yuengling and hopefully a rotating seasonal list) and good bar food.  Good bar food doesn't have to be good.  I mean, it has to be good, but it doesn't have be gourmet poutine, if you know what I'm sayin'?  Cain's totally surprised me because they have a mega beer list, with lots of drafts on tap, and this particular night Southern Tier Pumking was in the hizzouse!  Their menu is HUGE too!  Tons of faves like wings and burgers but the intriguing "Codfather," which I will take part in at some point!  I was in the mood for a Rachel, because well, why not... it's my name!  The Rachel was awesome, with a good amount of turkey, but not overwhelming and lots of coleslaw, which is totally how I like it!  The rye was fresh and toasted and it all came together perfectly.  But the fries, the fries win my seal of approval!  They were crisp and seasoned correctly, which is a winning fry in my opinion.  I'll see you soon Cains, and will be working my way through your extensive draft list and food menu on the reg!
4	Have heard that Cain's serves a mean breakfast.   Sure enough, they do!A large menu to select from and a Bloody Mary bar.  Many big groups and families chowing down.  It was crowded but when we walked in there was an empty table.  Service was pretty good.  It did take a little while for the food to come out but the place as packed and we were not in any hurry.  My fritata was good and the home fries were good too.Just get there before noon, if you want breakfast.
4	33 beers on tap, good food, and most the bartenders are awesome. I had a chance to talk to the guy who orders all the beers and he was extremely friendly and knowledgeable. They have a ton of TV's which makes it nice as you can watch the games no matter where you are, and that's a plus as weekend nights get packed. Yuengs on special all day Saturday and Craft specials on Tuesday are really nice. From what I've seen it's usually a mixed crowd of older regulars and the younger crowd and everyone seems to get along.
4	What an amazing, amazing brunch they have!! The service on our first visit was a little slow, i blame the kitfhen for that, though. BLOODY MARY BAR FTW. Looking forward to having brunch here many, many times.
5	Wow my Mom,husband and I had dinner there yesterday from a ad in the paper with Valentine's specials for the whole month of February. We ordered the Surf and Turf special. It started with a salad I had their classic which was HUGE and SUPER DELISH !!! The classic salad was a generous amount of spring mix,tomato,cucumber,purple onion,peppercini.   They have so many salad dressing choices not your ordinary blahzay boring choices. The spinach salad was also AMAZING spinach walnuts,feta,cranberries. The Caesar is what you would expect generous portion but average.Then a soup choice of French onion or soup de jour  (soup of the day) my husband had the french onion Wow he said it was prepared perfect and how french onion should be served a nice crock full and nice amount of cheese covering and balance of bread and soup. My mom and I had the soup of the day which was a roasted red pepper mushroom soup this was a soup we had never experienced and boy was it fabbie definitely a soup we shall enjoy again.Now the main course.a 6 oz Filet Mignon and 4-5 oz Lobster tail , Twice baked potato, Fresh white asparagus. The steak was cooked PERFECT my Mom and I ordered med rare my husband ordered his med and there was not an issue with either.If all this wasn't enough choice of homemade desserts  was carrot cake    or brownie a la mode.we all chose the brownie a la mode. It was HUGE the brownie was like a 4x4 brownie with a HUGE scoop of ice cream. Service was EXCELLENT our waitress was on top of things couldn't ask for better what an amazing establishment ! A true hidden GEM !!! All of this for 19.99 !!!!
3	Recently went back to give Cain's another shot. Even though the service was bad the last time I was there, the food was always good. I haven't given the dining room a second try yet, but when I sat in the bar the service was actually good. The bartender was attentive and I never had a problem getting his attention if I needed anything. The food was good, it was served fast, and the portions were huge as usual. Although I am still a bit hesitant to sit in the dining room, I will definitely go back again after this recent experience to at least sit in the bar area.
4	Cain's is a TREASURED INSTITUTION in Dormont, and of course, it's a neighborhood favorite  It's a lot better for those of us who don't live in Dormont now that there is a parking lot across the street, but do be careful if you are attempting to cross West Liberty Avenue during rush (happy) hour!  I've been stopping at Cain's since I can't remember when, and maybe their tap selection has something to do with that.  I have never failed to find something interesting and crafty on tap at Cain's.My favorite night to stop at Cain's is Wednesday.  I try to get there early, because later in the evening, the place is usually packed out, even though there is a lot of seating.  On Wednesdays, Cain's has a special on their excellent chicken wings.  They are done the right way, and among my top favorites in the South Hills.You can't go wrong at Cain's during happy hour.  Half price on all appetizers and a dollar off all drinks from 5 to 7.  But my favorite plan of attack at Cain's is to arrive around 4:45 and order the "half sandwich and a soup" deal they call "express lunch."  It is served until 5:00, and you can't beat a half sandwich and two sides for $5.99.  By the time my food arrives, it's happy hour and the beers are a buck off, but you have to be seated in the bar area, supposedly.  My favorite sandwich to get with this deal is the Reuben, served with some volcano chili and slaw, but I've had other interesting sandwiches there as well.  The chili has got some NICE punch to it, and I am definitely a fan.I remember way back when this place wasn't so pretty, but they have done a nice job with updating the place and you won't be embarrassed to bring a date to this place.  But don't be surprised if you end up having to stand for quite a while before you can get a seat on a Wednesday night.  Chivalry is not dead in Dormont, which is one of my favorite parts of the South Hills, and I have seen young men give up their seats in favor of older ladies at Cain's.  Good people.
4	Great beer on tap selection.  Stopped there for lunch recently and had a salad that will bring me back there again soon.  Many, many TVs in the bar area, so this would be a great place to watch a sporting event.
5	By far the best bar I have been to while I stayed at my sisters for my Vacay... All I have to say is the waitress that helped me rocks ... And the bartender that helped me yesterday rocks too... Thanks for the Fire Cracker drink it was awesome. I hope this gets to them. I really do.
4	Went here because the Chinese restaurant a couple of doors down from Cain's that we were going to was closed. The noise in this place is over the top, so much so that we couldn't have a conversation. We were hungry so we stayed and I'm glad. I got the "Cod father 2" with a side of onion rings. This comes served with french fries and coleslaw and hot sauce served on top. I asked if all the stuff be served on the side because I'm picky about coleslaw. This is a great sandwich, even deconstructed. The cole slaw is creamy without being soggy and the fries are fresh.The onion rings were stellar. My companion got a rubin and she said that it was pretty good.I was too full, but she got a brownie with ice cream and she was very pleased.
4	My husband & I have been here probably a dozen times.  Never once have we had a bad experience.  The menu has a large variety, and everything we've tried has been excellent!...best wings I've ever eaten!!!   Portions are huge and very reasonably priced.  Huge beer selection.  Bartendars are quick & friendly.  Great place to watch games....tons of TV's.   Only con:  The bar area isn't that big, so it fills up quickly.  Oh, and the parking lot that was across the street, is no longer there!
5	I wasn't expecting much but they surely over delivered.  I thought it was just another bar.  It had the bar vibe.  I didn't think the food would be this good.  I am impressed that most of the food is made in-house.  I actually don't remember what I got since it was several weeks ago that I went.  All I know was that the food was much better than any bar food I had.  I would come here again.
4	We go here quite often for lunch. The food is excellent. Service is friendly, but spotty. If your in a hurry for lunch, I would advise you call ahead. I think perhaps the time it takes is because food is made to order. A great thing for the quality and taste but not so much if you have a limited amount of time. The lunch specials are a fantastic deal, and no matter what else I get , I get the spinach salad. It's scrumptious. Definitely recommend this place. Dinner I have had a couple times and the food was good, but the lunch deals are awesome!
4	Currently, we are sitting in a booth enjoying the craft beer selection. We have dined here many times and love it.  It is not your old crowd and not the new drinkers.  The crowd is late 20s and 30s. Perfect for a night out.  There is not a 5 star because the amount of people doesn't fit the nose and the menu is too large for almost midnight. They have full menus until 2am.
5	Awesome fun place!!! The place is always busy, the servers are attentive and the food is delicious.. The wings are cooked perfectly! It's your true pittsburgh bar with seating for dinner in the back!
5	Good local bar with lots of TVs, good draft selection, and better than average bar food. Definitely a step up from the Saloon.
5	I can't review the service because I ordered take out, but oh. My. Goodness my food. I ordered the fried chicken and I can honestly say that I've never picked apart chicken like that before. My only complaint is that there wasn't enough. It was juicy inside and so crispy on the outside. The fries that came along with the chicken were decent, but the fried chicken outshines them so much. It came with coleslaw as well, but it wasn't anything special. Standard coleslaw mix. Anything that was wrong with the rest of the food I received was immediately forgiven when I started eating the chicken. I also got the cheese sticks which are never a disappointment. I can't stop raving about the chicken, though.... GO. EAT CAIN'S FRIED CHICKEN! NOW!
5	My wife and I wanted to try Cain's after we got a Yelp email around Halloween that highlighted the best Bloody Mary's in Pittsburgh. We bookmarked the places and figured eventually we'd hit them all. I called on a Wednesday in February one afternoon asking what time they served breakfast on Sunday's. My wife and I were celebrating our 1 year anniversary and wanted to grab brunch after we had gone for massages in the morning, somewhere laid back that we could also watch the olympics. When I called I didn't see the Yelp page that mentioned no reservations so I asked anyway. I spoke to Joe Demarco(sp?) who was AWESOME! When I told Joey that we wouldn't be able to make it there until 12:30 (they stop serving breakfast at noon) he told me not to worry and that they'd make an exception for us. When we arrived on Sunday they had a table cleared and were ready for us. The food was fantastic! I got the Harvest Benedict (sauteed spinach and a veggie burger with a poached egg smothered in hollandaise). As a vegeterian I like to see stuff like this on the menu, creative veggie fare. The homefries were crispy and well done, and the hollandaise was rich and creamy. The bloody mary bar was a pretty cool idea as well. We had 2 each and enjoyed switching it up a little with the mixers and the various toppings. Nice job with pickles and the blue cheese stuffed olives! The wait staff was super friendly and extremely kind. When we got our bill we were told that Joey had gotten our first round of drinks! Way to go Cain's! You delivered a solid meal, excellent service and a great atmosphere. We'll definitely bring friends here and come back soon!
3	Cain's Saloon has popped up on my radar repeatedly since it opened - many people have stood by it as a fantastic dinner spot and bar. And while I certainly didn't dislike my experience here overall I can't say I quite get what all the fuss is about.I came here for dinner and drinks with a friend and upon first entering we were pleased; the staff got us seats and our waitress very patiently helped us navigate their beer and cider options - which took a while, there were just so many! I truly do praise our waitress and the bar staff for taking my companion's final request, which was a little off-menu. No one complained and they whipped up my friend's drink while I went for a Pear Magner cider. The particular night that we went was wing night, and while wings did sound wonderful we ultimately went for a plate of loaded fries in addition to our separate meals. It took a while to get them, but we figured it was getting busier since it was the evening and we let that slide. Here was where the meal began to lose some of its shine - while at first the fries were absolutely delicious, the more of them that I ate the less appetizing they tasted. I suspect that while the top layer was composed of perfectly cooked fries, the last layer of fries at the bottom of the plate was just drenched in extra grease and oil that kind of ruined the fries themselves for me. Plus, when ordering my sandwich I had asked for one of three sauce options listed on the menu - but once it arrived I realized after biting into it that my sandwich contained the wrong sauce. I didn't bother complaining at that point because of how busy it was - I didn't want to wait for a replacement meal; the sauce I got wasn't too bad or spicy for me, so the sandwich itself still tasted good, but it was still a bit frustrating. After actually finishing our meal, it took an INCREDIBLY long time for us to spot our waitress and flag her down for our check. We're not sure why she disappeared for so long; it was definitely odd to have our service go from above average to below average.And when we ducked into the bathroom on our way out? Good Lord, was that a tiny room! I almost hit someone with the door because you literally only have a foot or two between the door when it opens and the wall, so if anyone is standing on the other side they're often in the door's way by default. And it was almost impossible to sit in the stalls, they were so tiny. Definitely be careful when entering the bathrooms, folks.Needless to say, my experience was pretty mixed - it definitely started out strong but it kind of went downhill throughout the night, although it never hit actual flat-out bad levels. I'd still come back to Cain's if someone wanted to, as their food was certainly enjoyable enough. It's absolutely a decent place with some decent options for food. It just wasn't incredibly impressive to me after all the hype I'd heard.
3	Our night at Cain started out as 4/5 stars.  This was my first visit and I was blown away by the extensive menu and attentive service.  I ordered the Shrimp and Strawberry salad - not something I would usually order at a bar.  But I was not disappointed! The shrimp were of a decent size and seasoned well. The salad was huge and at $12 was just right.  My guests ordered a variety of items including Buffalo Chicken dip (amazing); Spinach Artichoke Dip (great); and for their entrees - the Grilled Romaine salad topped with Filet; Surf and Turf ($14 - WHAT?); and a Steak and Egg something sandwich. Everyone seemed delighted with their respective meals and the drinks flowed all night long thanks to our wonderful server whose name I cannot recall.  Unfortunately, as the evening progressed the bouncer began his shift. Sigh.  I'm sorry, but he just wasn't nice. Not that bouncers need to be cuddly, but dang.  We were seated at the table closest to the door, a table which he clearly despises.  He rudely asked us (the two people seated in the outer seats) to move closer into the table when there was really nowhere for us to go; citing that patrons walking in couldn't do so with us sitting there. Lies.  There was plenty of room for anyone to walk anywhere.  He repeatedly got an attitude with one of our guests both vocally and with his body language; going so far as to seat his stool so close to our table that shoulders were touching. Get over yourself, dude.  I'll visit Cains again, but either won't go when there's a bouncer on duty (which is a ridiculous thing to have to do); or request a table away from the door and annoy the hostess. Either way, he's not a great ambassador for what I'm sure is a great place.
3	Stopped in for breakfast today.Pros: -we were seated almost immediately, and it was crowded!  -the meals we got were great!Cons:-service was super slow. We waited over 10 minutes for a server to take drink orders after we were seated. I had told my wife that we were going to leave if someone didn't come over in 3 minutes more. It wasn't just our server, it seemed like many tables were waiting a long time.
4	Great food and very reasonable prices.   Really enjoy the sandwich and big orders of tasty fries.
2	This place is just average. The service is subpar at best and the waitresses always seem rushed. However, their wings and wing flavors are good, and they have so many tv's there isn't a bad seat in the house if you're there for a game. Now that the parking lot across the street is gone, good luck looking for a spot. I would go back, but only for the wings and the spicy cheese bites.
4	The turkey sandwich on a pretzel bun is my go to meal here. So good. Fun people and a good atmosphere to watch a game
4	It's a nice neighborhood diner, the food quality was descent and portions are pretty big.
5	Great food and atmosphere. Sweet potato waffle fries are the best. Great for Pirate games.
4	Has become one of my favorite breakfast spots.  Was already one of my favorite places to watch a game (TVs cover ever imch of this place - just get there early!).  Great bar food, friendly staff.
5	Great place to watch a game. Friendly staff went out of their way to get my game on even though the Steelers were on at the same time.
5	Outstanding breakfast, lunch or dinner. It is our absolute favorite place for breakfast. You can't beat their 'loaded' omelette. Quality ingredients at a very reasonable price. Their lunch combo's are so good. My favorite, the Ruben and German potato salad. And their portions are large enough that we get two meals for the price of one. Friendly service, you can't miss at Cain's
3	I had heard a lot of different things about Cain's before coming here for the first time around 2pm on a Sunday afternoon. What I heard was true after dining here- food is really good, service leaves a lot to be desired. Two of us were the first to arrive for a party of six. We waited a good 10 minutes at the "please wait to be seated sign". No one even acknowledged us standing there until two other members of our party finally arrived. They were semi busy but cleared out quickly since it was a 4:25 steelers game and several tables there looked like they were heading to the game. Anyways, a server came over about 5 minutes after we were sat. To get our drink order. She was pretty slow getting our drinks out to us. The other two members of our party arrived by then and when she came back she said the kitchen was running 30 minutes behind and we should order appetizers now if we wanted any. Ok so we ordered 6 old bay wings, 12 thai chili wings, and 2 orders of the cheese sticks. The cheese sticks were the best cheese sticks I have ever eaten! They are huge-3 to an order but these are so thick and gooey....and the marinara served with them is a sweeter marinara, it's very good. I didn't try the old bay wings but they were quickly devoured by the rest of the table. The Thai chili wings had a very nice sweeter flavor. And they were large wings too. Very tasty. She came to take our food order prior to our appetizers coming out. They did take awhile but she did warn us they were slow. Entrees came out quickly however. I had ordered the BBQ pulled pork sandwich. It had a horseradish BBQ sauce that sounded really interesting. The server came over halfway through the appetizers and said they ran out of the pulled pork. I was disappointed but I ordered a turkey Rachael with sweet potato waffle fries instead. The sandwich came on marble rye with coleslaw Swiss and thousand island. The fries weren't great and we're kind of soggy. The sandwich though was excellent. Real rotisserie turkey and lots of cold slaw which is how I like it. A steak and egg hoagie was ordered with chips-she said it was really good and it was huge portion wise. Another ordered the pastrami sandwich and another ordered the pastrami salmon blt. Both were said to be tasty. The quesadilla burger and the bacon and blue cheese burger were also ordered and were quickly eaten and said to be delicious . 4 of us took home half of our sandwiches - portions are huge! Our server didn't check on us and it was us who had to flag he down for drinks. This is a great place to watch a game, lots of beers on tap, good food. Service needs to improve but I wll still come back again because the actual meal was tasty and priced right
5	One of my favorite places to eat and catch a game. Excellent service and extremely friendly staff. Wednesday .35 cent wings are awesome! I am a frequent patron and will continue to be one. Love this place!
5	The wings here are fantastic and the cheese sticks are absurd in a very good way. Will definitely be back.
