4	I go here about 4-6 times per month.  Burritos are good.  Nachos are good.  One of the best "hole in the wall" places I've found.  Better than some of the other Mexican "Fast Food" places.  Beats the heck out of Taco Bell.
4	This place is better than any Roberto's I have been to. The staff is friendlier, and their carne asada is leaner as well. I don't find my self having to spit out fatty pieces after every bite of their burritos. The "salad" bar is always fresh and tidy, and the inside dining area is always clean. Minus 1 star for only being open until 11p and making me drive to Amigos Tacos for my after clubbing drunken Mexican food fix.
4	Love this chain! I've only eaten at this particular location a couple of times but frequent their College/Horizon location at least once a week.  Their food is always great and prices are very reasonable.  They have the best deep fried chicken tacos and they're carne asada fries are awesome.  The only thing I wish was better is the guacamole but it's not a deal breaker.  Try the taquitos with carne asada on top next time...it's not on the menu but they'll do it if you ask.
3	Fausto's is in the same strip mall as Jenni Pho, just down the street (south) from Oyshi Sushi. I've been to this strip mall numerous times but just noticed Fausto's a couple days ago. That can't be good for business... having signs so small that people don't even notice it. But, I'm hoping they'll be around for awhile because they've got some decent and cheap Mexican food. I got a chicken chimichanga combo plate that came w/ rice and beans for $6.75. The size of this thing was huge! It was so much food that it almost made me want to vomit... but in a good way. The outside of it was nice and crispy and they smother half of it in sour cream and the other half in guacamole. The chicken was a little tough, but I wasn't expecting fine-dining quality food anyway. The rice was a little dry and the beans were extra mushy. But for the price and quantity, I'll take it. The inside of the place is nice and clean and the staff was friendly. Good cheap eats.
5	Better Mexican food then Roberto's and better portions. The service is great and helpful. Always like the coctel de camarones there. Wish it was closer to the house.
4	I love this place. Even though it's fast food, it's clean and tasty. That's what matters most. I always get the carne asada and chicken soft tacos. It comes with heaping meat, lettuce, and cheese. since I haven't found a great Mexican restaurant in town, I opt for this place whenver I need my fix.
4	Went to this joint as my friend and I decided to try it out due to our Mexican food phase after a recent trip to san Diego. First things first, as compared to other taco shops (robertos, amigos), this place is CLEAN. It's well maintained, and bright on the inside, so it gives your digestive system some peace of mind. Prices are a tad bit cheaper than that of other taco shops, so I went a little crazy and ordered an excessive quantity of food. I had the lengua, carne asada, and fish tacos, along with a sausage breakfast burrito. The standout quality within these were the quality of ingredients, fresh veggies and good, high grade quality lean meat. I especially liked the fish taco as it came served with tartar sauce and a tangy pico de gallo salsa. Breakfast burrito was above average. Overall, faustos will be my taco fixation for the moment, it's a small place located in a strip mall with highly rated yelp restarunts such as Oyshi sushi but don't be afraid to check this place out.
4	Wayyy of strip, this was where we stopped by when we craved breakfast burritos on our way back to LA from Vegas,Chorizo and egg breakfast burrito TOTALLY hit the spot...so big and so tasty. The carne asada fries, which were recommended, were pretty damn good...tons of meat, tons of guac and pretty damn good fries.I was, however, disappointed with the jamaica. It was so ridiculously watered down, it didn't taste like much at all. Not cool!! But the food was still so good.
4	It's cheaper and cleaner than most Amigos and Roberto's. Oh, and the food is better (Enough said).
4	Been a fan of Fausto's for years now and thanks to Yelp I found out about this location. Was also happy to see one of the hardest workers from Stephanie location working at this one. Great food. Can't go wrong with a bacon breakfast burrito.
4	This place is a better value and better tasting than Roberto's (sorry Roberto's faithful.)  You get more food for less money and the food has better flavors and looks more appetizing.  I usually get the two enchiladas special, one shredded beef and one chicken with verde sauce.  They really pile on the cheese at Fausto's whether you dine in or get it to go.  I've noticed that some places will skimp on your to go orders...not the case here.The only one negative is the lack of it being open 24 hours...not a biggie but I believe that's truly the only appeal of Roberto's.  Drunks wanting food at 4am settling for average Mexican fare.  Fausto's is my Mexican fast food joint and has consistently left me with a satisfied tummy...no ill effects the morning after.
4	I am really glad I found this place by searching beef chimichanga on Yelp.  They have a huge selection of fast food Mexican here and everything is fairly cheap.  I had the beef chimichanga and thought it was pretty good; I mean I have had way better.  But for a fast food chain, I was pretty impressed by the quality.  The refried beans and spanish rice were right on the dot; not too salty like most places.  I have yet to try everything else on their menu.  I wish they sold beer here though; that would top it off real good!  But they do have churros!  Yaye! and they're not even stale.  They are crunch and freshly made to order!  I'll be back to try their tacos, enchiladas,and a quick chimichanga! It's real clean up in there too!  You will definitely be satisfied here! Go now if you are craving fast Mexican food!
5	California burrito with chicken! Bomb!
4	just tried this place today. i'm way into it. i got a veggie burrito, it contained rice, refried beans, cheese, sour cream, lettuce and pico de gallo. all the ingredients were fresh and good quality. the tortilla was really good and they grilled it just right. my burrito was only $4, making it the most reasonably priced (decent) burrito i've been able to find in town. they have a killer salsa bar with some of the most refreshing green i've ever tasted. they have a big menu with lots of stuff i want to try, including breakfast and california burritos. i look forward to my next visit.
4	Yum-E!!! I very much enjoyed my carne asada burrito... FULL of carne asada!  Usually when I order a carne asada burrito it's falling apart and I can't put it down without risking having to re-wrap whatever's left of the devastating carne avalanche.  The grilled asada tastes really fresh & there are no beans in this particular burrito which is A-OK with me.  I don't mind the beans, but faustos does an excellent job puttin the right amount  of ingredients to compliment and not overwhelm the burrito.  I've also had the carne asada fries which is plenty for maybe 2-3 ppl. I had takeout-  so I didn't actually eat here, but when I went to pick up my food it was still fresh and warm.  It's a small place that has about maybe 6-8 booths good for 4 ppl.  I've yet to try more from this place.. but per my bffs Michelle E's review... I think i'll be trying the chimichangas someday.  I'll be back Fausto's!
5	I love this place I get the same thing Every time chicken chimichanga.
5	Love their taco salad with carne asada!  Their breakfast burritos are great too - generously sized that for a small eater like me, it could be both breakfast and lunch on the same day! Affordably priced and close to home.  Have been recommending this to family and friends since I first tried it in '07
4	Carne Asada supernachos, no beans!
2	After a recommendation, three of us headed to Fausto's for dinner.  After scanning the wall menu, we ordered three separate combo plates.. They arrived barely Luke warm.  The cheese enchiladas were pretty cheese less, very little filling.  We didn't care for the refried beans on the tostada or the combo plate.  We found them to be very "lardy" tasting.  Nothing special about the chili relleno, either.  I doubt if we will be back anytime soon.  There are just too many Mexican food restaurants in the area.
5	No matter what time of day, this is the place for filling, hot and delicious Mexican food. There's just something a little better about this particular establisment... Perhaps it's because they remember us when we visit or the food is always fresh and hot right off the stove! You can't go wrong here, make sure you get the Carne Asada!
5	Go here once and you will never go back to Roberto's Tacos again!!!
2	Just okay in my opinion.  Went here for lunch today and here's my review:-Grilled Chicken Burrito:  Pretty good size, but lacked some taste.  The burrito was way too neat.  When you have a carne asada or chicken burrito, you expect a messy situation.  This also means that you are killing it like a mad man.  If it isn't all over the place, it doesn't belong to your face.  Scary when chicken doesn't taste like chicken. -Taquitos (Rolled Tacos):  I was disappointed.  Taste like cardboard and believe me, I've eaten cardboard before.  Dry as heck.  The layout of this restaurant is a bit odd.  Small counter and located towards the front.  If you sit near the back, you may not even know your food is ready.  Ours sat there for awhile until another customer brought it to our attention.  I'm still searching for a good FF Mexican Restaurant in Vegas and I'm not talking El Pollo Loco or Taco Bell.  For now, Roberto's by my house will just have to do.
5	Amazing food!
5	The Super burrito is awesome! Will be returning soon.
4	I enjoyed the carne asada burrito.  Very good.
5	Let me say Fausto's is awesome all the way around but this location is clean and the staff is friendly but this is by far some of the best Mexican food in Las Vegas.
5	Almost exactly the same as Roberto's, except it's called Fausto's. No major differences of note.However, if you want a California burrito (fries and carne asada), don't order a California burrito. You'll have to order their Nevada burrito. The California burrito at Fausto's has rice and carne asada. The incorrect burrito naming is a bit blasphemous, but forgiveable because both are delicious.
5	Great "fast food" maybe not as fast as taco bell but a million times better. GREAT deal for fresh food. Had the veggi burrito. Can't wait to go back and try different things
3	This is my favorite hole in the wall Mexican place. Everything on the menu is super cheap & pretty big. The only reason why I gave 3 stars is because the last time I ate there with my husband, we ordered the usual carne asada burrito with cheese & ended up with really bad food poisoning later that day :/
4	I like their al pastor taccos, chicken tacos and carne asada nachos. So if you want good mexican food you'll be satisfied here.
5	One thing that disappoints me about Las Vegas, is the lack of REALLY GOOD hole in the wall Mexican places.  It seems that all of the mexican that comes up on my yelp search is always robertos, don tortacos or taco bell.  Really disappointing.  I've also been to the Bonito Michoacan and I'm not super impressed.  I used to live in California, so I just miss those really good, line-out-the-door mexican spots where there's a huge language barrier but the most amazing food ever! I have been wanting to try Fausto's for quite some time.  I keep watching the yelp reviews because everyone seems to be a fan, but I wasn't convinced that this place that resembles a robertos could be that great.  I think it's the way the menu looks or something, but it was a difficult one for me to actually give a shot.  I got a supreme chicken burrito.  It was awesome.  The only thing I didn't like about it, was how it was served for dine in.  I prefer to cut open my burritos and eat them with a fork and knife but the little dish they gave me to eat off of was too small for the burrito and it would have been half sitting on the table.  LOL.  Their salsa bar is very similar to that of Robertos.  It was comforting that while I was there a ton of mexican families came through and ordered + seemed to be regulars of the place.  I look forward to trying more menu items and boosting this up another star to confirm that this is the best Mexican hole-in-the-wall place in Las Vegas.  :)
5	Only place I will ever go when I'm craving carne asada fries !!! Prices are very great. and the food is always amazing :) Me and my family go here all the time !
5	Great place! Consistent food that delivers every time, I use to go to the Roberto's on blue diamond but they have not been good lately on their food. I can always rely on Fausto's Nevada burritos.
5	I came to this place since chile verde was closedAnd was I surprised how good the food was,It's hard finding a real Mexican authentic food place in Vegas however this place does not disappointThe prices may be a little more expensive then other places however your still getting your money's worth,We had a breakfast burrito came with eggs and potatoes, it was really good,We had the carne asada fries, the fries were a tad undercooked not much to complain about due to the taste of the meat and toppings guacamole and sour cream with cheese was amazing on the friesThe carne asada burrito was also very good the meat was fresh and tasted greatI highly recommend this place or chile verde,
5	Ill start at the door. Definitely a "hole in the wall" but I would recommend this place to my closest friends and family. I personally ordered a steak burrito combination (rice + beans on side). I found that my food was perfect temperature, wasn't "thrown together" like other places in town, and was frankly delicious! The rice was not dry and had great flavor. My burrito was phenomenal, they had some a.w.e.s.o.m.e salsa as well. I will be back! Thank you for the delicious meal Fausto's!
5	My go to Mexican fast food! I've been coming here for two years and everything I've ever ordered has been made on time and was delicious! Customer service can use just a little working on, but overall very nice.
2	I've been eating at Faustos for over 10 years. Mostly at the one on Horizon Ridge and Eastern Ave. I average between 2 and 4 visits per week. I am a huge fan. I have been to this location 6 times and it is disappointing in comparison. The portions are smaller (chicken taco for example has only 50% as much meat) and the restaurant is not clean many times. My visit today found dirty floors and I had to use paper napkins to clean my own table. 6 open tables and all were filthy. The salsa bar was out of red salsa also. Those complaints aside, the food is still very tasty. Way better than the big chain restaurants. I just like their other locations better.And why don't they have prices on the menu like the other locations?Try the ones in Henderson at Horizon Ridge or the Stephanie location. I rate both at 5 stars.
2	Good food. Nice flavors. Although the last time I went the chicken was very chewy.2 things:They didnt have their health grade posted. They had it tucked away behind a counter. It was a B. And the last I went with my husband he waited 10 minutes to order because the guy taking the order was too busy talking to his friend and kept telling him, "ill be right with you." Unproffesional. Because of that, I will not be going back.
2	Had a carne asada burrito and it was OK, but it had a couple "crunchy" parts, which I didn't think should be in there.  Don't think I'll be going back.
5	In my opinion, the carne asada fries are better here than Roberto's. Only because the fries stay crunchy longer vs the one at Roberto's. The fries @ Roberto's become soggy quickly. They also serve tamales!!! Which I love!!
3	Decided to try Fausto's Mexican Grill to see how it stacks up to Roberto's. It wasn't bad. They have an extensive menu to choose from. I tried a chicken soft taco combo that was pretty decent. I LOVE frijoles and these weren't bad either. It's a keeper for nearby, quick, and inexpensive Mexican food when the craving strikes me, which is often...heehee.
3	It's  very cheap on your pockets and very good to your eyes and fare on taste. It beats the other places. I will return.
4	After moved to Vegas, I haven't really find a burrito joint around where I live. My friend recommended me this place, so I decided to give it a try yesterday, and I was not disappointed at all.I ordered the Tuesday special Chicken burrito, and my gf had the Nevada burritothey both taste great, I think we both love the Nevada burrito more, steak and fries in a burrito, what a great combo!My chicken burrito was great for it was only $3I love how they have daily specials for weekdays, it's just awesome when you are trying to save some bucks and still get the great taste and portionthe only downside why I didn't give it a 5-star is due to the kitchen size, the food may take awhile when it gets busy. And I noticed that's why many people call ahead to place the order before they go pick it upthis place is definitely going to be our favorite taco/burrito joint now
5	This place never fails me!!! Awesome eats even late at now and good customer service. They keep it nice and clean inside too which is definitely not what you usually get at a Robertos :( this place is consistent,  decently priced and even open late. Give them a try if you're looking for Mexican food in the area. I've been to all of the ones in this area and this one is the best by FAR!!! Super stoked to have such a consistently yummy place nearby :) Big thanks to Faustos! Keep up the great work guys!
4	Faustos is a place just like robertos or don tortaco the only thing they do different is the beans and the types of chips they use. They have better refried beans than the other two and they offer a little more on the menu. Now i don't recommend breakfast burritos here which are one of my faves but I do recommend the fish tacos, shrimp tacos, carne asada nachos
3	Decent Mexican food for decent price. I'd only get it if I'm craving it. Got the carne asada fries. Not really that great. I'd probably only come back for the burrito deals.
2	Most Mexican restaurants will add an item on their menu just because it is a typical mexican staple, take for example the fish taco from Fausto's, which i have to say is not a good addition to their menu because i got a bland flavor even with the garnishes and sauces combined, but it's there and it's disappointing because it is the first meal that i have with them. I thought the rice and beans would win me over but it did not, again nothing texturally and flavorly special about it.My baseline for a good Mexican restaurant is STILL Moreno's from Chandler, Arizona. They don't have a lot on their menu but the ones they have are authentically good. One dish is not a good measuring stick to rate a restaurant; i have yet to have a favorite from Fausto's, so i'll probably try them again soon because they are close from my house and they have a clean facility with friendly staff. In the meantime, two stars.
4	Great for quick mexican food. Great prices as well. Do yourself a favor and call ahead to make your order and it will be ready within 10 minutes! The chicken nachos are a dream if you're into that sorta thing.
5	Best Mexican food in town.  Small cafe type restaurant so there is no BS just great food and at a fraction of the price at Ricardos or Macayos.
3	this place can be hit or miss. typical Mexican food joint. definitely had better but still good enough for me to come back when I'm in need of my carne asada fix.
3	Must say that the entrees are extremely cheap and generous portions.  Expect to pay $6 to $7.  They have a bar available to pick out your sauces and peppers, it's a nice touch.I ordered the chicken burrito complete meal which includes beans and rice.  It was ok but the biggest minus is that they didn't flavor the chicken meat which is unbelievable!  No wonder they need the sauce bar to give some flavor.
5	You can't go wrong here. I've been to many of these late-night, get in, get out Mexican restaurants such as Roberto's and Donders Tacos (sp?) but nothing compares to Faustos.
4	They have really good tamales here! The tacos are good to love the tortilla they give you with the carintas/ asada plate.
4	Great service. I had the pork carnitas, I'm used to having it shredded but it still had good flavor, but also had a lot of fat. I will try it again but I will order something else next time
3	Workers were kind.  Food is cheap.  I ordered a chicken taco salad which I enjoyed better than what I usually order at Don Tortacos. I didn't like that there was no Sprite or Sierra Mist available for fountain drinks. Other than that this place is good for quick cheap Mexican eats. Can't go wrong.
3	Good food, will definitely try again! I got a fish taco,  a shrimp taco, and medium drink. I loved the shrimp taco! It helped that I caught a glimpse of the cook placing gray fresh shrimp on the grill lolI was not big on the fish taco, mostly because I don't like fried fish. The little condiment bar was nice but some of the radishes did not look fresh.
4	decent mexican fast food. cheap price. the california burrito doesn't have french fries in it, but i really like the flavor. i highly suggest the california burrito
