1	If Pirates took over your school cafeteria and gave you a choice to walk the plank or eat their fish & chips, better put on your swim trunks and practice your backstroke.This was the worst excuse for food I have had in a long time. The fish was square frozen patties that didn't even have a Mrs. Smiths nostalgic taste to them. Instead it reminded me of the movie Soylent Green where the people ate the equivalent of vitamin and protein filled Power Bars. No flavor, no texture, just something to eat because there wasn't anything else. Even their special Pirate Dipping Sauce can only be described as "red."It's not the end of the world yet, and there are a lot of better tasting things out there to spend your $5 on.
3	I tried the shrimp and chips and they were tasty.  The shrimp was a little salty, but with the dipping sauce they tasted fine.  I liked the "chips" a lot.  After reading the other review I'm nervous to try the fish and chips.
1	I am in total agreement with Lily A.  This was one of the worst meals we have ever had.  An article in the AZ Republic quoted the owner as saying that this "food goes down pretty well with the university crowd."  God...I hope they spend their money on beer instead.  I think even grade school cafeterias don't serve this kind of dreck anymore. The fomerly frozen, poured-out-of-a-giant-bag fish was about 1/4" thick and tasteless.  They charge $1.55 for an extra piece.  It's worth maybe 50 cents if you happen to find 2 quarters in your car's ashtray.The small handful of fries was cold, limp and shriveled--maybe the owner can invest in a heat lamp with all the money he is saving on buying cheap, glorified fish sticks. And they charge extra for tartar sauce.  The meal came with 2 red mystery sauces that remained unopened and were dumped in the garbage.  How about giving the customer a choice of 1 sauce and not charging them for it?Decor was drab, tables were dirty and there was food stuck in the cushions of the booth along the wall. Yuk!! I live in the neighborhood and I say never again!
5	WONDERFUL!!! Best shrimp and fish tacos... We were there sat 10/3/09. The food was great everyone loved the food (hubby, daughters 10 9 4 and son 2)  The customer service was exceptional which I dont see often. I did see several people just take a look inside then walk off but u cant judge a book by its cover! We will definately eat there again often and soon!
2	I can't say if Pirate's Fish and Chips was good or bad because it was so unforgettable which to me means it must not have been very good. I never forget a tasty fried food. I went there a while ago and was just not that impressed.  It was okay but no better than Long John Silver's, which isn't saying much.
