4	Searching for a treasure?  This is the place for you.  You never know what you will find when you go in the store.  For that reason, don't go in thinking you are going to find exactly what you had in mind.  They may have something similar, but not exactly.They have everything from luggage, toys, housewares, bedding, towels, outdoor decor...  It just depends on what they get in their shipments.I really like the way this store is set up.  It has a lot of light and the isles are a little easier to manuver in then some of the other Tuesday Morning stores.
2	I'm probably a little biased in this review because of the fact that I can't stand disorganized stores. There are about 5 long aisles of merchandise in the store and it is almost completely random of what you will find (and where you will find it). From my understanding, unknown items come in each week with very good deals. The catch is that you have to be willing to maneuver your way through the mess to get to them... almost like a second-hand store. Not my thing. I'm willing to pay a few more dollars for an item to go into a store and find it located neatly in its place; a place that I know where it is; a place that I know I will find it. (i.e. you need sheets? You know that you can go to target and they're going to have a good selection of brands, styles, and colors... and you know what section of the store you'll find them in... and they're sorted on the shelves in an order that you can quickly find the size you need).
5	I like this store for the selection of neat little gadgets and household stuff like kitchen utensils and such there's a lot to choose from and sometimes you find some good deals on some cool stuff
3	This store always has the most random stuff but I always find something I didn't know I needed! I wish it was a little neater but the prices are amazing. I got a new bedspread that was originally prices at around $600 for $109. I was also able to track down all the pillows etc. in the store. I have also got some really good deals on workout clothes here.
1	Manager Jen H is somewhere just short of useless for problem solving and a mindless twit.  Will be letting company know how she treats customers.
4	Compared to the Tuesday Morning in Tempe, this one is huge and has a lot of selection! They have a good mix of different items, in different price points. Examples of items they had for sale when I was here were seasonal Halloween decor, Samsonite luggage, bath rugs, curtains, bedroom sheets, pet supplies, and kid's toys.
