5	I was a 1-800-Flowers man, but it was Saturday morning before Valentine's day and I just couldn't risk them screwing something up like they sometimes do.  So, I used my Googling skills to quickly find a local place that could hopefully get my wife flowers on time the next day.  Luckily I came across Campus Flowers.  Their online ordering process was painless, their selection good and prices reasonable.  They were able to pull it off and deliver the flowers right on time!
5	The flowers and arrangements at Campus Flowers are beautiful! Tina is so personable and talented. I LOVE that so many stuffed animals are in the store just in case. The bouquet my boyfriend got me for Valentines day was the prettiest I have ever seen! Great value and customer service, I definitely recommend them every time!
5	Tina is always helpful and the flowers are gorgeous. I recently ordered a birthday bouquet for my assistant. It was delivered less than an hour after I called and she loved it.  Tina and her staff are great at creating beautiful presentations at exactly the price point I set every time. I use Campus Flowers for my personal and business floral needs.
5	Love this place always great flowers and service!
5	This service was amazing! I did a last minute order and they got it out the same day without any issue. The bouquet was beautiful and the staff was so easy to work with. I submitted my order online, then called to confirm they received it. Tina checked for the order, immediately called me back, gave me the details, and was so kind and helpful. I was VERY impressed with their customer service, their business service, the price, and their bouquets. I would absolutely recommend Campus Flowers!
5	My co-workers and I love this adorable shop.  We've never had any issues and we've been using them for years now.  They are fast at delivery and give great value for our money. Have a few other bad experiences with other flower shops in the area, so we are so happy we found Campus Flowers!! Thank you for being so close to us and being the Best at what you do!!
1	I just had surgery for the third time. My Mother, who lives in California, ordered some flowers online to be delivered on Friday the 28th of February, the day of my surgery. They didn't arrive. The next day, she received an e-mail stating they would be delivered that day, on March 1st. She called, and they told her there was a mix up with delivery, and it actually wouldn't be delivered until today, Monday, the 3rd of March. They just arrived, right before noon, and they are beautiful, but SERIOUSLY? My mom paid extra to have those delivered to be the DAY of my surgery. Not only did you not deliver until THREE days later, but you didn't offer her any kind of refund on her shipping or purchase. Bad business. I don't care how beautiful the flowers are, if your customer service is lacking, and you don't deliver when you say you will, your business sucks. Shame on you for taking advantage of my mom. You will never get my business (nor hers again), and I will not recommend you to any of my friends and family that live here in Arizona.
4	I've been a customer over the years as I work in Tempe.  This shop does a great job of working with customers and ensuring you get what you want.  They deliver all over the place and the flowers and arrangements are top notch!
5	This place is amazing! The staff is super friendly, the flowers are quality, and the delivery aspect is nice!Ziggy the Flower Piggy is adorable and a nice addition to hold to the incentive when they give away flowers!
