5	I've stayed here a few times.  The staff is wonderful and the rooms are very clean.  They have a great breakfast bar with a good selection of food and drink to start the morning off.  The location is perfect with a lot of restaurant selections nearby.  I would highly recommend.
2	Apparently, 'studio suite' is a euphemism for 'nice dorm room with a larger bed and kitchenette.'  A standard size hotel room, only a single accent chair (no sofa or loveseat), a wall-unit desk/armoire, and desk chair. . .  Add a small bathroom and a kitchenette with a microwave, refrigerator, dishwasher, bar sink and 2-burner cooktop. . .  This is apparently Marriott's idea of an extended stay studio suite under this brand.  Well, as a frequent traveler who spends hundreds of nights a year in hotels, I must tell them they failed with this concept.The majority of staff are friendly, although housekeeping service can be inconsistent.  It's often a bit of a lottery whether towels will be replaced, trash emptied, or in-room coffee service restocked from day-to-day.  All things considered, a reliable and semi-comfortable place for a shorter stay, but I would look elsewhere for extended accommodations.
4	Stayed here for four nights in a two-bedroom suite and was really satisfied. The suite included a full kitchen and was stocked with basics like salt and pepper. The room was clean and just about perfect for our needs. The staff really went out of their way accommodating our requests (is there any bakeware? how about some scissors? etc), so that was appreciated.Don't expect too much from the breakfast offering; it included all the basics but nothing special. The fruit-cocktail-esque-salad and pre-packaged muffin assortment did not impress. On the bright side, there is fresh bread available, so we didn't need to buy a whole loaf for our room when we really only wanted toast. The pool was pretty small, but we weren't really there for an Olympic swimming experience. There is a hot tub, which was great.All in all, big callout for the staff; they were all friendly and very helpful.
5	This is perfect for my family , all of my family which includes our dog. I have always been a marriott fan so I was not surprised that the Towne Suites offered all the perks we need when we are away from home. Free wifi, parking, and breakfast! Staff is very friendly and accommodating!Added bonus it is centrally located to my Az family. We will be back again and again!
