5	Clean new location!  Coffee bean trumps Starbucks anyday.   Now that I'm back in Northern California, I'm missing my sugar-free blended drinks already!Oh and this place has a drive thru too!  What more could ya ask for?
5	This is probably my favorite Coffee Bean location. It's new, it's clean, it's artsy, it's spacious, it's peaceful, and it's near my house!Every time I've gone into this place I've never had to wait in line or wait for a spot to sit down with my laptop which is very convenient. The walls are filled with groovy artwork and Coffee bean signs. They even have a couch and two comfy chairs. If you decide to sit on the couch, you can actually turn the little coffee table into a high desk, it's so cool! You don't even have to ask them for a passcode to go online, you can just connect directly. By far my favorite location. I'll be coming in more often!
2	I know my last review was great, but I've never actually stayed here until closing, surprisingly. I don't think I've ever been in a Coffee Bean that closed at 7pm on a Friday. The sun wasn't even down yet. Not only did they close at 7, but the two girls only gave me and my boyfriend a ONE MINUTE warning before they closed. I was in the middle of typing up homework that I had to submit that night and at 6:59 one girl said to us, "just to let you guys know, we close at 7." I've never gotten a one minute warning before and that really irritated me. It's like they were both too busy talking to each other that they couldn't even let us know that they were closing. I didn't have enough time to finish what I was typing cuz I had to just pack up my laptop and go. One thumb down for your closing time Coffee Bean and another thumb down for your chatty little baristas.
5	this is my favorite coffee bean location in las vegas. the girls are amazing. they know me and my drink by name. always so friendly and willing to listen to tips i have. (ie: foursquare.) and they always make my drink perfectly and can recommend something to me when i feel i need a brief break from my regular iced carmel latte with half powder/half syrup.
5	Ok, I'm gonna admit that I love the Starbucks by my house in LA so I wasn't too happy to be at a Coffee Bean in Las Vegas. It made me feel homesick. I wasn't impressed with the tables or the Christmas music or the atmosphere but then I met the staff and they were SO COOL! One of the girls has a big tattoo of The Beatles on her arm so immediately I'm sold - I'm comin' back!I'm sure the coffee was good too lol!!
5	still my favorite coffee bean. The manager Tina always remembers me by name and always friendly and chatty when my mom and i always go to get our morning coffees. the girls sally, lisa, and katie always make my drink just perfect and always friendly as well. they always suggest new things to try to my boyfriend who doesn't really like coffee. might i recommend the "nutella mocha." it taste just like hot chocolate with a hint of espresso. (it's half hazelnut and half dark chocolate.) or a french vanilla one is tasty as well. I always stick to my iced carmel latte with half the powder and syrup though. it just wins me over everytime. or maybe it could just be the excellent employees who put extra care in it.
4	This Coffee Bean is like that ugly girl you used to hook up with in college...you don't want anyone else to know about it but when you're there your loving every minute of it.  I dont want anyone to know because I love how uncrowded and comfortable it is and its great because the drinks are delicious, baristas are friendly and free wi-fi!There is drive through also which is great because your in and out  fast...much like sneaking into that ugly girls house through the patio or side door all those years ago!Pastries and other foods are tasty as well although there is a more limited selection on this front compared to the hot chick that your never ashamed of (Starbucks).  My only complaint is that it can be a little pricey but hey, what coffee place isn't these days?  Maybe one day I'll bring my friends by to meet her, but I like it much more as my dirty little secret....
5	Did you say you have Red Velvet Hot Cocoa?!  I'm there for sure!I usually order blended Chai Tea with soy milk but when I heard they had red velvet hot cocoa...I had to try it.  Let me just say...I wish it wasn't seasonal but on the other hand if it wasn't, then my whole paycheck will go to Coffee Bean.The chai tea and red velvet hot cocoa are flavorful and satisfying.  What I like about Coffee Bean is that they're not crowded.  What I don't like about them is that there's not much around.
1	Not even worth a rating after today. I have been getting my latte here for a while but no more. First the black woman who I think was the manager spilled the coffee on me as she handed it to me at the drive thru. Then I got to my office and it was not a latte but a regular coffee. So I drove back. The employee was going to give me an extra shot but she (the manager) said I had to pay for it! Pay for it. I just had coffee spilt by her on my pink skirt and received the wrong coffee and had to drive back, utilizing gas and she would not give me a free extra shot for all the aggravation. Very poor customer service for a shot that they probably threw away anyway.Plenty of other coffee spots like Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts on that street.
3	Coffee was on par with other coffee bean locations, but the place is small and there were some kids getting busy in the entry for way too long. There's a Dunkin Donuts next door. I'll probably go there in the future.
5	I love this place The service is great. I have finally got the staff trained on my quad 12oz americano with vanilla. I guess it unique but they are finally over the.. uh.. 4 shots.. 12oz.. dude.. u ok.. lol.. Muffins are kinda brick like.. but coffee rocks!
3	I'm a bit biased as i've worked here before but i've always preferred coffee bean to starbucks or seattles best.   I love their tea options and the staff is usually pretty friendly.  The seating isnt the best here i mean yeh theres plenty of seats but god they're so uncomfy.  Me and my tall legs cant stand sitting there for longer than 30 mins and thats if i'm focused and trying cause theirs a hot girl drinking coffee across from me.
4	This seems to be about as good as coffee shops get in Las Vegas.  I guess everyone is too busy drinking and going to shows to be interested in coffee.  If this were in Minnesota, I'd give them three stars, but out here they get an extra one.  They have locations all over town, including a couple in casinos on and near the strip.  They seem to focus on proprietary blends with names that don't mean anything as opposed to varietals.  Not a very big selection of baked goods.  I tried the blueberry scone.  It was at least scone-like and not obviously frozen.
5	I was a die hard Starbucks fan, and then I had Coffee Bean.  And now I'm a changed woman with a die hard craving for their Ice Blended Vanilla Coffee.  Holy cow.And this location is pretty awesome, especially with it's fancy drive through window.  The staff is pretty nice and friendly.  They let me know if you check in there on foursquare you get 20% off your order!  My app wasn't working (probably because I never use it); too bad Yelp doesn't have a deal cooking with them for that!
4	Great service and the best place to get tea.
5	Yes! Finally perfect coffees and mochas! This place is wayyyy better than Starbucks. I always get the blended dark chocolate. It's just that good.
5	Coffebean over Starrbucks.  Just saying.  I have this obsession with their Hazelnut ice blended (try an "ultimate" ice blended where they blend in fresh espresso beans for a kick!) and Hazelnut Ice latte. The ice blended is not as sweet as Starbucks Frappes (in a good way) and definitely tastier! IF you're a hazelnut fan then this drink will wow your taste-buds.  The secret is they use powdered flavoring vs Starbucks using a liquid syrup.  Now that might not sound as good to some, but try it and tell me otherwise!The drive-thru is swift and the Barista's are warm/friendly. I think they serve smiles and happiness with each cup of coffee. possibly rainbows and sunshines on some days...The girlfriend enjoy's the ice tea's (try the African sunrise ice tea), not too sweet and not to heavy, a PERFECT refreshing summer drink!The store itself a little small but one time i walked in to a book club meeting in the front..i don't know if they were animtronics (ala disney's its a small world) or hired by coffeebean but it set the authentic coffeehouse atmosphere..All was missing was an acoustic guitarist.  jokes :)all kidding aside , come in to do some work or relax and try a Hazelnut iced/hot cofee/latte/blended drink today!
4	At 5pm, this area is like a ghost town and I wasn't even sure if they were open because the lights are so dim. Luckily they were. When we entered we were greeted warmly. I was steeling myself for the worst because my friend had always received mixed service. Sometimes it is friendly and at others condescending. Tonight the young gentlemen behind the counter was very pleasant.I got the monster size mix of their pomegranate blueberry/tropical ice tea. It was brewed to a nice flavor, but it could have been a little stronger. My friend had got the iced tea latte and it was one of the better ones any of the Coffee Beans tend to make.
4	I usually mix my coffee spots up between Starbucks and Coffee bean and tea. I like too keep the atmosphere different while chilling reading my book and sipping on mocha (hot or iced). The thing I enjoy about this location although can be seen as negative too. Small place with not many table mostly two tops four or five along one wall and the front area have nice couch with coffee table sit drink on. Also have couple of leather chairs also chill out on. It usually never busy so never had problem comes too finding spot too kicking back couple hours read my favorite book and my coffee fix. Since not very busy nice part enjoy reading relatively quiet environment and enjoy it more.. The service is always great and friendly. The coffee am mocha person hot or iced always delicious. They usually have little sample cups of pastry try and sometimes have later or new flavor also just taste for free.
5	Always love coming here because this place is never busy.  Nice smile by employee and good drinks.
5	Better than Starbucks. No contest! And super friendly...doesn't feel like a franchise.
4	Typical Bean in a strip mall.  Love their frozen caramel drink.  There was some dude sitting on the patio with some sort of three foot long lizard.  Now I'm not up on my lizards and don't know what type it was but this just strikes me as odd.  I'm going back tomorrow and bringing my Unicorn...that'll get people talking.
5	Yes, there is a Starbucks in every corner and this Coffee Bean is nowhere near my house, but I come ALL the way here for Tina and the rest of the amazing staff.  They remember my order, my name, and details about my life like when I crave coffee over tea!  They even know which girlfriend I'm ordering for when I hit up the drive thru! The coffee and the service are worth the drive any day.
5	They are always nice and friendly and remember me...sometimes the Starbucks in my mall the I visit all of the time doesn't remember me, that says a lot. My order is always right and I do t always feel tht way at every Coffee Bean, this one I will go out of my way for. Keep up the good work!
4	Love this coffee bean! Their coffee is delicious, this location is the closest to my house and the service is always good! Place itself is clean and has tables inside and outside to study, chat, and/or just sit & enjoy your cup of coffee. Sometimes they have samples of pastries and/or teas!Definitely a fan! :)
4	I don't usually drink coffee drinks but I won a contest at work and got hooked up with some gift certs so here I am! I opted for the Iced Mocha... and it was freakin' DELICIOUS!!! I think that is also why I stay away from coffee drinks - they are just so DAMN good I would get one every day!! I hit the drive thru here and the staff was all very nice! Don't forget to tip!
4	I frequently stop at this location due to the proximity to my job. At first, I was not too satisfied with the service. Twice they gave me a regular size drink and charged me for a large.I decided to give them another chance, the third time they gave me a drink without soy milk when I had asked for soy milk. The manager was super friendly and re did my drink free of charge from the 60 cent they charge you for soy. The reason that i keep coming back is solely due to the fact that the staff is friendly.
5	I love this location....Friendly staff & great customer service! It's very nice to be greeted by smiles & fabulous delish drinks! Kudos to this location!
4	Never thought id like Coffeebean because im picky when it comes to coffee. Starbucks or Kona was it. i love their caramel hot latte and caramel ice blended. Price is less and also great taste and most of all, it doesnt give me that crash like Starbucks does. i love Coffeebean and its close to my home but times r tough so i come here when i need a treat.
5	I agree with the other reviews.. This staff is super friendly! I am from LA originally and miss the more availability of Coffee Bean locations compared to Vegas. My favorite is a White Forest (Black Forest using vanilla or white chocolate instead of mocha) so delicious! If you like Starbucks you will like Coffee Bean. We need more Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf in LV.. yes they do great Teas as well if you prefer tea!
1	This review is based solely on this experience because I love Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf as a whole. I stopped there today to get an iced tea and was asked if I wanted it sweetened.  I said yes, and asked if I could have simple syrup or agave syrup because I noticed that they have it.  She asked me how many pumps and I said two and then she gave me the total of $2.49 and directed me to the window to pay.  When I pulled up the person at the window said my total was $3.60 something. I told her that the other person told me it was $2.49 and she replied that they have to charge extra if you get agave nectar. Two problems with this:#1. She should have told me there was an extra charge for it. #2. A dollar something charge for 2 pumps???  Ridiculous. I don't mind paying extra for something I want, but this is not a fair business practice.
4	Definitely one of the chains that I wish would come to Canada. Decent coffee, friendly staff, a variety of sweeteners, soy milk and free WiFi. I keep mentioning free WiFi because roaming charges are ridiculous for traveling Canadians, so this is a great place off the strip to stop for a minute, grab a drink and curate your photos for sharing on social media. Because, let's face it. That $250 phone bill that was waiting for you when you finally got home was thanks to Drunkstagram, not because you were calling Grandma ;).Love that pretty much every Coffee Bean location I've been in to has had good service and coffee. This location was no exception.
5	I love the BLOOD ORANGE TEA here it is so amazing. Every morning before work, I stop in the drive thru and usually order a blood orange tea and an everything bagel. I love how right when I order the tea she always knows my order and says it before I went say it. I love how they remember what you order and recognize your voice. They truly care about giving you 100% customer service. I love coming here before work and ordering my drink and breakfast. I will keep coming back as well, I love this coffee bean and the employees that work there. They are always so friendly and nice.
5	They actually have a drive thru at this location. It's immaculate and customer service is excellent. Drinks are consistently good.
5	If I could give this place 10 stars I would!!! This locations is AWESOME!!! Amber who works here goes out of her way to do anything you need. I have also watched her train other employees while waiting for my drink and she is always so sweet and never snappy with them!
5	HANDS DOWN THE BEST. I always have to make a stop at a CB&TL shop when I'm in Vegas. They seriously are branching out all over Vegas! (; Can't live without their awesome chai tea latte and matcha latte. A regular size is about 4.50?, but on the strip it would probably be like 5.09? Yea, they are a bit more pricey, but def worth it. I can't even describe the heavenly flavor of their drinks. They are so flavorful and so good. Doesn't taste like it's from a powder source like it does at Starbucks sometimes. I haven't really had their coffee, but their mix drinks are pretty bomb. But I highly recommend getting the drink with almond coconut milk which is about 80cents additional. It really enhances the flavors of the drink. (: Anyways this location is quiet and not too busy. Lots of parking and even has a drive thru. Win! Plus it's relatively close to the strip and you don't have to pay the jacked up prices they have on the strip. lol. Service is great. All the workers are super knowledgable of you don't know what to get. They always make recommendations if I'm not sure what to get. Drinks are made pretty fast too! And yes it is hot if you get a hot drink and it stays hot for a while.
5	The staff here is so fantastic!  They are always so happy & friendly.  It's a great way to start my day!  I also love that they offer almond milk!
4	I'm more of a Starbucks person, but I wanted to try something new. I went to coffee bean with my friend her 6 week old baby. The two cashiers were very friendly and engaged with us. I tried their jalepeno cheese bagel. AMAZING. I also bought a cheese danish but I didn't want it until I left and be warmed until then. My friend and I sat in the corner and talked our butts off. One of the girls checked on us to see if we were doing ok and if we needed anything else. So I tested them. I didn't want to mention my cheese danish and see if they would remember if they put it aside for me. We were about to leave, the girl asked me if she wants to warm up my danish for me now. I was shocked! They remembered! Great customer service and good food. Their Blood Orange Sweet Tea was amazing. LOVED IT.
3	$7 for a cup of coffee, really?
5	I come here every morning and regardless of the day I'm having, Tina and Amber and their staff always greet me with a smile on their face and treat me like family. It feels like my version of a Cheers bar and I truly enjoy going in every morning to say hi to the girls!! It's such a great way to start my day and they always know my order and have it ready. They're the best and really amazing people. Love Tina!!!
5	So much better than star bucks! You have to try their blended ice coffee it's amazing! Every TN ING is fresher and better tasting than starbucks.
5	The staff is amazing here! They're always so cheerful and helpful. I normally order the chai tea with almond milk.
4	Very nice atmosphere. Not too busy so it makes getting your morning coffee relaxing when you are not fighting a line. The toffee nut latte is amazing!! The breakfast burrito was questionable at first but overall good. The potatoes are a little heavy, would be nice with ground sausage. There is not really a good menu that is displayed so you have to hold your face up to glass to see what they have.
2	Should have spent 1.00 more and gone to Starbucks. Coffee tastes like crap pastries are hard got my order wrong speaker was beat up didn't hear my complete order. I guess I had it coming for taking a chance on this place again. Starbucks it is whenever I want near by coffee.
5	Best coffee franchise PERIOD! They crush Starbucks. The coffee beans they use are much better than most. All around higher grade coffee than most coffee shops. Plus the ice blendids are amazing. Try one.
