4	I just got back from 75 Thai Taste Restaurant and I have a happy tummy! :) the madre and I were rolling around on the west side and didn't want to enter another chain for a while. We couldn't find a decent place to eat in the 75th Ave & Thomas area and then we came across the 75 Thai. We entered the very new, very clean, very quiet dining room. This place is ran by an older Thai gentleman and his 10 year old granddaughter. The dining room is very well put together with large paintings depicting Thailand and other eastern symbols. I dig the look but I seriously don't dig the quiet. I don't know if it's just because I talk a lot or if it's because I'm a naturally loud person. But everyone in the place spoke in hushed tones. Even me! I wish they could have some music in the background... some Thai music? or something... There was a TV by the restroom showing a show in some asian language. But it was put on mute after a while. :( After reviewing their VAST menu of over 100 dishes, which covered everything from every colored curry under the sun to  vegetarian dishes, Barbeque, Chinese favorites, and soups that I'm looking forward to sampling when the weather gets colder; I ordered the Pad Thai and my mom ordered the Cashew Chicken... I know I know - not the most adventurous selections, but we never been there before! After many hushed words and several other customers entering the room, our order was ready. My Pad Thai was decent. Not great, not terrible... but very decent and authentic, I appreciate that. It was hearty and sweet. At times, too sweet. My mom's cashew chicken had a great kick of chili to it. I loved it... my mom on the other hand felt it was too hot and could only handle about a third of it. I'd take a bite of her spicy dish to offset the sweetness of my dish. Both were actually quite balanced when eaten together. I looove Pad Thai! And most of the other Thai places in the valley are WAY too far. And I hate to say it, but this place earns an extra star because of it's location... however, if it were thousands of light years away like most Thai places, it would only recived 3 stars from yours truely. Over all, I liked this place because I could tell the grandfather really cared about his resturant and I don't like to quickly write off places that have more than money invested in it. I think I will go back one more time for their yellow curry and Kragai. Plus they have these canned juices filled with coconut milk and Orange Pineapple sodas. They looked pretty rad - gotta give those a go! PLUS Every item is under $11! Who doesn't like that?! Better than the maaaany hooks n chains that plauge this area!
5	Friends have often told me how great Thai food is, but until tonight I've never had the opportunity to taste it myself.  Well, I'm happy to tell you that after going to 75th Thai Taste with my friend tonight, I am a fellow fan of Thai food!As I pulled up to the restaurant I noticed a small Mexican joint next to it, and the Mexican blood flowing through my veins pumped a little faster as I considered the possibility of eating Mexican instead.  However, I was determined to get a taste of Thai at 75th Thai Taste (plus I had a good friend whom I haven't seen in a while waiting for me inside).As I entered the door I noticed right away how clean the restaurant was.  I also noticed that the tables and chairs were not the same mundane fast-food-type furniture.  On the contrary, the furniture was different and inviting.My second observation was the glass of water my friend had in which a slice of lime was floating.  I've never seen that before, as most restaurants use slices of lemon, but I was excited because I delight in the taste of lime more than I do that of lemons.As I browsed the menu I noticed many entrees that I wanted to try, however I made the decision to order the Stir Fried Asparagus with beef; it also came with steamed rice.I didn't wait long at all before the food arrived.  The portion of food on the plate looked like more than I could handle -- it was a very generous portion!  :-)  Green asparagus along with red and green bell peppers freckled the brown beef.  It looked delicious, so I dug right in!The first bite had me hooked.  I surprised myself by eating the whole meal, but it was too delicious to save until later!I give 75th Thai Taste 5 stars.  It was my first time trying Thai food, so I don't have anything to compare it to.  But the food was so delicious, the restaurant was clean, and the service was friendly, so if you're around 75th and McDowell, try 75th Thai Taste!  I'm sure you will not be disappointed.
3	I don't live on this side of town, but I met up with some visiting relatives, on their way out of town, for a bon voyage lunch.When we walked in, there was one other couple in the restaurant - not such a great sign seeing as how we arrived at the peak of lunchtime.  Anyway, we sat at a table and looked over a handful of lunch specials.  Three of us ordered from the lunch menu (Pad Thai, Sweet & Sour Chicken, and Garlic Chicken) and one ordered from the menu (fried salmon).Unlike some other Thai (or even Chinese restaurants), the lunch specials did not come with soup and the "egg roll" was actually a small spring roll.  The Pad Thai wasn't cooked in red oil as is common in Western renditions of the dish.  It actually just looked like lo mein with different noodles.  I didn't taste it, so I can't comment on that, but I was told that "it was pretty good, but didn't contain much meat."My order of Sweet & Sour Chicken was somewhat deceiving.  On the menu, it said that it was going to be served with tomatoes, so I expected, like, chunks of tomato, but in actuality, the sauce is tomato paste based.  The chicken was shaved, so it was super thin, and had a weird texture.  The order of Garlic Chicken is exactly the same dish as the Sweet & Sour Chicken, with two exceptions: the sauce (duh!) and the main garnish is ginger.  The dish smells incredible, but if you're not a big fan of ginger, I'd avoid it.  Seriously, they should call it "Ginger Chicken in Garlic Sauce."The Fried Salmon gave the best presentation as it was served with cucumber and tomato (all dishes, but Pad Thai, are served with steamed rice).  The salmon chunks were thinly coated with tempura and then lightly deep fried; they looked so yummy!  Looks, however, can be deceiving.The salmon meat was relatively tough, yet, crumbly, and it tasted mainly like the inside of a fridge or tupperware.All of the food I tasted (particularly the "Garlic Chicken") was extremely salty, but to their credit, they do give you large portions - with the exception of the Pad Thai, we all took food home.Just a heads up on beverages - they're pricier than most other places of this caliber.  For example, if you want coffee, you're gonna have to shell out $3.50.  Apparently, they think very highly of their coffee.  Perhaps, they use Starbucks brand, therefore, they think they can charge Starbucks prices.  *shrug*This place wasn't terrible and the waiter/owner was attentive, but I won't be going back; I just didn't enjoy the food that much.I would rate this as a two-star experience, but I'm giving it three because when you walk in, you can tell that the owners are trying so hard, but they either just don't know what they're doing (as far as price vs. the competition is concerned), or they think their food is much more delicious than I do.
5	I think this is a great little off the way place. Haven't had much luck in finding great Asian food in Arizona, but this place is definitely one of the best places that I've had. I enjoy eating Panang with duck and their Fish (Thai style). The amount of spice is great and spicy enough for me (I didn't realize that it was a Level 1 spice...then I thought how weak I was). I was shocked, but oh-so-good! I try to go every month and more so if I can and I've never left the place without ordering Panang. The price and amount of food you get is decent. I would without-a-doubt recommend this place to anyone. The workers are nice.
4	Pleasantly surprised about the excellent lunch had there this afternoon with a co worker. Had a lunch special # 4 Cashew Chicken Vegetable. Came with white rice and an egg roll. Companion had the # 10 Pad See Yu. Both plates were large and excellent. Lots of flavor and was among the best Thai I have had in Phoenix. The prices were great, $6.99 for the lunch specials. I will be back.
4	So read about this place on Yelp but i was a little concerned about the area. 75th and McDowell isn't the best neighborhood but I am so glad I went to the old Westridge area(know known as Desert Sky since it sounds less gang-ish). Anyway the food was great. They do both take out and sit down and we decided to stay. The place was very clean, food was fast and excellent. The Tom Yam Gai soup was amazing. My and the Hubby like it spicy and this sop delivered, we were very glad we didn't ask for extra spice, the soup had enough kick. The only strange thing about the soup is that it had tomatoes in it. I've had Tom Yam Gai soup many times at many places but never with tomatoes but it was still excellent. We split the Spicy basil chicken and again it was very yummy. There was a great balance of flavors as well as plenty of meat in the dish. The portions were plentiful we split the soup and an entree and we took soup and the entree leftovers home. Definitely worth going to!! I'd give it 5 stars but the area is well....75th and McDowell but i will go back, besides if it gets to well known I wont have my new secret Thai restaurant anymore!!!
4	I've gotten takeout from this place twice now and both times I have been very pleased. Their food is extremely flavorful and well prepared. The atmosphere is the actual restaurant is nothing to write home about, however it is extremely clean.We will continue going back here!
4	Love my 75 Thai Taste! We visit here a few times a month. My favorites are the Chicken and Coconut soup, Shrimp Goong, Green Curry, Red Shrimp Curry, the crab wonton and Veggie Spring Rolls.My kids regularly order the seafood noodles. Thai tea has just the right amount of spices in it and love the creaminess. YummOI would have given it 5 stars but the prices are a bit high to me but that doesn't keep me from visiting as often as I can.
3	This place was fine, but nothing great. Because of all the positive reviews, i went to check it out, but maybe it was because of all the positive reviews that i let my expectations get too high, and so i was more disappointed. The food was good, but nothing I'd return a 2nd time for. I got the vegetarian pad thai, but there were zero vegetables in it. Just a pile of noodles with tofu. It tasted good, but wasn't worth spending money on. I could have thrown noodles and tofu together at home for free. The fresh spring rolls were good. My boyfriend ordered Pad Kee Mow (sp?) which was probably the best dish on the table, but still nothing to make me give this place more than 3 stars. Atmosphere was very strip-mallish. Bare bones decor, and super large blaring tv in the corner. So the "ok" food plus the atmosphere only allows me to give this place 3 stars.
4	Great place for Thai! The restaurant was clean and open. There isn't any ambiance music so that can go one of two ways: intimate, like your own family dinner or slightly awkward.The prices are reasonable. At first when I saw it was $3 for white rice, I was shocked, but you get a good portion size. The Pad Thai was good, not too sweet or vinegar-ish.If I'm in the area the next time I'm in town, I'll totally go back. Yum!
4	Went in to check it out after hearing good reviews. I am a huge fan of the pad sew ew (I probably spelt that wrong) and it was given to us in a good amount of time. And it was DELICIOUS. I also had the Thai tea and that was marvelous as well. We were also given glasses of water that he would routinely refill. The price was really good too. I would give it 5 stars but I went on my birthday and wasn't given anything extra. But overall I definitely recommend this place!!!
4	The server who I'm assuming is the owner was super nice and on point with everything. Fast, clean, and good customer service. My boyfriend and I got their chicken spring rolls, chicken pad Thai, and tried their roasted duck. Everything was great! I normally don't like duck, but I tried it and was pretty good. My boyfriend demolished it!! Definitely recommend this place.
4	A little different than I'm used to, but pretty tasty! I had take-out.I ordered the chicken coconut soup. Really good flavor, served piping hot. I appreciate the chunks of mushroom and tomatoes. I order the gai tohm kah from Thai Rama and it was pretty close, but not spicy. Now that I know I can order it spicy next time.I also got the spicy garlic chicken. It had fancy sliced carrots and bell peppers in it. Very yummy. It had just a hint of spicy. They didn't ask me how I wanted it, so I just went with it. I could have taken it a little hotter, but no big deal. I'm so happy it seems I've found a trusty Thai place on the westside! I saw several people with pad thai, it looked really good...maybe next time!
4	Loved it -- great pad thai, curry, panang. Spicy flavor lingered -- but it wasn't too much. I felt like I was back in a simple neighborhood restaurant in Bangkok -- complete with droning television -- except it was all in English.
3	our host had the slow shuffle and glazed look common to failing business owners and death row inmates. you could almost hear the steady murmur of "dead man walking" above some silly FOX show (yeah, i know that's redundant) playing on the widescreen. the restaurant was empty except for our party of four. that's never, ever a good sign especially on a friday evening at 7:30 when everything should be jumping. too bad, really, 'cause the food, though kinda generic, was pretty good. PAD THAI, the kid's favorite. was quite good. less catsup and sugar than most incarnations, the sauce had a nice tamarind tang. JULIANA and WYATT shared an order and finished most of it. my wife's SPICY PORK and EGGPLANT was better than most -- i managed to snag a taste when she wasn't looking. i had the PANANG BEEF CURRY spicy and it actually had a little kick -- that alone was fairly unique in my recent experience. nice flavor with green beans and bell pepper. i don't know about the previous 74 but would say the 75th THAI TASTE was pretty good.
4	We ordered a coconut curry with chicken and a chicken/tofu pad thai. The coconut curry dish was awesome!!  The pad thai was nothing extraordinary, but still pretty good. I recommend hitting this place up.
2	Making a dish somewhat spicy should take more than just tossing pepper flakes onto it - both the pineapple fried rice and pad Thai turned crunchy in the process. Unimpressed. And what is with the TV? Was playing some celebrity plastic surgery disasters show.
4	I was early for a meeting in Tolleson (I'm from California) and used my iPad and Yelp to find a restaurant nearby for lunch.  I selected 75th Thai based on the Yelp Reviews, and I have to say I agree with the positive comments.All I can comment on was the beef panang, which had a deep, rich, flavorful sauce and just enough spice to make me break a sweat.  Portions were good sized and while the curry could have used quite a bit more beef, I don't mind my curries heavy on the sauce and light on the meat.The taste was authentic Thai, and not watered-down, heavy on the coconut for American tastes.
5	I totally love this little place!!! The family that owns this place are friendly. The service I've received have always been excellent. The food has never failed me. I love their Panang and Eggplant...I find it really difficult to avoid ordering the same thing, but it's just so yummy! This is by far the best Thai food I've had in the Phoenix area.
5	I love this place. The food is excellent. Service is good. The restaurant itself is kinda small. No worries tho. I recommend this place.
3	I've eaten here three times. The spicy basil dish with rice is very good, but not really spicy unless you add hot sauce at the table. Pad thai is way too salty. It is made different here than i've had it anywhere else. Prices are fair.
5	This place gets five stars for several reasons.  First and foremost, it get's a great review for the large portions, fresh ingredients and incredible taste!  Hole in the wall type restaurants usually scare me because the quality and cleanliness is questionable, but after several visits to this place I am wary no longer.  Time and time again the food has delivered on all levels, not to mention the price.  The man, who I assume is the owner because he's always there, is very kind and provides excellent service.  He often stays open later to accommodate customers.  If I had one complaint it would be that it's not open later because I crave it at all hours of the day!
5	Nestled amongst all the carnicerias, filibertos, eribertos, davidbertos, etc-bertos is a little diamond in the rough neighborhood known as "Maryvale".  75 Thai is the bomb-diggity! Ok, so I have really only ever had one entree  (even though I've been there a dozen or so times) but still it's delicious.  I can speak on the Chicken Pad Woon-Sen.  Flavor, flavor, FLAVOR! The veggies and glass noodles are delicious and the chicken is always tender.  Of course you can order it with beef, pork, or shrimp as well.  When my "techie" friends and I go, they always order family style and order different menus and share.  There have never been any complaints about any of the dishes they have tried!  However, there are a couple of us at the table who are given grief and called stingy because we just don't like to share (mostly because we like our leftovers!)  Meaning...HUGE servings!  I suggest starting off with their veggie spring rolls that are served with a savory sauce for dipping and always get extra rice! Oh, don't forget the Thai tea! The place is not too big or too small.  The owner is also your server, bus boy, and cashier!  He is very quiet and soft spoken but very friendly! I'm lucky enough to work within 5 minutes so maybe next time I'll venture and try something new...but that Pad Woon Sen always calls my name!
3	Alas, my search for authentic Thai continues. I ordered tom yum goong and was disappointed to find they had added an ingredient that is not typical and changes the entire flavor profile... tomatoes! I have talked to many restaraunt owners who tell me the reason they add ingredients to Thai dishes is to add color. Adding red bell peppers or tomato is changing the whole entire dish! I am very disappointed, and I wanted to add that it was not fresh, and heard their microwave while I waited for my takeout.
4	We've been going here a few times and were craving Thai food after being on vacay for a month.  We head to the place and noticed all the chairs were up. This location is now closed!  They have a sign saying they have moved but there is no address to where they have moved yet. The food here was good.  The price/size/quality made us coming back for more.  Very sad to see this place closed down but would love to know where they have moved to.
