3	It was somewhat clean and somewhat spacious, but this place was undergoing renovation when we showed up, and it was apparent why.Is it the Hotel Casa Grande or the Holiday Inn? They don't know. It's going from one to the other or vice versa, with duct tape over some Holiday Inn markers, and others being erected.Reasonable rates, though. They also have a pool and hot tub.
3	Decent for a Holiday Inn. Apparently they remodeled in 2007 and the grounds were very nice, the rooms extremely clean, the staff friendly and more than helpful. Only stayed 1 night here, but the rates are reasonable and the location is good.They offer complimentary wireless internet which worked great. The speed was fine and connecting was very easy.
4	great place to stay, we had our wedding here, met our expections perfect. the catering was great, hector and his crew were great.nice staff and ideal place to hold a event or function.
2	I've stayed here a few times. Rooms here are hit or miss. A few have leaky/noisey plumbing, the internet speed varies greatly from room to room, and if you use a microwave they need to be unplugged to keep them from beeping all night. I never even noticed the train, to be honest, so I can't confirm it's apparent overbearing noise. I personally don't like their breakfast buffet. The food is good, but I prefer a breakfast that I can get quickly and just go to work. Their buffet is more like a sit down restaurant.I've stayed in almost every hotel in Casa Grande and I have to say that there are better options than the Holiday Inn for cheaper. If you like the brand and can afford it, go to the Holiday Inn Express instead.Pros: Friendly staff, clean rooms, nice grounds.Cons: slow internet, faulty appliances.
4	Liked the place a lot. Nice room ( suite ), 140 bucks, clean, everything worked, Internet a bit slow, but that's to be expected. Heated pool, great landscaping, friendly staff. Stayed two days over Thanksgiving. First floor room with patio. Had thanksgiving buffet in their ballroom. Less than 65 bucks for three of us. Turkey, ham, carving station roast beef, everything you could want. Very good.Would have given 5 stars except that status is reserved, by me, for the truly extraordinary, which this place does not quite rise to.Swam in the pool...great.Enjoyed the stay.
3	The hotel was clean, the staff was friendly. The complimentary breakfast was a nice surprise with an array of choices; scrambled eggs, bacon, muffins, fresh fruit, danish's, pancakes and French toast, yogurt, homemade oatmeal, and cereal. I was very pleased with breakfast. I am satisfied with booking this hotel and my stay. The rooms were a bit musty though and you can here the trains going by every now and again.I did feel safe and they have security that walks the grounds at night. I would stay there again if driving through. Remember,  there's not a whole lot of choices in that area to choose from. I feel I made the best choice possible for that area and price reasonability.
3	I've stayed here at least 5 times for business. The hotel is decent but make sure you ask for a room away from the railroad. Otherwise you'll be up all night with freight trains honking horns. Also the restaurant isn't good.
1	Probably worst place I have ever stayed in.  Our bathroom light was out the entire time we had our room.  The front desk staff was rude and snappy. Overheard them speaking badly of other guests. The waitress at breakfast had her new born and husband in the booth next to us.  She ignored us, while she was cradling her baby in her arms.  We never got refills. The other few times, the waitress never came up to our table.  I wondered if anyone actually worked there.  We had flown in from Chicago.  That area seemed like a ghost town.  On Sundays ALL the shops are closed!  While trying to use the pool, it took housekeeping an hour to bring over pool towels.  The three times we went to pool.  The bar was always empty and when we did visit it, the bartender was an hour late.  If it hadn't been because of a wedding party, I probably would have looked elsewhere.  There are NO attractions close by, especially on foot.  If you are from Midwest buy bottled water!  If you are just looking for an extremely soft bed where you would sink in.  Feel free to stay here.
1	Checked in while on a business trip and checked out the next day to move to another hotel. Top three complaints, 1) room smelt like mold. 2) the dryer doesn't dry clothes. 3)  sprinklers spray into the parking lot and leaves water spots all over my car. The list if issues here are long and it's not worth it. Just pay the few extra $$ and stay at the holiday inn express down the road.
5	This was the site of the 27th Pinal County Town Hall in October 1-3, 2014.  The staff at this hotel was the friendliest I have had the chance to work with.  Also the food at the hotel bar and grill (Cabo's) was great as well.  The room I had was clean and comfortable.
5	I stayed here at Holiday Inn for work. If you are a priority club member u receive a free breakfast and dinner voucher and a complimentary drink voucher. They provide free dry-cleaning and wash. Service is great, employees are friendly. I'd stay here again if I come back out to Casa Grande.
