1	I refrain from writing bad reviews but I did think it is important to review this one. I got a living social coupon for carpet cleaning for 3 rooms.The cleaner (who seems to be the owner too) scheduled a time between 12 and 2 p.m. on a Thursday...When no one showed up at the designated time, I called to check and was told by him that they were running late and would be there is 30 minutes. They arrived after 30 minutes.I was told that the voucher I had bought was for steam cleaning and if we wanted a deeper cleaning for the heavy traffic areas, we could pay additional money and get it done. Since I had bought this voucher cause the intent was to get the carpet cleaned, we paid the additional amount in the hopes of getting the carpet really cleaned. They counted the living room area near the dining table as a seperate room(which is fair) and cleaned 1 room in addition to the living room area. He even suggested we scotch guard the area near the door to prevent any stains, as that was a high traffic area. This was additional money but we thought it may be worth it. Well, not really, cause he just came back with a can spray and sprayed the area in 2 minutes...(I guess we could have done the same with a can from the store)The carpet was still wet so only figured after they left, that the high traffic areas were still dirty and the stains had not gone away.I called him to explain and he understood and asked me to call again. After a few calls missed, we arranged for a time for him to come and see the carpet and fix the stains.Again, we scheduled for him to come by between 3 and 5 p.m. and no one showed up. When i called, the person who answered said he had come to my home, and called me as well and left a card outside since no one was home.I was home, did not receive any call on my phone, no one knocked at the door, and there was no card outside. The lady said she would check and call me back. I waited for an hour and called back, as I had already wasted part of my day, and the guy answered and said the same thing. He then said he would call back and abruptly hung up. As I expected no one called back.I wish they had just been straightforward and said no instead of wasting my time.I would have thought that they would be more concerned about their service levels and customer feedback, but its clear they do not care.
1	These guys suck! Got a coupon from living social & they rescheduled 3 times that month. The day I finally got the carpet cleaned they called back 30 mins. Before my appt. & asked if I could reschedule 4 another day. I told the very polite girl no & so she said the could probably do it that later on that day. She would call me back. She never did & when I called 2 hrs. Later she said she thought she did & scheduled me for 5:30 to 7:30pm. When the owner finally called around 7:20pm he asked 4 my address which I had told him 4 times from the previous appts. & that day. I live on major cross st.s my apt. Complex is half a city block & w/ good simple directions still couldn't find it.LOL. They showed up @ 7:40pm. & tried 2 do the upsell w/ the "deeper" clean. I told them that the whole purpose of getting my carpets professionally clean was 4 a deeper clean. I could just do it w/ my carpet cleaner. I also have a dog & she had a couple of accidents that I was aware of. He did the UV flashlight thing & I told him I know where she pottied . I have a solution that I use that is far more superior than anything he had. I just needed my carpet cleaned so I could use it. He had that stuff u buy @ any store that doesn't work. After trying 2 argue w/ me 4 several minutes he finally relented. They got to work & it took longer 4 me 2 move my furniture out of the way than they took 2 clean my carpets. I do a waaay better job w/ my bissel. How sad & dissapointing. I give them a F-. What a scam artist.
1	Just got scammed on carpet cleaning...DON'T USE ALL IN 1 CLEANERS IN VEGAS!!!...Paid for stream clean on living social...I confirmed before paying I'd forgo cleaning one room to instead do the stairs, he gets here and says stairs are extra no matter what so I have to flip out for 5mins to get him to fold on doing the stairs...then they start cleaning, what they do is shit literally doing NOTHING (my fault for not educating myself on the 50 different ways to clean a carpet)...then say oh if you want a deep clean that's $60 more...and deep cleaning $15/room and to do 2 rooms would be $60...further proving my point this guy has some sort of traumatic brain injury! So im like i basically paid you to get my carpets wet? Then he asked what else can i do maam? I said you can finish n get the heck out...Not to mention he just asked me which room I asked him not to go in no less that 6 freaking times!!! ! i wanna push this guy down the stairs but my roommate woun't let me because he said I'd get retard all over the walls....grrrr
1	Seriously, I didn't even think to check reviews on this company before I purchased the Living Social deal.  I wanted to deep clean my grout, so of course they upsold me on the "deep clean."  I have a rather large great room, and my baby is about to start crawling, so I figured, why not.  I paid $280 to deep clean and "seal" the grout.I don't even know where to start.  Nick, the technician, at first claimed that I wouldn't need the deep clean because the grout (a medium color) didn't even look too dirty.  I thought, wow, what an honest company.  Then he found a "light spot" under the couch and said that after all, I would need it.  I said fine, because I'm concerned about my baby.  I also asked for a grout seal.Well, after all is said and done, I paid them $280 and my floor looks EXACTLY like it did before.  THEY DIDN'T EVEN MOVE MY COUCH OR BIG FURNITURE TO GET UNDERNEATH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Nick noticed that the floor looked the same, and then gave me an excuse, saying "Your grout is multi-colored and very dense, like cement for outside."This is the worst experience I've had with any company of any sort in Las Vegas.  I will never use them again.  I'm also re-thinking purchasing any Living Social deals based on this experience alone.
1	living socail buyers beware. This is not her first company kike this that offers terrible service, and only wants to "sell you" on more services. They are terrible to try and get anything scheduled, took me 3 weeks to find a day and time that would work with my schedule, then they don't even show up when they say. I moved all my furniture waited to be able to prepare dinner for my family( as they were supposed to clean my time and grout) only to have them say they would not even be able to show up until after 5 pm. I just cancelled, and told them I would like my money back, and he said to take it up with Living social. Very unreputable company !! and shame on Living socil for not checking them out better. This seems to be a common theme with their "service type" offers.
