5	I just purchased my second home with Greg which was just as fun and productive as purchasing my first home with him! Greg both helps you find listings and supports any you find yourself and that flexibility makes the home-buying process so much less stressful. He has an amazing understanding of the Phoenix market and neighborhoods and knows when to move fast and how to negotiate with sellers. I am terrible at finding great deals for myself but I felt so good about the deal he negotiated for me that I'm still smiling about it, weeks later! And I think he may have been more excited about my home than even I was! I trust Greg's advice and experiences implicitly and am so grateful for his service and knowledge. I love my new home and would recommend him to anyone!
5	Greg is a unique agent because he truly CARES about his clients and their interests. He is honest, hard working, very professional and extremely knowledgeable of the market and real estate industry. Greg provides great advice through research and has excellent negotiation skills. Greg also uses amazing software that makes it extremely easy for basic computer users to automate what previously took a great deal of time in the home buying and selling process.He is a real pleasure to work with, he did a great job and sold our home very fast and for top dollar!Todd & Debbie Hicks, Gilbert, AZ
5	This was the first house I bought on my own and Greg made the whole experience very easy. He was always punctual and flexible in his availability to look at houses. And we looked at quite a few houses! All the while Greg was very helpful in guiding me through making some changes to my budget and the locations in which I was searching, giving me advice on what I can compromise on. After doing some shopping on my own, Greg also connected me to a mortgage broker and I got an excellent financing deal!As we looked at houses he was knowledgeable about the listing agents and had a strategy on how he might work with each agent. Through the offer process Greg was a great advocate for me, partnering with the seller's agent to negotiate a price and ensure repairs were completed.Greg has a lot of experience in the Phoenix real estate market, is a part of the community of realtors and had a wealth of information and referrals for all kinds of resources. I highly recommend him and will definitely work with him again!
5	Greg is the real estate expert you want on your side! I have sold one and purchased two houses with Greg, so I have experience with him as a seller's agent and a buyer's agent. Greg excels at both. Each experience with Greg was great and went smoothly. Greg is knowledgeable, friendly, and passionate about his work. As my seller's agent, Greg used his expertise to formulate a listing strategy, which was quite impressive. It was also successful because I made a profit on my house even when I didn't expect to make one. Greg negotiated a great deal for me.As my buyer's agent, Greg worked hard and did his research to find me the best house for my money. Once I found the house, Greg worked hard and negotiated to get me an amazing deal.During the buying process, Greg will represent you and your interests as if he were buying the house for himself. He will let you know if he doesn't think a house is quality or worth the money - he won't just tell you what you want to hear to make the sale like many other agents. He puts your interests first, even if that means a smaller commission for himself. Greg is an excellent negotiator and he will fight to get you the best deal possible.I recommend Greg wholeheartedly. There is no one else I would rather use as my realtor.
