3	I was so excited to go to the Premium Outlets to check out the Dooney and Bourke store. My co-worker recently bought a cute Dooney and Bourke lunch bag from another outlet and I was eager to check out the cute items that this outlet would have. I was even more excited because I received an email from Dooney and Bourke that they were giving 20% off coupons for the weekend.We had a bit of trouble at first locating the Dooney and Bourke because it was off to the back of the outlets. Perhaps that was why when we walked in there were not that many people. Perhaps other folks couldn't find it either hehe.I went around and around the store but there didn't seem to be anything that really caught my eye. In all honesty I didn't think they had that much selection. They did have items that were on sale but they were items I've seen before. The older the style, the lower the price. Anything new was definitely not on sale. Although I didn't buy anything, I was not disappointed walking out. I left more thinking that Dooney and Bourke was not for me.
4	Whenever we're here, we take a look at what they have- the inventory constantly changes, as do the sales and promotions. My mother-in-law is a fan (ok, yeah, I am too) so we're always scoping for gifts (birthday, holidays). There are a couple sections where the bags are an extra 30% off the marked price (handwritten in pen). Sometimes there are promotions with tote bags (can use as baby bags)- $79/$99- but that's a once-a-year promo. The back walls have the most expensive products- the "all weather leather" collection that has made a comeback in other colors besides brown, cream, hunter, navy, & black. (one of Dooney & Bourke's exclusive classic timeless designs- I still see people today carry the originals around, from twenty years plus ago). The middle section, near the cashier, has the wristlets and wallets (average price is about $36 for wristlets). Sometimes there are boxes (on the floor) with crossbody bags along the wall just past the middle of the store. I've seen:  IT (coated fabric), shadow, signature, crossword, linen, croc, leather, calf leather, all-weather leather, vaccheta, fairfield, alto, rope, and picnic- all past season stuff (doesn't everything eventually end up as past season, at some point?). I like some of the designs, but not all, it just depends on the style and color. I have a few of the tassel totes, a bucket bag, and barrel bags. If you would like to acquire a piece without paying full price, I recommend that you come here. The insider booklet has a promotion, expires on 7/31/11- free gift with $150 purchase. I know that there is a guarantee on their products when you buy them retail- must be registered (that little yellow card must be filled out and mailed back) in order to get repaired or replaced. For registration number, look for the red and white Dooney & Bourke tag inside, the number is in back. There is a line available on the QVC channel and online, but it is made exclusively for them. Also available in department stores like Macy's and Dillards. I've also seen the line at Marshall's and TJ Maxx- usually, at very different styles and colors, though. For current styles, check out the website www.dooney.com- and be sure to click on "specials" (changes every month) and "under $100" for bargains. Flat rate shipping on all orders.  It's a small store but the use of space is good (the displays, the stands, the walls). It doesn't feel cramped at all. It's nicely organized and clean- and the bag receptacles are full, but not jam-packed. It's funny that there are so many sales people (who are very nice, BTW- not snooty like the one in Southern CA) here and not that many people shopping (might be in the general area for designer bags though, since there are so many choices- I call it the designer bag wing of the Premium Outlets). Sometimes you'll get the ever enthusiastic sales man with a calculator trying to push a sale (we know it's a good deal, but sometimes we're doing more shopping in the mall). We find it more empty than full at times. But then again, maybe that depends on the time of day, too. If it's too hot, we're here in the mornings or nights, but not in the afternoon. BTW, There is one retail store at the Venetian (but it's too much trouble to find a parking spot in the parking garage).
