1	Wow I hate giving poor reviews, but when you are greeted with poor customer service I have to let everyone know.I have to share my experience with you so you will not be surprised by the poor customer service at this location.  I have used Enterprise in the past at the Sanderson Lincoln location several times when my Navigator was in for warranty repairs: excellent customer service there.OK, so I gave Enterprise in Surprise a call and was told reserve online, in person it is more cash.  So I did just that, reserved the car got the confirmation etc.  Once I get there this is when it all falls apart.  Ok they look me up, no cars till 5pm.  It is 2pm.  Also Nicole noted that I wanted to use my ATM/visa card to pay.  Ok she informs me that I need 2 utility bills if I want to use ATM/visa?  Wow since I don't want to charge the rental I need utility bills and they don't even have a car that I can rent?Glad I drove 15 minutes to get the bad news.  Nicole did not care, gladly cancelled my reservation and continued on answering the phone.  Wow what poor customer service I really felt they did not want my business here.  Been a long time since I felt that way about any business.  I will gladly never use Enterprise in Surprise.  I would of used Budget Rent a car down the street, but they were sold out.
5	I absolutely love the service i received from Enterprise. They do pick-up to and from wherever you are after you return the vehicle.The associated are very thorough and don't try to rip you off....I would definitely come back and rent a car here instead of at PHX to save a little more money.They have weekend promos that are awesome!
5	Maximum quality for minimum price! I always check multiple sites to make sure I get the best rates & I've always found them to be the most reasonable in this area. I normally call the local Surprise Enterprise office first and ask if they have any specials. From time to time they have phone reservation offers that are actually cheaper than booking online! They have great customer service, but Monday and Saturday mornings tend to be REALLY busy. Get there as early as you can and be prepared to wait for a minute.
5	Absolutely the best customer service ever!!  They always have the best rates and great vehicles.  I would recommend them over and over again!
5	Very good customer service. Great rates. Even gave me a ride back home right away. Will be back again.
1	I have been renting from this Enterprise location for over 3 years on a commercial account. I walk in today to pick up my "RESERVATION"  an they tell me I need a copy of a utility or cell phone bill. WTF I have a commercial account. I am seeing people walk in here to rent all the time with no copy of a bill.WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER! I HAD TO GIVE IT 1 START BECAUSE ZERO WAS NOT AN OPTION. ENTERPRISE JUST LOST MY YEARLY BUSINESS!
1	Well I rented a Nissan Maxima and hated it the customer service was terrible the guy told me that I most likely won't get approved for the rental I was wtf then I get a qtr tank of gas was told bring it back full yeah right buddy I said then he continued to be a real smart ass well since I was a secret shopper I nailed his bitch ass yeah enterprise fuck you in the pussy
4	Fair prices and great customer service. I have never considered a Ford Fusion as a "Premium" car but it was nice and clean with 34K miles on it. I would rent here again.
