5	These guys are great. They have even helped with a problem over the phone. Anyone with a VW needs to bring their auto here for service.
5	Dave and his team are the BEST!  Dave tells me he's been in the same shop, same spot for nearly 27yrs now.  You don't accomplish that without doing great work and having integrity.  I'm a customer for life.  Hmmm, I bet that's what all his customers have said.
5	I had my husband take my Jetta here because it was making a odd noise that would speed up when I accelerated and slow as I decreased speed.  I thought it was a bearing.  Turns out it was just the tires.  They inspected the vehicle, took it for a test drive and still did not charge us anything.  They said we could replace the tires if the noise was unbearable but they were fine to drive with for a long time yet.  I will be taking my car here for all future service.
5	Great honest mechanics, I have taken 2 VW's to them and get nothing but outstanding service. Highly recommended and that is tough to say!
4	Of course our air conditioning died when the temps are over 100.  Called and got an appointment pretty quickly.  The repair was done for much less than we expected and the staff was courteous.  We'll be back.
5	Best VW service in the east, I am a customer of another shop that was stranded out east. Nate could have taken me to the cleaners... I left spending under $100 dollars. Every minute of the diagnosis Nate was very thorough, did not leave out any detail, and surely I left with a smile. It doesn't get better then this when it comes to service. Even had the pleasure of meeting his mom, she was there to supervise!! j/k Thank you Nate, Thank you German Motors of Mesa, and thank you lord that my GTI VR6 lives to see another car in the rear view!
5	Nathan is VERY knowledgeable about VW's and his enthusiasm really shows. I brought in my 2010 Passat for the 40000 mile service and got it back with no hassles, in the expected time, and for half the cost of what the dealer would charge.
5	Took our 2012 Passat to Nathen at German Motors of Mesa.  He was able to take care of our needed service and figure out what was puzzling us with some weird vibrations.  We had a great experience here and are now blessed with a great group of guys to fix up our car when needed.  If your looking for someone to fix you up look no further.
