4	This complex is chock full of all things sportsy...gymnastics, fencing, biking, and yeah, rock climbing!!  It's nothing high tech and the first climb is $12 regardless of whether you're a student or a lady on ladies night (I was both).  This hike in price is so some guy can explain some basic rules to you for 3 minutes...what a deal.  Regardless, the rates are really reasonable (although I've never been to a rock gym before so I could be way off).  I climbed in the free fall area without ropes.  Climbing courses are marked by colored tape on the walls so you can climb according to your skill level.  It's a great work out...I can barely move my arms enough to type out this review.
3	Very primitive bouldering area, but the routes were challenging, in part due to the lack of a smearable surface (plywood kinda painted to look like rocks),  mega shitty footholds (jibs worn down to shiny scummy nubs that sorely needed cleaning or replacing), and a distinct lack of fall-friendliness (one old mat to be shared among every 3 or 4 walls, and an unforgiving floor that thudded every time someone landed on it).  Not a bargain for a $12 day pass since the routes did not seem to have been changed very often and all climbs shared the same foot jibs which looked practically permanent. The changing room was literally a closet.All that griping aside, there were some decent climbs. The V3's were fairly easy but the V3/V4's were exponentially harder. I was able to do one V4/V5, but my butt was royally kicked on everything else. No ego boosts here, and the masochist in me awards 3 stars to this old school climbing gym.
3	PROS- Tons of space and tons of gentle-ish climbs for the beginner/novice/padawan. Looots of V0, VB, V1, V2s... I think the hardest I saw was a V7. I don't boulder much more than a V2, and I found a lot of fun, challenging courses. It wore me out, but I felt like a superstar. (My local climbing gym is a lot harder.) That was great!- They offer to play your music! I always appreciate that in a gym. It's cool to hear other people's tastes, it's cool to let my tastes get some air, and indeed one tires of the alt 90s Pandora station.- That said, I did feel some Interpol-sounding pixie dust bewitch my ear drums. And I appreciate that. I always appreciate being able to rock out/feel cool while simultaneously lunging for the next hold.- $16 for a day pass and shoes was not terrible. It wasn't great, either, but it wasn't terrible. (And what's in between a pro and a con?)- Easy parking.CONS- A lot of the walls felt way too tall to be lacking a top rope. I'd guess some of the tallest walls were 10 ft. - and, dude, falling 10 feet on a (bouncy) floor is still super dangerous, especially if you fall in between a Tarzan lunge (and thus, awkwardly). They had a few mats which were "strategically positioned" and thus couldn't be moved, but even with those under me, I didn't feel so good. They felt little thicker than a down comforter. Dude, come on! I didn't break my neck, but my muscles were all a-trembly, my hands slick with sweat, and it was sheer terror that often kept me from lunging (Tarzan-style) to the next hold. I had to give up on a few climbs just because I didn't feel safe! And that is very lame. I would have felt a LOT safer if the 6+ ft. walls were just top rope-able, or if they bought some bigger, thicker mats and let people drag them around. A free helmet's not gonna help much if you land on your shoulder!- I saw a kid wandering around who looked adorable, pubescent and a little intimidated. It seemed like his first time. It broke my heart, 'cuz he seemed to have gotten frustrated after trying a few of the climbs and not being able to get very far. I think he left after not very long. Does the gym offer kids classes? Or one-on-one instruction, especially if the person's totally new and under 15 or something? It just seemed like such a shame; I'd hate to have a kid get sour on climbing just because they had an awkward first time! People need to be taught this stuff! (To an extent.)- $2 for the privilege of chalk. Seriously?So, overall, I'm happy to have found a decent wall for my visit to da burgh, but I don't know if I would be happy living with it as my only go-to.
1	The blonde woman who tuns the gym was extremely rude to us. First time we went she refused yo.get off the phone on a personal call to help us. Then she gave us the rules for the bouldering area in a rapid bored monotone. Compared to other climbing gyms I have gone to this gym is less safe (no gri-gris), unfriendly, and more expensive. Definitely not worth it. Worst customer service I've seen in a while.
3	This is the only bouldering facility within the city of Pittsburgh and mostly I appreciate that we have one at all! I do really enjoy going here and go at least once a week. I go mostly in the evenings, where the crowd is primarily a young adult group and you rarely see children.I've been climbing a bit longer than I had been when I first wrote this review, but I still give it 3 stars. If I could give it a 2.5 I might give it that.The bourldering room is pretty big and there are lots of routes at a variety of levels, distributed more of less so that each wall has something for everyone. In the evenings it gets uncomfortably crowded, and has gotten worse in the past few years as the sport has seemed to get more and more popular. What gets me the most is that in the 2 years or so that I've been going here, very little has changed. Meanwhile, I've been exploring gyms all over the country that are expanding, have textured rather than plywood walls so you can actually smear, and have incorporated things like yoga and weight rooms into their memberships. Why can't Pittsburgh have that?I hope one day the climbing wall will step up to try and become one of the more progressive gyms you see on the west coast, or that someone else moves a gym into the city that will up the ante.In the mean time, this place will do.
4	Pittsburgh doesn't really have its choice of indoor climbing walls, but I was pretty impressed by this location (though note, this review is just for bouldering). The bouldering area is huge, and on a Saturday afternoon surprisingly empty with no need to wait for any route. It's labeled from V0 upwards... although the floor is padded, the walls do go up pretty high (the 10ft estimate from before is accurate), so a fall would be pretty scary... they do give you an option to wear a helmet, but I saw nobody doing so.The routes are all clearly marked, and difficulty seemed to correspond with rating - there are also a ton to choose from, so you won't get bored. One staff member in particular was amazing - Allen - who spent the time giving climbing tips and encouragement to whomever needed it. Costs are also reasonable ($12/day, + $3/shoes, $2/chalk), and it's located in a nice strip mall with the East End Co-Op nearby for food. Overall, not a bad place to spend an afternoon!
3	I'm giving this the ok rating, I am not an experienced climber but a beginner. The last climb I went out was a real one in Utah with my brother who got me all harnessed up only to instruct me to place my foot and hand level with my head and pull myself up . You can imagine how that went with my golden retriever feverish barking and running below instructing my brother to let me down lol.So for a beginner I found the price to be ok I went with a group and paid 16$ for shoe rental and I guess climbing fee? We stayed for about two hours. We went on a Saturday it was very crowded probably 15-30 people in the place but there are so many choices you can still get a wall. There were several beginner climbs that are easy for anyone with a shred of upper body strength. Then some V2 and V3 and V4, the other beginner gals I was climbing with found there was a pretty big variation from the VB to V2 on some of the climbs. So sometimes it was better just not to follow the stickers completely if you're a beginner but still looking for variation while bouldering. I think safety-wise things are bit of a liability here, walls are high, mats are very old and very few. Also lots of people don't follow the basic rules including teenagers who are there alone. So be cautious of your space an d others space and consider fatigue when getting to the top of those walls with your hands all sweaty. I also expected it to be a little larger based on the website photos, but I understand that this is Pittsburgh not a city with room for a huge gym like out west. I also think if they were to build a bigger newer gym here with higher climbs, then you would be looking at paying $25 and up. My biggest complaint is that you can only do lessons at certain times with a harness, this makes it harder for beginners to get in and get a feel. I did complete one or two V7 or V8. Just to push myself but I would have had more fun if I had the support of a rope so the next time I go back I will consider classes. Which costs a little bit more but oh well. Class times are limited check the website.
5	Some helpful hints for the Climbing Wall:-A one-day pass is $12.  College students/active military pay $10.  Wednesday is 1/2 price for ladies (but only after they pay full price on the first visit).  Wednesday is also 1/2 price for guys who wear a sports bra.  Yup, you heard me right.  Wednesdays are usually pretty crowded.-They run a different membership special every month.  If you climb more than once a week, a membership can definitely be worth it.-If it's your first time at the wall, I highly suggest just doing the "bouldering certification" instead of the "safety and belay certification class."  The bouldering certification takes about 5 minutes and then you can start climbing.  Decide if you like it, then do the belay certification.-If you "like" them on facebook, you can get updates about when they change the routes, what membership specials they're running, if they're selling any old/used shoes for discounted prices, etc.  The wall is in a great location, on several bus routes, and right next to the East End Food Co-op.  It can get crowded, but everyone takes turns so you have plenty of opportunities.
5	I love the Climbing Wall.  There are tons of routes which change fairly regularly in both the bouldering and top roping areas.  There's also a wide variety of difficulty levels in the gym ranging from ones everyone can do to those much more challenging.  Bouldering routes are labeled from VB and V0 (easiest) all the way up to the insanely difficult V7 and V8, while the top roping routes are labeled from Easy to Hard. Pricing is reasonable, especially on Wednesdays, which is ladies night--$6 to climb (after your first visit).  Other days the price is $12 or $10 for students/military plus the cost of equipment rentals.  If you plan on going at least once a week (or more often like me) buying a membership is the way to go, and there are different specials each month.Sometimes the gym can get crowded (especially on Wednesdays) but there's lots of routes and it's fun to take some time and meet other climbers.
5	Went to this place on a Groupon and fell in love. It reminds me of the days when I lived in Denver. I miss it! The routes are decently hard and allow me to push myself to get better. Staff has always been awesome. People there help give pointers. It does get pretty crowded sometimes, especially on Friday nights. I'd say they are almost in need of an expansion! Keep up the good work, Climbing Wall. I'll be seeing you a lot for the next year :)
5	My boyfriend and I started climbing about 3 months ago and we love it!  TCW is an awesome place.  All of the routes are challenging and fun, but the bouldering ones test your strength and technique, whereas the toproping ones test your endurance and forethought.  The staff is all very friendly but Lauren and Josh are especially fun to talk to and get pointers from.  I highly recommend checking it out!
5	I've been climbing for a few years but have friends who have never climbed. This place has lots of climbs at all different levels so my friends and I can enjoy climbing here together.  Plus they have instructional classes if you want to learn more. It has a great atmosphere - a great place to hang out with friends or meet new people. The staff are amazing! Very nice and very helpful. The prices are very reasonable, lower than any other gym I have climbed in (and I have climbed in lots of facilities). I definitely recommend climbing here.
4	As a new climber I found the whole process intimidating, but the staff at The Climbing Wall helped me get on the right path. Also, the regulars here seemed very nice and always willing to help out a newbie. It isn't very expensive either, 10 or 12 bucks for a full day of bouldering is a very reasonable deal (I haven't seen many places which were cheaper). I'm sure a lot of people, including myself, wish this place was a little bigger, but for being in the city it's not a bad size. It's actually surprising how many routes they managed to plan out for the size of the place, there's more than enough to keep the walls feeling fresh even after many climbs. The diversity of the routes is really great too, there's plenty of routes for each skill level and climbing style. The overall experience was wonderful: great staff, great people, and a great setup. Tip: If you're a beginner without your own equipment, the shoe rental is worth the extra 3 or 4 bucks.
3	It's a bit silly to review TCW, as it is basically the only game in town for rock climbing.That said, I've been climbing here at least twice a week for the last few months. It's not as large, and the walls aren't as high-tech as other places I've climbed, but the setters make good use of what's available.Both the bouldering and top-roping routes seem to be re-set at just about the right rate -- there are always new-ish routes, but the turnover isn't so fast that one can't work on problems for a few successive visits.I would love to see the walls refreshed in a cement faux-rock style, with more flowing curves and less strict geometry. (Also, plywood is slippery! Makes it hard to smear.)
4	The Climbing Wall is as advertised - a climbing wall. No extras (no retail, no showers) but a good spot to get your climb on when you're in Pittsburgh. Two entrances - one for top roping and the other for bouldering. I've only been bouldering and it's a good crowd. Friendly staff will check you in (newbies: you have to pay for a walkthrough to go over the rules of the wall that takes around 5 min upfront) and then after you sign away your life liabilities..it's you vs. the Wall! Routes are VB (beginner) through around V6 with a lot of options at all ranges. A bunch are also unmarked so go with that if you're into a challenge. The other climbers are very friendly and will help you out.Cubbies for your stuff, small room for you to change, bathrooms, water fountains. Ample parking if you aren't there at high time after work.Wednesdays are Ladies Night: Half off entrance fee ($6) for women and men who show up wearing a sports bra or ladies tank top. Also a good night to visit and watch men in ladies tank tops..if that's your jam.
4	When I lived in Pittsburgh, I used to climb here all the time. Pretty cool vibe, cool stuff drawn on the walls, good climbing problems that were kept up to date. Tons of great bouldering, which is what I'm mainly into. I miss this place, wish there were more like it.
4	I like this place but the hours are inconvenient (top roping doesn't open until 5PM during the week!!!!) I wish they would expand their hours. Otherwise, they make a nice effort to change their routes relatively often.
4	I went here on-and-off for about a year. It was a great place to work-out and learn the basics of bouldering. The community felt safe--always a space on the bike-rack, everyone left their backpacks in the front area where the desk-staff could watch them, way-reasonable prices for shoe and chalk rental. I particularly liked the tunnel and the top-outs, because they always required a bit more creativity to manage. That there were kids and couples and teenagers with their parents and college students all using the same routes made it feel more like a great community center than just another place to get exercise.
3	Dirty slick holds. Hate the fact I can't move mats. Some problems were fun, some were awful. The staff is very unfriendly. Unless you're part if the clique no one will talk to you.
2	Sub-par setting quality, infrequent wall resetting, inconsistent grading, poor climate control, poor air quality (no chalk filter), silly rule where they make everyone wear paper wristbands before entry. + 1 star because they are finally installing air conditioning.
4	I've been climbing here for 2 years. Membership is definitely worth it if you're planning on going frequently. I prefer to walk because parking is less than ideal and I live close by. The routes in the bouldering area are fun and challenging, and they're reset at a good frequency. New holds and new mats have been purchased in the past year, so a lot of the comments I'm seeing on here are outdated. This is definitely a better gym for bouldering than top roping. The top roping area is pretty small, but they work with what they've got. I've always found the staff to be friendly and knowledgeable.
1	Pros:- At least there's a climbing gym in this area- Walls get reset oftenCons:- I've been coming here a couple times a week for the past few months now, and I have felt like some of the walls really need some padding besides the not-so-great spring board they have. The walls are pretty high and the height + lack of mats retract me from climbing certain routes, which is really disappointing because it ruins my climbing experience. - I brought up the aforementioned lack of mats to the woman who works here, and she snapped at me: "Mats are only supposed to be under walls that are sloped." I told her the wall I was talking about was sloped, and she replied curtly "If you don't feel comfortable climbing those walls without a mat, then you shouldn't even be climbing them." I was in shock. Is this a way you should be addressing your climbers' legitimate concerns? Even if it isn't possible to have mats, she could have at least told me in a nicer way instead of talking to me as if I knew nothing. - The gym closes at 11PM on Fridays. I usually go at night until they close, but the staff passive aggressively starts turning off the gym lights around 10:50PM. I get it, it's a Friday night and you want to get outta here. But the business hours are until 11PM, so let me enjoy my last ten minutes of climbing because I am paying for my climbing membership and I want to get as much climbing as I can get out of my sessions at the gym. - The holds are old and covered in rubber from the shoes. It would be nice if they could at least pressure wash them every once in a while. - The fees are unreasonable for the customer experience we get here.
1	Worst climbing gym I have ever been to. Customer service was a joke. Wall appears as if a boy scout went ham with a few sheets of plywood back in the 80s and then did nothing since then. Holds are prehistoric and grimy. Setting is subpar. Insurance doesn't allow for people who can't belay to be belayed? Better off climbing the outside of the building for a good pump..
1	The ventilation in the bouldering area is terrible. Please install some chalk eaters. People are inhaling tons of chalk into their lungs and are going to get pneumoconiosis from climbing at your gym.
4	For 30 bucks a month, this is a pretty rad spot. I've climbed all over the US and Canada, but I'm happy to call this my home gym.
1	I was home for the holidays and wanted to take some friends of mine climbing.  They've never belayed and don't have equipment so my hope was that we could go, I could test out of the belay class and we could top rope some easy climbs.Dreams crushed.  Only people that are belay certified can even be in the top rope room.  I would've had to pay $5 to test out of the certification and even if my friends wanted to take a quick lesson on how to belay, its only at very specific times and you need to give advanced notice.So we bouldered.  The walls are old, made of smooth plywood and though the walls are a good variety, you eventually end up right on top of one another.  You can only top out on one tiny section, everything else backs right up to another wall or and abyss.  With someone who isn't super comfortable down climbing or jumping from the top, I wasn't always super excited to fall when there wasn't a nice big cushion.  Those were only on the overhanging walls.The place was super busy on a Sunday afternoon and group after group rolled in.  I understood why there were so many VB and VB+ routes (easier than V0's).Side note: cubbies are completely separate from the bouldering area and no food or drinks are allowed inside the bouldering area.  Therefore your water stays in your cubby, plan carefully.I expected better from Pittsburgh and heard that there is a new gym coming, so I'll be waiting for that one before I try to climb again in da burgh.
2	There are some really good things to say about the climbing wall, but overall I was quite disappointed.  I wanted to like this place, so I'll start with the positive aspects.  First of all, the gym in pretty cheap.  And the bouldering area is really quite good.  To be honest, this should only be a bouldering gym. There were a lot of different volumes, nice routes, some top outs, and a good cave area.  Even a small crack with a few problems set on it. It seems like whoever is in charge of setting the boulder problems really has some talent.  I might be back to bolder once in a blue moon.  The other climbers here were pretty cool, so the place might have a good vibe/community aspect. Now the downsides.  The staff wasn't very helpful.  The rules regarding the top rope area are nonsensical, and the only reasoning offered up was insurance. I wanted to belay for a friend, but he wasn't allowed in the top rope area unless belay tested. Belay testing also cost $5, and I hate when gyms charge for a test.  It's poor form. The ropes aren't doubled up, and with the short wall it gives way too much pull.  They require you to clip into daisy chains on the ground.  I wanted to lead climb, but there was no one at the gym that could give a lead test. The TR routes were really hit or miss, a lot of them just confusing and not fun. They aren't rated properly, just easy, medium, or hard. The walls are painted plywood, so smearing is basically impossible.  Further, I question if the holds have ever been cleaned.  Some of them are so polished to the point that it's dangerous.  There's only once changing room, and overall the place isn't very clean.  I believe there is some potential here, but it seems to be mismanaged and on the whole, a missed opportunity.
