3	Busy at weekends but does have very good music playing and does very good deals on both food and drinks. Good place to start of the evening before heading of to George Street bars.
1	Couldn't agree with Stephanie more - I feel like a fish out of water in Edwards.I remember this particularly living up to its stereotype - generic chain bar, tries to be cocktail but its main appeal is cheap, easy booze, blares out music impossibly loud and pulsatingly terrible.Being a low maintenance, jeans and t shirt kind of girl, I felt totally out of place rolling in with T in the Park hair and baggies. This was not a self conscious misconception, the bar was just insipid. Being little over five foot, I was stretched tip toe-ing over the bar for over half an hour before I got served. It's the kind of place guys barge in front of you and no, they're not sorry. They steam roller over most ladies and the most you'll get out of them is a burp (or on Saturday night, a barf).This bar attracts people who want so desperately to be trendy but the only trend I see forming is regurgitated cocktails lying sprawled on the pavement.Harsh, yes. But fair? Aye. Sorry Edwards, you don't make me shake my money maker.
2	I don't like this chain of pubs, no matter where I go they seem to draw in the same type of crowd, and I have been to two in London and this one in Edinburgh. The pubs attract some pretty rough characters and the food that they offer is pretty cheap but also pretty bad.The drink prices in the pub are actually pretty decent, and during the day, Edwards would be a good place to go to for a cheap pint or two and good for a catch up with friends. It's at night when the pub really does go into decline.On a Friday night and Saturday, an area of the pub is turned into a dance floor and I do like to get loose on many a dance floor, but this is definitely not the place I would like to come to do break out my 'moves'. The floor is really sticky and the music is exactly what you would expect with chart music that is played too loud and perving men prying on daintily clad girls who look barely old enough to get in.
