5	I went to Dr. Racanelli for an emergency root canal after my far back tooth broke in half. It was definitely NOT the easiest procedure to sit through because that specific tooth is the hardest to work on, but Dr. Racanelli and his staff talked to me through the whole procedure to make me feel as comfortable as I could. I actually felt like a real person, and not just another case. After my root canal, I came back to get my permanent crown. I truly enjoy how advanced their technology and equipment are. The text message reminder for my dental appointment was a plus since I would have forgotten otherwise. I didn't have to deal with coming back for my crown since they made mine right then and there. I totally look forward on all my future visits here!
5	Dr. Racanelli has spent several months getting my teeth in better shape thanks to a less than thorough dentist in Austin.  Sigh.  He has done fillings, crowns and now invisalign.  His work has been exemplary, he spends time walking you through what he is going to do, provides opportunity to discuss best course of treatment and calls you later that day (if the treatment is complicated) to ensure you are on the mend.  I love that he answers questions thoughtfully and shares any supplementary information (like images, etc).The staff at the office are terrific, April and company ensure you receive text messages reminders, answer phone calls promptly and take care to provide additional information if needed. They are a professional operation, and keep the hours posted (which I appreciate).
5	I recently moved to Las Vegas so I needed to find a new dentist. I decided to check out Dr. Racanelli because the office is close to my house, the positive reviews on Yelp and they accept my insurance. They were able to get me in quickly and even sent me the paperwork ahead of time to cut down on my wait time- Leslie at the front desk was great. I have to say- Dr. Racanelli is the best Dentist I've ever gone to. He is very friendly, took the time to explain everything to me, answered all of my questions and even called me that evening to make sure everything was okay. I haven't been to a Dentist that dedicated that much time to a patient. Karrah was my Dental Hygienist- she was very friendly and walked me through everything she was doing. She was gentle and extremely helpful. The office is clean and the staff is very welcoming! I highly recommend Dr. Racanelli and Stunning Smiles.
5	I had not been to any dentist in about 12 years and was very nervous about spending 6 hours there. I had to get a deep cleaning and get four wisdom teeth extracted. The entire staff made me feel very comfortable and gave me time to relax when I needed it. I am glad to say that I had zero pain during and even after the visit. I am very happy with my experience and highly recommend Doctor Racanelli and his team.
5	Dr. Racanelli of Stunning Smiles helped straighten my teeth!While my smile might never be stunning - I have experienced stunning professionalism from his team of hygienists and assistants since becoming a patient about a year ago.  In just 3 months, I cannot believe how straight my teeth are.  It is weird - Invisalign shapes them so quickly.  I don't know why I didn't believe it would work on me, but it has.  I have truly experienced a minor miracle.  I just wish I had chosen to do this a bit earlier in life (10-15 years ago!).I also went in for a bleaching appointment because i had a TV appearance.  That was awesome - pain-free and amazing results that lasted for very long.  Even longer than they had promised (which is great - it means they aren't always trying to oversell unlike other dentists I have been to.).Dr. Racanelli has a great bedside manner, and his team has always been gentle in guiding me to better practices (I have not been the best patient between visits - admittedly).  It is a like a judgment-free zone.It is with great confidence that I tell you to go check out their office - you will be happier and smiling!
