3	Travelling all the way from Hawaii, I was so excited to find out that Las Vegas opened a Vera Bradley outlet! However, I was so disappointed when I came here the Thursday before Labor Day Weekend. I was expecting prices that were similar to the online outlet sales. The prices here were not bargains.They had very old prints which is to be expected at an outlet but only 30-40% off. Some items were 50% off.You can buy these same items when Vera Bradley opens up their online outlet sales at 70% or more off. Better to shop online.I also asked a salesperson if they prices would drop over labor day weekend (thinking I was there early on a Thursday), she said no, 50% off is the highest shes ever seen.Disappointed in this outlet!
1	so today i was recommended by a Coworker that this place was a great place for shopping for a birthday present for my aunt. When I got to this place I was amazed how colorful the bags are and what a unique concept. So a few minutes shopping and I noticed I was the only one in the store. no workers or even shoppers. immediately I thought I was on a reality show either im going to get pranked or get spooked on. so 15 mins in I was ready to get checked out and not a single worker of this store on site. A few mins passed and finally a female worker comes out very angry. The lady didn't say hi just rang me up and went back to her office. I never experienced anything like this but I found it amusing.
5	Love this Vera Bradley outlet. They have quite a selection of patterns. It is nearby my place only 15 minutes away, it beats buying online if you want something vera bradley right away and of course like the patterns they sell at this outlet. They are always having sales going on. If it is your birthday you get extra discounts so sign up for their newsletter in order to get coupons in the mail. I came to this outlet Black Friday, after Thanksgiving and they had a bunch of sales going on. Cosmetic bags were only $5, a great present for family and friends for the Christmas.It's clean, well organized, and customer service is good. You won't miss this outlet because it is so bright and welcoming. It is also in the corner of where one of the main entrances are. Parking at the South outlets is almost always crowded if you don't come right when it opens. It is an outlet so expect having to park a little far if it's a weekend or getting close to the holidays.
