1	On a recent visit to have a falafel on the front patio of this formerly friendly and fun place, I was practically beaten up when I questioned my bill: I had asked for some extra tahini sauce on the falafel, and got soggy falafels absolutely drowned in tahini sauce, almost inedible.To add insult to ineptness, I found a $1.50 surcharge for the extra tahini sauce on the bill. When I complained, the owner (or his/her goon) came out fighting and angry as hell, rude, bellicose, unreasonable to the extreme. I quickly paid and got out of there, never to return, and hoping this warning will stop others from returning to this favourite Montreal Lebanese snack-bar/restaurant that really used to be very good.
4	If you are a tourist in Montreal and looking to go to a non-touristy area, this place is for you.  Le Petit Alep serves Syrian and Armenian food and has an extensive selection of wine.  The servers were quite knowledgeable and attentive (this is some of the best service I have experienced in Montreal) and sitting on the patio was delightful on a breezy summer evening.  The flavors and spices in the food were somewhat foreign to me, but quite enjoyable.  I would definitely be inclined to make a trip back to this restaurant and explore more selections of food and wine.
5	After walking around  Marche Jean Talon we asked a woman in a cookbook store located in the market a good place to have lunch and she recommended this place.  Another woman nearby overheard and agreed so off we went.  When we got to what we thought was the restaurant it was closed being it was a Sunday.  Confused we kept walking to find a new place and came across Le Petit Alep a few feet away which was open.  We hurriedly went in to escape the cold.The menu is in French and we had a difficult time trying to decipher things so the host brought us Restaurant Alep's fancy menu book since it has English translations.  I got the chiche kabab plate which comes with salad, pita but not your regular pita drizzled with an orange oil.  The meat was perfectly seasoned and tender.  It was so good.  I want to go back but in a warmer month.
5	Best meal in Montreal- simple and good! Lots of veggie options as well.
4	This is a really good Syrian restaurant! But I need to make something very clear. There are two sides to this place, Alep & Petit Alep. Alep is for your Syrian grandfather, Petit Alep is more modern, trendy. But... You can, and should ask for the Alep menu which is larger and more complete. I usually order the tasting menu and it's always great. You get to try about 10 different things in a few services.They also have a fantastic wine list with a huge collection of private imports. Also, plenty of bio wine which is nice to try. Same taste, less sulfites, less hangover;)
5	Yum!  Love the food at Le Petit Alep.  The ambiance is very nice as well.  There is a large variety of appetizers so go with friends to share.Of course there's always a line-up for this place - even if you go at 6:30pm.  Try to get a table further into the restaurant as I once sat at the table near the door and not only was it chilly in the middle of dinner, but we would occasionally feel people stomping their feet as they entered the restaurant to shake the snow of their boots.
4	One of very few chill patios on this section of Jean Talon (ok, pretty much the only one) and they win extra gold stars and bonus points for pouring very nice wines, strong cocktails, and serving up exceptionally tasty and affordable Syrian food. Petit Alep is a little more young and rock and roll than fine dining (go in the other door to grownup Alep for that). It's special and served with pride (and no reservations. Deal with it.) The sound inside is a little clattery and jumping', and personally I wouldn't show up here after 7 on a nice weather day because I don't love a line, but there is certainly lots to love about Petit Alep.
5	An absolute treasure with a relaxed atmosphere and quick service! The feuilles de vigne were absolutely amazing!!
4	I am mostly writing reviews so that I remember where I've been.  I don't really remember le petit alep, except that the food wasn't bad and the service was okay too.  We sat outside on a nice summer day in July.  I think that describes the place to me: good, but not memorable.  Maybe I've had too much middle eastern food, or maybe we ordered the wrong things?  I would go back.
4	This is a really good Syrian restaurant! Petit Alep is more modern, trendy than Alep. But... You can, and should ask for the Alep menu which is larger and more complete. I usually order the tasting menu and it's always great. You get to try about 10 different things in a few services.They also have a fantastic wine list with a huge collection of private imports. Also, plenty of bio wine which is nice to try. Same taste, less sulfates, less hangover;) PS: I got horrible service the other day. Terrible. This dude was treating the place like a military cafeteria in the middle of a war zone. No friendly, not polite, and not attentive. I will of course go back, but never again in his section. Ouffff....
5	Wow, a little hard to find (or I just completely missed the sign) - but wow what a great find!  We came on a Saturday night, and surprisingly only had a short wait.  The wait staff was really knowledgeable (and spoke English for me), sent over the Sommelier to help us choose our wine (which by the way was an excellent recommendation), and also pointed out vegetarian options for me to try.The food was delicious, quick service, and surprising large portions.  I had the grilled pita with Za'tar, tomato and cheese, which also came with a small salad - we also started with Dolmathes.  I found this to NOT be pricey - but we went for dinner, and I was expecting to pay far much more than we did.  Pita grilled sandwiches were aout $8 (really good deal), and the Dolmas were I think $9 or $10.
5	They have a grilled falafel in pita there that is my favourite falafel in all of Montreal! They also have a similarly grilled sandwich filled with spinach called sabaneg or something like that. It's pretty good as well if you're a vegetarian.The grilled falafel sandwich itself is unusual in that the falafel balls are flat and wet - but it rocks so hard that it's my fave in the city. (And I'm a self-confessed falafel freak).It's a pretty popular place for both meat eaters and vegetarians like me so expect to wait in line if you go on the weekend. It's also fairly noisy. Ambience is casual and the place has a warmish feel with interesting art on the walls. I've been going there for about 12 years. It's also juuuuuust across the street from Fromagerie Hamel - a fine Montreal cheese shop.
4	ordered takeout because I was pretty busy. Fast, delicious, very well seasoned chicken wrap. It's a little bit on the expensive side for the quantity though, so take that in note when going there.
4	Friday night, 6:15 p.m., we arrive at Le Petit Alep. Take note of the address because I didn't find a sign, just the street number (191) above the door. We have about a 10-minute wait for a table, during which time we are offered drinks while standing at a little counter (the bar is set with place settings for dinner).I am ravenously hungry (no lunch that day), but my husband has gone out for lunch plus we're eating earlier than usual, so we bypass the yummy-sounding tasting menu ($20 p.p. for two courses or $25 for three courses) and go straight to a main course. At our waitress' recommendation, we order the Chiche Kebab plate (spicy for me... Terbialy) plus a side of marinated vegetables.A little basket of fresh mini-pita bread arrives, along with our vegetables: big chunks of carrot and white turnip, crisp and vinegary. They must do these in-house. Probably would have tasted better with our meal but I am too hungry to wait.Our food arrives promptly, and resembles the pictures you can see here on Yelp -- a skewer of meat between halves of saucy pita bread, a portion of rice mixed with noodles and a lemony side salad. By eating at Le Petit instead of Alep we have 1 skewer of meat instead of 2, but at half the price, we're not complaining. The portion is a normal amount of food -- what I might eat at home rather than a ginormous restaurant portion. It is DELICIOUS.For dessert we both try the Atayef, mine stuffed with walnuts and my husband's stuffed with ricotta cheese. His was better -- the creamy cheese cuts the sugary sweetness of the rosewater syrup. By the end of our meal, there is quite a crowd standing at the drinks counter...not sure whether folks are waiting for a table or just having an after-work drink. It is getting quite noisy, but in a "this joint is hopping" way.In my opinion, the food prices were more than reasonable but drinks (especially the wine list) were more than I wanted to pay.We're definitely going to be back, and next time I want to try the appetizers.
4	I didn't think I was going to have a high-end Middle Eastern feed in Montreal-but here it was. Nothing wittly to say here. This place was absolutely great. I did the right thing and filled the table with Mezes, leaving the "entree" sized dishes alone. A big dose of Arak to wash it down..Nothing but great.
4	My knowledge of Middle Eastern food is limited so I thought it would be good to try and expand it.  I'm glad I did because I wouldn't have discovered Le Petit Alep otherwise.  It's a great lunch place if you're in the Jean Talon Market area and is very reasonably priced.  The decor is cozy and the service is fast and friendly.I ordered the kebab khach-khach which is a spicy ground beef served with tomatoes.  Many places will say something is spicy but few actually make it that way.  Le Petit Alep is one of the few that actually make it spicy.  The meat also fell apart and was very juicy.  It was served with grilled pita was were excellent and rice and salad.  They got the grilling right so that the pita wasn't burnt but you still got that nice, grilled taste.For lunch they don't take reservations but as we were only two we didn't have a long wait.  I definitely want to go back here especially for dinner to try more of their menu because there was a lot more that seemed very appealing.  I think next time I would give the appetizers and desserts a shot.
3	Location: Jean-Talon East, near the market. If you don't live in the area and need to use transit to get there, it's a bit of a trek. The place: The restaurant is of decent size, with inadequate lighting. I found it a little too dim, even though we went there in the middle of  sunny afternoon. Despite the funky art on the walls, I felt that the place lacked flavor - there was no real vibe happening. The art, however, was totally eclectic. The service: Good.  Our waitress was friendly and happily answered questions. The food: The menu offers a good variety of dishes that are a little more meat-centric than I like, but they also offer vegetarian options. I wasn't that hungry so went for the Falafel + tahini/herb sandwich. I thought this would be small, but the thing was huge and I definitely could have split this with someone. The Falafel was really good and the tahini/herbs added a lovely distinct flavor. The pita was soft, warm and fresh. My friend ordered a dish containing Armenian sausage, rice and salad and she loved it. We split an order of spicy fries as well but we were disappointed, as they weren't spicy at all. That said, they were pretty decent for a Lebanese place. Not greasy, with a nice crispiness to them. We both ordered the house lemonade which was actually a slush (would have been nice to know when ordering), but we weren't crazy about it. It was pretty darn tart and every time I took a sip, I couldn't prevent my face from contorting into what my friend described as photo-worthy expressions. Price: Fair. The sandwich was $5.25 and for the size of it, I thought I got my money's worth.
