4	I love this place!  Super authentic with reasonable prices.  Our Sunday Funday shennanigans have made this a near-weekly destination.  There's a wide selection of different marinated meats, and the Pechuga and Ranchera are the best ways to go for a little daytime grilling.  Add in some AMAZING homemade guac, EXTREMELY spicey salsa, and a friendly staff that isn't afraid to poke fun at wearing an Argentina jersey to their store on the same day they beat Mexico and you've got a winning combination.
5	Best carne asada in town . As for preparada.
4	What's a Cali girl do to when she goes tailgating for an Angel's game in March and she and her husband don't want burgers and dogs? She yelps/chowhounds and searches high and low for the best carnicera that is conveniently located to the stadium!We found this place via chowhound (sorry yelp, I have strayed on occasion) because my hubs wanted carne asada for tailgating instead of the usual burgers and dogs. That my friends is what you get when you marry Mexican. So we pulled up on Saturday AM to the small market that had a nice clean butcher block with LOTS of selection. We picked up some Carne Rachera and some Pechuga, that's chicken breast folks. Some beer, which they had all the standards, Bud light, Pacifico's Coronas and my personal fave Tecate. Let me tell you the carne asada was juicy and so was the chicken breast. Delicious and full of flavor! They do a nice job their and their meat is good quality. Also, their Guacamole was to die for! The salsa were all fresh, spicy and perfection on a hot day with your tacos and beers. They sell ice, plates and anything else you would prob need for a party.They are located just one block south of Diablo Stadium. Hit this place up next time for your tailgating needs or your next BBQ!
5	The best cane in the Valley! Chicken, steak .......everything!
1	I love love love little hole in the walls, not so much this one.  It was full of gangsters and dirty.  Their fish and produce was gross!  There was a line for the carne, but I wasn't willing to try.  Walked in.....walked out.
5	Who ever wrote the comment that said these people were Gansters......  Please move out of my state.  These are business people and their culture is a very big part of the desert southwest.  Thanks to all the staff at this place as you are VERY NICE FOLKS. I will return to buy your carne, salsa, guacamole, and what ever else you offer. Its businesses like this that make Arizona a great place to live!!!!!!!!!!!Thank You!!!!!!!!
5	Best Carne Asada in town! This is our go to place to get our supplies! When I visits brother in law in Mexico he makes me take him 30 lbs of it. Lol
