4	I drove all the way here just to check out their juice. To be honest, i saw a yelp check in offer that I couldn't pass up. "free 15ml bottle of juice when you check in." Besides, I haven't been to this shop before and i Love going to all the vape shops at least once. After I checked in, there's small print that tells you "with purchase of $10 or more." which still isn't bad. Their juice is $10 for a 15ml bottle of juice and 2, 15ml bottles for 10 dollars is a good deal for me!Silver State Vapor mixes their own juice. Can say it's a good solid line with some unique flavors. Unfortunately i didn't find a flavor to my liking but flavors always rotate and there will always be new juice. Have to be honest, but most of them didn't really taste what they were labeled, but they did taste alright.The shop itself is nice. A couple seating areas for the testers and some couches for just relaxing. There's a lot of room in this store that I feel is unneeded. But it's very spacious and you can breathe. Maybe even expand with more showcases and products later later along the road.There is a good selection of basic drip tips, nothing i haven't seen before though. Basic starter kits but i wasn't able to look too much, as i just glanced and walked to the juice testing bar. Prices are average for devices thoughService was a bit average. The guy was very nice but he was a bit quiet, felt a little weird if were to talk and ramble aha. But we did have a nice short conversation. He did recommend a few flavors for me to try, but in the end i couldn't find one that stood out to me. If you're in the area, stop by and try out their juice! check in with yelp and buy 2 15ml bottles of juice for 10 dollars!
5	My friend and I check this place out just driving by. I'm just grown tired of the vapor places that I have been to before. We come in to sit down by the flavors and the gentleman behind the counter comes up and explains the flavors he has, including his favorites. We tried the flavors and put in our order. I sat on the couch watching the flat screen on the wall. They make all their juice in house so it was a short while before he came out. My friend had a question about his set up and the guy behind the counter was extremely informative and answered all of his questions. Solid place, I will be back in here again and again. Most places are run by stoners so it was quite refreshing to get treated by a professional and courteous manner. So stop by and get taken care of!
5	Great place for custom flavors, they have a great Chai Tea juice I use most of the time with my e-pipe.  Jeremy (the guy behind the counter) really knows his stuff, and mixes their juices in the store.
5	Saw this place while driving around so I thought I would check it out. About me, I have been vaping for about a year now and have quit smoking. Started off with the classic ego type then to a variable voltage and wattage setup called the vamos. Recently I got into mechanical ones and rebuildable atomizers.I came into the store to check out the flavors and I ended up getting a lesson from Jeremy on how to vape with my new setup. Like I said I was new and he was able to give me really good information. I ended up buying some batteries and three flavors. I initially got the tobacco x, I think red rock? And he then recommend the pineapple bear. I really liked all the flavors. He you like a sweet tobacco flavor the tobacco x was really good. But my favorite so far was the pineapple bear that he recommended! Amazing flavor.I will definitely be back.
