5	Encanto is a ton of fun for kids and adults alike. You can rent a paddle boat or feed the ducks. Or simply stroll the spacious grounds and soak up the oasis of water, grass, and decades-old shade trees.For a fun day or birthday party or special day with the kids, head over to Enchanted Island, thekid-sized amusement park. Rides are only a buck or two a pop.
5	If you have lived in the Valley and have never been to Encanto Park - Go!  This is a one of a kind study in cultural anthropology.  I challenge you to find a place where a diverse set of people coexist harmoniously.  On one end of the spectrum, you have high end socialites on their porches in their multi million dollar homes in the Encanto Palmcroft Historic district glaring directly at homeless veterans crashing  quinceaeras.  These are not the opulent quinceaeras as seen on the show Cane.  Nah, not at Encanto. These folks keep it real. The Aqua Net set is blaring salsa music or dare I say, vintage freestyle music (Stevie B or Debbie Deb) and the dancing ranges from meringue to pop-locking and if the people aren't bouncing, the cars are.  One word, Classic.Wander east to the amusement park and you will hear the sweet giggles of children riding kiddie rides while blue hairs curse and swear as they tear up the grass while playing golf.  All of this action takes place amidst a panoramic backdrop of high rise buildings that line the Central Phoenix Corridor.  This place is truly magnificent, and the best time to experience the flora and fauna is between Feb and May, right before the heat sets in.Oh, and did I mention, for the die hard weekend warrior jock, a friendly pick up game of soccer or basketball awaits.  I love this place and you will to.Go!
1	I used to love Encanto but whether it is the economy and job cutbacks or what, this place is really run down.  I was there just one year ago and it appeared that they were renovating and putting some effort into improving the place.  But one year later, nothing is completed and the place is run down.  The water is green and gross and smelly.  The bathrooms run down.  We went to a company picnic, they have food service as part of the package with the wristbands for the Enchanted Island rides.  The cookies were stale, the burgers and hot dogs were tasteless but just the general condition of the park was sad.  I don't think we'll have another company picnic there as everyone was complaining.  If someone could help run this place better, it could be a beautifully nostalgic place to go with the family.
2	Encanto is a sad excuse for a flagship park of the magnificent city we live in. The water here is disgusting, the rides here are outrageously overpriced, the grass is not maintained, and trash dominates the grounds. The surrounding neighborhood may be beautiful, but the community disregard for this park is reflected in it's poor condition and neglect. Encanto Park, you may have been great, once. But now you're just a scar on the face of our parks system.
4	Encanto Park is a pretty good city-center (almost) greenspace for Phoenix. I use the term greenspace loosely, since all the grass was dead when I visited. Besides the groundskeeping issue, there are a number of nice options here. There's a few paths for strolling, a small lake/lagoon for boat riding, as well as an adjacent golf course and tennis courts. In addition, there's a small amusement park with a train ride for kiddies and even a carousel. Although I didn't jump on the carousel horses or other rides, the amusement park seemed entertaining (in the way that an adult can guess what might seem interesting to a kid). I would also mention that they have a small old school arcade at the side of the park. I almost kept on walking, until I saw that one of the games was PunchOut. Since I spent a small fortune playing this in younger days, I stopped to watch someone start playing; only to get quickly knocked out by Glass Joe (the first boxer). I fished in my pocket for a few quarters and smiled. "Hey kid, let me show you a trick or two for this...."
3	This an informational post more than a review.  We came to Encanto Park this morning to set up our Ayyam-i-ha picnic.  Our family uses Indian School Park more, so I don't know much about Encanto.  The spot catching my eye first were some beautiful ramadas sheltering lots of tables.  I found out these are rented by the Enchanted Island Concession.  My second choice was another island interpreted by a Phoenix Parks and recreation sign.  This smaller, less sleek version requires a phone call to parks and recreation, payment and reservation.  My third choice was a set of tables very close to the parking lot and canal/pond.  This worked great for our gathering.  We fired up the park Barbie, put up our shelters and chairs, brought out our foods, hung out, talked and laughed, played games, fed the geese and ducks and had a great day.Encanto Park is wonderfully quiet early in the morning.  There are few people, the dominant sound is the calling of small birds and waterfowl.  In winter and spring the temperature is Arizonically comfortable.  It's a place of peace.  Until Phoenix World shifts into high gear.  Concession ramadas, kiddieland amusement park, city rental island, and a hard-used but nice desert park for for the rest of us on a people's budget.    I'm coming back more.
2	This ol gal is gettin run down.  Its still one of the bigger parks in the city but every time I go its littered with bird poo and trash.  The rides and rentals get no use and the lake smells toxic at times.  If you work the afternoon right it can still be an enjoyable experience as the park is huge with many different areas.
4	I was pretty excited when I first heard of this oasis in the desert. This park has a ton of shade and palm trees and the waterways help to make it seem cool and relaxing. You can fish and rent paddleboats for the water. Feeding the ducks and geese is also fun. There is also a playground for the kids and the Enchanted Island Amusement Park that caters to children. In the amusement park is also a carousel and some arcade games. I really enjoy taking the children to Encanto Park to get outdoors. It seems that even in the summer, this would be a great place to go for the shade.
2	My girlfriend and I decided to go here with her daughter a few weekends ago and I was disappointed. I used to go here quite a bit when I was a kid, now 30 years later and this place could really use some updating and a cleaning. We had a good time riding the train and walking around, but that's about it. We wanted to do the paddle boats but the water in the pound looks toxic. I would stay far away from the water here! All the rides were just old looking. The park was very busy that day and the trash cans were overflowing and it just looked rough. To many other new and cleaner parks to go to, don't think Ill ever go back. See Ya Encanto!!!
4	Took Classes from Phoenix Field and Obedience Dog School here (the school meets here weekly.  If you are looking for a great dog training outfit, this is the one, and they are cheaper than the classes at the box dog and cat stores.
2	Roaches abound everwhere!!!!  I walk my dog at night and can't stand the roaches chaseing me and my pup at night.  I know we live in AZ, but Steel Park on Indian School doesn't have an infestation.  It kinda smells and on the weekends the croud kinda scares me.  I'm done going to this park  I rather walk the dog in the surrounding neighborhoods.
3	Went here for a swim competition olympics thing.. It was hot, muggy and a ton of mud everywhere.  Good luck on not getting dirty.   If you were to find a place to sit, you had to get here at 5AM it seemed.We stayed for as long as we had too then took off.  The park itself is ok I guess.. but I havent been here since I was a kid and never really thought much of this place.  It's in a someone old historic area, but it is good for kids.
4	Wanted to find a jogging spot to be a possible regular, and Encanto came up on the map nearby. A lagoon? An Enchanted Park? Sounds far more magical than any county park I've ever visited. While it was a weekday and the park was slow, it looks very well maintained and seems like fun for children. A park employee offered to show me the racquetball courts, and the park also has BBQ pits and beach volleyball! I left after a pleasant jog around the golf course and lagoon (swans! geese! magical.) and will definitely be back. The only negative today was that I felt a little sorry for the teens manning the carousel ride, because that music must haunt their dreams.
4	Encanto Park, can be very lovely. It is a very well taken care of place in the middle of Downtown Phoenix.It has a great waterway that runs through it.  A golf course, Canoeing, A kids amusement park,and more.There are even ducks and Swans at times.The Kids Amusement park is great, only open in the Summer. But, there is so much to do here. Rides, games and lots of fun. Not too exspensive either.Plenty of places to park. Plus it is a huge park so you can always find a quiet spot.The thing I do not like about it is all the homeless that are always milling around here. You could never allow your children to go here by themselves. Of course you can't do that anywhere now. It is not like when we were kids.But. if you are with your children, grandkids, etc,etc this is the place for a fun day. Just do not go when it is too hot.
5	Growing up my family came to Encanto Park for many gatherings and picnics. We recently rented the historic Encanto Park Clubhouse for our son's wedding rehearsal dinner. " Awesome and charming" were some of the comments we heard over and over from our guests throughout the evening.  The clubhouse and the park created a warm and beautiful environment for our celebration.  We had La Canasta Capitolio Mexican Restaurant cater the  dinner and they were pleased as well with the kitchen inside this amazing jewel that Phoenix offers for private parties.We highly recommend this park in Phoenix for any type of family and company parties.
5	This is such a nice park.  WonderfulViews of uptown and camelback.  Love the ponds and bridges.The fact the city manages recycle bins through out is awesome! I take my dog here all the time and he loves it!The enchanted forest is a nice touch with the mini train!The city is in the process of redoing the athletic park which includes new tennis and basketball courts coupled with many new lights and shades which will create a great new feature to this already amazing fantastic neighborhood park in the middle of downtown PHX! With the golf course mixed in and the historic boathouse... This park is a must see and I love how quaint and neighborhood like it is.I live just around the block and love how accessible it is!
5	Love this park! I remember having Birthday parties here as a child and having the best time! Clean HUGE and kid friendly park. keep the kids entertained with rides, playgrounds, bike paths lakes with ducks and other animals running around and plenty of shaded ramada areas to relax or grill up some grub for your afternoon picnic or birthday celebration. Surrounded by an great neighborhood full of historic homes, local businesses and super close to Phoenix College. Ill be back.
4	I love Encanto Park. I initially came here because I live so close, but there are a bunch of reasons why I come back. First of all, it's beautiful. There's a little lake and water system that runs through the park with a few walking bridges that add a nice touch. There are tons of walking trails and ducks/birds/swans/turtles to look at. My boyfriend has hit golf balls there a few times and really enjoys the facility. There may be a hobo lurking here and there, but that's what you get almost anywhere in downtown Phoenix. There's a children's amusement park that I have yet to go to, but I'll amend my post once I've gone.Overall, this park is perfect for an afternoon stroll, a book in the shade, or place to hit a few balls.
5	This is my neighborhood park and I don't think it can get much better than this. I go here almost everyday to walk my dog and the park is always fairly quiet, clean, and well maintained. The park is huuuuge... it has a bunch of paths, fishing, paddle boats, playgrounds, golf course, tennis courts, basketball courts... there are always families here and it just has a nice feel. I'm so happy to have a park like this by my house... will continue to visit regularly.
4	Great green spot in downtown Phoenix!  It's fun to bring bread and feed the birds (although technically, you're not supposed to....).  There are always lots of families and kids there on the weekends and people walking their dog.  There is a small amusement park in the park for little kids with a few rides and other activities.  You can also rent a paddle boat for the pond.  I also see people fishing from the pond, although I personally would not eat fish from that water....The only cons are that because there are a lot of birds, there is a LOT of bird poop.  And when you have a dog who likes to eat bird poop (yes, mine does, it's gross) it can be difficult to avoid all the bird droppings.  Also one time I saw two birds get in a REALLY BRUTAL fight, it was a little traumatizing.  Oh and the parking lots can get filled up on the weekends too.
4	Great place for outdoor pickleball. Tennis courts have recently been remodeled as well as other aspects of the park. Swimming pool, outdoor basketball and volleyball (sand & hard court) are also available. Kind of a hood section of town, but haven't had any problems to date.
4	Say what you want, Encanto Park is a well done plot of community free fun. It can get a little sketchy at night but that's because you are a wimp. Grow some gonads and enjoy the perks of downtown living!I have been here numerous times and enjoy the setting. I would however like them to stock the water with fish regularly. It's a lot of water with almost zero fish.
4	Say what you want, Encanto Park is a well done plot of community free fun. It can get a little sketchy at night but that's because you are a wimp. Grow some gonads and enjoy the perks of downtown living!I have been here numerous times and enjoy the setting. I would however like them to stock the water with fish regularly. It's a lot of water with almost zero fish...
