5	When was the last time you sat on your couch at home with a cold one in the left hand with your right hand buried in a bag of cheetoh deliciousness and thought to yourself.... " I really need to see a life coach."  Did you just answer that question with "Never"... Yeah me too, but I have to say, put the cold one down lick off your fingers or wash them whatever you prefer and give Jen a call. Jen has been a friend for a little while and when I found out that she was life coaching I was obviously reluctant since as an ex football player as soon as I thought about letting her "Coach" me I pictured me running laps or pushing a sled with Jen Standing on it Yelling " That's all you got". This was probably the farthest picture of what it actually ended up being. Through some phone calls and conversations with Jen and actually opening up to her she was actually able to help me find my "Sweet spot" well.... That is what I like to call it, that place in life where things are going well, and mentally and emotionally you are in your sweet spot. Living your life "IN' your life, not going through the motions on the outside looking in. She in a subtle non-Pushup kind of way helped me to learn to be conscious of my thoughts and helped me to really understand, that your state of mind drives the ship.  Jen is very easy to talk to you and is very aware of the personal material you go over with her. I would recommend getting in touch with Jen and letting her help you to open your mind, body and soul to achieve all things Great!
5	If you find yourself in a place where you need some guidance, support, and hope.. or you're already on that path, yet just need some validation or encouragement.. then I would highly recommend Jen Clark!In order for anyone to be able to look at themselves, and dedicate time for self-growth, you have to truly be open and willing, but most importantly trust who is guiding/coaching you.  Jen possesses all of these qualities and more.  She's inspiring, and passionate about her work and belief system.  She is easy to engage with, whether it be through phone conversations, emailing, or in person.  When you find someone that possesses these qualities, and you allow yourself to be open to learning, then only great things will happen!  Thank you Jen for your kindness, genuineness, and sharing your gift of empowering others to change their lives for the better.
5	Jen is one of the most gentle and good spirited people I have ever met. Her thirst for knowledge and her passion for the mind/body/spirit connection are contagious. She truly loves to bring light and encouragement to others. One of the biggest things I've learned from her is to tap deeper into myself and really find what it is that brings me joy. Through her I have learned to cope with ongoing anxiety by meditation, and I have also learned about the benefits of using essential oils on a daily basis, and what it means to live a healthier lifestyle by incorporating organic non GMO foods into my diet.  Jen is intuitive, accepting, and dedicated. She has a wonderful combination of professionalism and confidence, and every chance I get to speak with her is time will spent. She leaves me feeling supported and empowered. It's an honor to know Jen!
5	Jen is amazing! I consider myself a pretty level headed person, but I was at a huge crossroad in my life and I wasn't getting anywhere talking with my mom or close friends so, one day, I saw this posting by Jen on FB. It was just a saying but it caught my attention. A few days went by and I saw another one. I clicked on her FB page and then to her website with more information. I read it all and I then made my decision to e-mail her. I am so glad I did.  I then made the appointment with her. I have to say it was the best hour and a half I have had in a long time! She truly understood me! She never judged me or made me feel bad or uncomfortable. I never thought I would need a life coach but I am so glad I called Jen. My life has changed so much since my first encounter with her and it gets better each day. She is so positive, enlightening, and uplifting! A ray of sunshine on what was a cloudy day for me.
5	What a blessing Jen is!  She is one of the most caring, positive, accepting people I have ever had the pleasure to meet.  She really listens to you, never judges and gives the most insightful and positive help.   She honestly wants you to have and live the best possible life you can and will help you achieve that.  She really has a special gift and the world is a better place bc of her presence in it!
