4	FIRST! K so sometimes, you just gotta have something familiar, simple, cheap! This is that place for the hubby and I. When we don't know what else to eat, we automatically drive to Taco Bell. If we had a programmable location on our car, this would be at the top of the list. Yes, I know TB is not exactly healthy, gourmet, or even real meat, but you know its delicious! Everyone deep down loves some TB but doesn't wanna admit it. This particular location is our favorite mainly because we have watched them go from struggling and retarded to getting our order nailed down to a fine art. Everyone here is always friendly especially the night manager who has been there since the memorable day 3 years ago that we moved to this wonderful town I call The Copa. I am assuming she is a manager because this girl does whatever it takes to make the customers happy and really seems to love her job. I can't see your average TB clerk being that way and sticking around for 3 years! Anyways, when you are sitting around trying to decide what to eat, I recommend going here and getting a few tacos, chalupas, and cheesy bean and rice burritos. Trust me, you wont be sorry... while eating them that is, might be sorry later though!PS: Try their new verde salsa and the fire roasted salsa (on cheesy items). They are terrific!
1	Never eating here again. They did something to my Chulpa. I have diaherrea. Everytime I buy food here, they get my order wrong.
3	Lets be honest...it's Taco Bell. It is meant to be cheap and yummy.I fed my family of 6 for about twenty bucks. I personally love the Volcano Tacos. I ate them for a month straight when they came out. While I am fifty pounded overweight bIecause of Doritos, I don't really like the Doritos tacos. The order was correct,  we all ate and no one is sick. Not a bad experience.:
1	Worst taco bell ever. Found mold on my tortilla and went back to complain and get my money back. So I go there and ask for my money back and they say they don't give money back. I show the manager the food and tells me its not mold. I'm lookin at her crazy rite, and she tells me I did it. I damn near hit the floor. She starts telling her co-workers its not mold. I just couldn't believe it.she gave me back my money for the one taco not the whole order. I'm just very disappointed on how they handle complaints over there. They lost a customer and friends and family I know. Beware of bad quality food they just don't care.
1	Horrible place. Went there last week and after I had placed my order I drive up and they tell me they have just ran out of beef! WTF?! Taco Bell out of beef!?! Just ridiculous. So went back today I ordered a salad, the fiery box and a side of lava sauce. First off the tacos looked like they were wrapped by my 3 yr old, produce was falling out of the bag, tacos were not placed in a "box", container with lava sauce not even a third way full, plus it has a funny smell to it, no fork with my salad and to top it all off I found a strand of hair in my salad!!!!! Only giving it 1 star because I have to give it something. On my way back to get my money
1	Reasons not to eat here: HAIR ON MY FOOD. EXPIRED SAUCE. DIARRHEA. RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.   I had 2 bad experiences here and my last because I won't be coming back. On my first visit I ordered a Big Box through the drive-through. I drive up to the window and they tell me they are out of beef!? Seriously? Taco Bell out of beef? Lol I guess... On my second visit I decided to give this place another shot. Everything about my order seemed wrong.My Order:I ordered a Fiery Box with a cherry limeade, a Catina Salad Bowl and a side of Lava Sauce. What was wrong:There was Hair on my cantina bowl!!! Disgusting! Lava sauce tasted and smelled really bad and expired like it was left out for a few weeks. I ALWAYS order a side of lava sauce so i know what its supposed to taste and smell like. My Fiery Box order was not in a "BOX" and just thrown in the bag, Not a big deal but they could've at least wrapped it up properly, the produce fell out and was all over in the inside of the bag. My cherry limeade tasted like they poured cough syrup into it.I drove back to Taco Bell to make a complaint. I asked for the night manager and  spoke to some Hispanic guy, I didn't get his name. Told him about the hair in my salad and was very inconsiderate, condescending, and rude. He acted as if I had put it in there. He said "why is the hair perfectly placed in the middle? I know we didn't put it in there", I wanted to hit the guy and shove his head up where the sun don't shine. I have nothing to gain by placing a piece of hair on my 4 dollar salad and driving all the way back their, I know I wouldn't  get a million bucks back,  I didn't even want a refund I just wanted to bring it to their attention. Even if i had intentionally put the hair in the salad, customers should be given the benefit of the doubt. I was honest and told him I placed it in the middle so I could take a picture of it and post it on yelp for everyone to see. DUH!? It was difficult to take a good picture of it the way the hair was positioned in the salad. One of the employees said he was sorry and I said  thanks and that obviously your manger isn't sorry. The manager gave me a refund for only the Salad and the cherry limeade and not the entire order. If I was the owner of this establishment I would've refunded the entire order and even gave some kind of coupon for a free meal or something. The manager told me to leave and to never come back. Lol. WOWI AM DONE WITH TACO BELL!
4	Great service the people here where friendly but at the same time it's Taco Bell people know what to expect as far as food quality
3	It's Taco Bell.  If your not ordering with the expectation of future diarrhea, you're only fooling yourself.  There seems to be high turn around of staff here.  Each time I've gone thru the drive thru, whomever was working seemed like they were doing the very best they could with what they were doing.  Friendly, most likely underpaid, and just trying to make ends meet.  I've never experienced rudeness which is huge.As for mixed up orders, burnt items, missing items, and sauce all over the outer wrapper--occasional yes to one or all.  Check your bags first.  If they are wrong, they are happy to fix it.  Save some Tums for later.
1	We had yo stop going here. We had so many bad experiences. We order their decent tocos that are 4 and 5 bucks and they kept giving us the cleap 99 cent tocos. Not okay.  We have had sour tasting meat, and some foul smelling lettuce. The workers tend to be helpful and very nice. But the food isn't any damn good. We have had them over charge us. Most recently we were double charged and when they had to refund me they short changed me $8 which I had to go back and demand it. The girl who had done it had just got off work and they said her cash drawer was over by $10 and that they would just give me the 10 and call it even. A nice gesture and honestly I wouldn't complain but what bothers me is that this worker was over charging customers and instead of righting the wrong they just "called it even" what about the other person/people who realized they were over charged and it was too late? Haven't been back and unless there's no other alternative we Dont plan to go back. This is not a usual experience for us at Toco Bell, just seems to be the one here in Maricopa.
4	It's Taco Bell people, not anything fancy or gourmet so I'm not sure why so many bad reviews. I've eaten here several times and have had nothing but great service. Again it is taco bell. Don't expect it to be more than just Taco Bell.
1	Has to be one of the worst drive thru I have been too on a Sunday night Around 9pm it took me 35 min yes you heard correctly 35 min to get some tacos the drive thru only had 5 cars in front of me too that's the worst part
1	Cashier was confused as to how to do her job. Ask her a question you won't get an answer. Someone from the kitchen will bring your food out with gloves and continue to use those gloves to cook someone else's order. The drive thru window speaker was so loud o could hear it outside. Both the orderer and the person taking the order. Food was OK. As expected from taco bell.
3	The problem with this Taco Bell is the complete lack of organization. I know someone who works there. He spent over a month calling and coming in at specified times only to be told the manager he had the meeting with was not there. After a little over a month, we find out that manger was fired. Then the lady who took his place was a tiny bit more organized. Now, 3 months later, the person I know works the line and has yet to be officially trained on anything. He has never done the computer work or safety training. He asks about it and is told there is no time. He was thrown on the line the first day, with absolutely no knowledge of what he is to do. If the management would step it up and train the employees, they may be surprised at the quality and reliability of their teams. I have first hand witnessed the manager lie to cover her lack of effort. with the knowledge I have now, I'd say these kids are doing a remarkable job.
