1	I have been going to Medhi Ansarinia for about 10 years. I had not been to him for a couple of years, just had stuff going on in my life. I always thought very highly of him and his office, he is the only doctor who ever gave me relief from my daily headaches and migraines. He moved to a new office and so I went to see him after my interval. I am so disappointed. I still think Dr. Ansarinia is great, but his staff and his interns are AWFUL. I have spent two whole days in that office answering questions and being poked with needles, went to have the blood work which was another whole day out of my weekend. They gave me drugs which I told them don't work, trust me I have tried them all. They ask questions and then argue with you when you try to answer them. They are rude and condescending. One of the staff members, a younger hispanic man, after giving me shots in my neck to relieve the migraines, took my blood pressure and then told me to go home, even though I was so dizzy I couldn't walk, then the nurse sees me and yells at me...doesn't help me mind you, but yells at me to go back and lay down and asks me if I am crazy.The final straw is that the Doctor said he would call in a script for a medication I know works for me, and when I went to pick it up at the pharmacy....they didn't have it. I called the Doctor office three times before finally reaching someone..the guy who answers the phone is very sweet and efficient, btw....and so I leave a message about the script.They call me back and then the girl who calls me back, yells at me, calls me rude when I try to explain why I need that script, tells me that's not the medication I need, and then when I tell her that the doctor has already prescribed this medicine to me, she tells me "Oh no you din't!!!" I was so surprised by her attitude and her unprofessional manner...I was shocked frankly.I hung up from the conversation after telling her to nevermind, I would find another doctor, to which she was happy to reply "good". WowI am still wondering if they are talking to everyone this way and if this is their common demeanor towards the patients. IT does seem as if the office is always busy. Anyways, what a waste of time for me. I would stay away from this doctor and his staff. They are in need of an attitude adjustment.
1	I went here on a few occasions. I was put on so many medications I ended up with a horrible reaction, so I had to stop taking them after trying to get in touch with someone I finally got a call back. That particular nurse was great. However Dr. A wanted me to try the block injections so I scheduled the appointment, paid in advance then when I came in Dr. A advised me that since my migraines had been more manageable we should hold off which I agreed. I spent 45 min waiting for him and when I did not get the procedure they refused to hive me my money back for something I didn't get!  A week or do later I had a migraine so bad I went in for an acute, I was very scared and in extreme pain. The male nurse that tried to start my IV blew the veins twice so finally another female nurse came in which was the same one that had always been friendly, I asked if she could do it and she did as well as put me at ease. After that the doctor came on to see how my pain was, I told him it was a little better but not gone, he then said he was going to give me something else. I told him I was scared of medications that make me loopy and I don't react well, he told me to relax and had the medication anyway. Immediately it was burning and I started feeling very odd so I started saying that it wasn't right and to take the IV out in which he actually told me I was over reacting and I just needed to relax. What is up with that?? I told him if they didn't remove it then I was going to rip it out myself they took it out and told me that I could leave if I had a ride. My husband came to take me home and they actually let someone in my condition leave without a word, no follow up or anything. Just a bill in the mail. Horrible experience other than the one nurse.. And the worst part still no migraine relief.
