4	I think I've been to Ninja about 10 times. What makes me keep coming back is the freshness of their fish. Why did I give it 4 stars instead of five? Because of a couple of things. The wait staff sometimes appears to forget that you are there. So order all your rolls at once! LOL  The rolls also at times could be tighter. Fall apart at times. They taste great, but I'm not enamored with having to eat my sushi in little pieces. OK, so that's the bad stuff. The good stuff? Ninja is a very casual sushi joint that I can go to and take my daughter or a casual date.  The sushi is delicious. Their sashimi is fresh, and their rolls, while not groundbreaking, never fail to satisfy. Another nice, added bonus is the Benihana-like back room. If you're into to that salt and pepper swingin', spatula slappin' stuff. :)  Disclaimer! I have no idea if the back room serves any edible food. Haven't eaten there, but it does seem fairly busy.So try Ninja, I think you'll like it as a change of pace. Especially on Friday and Saturday where the waits are much shorter than at top tier sushi joints.
4	I go to Ninja regularly and for the price, it can't be beat.  Ninja doesn't have the best sushi in the East valley (Sushi Eye in Tempe is better), but it's a great place to go for the all-you-can-eat sushi.  $20 will get you endless sushi and a bowl of miso soup, and the quality of everything is good.  The rolls are all tasty, and the nigiri is good (although, again, it's not mind-blowing).  I go there with large groups of friends and we all go with all-you-can-eat and literally sit there eating and talking for a solid 3 hours.  They keep bringing out the food and have never been upset that we stay there all night.  The one thing to be warned of is don't order anything you can't eat - you get charged extra for anything you don't finish.  However, since you can order over and over and over again, this isn't a big deal.  Just make a bunch of small orders so you can be sure your eyes aren't bigger than your stomach :)
2	again, if it sounds too good to be true, (all you can eat sushi) then it's probably too good to be true (AYCE sushi).so some of you are probably saying, "....he just ate at another AYCE sushi place and was so disappointed, fool you once shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me".  we've been living in chandler for 3.5 yrs and we've never even heard of this place.lesson learned:  never eat at a sushi place that doesn't come with high recommendations from people you have eaten with and trust their palates.there's a semi-rational reason that other places charge $8-$13 a roll.  if they charge you that much and the sushi is sucky, then you would be the one making a scene at the cash register.what's the deal w/japanese food being inherently expensive?  they sell us great cars and really do it to us on the food.  show me a japanese restaurant where you can get out the door for less than $15/head and i'll show you kyoto bowl (see review)for half the price, you can get twice as much food at an authentic chinese restaurant and have a ton of leftovers.  but i guess you can't get chinese cooks to cook it in front of you while catching shrimp in their hats.go figurei was amazed that when we went there on a friday night, the place was standing room only (but we were the only people of asian persuasian)    .  i get the impression that the staff is trying to save money (more tips for the 2 waitresses?) because they seemed to be falling all over each other like keystone cops, wizzing past our tables and avoiding eye contact whenever we needed an extra pair of chopstix, napkins or water refills.am i being the the overly cautious 1st time parent or what?  the waitress brings out the scalding hot soup and passes it right over the head of our 1 y/o daughter sitting in her high chair and plops it down within arms reach of her.  we quickly move it to the adult who ordered it (brilliant).we were sitting with my friend's 20 or so family members and requested a separate check to ease the confusion.  she stuttered and stammered and said that she was not allowed to do that and that we would have to be on the same check (i guess we had to sit at a separate table to get a separate tab?)  i could see how 18 on 1 tab and 2 on another would be confusing.my wife ordered the tempura soba noodle soup and said that it was so salty that her tongue is now preserved for life.  i ordered the chicken katsu which was decent, but the sauce was almost like biscuits and gravy style sauce.if you're on a budget and just wanna stuff your face with low-grade sushi and walk away full, then this is the place.  if you want quality, great tasting sushi, then you'll have to pay the piper.you have been forewarned
2	Home of the $20 all u can eat rice with a garnish of raw fish. The hand rolls are laughable: they are huge, and look like black skinned larvae engorged with crunchy rice.The rice in the Nigiri and rolls was the worst I've tasted at any Japanese restaurant. Hard and flavorless, it was utterly unacceptable. Tasted like there was no vinegar or seasoning whatsoever.The waitresses run around like rush hour traffic, bumping into each other and the teppan cooks. The place was packed, which was unbelievable. Life's too short to eat bad sushi, people!!Caveat Emptor.
2	Ok, I admit it. Ever since Hana Japanese Eatery opened up near me I have become a sushi snob.But, we had been to Ninja a couple times before and it wasn't bad. They are reasonably priced and have specials. The staff is nice and friendly, decent atmosphere, fairly intimate and dark, a little loud sometimes, but ok.So we were ok with it when our friends invited us out to Ninja for dinner.They say the third time is the charm.  Well, this time it wasn't.The sushi was bland with a lot of rice. Too much rice. It was just about all you could taste. Mussel, calamari, tuna, etc., it almost all tasted the same. I had a hard time getting my mouth around some of the pieces. The rolls, too, we are rice, with about a third of the center being the ingredients. Before Ninja was not bad. But this time it was.
1	What I thought was decent upon the first visit, had somehow morphed into mediocre and in some cases, disgusting. What the heck happened?I agree with the other reviewers about the ratio of rice to fish- its ridiculous how much rice they cram into their nigiri. We did do the all you can eat sushi deal, and I was totally taken aback by the waitress's admonition that we will get charged for what we don't eat. Excuse me? We didn't order extravagantly, and I doubt what we got would have totaled the $20 charge for the AYCE. Anyway, the sushi itself was about as flavorful as a ten dollar bill. I love eel, and they managed to screw up the eel so badly that it tasted like cardboard and had the texture of dry, severely overcooked fish. The yellowtail sashimi just didn't taste right, and I paid for that one for the rest of the night. Ouch. Ah well. At least the sake is cheap and good.
4	My last night in Phoenix, before going to Las Vegas to see my youngest son. My sister originally wanted to go to Naples Ristorante ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/naples-ristorante-chandler#hrid:aBzZ0Y_OGjtgh9P2AAEMpQ ), her favorite Italian restaurant. But, she noticed Ninja Japanese Restaurant on the way to Naples. Looks like Japanese tonite!Miso Soup (***) Small oriental-style bowl of over-Salted Miso Soup. Just too much Soy Sauce!Dinner Salad (***) Iceberg Lettuce with a unique Ginger-based Salad Dressing that was reminiscent of Thousand Islands.Benihana tonight...Teriyaki Steak (****) Not up to the quality of the Seafood, but tender nevertheless. Asked for medium-rare... got medium.Shrimp &amp; Scallops (*****) The tenderest Scallops I've had in Phoenix! And the de-shelled Shrimp wasn't half bad either!Side of Vegetables (*****) Also grilled by the Benihana Cook... noticed the cook uses Butter in almost before grilling anything. Very, very good.Fried Rice (*****) Also a part of the Benihana experience.The Hispanic Benihana Cook had worked at Ninja for over five years; he said he started off as a Food Prep person and gradually acquired skills in Benihana Cooking and eventually became a Sushi Chef also. The Cook says it will take three months to acquire the knife-handling skills demonstrated at the beginning of the meal.... knife blades flashing all over, tap-tap-tapping of knives against the grill... pretty impressive, as I'm not a knifing expert!Lemonade (****) Never saw the bottom of the glass... cold and refreshing!Sake (****) My sister didn't want to try straigh Sake. I convinced our waitress to mix a Sake-White Wine Cooler! Worked out pretty well... not as strong as pure Sake, chilled rather than heated.... you can appreciate both types of liquor... chilled!Service (*****) Very friendly and outgoing waitress... who happened to be the sister of the owner. She was very accommodating to the least flexible and least experimental of the family... my sister. Ninja Japanese Restaurant has been at this location for close to thirty years... starting off as a straight Japanese dinner restaurant... adding Benihana Grills and Fans as that type of Japanese cooking became in vogue... then converting some space and adding Cooks for the Sushi craze in the last decade.Total tab: $53.The decor of the restaurant reflects the changing face of Japanese cooking the last three decades. In the main dining area... 70s style hanging round globe lamps... A more modern Sushi style bar area at the rear of the restaurant where it looks a lot more "fun" talking to the Sushi Chef and all that... To the right as you enter, a strictly dated and dark Benihana-style dining area with Grills that could accommodate up to thirteen people and as few as six. Why is it dark? When your Benihana Cook arrives with all the food... he / she gets highlighted by the built-in lamps embedded in the vents above him. Techno Japanese rap was played pretty loud throughout our meal! I guess this is an attempt by Ninja to attract a younger restaurant audience. Don't think the music is going to work, though!
3	I was forced to come here, I must say to begin with. After I found out My niece's Birthday dinner was going to be here I checked it out with the Yelpers and found a lot of disappointing to downright awful reviews about this little corner strip mall Japanese restaurant. I hemmed and hawed a lot! I must say it was not half bad. We had the Teppanyaki which, it appears, most reviewers did not experience. To begin with, there were 9 of us filling up our Teppan table to the max. The room was clean with some typical Asian style decor strewn about. It was 5pm and the dining room was quiet still. A very nice woman took our drink order. She was very friendly and recognized my brother and a couple of other diners from our group. That was very nice of her. She made small chat with them and made them feel welcome. Very cool. She admitted that she did not make very good margaritas and just left it at that. She did not offer, really, that someone else could make them. Not so cool. I mean my grandma wanted to get her margarita on and she just said, "Margarita-very-I make." Luckily for Grams, the other woman who brought my iced tea and my brother's Kieran's said she made excellent Margaritas. The menu was a little challenging for Grandma and I. Neither of us had done Teppanyaki before. With help we made our choices. I had safe terriyaki chicken and she ordered chow mien. The rest of the group ordered more adventurous fare even some sushi rolls. The edamame was very nice. My iced tea was refilled in a timely manner. the restaurant quickly became busy. Our dinner arrived promptly as well beginning with the soup. It definitely needed spicing up. Not my favorite. The salad came next, and while it looked like a cafeteria salad with it's iceberg lettuce and faux wood bowl, it was very flavorful. This was solely due to the powerful ginger dressing making even iceberg lettuce delicious. Then the real fun began. Our Teppan chef was great! he showed amazing skill and organization combined with artistry and showmanship. It was his flair and the taste of his works that truly made this dinner memorable- oh yeah then my grandma said, "You need to lose some weight! You're getting FAT!" I will not soon forget that! Thanks Grandma, have another Margie! Overall, Ninja was unexpectedly good. The service was genuine and friendly. The prices seemed fair and the Teppan show was truly amazing.
4	Here is the deal with this place. I go here about 3 times a month. It's owned by a small korean family. the rolls are average per most sushi joints. But the fish here is by far fresher then anything at RA, Kona, or Sakitini. for 21.95 at lunch and 24.95 at dinner its all you can eat. They do use a little more rice than most other places unless you are a regular. For better service, better portions become a regular here and make yourself known with the chefs. I like places like Kona, RA , Sakitini but when I get the bill I feel raped I usually rack up a $65-$90 at those places but here I can go more frequently and not have to shell out as mush cash. Don't expect this to be some upscale joint it's not its for average family's. Not for the Shi Shi peeps of the valley.
3	I have been to Ninja three times and it has been consistently good, but not great.  They have some great lunch deals with my favorite so far being the yakuniku, which was very good.  One of the people I was with had the chirashi bowl and he said it was good.  I have not been blown away, but the food is consistently good and very reasonably priced for lunch.
3	This place seems old and outdated.But sushi is good, yes good not great.service was decent.the problem that I had was the tables are too close together, you cant enjoy a meal with your family because its too crowded and noisy.If you want to enjoy a meal and conversation don't eat here.
3	If I could give a 3.5, I would. Was kinda apprehensive about this place after reading the reviews but was pleasantly surprised. The biggest negative would be the bathrooms. It was like I was in some nasty truck stop in Detroit or something... Just gross. The girls was also confirmed to be in the same sorry state  Have some respect for your business and your customers. Invest a bit of your money in the bathrooms, it will make a difference. And now, the food: it was surprisingly good! I don't know why some teppanyaki places give you crappy broth for soup but this place gives you actual miso. It was like suckin on a cube of MSG. delish. The filet and scallops were some of the best. it looked like he had overcooked the scallops but, aside from them not being the largest I have eaten, they were some of the most tender and delicious. Same with the filet - melt in your mouth goodness. Oh, one other thing ... Chill out with the garlic!!! I love garlic but putting a couple tablespoons worth on each item is waaaaay too much. Next time I will ask they use half the amount and it would still be pretty garlic-y.oh, and they broccoli as one of the veggies. and why cant i get my fried rice in a bowl? its so much easier to eat.
2	the only reason to come here is for the $19.99 all you can eat deal. It does have the widest selection of sushi on the AYCE menu but most of it is average to below average. The unagi here is downright inedible to the point that it makes you sick the second you taste. Its so bad that my friends and I avoid rolls with it.There rolls are ok but mostly bland (so is a lot of the nigiri) the wasabi roll and 911 rolls definitely bring some heat but are still edible and they are ok. The albacore nigiri however is melt in your mouth and for $20 i could almost justify consuming about 15 orders of it as a meal (i had 6.5 the other night even with 2 other rolls).The one issue though is something did upset my stomach and my girlfriends but i have been here 3 other times with no issue.If your looking for a lot of sushi cheap come here but if you want quality this isn't the place to be. Moto's AYCE on saturday's is less expansive of a menu but the fish quality is light years better.
3	My first time to this place yesterday for early dinner. It is what it is. Unpretentious sushi. Unlike other reviews the ratio of rice to other ingredients were as they should be. Also unlike other reviews, the rolls were tightly made so nothing falling apart. Maybe it's all in who makes them. Ours were made by one of the owners. The ones we ordered were the Volcano, Rainbow, Ninja 1, Las Vegas, and Shrimp Tempura Roll. I would order all again except for the Volcano as it is a hot/cooked roll and did not particularly like the texture and temperature. I would definitely go here again.
5	This place is amazing! I love going here. my friends and I love coming here for $20 all you can eat sushi... I have never been disappointed. the staff is wonderful and the good is great!
1	Worst sushi I've ever had. This is my first bad review of a place on yelp, but I want to make sure nobody else goes there. Not because I'm a hater, but because the food is terrible and I don't want anybody else wasting they're hard earned cash on this place. Sorry folks, it's AZ, just go to RA or Kona.
2	Went here for my bday last year. We called to make reservations because from what people said we thought it was going to be a busy place and we planned on doing the hibachi grill so we were sure we needed them. When we arrived....there was not a single person in the place, and they had already been open for a couple of hours. Not a good sign. We decided against the hibachi and just went for the all you can eat sushi, which didn't turn out to be any cheaper than just getting a couple rolls of sushi. The food wasn't that great. The service was ok. I wasn't impressed at all...probably won't be back.
1	Ugh the sushi is terrible here!! There is no flavor and its dry! I have had tons of experience with sushi...the good, the bad, the food poisoning!!
5	I love this place!Great food, service, atmosphere, and prices that cannot be beat! There sushi is some of the best I have had in town.  Everything is fresh and flavorful.  I have been to quite a few different places here in Phoenix and this is one of my all time favorites.  I have been here numerous times and have never been disappointed!  Highly recommend to first time visitors and seasoned sushi connoisseurs ;) I will be back in for more soon!
5	We came to Ninja for teppanyaki on New Years Eve and had a blast. The atmosphere is fun and the staff is great. I've also had sushi here before and it's one of my favorite places for sushi in the Phoenix area. If you go for sushi, you should definitely sit at the sushi bar.
4	Not high-end sushi, but for $25 the quality & variety of the all-u-can-eat (ordered fresh from a menu) is very good. We always have friendly & prompt service as well.
1	Went there tonight.Worst Sushi I have ever had.
2	I had my 1st experience at Ninja last night after a co-worker recommended it... The place was busy, but not packed & there was no wait. There were 3 of us & we ordered 5 rolls to start off with... 1-1.5 hours later our 1st roll came out! Completely unacceptable!!! Right before that 1st roll (which was devoured in a minute between 3 people), our waitress finally realized how long we had been waiting & offered us some edamame because of the wait. There were a couple of large tables doing the all-you-can-eat sushi that seemed to get the preferential treatment. Onto the sushi...Tempura Calamari Roll - bland w/ lots of riceSpicy Salmon Roll - decent, but a little blandLas Vegas Roll - not the best I've had, but good.20 Mile Roll - Very good, probably because it's slathered in sauces for flavor.Baked Scallop Roll - Delicious... although I could just eat the scallop & crabmeat topping all night.I'll probably give this place another chance to see if there service gets any better, probably for happy hour because they had a decent happy hour menu... maybe 12-15 items (rolls & apps) in the $3-4 range.
4	I have been to Ninja many times, and both my wife and I agree, this is some of the best priced, and best overall sushi in the east valley.Ninja doesn't have the flair of Blue Wasabi, or Ra. But its good food, made by real Sushi Chef's from Japan.It is your typical-older-dive sushi joint, don't go in expecting anymore then that.
4	Great sushi, great all you can eat prices, overall an outstanding place!
5	I love this place!! I love these people!!the $20 all you can eat is hard to beat!!They are so nice and have only once had a problem with service (the person was new).
5	I typically eat sushi weekly, and fortunately for me, was made aware of Ninja this past month.  I think I have been there nearly 10 times this past month or two alone.Ninja offers great food at an unbeatable price.  The Boston roll is my favorite roll that I have had anywhere--only $4 on happy hour too!  The Spicy Tuna is better than at Kona or Ra, too, and for a lower price ($3 happy hour, for instance).  $20 all you can eat with great selection--try the Albcarore.Asahi bombers for $5-$6--they also have delicious plum sake.  I wish I had known about Ninja a few months ago to celebrate my birthday rather than Ra.  Ninja would have saved my group $100-$200 and offer a better overall experience, namely in quality of food.
4	I recently went to the Ninja for sushi with friends.  I am not a big sushi fan and was a little scared from the reviews but I was plesently surprised.  Maybe the people who wrote the review were drunk on Sake.  the service was fine the sushi was great and in a timely manner for sushi, I would say the resaurant was a quarter full. l will be going back with more friends....
4	I've gone here twice, and been pretty pleased each time. I love the Boston and Philly Roll, and my husband really likes the 911 roll. The edemame is pretty good, but I wish they had chunky salt instead of table salt, and it could stand to be a little crunchier/fresh. When they bring it out, it's literally piping hot...right out of the *cough* microwave. No, I'm not surprised that it's most likely microwaved, I'm sure a lot of us would be surprised how many restaurants microwave dishes (however, I'm not defending them. They shouldn't be!)The first time I came here, I got the Las Vegas Roll, because whatever Sushi place I happen to visit, I've always been impressed with the different variations of it. This visit wasn't so pleasant. I had my husband try a piece too, and he agreed, that something was...off. I'm pretty sure they used burnt oil or burnt grease. Something. It was some chemical gone wrong taste. SO needless to say, I won't order the Vegas Roll again. It *may* have been a mistake, but I'm a little scared to try it again just to see.We usually go on a weekday between 3-4 so it's dead (I mean DEAD, we're the only ones there) so service is prompt. I can't speak for everyone else on the hour waits.Overall, for the price (happy hour sushi is $3-4) we will definitely be going back!
5	i have been going this place now almost 20 years plus.  great food good people what more can u ask for....
4	I've only been here once and it was for my friend's birthday party on the weekend. LOTS of people were here. The waitresses were so very nice! It did take awhile for our food to come out, but I'm assuming thats because we ordered 45405348347598454 rolls... Between the sake bombers and overdosing on eel rolls, I can't really remember if the service was exceptional.. all I can say is that I didn't get sick so that has to say a lot :D
3	Not bad food but both times I have eaten there we were forced out by the loud techno music
5	This is the best sushi / japanese food in town beats RA and benihanas!! Can't get enough! My boyfriend is addicted, we definitely will be coming back
1	We went here since we had a Living Social deal expiring.  The service was pretty bad and half of my meal was cold.  They do offer all you can eat sushi for $20, but not even sure if it would be worth it.
5	Great food, been eating here for 7 years, the atmosphere is very welcoming, the service is above excellent, must try.
4	Cool music, awesome service, amazing sushi, SCARY-ASS bathroom.
5	Love me some Ninja! Get the Ninja roll and the Lollipop! Don't forget to grab the baked scallop or creamy garlic rolls. Holy deliciousness!This is my all time favorite sushi spot. The wait staff are amazing and the food it delicous. I would be considered a regular here if I didn't live on the north side of Phoenix. I have been going to Ninja since I moved to Arizona in 2004.
4	All you can eat sushi for $20? Yes please. So I finally met up with my friend Chris, who lives close to this place for some all you can eat Sushi on a Saturday afternoon. The place was empty, but then again it was around 2pm ( although it picked up by the time we left) We had a little bit of everything as there all you can eat menu is pretty generous. Be careful as you must eat what you order or you will be charged. ( no worries as we made sure there was not a crumb left). Ladies, be advised that their ladies room is a little scary. I mean its kinda dark in there so just be careful! All in all, not to shabby and I will be back to visit again soon.
1	Paper think sushi, why do they think we wouldn't realize this, unreal. Purchased 20 for 40 Groupon,  stay away, not worth it at all
4	When we decided to get the recent Groupon, I have to admit I was wary.  As per ushe, I checked in with Yelp.  The reviews here are so contradictory, I didn't know what to expect.  Since I'm far from a sushi snob (if it tastes good and doesn't make me sick, we're good!) I figured there was little to lose.  I was pleasantly surprised with the experience.To start off, it was a little hard to find.  I was in the right parking lot, but literally watched the red dot on my phone map and drove around trying to line it up with the green one.  Finally found it.  The atmosphere inside was nice, it wasn't very busy so it was pretty relaxed.  Very Japanese decor.  We were seated immediately, and water came pretty quickly.My one complaint of the evening was the long wait between getting the water and getting the menu.  When the waitress (who was very polite) brought them over, she explained that we could not get all-you-can-eat with our Groupon (sensible) but explained what it entailed for next time.  We ordered 6 or 7 rolls, 6 of which were very tasty.  The 7th...the Volcano Roll... was pretty weird.  It was spicy (not necessarily bad), sea-foody, and seemed to have been fired.  The flavor just wasn't what one expects with sushi.  The Arizona and Vegas rolls were great and the others were pretty good.The total bill was very reasonable for 4 people for Sushi.  Take off the Groupon, and we got out for about $5 each.  If I go back with a big appetite, I'll definitely try the all-you-can-eat menu for $20.  And when I say "if", I mean "when".
4	Very impressed. After checking out some of the negative reviews about this place, I thought my $20 for $40 Groupon was going to be a waste. Not the case.It was tricky to find at first. Once we did see NJR tucked away in the corner, we admired the Japanese-themed doorway and ambiance. The restaurant itself was bigger than I envisioned with full sushi bar, tables and side section for Tepanyaki. I love that smell! The waitress explained that the Groupon was not good for the all-you-can eat, but our $40 dollars took us a long way. I really enjoyed the baked sushi and everything with eel sauce was fantastic. The rolls were a bit smaller than some other sushi places, but I don't like a huge mouthful of fish. They have all of your garden-variety specialty rolls: Vegas, Dragon, Arizona, Philly, Cali, etc. We even got a little dangerous and picked ones we never heard of. They did not disappoint! I was very happy with the variety and all four of us were stuffed.One of my friends asked for some extra wasabi and they gave us a ton. Arigatou gozaimasu!Next time I'm going back for the AYCE and the $5.99 saki bombers!
2	Sad!! The talent and creativity of their sushi chefs is unfortunately trumped by the horrific customer service due to lousy wait staff. The rolls here are creative, fresh, funky (sometimes too funky, i've had a weird choice or two that i would not choose again) and overall pretty good. But if their paying customers continue to be neglected during their visits they will inevitably fall due to low scoring reviews. My review score is based solely on the horrible service provided by their waitress last week.
3	It's been a long time since we were here.  I remember this being at least a 4-star place.  But based on this visit, I can't really go over 3-star.By looks, the ambiance is fine.  "Looks Japanese".  But they play contemporary rock.  Doesn't fit.  It was enough that I noticed it, which isn't great.We couldn't do tepanyaki (my first choice) because they had a "large party coming".  Several people showed-up, but there were still several griddle/tables available.  I assume they didn't have enough chefs to staff them, but don't really know.  If the room had been filled it would have been easier to shrug my shoulders and accept they had reserved the space.  But it wasn't, so it was a bit annoying.So we grabbed a table.  We could have grabbed seats at the sushi bar, but we wanted some hot food too.  We ordered a few sushi rolls, and one stir-fried (I assume) beef and vegetable dish (I think it was called Yakiniki).The rolls were fine.  Nothing really special.  Better than you get pre-packaged in a grocery, certainly.  But I've had better in other restaurants.  Not as good as I remember last time I was here, but maybe my memory is fooling me.  Given the pricing, it should be better.  Again, they were fine.  But not "wonderful".The beef dish was disappointing.  Not much beef.  LOTS of mushrooms, plus some other veggies.  Sauce was nothing special.  Not bad, but I wouldn't order it again.All in all, an unextraordinary meal.  It was fine.  But not as good as I remember, nor as good as I would expect for a place that charges what Ninja charges.Glad I had a Groupon.  Helped defray my actual out-of-pocket, so that was nice.If the service had been better I might be able to give 3.5 stars.  But service was inattentive, and inconsistent.  Sometimes it was cheerful, and other times it was impatient.  From the same server over a matter of 10 minutes.  Very strange.  So three stars it is.  I would not avoid this place, but I won't make a point of eating here again either.
4	Food and service were amazing, even with one server. I highly recommend the Chirashi. They do have a bar and pour strong drinks. Enjoyed my experience, will go back. The bathroom is in serious need of an update and lighting.
5	This is a great place to eat when you have a hefty appetite! We always get the all-you-can-eat sushi. It's about $20 but it is SOOOOO worth it! The catch is you will be charged with anything left behind (including rice). So be careful! We've left in fullness pain a couple times, mostly due to the fact that my sister likes to order 10 or more orders of sashimi! They get you with the large amount of rice they put under the raw fish, so I, personally, like to go for their specialty rolls. I recommend the volcano rolls, but don't eat them right away because they are scolding hot but super delicious! I also like the Kentucky roll a lot, it is a roll that is filled with Japanese style fried chicken and wow its amazing. Almost anything they have on the menu is worth a try!! Again, it's all you can eat so be sure to look through ALL of their specialty rolls and try as many as you can finish! Also, make sure you ask for some unagi sauce on the side, that stuff is good on everything!! The staff is really nice and super attentive and when there is a birthday, the gong comes out!
3	Even though it was fun to watch the food prepared, I felt the food was overly salty.  The chef told us what the spices were before he started cooking, but since the food for the entire table was cooked together, there was no way  that I could stop him from using so much salt. The food was well cooked and would have been tasty, if it had not tasted so much like salt. We did not try the sushi, even though that was our original intent, because the Teppanyaki was so tempting, but priced us out of the moderate range.  ($51 for two entrees and one saki bomb)   Also is it really necessary to charge an extra $3 to have fried rice instead of white.   it's fun to watch the chefs cook, so entertainment is a good reason to go. The serving size was good, not huge, but filling.  If you eat teppanyaki it is served at a grill, with other people so privacy/intimacy is not an option.  The staff was pleasant but  not what I would call  friendly. I'm glad we tried it, and maybe we will go back and try the sushi, but I won't return for the teppanyaki.
4	I'm not very familiar with other Japanese restaurants in Chandler, but this one was a great find. You'll get the authentic Japanese feeling when you walk in and you're greeted in Japanese by a hosted who will seat you(of course you can sit at the bar or at a table). The decor and ambiance of the restaurant sets off the mood just right for a casual date night.The service was excellent and the food came out fairly fast for how busy they were. Couldn't remember what we had ordered but it was good. Would dine again in the near future.
1	I always like to try new restaurant. After reading Yelp with some mixed reviews, I went on and bought a Groupon $25 for $50 deal and thought it was a good deal. It was my bf and I first time at Ninja's. The place was empty, we were greeted by a very sweet waitress. The first thing I noticed was the chefs. I thought, well it's ok, not all Sushi restaurants have to have Japanese chefs to make it good. Does that make me a Sushi snob? : / The first thing our waitress ask if we have a Groupon. Why? Does that matter, I thought. I said yes and she gave us the menu. We look at it but nothing sounds appetizing. Is it a different menu cause we have a Groupon? We decided to order a lot just in case... I think I've ordered about 10 rolls, sushi, and sashimi, But when our food arrived, it didn't seem enough. Our waiter didn't tell us what was on the first plate. Then the second round, he just drop it off on our table and we have no idea what we'd got. The rolls were just medico, nothing fancy or tasty. I thought they were all bland. Felt like the foods were made from Sushi 101 cookbook. My bf loves sushi and can sit forever eating them, but by the third plate, he said he was done and wanted to get the rest home. I was very surprised when the bill came, it was over $100 without drinks. I gave our waiter our Groupon and it came down to $65. I felt like we were gypped cause I don't think we recieved all the food we've ordered. I look at the order sheet and some wasn't cross off. And we weren't even stuffed ( it doesn't take a lot for me ) Also, we have very little leftover. I would have check with our waiter but my bf didn't care for the rest of the food. He didn't enjoy them anyway. So when I thought about it all, I spent way more than I wanted too, just to try a new place and leftover I don't think neither of us would eat again. This is one reason why my bf don't like to sway away from our favorite place. With that, the amount  we spent we could have gone to our favorite place twice, that's what he said! :)Needless to say, I won't be coming back. But if you're not a sushi snob and for $20 all you can eat sushi, this place might be for you.
4	Great Sushi spot. Nice staff and wonderful food. T
1	This is probably the worst Japanese restaurant at which I have eaten in the Valley.  First, there is no pork whatsoever on the menu, meaning that classic dishes like katsu donburi and tonkatsu are unavailable.  The yakisoba was served swimming in a sweet sauce that missed the point of being fried (yaki) noodles.  The tempura was good and the sushi was OK, for the Valley.  Overall, this is a restaurant that purports to be Japanese but seems to have no one of Japanese descent, or even knowledge, anywhere around.
4	Ok, let's be completely honest. Chandler does not have the greatest sushi restaurant selection.  We've tried several non-chain restaurants in the area with a sense of defeat and remorse being the shared feeling of the group at recounting our ordeal. However, when visiting Ninja Japanese, we were pleasantly surprised.  Truth be told - if compared with the best of the best sushi and teppanyaki places on the planet Earth, it would fall mid to bottom of the scale (authenticity and fresh out of the water tasty goodness with the perfect pairings and accompaniments is truly hard to find).  BUT if you are in the east valley, this is definitely worth a visit!  We were big fans of the following:* FANTASTIC SERVICE.  Our waiter (I WISH I could remember his name for a proper shout-out) was amazing - attentive, professional, prompt and knowledgeable of the menu's choices.  What else could you ask for?* YUMMY SUSHI ROLLS, SASHIMI & SAKE.  Everything we ordered tasted fresh and delicious.  Again, I wish I could remember exactly what we ordered (too much sake maybe).  We did take the waiters suggestions on a few selections and they didn't disappoint.  A non-sushi believer in our group even ordered a chicken teriyaki plate that they seemed to enjoy very much as well. * UPBEAT/MODERN ATMOSPHERE.  There was fun music playing in the background, clean and contemporary decor and although you could definitely wear a nice top and jeans, I felt completely comfortable in my dress and heels.  We'll be back!
4	Older establishment but good service and food. The miso was way too salty but the teppan chicken, steak and veggies were really good. Our teppan chef was really friendly. Visited due to a Groupon and would go back for sure even without one as it was competitively priced.
1	So I would love to say that I've eaten the sushi at this place, but unfortunately, I cannot. My girlfriend and I arrived at 11:25am on a Wednesday and were delighted to see that the Open sign was lit up and the door was unlocked despite the sign saying they opened at 11:30am. We hadn't had breakfast yet, so we were pretty hungry and went in.Unfortunately for me, we were kicked out by a big burly guy behind the counter. I had kind of hoped to get a menu or something since I'd never been there before. Since it was over 100 degrees outside, we opted not to stand in front of the place for 5 minutes waiting for them to open.I was mostly just disappointed. I'd received a recommendation about this place from a co-worker and really wanted to try it out. On the bright side, there was a Szechuan restaurant next door that turned out to be quite excellent!
2	Its not often that one finds it actually painful to write a review, but this is one of those times.Ninja has been one of my favorite places for years for all-you-can-eat sushi.  OK, so the fish isn't exactly what you'd get at Takashi in Manhattan, but it is always fresh and clean, making the $20 for all-you-can-eat one of the great bargains anywhere and the service was always quick, friendly, and helpful.Unfortunately that all ended a couple of months ago.  A sushi restaurant can only be as good as it sushi-yas and it seems that Ninja has been having staffing issues.My wife and I went there as usual a few weeks ago on a Saturday night, and as usual, the place was packed.  What was different was that I didn't recognize any of the sushi chefs.  They only had 2 guys working the sushi bar.Shortly after being seated, a large group came in for teppenyaki and what do you know? The 2 sushi chefs became 1 as the other guy left to do his Benihana routine.  All you can eat is only significant if you can actually get some food.  There is no way in the world 1 guy can supply a room of 40 or so.  Simply can't be done.I won't even go into how terrible our waitress was because she was new, avoided all contact with the tables because there was nothing she could do about the massive wait to get anything, and it is my understanding that she is no longer there.OK. So anyone can have a bad night.  My wife and I went there again last week.  This time it was a Thursday and the room was nearly empty.  A different two sushi-yas behind the bar.  Should be OK, I thought.  I was wrong.The first plate took over 45 minutes.  The reason is that although they had 2 sushi chefs, only 1 was actually producing anything.  The second, a very large bearded white guy in a black nylon do-rag produced a grand total of 1 roll during my first 45 minutes there.  But he was having a grand old time talking to one of the busboys so I got the impression that he couldn't be bothered with customers.And in a repeat of our last visit, the service was also pathetic.  I sympathize with servers who are getting screwed by the kitchen, but that is no excuse for completely disappearing.  When our first plate finally did appear, it sat on the sushi bar for 10 minutes until my wife finally got fed up, got up and retrieved it herself.That said, what we did get was great tasting as always.  If you go, you've got to try the 911 roll.  The fresh wasabi in it will make it hard to live with the powdered green horseradish ever again.Can Ninja be fixed? Absolutely.  It is a staffing problem, not a food problem.  Coincidentally, there have been numerous Help Wanted postings on their Facebook page recently.Also please note that this review does not include anything about the teppanyaki.  In all these years, I've never had it there.  For all I know it may be the best thing on the planet.
1	Did the all you can eat sushi, it was like they weren't even trying to make great sushi. Little fillings and lots of rice! Ordered the baked sushi and it was burnt sticking to the aluminum foil! Not planning on returning!
5	Some people organize a private party once a year here as part of a convention. It's not cheap, but the all you can eat sushi has been pretty much the highlight of that weekend each year. It is freaking tasty. (I've had a decent amount of sushi; this place is some of my favorite.) I'm not local, though, so I've never been here except for that event; so I can't really comment on the service (it's always great when they're hosting a hundred person lunch party ;)).
4	I was visiting here while I was on a business trip. Of course I can not compare the service and taste to the places in Japan where I spent $10 - $20 for one sushi.I believe the price quality were reasonable and everyone was very friendly.If you like sushi, please don't read the bad reviews and give a shot, then have your own opinion. Enjoy ;)
3	We've eaten several times at Ninja, a couple using a Groupon. I prefer not to use Groupon though as they have a large selection of "all you can eat" sushi for $20 (which you can't use the groupon towards). It's not the worlds best sushi but it is good and a great deal for the price. We have not tried the teppan side but it's always packed. The service has been slightly slow but decent. I'd say it's somewhat kid friendly because, while there are no coloring books they do have kid entrees. We will definitely be back.
3	Its funny how all-you-can-eat Sushi can sound so amazing when you just hiked 6 miles and are completely starving. 20 sashimis later, your perspective starts to change a bit.The main problem with Ninja isn't its sushi, its people's expectation of the sushi. Price is a key setter of expectations, so if you are paying $19.99 for all the sushi (AND sashimi) your hungry little stomach can provide, maybe you shouldn't be expecting the fish to taste like it just got sliced off the coast of japan by Shiro himself.That being said, 3 stars is an evening of satisfaction without completely flipping about the amazingness of the food. The price/food ratio is amazing, the service is good and the food itself is very decent. I was not fond of the volcano rolls but my friends swear by it. The classic philly, salmon and spicy tuna rolls were prepared well and some of their more inventive rolls (like the spicy New Mexico) were interesting and worth trying. My favorite part about all-you-can-eat at Ninja is when the server starts coming around to see if we want to order more... smiling hard because she can obviously see in our faces the look of defeat and gluttony. As we stare at the leftover rolls on the plate, we become incredibly strategic about our every move. "Okay man, you eat that one, I will eat this one over here and he can have those 2 because he ate less overall." "No man, I can't do the spicy one. I will trade you if I can poke the cucumber out" "Fine. Deal" *Gulp*. Ah, all done.
4	We've gone here a few times on the teppan side.  I've never had sushi here, but I did enjoy the teppan yaki food.  If you're going as a couple, the wait could be long before they get the food started because it seems they want to fill up the seats first.  So be patient if you're not filling up a table with a group.  I enjoy the fun of watching the food get cooked and if you're social, you can chat with the people at your table.
4	This is the go to place for my teammates and I after a heavy training session. We always do all-you-can-eat sushi. For me, it's the best I've had. Other places seem to do just a variety of california rolls. This has sashimi and other great, and wonderous things. We live for the volcano roll! I love the employees. They are really cool. They know us there so they know they're in for the long haul. We're there for hours and on occasion, when the rolls have been too slow to come out, we have gotten a couple of complimentary food items. Next time I am in town, I am going to hit this place up.
2	Sushi was decent.  Felt like the only thing that was fresh was salmon. Waitress was good.  Sushi chef (Andy) I believe his name was gave horrible service. He was only paying attention to the two girls that were in front of him. The were only 2 tables including us and it took him 15 mins to make 4 pieces of nigiri. Then our order of salmon nigiri was doubled cause he didn't tell the other chef what he made. Other than that place was nice. Nice warm feeling.
1	The worse restaurant I have been to!The food took over two hours, the service staff pretty much ignored us and many other tables had been waiting a long time too! We went with a Groupon and was treated like we were sub-par. At the end, we just got a bill that had a few numbers and a grand total on it, probably because they knew we had a Groupon and wanted to up charge everything. I was so fed up by this point, I didn't argue. There were several other tables that left in the middle of their dinner because the food was taking too long. My husband is a Chef and would never say a restaurant is 'terrible' but he sure did when we went to this place. Don't go, and don't buy Groupons, you get treated differently!
4	This place is quaint, clean, and staff is very polite.  Food is above average. Chicken katsu was crisp and fresh. Sushi was well chilled, and fresh.  The Asahi beer was ice cold, and the hot saki was nice and hot. The chef was very generous as he sent out two pieces of seared salmon nagiri with a mango salsa for my table to try. It was flavorful and very light, great for summer in AZ.  Music of all generas played n background. Rating awesome must try this place. I will become a regular.
1	Went to use a groupon and they said we had to have six people to use it, I explained we were going to have a couple bottles of wine and our food bill would be more than what the groupon was worth.  We left and I will be asking groupon for a refund.  The place looked dirty so maybe it was a blessing.
4	Normally I eat sushi on the sushi side. Tonight I dined teppanyaki. Very flavorful chicken and crisp veggies. Shrimp were ok.The show was ok, but not as good as bigger city restaurants. Very basic. But if it is your first teppanyaki visit, it will seem outstanding.Used a groupon special which saved quite a bit, only complaint. If you plan on buying alcohol buy the higher priced groupon. It will save you way more in the long run. All In all still a great place to dine.
1	As soon as you walk in the ambience warns you to leave immediately. But despite that we stayed because we bought a Groupon and wanted to try it out. The food was gross. They brought out a soup that was very salty with a burnt taste I don't know what it was supposed to be obviously the chef never tries the soup it was disgusting. The salad came out with what looks like dark applesauce plopped on the top of it. My five-year-old thought it was baby throw up. The actual cook at the table was pretty good I really enjoyed it but the food wasn't worth it total for four people, Groupon said it was $60 worth of food for four more people but our total was $95 with no alcohol. Service was good that waitress was very nice and prompts. I just think this place is way overpriced for the quality of its food and the Decour. The chair that I want to sit on had food from the previous table on it and the grill was caked with Greece it was spilling in between the countertop and the grill itself.Lastly, they charge three dollars extra for each meal if you want fried rice. They even charge the three dollar fee for a child's menu to get fried rice. Outrageous!
2	I'm not one to put down restaurants because I've worked in them for about four years, I know its hard. But this place is something else. I'm originally from New Jersey, So maybe I was spoiled with great sushi available whenever I want, but to make me feel better, my dad took me out to eat here, because I LOVE sushi. The first time I went there in July, I wasn't impressed. Slow service, and the rice way WAY too salty. I go back from time to time to get a California roll or two, and I asked for spicy mayo to go on the side. They literally gave me a side of hot sauce. I do, however, love their soup and respect them for doing what they do. I'll keep coming here until I can eventually find a better sushi place.
5	Love this place and Andy is the bomb!Always good but our sushi chef Andy went above and beyond to make our last experience even better. He recommended and added suggestions that put his sushi over the top, we'll definitely come back just to see what else he has in his pocket!
3	The food here is really really good. The only problem is that it takes an hour to get your food.  While you see everyone else getting their food. Sucks but it's still good.
5	Best sushi place in Phoenix!!!
3	Went back and the food is good and the pricing is decent.  Oscar is a great cook and made up for the groupon incident
5	Tepanyaki Chef Victor had excellent showmanship, great customer interaction and excellent flavor to his food. Drink refills didn't happen till the end of dinner and it took a bit long to get the check. Over all great service. Restaurant needs better air flow, it was a bit stuffy and dark but Victor made up for all of that.
3	Good teppan food at normal prices.  I do love the cozy atmosphere.  We did not try sushi which is supposed to be awesome.  The prices on that looked to be very good.  They even have an all you can eat sushi deal for 19.99.  I would say give this place a try.  Groupon brought us here and wife and will go back for sushi.
4	Place never disappoints.. always a good anytime.. gotta look for Mimi.. she is the best server and good entertainment. this place is getting busy and the new servers are terrible...sushi is fresh and made to order so make sure you order a lot cause it takes time to make it
2	Not a fan.Went here upon my sister's recommendation but she also said she hadn't been there in about 10 years. So I chanced it because I live really close.We sit down and the first question our server asks us rather abruptly is, do you have a Groupon? I was like, uh no. Is there a Groupon? So I look on my phone and sure enough there was so I bought one -$19 for $30.I was not impressed with the food at all. Every roll had cream cheese and krab mix in it or some variation of that. So not a great selection. Wasn't especially fresh and definitely flavorless. And the rice to fish ratio in the rolls was way off. They were like all rice no fish.On top of that, our food took forever. Sigh.Not a great value. Without the groupon our bill would have been close to $60 for some mediocre sushi.So I guess a lot of people come here for their $20 all you can eat special. We decided not to because of all the rules and conditions. No sharing. If you don't eat it all, you pay for what you don't eat...seriously?One bright spot was the service was pretty good.Overall, won't be back :/
4	Had sushi and Teppanyaki with my family.  The best sushi I had was the rock and roll sushi.  Very tasty.  Service was good.  Teppanyaki show was good.  Huge veggie portions and good variety of vegetables.  I really liked that.  We had steak, chicken, and shrimp plates.  All were enjoyed and I got the leftovers. Also tried the tempura plate.  Lots of food and nice crisp tempura.  Would go back again.
3	We did take out.  Chichen beef and shrimp with veggies was very good.  Salad we threw out which was iceberg lettuce with a dab of some sweet Asian salsa type stuff.  Fried rice was extra cost.  2 people came to 30+ bucks - 15 a plate is too much for takeout.
2	Used to come here all the time but they got rid of their best sushi chef Steve. Now many of the rolls have cream cheese? What kind of sushi is that? Oscar is a great teppan Yaki chef and Mimi is very nice but the sushi has lost its luster in the last 2 years.
5	Amazing sushi. Always fresh with great service, although cant take a while some nights due to how busy they stay. This place fills up on the weekends. But best sushi in the valley and best price with $20 all you can eat!
2	We stopped in for what we thought would be a somewhat quick bite while we were out shopping.  We were the ONLY customers in the entire restaurant and ordered only 3 rolls.  It took 35 mins to get just 1 roll!!  Two of the rolls were just "eh". We liked the New Mexican roll. Husband used the bathroom and said the door was covered in "gang tags" and no paper towels.  We can definitely tell the originals owners are no longer around.
4	Good sushi and great main dishes. They have a Teppanyaki area as well that looks great. We used a living social coupon that helped reduce the $30.00 ticket to 14.00.So great value. Just a bit slow.Also try the red bean ice cream its wonderful.
3	Came here after a workout to get my grub on because I had a sushi craving. I used a living social deal to get $30 of food.Came in solo on a weekend afternoon. Ordered 1 sashimi dish and 3 rolls. That came to a $39.00 bill + I left a $5 tipThere was a handful of people already there, but like other reviews stated... Service was slow. I got one plate at a time at 10 - 15 min intervals. Plus my first dish was brought to the wrong table.Food and service was avg, the ambiance was a dim setting with little natural light into the building because it's tucked in a corner. The energy level is probably bumped up a bit for the evening service because it was super quite while I was there.$45 for me for a meh type of meal is not worth my time. It's was ok for me to use a Living Social to try this place out. Based off my experience here, I wouldn't recommend this place for sushi.
3	Had the chance to visit here with a Livingsocial deal. Food was average, generous portion sizes with a cozy like sportsbar atmosphere. Would come back for the all you can eat sushi for $20, however deal was no good on this offer.
3	I actually felt bad for the server. She was running around everywhere and they were clearly under staffed. I've been to ninja at least 30 times, but this was the second time in the last couple months (used to be a regular before kids). We had a groupon. I think restaurants are under prepared for groupon responses. The food was good and the teppan chef was good, but flagging down a waitress for everything isn't worth it.
4	Came here for all you can eat sushi for $20. I never even knew this place existed, but I was happy when my friends mentioned it. We visited on a weekend and it wasn't too over crowded. I don't love Japanese beer (too damn light for me), but the sushi we had was good. All fresh made so it takes a little while but it's worth it. The moshi soup was yummy, too.
