5	Love Pat or Hate Pat!!!!!!I have heard so much from so many people, it is always one extreme to the other.   I had always been a Tilleys guy until last year year, I was at Pat's and he gave me a killer trade in deal, like I thought it was a mistake.  I told him no and counter offered, they laughed and I  left, only to be called that night, the next morning (Sunday) by Pat himself.  He gave in to my demand and I bought the bike.I now know Pat personally and have nothing bad to say about the man.  One thing people have to keep in perspective, he is a salesman and a business owner in a hard economy.   Other HD dealerships are the same, you can get the same from Carolina and Charlotte HD.  In my opinion, those dealerships do not get any criticism because they have been around forever.   Keep in mind that there is a reason people call them "stealerships"!!!!
3	Some good experiences and some not so good.  Shop around all the dealers, ask questions on all transactions.  Review hours.
3	I actually have little experience here - only as a browser.  They do seem impressive though.  What makes it a bit of a challenge is that it can be difficult to get into the place.  Or maybe that is just me.You walk up to the front and... you really have no idea which way to turn.  One way you go into what appears to be a showroom, and the other way looks about like a showroom, but it has people working.  Yes, the garage/service area is really that clean.Eventually, we found our way into the showroom area, and we were not scolded too badly for our mistake.  Then we noticed that either this place specifically or Harley generally is making a killing - or attempting to do so - on merchandise, because there is at least as much space dedicated to selling clothing of all sorts as there is to motorcycles.  Not saying that is a bad thing, just that it is.All-in-all, not a bad experience, and we really could not offer much up other than as browsers (even on the clothes side).  Definitely worth a trip just to check out the place.
5	Let me start by saying that they are open on Sundays.  Oh!...and Mondays, and Tuesdays, and Wednesdays, etc...I have yet to have a negative experience at Pat Rogers.  Yeah,  sometimes parts take a little longer than I'd expect...but then sometimes they don't.  Either way they've kept me updated.  The sales team is always ready and eager to help but pressure is something I've never felt.  Test ride?  I went in the other day for winter gloves and wound up spending a half hour on a v rod. (more fun than I had hoped, by the way!)   It took a minute to copy my license and off I went...(with the understanding that I wasn't "walking" out with a new ride).  Sadly, I never did find the right gloves...and I couldn't justify the v rod.  :(  They follow up with customer satisfaction even if all  you buy is a duffel bag.  Pricy?  (don't wear harley threads!  But for everything else...)  Maybe, but go at the right time and they will make you a deal - just like every other sales business.Expensive financing?  Do your homework first is all I can say.  If your credit is good you probably won't get a better rate than they can offer.  If what they offer doesn't suit you, walk away and/or get your financing elsewhere (and they will most likely follow you...again, with a better deal). They've earned my business.
