5	Note: Restaurant closed. Sabotaged internally by staff. Very sad.Damn good catfish! The whole plate was tasty and hot. Even better, it was pretty affordable as food goes on the Strip!  I stopped in while attending the 2012 CES show on a recommendation of a guy I met wandering the Las Vegas Convention Center.I had a catfish with two sides plate and ordered some corn fritters to share with my dining partner. Trying to keep it southern style I went for greens and baked beans for my sides. The corn fritters came and it was a pretty decent basket full. I did not finish them or even try to before my entree came. My entree had three pieces of catfish that were golden brown, juicy and had a very tasty crust. Under the tasty crust was light and flaky catfish, with just the right amount of moisture. The portions of catfish were pretty big as well. By the time it was over I was thinking two pieces of catfish would have been enough! The crust stood out because it sort of lingered in my mouth. Unlike many crusts, this one acted like it's own element, not just a covering. For lack of a better description, it was like a tasty skin.The greens tasted home made. Reminded me of the kind my grandmother or aunt would have brought to Thanksgiving dinner and the beans were pretty good as well. The fish came with a couple of dipping sauces, but I didn't need them. They also had regular name brand condiments on the table. All in all I will return here if I am on or near the strip because of another MAJOR asset of the restaurant! There is cheap parking right next door! Try that on the strip. Since I was in a rental, parking was a very cool thing. Unfortunately the CES was during the week so I missed the entertainment in the goofy little Hawaiian themed shopping center as well as the upcoming book and picture signing that was going to be held on the weekend. All and all a great deal on good food on the Strip!
2	My out of town friends wanted to eat here, so I drudgingly came down to the Strip to let my friends experience "The Strip".  This business is located in the Hawaiian Marketplace, there is a $5 parking lot right next door.  The attendant asked us where we were going and we told him and didn't make us pay.  Sweet!  Prior to that we spotted a man handing out Catfish Alley fliers on the street, he told us to park in the Travelodge parking lot.  When we got there, there was a "park at your own risk" sign.  No thanks!We walked in and it was cafeteria style.  The man who took our order was pleasant.  Since there were 4 of us we ordered the 12 piece catfish dinner with 2 sides.  My guests were REALLY hungry.  After we ordered, we sat down and our food was brought to us by a lady who looked "dead behind the eyes".  She just put our food down.  If we didn't say "thank you" to her, she would have not said a word.  Maybe she was having a bad day..  The catfish was fillet style and looked kinda thin and flat.  We weren't impressed with the flavor.  It had alot of cornmeal on it with some seasoning.  It didn't have that "slap yo mama" taste that I expected since they market themselves as Southern.  The sides were good.  I did like the greens, although it was a taste I have experienced before.  On the way home, I recalled the taste.  It tasted just like "Glory" canned greens that you can buy at any grocery store.  I think they just added smoked turkey.  The coleslaw was ok, the mac n cheese was ok, not that nice baked southern style you would expect with a minimum of 3 to 4 cheeses.  The desserts didn't look that appealing in the case.  The cobbler, pecan pie, sock it to me cake and pound cake looked like it had been in there awhile.  I didn't indulge in those, but my friends did.  When they put their fork in them, they looked rather dry.  There were only 2 other tables occupied in the restaurant, so it was not busy.  I hope they can get it together so they can make it considering there were tons of people walking by their door not patronizing the business.
5	Excellent food! Great price! Food came hot and ready!!! Catfish were fat!!! Greens were great!
