5	What a cozy place to have a great, freshly roasted cup of coffee. They also have fresh- daily sandwiches, breakfast burritos and wonderful pasteries.Salads and soups are also on the menu, made by Chef Monet. Jullie roasts her coffee to order, and can make specialty blends for customers. A tea drinker? Jullie also carries specialty teas packaged for her by Little Candle Teas, a new Las Vegas tea company. So whatever you have a craving for, stop in and enjoy!!!!
5	What a great place to get away from the crowded coffee shops. Daybreak Coffee is a boutique coffee destination with heart. Owner Jullie pours her heart into every cup of java and freshly roasted beans from all over the world. If you are looking for a great cup of coffee then stop by Daybreak Coffee and try the special treats baked daily!
5	This is the best place in town for coffee! She roasts her own beans...so they are never over roasted. Coffee is never bitter. You can have your own label printed and placed on bags, for business owners this is a great plus. The food is delish and so reasonable! Plenty of space to sit and visit with friends. Support this local business owner you won't be disappointed.
5	This place is super!!!Great soups today was tomatoe basil... Amazing.Breakfast buriito is yummy too!
5	Daybreak has THE BEST coffee I have ever tasted. Its owner Julie is involved in the community too. That's amazing. I highly recommend it.
5	I love the coffee!!! I love the food!!!  AND, I especially like the relaxed atmosphere where I can meet with people and help OUR community TOGETHER.
5	Great coffee and great person running the shop! Very relaxing and away from the hustle & bussle! Good luck Julie! You are doing all the right things! :- )
5	Daybreak Coffee is a wonderful little secret the Las Vegas area should know about!  Julie has created a relaxing atmosphere where you can read a book and or meet a friend for an amazing cup of coffee.  Julie not only gives great customer service, she gives back to her community as well.Thank you Julie :)
5	Feelings of warmth, comfort and friendliness is what you will get at Daybreak Coffee and the coffee is delicious too!!
4	Enjoyed my visit to this cute little shop. Just ordered a smoothie and it was tasty. The owner was very sweet and friendly. I noticed that the sound really carried and it is such a small space.  There were only two other people there but it was very noisy. Overall a nice place and love to support small local businesses.
3	There is not much to choose from if you are on foot in this part of town.Daybreak does have decent sandwiches and salads (albeit without much flair).The proprietors seem earnest and I feel good about supporting them with my business.Check out the Ham and Cheese on Texas Toast. It was very tasty and freshly made.I would come here again.
4	fresh roasted coffee...WOW. awesome.  the woman at the front is always very friendly and helpful. I'm shocked this place isn't more crowded in the AM, and for lunch.  Her cinnamon bear claw is delicious!  This place makes me want to throw rocks at S-bucks :)
5	Best coffee I've had in a long time! And the breakfast burrito and homemade almond croissant were incredible!! Thanks Jullie!
5	Nice and cozy with great service, food and coffee!  I was a little tired of the casino and needed a quiet place to relax with wifi.Nice and cozy with great service, food and coffee!  I was a little tired of the casino and needed a quiet place to relax with wifi.Nice and cozy with great service, food and coffee!  I was a little tired of the casino and needed a quiet place to relax with wifi.
5	This place is amazing! The coffees are second to none. She roasts her own beans, has great deli style food...AND she is friendly and helps other businesses as well as non-profits. I highly recommend.
5	My boyfriend and I cabbed from Mandalay Bay to get away from eating expensive meals at the hotel.  I found this place on yelp and it was great!  We each got the ham and egg breakfast sandwiches and they were amazing!  My boyfriend kept saying 'the ingredients on the sandwich are in the perfect proportion!"  It was very delicious and the owner was very friendly!  My boyfriend was going to buy 2 waters, and she suggested to drink the filtered water that's fresh - for free!  I would go back in a heartbeat!
1	This place is closed. Don't do what we did which is see its only a mile from the strip and walk it only to find out they're closed. Wa wa waaaaaaaa.
