2	day 15 - i went from the orleans to this place.it has wifi. which is good. orleans charges you for internet! sobs! the bad part? everything else. its just a room to sleep in. here's tips to live by. don't use the top covers. throw that to the floor cuz hotels notoriously never wash those. wear slippers in the bathroom. the toom is painted all white, even the wood stuff has been painted all white which looks terrible. its all old and cracked but i got internet! haha and a bed. and its cheap. and its just a room to sleep in. i got to keep telling myself that cuz i will end up in worst places haha. wait my hostel in australia was pretty bad. so there you go. i posted a pic.walking in you find a note on your bed about room safety. about not letting people you don't know in or where to keep valuables etc. first class all the way kid!
4	For the price I paid, this hotel was great. I booked a night here because I had a late flight in and I didn't really want to pay money for a night when I only spend a couple hours in the place.The room was decent. I  was expecting a trashy room that I wouldn't want to touch, but it was surprisingly better than that. The bed was pretty comfortable, and the tv had more channels than some of the other hotels I stayed at in Vegas. The front desk staff was also very friendly and accommodating.This is within walking distance to some of the bigger and better casinos and hotels, like MGM Grand and New York, New York. It's also close to the Hooters casino, if you're into that.I didn't use the pool, but I hear it's nice.Two complaints: The hot water ran out while I was using the shower. I turned the water off and after a few minutes I was able to continue using the shower as normal. Also, no hair dryer.
4	Ok, so we found this for a SupeR cheap trip.  It's across the street from the MGM, next to Hooters, so even close enough to walk everywhere.Who stays in the room while in Vegas anyways?
4	This hotel is the best place to stay in Vegas! Seriously, who stays in the room anyways!?!? This place is always cheap and the rooms are decent with a TV and free wifi. When I go to Vegas I would rather spend my money on drinks and fun, not my hotel room. It is a short 5 minute walk to MGM and Hooters. Perfect drunken stumbling distance. I definitely recommend!!! Save your money for fun, not a fancy room you just pass out in at 5am.
1	This is the worst place we've ever stayed at in vegas.The coke machines didn't work...  We had to drive to a liquor store.There were suspicious people driving around the parking lot.. When we called 911 to report them attempting to break into cars, the dispatcher was RUDE.. she didn't seem to care.  We called a 2nd time.. and after 25 minutes was noticed a patrol car drive by..  The crime in this area is BAD!The worst part, was the fact the maids leave the doors open when doing the room..  when we got back at 2am..There was a HUGE moth in our room!! It freaked both of us out, and it took us over an hour to try to get rid of it.  The front desk could care less..    We were very tired and this was the last thing we wanted to do.  We only stayed here because we redeemed a timeshare certificate, and they made us stay at this dump.  It costs us under $3. (The tax)  I wouldn't stay here again if I was paid to.
1	Terrible awful disgusting place . . .  avoid like the plague, just because it's cheap and a room by the strip is not a good enough reason to stay here.  We came in July, the air conditioning is on a motion sensor, so it was off when we got there and hot as balls everytime we came back and or tried to sleep.  We ended up putting the mattress on the floor in front of the AC so it would kick on while we slept (because most people sleep during the day in Vegas this is awful)We booked here because we have stayed at America's best all over the country when traveling and this one was by leaps and bounds  the worst ever.Supposed to be a queen bed , was a tiny double, ugly old cracked furniture, ice nor soda machines worked. The bathroom was ok at least. Huge weird scary dark parking lot that was frightening if you wanted to walk somewhere, and surrounded by chain link fence so you couldn't walk to the strip directly from the back endIf you want a cheap place go down to Fremont St and stay at one of the casinos down there, so much better, and a much better experience overall.  If you don't have money to stay in a decent room, you don't have money to party on the South Strip anyway, go north cheap fellow travelers. Downtown is the best place to gamble and drink for next to nothing.
3	The Best Value Inn suited my needs just fine. Not that I had a damn say in it, as I was part of a 50-strong tour group full of similarly-drunken travellers and that was our pre-booked accommodation for two nights, but it was fine by me. The staff were helpful, the pool was awesome on a 100-degree July day, there was takeaway liquor and a diner in the parking lot and it was a stone's throw from Hooters. What more could you want?Well, a casino hotel room I guess, but hell. I was in town 36 hours, I was in the room for about five of those hours, and all five of those hours I spent unconscious.Oh, and ABVI? If you found a toiletries bag filled with stuff on July 21, 2008, can I get that back? I guess I was too drunk to pack properly at 8am.
2	It's a cheap motel in LV. That's worth one star.  It was a couple of bucks cheaper than the Motel 6 which is right next door -- I stayed there last time, and will stay there again next time.Where to start?  Lessee, there are THREE working power outlets in the room (two by the door and one behind the TV).  The ones by the sink didn't work.  There is a small table/desk thing, but no chair, so I'm doing this with the laptop on the bed and the power cord strung over to the TV cabinet.  I had to go up and ask for a remote, but the sound was so buzzy I might as well not have bothered.  It took longer than a minute for the water to warm up in the tub.There is a convenience store in the front of the Motel 6 next door, and a Coco's restaurant in front of this place, and that earns it the second star.  I would stay here again if the Motel 6s in town were full up, but it won't be my first choice when I need a room in LV.
3	Cheap hotel just a block away from the strip. Didn't expect much from this place because of how cheap it was and how close it was from the strip but it did nicely. If i am staying in vegas again i will probably stay here again.
3	Price was beyond fair for a 3 night stay. We booked the 2 full bed suite w/kitchenette and sofa. The layout of the suite was really nice! It was like having 2 different rooms (still only 1 bathroom) with a door in between. There were 2 doors on either side of the complex (only 1 had the door key for entry tho). There was no sofa, as stated, and the kitchenette was basically a fridge and microwave next to the bed.. but whatever it worked. Some of the outlets were fickle, so be sure there is power to whatever you plug in before you walk away. The bathroom was huge- it had his/hers sink. The tub was large and had plenty of space for our bath accessories, tho the pipes did make a squeaky noise. The AC worked very well, but also made a small high pitched noise. The furniture was mediocre, but what else could you expect from a motel? The front desk was really nice, and didn't mind that we called for a late check out at 7am and then still checked out 30 mins late (Hey, its Vegas baby.. we had a late night lol). Overall it was a fair deal, and if we are tight on funds again I would definitely consider staying here.
1	Your kidding me right? This place is unprofessional and lack of customer service. We made RESERVATIONS. WE HAD PROOF ON PAPER. THAT WE BOOKED A ROOM AND  PAID FOR IT. and guess what....they gave our room away. took a hassle to get our money back and it was annoying.  go ahead and book this place, but i doubt you'll be helped
1	The location is great and the price for a Friday and Saturday was cheap at $80.00! The employees upon check in were neither cordial nor rude. My wife and I only planned to sleep and shower and spend most of the time out and about.The mattress was very weak..... When we were lying in bed it felt like a gravitational pull, sucking us both to the center of the bed. The bathrooms are stained and soiled along with the carpet and walls. Keep shoes or sandals on your feet when in room. The one major problem was all the bites that I received up and down my torso. Upon examination of mattress I discover some healthy looking. bed bugs, especially after dining on me like a Las Vegas buffet
1	Are you thinking about sleeping here for a vegas trip?Short Answer:  No.Long Answer: Saying the walls are paper thin would be a compliment. I was able to tell when and which neighbor was using the bathroom.There is no one working late at night. Meaning, if you are trying to sleep at 4am in the morning but the upstairs people are playing nonstop music and having their drunken ass fall to the floor all the time, you can't complain to anyone. The adjacent motel 6 has security, but this shit hole place doesn't.Vending machines are like buying food/drinks at theme parks. $2 per CAN, and about $1.50 for small sized candy.If you happen to rent out the room #277, notice the nostalgic dents from someones fists from a previous lifetime.The basketball court is more of an "lol" factor. it looks like a dogs head when trying to understand you. other words, tilted.If you decide to stay here, you'll notice the fine line between usual vegas (hooters casino area) to ghetto, which is at the best value inn and motel 6.ANd, if you decide to stay at this charming piece of crap.... after your stay, let me ask you this... "Remember their awesome customer service?... you're right. Neither do I"ps. THey don't charge you until after you check out. Meaning you could show up with a "reservation" but they have no rooms available. As to what almost happened to us. They had a difficult time finding a room for us even though we made a reservation weeks in advance.
2	Am I being generous for the extra star? Ya I think so cause this place is GARBAGE! Even for a super unpicky gal like myself. OMGeze where do I start... ...maybe with the fact we booked this room via Priceline and it was never processed by ABVInn! So there goes the 130 bucks we thought was taken out months earlier! ..maybe the sick old homeless looking man taking a bath in the pool and jacking off on the stairs (yes this really happened)... or the smell of old stale dust bunnies and crusty crotch...maybe the shitty Coco's that they endorse who are GREAT at ignoring hungry patrons...Or maybe the fact my friend stepped on a rusty nail that was sticking out of the floor board which turned her foot green!!The extra star was really for the AC which kept the room nice and cold and the poor sweet lady who was in the lobby all by herself the day we checked out, and it was a zoo. I felt bad for her! BUT not bad enough to come back! Vegas hotels are like women... some are fancy, some are fun and some are just nasty, stank and not worth your time.... DING DING DING!!! ABV Inn would be THAT woman!
3	We were invited to go to Vegas to celebrate the birthday of one of my cousins during the last weekend of July and needed a cheap motel to crash at when we weren't perusing the strip and generally having a good time.  Soooooo I went out to expedia.com and found this place.  It was reasonably priced, and the location was good, so I booked it.  Then, the day we arrived as we were waiting to checkin, I read the Yelp reviews and began to get a bit nervous.To be honest, this isn't a bad motel.  It's not really a great hotel either.  We experienced some good and some bad with this place.  I'll summarize below.Good: * Location!  This place is just off the strip, about a block away from the "4 Corners" area where the Tropicana/MGM Grand/Mandalay Bay/Excalibur are, along with New York, New York nearby as well.  Its an easy walk to these resorts. * Coco's!  The place is situated right behind a 24 Hour Coco's!  And the Coco's is one of the best food deals in town.  The food is great. * Air Conditioning.  The A/C worked very well.  In fact, it was almost arctic!  A must in Las Vegas. * EPIC Water Pressure!  The water pressure for the shower was wonderful!  Hot water remained hot for ages.  I've had crappier water pressure in much swankier hotels. * Management.  They were quite friendly and were able to give us a ground floor room.  The wifey is slightly disabled and stairs and she don't agree often. * The Beds!  The bed was actually quite comfortable, and the wife couldn't stop raving about the comfyness of the pillows!  We slept very well - which is something we rarely do in a motel/hotelNot So Good: * Upkeep.  Our tub had some of the porcelain missing and we could see some rust in a corner.  The room itself was tidy enough, but the whole place is in desperate need of renovation. * WiFi.  This was one of my biggest complaints.  The WiFi here (an IBahn service) is a FEEBLE JOKE!  You could barely get a signal ANYWHERE and when you did the speed was so slow (really?!  384kbps?!!!) that it was a joke.  I was almost tempted to jump on the WiFi from the neighboring Motel 6 even though it was $3/day. * The TV.  I'm not complaining about the tv service per se.  The signal was strong with no fuzz and wifey and I were able to snuggle together and watch Ghost Adventures as we were winding down from the day.  My complaint is the SIZE.  A little 20" tv barely does it, people!Overall, we had a decent experience here.  Many people complained about the "paper thin" walls.  But really, once we were ensconced inside - we hardly noticed the outside world or anyone on either side or above us.  The blackout curtains worked great, too.This place is an average place to stay.  Its mostly meant as a place to crash for the night and unwind after the day.  For a basic hotel/motel, it gets a solid 3 stars - even though there are some things that need to be addressed.The price was great too.  With my AAA Discount - 3 days/2 nights on the weekend was $100.76.  Not too shabby!
4	I went to Vegas for iHeartRadio and didn't know I was going until about a week before. Hotels all around Vegas were over 200 a night and I didn't want to pay that. This hotel was half of that for both nights we stayed and right across the street from the MGM. The location is perfect if you need to save a little money but still want to be able to walk to the strip. Yes the hotel is a little run down but our room was clean and the ac worked and its Vegas how much time do you really spend in your room? For everyone saying this hotel is in a bad area they are very wrong and they obviously have never lived in a major city. I never once felt not safe here its right off the strip no reason to be anymore worried here than just one block away.
3	My friends & I found this inn when we got tickets for a concert the next day, but we needed to find somewhere to sleep before the day came. We got around 11 pm to check in after the long drive, we unpacked to settle in & since we were thirsty, we wanted to get some ice. The bad thing is that we were in the back, which doesn't matter, but because we were in the back, the nearest ice machine in a building was closed. Luckily, a security guard let us in just get some ice, but it would have been nice to been told when we checked in that the farthest ice machine which was our closest to our room was closed. When we came back to our room, I'm not sure where to start, but I will start with the A/C. The A/C was next to the window, which barely made the room cold. The only idea to make the room cold was to leave it on while we looked around the old strip. The T.V. was small, with watch. The Wi-Fi was somewhere between ok/fast to almost losing it/ slowish.
2	I stayed at the Americas Best Value Inn for CES 2013. Here's the listing of problems I had starting at    Day 01. My room had no hot water, at best between warm and cold. The heater wasn't giving off any heat and there phone wasn't working. The front desk did get the maintenance to come right away which was a good sign but the problem never got solved. I thought it was just my room next to me reported the same problem about the water. At the end of walking through CES I was hoping to relax in the jacuzzi but sure enough, ice cold.    Day 02. After complain a third time I asked for another room and again the front desk helped out and put me three building back. Everything worked in this room except the Internet having to weak of a signal which I needed for CES. Thank goodness I had a smart phone, so that to me is just a nitpick.    Day03. As I was taking my last shower before I check out the whole water line just shuts off. Thank God the heater worked or I'd be freezing while calling the problem to the front desk. This is all the reports of problems I had. My opinion. I ended up having one of the worst times at a motel. The front desk is great and the maintenance get to you very quickly and that's why it even got two stars. So if you don't want to chance it like I did, go send the extra money. I fortunately got this room at bottom rate during the summer of 2012 but if I had to pay the active rate I would have probably gone off.That's my reports and opinions. I hope this helps others.
1	A friend and I were placed here during a Contiki tour and refused to stay the night (thankfully able to find a better hotel on the strip). The rooms were seedy, dirty (odd stains on the bathroom floor) and very small (two people with two small suitcases could barely fit). The most interesting feature was the hooker stationed outside.
2	Yes, it's a 2 star establishment but I'd stay here again.  Why?  Our room was clean, inexpensive via Expedia, and is somewhat close to Las Vegas Blvd.   You must remember that because it's a motel, you have no noise buffer.  If you're going to bed at a somewhat reasonable hour and sober, don't be surprised if car noise and hollering wake you up later on.  My spouse and I thought of using the air conditioner as white noise but it actually seemed too loud and annoying, so we avoided it.  Fri and Sat night was a little rowdy, but Sunday evening was fine.  It's really quiet during the day and we figured out that catching up on sleep by napping was helpful.  I didn't fear for my life, so thumbs up.We had two double beds in the room, not much for floor space, one chair, no desk or mini fridge.  It's manageable for adults but I wouldn't want to stay in such a room with kids.  Maybe the Inn has other options.  Wireless internet was terrible and we didn't bother with it.  The TV is older and securely fastened to the TV stand, so connecting a laptop or adjusting the position was out of the question.  I had my hopes up for a decent pool and hot tub, but they looked a bit neglected so we stayed out.  The water temperature in the shower fluctuated but not once was I frozen or scalded.  Some of the towels were a bit thin and the tub finish is nearly gone but as mentioned, everything was clean and that's all I cared about.  These things were a bit disappointing but in no way did any of it ruin our stay.   The bed was surprisingly solid and the pillows were good.  We were situated above the laundry room and near the ice machine, but somehow it didn't seem to make a difference to us.  If you're picky, just don't stay here.
3	Good enough, just don't forget it is a motel.Right next to Motel 6,  HoJo's and a Coco's restaurant.Price is good and it was clean with plenty of towels.The bed was a bit tough and the sink didn't drain properly but the shower pressure was good and had hot water.I thought I was getting a rebate according to my intinerary but the front desk knew nothing about it.Close to Hooters, Tropicana, and MGM Grand.
2	Hmmm where to start...Well upon check in the two ladies in the front counter were bombarded with people checking in.. and sadly it seems like they were having technical issues with their system and that was driving them nuts. But never at any moment did they lose their professionalism, they kept calm and smiled (that's an A+)Well.. since they were so busy they accidently gave us the wrong... ok no biggie. They apologized and corrected their mistake (A+)When we get to our room, we walked in and are greeted with the beds right away, very little walking space (I believe they made single bed rooms into doubles). Well...... what have we here... NO TV & NO MINI-FRIDGE.... Nice!!A piece of plywood painted (nicely) and put up against the wall to make a makeshift desk with no chair.Bathroom (shower) is roomie but needs to be cleaned (looks like mold spots on the ceiling, possibly water damage from room above, you can see patches)Well we call the front desk and notify them that they have no TV in our room, they were shocked! So I guess someone stole the TV from the room. We get a TV in our room within 15 mins..... a beat up looking TV with a speaker missing and a hole like 3" in diameter.Beds were ehhhh but not horribleRooms have no safes, no hair dryers, no mini fridge, no alarm clock, no hangersWhen I booked the room they looked roomie and well yeah they are not! there is about 18" between the beds and the beds are put up all the way against the walls. From the feet of the bed you have about 2ft to the TV stand.
4	Americas best value inn lived up to its promise. Our average weekday rate was $30 and $60 on weekends. The room was clean, and functional. My only complaints are that the toilet flush handle doesn't rise easily and the air conditioning was loud and not easily controlled as the choices were between to freeze or no climate control at all. The unit is also on the side of the room so temperature distribution was extremely skewed.It was one of the only places to accept pets as well, so many other alternatives were out of the question for us.I will say that on my first night here, I was propositioned by a hooker who drove by twice and gave me a teaser show. Some drunk Germans started playing with our cat through the window that same night but were harmless otherwise. Nothing you wouldn't hope for from Vegas.Their staff was friendly and helpful. We had no weird issues pop up on checkout. Thanks.
1	The mess pretty much started as we (the GF, E-Lope, and Funky Cold Medina and I) opened the door.  There was an older woman behind the counter, just by looking at her, you could tell she was have a bad time.  There was another group of guys who were saying that their A/C was not working, she said that she will deal with it when she can.  She then announced to us that her room key machine was not working and it might be awhile.  She looked at our group and asked what we needed.  ???  Our room??  By now she started to do a weird panting breathing.  I'm figuring a weird anxiety attack.  She tells us that we could wait in the lobby (more like a hallway) or go wait in our car.  We had just spent the day driving in it, the last thing we wanted to do was go back in there, so we opt for the lobby.  Plus I was curious to see how this lady kept going.The security guard then tells her that he would see about the A/C in the Guys room..........???  The security guard??  Wow!!  He leaves and goes to do who know what with them and the A/C.Now another lady pops in and asks what is wrong.  Big mistake for someone who wants to complain about the day.  Anxiety lady started in about how she didn't know what she did to the key machine, then said she had 50 people come in and to top it off, she broke her personal cell phone.......???  OK.  The other lady starts in about how she has no idea what happened to the machine and starts to mess with it.  Looks at us, says sorry about this, but her dad is in ICU............?????????   Great!The security guard comes back with the Guys and tell Anxiety that the A/C is not working.  She tells the group that she can only deal with so much, and that she will get to it when she can.  The security guard is now upset and tells her that we (the hotel) has to fix it.  She looks at the Guys and tells them to get lunch, when they come back the A/C will be fixed.  Lunch????  It's 10pm. All we want no is to do is get our rooms.  Well, ICU fixes the machine and we get our keys.  BAM! guess what, they don't work.  The Lopez keys are fine, so that's good. I run down and tell some new guy who was there that they don't work.  click, swipe and "Have a good evening".Open the door and the GF wonders why there are two beds??  When she filled out the on line request, they had a King size, the GF clicked the box and we got two twin sized beds.   As we unpack, the middle drawer doesn't come out.  Completely jammed in there. ???The fun never stops!!I go down again to the lobby and tell him that we requested a King size; "We don't offer that."  ???  It's on the web site.  "We should change that."  You think?? Not wanting to waste any time, we deal with the bed situation.  So we head out to the strip.  As we were getting ready to go out, the GF pulls out the top drawer and it flys off the sliders, slams on the floor missing the GF's foot.  HOLY COW!!  This is fast becoming a comedy of errors. We get in late (of course) and turn it in till the morning.  Within an hour of our sleep, the A/C starts to make a clock alarm sound.  lasting for about 2 min.  It went away, so no big deal?  Nope, came back on 15 min. later.  ????????Great, now I got to find the security guard (joke).  At 6am I cant take it anymore and its now getting warm in the room.  I go to the lobby (again), and tell the clerk that the A/C is broken.  He says the tech won't be in until 7am.  One hour (sigh), OK. Then guess what, yup; at 645am the A/C kicked back on.  At 655 the tech knocks and I tell what happened.  "Oh! it sounds like the compressor."  ???  So the tech says don't mess with it and to trust it to work.  On the last night we are there (2am), It starts to happen again, with the same frequency,  Great!!So I go to the lobby (again) and tell the clerk that the A/C is broken and tell them I need a new room.  Sorry, a tech has to look at it, and if he can't fix it, then we will get a new room.  ????????In ten min. a tech comes knocking.  This dude looks like he just woke up, smiles and starts to pull apart the A/C unit.  In order to reach the unit he starts pushing the bed, leaning on it with all of our stuff on it.  Kneels down and yanks out the GF's phone charger.  Unphased, he keeps working.  He's banging and pounding on what looks to be the compressor. ????  Then tells me it's not working.  ???  And I need to go to the lobby (again) and get a new room.So we pack, move to another room, just to leave the next morning.  As we turn in our keys, we walked in to another situation.  Not us, thankfully, but a different clerk was yelling (yes yelling) "If you don't like the room, then I will refund your money and you can go somewhere else!!"  Hangs up and smiles at us, just creepy.All in all, it was a horrible experience and now is a joke.  We do plan do go to Vegas again, as this was our first trip as a couple.  Sorry for the novel-like review, but this couldn't stay in Vegas.
1	Roaches, ac/heat did not work, toilet did not work, carpet filthy, Wi-Fi sucks, tv had 5 channels. The maids hung out in front of our room laughing and joking for over an hour at 8am!!! Rude as can be; then they started slamming their carts in front of the door. Don't get a room near the housekeeping office in 5th builidng! Sent security officer to room to try and fix the problems..he laughed.  The motel ended up moving us at 1:30am to another room on the back side of builidng 6, a little better.  OMG! Never again.  I will NEVER stay here again!
3	Not a bad place to stay for the price. It was what I expected it to be. I came to Vegas for my cousin's wedding and was hardly in the room. The only time I was there was to sleep and take a shower. It's a little bit from the strip but not that bad. People seemed friendly also.
2	Word of advise, if you're booking in the winter, just pay the extra $20 and go to somewhere nicer, like the Luxor.  $39.99 a night here, or $60 for the Luxor.  My boyfriend's friend booked the place, so I had no choice in the matter.There were a lot of things at the Motel that could get on people's nerves.  Almost no closet space, hot water can only be used for faucet, or shower at a time.  The shower made terrible shrieking noise.  Our room was missing a desk, but the one next door had one.  Our TV was smaller compared to the one next door as well.   The night stand was missing a drawer, and was chipped beyond belief.  Tried connecting to the WiFi, did not work.However, I did not notice any scary people in the parking lot like some suggested, maybe because it was cold out.  A plus, there is a Cocos in front.
1	Don't!
1	the problem is that the ac/heat is not working , and WI FI is very slow , if you are business man do not come here cause wifi speed can not let you do anything , so we decide change to other place tomorrow .
1	I don't think I would stay here again unless it is absolutely necessary.  The staff at check-in were very nice, although it took awhile to locate my reservation which I made online on their website(a little odd). The bed is very uncomfortable and the shower temperature kept switching from hot to cold to hotter and then colder. When I told the front desk they just said "ok". The faucet on the sink was not working properly either and when you went to use it, it splashed everywhere including things that were plugged in right next to the sink bc there was no other place to put it. It was a bit scary... There were also a lot of other hazards in the room like housekeeping looking in your window(for a reason most likely unexplainable) at your naked husband, oh and all the plugs almost completely detached from the wall! I would most likely not stay here again. It needs an upgrade and the rooms need to be cleaned alot better!
1	Perhaps I expected too much of a motel.Come here if you only need the bare, BARE necessities to be in Vegas. The bed is hard as rock, bathroom occasionally has water and electric issues, the place just feels uncomfortable. It's a decent walk from the strip, but close to places like MGM Grand and Excalibur. It worked for EDC Vegas, barely. Pay the small amount extra during that time to get something a little better!
3	Ideal location, right across the street from the MGM & 1/2 block off the Strip.  This is a no-frill motel but there is a pool.  There's also a 24 hr diner in front of the motel.  The rooms are very, very basic & you can park your car in front of your door!  You can't complain about anything considering the room cost!  The main reason I've stayed here is because they allow dogs!  If you want to go to Vegas with your pooch without paying a pet deposit & avoid a big hotel bill, this is the spot for you!
3	Can't complain a whole lot since it was Labor Day weekend and the price was right for a last minute trip.Front desk person obviously did not want to be there. Beds were ok, a/c worked well. I'd suggest asking for a room closer towards the front, if you get lucky enough to have a nice check in person. We got put in the very last building in the back, makes for a bit longer walk to the strip. Biggest complaint was the bugs :-/ had a little spider crawling on me from the desk area. Some other kind of small bugs were crawling around the sink area.Overall a get what you pay for situation.
2	Hey for what it is the value is fantastic. I was presently surprised that the rooms were clean & a descent size. Mattress was ehh. But really hot water. I stayed @ a place just recently also a Nat'l chain, 3x the price & the water was luke warm the week I was there. Since I'm not spending hardly any time in the room I'm calling this a win.
2	There isn't enough words to explain the dissatisfaction with this hotel. First things first.. pros.... rooms were clean, staff was nice. Now onto the cons. Beds were extremely uncomfortable. I had no hot water for 4 days. Saturday early morning. . 7am... skateboarders were doing tricks right in front of our door and staff did nothing about it. No internet for 3 days. The cost of the hotel isnt bad, but it goes up way to much for the weekend. I will not be staying at this hotel ever again.
1	They SUCK! Pay the extra $30 and go elsewhere!
