4	I used to read the Banana Republic catalogues religiously. I was a Banana Republic fan before it was "cool" --- and certainly before it was purchased by the Gap in 1983.Since then, it has grown into a brand-name behemoth. But it still has retained its core offerings. Namely, casual and career wear, with a safari-inspired flair. What's changed is 1) variety, with more dresses, more color, and specialty sizes such as petite and big-and-tall. And, 2) price.They really do have lovely clothes. But who pays $68 for a tank top?
5	I don't shop at Banana Republic. I never have, and I probably never will. HOWEVER, I did decide to purchase my bridesmaids gowns from Banana Republic and I have to say I have never experienced better retail customer service. To make a very, very long story short: The dresses I wanted were almost impossible to find. I ended up purchasing two from two separate locations and having one shipped from California. The associate at this store, Vicki, personally called and had it shipped for me. She was extremely patient and very helpful. I was absolutely shocked (and gracious!) at the outstanding customer service I received at this store. Thank you!!!
1	I will never shop at this Banana Republic again. Went there with my lil'un in tow and the customer service reps did not stop following me around the whole time I was there. I was looking through the sales rack and one of the customer service people would not stop talking to me and wanting to show me more of the expensive stuff even after I told her I was looking for some good sale items. After a bit, I chose to ignore her (i think she was the person in charge there) and she just stood there not 3 feet away from me just staring as if I was going to walk away with all her merchandise or something! This is the second time that I have felt like I was being stalked as a thief at THIS Banana Republic. Never again and oh yeah, corporate will be hearing about this one.
2	I have been shopping at BR for over 10 years and in this time I have never been to a store with customer service as poor as the Chandler location. In multiple visits I have come across rude salespeople but I shrugged it off. My most recent visit, however, has my mind set on never shopping at this store again. I had purchased a tshirt from the store and within 2 wears it had a hole. I took it back to the store and asked to exchange it. I was told without tags I couldn't do this. Having spent $35 on a tshirt I expect it to hold up and told the manager this. She told me repeatedly that she couldn't accept a return. She finally agreed to give me a store credit. She was rude throughout the exchange, interrupting me and making it clear she didn't want to deal with me. She was rude and making eyes at her coworker while I spoke.In terms of the actual store here, I gave it 2 stars because I do like BR clothes. A complaint for this location is the organization of their sales racks. At other stores the items are sorted by size but this store is always a mess and it feels like shopping at a discount store where you have to dig to get a find.I like the BR chain but this store is not up to par in terms of service with other locations. You'd be better of shopping online or heading to Scottsdale.
4	Sales galore!  I'm sure it's over now but last week, everything and I mean EVERYTHING was 40% off.  The sale section is huge.  It's a medium-sized store but the sale section dominates the rear of the store.  I was extremely satisfied with my purchases.  I did a few cartwheels inside my head.Here's the list:2 polo s/s knits - $11.501 pair dawson chinos - $71 pair heritage chinos - $81 merino wool v-neck - $111 cable knit sweater - $11At regular price, I would have paid well over $300, but I made out like a bandit!  A BANDIT!!!!  Sales like this are rare for Banana.But I nailed it...
3	Their clothes are overpriced but I am still a fan of Banana Republic in general because I can always find something on the clearance rack that is a winner.  However, I agree with Melissa G. that this store tends to be a bit disorganized, especially that back area.  The Casa Paloma location just down the road has better selection and service.
3	This Banana Republic is in the Chandler mall. So you would think it would be very advanced in customer service. I do shop at BR all over the country.This is not one of my favorites.First of all BR is supposed,to have free alterations if you purchase there and you have a Lux card. This store does not have an on site tailor. They send you to a tailor inside the mall. Which according to the sales assc. Prie, or Brie (not sure), does not carry the same color thread as BR. If it is more than $10.00 you have to pay for it yourself. Ahhh that is not BR policy.So I ask, Is there any BR in the Valley that has on site tailor", not as far as she knows.Bad customer service I say with this location. Plus store is a bit of disarray. Took her 11 min to see if they had a pair of pants I wanted in my size. I shan't come to this location again.
4	I'm a banana republic fan!  This store is clean, organized and has a good selection of items.  They ahve great sales!  The staff sometimes isn't as friendly as some of the other locations and they don't have an email distribution like some other locations do for their customers.  It's in the mall and the location is on the main floor in the middle.  I would recommend shopping here if you're in the area!
1	I am an avid shopper at Banana Republic and will likely continue shopping in the future. That said, I will not shop at the Banana Republic store in the Chandler mall. I shopped at this location a number of times since it is near my home; however, my recent visit to the store has since caused me to re-evaluate the need to shop there. The service the employees provided was extremely poor and at times, very unprofessional. I was quite surprised since there were few customers in the store and ample time to address any questions one might have. Additionally, the employees were preoccupied with their discussion rather than trying to be of assistance.Sorry BR, I think I may drive to the Gilbert or Ahwatukee locations.
