5	I have been getting hair cuts at Gulick Bros for 20 years!  They are the BEST.  Never a bad haircut to leave this place regardless of which stylist you use.  It's a trendy yet comfortable place which is family owned.
3	Update: I have since stopped coming here to have my hair done. Chuck was always good to me and his prices were very fair (as stated), but after awhile I just wasn't as happy with my hair as I was before. He styled my hair on the old side (bubble -y....) and when I left I felt like I had to restyle my hair....I decided that I needed a change BUT I would still recommend this place if you are looking for a good quality cut for a good price. I have been coming here for about six months to get my hair done by Chuck. He is great! He picked out the perfect hair color for me and cuts my hair just the way I want it done. He is so efficient, I am always out of there within a couple hours (and I always go with my mom, so that's for the two of us), and his prices are very fair. He did my hair a few weeks ago for my brother's wedding and it came out great. I couldn't be happier.
5	Dave Jr. has been cutting and coloring my hair for years.  I'm the kinda gal who will come in and ask what looks best, so basically, Dave gets to do whatever he wants.  Seriously, this is the way to go, since I come out with the most amazing cuts and beautiful color.  His prices are very reasonable, especially for the quality of the cut and color.
5	I had my hair cut for the first time by Pete Gulick today and it was fanominal! He couldn't of done a better job. I felt very comfortable and welcome the whole visit. Pete is a not only a fabulous hair stylist but a friendly person who has the best advice about hair! I would definitely recommend him to anyone looking for a great quality hair cut.
5	Dave Sr is the best! Been coming here for years. I grew up in the neighborhood and went to school with some of the Gulick family. Great people. Exceptional stylists. Dave has always impressed me. Love this place!
5	Dave Jr was my first hair stylist at age 15. After 9 years of working for a different salon, seeing more stylists then I can count and never being completely satisfied with my color & cut, I decided to go back to Gulick Bros. Best hair decision I've made! Dave not only remebered who I was but he knew exactly what I wanted as soon as I sat in his chair! He takes his time & makes you feel important, not to mention he does THE BEST blonde I've ever had! So glad to be back at Gulick and I'm pretty positive I'll never leave again :)
5	Went to this place on a recommendation. To be honest, I always thought this was more of barber shop than a salon. Boy, was I wrong! It's def. a salon albeit nothing fancy but the staff is really nice, the prices are great and Dave, Sr does great hair. I hear Chuck does great hair as well. Very impressed with this place and look forward to my next appointment!
5	I've been going to Dave Jr. for a few years (on and off). I just saw him this past Saturday (09/13/14) and I am never disappointed in his work! The first time I ever went to him about 4 years or so ago, I didn't even know what I wanted to do, so I just let him work his magic, and that he did! He gave me the cut & style I'd been wanting for years but just was never able to explain it! Well, this time around, I had let my cousin (who was going through cosmetology school) dye my hair blonde, then after a while, I dyed it red, my roots started growing out, and the red faded to an orange-y blond throughout the rest of my hair. Needless to say, it was AWFUL. Dave Jr. not only picked the perfect color for me, but he is the only person I've gone to that takes the texture of my hair (incredibly curly) into consideration when he cuts it. His prices are fair and to me, definitely worth it! I have even taken my mom to him, and she also was incredibly happy with her results each time he's cut her hair. But, since Saturday, I have been getting compliments at work and in the street, and a few even asked where I got it done!! The other guys at the salon seem to be really great too, but I've personally only gone to Dave Jr. I would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for a great cut and style and color!
5	I am so grateful that they could get me in last minute on a Saturday. I got a full color and cut and it was exactly what I wanted. I'm not good at communicating what I want done with my hair but Chuck somehow understood completely. The color looks great, he fixed a terrible cut that I had, and my hair isn't fried or destroyed. The atmosphere is relaxed and welcoming unlike a lot of other salons. I will definitely be back and recommending others to go!
