2	Once in a lifetime, if you're lucky or enjoy special favor from a God you don't even believe in, you might just find yourself in the presence of greatness.Parkway Restaurant is a slice, a chunk, a bucket of greatness.They are open forever and boast all-you-can-eat specials for lunch and dinner.This is their genius: One bite is all you can eat. Even Old Country Buffet is good enough for seconds.But is good food the point here? Or just affordable belly packing material?The menu is the size of Books In Print 1978-1980 (library reference copy) and layered staggered pages so that items further back coaxe and tease the bleary traveler deeper into its budget-priced labyrinthian display of options.And everything is $5.99.Like the little-known law requiring all convenience store owners to be Hindu, head chefs to be alcoholics, and government building cafeteria cashiers to be blind, odd family restaurants near highways and tiny shopping malls must be run by Albanians and offer gyros meat for breakfast.These are the same federal mandates that stipulate all Chinese restaurants use exactly the same menu with the same ubiquitous little pictures of food.The waitress called me "hon."Actually, I was so drunk I don't remember what I had but it didn't kill me so you might want to give them a visit.
4	I have been to this place many times and the best I can say about the food it is better than average for a diner. What gives Parkway four and almost five stars is that the quality of service is well above average for a diner and the res truant is obsessively clean. I am always happy here.
5	We love Parkway. We go here almost every weekend for breakfast. Good pancakes, great waffles made with malted batter, large omelets, gyro meat with eggs for those of us who love gyro meat. Excellent and attentive wait staff, prompt service, food served hot, restaurant always clean - what's not to love? Far cheaper than other breakfast places in town, and we always leave happy and full. No, it's not high-end, gourmet, or romantic - it's a diner, and one of the best I've been to.
4	I have been going to Parkway for years. I really like the Parkway omelette. The service is always fast and friendly. What are you waiting for ?
4	I admit it - I'm not much for cafes/diners, but the Parkway was a pleasant surprise.  I'll definitely be back!I met a group of coworkers here for an early breakfast meeting.  We grabbed a table and were promptly greeted by our server and presented with a large carafe of coffee.  I'm a huge fan of places that leave a full carafe of anything for large groups - it makes things so much easier!As we waited for a few stragglers to join us, we passed our time by browsing the menu and discussing the Parkway's remodel.  The inside is bright and clean; seats were comfy, and there was a flat-screen located in one of the corners.The menu is extensive - there are countless breakfast and entree options.  I settled on the 2 egg special - 2 eggs, 2 bacon, and an english muffin.  I didn't opt for hash browns... need to drop a few pounds before I get too out-of-hand with holiday gorging.Coworkers selected a variety of skillets... one had the corned-beef, one had the "chef's pan handle," one went with the meat-lovers, and another chose the chicken skillet.  All feature a base of hash browns, three eggs and cheese; from there, the toppings vary.  The youngest of my coworkers ordered what can only be described as a colossally huge meal - six slices of cinnamon french toast, several slices of bacon, some eggs, and some hash browns.  Oh, to be 24 again and to have that metabolism...Our food arrived in no-time flat and everything looked perfect.  Our server also brought a fresh, full carafe of coffee (double win).  From there, we tore into the grub.My plate was perfect - the eggs were perfectly scrambled, the bacon was crispy, and my english muffin was toasted just right.  I'm told the skillets were excellent - they certainly looked tasty.  The monster plate of cinnamon french toast was also a hit, because there was barely a crumb remaining when he was finished.  All-in-all, a very solid breakfast option, especially on a weekday.  Service was prompt, the food was great, and the prices were fair.  I'm guessing it gets busy on the weekends.Parkway = WINFood = 4 starsService = 4 starsValue = 3.5 starsMISC = 4 stars (coffee carafe = +1 star)I can't wait to get old(er) so that I can retire and spend my mornings gossiping with buddies and reading the morning paper at breakfast joints just like this...
3	Food was decent-good portions. Maybe the sticky menu just threw me off.
5	Been coming here for years. Great food with generous portions at a reasonable price. Breakfast is sold all day and it's too good to pass up. On top of it all the staff is friendly and efficient. Love this place.
5	My wife and I go here often on Friday and Saturday mornings. This is a typical American style cafe. The food quality has been very consistent since we started frequenting this place about 3 years ago. The servers are always friendly and welcoming. The coffee cup mysteriously stays full and the coffee is great!! There are many things to choose from on the menu and you can order breakfast, lunch, or dinner items all day long. We always have a great experience here and often find ourselves having conversations with the wait staff, albiet short ones, as they are busy. We never feel rushed and the environment is relaxed. I highly recommend this restaurant if you just want some plain and simple, honest to goodness, American style cafe food.
3	This place is pretty typical across the board. Typical food, typical straight-forward service.  Lots of coffee refills for me, no water refills for my SO. The menu was huge and the food was reasonably priced.  There was some confusion on whether we were to just sit down or wait to be seated. Overall, everything was "okay." Average.  Nothing special.
3	This place was not bad. I went for breakfast and found the price to be right. The portions are awesome and they came around with refills so frequently, I couldn't tell how many cups I had. The breakfast meals we got were under $11. Top sirloin, eggs, hash browns and pancakes - $10.99. Country fried steak, eggs, hash brown and pancakes - $8.99. I actually really enjoyed their pancakes most. They were super fluffy, moist and flavor. I'll probably come back and try their other options.
5	I love Parkway! I've been eating here for years now and I've never once had a bad experience. The food is average diner quality done right and served in giant portions. The menu is large and suits all tastes. Best breakfasts ever!! Fantastic value and always delicious.
2	I'm going to give this place the benefit of the doubt and say that we went on a bad night. Business was slow with only 2 lone diners in the entire restaurant not including by boyfriend and I. This would have been fine I guess except that there was no music playing through the speakers whatsoever. The only sound in the diner was the quiet clinking of silverware and the distant reminder that we all die alone. Existential crises aside, it's safe to say that the ambiance (or lack thereof) was nothing short of fucking awkward. I am sorry to say that the food did not make up for it. Mozzarella sticks were good but it mostly went downhill from there, both my grilled chicken sandwich and my boyfriends quesadilla had this weird sweet taste to them and both meals were left half finished. The service was good, if quiet.All in all the Parkway did the job and we both left unhungry but that is the extent of the praise I can give it. Probably not a place for date night, unless awkward silences are your thing.
3	Fantastic potato pancakes and pecan waffles Terrible sausage and toast (yes I said toast)The sausage was odd tasting and burnt and the toast was burnt as well.The service was poor, waitress was rude. The water tasted kinda like a sewer-weird yes-I know I am going to end this review on a positive note. I cannot tell you how amazing the potato pancakes were- just like grandma used to make!The pecan waffles were probably the BEST waffles I have ever had.
5	Awesome greasy spoon. Hidden gem for breakfast in Madison! Skip the chain restaurants and hit this place up....
4	Several team outings here later, it's still a 4-star place. I like to give my coworker a hard time for choosing this place for breakfast meetings, but it really is solid.+ Comfy environment, good seating, tables easily configured to accommodate groups+ Huge, full menu with a ton of options+ Bottomless carafe of coffee on the table- Coffee isn't all that great; a bit of gut rot set in+ Super friendly wait staff; I really enjoy them, especially Bona - she's awesome+ Prompt delivery of food, even though the place was full+ Egg dishes remain solid+ Coworker ordered the "haystack" - biscuits and gravy on top of hash browns, with egg on top, and said it was "outstanding" - it looked good, if not massive+ Reasonable pricesThere's definitely a group of regulars that hang out here, and I can see why.
