3	Went here once, I think on Christmas morning?  I had to work early and I knew they were going to be open, because I worked at a hotel, so we had to know what was open in the neighborhood. I had an omelette, typical diner food.  I thought it was related to the one in NYC, but it was not...
1	Since the BF moved to Phoenix last fall, I've been taking him on an informal tour of old school Phoenix eateries.  As part of our vintage dining tour, we finally make it to Katz Delicatessen & Sandwich Shop.  It definitely has an old school feel right down to the vintage diner interior.The food was fine.  The bagels and cream cheese were good, but not outstanding.  Our lunches were serviceable, but forgettable.  It was amusing to watch the antics of the staff that outnumbered the diners at lunch by nearly 3:1.  With so many people out front, it appeared that there was only one short order cook and our food took way too long for simple deli offerings.The real negative for me was the restroom.  I'm not expecting a marble shrine like the men's room at the Ritz-Carlton, but I want the rest room at a place that serves food to be clean and somewhat up to date.  The men's room at Katz was on par with some gas station restrooms that I have been unfortunate enough to see.  We're talking totally gross El Bano del Diablo here.  The dining room itself also needs a thorough cleaning, but the restroom was totally off-putting for me.
4	I don't think it was that long ago that I went with my BFF to nosh on fine deli foods. He ordered a bacon cheeseburger with peanut butter without the bun (crazy diet) and I ordered something with traditional flare. Well, yesterday  I was jonesing a bacon cheeseburger with peanut butter but this place has closed. Sigh. The times I came here were great. I loved the menu. I loved the bitchy waitresses. I loved the tacky seating. This was a sweet-ass place. And now it's closed. Shucks. How long was Katz here, serving up deli delectables to the masses (and high school students) for all those years. Cripes. Good bye, Katz. I didn't grow up with you, but I did grow bigger with you. And you'll be missed.
3	Katz Deli is indeed closed -- but the space will become a second Postino location.
4	what? closed?!! how disappointing. I was just here like three weeks ago. I have been eating here for years. You could always get a very filling  breakfast that was pretty inexpensive. Katz's Deli you will be missed.
