5	Really Good Hamburger and Fries.
5	I recently ordered from these guys and since it was breakfast time decided to get a couple of burritos. Delivery guy said it was going to be 40 minutes and he showed in 30 which was a plus. When it comes to the food, the burritos were fresh with good portions and weren't dripping grease all over the place like you would get at any of the burrito shacks we have around here.  Price was pretty competitive too. ($5) They seem to be going more for hamburgers and fries so I am going to have to try them next.  Just wish they had a website since I don't know if the flier I got has a complete menu or not.
5	Very good sandwiches and burgers.  All burgers, sandwiches, and hot dogs come with your choice of a side.  The biggest plus is they deliver!!!  Great people and good food at good prices.
5	Grabbed some take-out on my way home today... got a foot-long French Dip (which at this place is kinda like a Philly, but without onions or peppers) and some chips... would've got some fries, but i didn't want to risk them losing their crisp on the way home.First off, this location has been a few other restaurants over the last few years, and I liked all of them - which on one hand is great because it's so close, but on the other hand is a bummer because it's a bit of a hidden spot so I guess in the past these restaurants didn't get enough business to stay open. Hopefully that won't be the case here. Had a chat with the guys working there, and it turns out the place is run by locals who grew up here like I did. We talked about the old days of Video Roundup and other stuff in the area that isn't around anymore. They seem like great guys, so I hope this place does well.Anyway - I almost couldn't keep myself from attacking the bag on my way home as the smells coming from the container and filling up my car were intoxicating - also I was starving. When I got it home and tore it open, I was faced with two beautiful giant sandwiches... Holy shit. The bread was a 12" roll which ended up getting cut in half, but each half was stuffed with enough meat to probably fill the whole roll.Challenge accepted.I was pretty full after the first half, but I powered down the second half... but I didn't quite finish off the bag of chips... full-size bag by the way. Usually places give you tiny snack size bags, but they gave me a big grab size or whatever it is. Anyway - not only was it a ton of food, but it was awesome as well. Every bite was joy. I'm totally ordering from them again... and again... and again. They deliver, so I'm pretty excited about that. Even though they're like walking distance from me, I just like being able to summon food.
5	My husband and I decided to stop in for some sandwiches one day and we have been repeat customers ever since.  The first time I got the Philly Cheesesteak footlong and my husband got the Italian Beef footlong.  They toast the rolls which makes it nice and they are piled with meat and toppings.  Since we came in that first time I think I have tried most things on his menu.  Everything tastes AMAZING!!  You all really need to try this place.  Once you go I promise you will be back again and again.  Not only is his food awesome but Donnie the owner is a genuinely nice guy.  He works his butt off and he deserves to be successful.  So head on over soon.  You won't be disappointed!!!
5	The food is so so so good!!! And I had it delivered and the owner did it himself, super cool guy and this is definitely my new go to eat out place :)
2	I got the French dip with slaw. The order was to go but it took a while to get out. The meat was pretty bland and I didn't get the correct side, potato salad instead of slaw. I was expecting more.
