3	The other night we set out to have a dinner that was a little bit different than what we were eating up until that point. It was about 9pm on a Sunday night when we embarked on this endeavor and what we settled for was Little Dumpling. We ordered six dishes: Mongolian Beef, Thai Green Chicken Curry, Szechwan Eggplant, Honey Walnut Shrimp, Pan Fried Noodles, and Pot Stickers.Overall the consensus was that we didn't really have anything great. Everything was just kind of ok. The Mongolian beef wasn't too hot and the eggplant was a little undercooked. What I think really didn't get us off on the right foot was the fact that when they brought our plates and table settings was that they gave us silverware instead of chopsticks. Now this wasn't a big deal for me because I don't use chopsticks, but for some of the members in my party it was because they're Asian and they expected chopsticks from a Chinese restaurant. Overall, decent Chinese food.
4	We have ordered delivery from this place about once per month over the last two years.  Overall, it has been good and compared to other local Chinese places - it is the best in the area.The "thai" food is mediocre.  I'll leave it at that.  You want good thai food, good luck around here.We have dinned in as well and it is casual.  Nothing fancy here.
2	I ordered takeout last night and I was really hoping it would be great because it's so close to home, but much to my dismay, the food was less than mediocre.  I ordered the mongolian beef and there was way too much green onion.  The egg flower soup was okay.  The orange chicken had too much breading, not enough chicken.  The chow mein was bland.  I'd probably order from them again if I'm too lazy to drive far for asian food.
4	This review is all about the $5.95 lunch special.  Lunch is served from 11:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.  What do you get for that money?  Well, the lunch menu has over 50 dishes to choose from, that include two kinds of soup, choice of fried or white rice, choice of crab rangoon or a small egg roll, and refillable soft-drinks.  I ordered the beef panang.  It's not the tastiest panang I've ever had, but referring back to the price for the whole meal, and the ample portion, I was pleased.  I had a decent portion of beef, mixed with carrots, onions, bell peppers and the panang sauce.  Mixed with a nice scoop of rice, I couldn't finish the meal.  My wife had Mongolian beef.  She complained that it wasn't spicy enough, and indicated that it was more like a teriyaki beef.  I think that if she asked them to spice it up, they'd be willing to put enough chiles and peppers to make her nose run.  Concerning the overall environment and service, we were quickly seated upon arrival in a comfortable booth.  There was a plasma TV with CNN on the wall.  The service was prompt and attentive.  The place was quite clean and suitable for dining.
2	Like other reviewers, I tried this place out because it is conveniently located close to home. Ordered the take out, off of the dinner menu. The one that includes a spring roll and a wonton. Didn't realize that neither of those were included in my bag when I reached home. The Moo Goo Gai Pan was decent, but it is difficult to mess up. The pork fried rice was interesting- seemed a little over cooked to me but it tasted decent. I might go again in the far future, but I'll definitely make sure to check my bag before I leave the restaurant.
4	I've come here with my husband a few times, one reason being for the crab legs because it's really not expensive. The crab legs aren't always up to my standards but that's what you get for an inexpensive resturaunt. They just taste like sea water. They have a sushi bar, salad bar, so many different options of dishes to try from which we really enjoy. They served small octopus one night we were there, I dare not try that though! The service isn't bad and with the horrible 90's pop music they play over the speakers it kind of makes you laugh and takes you back to those days. Overall this place is decent.
3	Not bad, not good. I had the green curry chicken dish and it wasn't bad. However, since this was my first green curry experience ever, I cannot really compare it to anything else. Thai ice tee was really good. Service was ok. It was weird they had Tapatio (Spanish hot sauce) on the tables. Why??? I thought Sriracha would have been more appropriate.
4	Yummy!  We really enjoyed it.
3	We've ordered from this place several times.  Delivery is always much quicker than they estimate, which is nice...and most of the food has always been great; however, yesterday, I ordered orange chicken and the combo fried rice (lots of it) to take to a family function...and of course, on the day I want the food to be the best, it was the worst!  The orange chicken had this thick, goopy sauce on it and was covered in sugar.  It was disgusting.  The rice had a burnt taste to it, which was weird, because this rice in the past was the best ever.  I don't understand it, but was extremely disappointed.  Also, in the past, I ordered shrimp with lobster sauce.  It was gross, as it was like soup...like nothing I had ever seen before.
4	Okay - why the 4 stars??I am not rating a place by fine cuisine standards, but more about what it is.  This place is a neighborhood chinese joint.  So it should be cheap, convenient and serve the standards in large portions.This place did fill me expectations of a simple little chinese place.  They had some good deals on lunch specials.  Pretty much everything was $5.99!  Comes with the soup and the crunchy wonton things.  The place was nice inside.  It was kinda dark in there but it was ok.  The service was great.  I ordered hot tea and she must have brought 4 tea pots.  I was there for awhile talking with someone and the waitress was rather convivial.  The food.  Like I said before - the standards.  Nothing to blow my skirt up, but I good lunch on the cheap.  I wasn't expecting culinary greatness just some decent chinese food.Yes 4 stars - A clean, comfortable, good service, standard chinese food at reasonable prices!
3	eh this place wasnt to good but not terrible...basically another run of the mill thai/chinese restaurant but a weird twist....they had mexican hot sauce.....yea it was weird.....
3	Food was standard Chinese fare. The wonton soup is very good and worth the upgrade.When I went, they seemed short staffed and overwhelmed. Had a long wait between wait staff visits. Place needed cleaning from an apparent lunch rush.
4	I have only ever eaten at this location, but we have ordered from them about 10 times in the last 5 months. NEVER fails. I suggest you have 2 bottles of red wine and some great movies on hand and plan for a yummy night in.We ordered last night and the man on the phone said that it may take about 45 minutes. He warned me of this before I ordered, and I find this respectable. I'll be damned if dude wasn't there in 42 minutes :)Sesame and Orange Chicken are great. We get one of the 2 each time. Do the Egg Rolls, Spring Rolls are lame. The Chow Mien is perfect. You know how some places let the fat noddles stick together?? Not here, nope...Also, they do not line the bottom of the containers with veggies, a deceptive trick many Asian delivery places pull.Their bulk specials and family combos are excellent. Also, they include coupons with every delivery.We will continue to order from here because they are reliable, consistent and very friendly.
2	The restaurant's interior looks more upscale than the menu. The food is your basic Chinese food with some additional Thai options, unfortunately no pad see ew though. The service was adequate for a Saturday night at 8pm on Nascar weekend. I ordered the chicken with asparagus in black bean sauce. The hubby had the orange chicken dinner combo. We both got the hot and sour soup which was delicious! My order came out wrong, it was more like chicken with bell pepper in black bean sauce without any asparagus whatsoever. It also came out about 10 minutes before the hubby's food came out. I asked the waiter where the asparagus was and he quickly whisked away my plate and came back a few minutes later with asparagus in the place of the bell pepper, although I still found one hidden in there. I should have left it the way it was because my new entree had that burnt flavor to it, like they cooked it too fast over too high of heat. Anyway, all in all it wasn't horrible food. The orange chicken was good and soup as well.
5	Finally a decent Chinese restaurant in N. Las Vegas!Started with good atmosphere inside when we walked in.Ordered bowl of Hot N Sour soup, looks like you could feed 6-8 with it.  Very tasty, not too spicy to cause hiccups, also ingredients tasted very fresh.  Had a little taste of sweet which was unique.Next we ordered 2 dishes.  Hong Kong Pan Fried Noodle w/ Vegetables.  Comes with Shrimp, Beef, Chicken & Pork covered in a very tasty brown sauce.  The vegetables in this dish were cooked to perfection.  Every other place I have been to, the zucchini are mushy and the broccoli are limp, but not here!  They had the perfect texture & bounce.  Also the meat was tender & each tasted as their own flavor instead of everything tasting like seafood.Orange Chicken.  Very fresh and very crispy.  The sauce that came with it was reduced to an extremely thick glaze that worked very well with the crispy breading on this chicken.  A little went along way.  Also came with white steamed rice which was cooked nicely.Due to the rest of the over cooked mediocre Chinese restaurants in the area, I am giving this one 5 stars.  Took me a while to work through the rest, now I have found the best in N. Las Vegas.  Thank you Little Dumplings!Also noticed that during weekdays, they have lunch specials from 11am-4pm.  Making it even easier to try them out yourself.
1	We will never be back again. The food was disgusting. My yellow curry look like snot and tasted about the same. Didn't know you could mess up yellow curry. I couldn't even eat my meal. :(
1	Not impressed. Best part of Cashew Chicken is the cashews.Sesame chicken and sweet & sour pork tasted nearly the same.Cold noodles and cold dumplingsDuck was full of bones.Sauce for duck was done sort of reduction ( not plum sauce) PF CHANGS is 10 times better.satay chic curry stick appetizer are comparable to chicken on a stick with curry powder no flavor. The peanut sauce worst ever. Tasted like plain old peanuts would have been tastier if I whipped out a jar of Peter Pan. Will not eat from this establishment againLobby is dingy, dirty lack of careBoba tea was very bland. All around yuck.Over priced .... Bad taste
3	I wasn't crazy about this location. I have eaten at the one in Henderson that was really good but this location just lacked in many areas. First let me talk about the service. It is the ONLY reason this place gets 3 stars and not 2 stars. The hostess was super friendly and checked on us at our table many times.  The server had a nice charm about him and was excellent at providing service to us. Now to the food. I ordered Strawberry Chicken and it just tasted like they simmered some strawberry jam and then poured in over the chicken. It was dripping with the sauce and that made the chicken very soggy. The BBQ Pork Fried Rice was dry and lacked flavor. The soup was unlike any I have ever had it was almost gel-like and very strange.I had high hopes from previous experience at the other location and the decor on the inside made the place look very upscale but the food is what it comes down too and it just wasn't up to par.
4	This place is hit and miss. There are dishes that we absolutly love and then some that are ...meh. Love: Crab Rangoon, Honey Walnut Shrimp, General Tso's(but it's not spicy), Twice Cooked PorkNot So Great: Sweet at Sour, BBQ Pork Appetizer, Fried Rice including PineappleMy husband is the Thai food eater and he says their Thai food fullfill's the craving. It's good but isn't the best he's ever had. I do love that they have online ordering! I added the web addess to the info. Just keep in mind you can't use thsoe 15% coupons online.Here is the site in case it takes a while for Yelp to update the info: http://www.littledumplinglv.com/
5	Nice people good food quick delivery
3	Average taste, Great Price!!Just average Chinese Food at this location, but price is decent enough to maybe come back.  I had their Orange Chicken, Fried Rice, Egg Flower Soup, and Fried Noodles.  All of this for around $7 at lunch.  The soup, fried noodles, and fried rice was just average.  I thought that the sauce on the Orange Chicken was a little too thick.  Looked like a sap bleeding off a tree.  Scary, almost tasted like it.  Restaurant is a little small, but it really doesn't get busy here.  Been only my 3rd time here and it's never been poppin'.  Service is pretty good though and I can't complain about that.  Prices are pretty good, service is great, and the food is just okay.  Their Egg Flower Soup on a cold day may be enough to maybe come back.
5	i luv the food here.. i come here everyweek..
4	Little Dumpling is one of my favorite place when it comes to Chinese and Thai food.  Located off 215 and North Decatur, it's a small place that packs a big punch.  Despite the fact that it is in a small place, it looks very well decorated inside.  Enough room to dine in or order to go.  Living about 2 minutes away from the place, I do find this very convenient.  They do deliver, but the fact that we only live 2 minutes away, might be kind of pointless for them to deliver when we can go pick it up after 10-15 minutes.  Usually I would order my Pad Thai and the wife will order her sweet and sour pork and pork fried rice.  Which I think taste really good and the wife likes it better than other Chinese restaurant.  I think portion is very good size and it always tend to fill me up. Overall, the food taste very good.  If you ever get a chance to go and dine, you'll be impress with the inside more than the outside.  Customer service is very nice and friendly.  I would really recommend this place if you're in the area.  I kin
4	I've been to this location over 10 times.  A very good small neighborhood Chinese Restaurant.  Well over a hundred menu options.  Friendly staff, good food, best price.  If you want more options, bigger, fancier, and perhaps the best tasting, go to Benihanas.  This is usually a 3 or 4 star experience.
1	DO NOT EAT HERE!! We ordered the Tom Kha- Gai soup and the togo Styrofoam container literary melted into my soup. I could not eat it. We also ordered the yellow curry chicken and the spring rolls. The yellow curry chicken tasted like plain cream of chicken soup out of a can and the springs rolls tasted like the ones from Panda Express. We called and they said sorry for the soup being to hot and causing the Styrofoam to melt into your soup, but there is nothing we can do. We will never go back!
4	Had a craving for pad see ew, surprisingly wasn't on the menu. Had pad thai instead and some soup with shrimp and mushrooms. Food was pretty good and staff was very attentive and friendly , would definately come back again
4	Awesome food love to eat here.
2	The food was ok but I've experienced better.
4	I came in 15 minutes before close and got my food to go and the hostess wasn't perturbed or give me attitude (like I would have if I were in her shoes.) Food was out quickly and I did receive a lot for the average price. Right around the corner from Dad's house so I won't hesitate to go back for late night vegetarian fix.
1	General Tso Chicken was slimey. Egg flower soup was slimey. Fried rice was okay, definitely never coming back.
4	I've been coming here for years & I am glad they haven't changed their orange chicken recipe to the same ol tasting orange chicken every other restaurant has. Their orange chicken is always crispy with a hard to beat sauce with real orange peels. Idc what anyone else has to say about it...we love it cause it's different from anything else we've tasted! Good fried rice, lunch, and dinner specials as well. Everything is cooked fresh & employees are always nice, although sometimes you can feel the tension between them.
1	Went for a sit down meal.  It was self seating and sat by the door.  I was ignored by the host manning the register and the waitress for 5 minutes.  Another patron entered and did self seating and received service in about 3 minutes.  Waitress then got the patron their drink order and finally asked if I was picking up an order.  I replied with nope I an eating in she said okay and proceeded to go about the restaurant to tend to other patrons obviously not having heard my response.  Finally after about 15 minutes total time I decided to leave after never having seen a menu.   There were  about 7 other patrons in the restaurant when I arrived so the busy and seemingly rushed waitress must have been helping with take out orders.  I may give them another shot in the future as I have no clue what the food is actually like.
2	I've ordered to go before. And the dish I ordered was great. But today I ordered delivery which took an hour to get here and their website says "within 45 minutes". I also ordered the BBQ pork with mixed vegetables. The meat was tuff and the pork was NOT BBQ! I can make real Chinese BBQ pork so I know what it tastes like. It was more like tuff boiled pork. Tasteless! I will give them another chance. But will not order any pork from there.
4	We decided to order take out from this restaurant because we were in the mood for Chinese, and it was amazing! We ordered a general tao, vegetable fried rice, and fried dumplings (I think), and they were all really good and tasted fresh. I don't even really like general tao, but this one was great! It was a little pricey, costing $22 for three items, but the portions are pretty big. The host at the front door was really helpful and friendly, which was a plus! We will definitely return before we leave the area! Highly recommend!
2	We stumbled upon this place after a weekday trip to Costco. It is nicely decorated and has a large lunch specials menu. Although it was midafternoon, I was still surprised that we were the only diners in the place. Maybe that's because the food was hit and miss.Whenever I try a new thai restaurant, I always order the pad thai. This was a goopy concoction with oversweet sauce and rubbery shrimp. Not appealing at all. My husband lucked out in ordering the beef and snow peas. The meat was served in a tasty teriyaki sauce with crunchy snow peas, onions, and water chestnuts. His fried rice was so-so, and our spring rolls were obviously frozen, but each of our soups (egg drop for him, hot and sour for me) was good, and our server was prompt and pleasant.This restaurant is far enough away from my house that I'll probably never return. But Little Dumpling better step up its game if it wants to lure diners in a strip mall that's filled with other ethnic offerings. Next time I'm in the neighborhood, I think I'll stop in next door at Geisha House. (Or I might just opt for a Costco hot dog...)
4	The Best Fired Rice in all of Las Vegas! I'm from Cleveland Ohio and to me the east coast style of chinese food is the best. this place is like back home! Add bean sprouts to your rice and you would swear you were back east.
3	Ordered shrimp fried rice and pad Thai being African American I asked if which was more popular as Thai food is made different at every restaurant  the gentlemen in the front couldn't even answer the question
1	Was in the mood for chineese and decided to order here because they deliver. The delivery was very fast but the food was gross. I have never tasted chineese food this gross before. This place makes Panda Express seem like the best chineese place ever! I will never order from here again.
2	We had the Orange Chicken, the sweet n sour chicken, Pad Thai, dinners specials  and some sauce added to kick it up a notch.We decided to eat here on a whim just because..well the Yelp reviews looked appealing...The food arrived in a timely manner, the delivery guy was cool. So we tipped him well. :-) fast forward to opening the bag, and wham! Guess what we found? A damn mess! Thinking of starting a hashtag with #littledump  as a result. It was like going to work ER at the emergency room. The containers were all heavily sauced as they had been thrown around like basketballs. Check out the pictures of the attempted triage of the nasty situation here if you want. This was outrageous and we really thought that people should know what they're getting to go from here.We called and let them know and they acted at first like it was no biggie and said thanks for calling. Then later called to offer 10% off the next order. Thanks, but no thanks.
3	Over all not bad. Definitely had worse. The waitress didn't seem to be up on the menu very well but they do have a small kids menu which is so rare for Asian cuisine. The pad Thai is ok but way over sauced. My husbands chicken chow mani was very very good but a very small portion. Kids sweet and sour comes with the sauce on the side which is nice the chicken and rice are enough food the horribly awful  ragoons should just me left off the meal bc they are defiantly the worst in town. Decor is kinda intimate so it's very surprising they have a kids menu. First glance this place does not look kid friendly. I don't know if we'll be back foods not bad service was ok overall pretty clean but just not overly impressed. Lots of calls for take out and no one else dinning in. Maybe there's a reason for that.
4	This place is small and a little dark inside but that has zero to do with how wonderful their food is. Stopped in on a whim due to craving pad thai. We ordered egg rolls, which were crispy and flavorful. The chicken pad thai was great. The noodles were cooked perfectly and the spice level(1-10) was spot on. We also ordered chicken chow fun (sp?) and it tasted awesome. They deliver within a 6 mile radius which we fit into! Yay! This will be our go to thai while feeling lazy at home! Customer service was very good as well.
2	Really dark. Very hard to see in this place. Funny part was every guest asked if they made sushi. Lol. Food was ok. I had the curry but it was more like a gravy and not curry sauce. Also had pad Thai which was good but way too too much sauce.
3	I happened to be on this side of town visiting my sister this evening and we decided to order from this place because they enjoy it. We actually ordered from here once before when we were visiting her as well.We ordered a variety of food. All of it was good except the spare ribs. Those went right to the trash. Mostly just bone and gristle on them.Everything else was good and they were fast.
2	Whatever they serve for yellow curry is not yellow curry but some watered down version with carrots, potato, and chicken. Delivery was available so that gives them an star but I won't revisit. Especially with some of the great Thai places just a few miles away.
5	Food is consistently good, and the best General's chicken in the valley!
1	Nothing really special. I've tried better. Everything was too sweet.  Waste of money. Service was just okay.
3	Huge portions ! Order the combo, total bang for your buck! I ordered the shrimp chow mein combo with hot noodle soup and a plate of shrimp and asparagus. Above average Chinese food !Note: if you order from the combo they charge you an extra $2 to change from chicken to shrimp.. (should have mentioned that)
1	My husband and I wanted Thai food for our quick lunch date. I found this place on yelp and thought we'd give it a try. From the outside it looked small but once you walk in the place is actually quite big and looks nice. I ordered water to drink and he got pink lemonade. This is going to sound crazy, but that water was disgusting. It was stinky and had a horrible after taste. Seriously! Water! I got nervous because I've never had "bad" water while eating out. My husband's drink had the same fully after taste. I had the corn and egg soup. It wasn't bad or good so that was kind of a wash. My husband hand the chicken chili mint. That's his favorite Thai dish. It didn't really look or taste like the traditional chicken chili mint. It wasn't really spicy and was covered in a thick sauce which is not normal either. I had the General Taos Chicken lunch meal that comes with, fried rice and crab rangoon. The Chicken was good at first but half way through the extremely sweet taste was too much. It was almost like it was covered in a marmalade. The crab rangoons which are always my favorite were also extremely sweet in the filling. It was almost like frosting in taste and texture. Not pleasant, so I didn't finish the 1st one let alone touch the second. The fried rice was bland. I mean really bland. It was eating white rice that just looked brown. Needless to say, we won't be going back there at all. I guess we've been spoiled with the food at other places like the Bangkok Orchid in Green Valley. Now if I could just get this awful after taste to go away! It's been a few hours!
3	The restaurant is clean and the staff is nice but I gave them a 3 star because it is very expensive with very little food served on the plate. We had to flag the staff down to get water and rice. The best thing to try at this place is the Mongolian Beef, it is delish!
3	Decided to give this place a try. It was ok, it didn't exceed expectations nor did it disappoint. the service could have been better considering when we got there, we were one of two parties there at the time (we had two people, the other had three) but it was ok. the lighting was very dark but I think is was a blown out bulb so easy fix. we got the family meal A. with egg fu yung and pad thai with bbq pork fried rice. The spring roll and cheese ragoon was pretty good. the spring roll had a nice light crunch and the veggies inside were tasty.  the cheese ragoon could have been a dessert but im not complaining it tasted like the filling of a cream cheese pie with a nice crunchy fried shell. the egg fun yung was different from what i had in the past and it was deconstructed.  the egg was just egg and onion and the rest (veggies and bbq pork) was just on top. The gravy could have used a little more salt and so could the eggs, the pad thai was ok. a little too sweet for my tastes and the sauce was very thin and didn't really stick to the noodles. The bbq pork fried rice was a little bland but very dark in color which was also a little different from what I have had in the past. I was happy I tried this place as I was not disappointed or surprised. I dont mind trying small hole in the wall places as it may be a hidden gem.... looks like I am still on the hunt.
5	Super strange about the rating on this place. Me and my husband never write reviews, buy we felt w should this time. The food is always amazing. We go in, have it delivered, and get it to go. The service is great, like I said, the food is always fresh and taste wonderful, and it's never too crowded. And they give military discount!
5	Went to Little Dumpling for dinner tonight with my fiance.  I ordered the orange chicken combo and she did the Mongolian beef combo.  We both had the egg flower soup, bbq pork fried rice, egg roll and fried wonton as part of the combo.  We both enjoyed our meals and the orange chicken was one of the better ones that I have had.  No issues with service they did a good job.
1	Wow, this meal was so bad it caused me to finally sign up for yelp, while I was still sitting in the restaurant!! Ok, first thing first...there is barely any thai items on the menu. I asked if they made pad see ew and was told no! Most items appeared to be chinese of panda express quality. I ordered yellow curry and my boyfriend general tso chicken. After 10 minutes the waiter returned to tell me they didnt have any curry! Its on their menu?? So I ended up just ordering potstickers and a thai tea. My boyfriends chicken came up first and it looked like it was covered in a thick, jam like sauce. When you picked up a piece it actually had strings of sau e from it like a thick syrup. Gross! My boyfriends ice tea sat empty on the table the entire time and my potstickers finally arrived 10 minutes after his meal. We had to remind the waiter about the thai tea which was honestly the best part of the meal. The pot stickers were average at best. The fortune cookies were good... but the fortune really was a good metaphor for the meal...see pic attached Bottom line dont expect thai at this restaurant, and better yet just stay away.
4	Consistently amazing sesame chicken! It is crispy and caramelized on the outside with soft non-chewy chicken inside. Reminded me of NY! Use the online order app to get two free spring rolls (one time use promo) or a free order of fried rice for any order over $30. It's way more expensive than China a Go Go. The price is why I didn't give 5 stars.
4	This is a great little restaurant.  Their lunch specials between 12 and 2 pm can't be beat.  The food is plentiful & delicious.  This is the only local Chinese restaurant I have found with moo goo gai pan on the lunch menu.
4	Cleanliness: 4 StarsThe front of the restaurant was well kept, but the glass to the kitchen was obscured to keep out patrons. I always like to see a restaurant confident enough to display their kitchen. But what I haven't seen is a kitchen bold enough to install glass for viewing the kitchen just to later obscure the glass from viewing. InterestingHospitality: 3 starsThe staff was attentive and polite but spoke very little English. When ordering our food didn't come out accurate. They quickly apologized and corrected the meal.Food: 5 StarsThe portions are very large, the vegetables came out crispy and fresh. All entrees were tasty and hot. The appetizer was smaller than anticipated but the dinner portions were very large.Overall:This place is great for a "quick sit down" meal and for carry out but not for a dress up date night.
2	Food is decent but the place needs to staff up to handle the rather brisk takeout business. Tables around us were left dirty, entrees were delivered several minutes apart, and our waiter was very distracted by the phone orders he had to take.Again, the food is good but the dining room service was awful.
5	We loved the lunch specials!  They were affordable and served hot.  Service was excellent.  I would definitely come back here next time we're in town.
5	I'm pretty hard but I gave little dumpling 4 stars  because of their fried rice. I'm from the Midwest and we like our fried rice dark fried rice not white. So this restaurant does it up the right way in my opinion. The service is outstanding the staff is very nice the food is good and like I said earlier I love the fried rice.
