3	I stopped by this Saver's twice over the weekend for some Halloween supplies. What I first noticed upon walking in is how large the store is. I don't know the dimensions, but it seems much larger than any other Saver's location I've visited in town. The aisles are wide, and the store is also very clean (despite how crazy busy it was when I visited). There also seemed to be more volume of clothes at this location, but once again, it could have been due to the size of the store, and the layout.The staff at this location was very friendly, and despite the long lines, they were very level headed, helpful and friendly. With many impatient people and families shopping on a Saturday afternoon, I was not expecting this. I was there looking for Halloween supplies, and they had a lot. Right now they have a large section of the store setup for Halloween. They have both new and used costumes as well as accessories for costumes. The prices are much cheaper than Party City (where I also shopped for said supplies). The most expensive costume I saw at Saver's was $24.99, where as the comparative costume (a Pirate) was running for almost $15 more at Party City. I was there to buy masks, and was able to get a goalie mask for $1.99 where they were $4.99 for the same style mask at PC. I wish I had more time to walk around this store, as it seemed to have a lot of quality merchandise. I will have to visit again soon.
4	One of the largest and best thrift stores I've ever been in. We were shopping for Ugly Christmas sweaters back in October and really hit the goldmine here  ! Christmas sweaters abounded with fur, shoulder pads, v necks, and pearls. AWESOME. I can't say I'd shop here for vintage couture sort of things, but for novelty clothes this place can't be beat. If you donate clothes when you come in you get some sort of 10% off coupon for your purchase !
5	I'm so happy that this is my local savers! Its a huge new store with mostly friendly employees, ample parking, and they are always getting new great stuff in.If you're out looking for a vintage shop-this is not your place! this store is best for designer names (Juicy Couture, Rock & Republic, Fendi, etc), and "dress up clothes"(holidays, theme parties, haloween, etc).I have gotten some amazing deals here, like a new pair of Rock & Republic jeans I got for $3.99! This is only a place you can go if you have ample time. The store is very clean and organized, but it takes so much time to go thru all the stuff, at least an hour a visit I think.They have great selection of books, mens, womens, & childrens clothing, shoes, toys, and household items.My favorite store in Las Vegas!
5	I'm definitely a fan of this Savers.I've been to numerous Savers and this is the cleanest, most organized, and largest one of them all.  PROS-  *  Largest one in town *  Well-kept & organized * Good selection of things * Friendly staff * Clean Restrooms ! * Daily sales (color-coded tags) * Shopping BasketsCONS- n/a  (that's why they have the 5 stars !TIPS- * Seniors (considered to be 60 or over at Savers) get an extra 20% off. * The shopping baskets have wheels and a long handle for those     heavier loads.  Make sure to pick one up before coming in. * If you donate prior to shopping, you get a coupon. * You can ask to test electronics before purchasing. * all merchandise requires that you leave the tag intact (still attached to the merch) alongside the original receipt. Don't lose it!
4	I love this place. It's super organized and very clean...for a thrift shop. It's also one of the biggest thrift stores I've ever seen. This is a great spot for clothes, they have a huge selection. Plus, they have a great discount program for frequent shoppers and they give you a 20% off coupon if you make a donation. The only downside is that the prices are a bit high. You really have to work the coupons along with the daily 50% off color items to get a good deal.
5	This is the first and only Savers I've been to since I fell in love the first time I walked through the doors. My boyfriend brought me here for the first time sometime last year and I've gone here NUMEROUS times ever since. The place is huge and every time I go, the it is very organized (especially in comparison to most other thrift stores). The clothes are COLOR CODED and organized by size/type, which makes it so much easier to shop for what you're looking for. Sometimes I'm in a rush and I'm able to grab at least 5 things that I like within ten minutes because of the way the clothes are organized. I like the fact that each item is priced individually. At places like Goodwill, they usually have a set price for all pants, shirts, shoes, etc. and a lot of the stuff tends to be overpriced (for a thrift store). The items also have different colored price tags that correspond to whatever sale they're having that day. Sometimes I'll get lucky and one of the items I want will be 75% off that day, making it around a buck or two, definitely a steal! If I don't get the colored tag special, there's always the 20% off coupon  you can get by donating clothes. I know many people don't like going to thrift stores because they think they're dirty and whatnot, but really, all the clothes are washed very well and they don't smell used or anything. It's not like they just take dirty gym clothes out of donation bags and put it on a rack. To be honest, all of my best clothing happens to be from thrift stores, mainly this one. It seems like clothing today is very cheaply made, unlike in the past. When I come here I can find so much unique clothing that I know will last me for a very long time. I absolutely love this place. If i didn't travel back and forth between Vegas and Tahoe so much, I'd probably be here every week! The selection is so immense. They have kitchenware, electronics, books, movies, clothing, shoes, jewelry, paintings, boardgames, just about everything.The clothing is so cheap that I can go on a shopping spree without busting a hole in my wallet. I also never feel bad about cutting and altering clothing because it doesn't cost me very much. If you've never gone thrifting, this is definitely the place to start.
3	The Better Half and I enjoy coming to Savers once a week to drop off our donation bag and check out the goods.  We find some good stuff on occasion.  I'd rate this place 4 Stars, but my Wife's purse has been stolen here and they were unable to help catch the thief even though they supposedly have cameras.Return Factor - 40%
3	Much better than the store on spring mountain, this store could be twice the size of the old one.  Its new and clean and they have a huge selection.  However, I think savers is getting a bit out of hand with its pricing, I don't think used shoes should be priced at $14.99 or used pants being priced at $12.99.  Its also nearly impossible to find stuff on sale.  Also, was shopping on a wednesday afternoon and every fitting room was full and there were about 8 people waiting to try stuff on. With all that space they could've built some extra fitting rooms.
5	Why I think this place is awesome:-Greatest finds! -Best organized Savers I've ever seen. -Vintage National geographic magazines! -Cheap vintage jewelry-Always a great selection of bags and purses.I always find myself stopping in if I happen to be in the area.  This particular Savers has become a guilty pleasure of mine. Confessions of a bargain shopper.
4	I feel this is the best Savers they have in Las Vegas. This was the previous location on Spring Mountain (but had to relocate since they were getting too popular and big!) This is by far the biggest location in town, and the reason why I love this store is because there's an insanely wide selection of clothes, appliances, books, shoes, and jewelry to choose from. Despite how this location is huge, they are very organized and I found that I can easily find my sizes in this store than in some other ones on the opposite side of town I live. I feel maybe because of the demographics of this store, you can find a lot more brand names than at the Savers on Trop or Rancho. I've always found this is the best location for shoes. The best part is if you donate before you shop, you can get a 20% off green card for purchases of $10 or more. Who would want to beat that?!
3	Ok, I'm the first to admit that I'm not a big fan of thrift stores for anything, beyond used books for travel and dropping off donations, but this place is huge and organized. Great little spot to "treasure hunt" as my fella calls it and there are plenty of non-used items to choose from as well. It's not for everyone and yet there is something for everyone here if you give it a shot.
2	I used to be obsessed with this Savers. I'd go almost every week to donate clothing, get a 20% off coupon, and use it on some unique purchases. I'd always walk out with a couple bags of accessories, clothing, and books without spending over 20 bucks. However, I've noticed that they've been bumping up their prices over the past year or so. It has actually gotten quite pricey (in terms of Thrift stores). I haven't been able to find any decent tops for under 7 bucks. I know $7 sounds cheap, but not when you can go to a department store, like Ross, and get a brand new top for the same price (even less in the clearance section). Unless the shoes are super old and messed up, they're normally $10 or higher. This leads me to another point. I've come across so many damaged clothing here (normally tops). Whenever I do come across a top that's under $7, there's holes in it or some very obvious stain. These items shouldn't even be out on the sales floor unless they're for free. I mean, I understand it's a thrift store, but most other thrift stores do some sort of quality checking. Since Savers has been getting more pricey, I've been going around to other thrift stores like Goodwill and Salvation Army. I noticed that both Goodwill and Salvation Army don't charge any tax because they're non profit and they get all their goods from donations...just like Savers. The only difference is that Savers charges tax and has higher prices. So that 20% off coupon that you get when you donate doesn't really do much for you.
3	Me shop at a thrift store.  I think not.  Well, think again.  I did.I needed to pick up something nouveau riche for a Yelp Elite event this week at Absinthe with a pre-show party at Central.  I went to Savers to look for some outrageous things to wear.  Flashy, bright jacket, frilly shirt, and a great bow tie.  The problem was--they had none of that.Instead, I ended up with a jacket and shirt (I won't describe it any more than that because I don't want to lose the surprise my fellow Eliters will have when they see me.  Rather than nouveau riche, however, it's more like gaudy, bloody awful!!  The store is really well organized as others have mentioned and it was quite clean.  Check out was a bit slow.  It was also an interesting place for people watching.  It was the first time I ever saw a guy who had permanent sideburns--they were tattoed on.  Wow, different doesn't quite describe it!
4	A surprisingly good thrift store that's the size of Costco. I ended up finding a J. Crew, Van Huesen, Bill Blass sweaters; Salvatore Ferragamo dress shoes; and even clothes for work. I am obsessed with my tan, oversized Van Heusen knit sweater because it's extremely comfortable, especially during the winter.  And it was $8! Unlike the clusterfuck Goodwill, this one was organized well for a thrift store. Like most thrift stores, you must search to find something good and double-check for stains and holes. My recent finds have made me a fan of Savers and the best part is that they have new stuff if you visit once in a while.
3	I guess Savers is fine. I mean, they sell cast-offs, right? To decrease overhead, the stores are bare-bones basic, crowded with stuff, and not attractive-looking.  You have to come here with the mindset that you are looking for hand-me-downs for cheap, and that the stuff you find may be cracked, worn thin, missing something- or might just be like new. I bought a winter shawl and a couple of blouses and am quite happy with my purchases.  I know people who have bought their Christmas decorations here.  They have anything you can think of, depending on when you go and which store you visit. Current and old books, vacuum cleaners, Christmas trees, televisions, CD boxes with no CDs in them... (seriously, open the box!).  The employees range from very friendly to disinterested. The deals can be good or not-so-good; don't assume just because Savers priced something, they priced it fairly. Sometimes you can haggle for a better deal. Make sure you plug stuff in to check that it works before you go through the trouble of standing in a long, slow line to purchase it.
4	Great organization & great prices!
1	This place is horrible!!. I went clothes shopping for my daughter while I was there on vacation and when I got to the register I was accused of changing the tags. They refused to sell to me and were very rude. When I asked to speak to a manager, she backed up her employee and said she could not sell to me because the clothes were not ticketed properly. When I asked to have them re-ticket the clothes they refused. They said they're "ticketing" person wasn't there that day. When I asked to come back the next day they said they couldn't hold the items and I could find them on the sales floor! This is the worst Savers I have ever shopped at. I wasted 2 hours looking for clothes for my daughter just to be refused service. I would not recommend this store! Worst shopping experience ever!
1	What gives?  Donated items at over inflated prices...wump....wump....
4	I like shopping at thrift stores for one main reason, treasure hunting. You never know what you might end up finding. I did end up purchasing quite a few cheap items for my Halloween costume here. I found an inexpensive cowboy hat, vest, plastic guns with holsters and a sheriff's badge. I even found a few things for my next year's costumes so I won't be doing anymore last minute shopping.
4	i love savers! i buy all of my underwear from them! HAHA im kidding.i usually come here to buy military shorts or pants. its always hit or miss. i do enjoy strolling through the books and household appliances. interesting to see what kind of stuff people had. the sports and electronics sections are usually junk. if you have the time you can usually find a great pair of jeans. just make sure to take a shower or wash the clothes well. theres always a strange smell to them.
4	This is my favorite store ever, I love thrift stores! I am a big fan of recycling/ upcycling/ repurposing and this is my usual go-to place.Thing are in better shape than the salvation army and I can always leave with something, whether its clothes for me/my kiddo, housewares, or the ever elusive bare canvas,lol.Best thing of all: donate a bag or two of your used goods and get a 20% off your entire purchase coupon!!!!That's my favorite feature! I make sure to always have a bag ready, or at the very least, go through stuff to get a bag ready ! One could always stand to get rid of things they haven't used in a year ;)
2	I want to be honest and write the reason why I don't like Savers. I just don't want anyone to get fired in the process. I can tell you, the manager at this location should be cloned and should run every single Savers in Las vegas, Nv.  Her moto is on the money.I don't understand when Savers began the policy "the customer is never right" but this is true, if in item doesn't have a price then normally you are S.O.L.I mean Savers gets 2 start because they do carry some really decent clothes. They have some really nice shoes at times.I always go with a coupon or on a discount day. All together I would avoid Savers and go to Salva or Goodwill. What price are you willing to pay for a used item?
5	This is the first Saver's I've ever been to and it has been the best!!!!+ HUGE store, literally as big as a Costco or something, unbelievable. + Entire store is filled with high quality second hand items. So basically, they've already done alot of the editing for you, so you can see the best stuff and don't have to weed through lots of dirty tattered crap. ( I know that statement is subjective, but if you already an avid thrifter you will love and appreciate this...)+ Well staffed (at least on day I was there) friendly too! + 20% off entire purchase if you bring a Bag of clothes to donate that day!!+ Bright and Clean+ GREAT Products!! (i mean... it is vegas)  use your imagination to what glories end up here..) hehe+ Wide aisles + HUGE ACCESSORY SECTION!!!! literally like a wall of purses......+ Lots of shoes+ Lots of everything really..+ They donate alot of money to charity every year!!+ If you love thrifting, you will love going through this store, in my opinion. It's actually probably for the best I do not live closer to it... haha. Long live this Savers location, mwah! + Large, easy to get to parking lot
4	Yelp 100 Challenge * 69/100In my eyes, shopping at a thrift store is like taking recycling to another level. It's a great way to live sustainably and save money - important factors for a college student. Savers has been the answer so far. I especially like to take advantage of Senior Tuesdays because Papa can accompany me here with an extra 30% off certain items. Venue was huge and items were arranged neatly by size and type (knits, long-sleeved, short-sleeved, pants, dresses etc.) On the left side of the store were home items (furniture, picture frames, vases etc.), electronics and a special aisle for books. I got a couple of novels for only about $2, both of which were - at least looked like they were - in near mint condition. (Sorry, kindle!) Sophie Kinsella, Meg Cabot, Stephen King. You can tell they had a great variety of authors! Too bad, there weren't any books by Sidney Sheldon. I fell in love with this silk Calvin Klein blouse and another modest one with bird patterns! Got the birdy T and am planning to hit the place again on Memorial Day. Everything will be 50% off then! Every.Thing. They had fitting rooms and open spaces for days when crowds get dense. Choices are diverse, prices are reasonable and no one can tell that your Ann Taylor shirt did not indeed come from an Ann Taylor shop! Just wait, Savers. I'll be back.
4	I love Savers - the deals are great and the staff is positive. There is good quality and you don't see much of anything with stains, etc. on them. Everyone has a great attitude and it's clean.We made a special trip to Vegas this past weekend from LA and hit ALL local Savers including the one in Henderson. Almost $600 later I am now dealing with adhesive for four pair of boots and 10 pairs of shoes!While Savers deserves five stars, the adhesive on the back of the price tags is very hard to remove and the frustration level is palpable. When they put it on the inside of the shoe bottom, and you try to remove it, it leaves a gooey residue that is all but fun when you slip on a pair of shoes in warm weather and your foot is sweaty. Ignoring the schmuck sound when you lift up your foot to walk due to it sticking to the shoe, it doesn't feel very good.You can put these price tags directly on leather and they don't stick because leather breathes. It's the synthetic material they use for the inside of shoes where adhesive really only does "its thing" leading to frustration.I still love your stores anyway but this would be a great help and not so frustrating!
4	Yelp 100 Challenge * 70/100I take it back, they DO have books by Sidney Sheldon! Oh and Dean Koontz too. Perhaps it would've been wiser to check the other side of the aisle the last time I went. Book lovers, be careful. Apparently, with savers, the line between horror and crime genres has been blurred. I saw psychological thrillers and murder mysteries (both my favourite) under both genre aisles! Light-hearted romantic comedies, on the other hand, are stacked up under fiction, so you'll really need to know your authors' very well (with their specific writing categories) as opposed to judging a book by where it's placed. Sophie Kinsella fans, here's an update. She goes under another name now: Madeleine Wickham, and yet her content is still full of unpredictable twists with such lovable protagonists, sure to give you a great laugh! Would've loved if they allowed their memorial day sales to flow to the book section, but $1.99 (no sale) is not bad either. Pages were intact, covers were clean & unscraped, no loose ends. Save up on some good books and take in stories by these great authors at a fraction of their original prices.
2	This savers was once great when it was located on Spring Mountain Rd., but since they moved to the bigger location on Decatur,  they have really went down hill. Its mostly clothes now, which some people like, but not me, I prefer the house goods, which aren't very good anymore, and at some cases are more expensive then if you were to buy it new! Now, if you bring in a donation you get a 20% discount off everything,  and they also have other sales going on, but that is still no excuse to grossly over charge for used junk. I'm not exactly thrilled about the staff, but to their credit I will say everything is well organized, the clothes racks are by type,  size, and style, and they do a very good job keeping up with new inventory,  and the store is open and spacious,  but one down side is the musky old attic smell, you can taste all the germs right when you walk in the door. Long review short, I would say over priced but well organized.
3	I think this Savers is the most over-priced of the locations on the West side. It's on par with the Goodwill on Flamingo & Fort Apache! Sure I have found some treasures here, but on a 50% off day. This is also one of the few Savers that will give you a hassle when you return an item. The guys that help you w/ donations, and stand in front on big sale days are the friendliest of the bunch. The clothing gets cheaper as the garments get larger. So if you wear a small, 4-6, be prepared to pay 20% more for the same item in a 14+. Yes, it's still cheaper than retail, but be aware it's ALWAYS priced like the day before a discount day.
3	Everything is either cool or gross. No on between here. Lol
3	It's still hit or miss, but they have a lot of pretty decorative stuff, more than they used to. They have new clothes, in addition to the used ones. Right now all their Halloween stuff is up, and they have quite a bit.
3	Ok so my friend and I went here to find clothes to fake a wedding photo in Las Vegas. The selection here is huge and the variety will blow your mind! They even had wedding dresses, although they were huge and ugly they did have them. Now here's where is gets weird they sell used underwear and lingerie ??? Even saw some giant used tighty whiteys on a hanger?!? Whooaaaa! Nah that's knarly but whatever I suppose if you're looking for thrift store clothes you'll even be able to buy your panties and tighty whiteys here. The prices seemed pretty high for thrift store clothes and all the clothes were filthy. I hope the money goes to some charity
5	This is my fave thrift store in Vegas. I prefer this location to the Summerlin one. I seem to have better luck here.
1	Way overpriced clothing as a foul odor never enough shopping carts whatever you do don't buy you shoes because I got a bad fungus on my toes from it I have to be a medicine for 6 months gross gross gross
3	I always thought it was a nice store. The cashiers are always very nice and helpful. I gave it three stars because the back area with the furniture is ways a wreck. I don't if it's the hundreds of kids that run around crazy with their parents no where to be found or what. I have however always found great deals and try to get out of there as fast as I can.
2	I was not a fan of this Savers. It was messy, picked over and the prices were a bit higher than some of the others comparatively the 2-3 times I've stopped in.I found one vase that was the same as one I have a home so I got that for $1. One of the odd things is that I was charged tax at this store. I've been thrifting all day and not one place did, including other Savers I've been to. How weird. Either way, this is my least favorite so I would probably skip out on this spot the next time I do a thrifting weekend.
5	After scoring a rare Hendrix album at the Savers on Charleston I headed West on Sahara and Decatur and was rewarded with another rare album. This time a sweet Miles Davis record that was in surprisingly good shape.
