2	oh boy, where should i start? first of all the prices are wayy too high for a place that doesnt get much business, it smells strange inside(every time), the russian woman at the front is rude and dumb, its quiet in the restaurant part b/c nobody is ever there(4 people at the most @ once), they have good mongolian beef, orange chicken is too soft, but good. It's just way too high for what it is and the place isnt flattering!
1	I heard about this place a long time ago from my Indonesian friends. I love indonesian food, but unfortunately there is no Indonesian restaurants in town. When I heard about this place, I thought i have to check it out. Although it almost a half year ago, since I went there, i still clearly remember how lame is the food. When I went there, it was pretty slow, other than us probably only other 2 old couple having their dinner. Decorations of the place is kind of lame, you can see all the furniture is really old, they should probably change it. But, I don't care about furniture that much. I go to restaurants to eat and not to appreciate how good the decorations. I will leave the points for the decorations to other reviewer.As soon as I got the menu, I right away turned to the Indonesian food section. My eyes were sparkling, I'm pretty sure I dropped a tear just looking at that menu.  Since my friend has no idea about indonesian food, I thought I'll let the server explain it to him. Unfortunately, the server had no idea either. She had never tried any of the food. After a minute or two the server finally recommended one of the dishes. Which was the beef with the coconut curry flavor. I thought I'll give it a try, since that one the server admitted it herself that she knows that one and she knows for sure that is a good dishes. I also ordered some salad and some shrimp dishes. Once we received our dishes, the beef looked not pleasant in the eyes at all. It looked almost like a mongolian beef with an old leftover gravy put on top of it. When I tried it. All you can taste is coconut milk, you can barely taste any other flavor. It was just horrible. As an indonesian and a human, I feel embarrassed if this is the kind of Indonesian food they serve to human beings. I know this is a chinese restaurant, but If you can't serve indonesian food, then don't put it on the menu! Maybe it was just a wrong day i went, maybe the chef was just not a regular chef that usually knows how to cook Indonesian dishes. But as my experience for the food, it was not good at all. Out of 3 dishes I ordered. 1 of them 0 star, 2 of them 1.5 star. Average 0.5 star.
2	Came here for lunch a few weeks ago. It was just okay.The lunch specials for $6.99 seemed to be a good deal. I got the mongolian beef. It came with hot and sour soup, as well as fried rice, a spring roll, and wonton. The food was okay but nothing special.I'd like to give this place another try, but my first and only experience was so underwhelming that I might not even bother.
1	The food is HORRIBLE! We ordered General Tso's chicken and it was over cooked chicken with hot sauce. GROSS! The chicken finers were overcooked and chewy. The crab rangoons were mini frozen from the grocery store...the scorpion bowl cost $10 and had no alcohol in it. WORST PLACE I HAVE EVER EATEN IN MY LIFE. AND...we were both sick when we got home.  :(
4	I actually kind of liked this place. The decorations were simple, but that's not really a bad thing. The room sort of has this green theme going on, with the walls and seating. Some of the seating is a little old, but it's still comfortable.There's a lounge next door/connected to the restaurant, and it was a little loud.They were apparently having some sort of private birthday party and were playing some rap music with a little too much bass. The price of my dish was really good for the quality. You have to try the mongolian beef! So tasty. The only thing I didn't really like was my hot and sour soup.It was nice and spicy but too thick. A little too much of the cornstarch or whatever for my taste. For the food and ambiance I can really only give it 3 stars, but because of the awesome waitress that I sat talking to while sipping a delicious (strong!) cocktail bumps it up to 4.
1	I could barely give this empty, deserted restaurant one star. Because the steamed rice was edible, I decided to be fair. Not only was the hostess on her iPhone the entire time, but I'm pretty sure I could've made a better Chinese dish.The Sesame Chicken was fried cutlets with a sauce dripped over. Not only were the pieces of chicken dry, but half of it did not have sauce on it. For a pretty basic meal, I'd say it's a no-go. Also, the hostess needs to put her iPhone away when the ONE guest is in the restaurant.
2	Very typical wishy washy Chinese American food a la panda express. The big problem is actually eating there. The place looks like its abandoned. Really dim lights. No music. No sound. Its creepy. I can eat in  silence but the combination of the poor lighting is straight up awkward.
2	Pretty clean for a Chinese restaurant. Bathroom was freshly cleaned.  Had Egg Foo Young for lunch, which was OK.  I was the only diner...  Very quiet place.
1	Don't waste your money!! I ordered delivery, my food showed up missing items. I told the delivery guy, he said "I don't know" and left. I called the restaurant and the person who answered said "do you want it next time?" Seriously?! No I paid for it THIS time. She said she would credit my card back for the missing items. (I'll be holding my breath). The food was cold, the egg roll was soggy, the fried rice was burned. The only edible item in the bag was the fortune cookie! Now I remember why I don't try new places. Get your act together Chinese Village!
4	I've never eaten inside. We've always ordered and picked it up. We've never had any problems with our order and the food is always good. We always get the same thing. Shrimp Egg Foo Yong, Combination Fried Rice, and Egg Rolls.
1	This place is over-priced for the portion size. We tried a couple of different items that were just disappointing.  The only thing that was pretty good was their egg rolls.  They were not those tiny spring rolls, but even so, I have had better,  waste of money.
5	Super friendly staff, food was amazing, and really reasonable prices. It's my first time here and certainly won't be my last. Loves it
5	Is the best Chinese food I ever try, the service is really good, I love to eat there, is good for kids, family,  the price is good too I will recommend egg foo young, fried rice, spicy sh, everything is good :)
5	Food is amazing they have the best BBQ pork and BBQ pork fried rice I've ever had in Las Vegas!!!! I also tried the pot stickers and orange chicken!! All  I highly recommend this restaurant to all who enjoy great service and a relaxing dining atmosphere!
5	Great service and delicious hamburgers! Will defiantly be coming back with more friends.
5	Service was great and food was delicious!!! Great staff, will definitely come back, a lot of fun.
3	Just a local dive. met a friend for drinks.  Bartender was cool.  a few people doing karaoke.  Maybe I will come back sometime and try the restaurant.
5	Best Chinese food I have found since moving to LV.  We had egg rolls, vegetable fried rice and vegetable chow mein. (I am vegetarian)  OMG!!  We will be going only to this Chinese restaurant in the future.  Price was great, servings were good, waitress was very pleasant, bartender was great.  The restaurant is quaint and seemed clean from what we could see.  They even had linen table clothes and napkins.  You don't see that too often.  I was surprised the place was not packed at dinner time.  I don't know what was on the tv when we came in but the bartender asked my husband if he wanted sports on and then promptly turned on something for him.  Still didn't pay attention to what was on but that was awesome she did that.
