5	This store is great.  The bakery is one of the best in town.  The donuts here are the closest thing to a Dunkin' Donuts, since we don't have one in the area.  The place is an old VONS and it still looks like it too, lol.  The place is very clean and there is a lot of parking.  Don't expect many long lines, but do expect LOW prices!
5	This place is still good and they offer name brand 2 liter soda bottles for 99 cents.  I finally tried the restaurant which had a special of a hamburger, drink, and fries for 3.89 and it was delicious and a ton of food for the price!
4	I had 99 cent tacos (beef or chicken) from the restaurant when coworkers at the credit union did a lunch run. The tacos come with beans and rice in a takeout container. The smells would even get to the credit union members in the lobby. They were yummy- I told my husband he had to try them sometime.  Good place for cheap eats. There's a little seating area too if you want to eat there.My mom wanted rides here, so I started shopping here, too (on my own, after work, usually). Believe it or not, we're not the only asians shopping here. The produce is soooooo cheap (5 pounds for a buck). The prices are hard to beat. I always consult the weekly circulars before heading there. I mainly come here for the produce. Sometimes I leave with two bags and the final cost is under $10.00! My visits are short and to the point. Great for people on a budget, especially older people and large families.
4	Restaurant inside has great mexican food!  Good prices on produce n meat but everything on the shelves seems higher than other markets. Its kinda entertaing place to shop. Most of the time they have the music turned way up n people will be dancing in the isles.
5	I love this market . fresh food!
4	Always nice to find a market that has specials on marinated taco meat!There are a few places I like hit up when I'm looking to make carne asada fries or some tacos.  I will be coming here more often.  There is a full meat section with different types you need like flank or marinated types.  Also for you taco makers, they have a tortilla factory here as well.  Fresh tortilla! They have fresh bread and a pretty decent cake/dessert section.  What got me is the samples.  They actually put some things together and hand them out to try.  Very nice!
4	Come here for the MEAT. Fresh Cuts and Carne Asada to Die For.  Keep in mind this is a Mexican Grocery Store and No one speaks English.  Coconut water is CHEAP HERE. Those are the only two things I shop for here.
4	Stopped in yesterday to grab a few pounds of carne asada since a friend recommended La Bonita. Only $4 a pound! Great flavor, good quality meat and good customer service. I would definitely return to this location.
4	Wow, I feel like I really discovered something here! When it comes to fresh produce, meat and bakery goods, this is the place to go! Ok so it's technically possible to find higher quality (whole foods for instance) but who the heck wants to spend that much and I'm not about to drive all the way to Henderson to get hosed! What you'll find here is really great prices, extremely high quality and quite a bit of atmosphere too. There's an in house taqueria and here's something I thought was really cool: there's a big window in the center of the back of the store and behind it, there's actually a crew that is physically MAKING tortillas! Maybe I've just spent too much time at Walmart and Smart & Final, but as a neophyte, I thought that was pretty awesome. This may not exactly be the place where one would want to do ALL their grocery shopping (gallon of milk is 3.99 for store brand as opposed to 3.19 at SnF). But really, if you're going to buy a lot of produce, meat and bakery items, the price and quality of La Bonita will more than make up for it. And while you're there, go ahead and eat a taco. Good times, I'll definitely be back.
4	I wish I knew about this supermarket years ago when I moved to Vegas! This store makes eating healthy very affordable! You define have to check their flyers every week because the deals are always changing and never-ending!  Great flexible hours to shop for everyone opening at 6:00am closes at 11:00pm. I suggest shopping early to get the best selections. At prime times there will be tons of people shopping and its not as easy to maneuver your cat around the fruit and veg stands. The workers are very helpful though some do not speak English so heighten up on your Spanish skills before shopping great place to practice!  Some of the deals I got today we're 4lbs cantaloupe/$1, 3lbs yellow onions/$1, 5 mangoes/$1, 3 ears of corn/$1.  There are tons more as well but I got up some other great sales at a couple other grocery stores before.  La Bonita,  Marianas, & Marketon are within minutes from Eachothern I suggest checking all three stores ads and then doing your shopping!
4	I'm a super fan of this Supermarket. I love the fresh produce. Always can find some awesome deals here. Being a fan of veggies, this is the only place I buy fresh veggies. I come out of there with 6-8 bagfuls of groceries for around $10!! Can't beat it. Also, sometimes I can find amazing deals on ground turkey and seafood here. Due to it being a very popular store, it is always crowded and a lot of the time, I feel rushed to get my stuff as I'll get trampled upon. LOL. Also, never been here where I haven't seen kids running around without their parents with them. Other then that, it's a great place to shop.
1	TERRRIBLE SERVICE!! My dad went in to buy Groceries and usually spends an average of $200.00 every weekend! He always gets pan dulce (sweet Mexican bread) which the bakery was in charge of ringing it up or keeping count of how much bread u were purchasing! Today he went as usual and when he went to pay the Cashier wanted to touch the bread with her bare hands to 'count' it, he asked if she had gloves, and she said no! He went to the bakery to get her some tongs. He asked to speak to the store Manager. When the 'manager' asked what was wrong my dad proceeded with telling him that Cashiers SHOULDN'T be touching the bread, he simply responded "Then DONT BUY BREAD." My dad became very irate and told him that was the stupidest solution. My dad threatened to call heath department so the "Manager" didnt allow him to purchase ANYTHING and told him he had to leave the store! What a "Nice" way of treating your customers! TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!!! Dont shop there!!!
3	Take a break from the traditional super markets sometime and try something different.  Not just a bodega of unusual imported items from some far off land.  A good ethnic market needs to have all the specialty items and also the usual things anyone would need from any other super market.  Shopping for the weekly groceries is a monotonous experience at my age of domestication.  Thankfully I find La Bonita to be a welcome unaccustomed shopping experience.  Back when I was vegetarian for years (& much leaner) I couldn't shop at these stores.  The butcher section emits so many particles of animal carcass in the air that I could not allow myself to breath in the smell.  The meat section is kind of like a mini DMV line.  Everybody takes a number and the butchers call your number before you go to town by telling them how many pounds of what kind of meat you want.  The meats here are perfect for the college student or lazy house chef.  All those different Mexican style meats are already seasoned and ready to cook out of the bag!  Oh yes and I do mean BAG, lol!  When they fetch you the meats they are then stuffed into a red bag and tied.  LOL, I love that part.  Better for the environment with no styrofoam or blood soak packet.  The only way it could be greener would be at a real butcher shop that wraps meat in paper.  Seafood selection is pretty standard.  Most every domestically available cut from most standard animal are represented along with some specialty parts and pieces for the gastronomically daring.  It's all pretty dang fresh and at very low cost too.  5/5 for the meat dept.The isles are very Latin oriented.  I will have to say that most of the ethnic dry foods are very fair priced.  However those average items for American shoppers may be a bit pricier by a few cents to a few dollars.  Quite the opposite as at regular grocery stores where the ethnic foods are way higher.  Also the variety is custom tailored for Latin shoppers, many small items are missing altogether.  I go to Smiths or Winco for those anyway.  Dry goods isles 2/5Snacks are not a giant double section isle here.  Big difference from their counterpart super markets.  The chips are usually full retail price and tucked all the way to the back corner.  Which is a good thing I suppose.  One thing they do go big on is the bakery section.  My borderline diabetic partner has a hard time walking past the Mexican sweet bread displays.  She is Mexic-asian (and also my translator) so she grew up on all those partially sweet crusty bready colorful creations.  I'm more of a O-face Doughnut guy, but the Mexican sweet breads have grown on me.The whole place is pretty fun and cheaper in many aspects.  Not the cleanest out there, but not filthy in any way.  Like I stated this is the perfect market for college students or lazy home chefs.
