5	When searching for a pediatrician for my first child I was bombarded with do's and dont's from other moms - just a tad overwhelming especially when you're just figuring out how to take care of your child yourself!  Which office is the best....what questions to ask the physician....etc. The top of the list for many moms was desert valley pediatrics (DVP).  Rest assured... It's just as good as they mentioned. DVP has two locations: near summerlin hospital and near centennial hills hospital. I have not been to the summerlin office but I can tell you that the centennial hills office is amazing...I have heard that the summerlin office gets quite busy and crowded. Dr Ky is our pediatrician and in my opinion one of the best and most attentive doctors  I have ever met.  I'm sure parents will have varying opinions on what constitutes a good md, but he is wonderful with our son and is very understanding and attentive to our needs.  Being new parents, we had a lot of initial questions, that perhaps didn't constitute an emergency situation.  If you leave a message on the nurses' line, they call back promptly and give great advice on whether to come in to visit the doctor or maybe some home remedies that might help the child.They also take almost every insurance.  A+ to Dr. Ky and staff....
5	SInce my daughter was born at summerlin hospital in 2002, Desert valley ped has taken care of her.Dr. Alazard was the one on duty for neonatal intensive care at the time,so he took care of her in the hospital, and when we scheduled checkups, we saw him and Dr. Downey. Both are extremely gentle and caring. My mom has also taken my younger sisters here till they turned 18. I have never been overcharged and my daughter has never been misdiagnosed. We had one emergency where we took her in,not breathing well and were admitted right away. We got to go to a family room where they stabilized her, had a doctor check her out, then right to summerlin hospital (building next door) we went.We will continue to go here for everything for her :)
4	Living in the Centennial Hills, Desert Valley Pediatrics is conventant and we found the best pediarician - Dr Ky. My son was a preemie and the NICU suggest Dr Ky. He is the best and always answers all of our questions regardless of how little or small they are.  Dr. Ky is wonderful with our son and is very understanding and attentive to our needs.
4	Our pediatrician is Dr. Blank, and for him alone, I give 5 shiny stars.  He is very professional, knowledgable, and gentle & friendly to my 2 kids.  I always come in with a long list of questions and he is very willing to answer every one of them with a smile. The nurses and office staff are an average of 3.  Some are really friendly and others look/act like they wish they were elsewhere.  Since they are working with kids, I just expect them to be more approachable and warmhearted.  Like all doctor offices, you spend a lot of time waiting in the waiting room regardless of your appointment time.  But, at least this office has a partition between the healthy and sick waiting rooms with separate entrances.  I also like the fact that there aren't toys in this room because who knows how often those are sanitized.  So I recommend bringing your own if you need to keep your child occupied.  But, there is a TV in the waiting room programmed on a kid friendly channel, and who can resist an episode of Dora the Explorer.  The Summerlin clinic shares the parking lot with the Summerlin Hospital and other clinics, and the lot is often full.  However, there is complimentary valet parking that I always take advantage of.  Telephone appointments are easy to make, and they always call with a friendly  reminder days before.  I was very sad to leave our amazing Pediatrician in West LA but am very glad to have found Dr. Blank.
3	The wait kills the rating when it comes to the stars. If I didn't wait so long each time I came then I would give it four stars.I give Dr. Blank, my son's pediatrician, 5 stars however. Dr. Blank is very knowledgeable and caring. He takes his time with my son, is gently with my son, and answers all my questions. He never makes me feel like an idiot when I ask those "first time mom" questions. I have never had to reach him outside of business hours so I don't know if he is reachable that way. I am glad I don't know! If Dr. Blank were not such a Great and Outstanding doctor, I would definitely change locations. When you ask the girls at the desks if he is running behind, you often get a no and then 15 mins later you get "ALL DR so and so patients, your doctor is running an hour behind." My thinking is that you knew this when I asked. I used to arrive to my appointments 20-30 minutes ahead of schedule but not anymore. I show up right on time.Also these girls lack that "customer service" pizazz. Not so helpful. Always busy talking to each other. I feel like I am inconvenience to their job and in reality it should not be that way.
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE Dr. Downey!!!  If is wasn't for him I would stop coming to this office, because the staff and the drive makes it unpleasing.  So for that, I can only give 4 stars.Both of the offices are on the Northwest side of town... so for all of us that have moved to the newer developments in the Southwest, it's rather inconvenient.The staff here SUCKS, plain and simple!  They are not very friendly or welcoming, which you would expect from a pediatricians office.  I also don't like how they address each parent as "Mom" or "Dad"... I'm not your Mom, so call me by my name please!  And they just look miserable!  I really hope the Doctors/Partners read these things... they really need to know!
1	To all parents, do not get the HPV vaccination.  Dr. Blank recommended it but not fully disclosed all the health risks.  Please do all the research you can and then say NO.  My daughter was administered this vaccination and a couple of months after the 3rd shot her hair is almost gone.  Dr. Blank will deny that there is a link between HPV and hair loss but after reading and researching on the internet you can come to a logical conclusion that there is.  Dr. Blank should have disclosed all health risks associated with this vaccination and he did not.  BEWARE DO NOT GET YOUR CHILD HPV VACCINATED.
5	Good for kids they are very kind and friendly
1	I have been taking my boys to DVP since 2002 and have never had an issue with any Dr's there. As others have said, the staff, not so much.Naturally I wanted to bring my new baby daughter here to see Dr. Perez.I am sad to see that they now require mandatory binding arbitration in order to do business here.We will not be coming back.
1	I give DP a five star rating on care and one star on service because I cannot give no stars. My Dr is Dr Berford and she gives excellent care. ..when I eventually get back to see her. EVERY single time I go to DP, I am informed at check-in that the Dr is running an hour to hour and a half behind. I schedule my appointment in good faith. After working a 10 hour day blowing 2 hours of my time in the waiting room is not something I enjoy or construe as good customer service. Unacceptable. I would find another Dr in heartbeat if my wife would allow it.
3	Dr. Blank is AMAZING... However his nurse ANNA is so disrespectful, rude, and has the worst attitude I've ever seen on a nurse, she made my experience hell today, she is a young immature girl who shouldn't be working around babies. I asked her if she liked giving baby shots and her response was "I love it" what a cold answer to give, since you make babies cry.
3	dr blank and most of the girls at front desk is courteous and friendly so i would have gave a five and dr blank is amazing, but the wait is always 1 to an hour and half !!! its a killer when i have a 6 and a boy thats 2 yr old!There is no play area for kids big no no for long waits and dr blanks very young assistant that gives the shots latin girl with very short hair is horrible with children very cold in demeanor not gentle with infants and or children while vaccinating!! she needs a job that she likes to do!!!
1	If you like Disneyland and waiting hours to ride rides, you will love this s*!t show of an office. My son has seen Dr Burford, Ky, Greenspon, Blank over the past 4 months Plan on being there all day. They moved to an even smaller location this week which is nicer than their "prison" looking old location. However the prison setting is rather appropriate since their staff looks like a bunch of degenerates on a work release program. Do yourself and child better like I did today and fire these losers.
1	Like everybody said, the wait here is a joke. 2-hour wait and it seems like a norm here. The front desk lady and whoever answered the phone is quite dumb and rude.  The dr. is nice but maybe finding another office with less wait time would be wise.
3	I am dropping this star level for 2 very important reasons:1. They have moved into a smaller, more cramped office area. What this equates to is an office well over capacity, and I'm sure they were already over capacity at the last, roomy location.What I mean by over capacity is, they'd probably fail a fire code inspection. All seats taken, people standing, people sitting on the floor, and people I the hallway outside waiting!I made an appointment, so I only had to wait 30 min over my appointment time (which still sucks for arriving 15 min early), but I did get my daughter in before most of the people that had been waiting there. I'm assuming they had no appointment, because of all the bitching I heard about how long they've been there.2. I've seen most of the doctors here, since 2001: over the years, they act less and less like they care. It's almost like a race to get as many people in and out as possible, which is a shame; it's demonstrates how they are just trying to get more money in. I feel most for the office staff- it's super hard to be courteous when you've got a bunch of ignorant loud mouth mothers telling you the waiting room is too small. They know that, they didn't choose this office! STFU! I tried being the most pleasant to them, having my cards and payment ready so it could be as quick and seamless as possible, and I was battling my own sinus infection that week.Having said all that, I think it's time I take my daughter to my own doctor from now on.
1	The summerlin location is a joke. We normally see dr ky in centinnel hills, but wee not able to get a same day appt. there today so they sent us here. We waited just under an hour to be seen and the waiting room was packed. I feel like if my daughter wasn't sick coming in she would be sick by the time we left. Next time I will take her to quick care.
1	This was my second time here at the Summerlin location, both times seeing Dr. Perez. I just switched over to DVP from St. Rose Pediatrics, because I moved. I would have to say not only are the receptionist workers rude, and so is the staff. I took my twin daughters for their wellness checks, and the wait was incredible long, even with my appointment. I arrived at 2pm (which was my appointment time}, and didn't leave the office until after 4pm! When I asked questions about which shots my daughters were going to be given, Dr Perez and the nurse administering the shots to my daughters were completely un helpful and rude, after speaking on the phone to my husband about the shots and started to ask questions about the shots, the nurse had a attitude about telling me what shots were being given, and shortly afterwards, Dr, Perez walked in and asked my to "make up mind, because they needed the room." I was so appalled at the attitude the doctor had given me when I questioned her. After I had decided to go ahead and let the nurse administer the shots, I waited in the room for another 25 minutes, (but apparently they NEEDED the room). At the checkout I asked to see another doctor for my next appointment. I will not even bother scheduling another appointment with Dr, Perez, if you have questions she is definitely not the doctor to see.
5	Dr. Downey is the best pediatrician in Las Vegas. Believe me we have tried several. My four children have been seeing him now for 3 years and I couldn't be happier. I only wish I had found him sooner. He is amazing with my children! He is always willing to listen to any concerns you may have and will quickly address them. He is the perfect mix of caution and common sense. His bed side manner is truly comforting and friendly, a plus considering how much time we spend there. I trust him completely with my childrens health and wellbeing.  Dr. Downey is the only pediatrician for this family!
1	My wife made an appointment for my son to receive a flu shot and they code it as a wellness check and therefore charged us an additional $75 for the visit.  When I contacted the company regarding their incorrect coding of the visit, I was told that we were away o the visit and therefore te bill stands.  I was told that they do not offer appointments for shots so that how we knew its a "wellness visit."
