4	Great sales and a staff that's not too stuck up makes this an above average A&F
2	I have to be honest, I am a true A&F customer. Having worked and been a manager at one of the most hectic and overstocked A&F's there is (Milpitas, CA), I know how hard you have to work to keep the store clean and to attempt to please every customer. That being said, simply coming in as a customer, if I had no prior experience with A&F, I was not impressed with this store.Keep in mind, I am a big fan of Town Square in Las Vegas. Although I don't live in LV anymore, I have to visit this shopping center every time I am in town. This past weekend was my first time visiting the A&F in Town Square. Bragging to my friend about the normally stellar customer service I always see at A&Fs in other places, It took at least 3-4 minutes of walking around before I saw an employee (aside from the people being rung up at the cash register). When I finally did see anybody, there were about 4 associates and managers at the back of the store by the register there, chatting away, ignoring every customer in sight. My friend and I were not greeted at all or told about the promotion or even approached while we were rummaging for sizes. I didn't want to interrupt the animated conversation going on between the employees, so we simply left.
3	Short and simple. Love the store, don't care for the workers. Some days I'll have one that actually wants to help, but I've had worse service.
1	Unbelievably snotty and rude staff and very slow check out. I made the mistake of visiting the Town Square Abercrombie store and was basically not allowed back into the rear dressing rooms after I went to exchange a few sizes because now they were only letting people use the front dressing rooms by the check out counter. The problem was that several people had been tying up the dressing rooms for over 20 minutes and the staff were either too lazy, apathetic or just plain dumb to realize that this is a major inconvenience. Both myself and a women asked politely for them to reopen the rear dressing rooms and this clerk snarked back in the rudest tone "You'll just have to wait!" after which I confronted her and said "Look, I'm not trying to get you in trouble, but that is really unfair to just blow both of us off like that" She just sat there folding shirts completely ignoring me! I then said, "Are you going to say something? or are you just going to ignore me?" She then said in the snottiest tone "LOOK, WE JUST WORK HERE!, THAT'S JUST OUR POLICY" then just blew me off.These stuck up bitches working in these Abercrombie stores are just pathetic. Had I not been leaving for a trip the next day, I would have just thrown the clothes on the floor and walked out. I wish I had, as I spent another 20 minutes waiting in line because the same girl, along with her associate who both looked about 18 years old couldn't figure out how to process a return correctly, so we all stood in line getting more annoyed.The only positive was the 1 male employee (go figure) who gave us a discount for waiting so long. Unfortunately it isn't enough to keep me from writing a bad review of their store.I WILL NEVER BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN.Edited to add: Just found this article about A&F CEO's comments about only wanting cool people to buy their clothes. http://www.mediabistro.com/prnewser/abercrombie-fitch-apologizes-for-ceos-cool-kid-comments_b65301I'm really glad I found this. No wonder I got treated like shit in their store. At this point I'm just going to ask anyone reading this to boycott their store. Life is hard enough without this kind of elitism.
4	it's AF, i got some good sales for my friends in Asia, they love AF's stuff. I was able to find what i want, on sale or not. Pretty friendly staff, not too stuck up like most other AF places, which i don't get why all the snotty attitude, but i guess it's part of their brand image.  One thing i hate is driving around the maze of the mall just to look for the store!
1	I dont think any of the workers here know wat they're doing. Like the other comments below, they know nothing about customer service. I bought a shirt for $60 at the fashion show mall. Once i got home to wear i realized there was a hole in the shirt. Since fashion show is far from where i live i came to this location at townsquare. As a result the worker made me pay and an extra $10 to pay for the shirt!!! And not only that, their attitude and the tone of their voices were so rude. Its like they were annoyed by me. All i wanted to do was to exchange a shirt. Abercrombie and fitch needs to clear the staff here and hire better employees.
