4	My Girl and I have been going to this Starbucks location the last few mornings, I have also been here many times myself and I have to say the staff is great. One man especially stands out and always seems to know many people's names even their children's names. As with any Starbucks the coffee is good and the flavors are all same being that it's a chain, but this location is nice with outside seating, and plenty of seating inside.If you are in the area, try it.
4	This is my favorite Starbucks! I live all the way out on 215 and Trop, but I will drive across town to visit this place! The barristas are out of this world! I've always gotten the same drink, but after spending some time at this Starbucks, I have been encouraged by the associates to venture out. They'll keep making drinks until you are 100% satisfied! I'm always welcomed with a smile and warm hello! I wish it was closer to home, but it's worth the drive everytime!
4	I stopped here after breakfast this morning following a hike at Mount Charleston.  I've been here numerous times in the past, but today was the first in a fairly long time.Service was quick and pleasant.  When I'm in the area, I won't hesitate to come here.
4	Pumpkin Spice Frappuccino! A great day gets better. Came here with my daughter. We both enjoyed really quick and friendly service from the staff. Nothing less than good 'ol starbucks.
4	My biggest issue with this place is that an employee, the GM, is the current Duke of this place!  Unfair, checking into a place you work!  D:  ANYWAY, Aside from that grumble - This place has bomb staff.  The GM Sarah and Jon in particular are two powerhouses that remember names, drinks, and current events in their customers lives.  Starting the morning off here is nice as you get a great view of the sun light scraping across the sky and some great conversation.  It's also a great location as it's right before you take off down the 95 highway.  I usually stop by here on my way to/from the Tenaya Barkin' Basin Dogpark with my Golden Retrievers, who are very popular with the morning staff.  :)But the place is clean, efficient, although small so this is not a great Starbucks to lounge and study in the middle of the day due to how crowded it gets.  One small group of book club or Republican Wives or whatever who meets every so often here just swallows the place whole with a mere twelve people.  Also - WiFi is kinda slow here.  I suggest heading East to the Craig in the plaza with the Lowes.  They have a larger Starbucks with a slightly faster WiFi.  Doesn't quite has the warm social aspect of this location, but great to get work and projects done.
4	Bring a sweater! They keep it coooold in here. I think all Starbucks are cold in order to get you to buy some hot coffee.  This Starbucks was clean, had friendly staff,  and had outlets for me to use- always a plus. Of course, I was lucky they weren't crowed on Saturday afternoon.  There's a nice covered outdoor area to relax and enjoy your purchase as well. If I lived closer, I'd frequent this particular Starbucks.
5	This is my "go to" Starbucks and I am usually here at least twice a week. Sarah is a great GM and very personable.  Sadly, John M. no longer works here and has moved on to a new career and greener pastures in CO.I agree that this place gets a bit crowded & I have chosen to sit outside on marginal weather days.  There are a dozen or so seats outside with umbrellas for the tables not under the awning/breezeway.  Drinks are consistent though & they know what extra-dry actually means. I have been here right when they open, when it is busy, and just before close and service is fabulous.  What else can you say about the most widely visited coffee chain in the US?Starbucks tips:1) Use a registered card in order to get free items for every 12 purchases2) Buy & use a reusable cup (save on the landfills)3) Get to know your barista(s)
3	Hello Starbucks my old friend. It's nice to see that you are still filled with pretentious hipsters toiling away on their MacBooks and baristas who look like they want to be anywhere but where they currently are in life. Aside from the odd mix of depression and shame that comes with a Starbucks franchise the food and coffee is always delicious. I just can't help but troll Starbucks and their silly culture at any point.
2	Decided to give this location a try as it is on my way to work, and I drink Starbucks 2x daily. Was disappointed that there was no drive thru but that is no ones fault. I would say that my 2 stars are only for the outcome of my drinks. The rest of my experience was a total service failure. I came here two weeks ago and then again last week. Neither experience was positive. Both times I felt like I was a hassle to both the barista and the woman at the register. Both times, the women taking my order apologized to me because they were carrying on conversations with their coworkers while I was ordering. Is it that hard to focus on a customer for 30 seconds. I wrote this off the first time but twice!? Come on ladies. Additionally, during my second trip no employee made eye contact with me. Not while taking my order nor when handing me my drink. She then apologized for talking to her coworker while not looking at me! I manage a VIP services department in a strip casino, so I deal with guests and customers every day. I know what they're going through but I also would expect to be treated as if I'm not invisible. I'd rather pay the inflated casino prices for my Starbucks and be treated kindly than simply be ignored. Additionally, they were more than happy to chat over the the separator with regular guests. Apparently new customers are not as valuable at this location. I was so angry I took the store mangers card on my way out but decided it just wasn't worth my time. Ill continue to frequent any other location.
1	This particular one has a manager/employee girl,  redish hair not too old, or tall (Cory). I'll try to get a name next time I go in there.  Unfortunately from what I see on a daily basis she likes to run this place in the morning with few smiles and a firm hand.  You know the type,  you might find similar types serving you on USA based airlines now.  They have forgotten who the customer is, and really don't care to smile or greet regular or new customers properly.  She needs to be removed, or retrained.  Everyone else is fine that I have seen in there, but for the owner, this girl needs to be let go.  She's creating a general mood in your location that is not what you want.
1	What is going on with this company? First they change all the baked goods - they stink! They're constantly running out of breakfast sandwiches. And now because it's the holiday season,  the only instant coffee they carry in the store is Christmas coffee. So I guess I'm going to switch coffees because they want me to? I wonder if they're making everybody drink the regular Christmas coffee instead of their lattes and mocaiatos  etc?Seems like the pencil pushers in big corporations just can't leave things alone. Had a great company and have to mess it up! Just like Chilis, and Apple's on the way out.Okay Starbucks - Anytime you want to talk to someone who really knows how to run a company hit me up. 702-553-6731
