4	I am usually wary of chain haircut places.  Rarely do the stylists help men get the best haircut.  They just do a paint by the numbers job and do exactly what you ask them to do.  Not Ray, he listened to what I had to say, made some comments, and gave me a stellar haircut that worked specifically for my hair type.  This location is not close to me, but I might make it a point to travel out for Ray.
2	what do they say about idiocy? making the same mistake over and over, expecting different results each time? well, tattoo idiot on my forehead and give me a pickled pork foot to knaw on.quick service, cheap, everywhere, and usually no longer than 10 minute wait. but every time i come home, my girl immediately inspects my head and ALWAYS notices their mistakes....I don't usually notice until a day or so later....mostly they never clean up over my ears, leave large uneven patches on the crown of my head, and never ever cut my bangs to match the rest of my head (thus i have a little poof of long hair in the front). then i take my receipt back and get a re-do. every time. well...if it's simple enough, my girl will just trim it. i've tried different times of the day (first thing in the morning so the cutters are fresh, or later in the day after they've warmed up), but that strategy doesn't really work either. but i just keep going back. so it's not really great clips then is it?
5	It is a 110 mile round trip for me, passing who knows how many salons along the way, and it is well worth the drive even during rush hour. Ask for Ray if you want an amazing hair experience. You will go home feeling beautiful/handsome.
5	There is nothing to dislike about Great Clips. They cut my hair fairly well and I've had the same person cut it for the last 5 years out of state so I was worried about having a new person cut it. Price is $13 for men and no tax for haircuts.
2	My wife took the kids for a haircut today. It's not the first time they've been to the convenience store of haircuts, and it is a six and eight year old we are talking about here.  Last time, surprisingly acceptable results. Let's try our luck again at "haircut roulette", right?  This time, the "beauty school dropout" argued with my wife right from the start...DANGER!! The eight year old escaped unscathed, but the six year old was not so lucky.  Although she has a fairly standard hair cut (non-bangs), the lady wouldn't let it go: "this is a terrible haricut for a little kid" she insisted, "she'll need to come back too often to get this fixed", she bemoaned... well, she was right. After the kid washed her hair, BOOM! mushroom head.  Thanks CheapClips... you f'd one up again... seriously lady, just have a pair and say, "i'm not comfortable with that style"... is that so hard? But no... you know best, i guess that's why you are a "stylist" at such a high fashion "salon". I mean really, these are little kids, and one got a good cut... But would I suggest this place to an adult.... No. Oh well, i guess you get what you pay for...
