5	My inital reaction: Very clean, bright and organized. These folks have tanning down to a science. From package deals to pro-rated fees and upgrades, you don't have to worry about streching your buck. They'll take your money and figure out the math. But, they'll clue you in. Ask them for advice, and they happily oblige. With different levels, the tanning options are diverse. This includes the package deals and the different styles of tanning beds. Not to mention their plethora of tanning lotions and ointments. Oh, and did I mention they have a butt ton of magazines to read? Only, I haven't once had to wait more than a couple minutes to tan. But, it's always comforting to know the 'zines are there. When you first join, you pay the membership fee, which will then be applied to your first package. You also buy your eye wear and are expected to bring it each time. If you forget, you can buy some little copper-y stickers for like $.50. Something to note: There is a monthly fee. If you ask me, it's a bit absurd, but, like I said, these guys have this down to a science. It's almost genius how they run this place. Even the cleaning lady is on top of things. I would recommend this place to anyone who has the extra stash of cash laying around, for with a $20 monthly fee + $50 package (average one offered), that adds up to a pretty penny or two or a thousand. Then if you want some bronze on your hot bod, you have to buy the lotion. The cheapest they offer runs over $30. (Something to note: The $50 package grants me an avg of 12 tans if I go for a max of 12 minutes per tan at Level 2... so yeah...)It's definitley a Scottsdale establishment in that regard. I'm happy to report, though, that none of the people working the front desk are snotty, rude or impatient. They have always been friendly and helpful, and to me, that's worth its weight in gold.
5	A see-and-be-seen tanning joint?  Of course!  Why not?!  For those of us unfortunate enough not to have a trust fund (yes, there are a few folks in town) and to have to work during prime sunning hours, there is Darque Tan.  Convienently located across the street from LA Fitness on Scottsdale and McDowell, you too can be a part of the gym-then-tanning or tannning-then-gym crowd.  This is a mostly membership situation, where you are either a member, and pay a lot, or you arent a member and pay a ton.  Actually, I think their monthly membership prices, while a tad steep (since you still pay each time you tan anyway unless youre in a level 1 bed), are still very comparable to other local tanners.  I'm already confusing myself on pricing.  Alicia put it best, they know what theyre talking about, give 'em a call.The lobby, bathrooms and beds are always spotless, front desk and cleaning staff is friendly and efficient, and their beds work really well.  They have both regular beds, stand-ups and spray tanning so you can fry away to your hearts content.  Everyone needs a tan in Arizona, especially if you want to look skinnier than you are.  And who doesnt want that?  If you cant make it to the pool every weekend and lake is just out of reach, Darque Tan is your new best friend.
2	I'll come out and say it, the only reason I go to this place is for the beds.  They have a great selection of UWE beds which are by far some of the nicest beds on the market.  Their level of customer service is non-existent and pricing is a little spendy but you can get more bang for your buck if you figure out which bed works best for you.You basically have one option, pay $18.88 a month to be a "member."  This gets you unlimited tans in their entry level bed which is your basic 1980's style tanning bed.  If you want to use levels 2-5 beds you have to pay an upgrade fee of $5-20.  Here is where it gets tricky.  If you prepay a set amount ranging from $25-200, you get discounted upgrade fees for each level.  The more you prepay, the cheaper the upgrade fee is.  They have a board that outlines each fee behind the counter so if you have 30 minutes to kill, take a gander at it and try to figure out what you are paying per tan.  Oh and your $18.88 a month is only good at one location, if you want to be able to tan at any Darque location, better up that monthly fee to $22.I do like the fact that they allow you a pro-rated upgrade fee if you do not go the full max time for each bed.  This is how I save some $$ since I often have a few weeks between sessions and can't go the full time.  The bad news is you have to be a member and have a prepaid balance on your account to get the prorated amount.  The place is always very very clean, they employ a bed cleaner who does a great job!  The AC system keeps it subzero in the building and I have seen them change the bulbs a couple times since I became a member.  They also have a shower in one of their bathrooms incase you are pressed for time but make sure you bring your own towel, they don't provide any.If you Mystic tan, this place is a bargain.  I believe the lowest prepaid level of $25 starts Mystic at $15-17 a session which is unheard of here in the valley.The reason I gave this place 2 stars is their staff.  They have young girls behind the counter that have no idea what customer service is.  They will have a line of members out the door while they enter in the information of some college kid who just wants their week of free tanning.  They are quick to try to up sell you lotion, a larger package amount or teeth whiteners but slow to get off their personal call while you wait for them to check you in.  If you ask them a question you will get a blank stare and 9 times out of ten their answer will be the priciest thing they have there.  My personal fav?  Their posted close times are 8 or 11 PM but don't tell you that you can't tan if you get there 30 minutes before close so don't bust your butt to get there because you WILL be turned away.
5	*~*~* Best Tan Experience Ever!!! *~*~*It was about six months back and my quest for "un-pastiness" had begun.  Summer was coming up, and I was without color.  Due to research on tanning beds and skin cancer, I really wanted a SPRAY TAN membership.  I went to a few tanning salons around my area (Old Town Scottsdale) to check out their offers.  I was less than impressed with all of them; high prices, unfriendly staff, sign up fees, unclean, etc.  Then, I recalled seeing Darque Tan on Scottsdale Rd.  I popped in and was greeted by JESSICA.  She was so friendly and informative.  She explained each of the options to me and although I was really only looking to spend $20/mo, I ended up signing up for the SPRAY TAN membership at $48.88/mo!  I even popped in the owner's office at the front to tell him how impressed I was!  I couldn't be happier!  It's always super clean and you couldn't get a better deal!  **Stop in during the morning/afternoon and see JESSICA!  She'll get you just what you need, for your budget!
1	Their sunless tanning is RIDICULOUS. They add a bronzer to their sunless solution that paints your skin like shoe polish. I was so dark you could only see my teeth and the whites of my eyes, it looked like I was joking I was SO dark orange. It's too bad because Versa Spa is a good machine. Why they add this HORRENDOUS bronzer is beyond me. After stepping out of the booth I couldn't go out in public, I couldn't go back to work and I couldn't sleep in my bed because everything I touched turned to a skid mark of bronzer. Darque Tan, I beg you. Get rid of this extra, unnecessary, horrible bronzer! DHA gets you tan, you don't need to add your own horrible solution. It's so bad... I would add a picture if I wasn't so embarrassed. I'm stuck with a membership I will never use.
4	I've been going to Darque Tan on and off for about three years now. This location keeps a nice, clean store and offers about 20 beds of varying intensity levels. I usually use a level 2 bed which carries a max of 20 minutes and gives me a nice color.I went in today to buy a new package after taking a 6 month hiatus from tanning, and the sales associate was incredibly helpful. She took her time pulling about five bottles of lotion off the shelves and explaining all their different qualities and price points; she was very knowledgeable and I really appreciated her doing that. She didn't just pressure me in to buying the most expensive lotion they offer. Darque Tan offers monthly memberships as well as pre-paid packages; I use the $33.88/month package that allows for unlimited tans in level 1 and 2 beds at any DT location.The only reason I didn't give five stars is because their lotions are pretty pricey. I bought a "middle of the road" lotion with bronzers and DHA properties and it ran me $92, but they are offering a special right now that purchasing a lotion gives you money credited back to your account for upgrades.
1	Ah, tanning: my guilty pleasure. I have been an on again/off again user of tanning beds for the past five years and had my first Mystic eight years ago at the tender age of 11; so lets just say this wasn't my first rodeo.When I moved to Tempe in August of 2012, I began my search for a new salon. After trying out a handful of different businesses, I decided to sign a contract with Darque Tan. The prices were average of what you expect in this area, the locations were convenient and the biggest seller: the Versa Spa Sunless Tanning! If you're unfamiliar with what this is, it's like the Mystic only much, much better. Although the attitude of some employees left something to be desired and on weekends theres usually a 10-20 minute wait for the Versa, it didn't bother me too much.So why the one star rating? Well for the final 2 months that I was bonded by contract with Darque Tan, the Versa began to streak and left the right side of my body completely white, while the right side would be dark but look splotchy! (see my photo) My sister and several of my friends also use the Versa here and said the same thing happened to them. My sister (who occasionally tans here) went in a few days after her botched Versa Spa session and told the girl working what had happened to her. The employee (after much back and forth) gave her another session on the house after saying how she was "not supposed to do this" and it was a "one time exception". Still came out blotchy. On multiple occasions I would ask the employees why it was coming out uneven and if the machine was broken. It was always the same story: they had NEVER heard of it happening to anyone else and that it was "so weird". I would even show them my legs after I came out and they still did not fix the machine or admit to it being broken. *** Well here's how the cookie crumbles: ***One night my sister and I went into get a spray tan only to find out the Versa was "out of order" and getting repaired. Of course my response to this was ITS ABOUT TIME, and a woman filling out paperwork next to me chimes in and says "Oh they're finally fixing it??". I asked her if she was getting the same left side:tan/dark side:pale results I was and surely enough, YEP she was, as well as a couple people she knew. But of course the employees and manager would always play dumb and make it seem like we must have been doing something to mess it up.The girl working the counter told me the story of what happened and basically some guy came in to get a spray tan before a photo shoot and got the usual botched job then flipped shizz on the lady working. So I guess they decided it was time to repair it.After finding this out, I was done and decided to take my business elsewhere. I went into cancel my contract on the 20th of May and the girl working the desk said I would still be charged for that month since I didn't come in before the cut-off date for billing on the 15th, but assured me I could still use the beds & spray tanning til the next billing date (June 15th). I was moving back home to California the following day so I knew I wouldn't be utilizing it but thought ok, whatever.Fast forward to June 1st: I'm back visiting in Tempe for the week and remember I'm still paying for my tanning! So of course I'm gonna use it. I just so happened to be right across the street from a Darque Tan location in Tempe after getting my nails done, so I decided to go pay the 60$ for that month and get a spray tan. Well the Tempe location doesn't have a Versa, so I paid the 60$ since I was already there then made my way over to the Scottsdale location. I get to the Scottsdale location and the guy working informs me that I haven't paid my bill that month. I tell him I had just paid at a Tempe location and even provided my receipt for him. Apparently that wasn't enough proof, so he calls Darque Tan in Tempe right in front of me to ask if I was just in there. Of course; the girl says yes and that I paid my monthly bill of $60. After he hangs up he proceeds to call his mangager and tell him/her what happened. After a series of "mhms" "uh-huhs" and "riiight rights", he tells me he cannot tan me and his manager would give me a call in a couple days. At this point I'm annoyed but still politely said okay thanks for trying yada yada yada and went on my way. Well, as I predicted: its Tuesday and still have not been received a call or voicemail from the manager or owner. GOOD RIDDANCE, Darque Tan.
4	Darque Tan is now called Pacific Tan. The only thing different besides the name is the billing cycle which now bills on the 1st of the month rather than the 16th.
2	I loved this tanning salon when it was Darque Tan. It was recently acquired by new owners and no longer offers customers the ability to buy dollar amounts of tans and only pay for the time they use in the bed. This is one of those monthly membership models, which for people like me -- who don't tan that often -- is just not cost effective. When you only tan once per week, a membership is a huge waste of money. And the pricing of individual tans is through the roof. I'm currently shopping around for a tanning salon that will be more affordable.
