3	One of the newest additions to that which is Westgate.  Basically, it's your typical bar and grill.  I had the sliders (which come with pickles and crispy onion straws) and a Fat Tire.  It was pretty good, but nothing to break out the bullhorn for.  My guy had the taquitos and a mixed drink.  He said they weren't that great.  Our friend had a bud light and a salad of some sort with fruit, nuts, and stinky cheese.  She said it was good.  The food and service were fine, but nothing really memorable or anything I would make a point of going out to get.  It is what it is - your typical bar and grill.It was pretty empty - maybe because it was a Sunday night - but I don't think many people know about it yet.  It was nice inside and we sat in a big, round booth.  They also have a patio and some pretty decent happy hour from what I could tell.  Also, it's open until 2 am 7 nights a week.
2	My name is Christi and I'm a carb addict. Bread with my pasta. My lover's pizza crust (classy, oui?). Hashbrowns with my French toast. I've tried to quit, but I can't. And, I've also resigned myself to the life-is-too-short theory, so what the hay, bring on the starch.I did almost get a salad at Bar Louie's because it was a pretty late dinner and I wanted to save room in my belly for dirty martinis. But, they have an appetizer that I couldn't live without trying - Warm Pretzel sticks. 4 huge soft, warm pretzels covered in salt, served with cheese sauces and honey mustard dip. Simple, yet during my carb withdrawl that night, it was the greatest tasting thing I had ever eaten. I can vouch for the pretzels, but other than that, the service blew chunks. Over 15 minutes to get shots of jager when we were the only table in our server's section. When people order jager, that means they're on a mission, so give it to them...fast! We canceled our drinks and left to drink wine in our hotel room. We knew we'd get drinks faster there. If you're gonna go, go for the pretzels, not for the jager.
1	Horrible, horrible, service.I went to Bar Louie's in Westgate, (Glendale), AZ and put my name down for a table for two.  The hostesses told us the wait would be about 20 minutes.  After our 25 minute wait, our pager buzzed, we went to the hostess booth, and they told us that "they just told them they just started open seating, so we could look around and find an open table."  I looked around the restaurant and every table was taken.  I was so pissed I just said goodbye and went to a decent restaurant.  I couldn't believe that A) the hostesses were too lazy to look themselves around the restaurant for an open table for us -- which is their JOB that they actually get PAID for and B) they were basically telling us to f**k off.
1	Typical "west side hang out!" Girls with tattoos on their necks...The only good thing about this place were the drinks! This place happens to be a very nice place, just happens to attract the wrong crowd! Will NOT be visiting this place again!
4	I had a great time here on my birthday. It was our first time here and the waitress took time to go over some of her favs on the menu. When she was told it was my birthday she said that I can get a free drink (alcoholic) of my choice...awesome!! She suggested a grape martini and it was soooo good. I had three of them. All the food we had we was good. We had a burger, taquitos, and chicken nachos. The service was great from our server and I would for sure return.
3	Food's not bad here.  I ordered a grilled cheese sandwich that came with tomatoes & bacon on sourdough.  Yeah, it's a heart attack waiting to happen but it sounded good.  They didn't slather oil all over the bread, so it actually came out toasted as opposed to greasy.  (Lord knows there was enough greasy goodness from the WI cheese & bacon!)The place was pretty empty during the middle of the week, but the patrons present were mostly guys.  And more precisely, the kind of guys that are a hybrid--douche meets geek.  Yeah...'Gouche bags'.  Not really a place where you go to 'meet people' so all the gouches were tryin to hit on the waitresses.  Anyway, not a bad place to eat.  But that's it.
5	Bar Louie is my go-to bar.  Having been into this bar dozens of times, I have built a great rapport with many of the staff and regulars.  In my mind frequenting all of the West Gate bars and restaurant, this stands head and shoulders above all the rest.  Why?  The food is the best quality, the pricing is the best value, and the entertainment is the best!The food.  I typically order the same thing each time because it really hits the spot.  The California Club.  And if you are like me where you choose not to eat delicious french fries, its nice they offer substitutes.  I would also recommend the Pot Roast Sliders, very few places and very few items can be found in the valley as nice as this!The pricing.  As a Jew living in the Avenues side of town, I am always on the hunt for a bargain.  Not only is the cost for your food and beverage reasonable, it is much more fair than the places that surround it in the immediate vicinity.  I cannot lie, this is a big reason why I will keep returning.  And on Tuesdays, you can enjoy their delicious burger for $2.  No Joke.  And wings are $0.25 on Mondays.Entertainment?  There is a Latin Night on Wednesdays and everyone in the Westside knows you better get inside before 9pm on the weekends or else wait in a line more than a hundred feet long.  Those who frequent the place get VIP privlidges where they can forgo the wait and cover.  And as much as I love the cholas, I love to mix it up in the dance floor.  I've found that everyone is friendly, I feel comfortable making conversation with everyone.  And if its AZ Cards home game, I am here before and after the games.My favorite thing about Bar Louie.  Is that I can walk home when I'm crunk.  I cannot say this about 99% of the bars in Phoenix / Scottsdale.
4	two words...buffalo calamari.  went here after the niners/cardinals monday night game to kill time and avoid traffic.  the buffalo calamari was great!  we actually ordered it again after we ravaged the first serving...ordered the luigi, basically a cheesesteak...bread was good, meat and veggies were great, and the hot sauce was good...live dj playing some great music ranging from old school ll cool j to some bay hyphy shit...the music might be something special only for football nights or maybe just friday and saturday.  servers were great and easy on the eyes except for an emo looking one that you could tell that she cuts herself on breaks...a must eat if ever in the westgate area for either a football or hockey game...
3	Bar Louie is a go-to for us when we go to West Gate. When other places are over run we can usually grab a seat outside, munch on some pretzels, and wait for the rest of our group to arrive. The patio allows for an enjoyable people watching experience especially since it is right across from the arena. The service is OK, drink orders are slow it seems, but it serves its purpose.
3	Before going to the Coyotes game on Saturday night, my husband and I met fellow Yelper Melissa H and her husband for dinner at Bar Louie. My husband and I have been to Bar Louie in Ohio before, so when we heard there was one at Westgate, we thought it would be fun to eat there. We arrived at 5 pm (game was at 7 pm) and we got there at the perfect time; there were only a few tables already seated, but within 30  minutes of our arrival, the restaurant was getting more crowded and within 45 minutes of our arrival, every table inside was full and there was a growing wait.Our waitress was nice, but she seriously kept asking us if we wanted to order every three minutes. It got to the point where we had to tell her we would just eat our appetizers and then place an order. Drinks were a little slow coming to the table as well. We had the soft pretzels and chips and dip for appetizers. Both were good; I love how the pretzels are served with a trio of dipping sauces - honey mustard, queso, and yellow mustard - and how they are not too salty, but have just enough salt on them to avoid being bland. The chips also came with queso (seriously can you go wrong with queso??) and two other dips, but our group would have been content with three bowls of queso and not the other two dips. I had the chicken caesar sandwich for dinner, and while the chicken cooked perfectly, there was practically no caesar dressing on the sandwich at all. Like none - the sandwich was almost bone dry. Our group of 4's bill came to $135 (before tip) which included 9 beers, 2 appetizers, and 4 sandwiches. For the amount we drank, I didn't think the bill was terrible. The menu isn't going to blow your socks off, but for a casual meal before a game or event at Westgate, Bar Louie is not a bad choice.
2	I went because it was close to my hotel.  with a gazillion other restaurants in Westgate Center, I know better now.My 5 yr old ordered the kiddie pizza.  It's the first time I have ever seen her push pizza away.  Poor chef...can't get a kid's pizza right for discriminating 5 yr olds.  I tried it,  My little one was right.  It was godawful.I started with a cup of gumbo.  If you closed your eyes and took a mouthful, you might guess right after about the 57th try.  It was bland.  How can gumbo be bland?  really?Then I ventured into the entrees...I took my chances with the hangar steak and mashed potatoes.  That was at least cooked right.  My problem -- the menu said nothing about some peanut sauce that it was doused with.  Are they kidding?Okay... I know...a dad with child is probably not the demo that this place targets on a friday night and perhaps my thoughts ought to be discounted.Well...the place was half empty at 7:30, so the locals much be catching on.In short, if you're there for the college crowd and zeroing in on a happy hour or 3 dollar miller geniune draft...then you'll '' walk in your sleep to this place.  For anything else...skip it.  The menu is an afterthought at best.
4	I update my review from 1 star to 4 stars. The ONLY reason I give it 4 stars is because of the great service and awesome drinks! If you ever happen to come here, order the "Porn Star" mixed drink, I guarantee you will want more than one! Do NOT order chicken wings here! They taste like regular frozen wings you can buy at the grocery store!
2	Came here with a group of my girlfriends on a Friday night. Right when we walked in, people looked at us as of they hadn't seen Asian girls before. Our waitress Kristen was really nice though and their dj was spinning decent hip hop. 1 star for no cover charge for women. 2nd star for my Blue Moon on tap.
5	I went to Bar Louie on Friday night and was such a fan that I revisited it on Saturday night. I have to admit I was a little scared because of some of the reviews that Its gotten.  I use to go to Saddle Ranch a lot in Hollywood and Universal City walk so was more drawn to Saddle Ranch than Bar Louie.  My friends and I went into SR and it was like a "BRO" convention there.  With all the wannabe MMA kids there I thought I was in Vegas at a UFC fight.  Anyways, we made our way over to BL which had a long line to get in. After paying only $5 (that's less than a beer in LA) to get in I was surprised how crowded it was. Went to the Bar and was served by a girl named Erin.  She was polite and easy on the eyes. Anytime I needed a drink she was ready for me.  The owner came out, I think his name was Marc,  he was really nice and bought my friends and I a round (which wasn't necessary). I've been to Margaritaville (good for kids) and Yard house (good if you like a variety of beer), but my new spot is defiantly Bar Louie's. I read how a lot of people had bad experiences at Bar Louie,  personally I think its the person not the establishment.  Is Bar Louie going to greet every single person like they're the QUEEN (its only women that have given bad reviews), no they're not.  They don't have time kiss the ass of some asian chick from SF because shes on vacation and expects to be waited on hand and hoof.. i mean foot.  ohh BTW Im asian too.  Is this like a College bar? nope!! their crowd is a little older then College. Maybe if one will get off of their High horse and mingle with us peasants you'll come to enjoy Bar Louie's.
1	Closed ---- Out Of Business.
2	Not much to say anymore, as they are--quite deservedly--out of business.Went here in April for dinner prior to the Bruce Springsteen concert at Jobing.com arena. Apparently, every other concert-goer had similar ideas about eating before the show, and we ended up in a long, long line. It was about 50 minutes to get in the door, only to be handed an LED pager so we could wait another 20 minutes for a table. Not counting them down for that; if I go to Arby's at noon, there are a lot of cars waiting in the drive-thru. It's the peak dining hour.After finally getting seated, and with the concert start time rapidly approaching, we ordered food that didn't require a lot of prep time. I ordered a quesadilla and my wife ordered a salad. There was more cheese on a Jack in the Box taco than on this quesadilla. It was awful. Just a tortilla, a whisper of cheese, and some lonely looking pieces of chicken. That quesadilla is one of the most memorable dinners I've ever eaten, and that's not necessarily a good thing. Note to chef: check out the chicken cheddar quesadillas at Del Taco! My wife said her salad was just okay. When we left, I asked the rhetorical question "who goes here when there's not a concert or hockey game to bring people in?" I found out the answer tonight while I waited for my daughter at the Jonas Brothers concert: apparently, not many people go here if there's not something going on at Jobing. The patio furniture is all gone. The windows are covered with butcher paper. All the doors are posted with an angry warning that no one is to enter the premises unless the back rent is paid in full. "Police take notice," the posting warns.Since it's a chain, I'm rating it so that if you're in one of the other cities where Bar Louie is located, and it's the closest place to your hotel, you hopefully won't be tempted. There will be a better place down the street, guaranteed.Two stars because the waitress was prompt and the beer was cold.
2	Ok so bar louie I went there a year ago and it was bad, wait not bad I mean the women dressed like whores with side boob pouring out was hilarious to look at! ( I mean if you weigh that much I know its hard for clothes to contain you but then stay home ) On the other hand the waitress with track marks on her arm and 30 min between visits was less than stellar.  Either way the place was bad and now its closed but more hilarious is the picture I posted of " bar closed " written on a cocktail napkin, oh westgate aside from the scumbags that gather your no Scottsdale.  Btw extra star was for funny people watching!
