4	I am from back east and consider myself quite a "pizza snob".  I am real picky about the types of crust, sauce, and cheese used in a pizza.That being said... Fox's Pizza Den is one of the best pizza places that I have eaten at here in Phoenix!  What really separates them is their cheese, I'm not exactly sure what it is, but it's not just plain mozzarella or provolone... they use some sort of blend that makes a much better tasting piece of pizza (my guess is Romano).  Their crust is very soft, and from the few times that I have had it, very consistent.Don't be thrown by their cheesy name, their pizza is pretty darn good.
5	We just moved to Mesa and received one of those door hanger thingy's advertising this place.. We ordered the philly cheese steak pizza and it was amaaaaaazing!It was delivered to us on time, and was really reasonably priced.We can't wait to order from them again (and try a different pizza each time)
5	I have tried a lot of Pizza places in my life. and other then the pizza that I get from where I grew up. This pizza is by far the best I have had since then.If you haven't had them yet, I strongly suggest you do.You won't be disappointed.
5	Read about this place when looking for someplace new/nearby on Yelp, so signed up on their website and won a free medium pizza.  We ordered a small to go with it in case it wasn't enough for the two of us (myself and my 8 year old son) and the medium filled us up fine.  While my son will eat any cheese pizza and love it, I'm not so easy to please ... but this pizza was terrific!  The place has moved into the mostly empty Target shopping center on the NW corner of AZ Ave. & Warner, but it was worth the extra few miles to get such a tasty treat!  We will DEFINITELY go back there again. :)
4	I am a little finicky with pizza. I don't think Venezia's can be beat (for Arizona pizza).. Since bitches are crazy, and make you move out of the house you practically built for them... I no longer have a Venezia's near me. I moved to Chandler with eyes scouting for what could be my new pizza joint. Fox's Den caught them quickly. I ordered a large 2 topping pizza with 10 hot wings for pick up on a Wednesday. My order was 10 bucks! Now.. this is not the best pizza ever, but it kills your major pizza chain any day. I highly recommend trying these guys.
2	K.. I don't get it.  I go there every now and then.  I have only had the pizza.  It is a step up from supermarket frozen pie.  I like it because I like frozen pizzas... but I think the ratings given are a bit misleading.  It is "cost effective" and if I think this place might be amazing for stoners..  But if you are looking for high quality pizza this is not it.  I would however get it over the chain stuff.
5	I stopped by this place looking for something quick to eat. I see this place everyday on my to work. I had a Taco Wedgie and in a word: yuuuum!!!  Give this place a try. You will not regret it!
3	Seriously average, middle of the road pizza. Don't go out of your way.
4	I first found this place by driving by maybe a year and a half ago on some other errand.  I'll be honest.  I have NEVER gotten a pizza from here before.  However the stromboli's and calzones have crossed my doorstep many times.  They are VERY enjoyable, filling and not too badly priced.  $8-12 will get you a small, medium or large stromboli or calzone recipe that they have on the menu.  Build your own may cost a bit different, however.I wont say they're the best I have ever had, but they are tasty.   The tasty food and the pricing would have been a border 3-4 but the good customer service sold me on a 4th star.  They even deliver!
1	I've been ordering from this store for a while.  Today I figured I'd give em another shot.  Their customer service was good.  The order took a while, but was within their estimated time so I don't mind so much.However I will say that for the first time I felt let down by the food.  The Calzone was bigger than I expected (I wonder if they gave me a large rather than a medium, which would explain the cost being higher than anticipated) but it seemed all crust and salami.  I hardly noticed any other meats, the veggies were lighter than usual and the cheese was hardly noticeable.I called them up to let them know and, regretfully, there was no member of management available which was disappointing.  I was promised a callback and we'll see what they have to say.  Not sure I want to order something different all things considered (to be honest, I'd be pleased with a partial refund or something).Days later they never called me back.  I was disappointed.  The calzone was really bad, which is new to them, and despite the promise of a callback, it never happened.  I'd have forgiven them if a supervisor called me back like promised but alas....Bad experience, missed chance to make it up...Will I go back?  Maybe but it may not be for a while.
4	I love their pizza here, maybe not my favorite but its the closest to decent out here in lovely Arizona for the price. It reminds my bf and I of round table pizza in California.
3	It was okay.  A large pepperoni pizza with two canned sodas cost me $10.  Not bad.  The sauce is cheap tasting but the other ingredients mostly covered that up.  Super greasy pizza.  Service was quick.  Place was dead.  Not sure if I would return only because I can get the same quality and price a little closer to home.
4	I love this pizza joint.  When I used to live in the area, my wife & I ordered from there a good 2 times if not 3 times a week.  No joke.  I love Taco pizza and they make a good taco pizza that you can get from a personal size up to an extra large.  I love their Wedgies.  It's basically a sandwich made out of a folded pizza crust.  My favorite Wedgie was the Steak with green peppers, onions, mushrooms and provolone cheese.  the sandwiches were good too.  Nice and toasted with cheese baked and oozing.  Awesome stuff.  I used to order the meatball and the turkey subs.  The rest of  their menu is good too and they have ice cold Hawaiian Punch in a 2 liter.  Score!  Once in a while we will go back just to eat dinner or lunch for old time's sake.  Please Fox's open up more restaurants (Tempe is a good start).  Then I wouldn't be ordering the national chain pizza joints as much and exclusively go back to Fox's.
1	closed 07-13-13
5	Sadly this business has closed. :(
