4	This park is great for any wannabe star athlete. They've got several football fields (with goal posts), tennis courts, and soccer fields for any weekend warriors to get their game on. And, for post-game celebrations they've got a few grills and plenty of picnic tables to re-energize and recount that winning touchdown or goal.For kids, they've got two play areas (for toddlers and bigger kids) with slides, monkey bars, swings, a small splash pad, and plenty of other things that will entertain them for a couple hours.
3	Great park if you're into sports. Huge grass fields where you can play soccer or football. As well as many tennis courts. Many people bring their dogs here to walk them, but it isn't a dog park - so there isn't a section that's caged off or anything. Neighborhood seems safe enough, but I don't know if I would walk alone at night there. Playground is pretty big - and provides for a great arena to play capture the flag. Lights go off at eleven, and park cops will occasionally come by and kick you out if you're still there. I'm not a big fan of parks which do that. My friends and I like to play capture the flag here - and due to all of our varying schedules we can't meet up to play until about 10. It's sad that we have so many establishments that are open twenty four hours - all of which are usually bad for us. Fast food, casinos, etc. And yet - when we try to be healthy and active, we get kicked out.
3	Great park for sports. A few playground areas. Nothing really for walking or jogging.
4	This is where my son's flag football team practices and plays.  I would say overall it's a nice park.  It's clean and in a nice location.  The bathrooms are centrally located.  There are two playground options for my daughter to explore while bro bro is doing his thing.I have to admit I was a bit taken back by the amount of adults playing flag football on teams also while we are there. They were not right next to us, but in the area.  There were no physical fights, only verbal.  Those men are very serious about their flag football!
4	awesome tennis courts, on the down side they charge $3 per person for an hour
2	there is a dog park there if is really small and just has one run that why i do not go to that dog park because small dog's and big dog's sometimes should not play with one another sometimes i can cause trouble and the small dog's could get hurt
