5	So I didn't need anything fancy at all. Just a lil bang trim. Haha I tried doing it myself and I realized I'm not meant to cut hair...not even my own. Anyways, a girl in one of my classes has fab-u-lous hair -we're talking cut and color- and she recommended her stylist: Zoe of Euphoria Salon. I called the salon and left Zoe a message on Thursday evening. Friday morning she gave me a ring back and said to come in anytime Monday and she'd be happy to do my bangs. Came in Monday and was out the door in a couple minutes. Zoe is a total sweetheart. The salon is gorgeous and offers nail services as well. They carry Biolage, Redken, Goldwell, as well as a couple other brands (but no Bumble&Bumble :( ) I'll definitely be back for any future hair projects :)
5	I've been going to this Euphoria location for over 6 years. I've tried nearly all their services and most of the people there are skilled at what they do.  There are some (very few) bad apples. At this location, I recommend Yelena for nails.  She is very meticulous, so kind, and she always looks cute~! She has cute designs for nails, so I typically let her style whatever she wants during my pedicure. She showed me playboy designs that can be put on my toes... haha I might get those next.  She's definitely one of the best in that location...
5	I go to Ghada at this salon and she is amazing! I get an all over color with highlights and she does such a great job (also cuts). I even went to her after another stylist dyed my hair neon orange - and she fixed it just like that, good as new!They are always really professional and friendly. You go straight through the stylist to make your appointments. It is so hard to find someone who is skilled at color - especially blonde! You can't go wrong with Ghada.
1	I've had a gift certificate from a friend for Euphoria for THREE YEARS now.  The handful of times I call to make an appointment I always get various sassy receptionists who need to learn a thing or two about telephone etiquette that leave me so cold I change my mind and put it off till later when the need for a service overshadows the customer service.  In this day in age of this terrible economy and recession that pleasant tone and helpfulness can make or break a business.  I finally just broke down and drove to the other side of town where the Henderson location was much more pleasant.
4	I've been once on a gift card -thank  you hubby- and spent half a day there. Massage, facial, mani, and pedi, but like, best of the best they have to offer.SO it may have been one of the most enjoyable spa experiences of my life,where I roam in a robe and flat flip flops all day!! lolSadly, this was near five years ago and have not been back due to the totally high pricing.I've never been to one of the strip hotel spas (too cheap) but this place scores my highest as far as atmosphere and ambiance. Price is what kept this at four stars.
5	Be expected for this Euphoria to be pricey with their services, as I would expect most locations to be. However, I've had a hairstylist by the name of Victoria who did an amazing job by making me going from blonde to dark brunette, and then back to light blonde all over again. I was considering going dark for awhile, and when I did, I was very fortunate and happy I went to this Euphoria to do it. She was understanding, and did everything in her power to make my anxious experience of ditching my blonde for a temporary time a good one.Their technicians have extensive background experience in hairstyling, so I immediately feel comforted that my hair wasn't going to turn out a disaster. Their stylists are very in touch with getting to know you on a personal level and are very open to any questions or anxieties you have about changing your look. Also, they are very honest in their opinions: if they don't agree that something looks good on you, they'll tell you in constructive criticism. That was my reason for giving this place five stars: they are honest people who are not out for making a bang off your buck, but really listen to your requests and wants.
4	Well, I guess I am kind of biased towards this salon since my sister works here but I can tell you about it anyway...Upon walking in I am always greeted even though I do not have to stop at the front desk. It is very airy and open in the salon and there are many stations for both hair and nails. They also have waxing and other skin services. It is always clean in the salon and they have a small cafe in the front that serves excellent foods.If you are looking for an excellent cut and color my sister Shannon G. is great. I wouldn't go to her just because she is my sister. I also need good looking hair! there are also many other talented people who work here.
5	Very nice, well establishes salon. APRIL s the best nail tech I have ever had. It's worth paying a little extra to have someone who cares and has over 20 years of experience!!   April is the best!!
5	The salon is always clean and the staff at the receptionist desk is always friendly and helpful. My hair dresser is Britney Cooper, been using her for 6 years, she is a fantastic hair dresser! Anyone looking for a new stylist give her a call at Euphoria.
1	I don't want to even give this one star but my mother said they gave her a good shampoo so I'll do it. Plus there's not an option for 1/2. My mom and I went here to get haircuts but we didn't know any of the stylists so they booked us with whoever. My mom got Courtney. I got a girl who's name is Caroline. She had on hot pants, a sequined bolero jacket, wedge heels and so much makeup she looked like a clown. Courtney had on hot pants. There were other stylists wearing sundresses and open toed shoes. When Courtney cut my mother's hair it was so bad, one entire  side of her head was a full inch shorter than the other. I measured it. Now. I should have said no thanks when Caroline came out to get me cuz I thought it was a joke. But I didn't want to hurt her feelings so I went back. I told her only a trim there was no way I was letting this girl cut my hair in any way other than that. It was crooked in the back I realized when I got home. She also couldn't straighten my curly hair properly so I finished the job when I got home. $60 apiece. My mom was so upset by the terrible job on her hair she contacted Joe Lamarca who I believe is the owner. He said I tell those girls to dress appropriately but the don't listen....uhokay?! He told my mother he would send her a check and she could go to the Euphoria she normally goes to to get it corrected. This happened on 4-17-12 the check never came. I would NEVER recommend this place to ANYONE...unless I hated them. This was a huge disappointment and we will never go back.
1	Here for my scheduled appt and apparently my stylist decided to leave early. Would have been nice if someone had let me know. Waited as the manager and employees argued about whose fault it was and then scrambled  to fix it. Manager said she would have someone else help me asap... I love Russian roulette haircuts! This is the second time that my appointment has been screwed up. Last time my stylist went on vacation and when I showed up I got an "oops!" And yet another mystery employee to do my hair. I've never been able to see the same person twice. The stylist  this time was doing mine and another ladies hair so was constantly running back and forth. I was there for about an hour.... and got a mediocre 10 minute haircut. Will just go elsewhere from now on. For these prices they really need to get themselves together.
3	The First Day of Christmas...A very good friend of mine gave me a couple of gift cards to Euphoria that she said she was never going to use, so, being the good friend that I am, I relieved her of them.  This salon/spa is BUSY, or at least it was when I was there, a Friday afternoon at 3pm.  As for my massage, it was a 50 minute Swedish massage.  My massage therapist paid attention to the areas that I needed more work on, specifically my shoulders and back.  However, I must share that I've never had a massage where so much attention was paid to my scalp.  I mean, A LOT.  I could have used more of that time spent on my neck, shoulders, or feet, but she spent what seemed like ten minutes up there.  Other than that, it was a relaxing massage and I walked out of there with a smile on my face.
5	I had an Excellent visit with Jon Merritt who did my Color Retouch. I was bored with mycurrent blonde shade and Jon new exactly what shade to use. He was very experienced and very friendly and just the perfect Hairstylist. The salon was beautiful,we used the Boca Park location,and lots of professional products to choose from.  I will now make Jon my new stylist and recommend him to anyone. Thanks Again Jon....     Amy
1	Got a referral from a friend to a stylist here. She charged me with my short easy hair cut $20 more than my friend. NEVER going here again if their pricing is not set!
5	Jose Arias helped me with a bad ombre dye job and I couldn't have asked for a better experience. He was very polite and totally knew what he was doing. He's one of the few hairdressers I've met in recent history who actually cares about the quality of his work and won't charge you if you don't get what you want.The atmosphere of the place is decent, too. Mostly, I'm just giving the place 5 stars because of Jose, though. :)
4	Ask for Jessica!I've been to Jessica twice now and I love going to her. Very nice, personable and can cut in a straight line! (hey, I'm sure you all know how hard it is to find someone that can do that). So far I've only had trims to help my hair grow out, but I've seen what she can do on my friend where she had gotten highlights and a really cute cut, needless to say she did a really great job. I wish reviews with hair stylists wasn't based on location but the stylist, because every salon has their good and bad. At Euphoria, Jessica is definitely the good! Why only a 4 star you ask? Honestly Euphoria isn't my atmosphere for salons. It's really big and feels like they're just trying to cram in a bunch of workers. I prefer much smaller, more intimate setting salons. I go for the stylist.
5	I have been going to Shelley for years and she is simply amazing with hair!!! She is amazing with hair color and  extensions........ I would recommend anyone looking for a hairstylist to call the Boca Park Euphoria and ask for Shelley...My family and friends have been going to her for a while and really enjoy her knowledge and professionalism when it comes to your hair..... Call today and give her try.Thanks Shelley!!!!
1	NIGHTMARE OF MY LIFE!!!!I wouldnt send my biggest enemie here. I had MELINA cut my hair and it is the worst hair cut of my life. If you dont know how to cut an A-line, just say it. I repeated my myself and went back twice but still she just simply has no clue how to cut hair. I am warning you do not let her touch your hair. It would also be great if she could not dress like a hooker. I left in tears, and she charged WAYYYY to much money. It seems like when you're ripping people off like this you could at least dress nice.The only reason I would ever go here again is to take a dump in Melina's chair!
5	I would like to thank Shelley Hunt for giving me the most beautiful hair! My hair was so fine &broken! Shelley put extentions in my hair & they are great! Easy to care for &look so natural! I haven't felt good about my hair for years now I am in love with my hair!! Thank you Shelley!!
4	I'm glad that I tried again they said sorry about what happened I got my services the massage therapist and the nail tech was amazing, super friendly, they made me feel welcome
4	Shelley is truly a very talented individual! I was recovering from a butchered burnt cut and color. At a friends recommendation I took a big leap of faith going here to try and fix it. She did better than I had ever hoped. It isn't cheap, but is worth it. Next time, massage.
