5	BEST GYM IN ALL OF PHOENIX. Great staff, great new state of the art equipment. Great tanning beds, great hydromassage beds, great Red Light Therapy booths. All for $20 a month? AND OPEN 24 HOURS?!?! Perfect. LA Fitness and 24 Hour fitness don't even come close. And they charge more!
3	An ok place to workout. Some of the staff are pretty quick on their tongues and at times can be very ignorant. The place is always clean and for the most part, there are machines to workout with. But there is always that machine that's out of service and others that don't have the right screw or clamp (incomplete machines)... 3 stars on my scale...
5	This place is great. First of all, I have been a member of 3 different gyms in the area, all were okay, but were lacking in one way or another. One place was nice, but cost 60/mo per person, another place was cheap but you had to wait in line to do anything (including use a treadmill. Planet Fitness is where I recommend everyone going now. It is open 24/7, all new equipment, very clean, and very helpful staff. If you bump your membership to their "black card membership" you also receive access to massage beds, tanning beds, and Massage chairs (definitely worth the extra money)If you are on the fence on this one, go for it. You will be happy with Planet Fitness.
4	Great value ! This gym is great new clean equipment and it's open 24 hours a day !! What else could you want the staff is friendly and are always smiling. The message beds are great nice after a workout.
3	Consider it for what it is and you won't be disappointed.  Staff was really friendly.  Gym was in good shape, clean and newer equipment.If you're looking to lose weight this place is perfect.  However, if you're looking to build mass you may be limited.  My only complaint would be younger guys hogging  gym equipment.  I literally waited almost 15 minutes for a smith machine....A smith machine.  Felt like I lost all my pump by the time I actually got to use one and that was from 2 larger guys next to the kid that I waited so long for.Overall not a bad place to break a sweat.
4	Service has improved since the last time I was here...it's clean, spacious and most of the time machines are available.
4	Good staff not Mich interaction on my part though. I come to do cardio and absolutely. Clean and very courteous people. The nice part is the usual rush hour of 5 to 7 is not too bad at  this location.
3	The good: They do a good job keeping it clean, there's tons of cardio equipment and even when it's busy it's doubtful you'll have to wait. The machines are always in working order from what I can tell. The bad: The staff kinda doesn't care - when I picked up my card a few months ago, I was never offered any kind of tour or even a run-through of how to sign up/use the gym. When I asked the third time going into the gym about some of the features of the black card (like I want to use the massage chairs, hello??) they were dismissive and seemed irritated that I was bothering them. I found another PF near my work and use that one instead. This place needs more free weights or to police the curlbros, desperately. They let guys just sort of clog up certain areas of the gym for an hour at a time.
3	I couldn't find the place. Is it still in business? I'm really trying to find a gym that I don't have to spend $45+ a month on. And this would have been perfect.... seeing as how I only do cardio and I might want to try getting into lifting. If I could only find the place. The other planet fitness is too far away for me.
