4	I was pleasantly surprised by the very tasty Asian dishes. I started with the traditional wonton soup which was fresh and abundant. Then I ordered a chicken tori-Katsu Don at a very reasonable $9.99. The crispy chicken breasts were light, perfectly roasted and crispy. The rice and egg were a pleasant surprise as I scooped up a sweet sauce that was dribbled all over the rice. The service is personable and quick. We were served lemon water and a hot strawberry green tea. I know I will be back to try the rest of their menu especially the Yasai Tempura Rice, Special Braised Beef Rice, and Pan fried Dumplings. There is something for everyone. Cheers to the new opening! Or like they say in Chinese: GON BAY! Which actually means "Drain your glass." At one point in time, people in China actually expected you to drain your glass as quickly as you could. But nowadays, the Chinese Cheers! doesn't require you to drink it all in one gulp!
5	I been here a couple of times and will be going back again. The food is some of the best Asian food I have ever tasted. The meat is actually meat (I hope you understand my meaning). There is a wide range of teas which are very good. Everything is home made, and I am excited to try the brunch menu.
5	Second visit here and the food has only improved. The first time we ordered tea and appetizers (tempura plate and dumplings) which were both delicious and fresh. This time we stopped in for lunch. I ordered the peanut chicken with rice and my boyfriend had the spicy chicken ramen soup. We were both extremely happy with our dishes. Chicken was well cooked pieces of breast. The peanut sauce was delicious, creamy with peanut chunks. The noodles were by far the best part - chewy, stood up well against the broth, never got soggy and best of all, homemade. Highly recommend.
5	Attention!! This is a really cute cafe that just opened! Food is excellent, service is great, and ambiance is nice. I really recommend their rose oolong latte, I think it was the best tea latte I ever had...it was made not too sweet according to my request. Their baked goods are awesome too like the pastry puff that had fresh cream put inside when I decided to buy it. I had also ordered the salt and pepper popcorn chicken with rice and I thought the portion was really good, not too much food. I think this place deserves more exposure because I thought everything was really tasty.Perfect place to go for coffee, snacks, meals when you are in the NDG area, particularly near Vendome metro.
