5	Great people with excellent service and turning my beat up phone like brand new is totally awesome.  Will definitely come back. Thank you.
5	This is the best place ever!! I called about my iPhone 4S to be repaired. The front and back were both cracked, the gentlemen said no problem.  I went down there it was very reasonable to repair and was done in an hour.  Picked it up and it was like brand new.  Loved the service and I would go back anytime. Thanks guys!!!!
4	Took my iphone5s here after I dropped it and shattered the screen. Took about 20 minutes for the repair. Staff was friendly and so far no problems. Much better service than GoGadgets which is where we had our iPad fixed and it still has problems with the button not working properly.
5	My first time visit they are awesomeGreat service amazing knowledgeThey did fix my iPhone 5 in 25 minutesI'm so thankful client for ever :)
5	I took in my son's android tablet because of a cracked glass.  I took it in on a Saturday and was told it would be ready by the middle of the week.  The middle of the week came around and I received a call saying the wrong part came in so the repair would be delayed, but I would get a $10 discount for the inconvenience.  Another week went by and I received another call saying the parts still had not come in.  However, I was told that correct parts were guaranteed to arrive soon and for my inconvenience the repair would free.  I was very impressed with the way they took ownership of the issue and went over and above to make me satisfied. I finally received the tablet and it works perfectly. I highly recommend iPhone Doctor for you repair needs. and I will absolutely use them again.
5	Best service! Was told 20 mins.. Walked out in 11. Super nice and professional. Thank you Justin!!!
5	I took in my iPhone 5 and was in and out in 20 mins. $80 flat w cash. No wait, efficient, and fair price. I'd recommend them and would also return.
1	Don't take your phones here. I brought in my iphone yesterday to get the screen replaced. While they did a good job on the repair, there became another issue. On the way to get my screen replaced I was charging my phone in my truck. Well after the repair to my screen I can no longer charge my phone. I went in today to let them know about the  issue and said I had a bad battery. Well I just upgraded my battery 6 months ago I told the employee behind the counter and they did not have an answer for me. I told them my phone was charging right before the screen replacement was done as well. He took the back plate off today to check the connections and said it was the battery. Well when I left the store  I realized that there is now a purple spot on the screen that they replaced yesterday. Well there goes $39 bucks for shitty service.DON"T BRING YOUR DEVICES HERE!!!!!!!!
5	This place is awesome! I used to go to another iPhone repair store but this one is far superior! Justin helped me when I came in to get my 5s screen repaired. It only took about 15 minutes and it's just like new now! There was a little hiccup with the initial repair, but he fixed it right away and threw in a freebie to make up for the extra time. It took WAY less time than any other place I've ever been and their customer service is excellent! They are open 10-7 everyday which is great because other places I called STILL haven't returned my call to inquire about pricing, which is very affordable here. My friend referred me and I'm so glad she did! I will definitely send all my friends there and I will return if I every need such services again. Thanks!
5	My wife destroyed the screen on her Samsung Galaxy S3 a couple months ago.  She was adamant about waiting for an upgrade, but she uses her phone a ton and the cracks quickly became an annoyance.  I more or less insisted on replacing the screen for Christmas.  We brought it to iPhone Doctors (Wireless Doctors) early in the afternoon and it was ready for pick up before close of the same day.The phone looks brand new.  I'm not sure what else to say.  My wife is stoked and so am I.  Thank you very much and we will definitely back if/when we break the next screen.
5	Came in with my friend's mom's phone not knowing if there was any hope for it. Justin was very professional and quickly was able to diagnose the other problems with the phone as well. The phone looks fantastic and now has working buttons! Thank you so much for the excellent service!!
5	Thank you Justin for your help today! They had great professional service with my iPhone.
