5	Fast, friendly and convenient! Do I sound like a commercial? I HATE dealing with car stuff and I hate it even more when they tell you this and this is wrong or needs to be replaced etc. Anyways, Dino's was probably one of the fastest oil changes and smog checks I've ever gotten if not THE fastest. I was taking my car to the dealership and even with an appointment it was a good hour wait at least and sometimes even 2 hours. The prices are really reasonable as smog checks and oil change shouldn't leave you broke. The customer service was spot on. I pulled up and some one came over to help me right away. They took down my info and I was on my way to the waiting area. There are two waiting areas. One inside Dino's which is a bit small but you can walk 10 steps to the gas station and wait in that waiting area. This is where Demetrius had told me to wait since I had the baby with me and there was a kiddie table and chairs so she sat in her own chair which was more comfy for me. Demetrius had found me in the waiting area and told me that everything was done and I was ready to go. You get a free exterior wash with an oil change but I didn't ask if you could upgrade to a towel dry and vacuum. I'll have to ask next time because I know I'll be back. It's a bonus that they are open on Sundays too so next time I can send my husband out to take care of it. ;)
5	I can not say enough good things about Dino Lube. They were friendly, courteous, and quick! I received a free car wash too!! I highly recommend this shop!!
5	Always come here. Guys are super helpful. They offered to install my headlamps. For free. Thanks to mike, Mitch, and Demetrius for the great service. That's exact reason why I come back everytime. Also, they have military discount here as well.
5	These guys are fast and friendly. Although it's kinda pricey compared to their other competition sometimes I don't mind spending the money for my car. Demitirus the service guy is great and friendly, also not pushy, but honest as well. Will be coming back. Price paid $68 for full synthetic.
5	Fast, clean. Nice people. I only did smog test but what a great staff. I didn't pass but the employee explain to me how to drive the computer cycle ...Thank Frankie.  I PASS
5	My uncle recommended this place to me. It is only a few minutes from where I live. I've been here several times, and each and every time is a great experience. The guys at Dino are always courteous and kind. They smile and they patiently answer all my questions and concerns. It's tough being out there in the heat, but they still manage to have a great attitude. The line for the smog check was very long, so the guy that did my oil change went ahead and took care of it by waiting in line for me. The service here is also very quick. Great customer service is what makes a business, and this place always go above and beyond!
5	This is the only place I come for oil changes; it's just convenience that they're located right around the corner, but I would probably drive a few more miles to go to this place in particular. The rates for oil changes are competitive with other quick lube places, they aren't $10, but I'm also not sitting in a lobby for an hour and I don't know about you but my time and sanity are valuable to me. Besides, $68 for a full syn oil change is about right anyway. The guys that work here are super nice. They're not pushy like the gentlemen that are trying to sell you chip repairs. This is the only con associated with Dino lube- those guys will always flock to you. Given an option, I would always have my air filters changed by these guys, the price is on point (if not even a little cheaper) than buying the filters yourself. So if you value your time like I do- stop in and be back on the road before your coffee has had any chance to cool down.
5	Super Friendly and speedy service! You can grab a cold drink and a snack while you're waiting and they'll be done before you check out. They're also open on Sundays! Bonus!
5	All the reviews are true! Sometimes I read reviews on Yelp and find that the service or the experience is not what the reviews say. This time, all the reviews were true. Demetrius was very kind and quick!  The service I received was far above my expectations!  Highly recommended.
5	Demetrius and Mike with their pit crew is as it gets when it comes to quick and efficient service. It was busy when I walked in, but I saw that they not only took the time to greet each customer, but to explain what condition their car was in. When it came about to me, I thought I knew a thing or two, but was completely blown away but the extensive knowledge and background these oil gurus packed! I most definitely recommend this clean, well organized, and speedy lube hut for all lube jobs and lube job accessories!
5	I needed to get a smog check for my favorite time of the year, registration renewal. I never expect much out of these places and just wanted to go somewhere close to my house and cheap. Yelping the nearest location, Dino's popped up with a whopping 5 stars. I decided to come and see what all the commotion was about and this place really does live up to the reviews. Despite being busy, Scott immediately greeted me and told me where to park to get my smog check. One person was ahead of me but in the middle of checking on him, Scott came back to make sure I knew he hadn't forgotten about me. Super friendly customer service! In addition, the smog checks are only $18. I'll definitely be coming back next year :)
5	I wen't here for a oil change, prices were good and best of all was that the gas station near it had a restaurant in it! It only took me about 15 minutes to eat and by the time I was done eating my car was finished! Great customer service and this was one time I didn't dread waiting for an oil change. Will definitely come back here all the time now!
5	Friendly service and smog was $18.
5	Came to get my oil changed and they did a great job. I use to go to Jiffy lube by warm spring and Durango and the last time they didn't replace the oil filter since it still had my initials that I wrote prior to getting my oil changed. Mike and his staff here notified me that whoever did my oil change last damaged my skid plate and didn't return all the bolts cause only two bolts was keeping it on. Dissatisfied with Jiffy lube. Dino oil service has a great staff, informative, efficient, and the quality of work and service was great. Will definitely come back and refer other people here. Thanks Mike and crew, great job.
4	The mechanics do their job well, are helpful, and will provide a complete breakdown of all the services performed. I won't be coming back here because of the guy who was cross-selling windshield repair at the same time of the oil change. He offered to fix minor windshield cracks and assured me that my insurance would pay for it. Well, after getting off the phone with Geico who explained that my plan did not cover these repairs, he had already made the repairs. He now asked me to pay cash for what he assured me the insurance would cover. Don't try to hustle me man.
5	This place is awesome! I have nothing bad to say about their service! They always check my car thoroughly, they are efficient, quick and genuine. My fiance brings in his car here now too and loves it! They even do smog checks and warn you when your next registration date is. They're just really good people here!
2	I used to get my oil changes here. I've gone here for years, because it's quick and service was awesome... but the last time I went, the guy ringing me up said my battery was lower than low.. He said he was surprised my car is still starting, and that I'm in luck because they sell batteries. I told him no thanks, and to just ring me up for the oil change.. I headed down to autozone where they check your battery for free. They said that my battery was fine. That was almost a year ago. Battery still fine. They say it costs $65 for synthetic... But after all the fees, it comes out to $90+.. I now go to Island Auto where it costs me $52 out the door.Oh, I also got hit up by the guy that roams around trying to scam you to fix your cracked windshield.. After reading another review about this, I'm glad I said no.
5	Great, fast service. No wait at all and the staff was courteous!
