3	So I haven't been to a $.99 store in a while.  And I forgot about all the great deals they do have.  Times are tight for just about everyone and a good bargain is sometimes hard to find if you don't look in the right place.  So if you haven't already started looking here every once in a while you might want to start!  They have just about everything here, from plates and dishware to canned food. There is usually one thing you will find even if you aren't really looking.  So the next time you get a chance you might want to take a stroll through and see what you find.
4	I like this 99c Only Store. The employees are nice, they pick up the phone whenever I call with a question, and their shelves are always stocked when I go. The lines can get pretty long sometimes, but that is the case even when they have more than a few lanes open. Still, I wish they would hire more people to work the cash registers. Nonetheless, the store stays pretty clean. Ooh! Ooh! If you need stuff for holiday decorating (i.e. Halloween and Christmas), this place has an awesome aisle of stuff. And guess what? They are all 99c + tax.
3	Love coming to this store....some items I've picked up here recently:- Bubble Gum.   The good stuff you can make big bubbles with.- Hot Sauce.  There's some great no named Hot Sauce you can get here.- Hand sanitizer.- Eye drops.- Dish soap.- Shaving cream.....and much more.  I always end up buying random stuff on the way out....the Bubble Gum is a good example of that.  What the hell...it's less than a $1 right?!  Ha!Will I return?  You bet.
4	I know as a kid I was in the 99 cent store very often. I had a struggling mom when I was little so she would buy a lot of stuff here. I grew up and things got better and we went less and less. I've bypassed this for years and probably would have if it wasn't for an insistence of a friend. Fallen on hard times, she can survive on 99cents store stuff for food and products. Even though she is staying with us until she gets back up, she insisted we let her buy her own foods. It's amazing to me whenever someone can live on $10 of food for a week and that there are places that make it possible for someone to still eat well on so little. When I was a kid, they didn't have the produce, bread or refrigerated deli items, but if they did it probably would have saved my mom a ton of money. This branch doesn't have fresh produce, but according to my friend some of them do. This location was kept clean (I've been to ones as a kid with dusty shelves and crusty floors) and I always appreciate a fairly neat store.I was surprised at some of the brand name stuff I found so I picked up cleaning products like Ajax, various sponges, Reynolds Wrap foil, etc. etc. This is the same stuff that I buy at the store and it would cost $2-4 for the same thing that's 99 cents only here. Is it weird that it blew my mind a bit? I just didn't expect there to be good stuff and all just some random generic products that look a bit shady (though there are quite a bit of that too!). I think I need to go more often for those kinds of things...every little savings count when you live on the fringes of "making it" and not "in the money". There's loads of random, cheap looking junk that it's worth skipping and go buy a little bit more expensive counterparts for, but  finding Arm&Hammer Natural All Purpose cleaner for 99 cents instead of $3 a bottle which I go through like a maniac (on the occasion I somehow convince myself to clean) is kinda a gem.
4	If they have it it's only .99 cents. U can't beat it...
3	I came to get some diet Arizona iced tea.  It's the only store that sells it.  It's not the normal 99 Cents Only Store I go to, but it was close to where I was so I stopped.Check out was quite fast.  For some visits, it takes awhile, but they were on top of things!
4	I'm from Colorado and in the place I live we dont have this particular store. This by no means is your standard ".99$ store" ITS AMAZING! They have a variety of all different things, both brand name and knock off! I love to take my son here when he does good in school and give him a few dollars. What I usually get from here are the Reynolds pre-cut foil things, batteries, and a bunch of other stuff.Its always pretty clean and theres always staff around to help you find what you need. And theyre not jerks about it!!Go here and spend some benjis! LOL!!
4	This is definitely my favorite 99 cent store, as clean as I have ever seen for a discount store. The staff are always nice and even during the busy seasons, they manage to keep smiles on their faces. I really enjoy how much they have expanded their inventory. I have been a shopper for years and I stopped going for a while, not sure why I ever stopped. After shopping the other day, I realized how much money I can save, I feel like I was just throwing my money away. I still advise reading labels and knowing your products but for 99 cents, its totally worth the extra time.
3	I''m not a big fan of 99 Cent stores. My wife is though. This one is closest to our house. I sometimes get dragged along, though usually I'll go to Vons while she looks around here. It's pretty much like all other 99 Cents stores.
3	I'm not a big 99 cent store shopper. Guess I'm a snob. Now that I'm pinching pennies I'm going to Savers AND the dollar stores! I do wish they wouldn't call them dollar  or 99 cent stores when their prices are more than a dollar, though. I bought a four-pack of toilet paper, a two-pack of paper towels and one box of generic tissue and spent $13.00. This store was a typical smaller store- a bit crowded with stuff. It had plenty of brand name items.  During the time I was there I found the teenage staff to be standing in a corner gossiping, and the other one engaged in an activity for which one of the boxes of Kleenex would have been more appropriate than his apron. But I digress. I paid for my stuff without standing in a line and was in/out rapidly.  I guess shopping in the middle of a Friday has its benefits.
1	Rude cashier. So angry...should have gotten her name.  Will I go back?  OF course... That is one thing about these type of biz... people will return because of deals.
2	i feel like this one is so much different from others i have been to.  i am always confused about where to find things and it is hard to maneuver around because of disorganization and the long lines that run in to the aisles.  i do not really like this location but it is convenient for when i am on my lunch break.  i just have to allow myself plenty of line to wait in line...
4	Although they didn't have what I was looking for, I love .99 cent stores!
4	I almost don't want to do this review because I am afraid more people will catch on and take all my cheap coconut waters. But in the spirit of YELP! and all we yelpers stand for, I've decided to spread the news about this little find.Whatever you need, shop here first. I mean it (unless you need ice, then shop here last). Most of the stuff is .99 OR under. I bought probably 6 cases of chocolate flavored coconut water here. The big ones. the big NAME BRAND ones. The 1 liter Zico ones that I priced at the supermarket next door; they were charging 6.59 ON SALE for the same exact drink. But not 99 Cents Only Stores. I bought my choco-coco-h2o for, you guessed it, 99 cents.Theres really something for everybody here. Want to wash your car? Great selection of soaps and sponges and little lint free cloths. Like frozen foods? Banquet pot pies and frozen burritos and little yummy looking fruit pies and a ton more, most for UNDER .99 cents.Like canned foods? Yeah, good luck carrying all that bounty up the stairs to your apartment after stocking up on the beans and salsas around here.Eat sardines like a sailor? Knock yourself out, Captain Ahab. I bet you've never seen such a selection. And although I've discovered that the sardines packed in mustard aren't for me, I won't judge you for buying them in bulk.Like ice in your drink? Or are you like me and have a bag you rub all over yourself all the time because you can't stand this infernal climate? if you do, or are, then have I got news for you. A 7lb bag of good premium ice will cost you, that's right, .99 cents. I buy one everyday just to sleep with. Like a cool body pillow. Or a frozen corpse. Whatever.You write letters? BAM! All the stationary you can handle. You'll be writing letters until long after the USPS shuts down, which will probably be very soon.Throwing a Birthday Party? You're in luck. Everything you need right here.Throwing a Quinceanera? You're in even greater luck. I swear I once saw a pinata at this place, and you guessed it, it was .99 cents.Sweet tooth? All name brand candy .59 cents. That's right, I now have a trunk full of sweet tarts and abba-zabbas. And I ain't sharing.Let's see Walmart make me this happy. Impossible. Give it up to the new Royalty of Retail. And please, shop them first.
