3	Unfortunately, this is my regular grocery store. It's kinda dirty. It's kinda ghetto. But it makes up for this in two ways:1.) There are always parking spots close to the entrance, even when it's super busy. It's like magic.2.) BUFFEST GROCERY STORE SECURITY GUARD -EVER-. I have to check myself and make sure I'm not entranced by the muscles before walking into oncoming traffic. Kudos, man. It's like you've got a pair of toddlers clinging to your upper arms.
2	This place is old school.  That's good, because it doesn't make me want to spend more money than I have to.  It reminds me of the A&P store I worked at 26 years ago.  The deli has a good selection of meats and cheeses, sliced to order, and the service in the deli was very friendly (Christine ?maybe??).The lines are ridiculous.  I only shopped here twice and both times the wait was just stupid.  The second time was particularly annoying because I was buying one item and the self-serve checkout wasn't accepting my card (for $1.50), and so I had to go to the regular cashier.  They had NO express lanes, so I had to get behind people doing their shop for the week.  And the few lanes they had open each had at least 4 people in them.  Very frustrating.  Glad I don't have to shop here again.
1	This is by far the worst frys I have ever been in. I am a pretty dedicated frys shopper, however, this frys is gross and dirty. The checkout lines are always out of control long and getting through the parking lot without getting hit by a car or cart rolling by, is a miracle. Though it is my "home" frys I will drive 4 miles out of my way to go to a different one.
2	What can I say other than it's close to my house and they have some essentials I need.  The store is ghetto and the meat/seafood counter selection is just as bad.  The deli is the saving grace here as they have a huge boars head selection sliced to order and great cheese.The checkout lines are always a wait.
2	They close all the checkout lanes every night around 10pm and force everyone to use self-checkout. Some people aren't really bright enough to use these and the lines get very long. The place is dirty and the Target in the same shopping center is a much better choice, and Target has grocery now.
3	I read all the bad reviews (after I was already in the store) but I actually had a good experience here so I'm not going to dog it with one or two stars.I was in town for the weekend (Thursday through Monday) staying at the Camelback Inn which has both refrigerators and microwaves in every room.  My brother and I came to this Fry's to stock up on groceries.  I bought three types of berries strawberries, blueberries, and raspberries,  and they were all fresh and stayed fresh all weekend.  They had a good selection of both cheeses and crackers, too, and carried really yummy flavors of Greek Yogurt.The prices were all affordable, the store was reasonably clean, and the lines were not bad at all.  This store didn't do anything to wow me, but it was perfectly adequate for what I needed.  I don't remember anything skechy about my fellow shoppers or the parking lot.   Maybe I went on a good day?
4	This Fry's on Thomas has recently undergone a makeover, similar to the Fry's on 61 Street and Thomas. It's a big improvement, thank goodness. Now they need new, plastic shopping carts that don't squeak and restrooms that don't creep me out. Seat covers would be a start, pick up all the toilet paper from the floors...and wash all of the germs off everywhere!!  There's a cute little Starbuck's inside to the right and a seating area with free wi-fi.I always stop by the olive bar on my way to the deli 'cuz I love green olives.The checkout lines are too long for my taste. Frequently there is only one cashier open that isn't for express checkout. Last time I shopped I chose to do the self-checkout rather than wait in the long line. I had way too many items to warrant self- check out, though and probably won't put myself through that ordeal.
2	Yelp keeps bugging me to write this review, so here goes....This Fry's has recently undergone an extensive and well needed remodel. It looks much cleaner than it used to, but it's still a rather shady place to shop. The bathroom was absolutely disgusting! I told customer service and they said they would send someone. I have no clue whether or not they ever sent anyone to clean the bathroom, but I sure hope so!On my last trip there, some guy was walking around the parking lot begging for spare change so he could eat. I gave him the three quarters I had in my middle console. He thanked me, walked away and returned to my car window a few seconds later. Just as I was thinking he was greedy and back for more change, he knocked on my window with a bluetooth in his hand. It was mine! I had dropped it out of my purse when I was putting groceries away. I thanked him and immediately thought about my guardian angel. There was a reason that guy was in the parking lot.I had a difficult time finding things because they have moved products around in the remodel. I walked up and down the aisles twice looking for popcorn and finally found it. The checkout lines were long, but the store was packed so that was to be expected.  Luckily there were many cashiers available and several self-check out registers.
4	People always judge me because I go to the "ghetto" Fry's but seriously they do a great job.  Everyone is always so helpful and courteous to me and since the remodel the store has done a 180.  They have also increased their food selection since the remodel which is great.The part I love best about this store are the cashiers!  Always friendly and talkative and they are definitely characters!  It is refreshing to have someone talk to you as a person instead of just reading your name off VIP card receipt.
4	Okay, I've been back more than once and while I can't say I've fallen in love, I've certainly developed a little crush on the Fry's Food Store.  I visit Phoenix once every year and stay at a local hotel that has a microwave and refrigerator in every room.  I choose this Fry's to stock up on healthy food, both meals and snacks, while I'm here.  The produce is fresh and colorful, there is a wide variety of it available and it is attractively displayed.I stocked up on meat, cheese, soup, microwave meals, I was all over the store and every aisle was clean and well stocked with everything I needed to sooth all my hunger cravings.I'm upgrading this store's rating to four stars and I believe they have earned it.
3	Over the past couple of years, I've become very passionate for cooking at home. When I'm not eating out, I'm looking up a recipe on Epicurious, Chow or Food.com for a recipe that pushes my boundaries as cook. Lately, I've been working to perfect my ability to braise pork and beef. It is therefore very important to me to find the ingredients I want, since I'm working to pin down my techniques before I feel more comfortable experimenting with ingredients and flavors.This particular Fry's is my go-to grocery store.  I shop here for my daily necessities and usually start here when I'm looking to cook something up from a recipe. Unfortunately, as I start to diversify my cooking ability, it has become more and more difficult to find what I need. I understand that Fry's isn't really the spot for finding unique grocery items like baby artichokes, but it definitely has become frustrating that I end up spending 30 minutes looking around for what I need without someone in sight to assist, only to give up or find out that it is not stocked. It's a bit too after-the-fact for them to ask upon checkout, "Did you find everything alright?"In the recent past, I've started my shopping at Fry's and then worked my way over to other grocery stores for the other items. I've shopped for my other items at Sprouts, Whole Foods and AJ's. If cooking something extravagant, I may need to shop exclusively at one of those instead of splitting my time between Fry's and one of the others. Selection aside, you really cannot beat Fry's on price for a lot of their standard grocery items, especially meat and produce. Walmart and Target sometimes offers cheaper prices for canned, bottled and boxed products. I'm not a huge consumer of those, so I'll continue shopping at Fry's for my day-to-day items.
3	The fruit is horrible there but all the rest isn't the best but it's better. The only thing I like is the squash.
4	Honestly, after moving to Phoenix and reading the reviews on here I was surprised when I went to the store, it was actually clean the employees were nice to me if I needed help, mind you the "customers" are a different story, I haven't been there at night and usually since my condo is near the ghetto my first thought is not to go grocery shopping at 8 pm, I feel this place should have the 4 stars because for a "ghetto" store area it's really nice ( but I have seen way worse areas then this so to me in the daylight this isn't very ghetto)
3	I only shop here because of their fuel perks with Shell Gas Stations.  This location is okay, by far the best in this neighborhood.  After dusk, there will be a security guard post here, not really sure why.  They have good alcohol beverages selections.  Food was okay, fruits and veggies are fresh.  Lots of dairy selections too.
4	I went to this Fry's on Friday the 1/24/14 and I was there to pick up 2 veggie trays for a party at work. I picked up 2 veggie trays and fruit juice poured out all over my slacks and I was upset. I asked to speak to a manager. Now remember I said veggie tray not fruit tray, so when I explained this to a manager who finally arrived he said he was not sure why that happened and was going to find out what and how it happened. So in the mean time Jerry Cruz the manager wanted to know what he could do for me, and I suggested he pay my cleaning bill but instead he offered to purchase the different trays I decided to buy. Thank you Jerry for making it right for me.
1	This place is the dive bar of grocery stores. Congrats Fry's! You popped my 1-star cherry.It is only due to my current boycott of Target that I brought my business to the Fry's next door. This decision was based on principal, but I have to say I have missed Target.  When I walk through the front doors I just feel miserable. The 'energy-saving' automatic lights make me seize. The narrow aisles make me claustrophobic. The overall dinginess consumes me. I'm suddenly overwhelmed with an anxious feeling similar to when I brought a bad report card back to my parents. Or when I had to confront an ex-gf's parents about why the Pennsylvania State Troopers were calling them at 4am. My pace quickens. My pupils dilate. The lump in my throat expands. I try to gasp for air, but the weight on my chest suffocates me. I feel lethal; on the verge of frenzy. My mask of sanity is about to slip. Sweat beads down my back. My aggressiveness becomes visible. The curmudgeon at the self-checkout grunts at me. Darkness comes over me...I reemerge 36 hours later with no semblance of reality. Fry's is a catalyst of my psychosis.
5	This is a super classy Fry's! They have a Starbucks, nice floors and lighting, and a natural foods sections, which I love! Healthy and organic shopping is becoming a lot easier to do at Fry's. Great deals and savings on milk!
2	This Fry's is just around the corner from my home. Unless I'm taking my husband's grandma shopping (who also lives right around the corner) here, I avoid this place at all possible! I much rather drive a couple miles to another Fry's. What really turns me off is the clientele and it just feels... dirty.
4	A great store. The prices are reasonable. The employees are efficient and helpful.
2	Im not sure what store Ana S (below me) was shopping at but this store does not have a Starbucks and is not deserving of anything more than 2 stars...and the 2nd star is mainly due to its location to where i live. I have pulled up and seen homeless guys sleeping towards the east end of the building. More than once i have been approached in the parking lot for spare change. The security guards i have seen look  like they just were dropped off the short bus. Now lets go inside! It seems as though this store is not as well stocked as the two stores closest to it. The deli staff is either retarded or trained to be rude and stupid. The whole feel of the store is "dont touch that it looks sticky". If i need something quick it is the obvious choice....otherwise i drive the extra couple of miles to go to the one on Camelback and the 51.
1	First off FRYS you need to treat your employees much better especially the employee I seen that was being talk down to because of his age. Let me paint you a picture of what I seen and heard. I went there and was behind an elderly gentleman carrying his little bag with his lunch he was limping and had on a Frys apron. He went to the front manager and asked him if there was a department he could work that day because he was just not feeling to good. It appeared he was just asking for that day. The front end manger replied, "I am not sure I don't know if you know how to do anything else. I just need you to pick up the speed where you are know before I consider anything else. I know I was nosing in his business but it was very heart breaking and degrading at the same time. Let me tell you something Mr, Front end Manager this elderly man is probably the last few of his kind that knows how to work and I am sure worked his tail off. Do NOT ever talk to that generation with anything but respect and kind  assistance where you can offer it. That is if he even allows you because that generation never looked for handout and that is why this gentleman is still working and packing his little lunch to show up for work and not call in like many would or I am just assuming with your company maybe that will be your excuse to let him go. So after listening to this and no it was not my business but I am sure half the things anyone witness in public is not anyone's business but we still slow down to see the wreck. So I proceeded to get my $325.00 of groceries at your place when I should have walked right out and drove down the road. I went isle to isle and as I neared the front another female front end was barking out orders to the checkers yelling right in my ear. Yes, I looked at her and gave her one of my signature looks (Are you serious what is wrong with you) type of look and she continued to degrade the front end employees. However it must not have had an effect on these two clowns that checked me out. Because they were laughing at other people with disabilities and bagging my groceries like they were tossing rocks in a pile. Now let me gentle remind you FRYS without your customers you are nobody and word of mouth travels so fast and as you know all the advertising on billboards cannot compare for a bad experience and a woman that will make it her job to inform the abuse this elderly man took on this day. I was never going to step foot in this store but that is wrong to complain -and not do something. So every week about 2 times I make it a point to check to see if this gentleman still works there and that he may be treated a little more kinder. SHAME ON YOU! for allowing these putz kids to act like idiots and the little feeble elderly man that apparently needs the job and comes to work to make the best out of it is treated with such degrading words and gestures. I wanted to reach in my purse and give him his wage for the day and whip on his apron and show your little store what compassion really means. But I figure this is a generation with great pride and it would do nothing more than make him feel worse. Mark my words! If I ever have your front end manager yell in my ear as I pass by or witness your employees show this man any disrespect you will hear my opinion yell right back and you know those people who holds signs and marches in front of your store well there is a truck full of worker down by Home depot that I can get together that you will see my opinion loud and clear.
1	There's always parents @ this Frys, who make  their kids scream &cry. I shop here, ONLY cuz it's close & cheap.    Within the past 2weeks, I got hired @ this Kroger Store (didn't even work--& got fired! cuz I have Epilepsy)  ...A few Thursdays ago, I got told by hiring manager, Holly,  "we have ur new-hire-paperwork, u start training Sun&Monday!".     Monday, I got a call from some1 in a Colorado area code, who claimed to be a "doctor-in-association-w/Frys". He said I was positive for marijuana--I told him, yeah, I'm disabled & have a (legal) medical marijuana prescription for my Epilepsy in AZ. The Colorado-"doctor" told me, I might not get hired by Frys, cuz they don't hire people w/this medical prescription!!  On Tuesday I still had No call back from Frys (eventho I was supposed to have worked Sun & Mon). I went to Frys & asked Holly, "Oh, I don't have a job? Why didn't u call me?".  Holly, kept saying that I didn't pass some form of screening test.  How come this hiring manager said I WAS HIRED?!
4	I feel like I gotta make this a 4 star review to offset all the others.  It seems as if this Frys has fallen victim to the 'Yelp Snobs'.  I go here at least once a week.  I've never thought 'this place is dirty'.  It's not.  At all.  It was recently remodeled and the floors, shelves and produce are all clean and in working order.  Ive never been in the bathroom tho, so I cant speak for that.  It seems as if people like David W. haven't even been here.  Yes, there is a Starbucks inside this location.  There is actually a fairly nice lounge area by it too.  Free Wifi too.  Wells Fargo has a full branch at this location as well.  I would describe the clientele as 'gritty'.  Yes, every once in a while you will be asked for change in the parking lot.  I've been asked for change in many cities and many stores.  Some have been in extremely nice areas.   Never once have I held it against the business or city I am in.  What a weird reason to give less stars.  I would rather hear your experience about the goods you purchased, not a tirade about drifters in the parking lot.  Nobody cares about your minor inconvenience of saying 'no' to another human being. I have for the most part had great service here.  I get in and out very quickly.  There are usually a lot of lines open and there are 6 self checkout stations.  Ok, now for the negatives.  We have had a few issues with some produce we purchased here.  We have purchased a couple bad onions.  I hope Frys reads this and gets a new onion supplier.  Sometimes produce items are out of stock.  This is a very busy Frys and seems to churn thru their product fairly quickly. There is a good amount of produce they do not stock.  Maui onions and crimini mushrooms come to mind.  No real seafood selection.  I go to AJs on camelback and 44th for that.
2	Ehhh I don't really like this place.
3	I'm conflicted on this location. On one hand, they are very close to home for me. The store is relatively clean. The service is ok. My main concern is the very limited selection of organic food. I would rather buy my organic food here, but often have to get it at the much more expensive Whole Foods. Pity
1	Horrible customer service. They always sigh heavy and act like anything you need is a burden. Great prices but if you have time go to a different location.
2	I really enjoy birthday cakes and I have to say that Fry's can make a good cake. In fact, when put in front of me next to a similar cake from AJ's, I cannot tell a difference (since I am not a spring chicken anymore, I have had many cakes from both places, although I do love AJ's).  My mother recently purchased two cakes from Fry's: a black forest cake and a Napoleon cake in honor of my birthday.  During the birthday song, I plucked off some blackberries from one of the cakes (hush, it was my birthday!). When the lights came on, I was a bit horrified to see that the remaining berries were covered in white fuzz.  I am very very certain that this fuzz was not sugar, but MOLD.If you are going to sell a cake topped with fruit, it is very important to use FRESH fruit, or just abandon the concept and put chocolate on the cake instead. I mean, it is a cake, not a tart, and everyone likes chocolate. Or, how about a fruit-shaped cookie or fondant molded into the shape of a strawberry?   Needless to say, I survived eating the moldy berries, and apparently the taste was well-masked by super sweet frosting. But Fry's Bakery, please take note of this because putting moldy fruit on your otherwise pretty cake is sinful, disgusting, sad and offensive.
5	This is my favorite grocery store....  They always have what I need..   The staff is friendly & always willing to help :-).   I will be back
1	Overcrowded market. Nothing worth a crap. Overpriced with no real selection. Dirty as well.
