3	Layalena is a real nice spot to come and smoke hookah and relax. My girlfriend and I used to come here on a regular basis about 6-7 months ago. They have a pretty nice selection of shisha. We always end up going back to the rose flavor though. The hookahs they have to smoke out of are very nice and easy to pull through. There is usually someone there who's job is to keep the coals burning on your hookah. I've only had hummus here as far as food goes, but it was pretty good. We received a decent sized plate for the price and lots of warm soft pita bread to go with it. I usually get drinks here. They're a little overpriced, but they have a nice selection of top shelf liquor, and the pours have always been more than stiff. The three star review is because the last two times we've been in, the service seems to have gone down hill a little and it seems like the Scottsdale bug is starting to bite this little spot. Hopefully things are improved next time we go in
3	Because Layalena is the closest and most centrally located hookah bar between me and my best gal, we meet up here about once or twice a month. Like all other valley hookah bars, poor Layalena has been reduced to forcing us tobacy smokin patrons out to the patio.I remember back in the day when you could sit for hours sucking away at the tobacco pipe on the floor surrounded by pillows. Now you get stuck on patio furniture. It's okay Layalena, it's not YOUR fault. Hopefully you get heaters on said patio so I don't freeze to death. What I don't like and IS your fault is that you never have the tobacco flavor I want and I am always reduced to getting something second rate. In addition, you really only serve four wines and twice you have been out of what I wanted.I guess the service is a little above average for a hookah bar, but I still feel like it takes 20 minutes to get anything and I feel like the hookah cashes out a little early, but whatevs. The food is good. A little overpriced. I normally get the sampler plate. The baklava (sp??) is realllly good.I would love to sit inside and watch the bellydancers shake their moneymakers, but I am banished to the patio, so I watch admiringly from afar until I have to go into the bathroom.
1	tried to go on friday night but it was closed. looks like they were booted by the landlords
