4	Don't be discouraged by the sometimes awkward layout and the sheer number of people; PA is worth it. This grocer has great produce, great butchers on-site and have some of the best prices in the city.
3	Came in here around 5 pm and the narrow aisles were filled with people making it difficult to navigate through the store.  We found what we were looking for and got out.  Lines moved pretty quickly and they had what we needed.  I hate tight aisles because I get a little claustrophobic but I realize it's a supermarket in the city.  They're limited with their space.
4	Love this place.Tiny, well located and great prices. It's a nice mix of people shopping and there are many items that are hard to find elsewhere.The only downside is the produce are not always that great, but if a box of Kumato tomatoes costs $1 and it's normally $3 to $4, you kinda know what to expect.The lineups at the cash move pretty quick and they deliver, which is a bonus
4	I have a love/hate relationship with PA.  On one hand, it's tiny and cramped.  I don't even bother trying to go in around meal times, it just isn't worth trying to contort myself between all the people shopping, as well as trying to stand in line for the cashes amongst the aisles while people trying to zoom through the line ups with their shopping carts.  And when I do go outside of peak times, they are restocking and there are boxes everywhere.On the other hand, PA is pretty awesome.  The prices are excellent and they have a good selection of produce.  The cost of produce is easily half to a third of what it costs at big box type grocery stores.  They have good meat and cold cuts.  They have weekly specials on odds and ends that are excellent value, little extras like cookies or hummus or fancy pasta.  I once compared lemons I bought at PA to lemons I bought at Provigo for double the price: the PA lemons at half the price were double the size!  The staff actually know how to pack a grocery bag, which is so important when you have to walk a few blocks home with it, and don't want to end up with crushed eggs and smushed bread.
5	This store ROCKS!We were staying a few minutes walk from here and shopped at this store almost exclusively for 2 weeks. It's small and usually packed (do NOT go after 4pm) but the selection, turnover, quality and prices cannot be beat. AND they deliver. Amazing bulk nuts, fruits and veg. Lots of dairy including goat yogurt and kefir (which normally in Montreal you have to buy at the "bio" stores which always cost more), organic chicken for about half the price of other bio stores, and cocobliss ice cream!! Oh and i almost forgot the cheese...mmmmmm amazing cheese selection. The staff are super friendly and helpful, especially given the volume of people and the crowded environments. Best grocery spot in the hood.
5	Oooh, the NEW STORE is so nice! So much bigger and cleaner and organized. This is the BEST place in the city to get your groceries (whether at the downtown location on Fort or at the Parc location). Super affordable food, HUUUUUUUGE selection, and really cheap delivery! Finding this place is really a lifesaver if you use public transport only. Never carry groceries home again! The delivery is really reliable, too - if you don't get your groceries within an hour or two (which is unusual), you can just call them up and see what's what. They're very friendly and helpful. The only time our grocery delivery was late was because the poor delivery guy's car broke down. We gave him an extra tip that night. Honestly, Montreal has really cheap food in general, but PA takes the cake - you will never spend so little on groceries and get so much goodness. They have health foods, ethnic foods, tons of great produce, lots of local options, fresh baked breads, and I could go on and on and on. Anytime I've ventured to another grocery because I thought that since it was a little closer, it might be easier, I was disappointed either with the price point or the selection or the quality of goods. Seriously can't beat the PA!
