2	A group of seven girls, headed out for a night on the town before our best friend gets married.  So yeah, we're all dolled up.  Thursdays was definitely the WRONG place to stop first.  We intended to hit the club there,  but unfortunately we arrived too early (it was like 9:30pm...) so we just opted for the plain old bar area.  We were certainly the black sheep.  It seemed like everyone at the bar was staring at us as we ordered.  They serve no martinis, no long islands.  Luckily I enjoy beer so I just ordered a bottle of Molson and got a shot of SoCo.  It was quite expensive, especially considering the exchange rate now makes the Canadian Dollar worth more than the American Dollar - sheesh.  After a few minutes of some of the pickier ladies trying to figure out what they could drink, I watched the bar-back rummaging around in the lower cabinets behind the bar.  He successfully found a bottle of Apple Martini Mix.  So Apple Martinis it was.  And we left after that.  I could tell the locals already hated us.  The greatest part about this place was the breathalyzer test on the wall.  I wonder who really uses it and doesn't just abuse it?  I guess it's a smart thing to have in a bar, but had we made this a later stop in our search for libations, I'm sure we would have enjoyed playing the "who's more drunk" game!
2	A group of friends and I, hungry for a late dinner and looking to avoid arguments over what kind of food each person wanted (7 people in total) wandered into Thursdays on a Saturday night. Unfortunately, we had completely forgotten that it was Valentine's Day and the place was packed. I can not imagine why. The host assured us that we would be seated within 10-15 minutes. I guess that was 10-15 minutes Montreal time, but in Boston time it was about 25. Whatever, they were nice enough about it and 25 minutes isn't too bad when there is a bar to sit at and drinks to be had. After 25 minutes, we snaked our way through the restaurant which started to resemble a casting for "Real Housewives of Orange County". After sitting down, I took a look around and realized this was middle-aged, MILF-wannabe heaven. These women looked more fried than the calamari and the men more pruny than the pickles served de gratis at every table.Ordering was very painless. The waiter was careful to take the ladies' orders first. The service was neither stellar nor poor. We were clearly a number that night, but it would have been nice to have faster service when it came to drinks. The waiter would pass by the table quick enough to get one drink order in, instead of asking us all at once. Oh well. The food itself was not very appealing. I ordered the shrimp in garlic butter and was pleased with the quantity of shrimp, but the meal itself was not very tasty. The garlic butter seemed to be just butter and the rice it was served with had no flavor. I don't think it was worth the 20-something dollars I paid for it. Looking around the table it seemed as if most of my group felt the same. Most plates were unfinished. We passed up the dessert menu and left. I don't think I would go back, except maybe to hit just the bar as the bartender had an excellent (read: fairly heavy) pour.
2	The food and drink here is nothing to write home about. The service could definitely be brushed up on too.. a round of drinks took 20 minutes, 10 for them to even acknowledge our glasses ran dry, and another 10 to deliver them. That being said they were able to seat 7 of us without a reservation on Valentines night in about 20 minutes. There was plenty of room at the bar and drinks to be had while we waited. The decor was not over the top for Vday, which we appreciated... and the waiters were sure to always take orders from the ladies first, also appreciated. In a pinch this place was there for 7 tourists looking for a bite before the binging began, but I wouldn't recommend coming here on purpose.
3	Went here for some casual drinks.  This place was in the bottom of our hotel, so it made it very convenient if you wanted a quick bunch of drinks.  Other than that, the crowd seemed a little off???  Strange customers....including one guy profusely sweating and biting his fingernails looking at his watch????????   Ummm??
1	NO!!!!! I went here with my cuz and her aunts thinking I was going to get a great Montreal club experience that I've been hearing about for ever. NO NO NO!!! I DO NOT LIKE TOURIST SPOTS!!! It's the local spots that are better. It had a turning dancefloor, it was so crowded AND the boys just grabbed me to dance. That's wrong. You ask. NO never ever again.
1	Wow, what an interesting mix of people in the crowed.It was like walking into a bar that time forgot. OK, I don't really know what that meant. Anyway, my boss brought me here with his memories of younger days (he's only a little older than I), once we walked in, I saw his face change from one of excitement to one of "where-the-heck-am-I?" We stayed mostly because Thursdays is in the Hotel we were staying at, but I must say, if I could have run screaming from this place, I probably would have.
3	AMAZING decor, good service, LOCO happy hour, ok food.I love the way this place looks. It's like a pristine gentleman's club from the 30s (all dark wood, hammered brass ceilings, four separate bars on the main floor, all rimmed with different kinds of glassware hanging overhead, low lighting)... unfortunately, it's kind of run like it's a college-town frat club... which isn't the worst thing when you've already found your way to touristy Crescent St, BUT, the contrast between the bar itself and the menu/clientele is a little disappointing.The potato chips (fried up with onion) and the chicken wings were pretty great, though the wings are served with grocery store salsa, blue cheese, and Kraft bbq sauce... a little uninspired. There ARE free mandarin oranges to take during December, which is nice.The happy hour is 2 for 1 on almost everything! that's insane! and my party of three made short work of it: beer, mixed drinks, and shots... all 2 for 1!!! love it!  BUT, all their liquor is poured through an electronic measure (1.5 ounces), which means you can't get a cocktail made that isn't a recipe of equal parts. That seems really stupid to me. When do they ever expect to serve a 1.5 ounce shot of Chartreuse that's sitting on the top shelf? Makes no sense...excellent service, charming, and a super fun happy hour during the week, but given that the bar is clearly aimed at college dudes in from Toronto, I'd HATE to see this place after 8pm or anytime on the weekend.
1	Do not come here for food. We were in the area traveling on business and were looking for places that were still open where we can grab some local grub. We ended up waiting 45 minutes for our food, which arrived at our table as we were putting on our coats to leave. The fries were cold. The sandwich sucked. The service sucked. Everytime we wanted to follow up with her on the status of our meal, she totally avoided making any eye contact with us. I love how the waitress served us the best when she was waiting for us to fill out the tip line on the check... don't ask me what I put.
2	Stopped by around 10 and got some drinks with a bachelor party.  It was pretty crowded and there wasn't a cover. However the drinks were pretty pricey and the bartender was pretty rude.  A lot of bachelorette parties passed through but there wasn't a dance floor on the level we were on so people basically just stood around.  It had kind of a Bennigans vibe going on.The dancefloor was a floor down but it was $10 to get in and looked dead. We went elsewhere and had a better time.
2	So I find myself in Montreal for a short trip back to my favorite city in North America... I heard about this place from a friend who used to hang here in the last century, we had a mutual acquaintance who actually was in this town and in this club for the better part of a decade and who actually moved here for the night life action.  A picture of this place should be in the encyclopedia next to "Meat market"All touristy bars in touristy cities have one, and I guess in Boston the equivalent scene would have to be one of the bars right in Faneuil Hall.  A place I have hung out maybe three times in my life.But my first reaction was exactly my reaction when I walked into Mardi Gras in Cranston, the crowd is the oldest one that I walked into in Montreal for this trip, and the impression was that a good amount of the men were locals waiting for drunk tourist older women to step into their lair.  So after paying my ten dollar cover charge, took a quick circle and left to check out St. Laurent Avenue.
3	All I have to say is - all you can eat lamb on Wednesdays.Well one more thing, they give you free cheese with the bread.I had their duck; excellently done, in a nice thick gravy. I imagine most restaurants in Montreal have it down, but Thursdays did a good job for the $16 I shelled out. Good place to drink - very loud and Italian about it all. As I was leaving it really occurred to me just how big the place is. There's just a load of staircases, and a different bar/restaurant or some sort of a congregation of people at every level.
2	Sausage fest. And the quality of the guys in there- drunk, creepy, sloppy DBs. EwwwwwwService was also terrible. The servers were snarky and slow
2	I met some clients here last night for a pint.  Wasn't my choice, but hey...It was as expected, super crowded, drunk dudes everywhere, and took forever to get and pay for a drink.  To be fair, it was packed, any place wold take that long.I only stayed for one drink before I moved on, left my customers there to party the night away.
5	Great for brunch. Very relaxed atmosphere.
1	Maybe it's the whole Hotel de la Montagne that i don't like...but Thursdays is one place I try and pass on for me.  Anytime someone I know suggests it for a 5 a 7, which surprisingly is often, I try and get out of it, unless I really have to go.The main floor is tolerable (briefly) for drinks and for the price of the 2 for 1's, but the dance 'club' is disgusting.  The clientele is just horrible, like 60 year olds that should not be wearing what they are wearing.  The dredges of society seem to gravitate towards this place.  The fact that you also have to pay to 'experience' this is even more bizarre.  There is also a revolving dance floor, don't know why that is a cool thing to have...?One saving grace on the main floor is that there is a guy serving hot dogs in baguettes, all dressed if you want, for just tips during 5 a 7.  They taste good too.
3	Good and bad Depends on the night you go sometimes it will be interesting and fun sometime it will be so packed that there is hardly any place left ... Cheers,Eric Van Nguyen
4	I don't get why this place gets such bad reviews. Maybe we re the dbags reviewers r complaining about. Dinner: the lamb rack was delicious, tastier than the ribeye (which was good but I've had better). The lamb could've done without the bread crumb or whatever crusted layer IMO, but still it was delicious.  Server was very friendly. The snails were pretty awesome too. We got free cover to the club downstairs afterwards. The club in the basement had a rotating mini dance floor, which was VERY corny but I liked it nevertheless. It lets u be a wallflower while giving the semblance that you're dancing or doing something.In Summary: Montreal is great, but it's no Vegas.
1	Food took a long time and small portions. Place just re-open but need to get things together!!!
5	I first went over two years ago. Nice bar with good food. It was a little dated and old.Tonight I went back and it looks amazing. They remodeled the entire place. It is bright and beautiful inside and out.You have to try the Calamari. It's unlike anything you have ever tried. It's a European twist on something so common and it tastes amazing. The French Onion soup was very good as well.For the main dish I had Clams, with scallops, shrimp and risotto. Our table shared Fries and the richest Mac and Cheese I have ever tasted.Definitely a slow food restaurant. Take your time to order drinks and appetizers before your mean. We sat on the patio and it has a wonderful view of the city.
1	This is the worst place you can go to. It's a racist establishment, that essentially shits on you if you are not white. Last time, which will obviously be mine or my friends' last time at that shithole, the bouncer (after letting in a couple of shabby whites in) looks me up and down and asks should I let you in? I asked him to go fuck himself and walked away. I suggest you do too.
