4	Friendly staff, quick service. The new store employees make an effort to engage each customer. Same jimmy johns food, but in a fresh new spot. Clean, good food, reasonable prices, go in late and get a good deal on day old bread.
5	I'm a huge fan of J.J. and am thrilled that this little shop has opened here. Their quality  is great and I bought 4 sandwiches and was out the door in a flash.
5	Really delicious and they deliver.  I have plenty left over for lunch tomorrow.  The sandwich was perfectly made and the pickle was the high quality deli kind.
5	This location NEVER disappoints me. They really are freakishly fast here! Every delivery I get is with a smile and friendliness. My food is always correct. Nothing is ever forgotten. Coworker's food is always labeled correctly. The veggies on the subs are always fresh. The pickles are amazing! (Who else offers three ways to order a pickle?? whole, halved or quartered) I will definitely keep on ordering. :)
1	I came here yesterday and had great service. Sandwich was great. Service was fast. But today I came here again and when I got to my car I noticed that there was no cheese in my sandwich so I went inside and asked for a couple piece to put on it. Max, a short Hispanic male worker, was at the register and started asking me for my order details then my ticket number. He started pushing buttons on the register for about four minutes, making a few pieces of cheese a huge deal. When another customer came in he told me to step aside and he will have to keep looking for my ticket so he can charge me for the cheese. I told him to just charge me then. He was very rude with every word that came out of his mouth. There were several other employees there that told him to just hit the cheese button at which point he snapped at them and said, "don't argue with me!"  I couldn't believe the disrespect, to me the customer and to his coworkers. This guy has no business being in customer service. He should be moved to the back to wash dishes if he can't handle being polite. After he snapped at the coworker, another one put two pieces of cheese in a sleeve and gave it to me. She said she was just going to pay for it.  I gave I've star for this restaurant based on Max. If he gets removed from here then I will review my rating.
5	Jimmy Johns is solid. Much better quality than Subway. Great bread and super quick. They'll deliver just one sandwich if need be. This location is awesome and everyone there is super friendly.
4	Every time I've been there it's been a pleasant experience. However,  I went on Saturday & got the cheaper of the Italian subs (I'm not cheap. But I'm not paying over a dollar for a piece of ham. Maybe if it was Boars head). Anyway, I asked for light mayo & the young lady repeated that. Sadly, she put A LOT of mayo on it. Honestly if I had said "extra mayo", she would have had to use a shovel to put it on. I'm not exaggerating. Her version of light mayo was 2 or 3 scoops (or whatever that utensil is that they use ) full of mayo. Not to mention the bread was hard. Then, once my sandwich was finished, she stood there with it in her hand talking to a co-worker about 3 feet from me. All while waving it around while I stood there waiting for it. Since I don't consider this a "bad" experience,  but rather a learning experience  (the light mayo issue ) I will go back again. It's reasonably priced, fast, & like most people would agree, better than Subway. Just make sure that if/when you want a "custom" order that you pay attention. (Remember. They got sued in a class action law suit & lost. For misleading & then over charging customers)
2	I guess if they state in their name they are the best you will believe them. Not true. Good bread makes a sandwich and this bread does not. It is tasteless with a hard outer shell. Then the only sandwich shop I been to that charges extra for cheese so they can price point the sandwich to look like a better value. So, sorry to say I won't be back.
