4	What a lovely nail salon!I found Cutie Nails in my strip mall next to the grocery store.  I had seen it a couple of times before but never when I needed a pedicure.  I finally had the chance to check this place out before my weekly grocery run this week.  And good news, I was pleasantly surprised by what I found at Cutie Nails!First off, there was no wait at all!  They were staffed appropriately, so as people walked in, there were enough people working to handle it.  I really appreciate this fact because I have been to a lot of places, on the weekend no less, and they are always understaffed.  I hope it remains this way on future visits.Second, the chairs you sit in are actually comfortable.  The massage chairs aren't all worn out like many other nail salons in town.  The bowls where you put your feet are nice and clean and well taken care of.  I love when everything is nice and clean because I am so not down for some nasty infection!Third, the people working are friendly.  No one was yelling at the other workers in a different language and having their own conversations.  The staff talked with you directly and made you feel welcomed.The prices are reasonable and along the lines of similar nail places.  The pedicures start at $25 and go up from there.  I only had time for the $25 pedicure and it came out great and included a hot rock massage.  Ahhhhhhh, I love those hot rocks!Another bonus is the frequent customer card they give you.  After 9 visits, you get $15 off any nail service.  Not too shabby in my opinion.Overall, this is a great nail salon and I will be back!
4	This place was lovely! I don't necessarily enjoy trying new nail salons, but when the one I go to closed, I decided to go to this one since it was closer. I didn't get my nail technician's name, but he was fabulous! He gave me such a nice massage before my manicure started and made small talk with me the whole entire time. He did exactly what I wanted and when I accidentally messed it up, he only laughed and said "it happens" and did it again for me with no complaint. The price was a bit more expensive than where I usually went, so if it lowered down, then I'd probably give it a 5!
1	I came here because the nail spa in the next shopping center was ridiculously expensive. I live in CA and I can get gel mani pedi for $45-50 before tip. Here I paid $55 for gel nails and regular pedi. I'm pissed about it but I'm going to a wedding in a few hours so it needed to be done. Anyway, while my nails were being done 2 women and a man came in as a group. They had all just finished getting pedicures and the younger girl was pissed cuz her feet looked terrible. I didn't get a close up look but it made me relook at mine and I could have done the same work myself. Long story short, the three left without getting manicures because they were so unhappy with their pedicures. I just finished and I'm looking closely at my manicure and I have dead skin all around my cuticles still, which is the main reason I get my nails done anyway. My ties have small amounts of nail polish around the nail and cuticle and I feel like he didn't dig deep enough to get all my dead skin off. I'm really unhappy, if I could give 0 stars I would. The 1 star is for their color selection. Other than that their work and customer service is HORRIBLE!DO NOT GET YOUR NAILS DONE HERE.
1	Get a daycare or babysitter. Your clients do not want to hear the baby that you thought was appropriate to bring to work run around and scream and cry. Not a good environment for pampering!
2	I've been coming here for over a year and I at first I loved it but lately my experiences have just been getting worse and worse. The staff rushes. I'm not paying them to rush, I'm paying them to make my experience worthwhile and to be satisfied. The staff won't listen to my requests and will decide what THEY want to do. A few have serious attitudes and will make snide and rude comments. Yesterday, I took my mom and myself to get a pedicure. The lady kept hitting my moms foot when she wanted my mom to move, but wouldn't speak directly to my mom. With a pedicure you're supposed to get hot rocks massaged on your legs and feet which my mom always looks the most forward to. My mom unfortunately has psoriasis and the women is too afraid of my mothers skin condition wouldn't even massage them for her. Now for myself, the lady who did mine kept clipping at my big toes and I'm certain I'll be having ingrown toenails because she kept on cutting them and picking at them. I knew my toes were fine because I went there not even a month ago and they trimmed them for me. I left them alone during that time so I knew they just needed a quick clean up, not her butchering my toes. As well as her paint job was absolutely terrible and disgusting. She didn't clean up and made my French tip uneven. In fact I told her I wanted a French tip but I wanted the tip to be gold, not white. But she wouldn't listen to me and went on to do a white tip with glitter on top. Overall, I regretfully will not be coming here anymore which is unfortunate because it's right down the road from where I live. But I won't be spending a pretty penny on a place that does such an unsatisfactory job.
5	Under new management... Jenny has been doing my nails and always does an amazing job!!! Great new owners and always a great experience!!!
5	This place has a new owner and is great! They've completely remodeled the interior - new paint, etc. and it's very clean and inviting. The new owner, John, and his wife Jenny, are there almost every day and are very focused on customer service. They offer you a bottle of water each time and they have a ton of new gel colors. They even have a pre-matched color selection, so if you want to get gel on your nails but regular polish on your toes, it's automatically matched for you. If you had a bad experience here before, I'd encourage you to give them another try. It's really a nice salon.
1	The deluxe, hot rock treatment is lovely but it has no value if the basic part of the pedicure -- the nail polish -- isn't done well. The nail technician skipped the base coat. When I brought it to her attention, she didn't understand and had to have a translator. Both then told me it didn't matter and the polish application continued. Well, one toe nail had lost all polish within a week and 10 days later, not one looks good. I could have done this at home and gotten far better results.
5	I saw the review from Matt R and felt I needed to leave a review. My daughter and I were there when Matt was there and his statements are completely untrue. This is the best salon I have been to since the new management rook over and Jenny in particular is the BEST. Matt was loud and obnoxious the entire time he was there. He was trying to get all the women to go to the OG where he dances. He completely ruined any relaxing experience we went for. The other women were rolling their eyes as well. He was bragging about making $600 in 4 hours the night before. Yes it was $5 for a nail buff and we were like just pay the $5 if you made so much. At no point did the owner raise his voice at Matt. Matt told Jenny she did a great job until it was extra for the buff. He did call her stupid before he made a scene and stomped out. He was looking to get something for nothing and deserved only to get kicked out. I don't blame the owner for not giving him the free buff,  he would then just keep coming back. Great salon great people. Don't let Matt R keep you from coming here.
5	Cutie Nail Salon is very clean, and well decorated. John was been doing my nails for years and I am glad he has moved to this salon!! Everyone is friendly and professional. The prices are reasonable and they have many color choices for gel manicures. You will feel very comfortable and relaxed at Cutie Nail Salon.
1	Horrible customer service.  I called first thing in the morning to make an appointment for a pedicure for 4:30 pm.  I arrived at 4:30 and was told my appointment was for 4:00.  I explained I didn't get off work until 4 and made it an appointment for 4:30.  The owner, Jenny, said it wouldn't be too long of a wait.  After 15 minutes I left highly disappointed.  Completely disappointing since I have been a customer since this salon opened.  Will not return after this awful experience!
5	My daughter referred me to this nail salon John has been doing my nails. He does a great job.Everyone is friendly.No problem getting an appointment .
5	I come here often for the pedicure, gel manicure, or eyebrow wax. I ask for Lena if she is available but everyone that has helped me here has been really nice and professional. They always make sure I am relaxed and comfortable and will bring me water before I even ask. The pedicure is very long and luxurious, they really take care to make sure you are pampered. My nails always look fabulous after I've been to Cutie. The decor is pretty and serene and the shop is always immaculately clean. They have a couple if TVs too if you're in the mood for that. There are a ton of options to choose from if you want to match your gel polish to your toes. I will never run out of choices! I will keep coming back here again and again even though there are other places closer to home. It is worth the trip!
5	Had THE best time at Cutie Nails! I walked in right before they closed and still did my fill! I had Lena! She Rocks! She is funny and creates a conversation :) I loved that! The decor of the salon is just that, Cute! My nails looked Great! I got lots of compliments on them. She talked me into the Gel. It was a pricey, but it did last a long time. I can't wait to go back! Thanks for the great service :)
1	Just walked in the see how much it was to get done and the young lady was rude about the whole thing no hi hello how are you how can I help you just what can I get you really I didn't care about the price cause my feet hurt but she made me just say forget it and do it myself, don't go here!!!
5	Kids pedicure by Lin. She was so sweet to Isabella. Ada was a sweet lady as well and did an amazing job with my gel nails. Under new management. So they have happy hour special. Plus a rewards card for returning customers. They where not pushy or trying to rush us out the door.
5	This salon is very convenient as it is right off the 215 and Cheyenne.  The staff is very friendly and the salon is kept very clean.  John has been doing my gel manicures and pedicures for over a year now, and he does a wonderful job and is very efficient.
1	Extremely disappointed. This was THE WORST manicure and pedicure I have ever received. The establishment itself is fine--no complaints there. The customer service was great. The actual NAIL TECHNICIAN was AWFUL. I wish I knew her name so I could warn all of you. I asked for a French tip gel manicure. pretty standard. she couldn't do the white part right...very uneven with terrible shape. I got so frustrated going back and forth with her explaining why I didn't like each nail...I have up and just picked a solid gel color. My nails literally look like I painted them myself sitting on my bedroom floor with a blindfold on. never again. wish I didn't have to leave a bad review to the whole nail salon but if they are employing terrible technicians then get a manicure here at your own risk.ps--had to have her fix my toes twice because the polish was spotted and not solid all the way through (brush strokes visible) again--super disappointed and a huge waste of my money.
5	This Nail Salon is under new ownership and is awesome. So don't pay attention to old reviews. Jenny and her husband the owners remodeled the whole salon and the place is immaculate. I get my nails done by Julia or Jenny and they are both awesome. The most important thing to me is a clean shop and you will get this here. I also like great customer service which you also get. I would highly recommend this Nail Salon.
5	I've been coming here for pedicures lately and finally decided to try the cutie gel pedicure. It's pricy and I was skeptical but it's so worth it! It lasts over an hour and has cool gel to soak your feet for 10 minutes, 3 different scrubs, a cooling mask, and paraffin wax at the end. I can't get it every time but it was great. The "east meets west" pedicure is really good too. I've never had my nails done here but I love the pedicures.
5	This salon was very immaculate! Super clean & very sweet people here. I usually go to another place and couldn't fit me in, decided to go somewhere new and was very impressed by the salon, and service. Jon was the one who did my nails and I loved them! Did exactly what I asked and more! I would definitely recommend this salon to any of my girl friends.
5	Luv my new nail place! HIGHLY recommend! The have the best gel products and decor is trendy. They do an excellent job with excellent customer service! 5 Star!
5	Love this place!!! Great service! Pedi! Much needed!!! A deluxe pedi w/ an amazing massage! Oh how I needed this!
5	Love this place!  Their spa gel pedicures are the best!!  Love their massage chairs and hot rock massage!
5	Lynn at Cutie Nails gives the best massages ever!! She takes her time and makes sure that you are completely satisfied with the color and are happy with your pedi. I really enjoyed this place. It was quiet and easy to relax. The chairs are really nice as too!
3	I've had two gel mani/pedi dates with my girlfriends at this place. One of them recommended it to us and goes here all the time so I want to like the place and give it more stars just for the cute space it's in. The first time I went I was impressed with the decor. The nail places I've been to in the past haven't been this nice and clean. They also gave me a bottle water.The technician I had on the first appointment didn't speak English well. I tried to ask her name but it was difficult to communicate with her so I let her do her thing. The entire time I was given a free show down the front of her shirt, which was embarrassing for me. I'm not a prude. I guess I've just been working in the professional world a long time. She didn't tend to my heels or do the massage during the pedi, but I did get a brief hot stone rub on my calves which I'm not used to but enjoyed. She coated my nails three times with gel because the color was light pink and she was meticulous about getting the nails right. Which is admirable, but I could tell she was new and I don't have two hours usually to get a gel pedi while someone is learning on me. She also clipped my big toe cuticle a little close and the blood dried with my gel coat. The dried blood stayed there until the next pedi. You can see it in the picture.The second time I went with my girlfriends to this place I asked for a different nail technician. This time I got a lady named Hope. Her English is better and she was very friendly and chatty. She did a good job on my pedi. She tended to my heels and did the massage and a longer hot stone rub which I really liked. My only critique would be for her to work on shaping all the toe nails better. For my mani it was nearly perfect except the color didn't cover the entire nail to the cuticle. I didn't notice it until three days later when I saw the growth that looked like it had a been a weeks worth already. My nails don't grow that fast. It was very noticeable with the dark brown color. The gel mani lasted 2 - 3 week before it peeled off but had the growth near the cuticle look for two and a half weeks which isn't right. The gel pedi lasted a month like the prior time.Getting a gel mani/pedi will run you $83 at this place and with the standard 15-20% tip you're looking at dropping $100 on each visit. Both times I went the nail technicians told me my toe nails are too small. When I'm paying $5 a nail it's probably best not to complain to your customer that their nails are too small because they're only getting a dab of color. Instead continue to work on your nail craft by shaping each nail well and covering it entirely with color and don't skip tending to the heels, or giving the massages and rubs with hot stones, and be sure to give bottled water. We like all that very much in such a beautiful place.I'll be back with my girlfriends hoping to rate it higher each time.
5	Very friendly, clean and comfortable environment! Thank you, Hope for being so patient and helpful with my indecisiveness!!! So happy with my gel mani!
5	First visit today and the service was great. They did an awesome job! Everyone was really friendly.  They have different choices of pedicure and that was nice. My daughter also did the Gel nails. We were impressed with everything. Would like to try some of their other services in the future. They also have stamp cards for return visits.
2	2 stars young lady Hope was very pleasant and helpful. ..they have no clue how to be fashionable with nails, at least my long ones and the shape, I had to file my own nails. Very poor on cleaning up your nails,  don't no if it was I'm so spoiled but I just moved here from LA, I always get my nails DID. ..lol got  dud here
4	Great service! Clean! Will come back next time I'm in Vegas! Really enjoyed the hot stone massage.
