4	How to write a review for a burger shop:Offer some background: Flame burger is the newest burger concept to hit the valley. We're up to our ears in burgers people! Located in the now defunct El Pollo Loco in the Target East Valley strip mall, is the latest burger joint to focus on flame grilled burgers with various topping options at their topping bar. When you walk in, the place has a diner look complete with umbrellas. Flame Burger uses Niman meats, now I know some of you that know me, know that I am a vegetarian so how the hell is a vegetarian reviewing a burger shop? lol Well they had a veggie burger thank you so I could eat there, and my partner eats meat. Anyway back to the story err... review. According to their website, Niman Ranch is composed of small U.S. family farmers who are dedicated to raising their livestock under "the strictest protocols," using "humane animal raising standards" to make the best tasting products. The animals raised "naturally" means: never given hormones or antibiotics (ever for reals), fed a 100% vegetarian diet (me??), raised outdoors on pasture or in deeply bedded pens. "Humane animal care" means: livestock is raised outdoors, livestock always have access to fresh, clean water, and livestock are able to express their natural behaviors. Translation--Tasty meat. Food: (all their sandwiches are named with the word 'Flame' in front of them') Like we're at the forefronts of hell and this is the devil's choice of sandwich or something. Like I already mentioned they offer a veggie burger, they also offer a turkey burger, chicken sandwich, gyros, salads (Greek, Caesar, Garden, Flame), kids meals, breakfast burritos, Ciabatta sandwiches, cheesecake, flan, Chicago Red Hot dogs and sausages. They use waffle fries but also offer chili fries. No alcohol, only soda  sorry guys.Pricing: About the same as most fast food joints-$5.00 for the Original Flame (includes burger, fries, and what appeared to be a large drink), $5-7 for all other combo meals including the other meat options, doubles, dogs and gyros. Single sandwiches $3-5 (incl. doubles), break burritos $3-4, Ciabatta sandwiches $3-4, kids meals are $3 and dogs range from $2-4. Altogether pretty affordable. Our total after tax that left us very full was $14.19.Pros for me-if they can make a veggie burger taste like a real burger, they're all right in my book. The bun was toasted and grilled, they use a nicely textured patty that tasted like a turkey burger not with all that chunky crap I don't like, the fries were crispy and salty. I felt dirty eating this meal like a regular carnivore, instead of light and airy. I felt like I should be eating this in a seedy motel before returning home to my wife and trying to explain away the burger essence.My partner said his burger was "groin-grabbingly good!" jeez way to embarrass me honey, now I have to write that on Yelp. They offered excellent friendly service even though I showed up in my oversized, red nerd glasses with my "I'm a hot mess" with the pancakes and the melting butter graphic on it t-shirt on. They still smiled at me. There is ample seating and plenty of outside seating even though it is still too warm to do so at this time of year. Cons-too greasy like all burger meals to eat often. This place needs better signage since it is hidden away in a rambling strip mall that doesn't really have that many businesses in it. They do not offer cheddar as a cheese. Side note: This place just opened this week, also has drive-thru.
2	There is nothing special about this place at all. They charge you $.75 for "fresh jalapenos" . First of all they aren't fresh, they are pickled.  Second they have a condiment table where u can get your own pickled jalapenos and easily throw them on your burger just like they did. Now for their cheese. I will not eat a burger without cheese, but their cheese was so bad that I rather eat the burger plain. It tasted like watered down Kraft American cheese singles.The lettuce in the burger was limp, had no crunch, no flavor, it was really dark. It did not look appetizing at all. The meat was ok but I think it was a little over done. The only good thing I have to say about this meal was the fries.
2	2 words for you.. FIVE GUYS... Best burger ever.. Flame burger not good. The bun was soggy... The burger flavorless.  The waffle fries also soggy.. Maybe they should change their name to soggy burger! Not impressed. Five guys is the place to go for Amazing!
2	Flame Burger? More like Lame Burger. This restaurant operates in what was an abandoned El Pollo Loco, and not much effort to clean up the dirt left behind has been made.. The sidewalks are filthy, and for as new as this restaurant is, the dining room isn't much better. I tried the Chili Burger and an All Beef Hot Dog. The burger patty was dry, and kinda crunchy, not very substantial. The chili was made of.. ???? and basically tasted like salt water. The hot dog ($2.29) was not very substantial, but was of decent quality, and tasted alright. The iced was very far from fresh, and a switch to Diet Coke wasn't much better.. very watery. The staff was friendly, but they don't really seem to have it together.
2	I feel bad for this place in a way because I have a feeling that they are not going to be around for very long. While the service was fast and friendly, the atmosphere was cold and the food was subpar. I ordered what I thought was going to be a Chicago dog as that is what it was called but it didn't come with any of the Chicago dog toppings (mustard, celery salt, peppers, pickles, tomatoes, hello?!?). It was a simple small hot dog with ketchup, mustard, relish, and onion. This was the kind of hot dog I would make at home. The waffle fries were decent but the sauce they gave me with them was not appealing at all. It had a funky color to it with a funky taste to match. My co worker ordered a gyro and was disappointed. She said that the meat tasted like it was frozen and then warmed on the grill. We were thinking it would be freshly sliced gyro meat. I don't remember the prices being overly high but they were not good either for the amount and quality of food you got. In any event, this place is kinda depressing and I would not return.
5	Everybody that knows me will tell you the tI love a great burger. I love them even more if they are cheap!That being said, I have to give a big tip of the hat to this great little burger joint called Flame Burger.I saw this place pop up on a channel 3 segment high lilting the arrival of Flame Burger to the SE valley and the burgers looked great. All fresh ingredients and I love the cross cut french fries.So off I went to Flame Burger the next day to try them out.It was a great experience. the meat was of good quality and all of the add on ingredients were crisp veggies and soft fresh bun.They also have a little seasoning on the meat that is kind of like a peppercorn seasoning. It kicks up the heat just a tad and adds some flavor. It was really, really good. The meat patty was also like a 1/2 pound and more than adequate size, almost too much.There is also a sauce they make there that's like a southwest spicy ranch. Good with the fries but what I did was put the sauce on the burger and it gave it a great spicy juicy flavor.I like to compare to In-N-Out because they also use fresh ingredients and have the system down. I have to honestly say this was more burger and better for the same amount of money.If I had to choose between the two, I would go with Flame Burger.Go try it out!~Stew Keene~
3	I just heard about this place from a friend and he said it was pretty good. I figured a Monday afternoon was as good a time as any to swing by and give it a go.I like the appearance of the place although I'm trying to figure out what the deal is with burger joints and red and white checkerboard patterns. This eatery was clean and well laid out. The restroom had a very nice sink.The burger I had was very flavorful and the fries were super tasty. Threre were two problems I had with the food. The first was that for the relatively few people they had in the place it took a while to get my food (although this could have been because of the prep process). The second was that they forgot to put tomatoes on my burger and when I brought it up to the guy behind the counter he didn't offer to give me a few slices.I will be going back and hopefully if they get the tomato issue worked out I can bump my rating up a star or two.
4	The tomato problem was remedied although the slice was a little thin when I ordered a Flame Bacon burger. The burger was still pretty good. I came to the conclusion that it takes a little while for the burgers to be ready because of quality controls in the preparation process.
1	New place. Thought I'd try it. Signage is bad. Hard to tell if they're even open. Couldn't order at the drive through. Employees outside smoking, they were open, but no interest in taking my order. I always worry... if you can't even bother to take my money, how much effort are you going to put in to food safety, etc? No thanks.
1	Walk in to one employee outside smoking and another coughing up a lung at the register.  Condiment bar was dirty and ketchup dispenser was broken and coated w crap.  Call the health dept!
2	Probably would have been good but the 10 minute wait in the drive thru with no cars ahead of me was ridiculous. I don't know what I was waiting for considering my burger was still moo-ing even though I ordered it well-done. Gross. Not going back.
3	Finally had my first taste of a Flame Burger Factory burger.  I have mixed feelings about my experience.  The man taking my order sounded knowledgeable about their product, warm and friendly.  At this point, I'm feeling excited about the Flame Guacamole and Flame Chili burgers!  After I pull up to the window,  The girl at the window seemed nice but, wasn't sure what I ordered, asking what drink I wanted...(When I hadn't order drinks.)  Ok, that's not a big deal. She gave me my total $11.45 without repeating my order...I asked her to, just to make sure.   Then, I began to notice during the long wait, what she was wearing:  an off the shoulder scoop neck top showing her pink bra...and no hair net...I'm wondering if that's their uniform?   That's when doubts start to creep in about food quality...Oh well, can't judge a book by it's cover, but can't help but start to worry that the food will not be the best quality.  (Ok, waiting now for 5 minutes or more, no cars in front of me.) But, I'm expecting to wait a bit longer, since the burger's getting flamed.  But, the guy in car behind me was getting antsy.  He tried maneuvering his car to squeeze passed me in drive-thru!  Finally, the girl opens the window and hands me my bag. I think she said thank you, can't remember...but, I let her know the guy behind me was getting upset at the long wait...she said, oh and closed the window.  Overall, the burgers tasted pretty good.  I liked the spice in whatever sauce was on the Guacamole burger, but wish I asked to have the guac on the side.  My little one, couldn't hang with the spice mixed in with the guac.  The Window Service & the drive-thru Wait, not so good.  It's probably better to order inside & eat there, instead of driving the food home.   Even a few minutes and the burger gets cold and the chili burger soaks the bottom bun within in seconds...and you need a knife & fork to eat it. The portion size of the burger was nice and filling.  Though, I'm not sure if this experience created an instant craving in my tastebuds to come back again soon.  The last time that happened was the first time I tasted Smash Burger.  Yep, this place falls a bit short for me...and makes me long for Smash Burger.OH and they don't take AmEx .
4	Going to flame burger has been like becoming a father for first time.  I got to watch it grow inside the hulk of a defunct El Pollo Loco, first with minor remodeling and a new layer of paint."I wonder what it will be.... A filiberto's?  Another  (fill in the blank)bertos?"Soon I would see life stirring inside of it.  "Oh look Chairs... could it be a Chinese restaurant? Guess we will have to wait and see."Then the first signs..."A FLAME BURGER!!!! IT'S GOING TO BE A FLAME BURGER!!!!!  Wait, what's Flame Burger?"Then the news...Friend: " its time....Flamer burger is here... It's finally open"Me: "Ok....What...... What?.....Its time?  Its here? .............Ill get the bag."I was so excited.  I was going to eat at Flameburger!! After watching grow and show its first signs of life, it was finally here.   I got to see it open its doors for the first time.  I got to see it take its first customers. I got to see it have its first issues as a restaurant.  I got to see it make its first friends. I got to see it have it first issues with people not liking it.  This might just be a proud father talking, but Flameburger has turned into a quite a respectable little burger joint.  They make a good burger and they have their own special twist on a sauce. They also may be a burger joint, but they have a great Chicago style hot dog as well.  The best I have had since my many drunken trips to Wiener Circle in Chicago. (On a side note: If you ever feel like a fast and smart white person Weiner Circle will swiftly and brutally beat that thought right out of your head.)Today I feel like flameburger has finally become a man.For an extra effect go and play Cats in the Cradle by Harry Chaplin and have a good cry. You will feel better afterwards.)
3	I came here today because I wanted to check this place out and try something different.  I wasn't sure what to expect, and I have to say, its not half bad.  The menu itself is not huge, but they do have a nice variety of options.  Burgers, Gyros and hot dogs are the main staples here, and I think they even have a few chicken sandwiches too.  I like that.I went with a burger because that's what I wanted.  It came with fries and a drink, and I have to say, its not half bad. Not life changing, but definately not half bad.  The fries were a little over cooked, and the guy said that if they were to overcooked then he would whip me up another batch. I'm not a huge fry person, but they were okay.  They also have a little salsa/hot stuff bar here so you can add on jalepenos and other stuff to make your burger super hot if your interested.If I'm in the area, I would probably go again.  Prices are reasonable, and I think they have a drive through too.
5	Possibly the best burger I've ever eaten.My brother hyped up this restaurant and I was dubious.  Never the less, the Original Flame fully delivered, being incredibly juicy and flavorful.  It was also quite greasy, but in a less offensive way than traditional fast food burgers.  The waffle fries (my favorite!) were crispy and perfectly salted.We also sampled the chicken nuggets, which, unfortunately, were highly lacking.  I was expecting full breast meat tenders, but we got dinosaur shaped pressed meat (not unlike the ones they sell at Costco).  I believe these are a temporary item to be replaced soon.  But they were highly disappointing compared to the sheer awesomeness that is the Original Flame.The facility itself was only slightly lacking, with tables that needed a bit more wiping down and a condiment and cutlery table that was in slight disarray.  Still, the staff was incredibly friendly, and the food was prepared lightning fast.I will definitely be back for another Flame burger, though probably not too frequently, as I could feel my arteries tighten shortly after my last bite.  Burger greatness comes at a price, but is undeniably monumental.
4	Not a bad burger. I believe the management has received the previous reviews and made changes. I don't typically go to burger places unless it's places like Five Guys, where I've been to the original in Arlington, VA, however for the area, this is not a bad deal. Bought a coupon from Amazon Local. Enjoyed a burger and fries with my wife and sat in the restaurant. They could clean up the ketchup bar a bit. For the price and value, it was a good burger and fry experience. I'd go back.
5	I just learned about this hidden gem recently and decided to give it a try.  I love a good burger and this place rocks.  I drove all the way from Central Phoenix for this burger.  The decor is very lively; it is red, black and white.  An added plus is the coordinating modern restrooms.  This place fills a burger niche that is needed.  You are able to get a good sized grass fed burger without having to commit to a 1 hour sit down meal and $25.00. Where I live I can only get a burger at a dine in restaurant or a classic drive-through.  I LOVE this place. Now the food:  The burger was cooked perfectly.  I like mine med-rare to medium.  The extra toppings and the secret sauce were yummy as well.  The bun was not soggy as someone else said and the place was very clean.  The fries were cooked just right and slightly seasoned.  The price was more than fair for what I received.  Did I mention FRESH AND GRASS FED?The menu had a lot of burger combos to choose from as well as hot dogs.  I am definitely going back for a hot dog and will try to make room for the cheesecake.  I heard it is outstanding as well.  What I liked most was the fact that a couple of the owners were there and helping out.  They seemed very hands on and just all around good people.  I hope they expand in the very near future and a location lands close to my house in Central Phoenix.
3	Good burger but fries need help.  Would be so e z to make it great
2	This place has potential, but I don't think they will do what's necessary to achieve success.First of all, they really need to pay attention to the jalapeno bar area. When I was there it was barely stocked and messy as hell. The ketchup dispenser must have exploded at some point because it was all over the place. The fries were well seasoned but overcooked slightly. Not a big deal because the seasoning was good enough for me to look past it. The burger though was the worst part.The burger was well done even though there are signs hanging that indicate all burgers are cooked medium. It was stone cold in the middle indicating that the meat is frozen rather than fresh. There was also a complete lack of flavor. The bun was soggy, probably because they put wet lettuce on it. I expected a lot more considering the wait.I would recommend seasoning actual ground beef and using dry lettuce. Seasoning their own meat would allow them to create a signature flavor and would probably be cheaper than buying their meat in.
1	First and last time ever going to this place.The service was horrible the girl taking our order wasn't very nice or helpful at all, she asked me my name for my order I said Heather she said thanks Kevin... ummm do i look like a Kevin? No. The fries were extremely soggy and the burgers were just okay nothing special.
3	I must say this place started off on a great start: delicious food, clean bar area and friendly employees. First they had waffle fries, which I guess didn't go over too well because they took those off the menu and they now have seasoned fries that come with everything. Then they had a nice condiment bar that was well stocked with items. The last time we went (two weeks ago) there was only a sad half bowl of jalapenos drowning under its brine. Everything else was empty and the area was messy. The ketchup area was also dirty.The time before that, we came and there were a lot of flies and smoke filling up the place. This time no smoke or flies but terrible service. No greeting when you come in, you may wait a few or several minutes before someone comes lurking from the back to take your order. True, there is a grill cook standing there but he doesn't greet you and he doesn't call anyone to come help you either. Just keeps putting those patties on that grill.Food was okay I'm not really going to badmouth the food too much only to say my partner said the meat was a little dry than it is usually (not juicy). Passable I would say if you need a burger but maybe take a little more of a drive for a gourmet burger. When we left there was no, "thank you for coming!" or "see ya later, come again!" type of crap. It was silence, the sizzle of the grill and the employee's backs turned to you on your way out. Needs work Flame, if only the owner would log on here and read these reviews to improve the business.
3	I thought the food was pretty good and the price was right. Service for me was just fine. I had none of the negative experiences others here have. The only negative was the temperature in the restaurant. They must be trying to save money by keeping the temperature up around 80 or so. A little stuff for me.  Not bad. I'll stop in again for sure. I had the burger this time, but they also have sausages, hot dogs and other stuff.
2	Boyfriend and I stopped in for lunch a few weeks ago. When we walked in (on a Sat afternoon), no one was in sight and we were wondering what was up, but eventually the manager/owner and another worker came out from the back. The owner was taking a call and took our orders, we both had burgers and fries. The burgers were nothing to write home about, but the fries were well seasoned. There are better burgers so I can't say I'd be back.
1	I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed. The background music playing was very loud and quite difficult to place my order to the owner who was also holding a conversation with a non-patron at the same time. Based on the pictures in the menu I decided to try their 1/3 lb beef burger........ what I got was a thin frozen patty that was still raw in the middle and dripping with grease, (disgusting)! I had them make another and this too was dripping. The seasoning was off and not tasty at all. As for the fries, well these are your standard frozen seasoned fries you can get at any grocery store. There is absolutely no chance of us ever going back to Flame Burger.My advise- miss the driveway and swing into Jack in the Box.
3	Let me start off by saying the burger was very good for a drive-through and the fries, though a bit soggy, were good.The service? Not so much. The person who took my order seemed like she would be happier if the customers would just stop coming. My food was thrown out at me without a word, much less a perfunctory 'have a nice day', and then the window closed, leaving me wondering whether I was waiting on part of my order, or whether it was all there.
2	I wanted to like this place... but yuck. I could smell the old, nearly rotten oil when we walked in the door and I kept hoping I was maybe imaging it. We ordered to-go and when we got home, I couldn't eat the burger and the fries didn't taste good due to the bad oil. Only reason this place gets 2 stars is because the kids working there were really trying hard to impress and do a good job.
2	The restaurant was clean and well-presented, and the staff was friendly.  There are some uncooked foods in a display case by the register that do not look appetizing at all.We got the #1 burger combo; the burger was OK (not bad but certainly not great), but the fries were pretty good.  The sauce on the burger was reminiscent of Big Mac sauce, which was good.Overall I'd say it's OK, but at $7 for a combo, there are a lot of other places with better food.
3	Just as the title implies the burgers are flame broiled to perfection. I have never had a bad burger here.    It's a little on the expensive side, but if your craving a specialty burger it's totally worth it.    The downside is that unfortunately most other things on the menu aren't really worth the money. The hotdogs are small and the gyros aren't exactly the best either. luckily the fries are not to salty and have a home made taste.   There a good areas to eat outside and there is a drive through window. Also they can deliver in most cases which is always a nice treat.
2	i love good burgers and this place didnt meet my expectations what so ever. Was not even as spicy as i would have liked. If i return ill try the jalapeno burger for sure.
1	I used to love this place. We went there one night, we had rancid meat, it looked, smelt, and tasted horrible. When we approached the staff they said, ooh do you want another one? No, we'd like you to take this concern seriously this is bad meat that harm multiple people. They looked at us we were crazed. We demanded a refund and left. We will never return.
3	We went here today for burgers and had a very good experience! I didnt know about this place until recntly and wanted to try it out. There was 4 of us and all our food was very good, except you can tell the fries werent fresh.... I would go back though , I really liked this place....
2	It wasn't terrible food but pretty expensive for what it was. For the same price we could have gone to Culvers and had a 1000x better burger. There was no one there when we went and like one person when we left. Don't see this place lasting very long...
2	Average burger, average fries, moderately priced. For what it is its a little expensive, in addition the burgers are 1/8lb so a double burger is a 1/4lb burger?  Be warned, if your using the $24.00 recent groupon they do a weird math thing that deducts the tax from the ammount of your groupon????? So my groupon was only valued at 20.77 ????? and you still pay the tax at the end anyways??? I tried to convince them something was wrong for about 10 minutes and finally gave up. I had also ordered a double western burger which came out as a single burger, I guess they figured the onion rings would throw me off so I wouldnt notice? Overall, this is an average burger joint. I wont be going back.
3	This place has a great tasting mesquite grilled burger!  For a fast food joint, I would come back here as the burger is really really good. It is priced a bit high, but you get what you pay for. They also have specials like an original flame burger and drink for $5.  A good deal.
1	I bought a same day deal off groupon, $5 for $10.  I went to the venue and ordered a green chile burger combo, upgrading the fries to chili cheese fries and was told my total was $4.08... So, $14.08 for a burger combo in a drive thru??  I asked for a break down just because the last time I had done the same deal my total was less that $10 and I paid a little extra to upsize my drink.  The person at the window was not able to articulate how the charges add up, she just kept saying that groupon doesn't pay tax, groupon doesn't pay tax... it was like dealing with a parrot.  I asked for a receipt and the TOTAL on the receipt was $11.68, minus $10 groupon, $1.68, but then $1.20 in tax, but they ran my card for $4.08, wouldn't that be $14.08!?!?!  Again, "groupon doesn't pay tax, groupon doesn't pay tax, arrr arrr..." Parrot.  I got home and didn't even get chili cheese fries.  I called, spoke with the manager who sighed, said she would refund me and give me the correct order.  No apology.  When I got there my new order was at least ready, but this is unacceptable.  I hate to think how many other people who redeem groupons here are being taken for a ride by their questionable accounting practices.  The chili cheese fries were the most bland I have ever had, and the burger soaked the bun in grease.
4	Great burger, great fries, great service. Good Stuff!
4	This week dinner has been running late, I don't know where time is flying too once I get off work, my daughter and I once again were not in the mood to cook dinner, she was craving a hamburger and listed off the normal places one would go too, and none of them peaked my interest. Then I remembered that a Flame Burger opened up right around the corner from us and I was willing to give that a try so I suggested it to her, she was on board and off we went!We did the drive thur, because last night was freaking cold didn't want to get out of my car. Went around the drive thru lane saw the menu, but taped all around it said to pulled to the window to order,,guess the box isn't working, so around we went.Daughter ordered the #1 combo plain with cheese,,so just meat, cheese and bun, and I ordered the pineapple burger combo.I love pineapple on my hamburgers, teriyaki burgers are my #1 fav, so I was thinking pineapple burger is what it meant right? Though it wasn't teriyaki, it had great favor, the burger was perfectly grilled, the toppings & dressing blended well and the pineapple was the star of that show! Delish I tell you!!! I also dig the fries! Glad we stopped by and gave Flame Burger a try!
3	Your basic burger joint. The flame broiled burger had a nice slightly charred taste to it. A little bit on the greasy side. Good bun.The fries were ok, topped with a seasoned salt and just a tiny bit underdone.Pricing was ok. Music was too loud. Dining room was a bit warm.
2	Burgers are pretty good. You'll leave smelling like a burger, for sure. Fries are ok. Nothing super special overall. Pretty basic. Need a quick burger fix it will do the trick.
1	We've eaten here a couple of times and haven't been overly impressed.  The staff is not terribly friendly and the hamburgers are okay, but at $7+ they are expensive for what you receive.  However tonight's visit has decided for us that we will never return.  After waiting in the drive-thru for 30 minutes, my husband returned with two big bags, but hadn't checked to make sure we had received all of our food. They had failed to give us one of the three hamburgers we ordered and one of our kids meals.  He immediately turned around and went back to the restaurant.  It turns out they hadn't even MADE the kids chicken strip meal.  When my husband asked for his hamburger, they wanted to charge him for another burger, even though he had the receipt.  The cook had said she had made all of the burgers, even though she had so obviously failed to make a part of our meal. Who charges their patron another $8 dollars for a burger they hadn't received after they had already spent $40?  The manager argued with him over it so he just turned around and left so our little ones could have their dinner.  Without his dinner.  We paid $40, two trips and 50 minutes and he still went hungry. Worst customer server ever. To add insult to injury, the fries we had received where cold and half-cooked BEFORE he had to go back to the restaurant.  Never. Again. We feel totally ripped off.
2	This place was ok, not great and not my type of burger.  I went because I purchased a groupon.  The patty reminded me of a Wendys patty, thin and small. Unlike the ones pictured on the menu.  Two of the three people in our party had mistakes with their order so when you add that to the lackluster food you can understand why I wouldn't return (not even with another groupon offer).
1	Would not go back.  Place dirty, music too loud, food greasy.  Two small children were playing behind the counter and in the kitchen.  Surely this is a health and safety violation.  The little girl ran directly fro bathroom to kitchen-hope smeone checked if she washed her hands.
3	I bought a groupon for this place and was glad that I only spent $3 to cover the difference. They have really good fries and a really good Veggie burger pattie, but their chicken salad was disgusting!! Yuck!! It was salty and they stuck some canned unsweetened apricots in it too...grossss! I don't know what they doused that chicken in but it was nasty!
3	Inside: The place was clean, I did not see any trash on the floor, nor did I see any tables that needed to wiped down at all. It looked like the people who ran the place did a good job of making sure it was clean. 5/5 rating Service: When my wife and I walked in it was fairly busy for a Saturday, thought it was not packed liked other burger places I have been to. When we walked up to order the lady serving us was nice, and took our order in a kind manner and smiled at us throughout the ordering. Which is more than I can say about some other places I have visited before. 4/5 rating Food: The order came out fairly quick, I would say with 5-8 minutes which is about average for a burger joint. I ordered a bacon burger with a side of fries, and my wife ordered a regular burger with some cheese fries. Overall the burger was good, mine had a nice smokey spice to the patty and the bacon was done to a nice crisp, and the condiments and lettuce was fresh. The fries had a good seasoning was well, much like the seasoning at Red Robins. My wife's fries I noticed had actual melted cheese on them, unlike nacho cheese that you would purchase in a can, I was able to sample her fries and I thought them to taste good. Her burger I must note, was the exact same as mine, just minus the bacon added on. Again, the burgers were good but I wouldn't say mind blowing, my wife and I felt like it was something I could have made at home, just a average burger. 3.5/5 rating Price: This was the deal breaker, the price was on the high end for a ok burger, for my wife and I alone, including the 50 cent charge for her cheese fries, our total came out to be $17.96 for just the two of us. Which is pretty expensive for two burgers and fries and medium size drinks. 2/5 rating
3	This place has a decent burger, drive thru is broken though. Weird.
3	I went to here because they had a groupon that gave you 24 dollars worth of food for 12 bucks. First thing you think, "it's just me and one other person, how am I going to spend $24 at a hamburger place"? Well don't you worry, its pretty easy to do here! The prices are high but the hamburgers are worth it. The first time I went here with the Groupon I got a Green Chili burger with fries and a drink. Burger was great, the cook them medium to medium rare instead of cooking them well done and ruining them like everyone else. The fries were great. Seems as though they don't filter the water going through the soda machine, which isn't the best for Phoenix. On this trip it seemed as though one of the employees kids were running around, okay maybe the baby sitter called out no big deal. Food was great and I planned on coming here all the time.Second time: Again food was great, kids running around again. Went to the bathroom and they keep their soap in the same containers they keep their BBQ and hot sauce in, ,a little weird but hey tough economy out there. If it saves money and completes its purpose.. go for it. Third time: Burger was well done :( fries were still good. But this visit put us on an episode of some drama filled restaurant tv show. The managers and employees were arguing about schedules, kids were running around yet again, all while they were forgetting to complete our order. We had to go up and remind them that we had placed an order to get them to break from their argument and work. They gave us free cheese cake and apologized, so I guess its water under the bridge. While it was very unprofessional they didn't ignore the fact that they had messed up, and tried to make up for it. Overall I would recommend  it. Really good food and the food normally comes out quick.Suggestion to the business owners, don't let your kids (or employees kids) run around the place. Don't air the dirty laundry. And instead of having a basically constant Groupon, maybe just lower the prices a little? :)
3	A different kind of burger but good.
1	CLOSED for REMODEL. 07-13-13 No mention of time frame when to open again.Phone has been disconnected. Suspect business is CLOSED, PERIOD!!
