4	This Costco is huge - but so is the growth all around it!  This part of town is growing so fast it's hard to remember that just a few years ago this was all farming area.  Costco does a great job generally speaking, of making you forget where you are.  You could be at any Costco in any part of town.  Somehow, I think that's part of what makes you buy more.  Oh yea, and they also make you forget how much storage and/or refrigerator space you actually have.  I'm guessing it's all done through some sort of drug given out in slow amounts via the samples.  God I love samples.  We went here to get paper plates and TP.  Both are SO much better for the price here than anywhere else and well, we needed them.  We still walked down most of the aisles to sample the samples of course.  And so we found lots of stuff we had to have.  So, our paper plates and TP ended up costing about $80.  Not really, but how can you just get TP and paper plates when they have a package of 12 of those new high efficiency light bulbs for $3.19 when they normally cost that much each?  That was what broke us - and then we were Costco's for the taking.  But we kinda liked it.  And we'd do it again.  In fact, I think we're going back next weekend.  But just for paper towels.
3	Costco is great for certain occasions.If I'm having a party...Big back of tortilla chips and salsa. Check. Yummy Yummy cake. Check. Burgers and buns. Check. BOOZE. Double check. The alcohol is the best part. Hard liquor at least...It comes in sets, so if you only need one bottle then don't come here. I also like to get my vitamins and my fruit bars here. Only because I eat them on a daily basis. I will look through the dvd's and books, but it's a hit or miss. Besides that though...who really needs a big o tub a mayo, 500 cans of tuna, or enough lettuce to make a tossed salad in my tub. I'm only one person...This place is great for large families and organizations, though. Or people like my mom.
4	Obviously shop here for all for your large items, but they also have a great deal on things like clothes, blue rays and lots of other single items as well as the super bulk items.  We bought our 73" DLP TV here and got the best deal anywhere else in town.  Staff is very nice and helpful.
5	Love Costco for my big family. Its good for the bulk buying. But obviously you got to do your math and learn whats cheaper to buy at Costco or your grocery store in smaller packages. Birthday Cakes are cheap. But mostly I use the gas station since its usually a few cents cheaper then the cheapest gas stations around the area. As a member you can go there. Also their vacation packages rock! Used Costco for our family trip to Disneyland and Jamaica. Compared Disneyland.com and Getaway work deals...Costco Disney package was way better.
5	I love this place, Staffs are very friendly, helpful and very professional. I go shop at a couple other location, this one is my favorte.
5	Costco is always consistently great customer service, great products, and great prices. Costco is always worth the membership price. I buy everything at Costco, paper products, bakery items, produce, baby items, etc. the bakery and produce are the best anywhere and are always consistent. And if you aren't happy with something, you can always return it. One of my favorite places, I will always be a member!
4	This Costco has excellent customer service hands down!  I almost buy all my gas at Costco and this one has the best clerks at the pumps who converse with you as they knew you for years.  This store has one of the better parking lots to get in and out of compared to the others near by.  This store is very clean and has "Big Ass Fans" ceiling fans above the cashiers who keep you cool in the warmer months.  This store allows me to wait to the last second to buy my pumpkin pie at Thanksgiving where others wind down to avoid extras.  This is a big deal for me and appreciate that!  The only thing I can complain about Costco and not necessary this one is that Costco started bringing in more Gluten Free items which sold fast and did not replenish them.  Hey you can't have it all!  Overall I like the store.
1	Worst Costco I've ever been to. The lines here on a Monday at 3pm are double or triple what they are at the store on Bell road on a weekend. Super unorganized with everyone crashing their giant carts into other people trying to get a spot in line. The lines go back into the aisles, but some people curved sideway, can't tell which line is where. It's a disaster. I'd rather drive a half hour out of my way to go to arrowhead Costco to avoid this store.
4	I love this Costco store! It's convenient, has friendly workers, and there pizza is always amazing!
1	Dad was injured and we bought a ladder from Costco and they offered to help us load it. We waited 10-13 min and no one came to help us and they just said "oh they're on there way" uhmmm yeah we gotta be somewhere, we're not going to wait 30min for help. All the workers were chit-chatting and ignoring us. Not good customer service.
