3	So its a rainy Sunday, I am totally hungover and the husband is hungry. I say there is a box of mac and cheese in the cupboard...or we can go to Denny's. We haven't been to Dennys since we discovered Matt's Big Breakfast about 4 years ago. There were about 5 other groups ahead of us, yet we only waited maybe all of 5 minutes. We were seated quickly and our server was there pretty fast. We knew what we wanted so we put our total order in. Our food came out quick, and I cant really complain, it is Denny's after all... what do you expect? Well, the table to the right of us must have thought they were at Ruth's Chris, cause they sure as hell were acting like it. 3 rather well behave little girls, a very old man, and the mother with her rather exposed bosom's and talking as loud as she could. She sent back THREE different plates of food. She ordered a side salad, and then complain about that quality of it as they were charging her "$3 for this little salad" When the server told her it was only $1.99 she shut her trap, apparently $1 make a difference when you are dealing with salads and ghetto people. Our lunch was good, but having to sit next to these people and endure her asinine complaining really brought down our rainy Sunday lunch. I felt sooo bad for the waitress, but she never snapped at this woman, she took it like a champ. Anyway...its Denny's you go here when you are hungover, not for a high class meal.
3	I like this location more than others in the area, it is warmer than the location on Dunlap and I-17.  I enjoy reading the newspaper while drinking a cup of coffee and having breakfast.  Denny's cant screw breakfast up and I really enjoy their coffee so I am a fan.  This place has been there for years so it is a little run down, I have never had a problem with service here and the wi-fi is great as well.
3	I've eaten here a few times now, and I have to say, it's not half bad.  Sometimes I want to sit down and have a decent breakfast without driving to far, and this place is close to my apartment. Plus, with all the light rail construction going on, getting around is kind of tough these days, so I stop in here from time to time.The last few times I've been here I've gotten the moon over my hammy.  Since I don't eat pork, their kind enough to switch out the ham and put turkey on instead.  Service here is quick, and the few times I've been in here, I've never had much of a wait.Yes, I know it's a chain, but it's honestly not half bad here. I've never had a bad experience, and the food is decent.  They also have 2 hours of free wifi if you should need it.
1	awful, place full of flies, food is not good.
1	it awful, dirty, and food is gross and not cooked!!!!!!it is not clean!!!!They do not clean tables, or replace items, they leave left over food on forks, glasses dirty, place is gross.
