4	I took my kitty Cindy to the Tri-City VCA today for her wellness exam after coming out of the animal shelter. I was immediately impressed with the fact that they separate dog and cat intakes.  There are two different entrances on different sides of the clinic.  Both times when I spoke on the phone with the receptionist, she was super friendly.  The exam rooms are small, but clean and uncluttered. The staff was very friendly and calm. I can't say much about the cost because the visit was included in my adoption from the Humane Society Campus for Compassion. I felt very informed about everything they did with Cindy.  They offered me additional services that I did end up taking them up on for a low cost, but I didn't feel pressure from them.  I paid 17 for an oral de-worming and 20 for a rabies vaccination.  I don't have experience with whether or not that's high or low, but I thought it sounded reasonable.  Dr. Lucy was also very friendly, calm, and patient with all of my questions.  From what I've read, people often have issues with the way the staff rushes animals in and out and I didn't have that experience here.  Like I said, the facility and the staff were very calm and friendly.  I would come back to this hospital.
4	I took my kitten to the Acacia Cat Hospital for its first visit after adopting her from the Arizona Humane Society. The facility is not modern or fancy, but clean. The staff and the doctor we saw were friendly and caring. The prices seem good too. I plan to continue to take my kitten to this office.
5	I have had my kitty Miller for 8 years. She has never been to any other vet.  I like this place so much we drive across the city just to take her for her shot and exams because it is such a great place. I just adopted a second kitten and she is going there too.  Greatest cat vet in the Phoenix area.
5	I just got my kitten last weekend and it turns out he had ringworm and an upper respiratory infection:(  My girlfriend took him into this clinic because the Humane Society was going to be footing the bill. He didn't seem to be getting better so I after the appt the other day so we decided to take him back in today. Immediately after walking in the door we were greeted by Dr. Sengoku who had seen him before and she went through the list of what she wanted to do. She remembered all the details about our baby boy and we went straight into the exam room. Our kitten seemed as comfortable with the doc as he does with us which was nice since we were all sorts of worried. She was very gentle and helpful, explaining all the details of the meds and treatments. She even hooked us up with some extras to make our boy get healthy faster. I definitely recommend her to anybody who needs a good vet. Thanks again!!!
2	This place was wonderful when I adopted my puppy and found out the next day that he had parvo.  The doctor gave me all the medicine and subcut fluids for FREE and he survived all thanks to her!After that, though, this vet has been horrible.   I have been there many times as my puppy also has what turned out to be food allergies and I never got to see that first vet again.  The other vets I saw were completely incompetent and I wasted hundreds of dollars on pointless tests and medicines and prescription food.  When their final solution was to put him on disgusting Hill's I/D prescription diet ($300/month and not working at all) I had to walk out of this place and I will NEVER go back.  I went to Pet Club in Mesa and the first food she gave me completely fixed my dog's problems.  I believe some of the doctors at VCA are good, but most are horrible.  I think in general the staff is more cat-savvy.I would give this place one star but that first vet saved my dog's life!  So, THANK YOU to her, and two thumbs down to the place as a business.
5	My furry friend has reason enough to be distrustful of those in the medical profession given a long history of unsuccessful past treatments that ended in an amputation! And he is completely at ease when he comes here. We've been here on three separate occasions so far - one was our Humane Society initial checkup, one was a heartworm follow-up, and one was an emergency sick visit. While we saw a different vet and different staff members each time we came, Mr. Dog never had any apprehension to any of the people he came into contact with here. They are all really, really great with him and his response to them definetly shows. He doesn't get nervous or scared and they have not only gotten me in "immediately" when we needed it but they have also called to follow up on the emergency visit to make sure the treatment they prescribed is working positively (it was). Pricing is not outrageous and the facility is clean and sanitary. Highly recommended.
4	These guys are super nice to my husband, myself, and our cat Beckett.It's very clear that these people love animals and what they do.
4	When we first adopted our Chihuahuas a couple of months ago, we took them to the VCA for a check up and the attendants there were kind and gentle with them.  They even called a day or so later to check up on them.  It was good to know that they also have boarding services which I think is convenient since we travel a bit.  CON: The location is a bit obscure.  It's right off the highway and it's hard to see it.
2	When I adopted my dog, I was referred to this vet and my first few visits were great (4 years ago). Lately I've had some poor experiences that I will share.1) About a year or two ago, I brought my dog in for her yearly vaccinations. They gave her the shot(s) in the examining room and I pointed out that there was liquid on the vet's leg afterward and she wasn't sure if it was from the shot that leaked or what, so went ahead and gave my dog another shot. Swing and a miss? C'mon!2) I wanted to get a refill on my dog's heartworm medicine so I called in the order. A few days later I went to pick it up and there were 2 other patients being helped and the front desk girl seemed overwhelmed with them and the phone ringing. It took 12 minutes (I timed it) until she finally acknowledged me AFTER I signed in. A few more minutes passed and she rang me up for the medicine. It cost more this time around because they no longer carried the previous medicine I have been ordering and over the phone, I was not informed. I looked at the box and the medicine was for up to 25lbs. My dog is 38lbs and their records show this! I mentioned this and the error was corrected.3) Most recently, I scheduled an appointment for my dog's yearly vaccinations. Over the phone I asked if they needed a fecal sample and even though it was due according to their records, the person on the phone said, "Eh, it's up to you."  The day before my appointment, my dog tears her dew claw, so I made a note to mention this upon arrival. I bring in a fecal sample, hand it to the front desk and mention the dew claw. I get taken back to the exam room. The vet tech, walks in, does her thing and asks if I brought a fecal sample which I replied, "yes", then I told her about the claw. After answering other questions regarding diet, behavior, etc. she leaves and calls the doctor in. The doctor comes in, asks if I brought in a fecal sample and then asks THE SAME QUESTIONS the vet tech asked me as if they didn't share notes with each other! Then I am told that they don't have one of the vaccinations in stock, but could run and get it at another location if I wanted to wait. I made an appointment ahead of time and they knew well in advance what shots I needed, yet they couldn't "run and get it" before I arrived? Wow! The vet then takes my dog in the back to give the other vaccinations and examine the claw closer. Upon returning, the vet says the claw will heal itself and I can apply a band aid to it if I want to. I finish up my appointment and leave WITHOUT the vet wrapping the open wound, nor providing antibiotics. 15 minutes after I leave, I get a call from the vet saying they never ran the fecal test and wanted to know if I still wanted it done. I bagged up poop and brought it to you...No, I just did that for the hell of it! Moron!A week later, after wrapping the claw myself, I examine the wound, and it is not any better. I call up a family friend who also works at an animal hospital and schedule an appointment with them. Over the phone, this new location was shocked to hear that no medicine nor bandage was provided. I go in for my visit with this new place and they couldn't have been any better. Yes, my dog needed medicine, had the wound cleaned, inspected, and wrapped.Needless to say, after this past year or two, I will no longer be taking my dog to VCA. They have become sloppy and unprofessional and in need to clean house.
3	The price is outrageous over there.  My babies needed to go back for their heartworm refill appointment and I called thinking this visit isn't going to break the bank.  Boy, was I wrong! It was going to be almost $300 for the both of them! I almost swallowed my tongue whole at the thought of spending that much money to get a refill.  Get this, they were charging $45 for the test, $45 for the doc's exam and $38 for the heart card.  Say what?So, feeling a bit bamboozled, I called another vet and it's going to cost half the price for both of my Chis.  Shame! Shame on you VCA! I'm getting their files transferred immediately.
3	The price is outrageous over there.  My babies needed to go back for their heartworm refill appointment and I called thinking this visit isn't going to break the bank.  Boy, was I wrong! It was going to be almost $300! I almost swallowed my tongue whole at the thought of spending that much money to get a refill.  Get this, they were charging $45 for the test, $45 for the doc's exam and $38 for the heart card.  Say what? This is for a follow up, they've already been tested.  Shish!So, feeling a bit bamboozled, I called three other vets and it's going to cost half the price for both of my Chis.  The other vets mentioned that if they've been tested already, they don't need another one.  Just an exam.  Shame! Shame on you VCA! I'm getting their files transferred immediately.
5	All the staff here are very nice. The vets will sit and talk with you without rushing. The price is a bit high, but for the care and patience justifies the price and more.
