4	I stopped in here this morning for some Vitamin Water Revive. The waters are $1.79 each or 2 for $3. They offer an option for cash back but only up to $10 with debit. There is also a car wash next door if you need to do that as well. I'll be back during the day again if I need help with my hang over.
1	Why, oh why, have all the gas station attendants I've met recently smelled like hobos?The attendant in this station was scary.  He looked like Freakshow from Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle, and he had... personality.  It was cute how he threw a fit because I accidentally used two hot beverage cups instead of one when I filled up a cup for hot tea.  They were stacked on top of each other, and I didn't notice... but boy, was he ever mad.  In a huff, he pulled off that extra cup and marched it back to the coffee area to put it back.  Wow.  I have never been lambasted like that for such an obvious - and innocuous - mistake.Come to think of it, isn't that a sanitation issue?  He absolutely MANHANDLED the extra cup with his crusty, callused, dirt-laden fingernails and put it back for someone else to use.  I wouldn't wanna put my lips on that.  Ew.And so my streak of horrific gas station experiences continues.  Are there normal people working at ANY gas stations ANYWHERE?
3	What can I say about 7-11 that no one would know, nor care about.  I'll just tell you about our experience for the night that we came in.  My buddies were in town to help a friend and I celebrate our birthdays.  We spent the evening on the mellow side, just hanging out.  We were down the street playing pool and then someone came up with the brilliant idea of getting Slurpee's.  I caved in as I was the driver.  I thought to myself... "Slurpee's? What are we 12?"  Anyhow, we walked in, and the place was barren, we were the only fools in the place.  We walked over to the Slurpee machine and all of a sudden, a slurpee sounded good.  We got the biggest ones they offered and filled it up as high as possible.  *on a side note: I did have to stop one of my buddies from getting a hot dog that looked like it has been rolling around for the last couple of days.Anyhow, we pay for our slurpee's and my goal was to get home as fast as possible before they all melted in the 110 degree weather.*on another side note: a couple of shots of Captain Morgan Rum in a Cherry Coke Slurpee is crazy delicious.
4	It feels dangerous outside like you are going to get robbed but the cashier lady is very friendly and nice.
