5	The Trans-Siberian Orchestra rolled into Glendale for their winter tour 2011 and I haven't seen that much hair flipping since the mid 1980's. Most of us are familiar with their rock renditions of Christmas songs, but I didn't know anything about the band. For one, they actually sing! There's singing, dancing, music, lights, lasers, pyrotechnics, moving stage equipment, etc. My husband and I had to laugh a little about the 80's factor though. Everyone seems to have long hair both men and women, which they repeatedly whip back and forth while shredding on a white inverted V guitar, or a purple sparkled violin. There were also a lot of rock fists in the air and side to side choreographed swaying "for emphasis".  Kind of like if Poison or Skid Row did a Christmas show....but we loved it. The music is amazing and moving, and the show was "narrated" by a gentleman who sort of told a story of Christmas in between the musical performances. The lasers and lights and pyrotechnics were, of course, the highlights and I found myself with oooohhs and aaaahhs. Purely awesome.
5	my wife got us 2 tickets for this show that toured past Glendale last night. The most i've ever known about TSO is the christmas song they play at ZooLights to the dancing light trees. But apparently the band actually plays other music and has vocals! i guess you learn something everyday. i was a little suprised and pleased at first...the show, replete with every member donning long, flowing locks of hair, reminded me of my days as a concert go-er at Poison, Motley Crue, etc. Screaming guitar solos, gigantic drum sets, tight leather pants, crunching melodics, all that shit that made you love 80's rock. plus, it is a light show, pyrotechnic show, moving stage show, laser show EXTRAVAGANZA! i was ooohhh-ing and ahhhhh-ing throughout the show. and they really, really, really put on a good show....even an electric violin player! an incredible Prog Rock Christmas metal show....of course not for everyone, and if the little lady hadn't gotten the tickets, i never would've considered TSO as a concert. but i liked them alot.
5	Loved it!  Really felt like one gets their money's worth.  The second half was so cool when they went crazy with the lights and pyro.
2	Holy '80's Metal throwback-long hair mandatory! First of all, THANK YOU to TSO for donating money to a charity, that is what Christmas is really about. But now the juice.Every year, as a family, we try to catch a Christmas Show, Radio City, Nutcracker,etc...you get the picture. We went to see what I thought, was a Christmas show but buyer beware.  The first half was really a narration of an unimaginative Christmas story with music interspersed at key moments. The lighting and special effects were entertaining but it's really just "showmanship" and kind of corny. I noticed many people left when it was over. I didn't realize the TSO would be playing their non-Christmas music and that's what the second half involves. Yawn! Instead of enjoying the show I found my self running through the laundry list of things I needed to get done before Christmas.  In my younger years I would have enjoyed the metal mania, a la David Lee Roth, but having my Gen Y'er teens with me propelled us for the door.  Sorry but unless you like the hair thrashing and manic running around the stage and over dramatic dancing, seek your Christmas spirit elsewhere. BTW. Although my husband enjoyed the dancers, he questioned if they were the Devil's Cheerleaders moonlighting?
1	Beyond awful. Slow. Boring. Not even great singers? I fell asleep to a guy droning on and on and on about some lame and cheesy "Christmas story". I left early- thank The Lord!!! What a waste of money. So bad it was funny. Seriously, don't bother.
2	Set up delays caused the show to start an hour late. Fans were not allowed to enter and find seats but were herded like cattle and forced to stand while crews continued to prepare for the show. With the uncomfortable delay out of the way, excitement overcame us when the lights were dimmed and the strum of an electric guitar resonated through the building. Trans-Siberian Orchestra is known for their amazing stage presence, light show and rocking out of Christmas tunes. However, they are now putting on a "new show".  They should stick to what they do best and skip the off Broadway flop of an attempt at a musical.  Very disappointed!
2	Christmas show? Not really. We didn't realize the TSO would be playing their 80's Metallica rock disguised as a poorly written and terribly boring Christmas story. Musicians are talented, the Czech singer is a Maria Carey knockoff - she was talented as we'll but eventually we got tired of hearing her scream the high notes -- the second half was so boring we couldn't wait to leave. Supremely disappointed. Save yourself some $$ and go to another REAL  Christmas show.
2	The "new show" with giant toy box set design and new music was a disappointment. In previous years the music has gotten one in the Christmas spirit. Not so this year. Music was a disappointment, storyline was not interesting. They do not showcase the talent in the new show. The women appear to be objects to view. In past years their talented voices were shared.Will not attend in the future. Save your money.
1	Trans Siberian Orchestra at Gila River in Glendale.   First off let me start by saying I have seen TSO at least a dozen times, always taking someone new so they can experience this wonderful Christmas Show almost like a proud parent.  Big mistake this year.  Just married I thought it would be a great present for my new husband..maybe even a new tradition.  Well, we will never go again. The "new" show was awful.  The show did not represent Christmas it actually felt like a bunch of guys with long hair got together and decided to have a jam session.   The storyline was based on letters found in an attic..boring to say the least especially after a narrator would talk about each letter and then some one would come out and sing about what the narrator just said.   There were several songs that we could not even understand due to what sounded like screaming combined with screeching..ugh.  The light show was good but with the show being so bad at that point the lights were unimpressive.  Eighty percent of our section left after the first hour of torture.  We stayed in hopes that the original TSO concert would appear magically and redeem its performance.  This was an expensive little outing and completely not worth it. Save your money, your hearing and your time!!
1	My friend brought me to the Allstate Arena for the show this past Saturday evening for the 8:00 pm show.  First of all, seeing or hearing anything musically at the Allstate Arena, is a big mistake as it is not an acoustically correct venue and most sound engineers are deaf anyways.  But I expected music - rock music and arrangements orchestra...not singing and vocalists...It was horrible, lose the singers or lose the venue, or your sound people...probably at a smaller venue or Rosemont Theater would have been better.  Overall it was very disappointing and we left after 2 hours of the show...we couldn't handle it anymore.
