5	I used to be a student at UNCC and when I went to school there we had nothing close to what they offer students today.  I went back to campus to visit some friends and went through the student union and saw the hair salon.  I had some time to waste and decided to give it a try.  The staff there was very professional and friendly.  I got an amazing scalp massage with my shampoo and a precise haircut for an affordable price.  I couldn't ask for anything more and they even validated my parking for the time it took to cut my hair.
5	I despretely needed to get a highlight touch-up before I headed home for Thanksgiving break.  I could not get an appointment at my usual salon.  Blah.  So, I just stopped into the Campus Salon since I was in the Student Union already.  I took a shot in the dark and asked if they could fit me in.  Not only were they able to get me an appointment but I had no wait since they had a cancellation.  Will was my stylist and he did an amazing job.  I only paid $65 for a partial highlight (a few low lights too).  Will made sure to ask what I liked and didn't like about my current color, and made sure to ask where I usually part my hair so he could plan the highlight placement accordingly.  Not only was I delighted with my color but he did an awesome job of blow drying and styling my hair.  While products were recommended, there was no heavy push to buy.  I hate that feeling!  I'm honestly surprised that I had such a great experience. I think I went in just expecting a mediocre outcome.  I associated an on campus salon with more of a low end, quick service kind of establishment.  I proved myself wrong and I'm glad I did.   I'd definitely go back for the price and service I received!  Give it a try if you're a UNCC student or faculty member.
4	Marissa is awesome, skilled and funny. Do stop by and tell her I sent you.
3	The campus salon is very friendly. They offer a variety of services. They can work with both black and white peoples hair types. However, there services can get pretty expensive. You pay for the quality and the efficiency of this salon. If you live on campus, it's very convenient to get your hair cut or nails done here. It is a small salon, but they have very nice and helpful technicians. Sometimes they will offer discounts or raffles for services.
