3	I'm not sure all of what quest diagnostics offers (I think basic tests, glucose, etc), but they definitely do drug screenings for larger companies as my new employer sent me here one afternoon. They're tucked away on the first floor next to a pharmacy in a odd medical park, and the waiting room is fairly small. They were very efficient with their set procedures (a lot of "now stand here", "now wash your hands") and nice, but with an almost intimidating side to let you know they mean business, and don't you dare try to pull anything. I was in and out in under twenty minutes, so definitely no complaints here (it just seems weird to be a "fan" of a lab). They also close for an hour around lunch time.
1	I came here for my annual health-insurance work screening. What a pain.They scheduled to come into our office the day before Labor day and since I was going on vacation I had to make the lunch trek to their office. As to why they planned it that particular day I have no idea...let's make it so as many people are not in the office as possible.I get there at my reserved time and the place is slammed...as in, I had to stand for almost a half-hour after my allotted time. I almost felt bad for the people who didn't make an appointment  because they were left standing much longer than I and they got there first technically. The lady who took my blood poked and prodded the needle for an excessive amount of time in search of a vain, after I squirmed in pain and asked what she was doing she said she had to do it again in my other arm...fabulous. Now after all of this it was time to take my blood-pressure..yipppee!As you can imagine it had sky-rocketed by that point so I requested we wait a minute and take it again as I knew I didn't have high BP and this was due to stress, clearly. We are also able to take two other readings if our first is high. She was visibly annoyed at my request and then said she couldn't record the reading in the machine -after a few minutes of explanation from myself she finally gave in and put her signature by hand next to my lower reading.Then I spent the next two months back and forth with Quest and my employer as they submitted my higher reading resulting in me not qualifying for a discount. I finally was able to get them to take the second lower reading but wow what a huge pain. If it wasn't mandated by my company I would never deal with this company again.
1	This place is a joke. They have one person in the office. She is trying to check everyone in and do all the testing. I was the second in line when they opened and I waited two hours to get a 5 minute test. If you have time on your hands this is your place
3	Getting stuck for tests really stinks. Having to do it in the doctor's office is bad enough. Having to drive - or walk, if you are close enough to do so - to another place entirely is like a slap in the face.But the staff here is friendly, if perhaps a bit overwhelmed at times. They process your paperwork, like every other medical place on the planet, you sit, they stick you, take your blood (as much as is needed), and you are on your way, sooner or later.
5	Quick and easy. In and out, was able to come earlier than my appointment -- both hubby and I made it out in 25 minutes.I really believe if you somehow come at the right time, the service and the procedure is quick and easy.Staff - nice and friendly.  I have to admit, was intimidated, but the person who took my blood, was easy going and quick.  Location - it was a bit hard to find, because there are other surrounding buildings nearby, but all in all, took less than 5 minutes to find the right one.
3	Stopped in today, for my annual health screening for my 2015 benefits. Upon arrival there were only two others in the waiting room, plus for me! I was called to check in and back in the office within 15 minutes. The staff was friendly, although there was some difficulty with my information in the system, why, not sure. This is the fourth year I have returned to this office. Needless to say the entire process was smooth and I was told my results would be emailed to my company and me within 3-5 days.
