2	To make a long story short, we picked these guys because they had done a neighbors roof and it looked good.  I live in CA, my house is in Glendale, AZ.  In order to get the roof done though, I had to call 8 TIMES to get it scheduled.  It took them over a month longer to get the roof started than the date they had promised me on the phone.  I had to mail my contract in TWO times, I had to call in 3 times after the roof was done to get a copy of my bill, and I still am not done!!! They never called to let me know the roof was completed nor did they send a bill (I should not be complaining about this right).  I have also called 3 TIMES to get a picture of the roof that they promised me.  I still have yet to get it.  To date, I still have not gotten the bill.  They told me they had sent it to the wrong address (the house where the tenants are).  This process started in late April - it is now July 8th.  To paint the picture in a couple words - BAD COMMUNICATION.My tenants said the roof looks good (thank goodness) so they should get credit for that.  However, in the process of putting the roof up, they put so much debris into the pool that I had to buy a new pump / vacuum because of the damage done.  GRRRR....Overall, this has had to be one of the more frustrating $9k jobs I have done.  They only reason they get 2 stars as opposed to one is that the tenants say the quality of work looks good.UPDATE:  So, I got a call today from the regional sales manager today.  He was very nice and expressed concern over the lack of communication.  Somewhere along the line, my sales rep left for a different region, communications were dropped, etc.  The sales manager assured me that this is not the type of work they do nor is it something that he was happy to hear about.  I do believe that they honestly try to do the right thing and in my situation it went awry.  I thought about changing the number of stars but still believe that in my personal situation the overall experience was not positive.  Would I refer someone else to do there roof with them?  Eh... not sure.  If you do, make sure you get a sales rep that is not going to leave and one that seems good at keeping you in the loop.
5	Petersendean just completed a 9kw solar power system on my rental in Tempe and they did an awesome job. Best priced solar installer in the valley and quick and professional crews. I can't believe I ever owned properties without solar panels.  My tenants have a much lower electric bill now and they are much happier.  I am looking at installing solar on four more rentals and I know I will be using PetersenDean.
5	Let me start by saying my experience with petersendean was amazing. from the first call to the permission to operate our solar system, the process was seamless. furthermore,  petersendean offered us the ability to own the solar energy outright. the other companies kept pushing us into a lease for 20 years.  I don't know about you but who would pay for power with a 3 percent increase for 20 years....that is crazy.all of the workmen were awesome,  the coordinators were highly professional and we are savings some big bucks on our energy bill. if you want a great experience and a honest company chose petersendean you will be happy you did.
