5	This place serves both dim sum and a regular menu, and I would have to say it's the best dim sum I've found in North Carolina.  They offer many great authentic dishes as well as some tamer, more Americanized options.  Great service too.  Lunch on Sundays can be very busy, but the staff works quickly to seat you as soon as possible.
5	Very good food and great service.  I haven't tried Dragon Court yet so I can't compare them, but I would come back here again.You don't see stuffed duck's feet, jelly fish, chicken feet w/ black bean sauce, and beef tripe with black bean sauce many places I have been except for San Fran.All the standards of course, like har gow shrimp dumplings, rice nooodle crepes, 8 treasure sweet rice with lotus leaf (which we had yesterday and it was quite good.)I look forward to checking out Dragon Court on my next trip :-)
4	This place is not too bad for Charlotte.  I have been to Dragon Court and find them comparable.
3	Just because its in Plaza-Midwood doesn't make it super elite uber trendy.  The place is ok. I've read many rave reviews about it and I just didnt see. Being that I am Chinese, from Taiwan, and from Phila I know good Chinese.  i was expecting the world and just got slow service and average food.  The interior does look like an urban Chinese restaurant though.  It feels blands and dirty...
2	I know this place is considered great by most, but we had a really really gross experience there.   So let me just say that the rating is more based on the experience then the actual quality of the food (I don't feel confident to judge the food since it was my first dim sum experience).  The menu and tables smelled strongly of dirty dish rags, and I think it was the patrons next to us that smelled like human excrement (not Dim Sum's fault, I know, but it makes it very difficult to maintain an appetite).  We ordered a variety of appetizers with the main courses to follow...  The appetizers were really mushy, and the combination of mushy food and the mix of dirty smells made both our stomachs upset, so we got the main courses boxed - we couldn't get out  of there fast enough.  I had a bite of the main courses at home but I threw out the food right after the first bite because I couldn't stop thinking about what just happened.  We will probably never return. The experience gets a two instead of a one because the waitress was very very nice.
2	This place serves dim sum (like their name states) but that doesn't mean they offer good dim sum.  I think this place stays busy because of the lack of competition in the area for dim sum.  I've had better, much better for the same price in a variety of places around the nation.I think their dinner service is slightly better than the dim sum.  If you want authentic Chinese food, you can pretty much order whatever you like here.  The food is pretty average but if you have a craving for something special and unique (like your mom or grandmother made for you), you could give it a shot here.
3	The food gets no complaints from me.  When you can end up spending more there than in an overpriced San Francisco- Chinatown restaurant, something is really wrong!
3	So I was pretty scared trying this place based on some of the prior reviews (smells of dirty dish rags, etc..) but I was pleasantly surprised at both the food, cleanliness, and service. No the dim sum is not as good as in San Fran or NYC china towns, but this is Charlotte ( I mean our claim to culinary fame is Price's Chicken coop). I personally thought the Shu Mai (shrimp and pork dumplings) were very comparable to what Ive had in San Fran, and the steamed pork buns were also very good. I was craving Dim Sum and this place did not let me down. I will say that I was hoping they would have a Dim Sum cart going around so you could pick and choose from what looked good, but they did have pictures alongside of some of the dim sum to help in the selection process.
4	Well this was a fine surprise.  I really liked this place, and from the packed dining room, I'd say a lot of other people do too.I'm no expert when it comes to dim sum, but I've had it a few dozen times at good and mediocre places in Chicago and New York.  With that experience, I feel somewhat qualified to at least make a ballpark judgment on dim sum quality.Dim Sum (I wish they had another name I could use to refer to them) provided a solid meal at a reasonable price ($24 for about nine platters of dim sum plus tea).  The basics were executed really well, like the taro treasure boxes with mushroom inside and the shrimp rice flour crepes (my favorite).  The steamed leek dumplings were good, but the fried leek and shrimp dumplings were even better.  Another hearty little number was the shrimp-stuffed fried tofu cubes.  One thing I had never had before but liked quite a bit was the eggplant and shrimp dish.  It had a light consistency even though it looked very heavy and oily at first blush.This review makes the dim sum menu seem especially shrimp-heavy.  Maybe that's true.  But it was all good.As for the service, it was really good.  We got all the carts we needed when we needed them, and people stopped by to check on us every few minutes.  At this restaurant, everything, including tea, soft drinks, etc., is recorded on the dim sum card, so when you're done, no need to wait for the check, just get up and walk to the front counter to pay.I wavered between three and four stars for this place, but since it was such an unexpected gem and had great service, I'm going with four.
4	Since my wife introduced me to Dim Sum a few years ago, I've never been the same.  Case and point, was that we were traveling about 6 hours from VA to Chucktown, SC.  Earlier that week, I was on one of my internet hunts for Dim Sum in the Southeast.  I found this place and we HAD to stop.  It was little drive to get there, but worth it for us.  I don't know if we were hard up for Dim Sum, but this place was pretty good.  They have a ton of different things to choose from.  Char siu bao was good, some of the best around.  Definitely better than the frozen kind you get.
3	Decent vegetarian options, somewhat interesting flavors, but for the most part, feels like there's something missing.  Ma Po Tofu was a souped-up (no pun intended) version of whatever-in black bean sauce. Hot and Sour soup was somewhat impressive, black vinegar flavor shining through, and it wasn't a problem to keep the pork out (which means they're not making it at 10am and letting it sit for umpteen hours). Greens (bok choy, choy sum, etc) are delicious here. Flecks of browned garlic abounding, yay! But if you're looking for veggie-friendly Dim Sum, you'll need to make special plans. When I inquired, I was told it wouldn't be a problem with a week's notice and a large-ish guest list.  Prices are a bit high, but the staff are sweet and the veg selection good enough to keep me interested.
3	The food was great but the service was not all that great. It took us 15 minutes for an order for a cup of ice to be filled. The pork steam buns were great and I like the Orange Chicken, which seems to be a hard dish to find anyone else making. I'd go again but for take out instead of dining in.
4	Julia S. planned an unofficial Asian food on training wheels and tonight it was vegetarian dim sum.   Dim Sum offers an expansive menu.  They also have a basic Chinese food menu also, this place is great to order lots of food and eat family style, complete with lazy susans on the table.  If the idea of dim sum frightens you, eating vegetarian is a great way to go, to help avoid any mystery meats.  If you are an adventure eater, there are plenty of photos to help you order.  Everyone in the restaurant seemed like regular customers, it was a very relaxed evening.  Side note, I worked with this guy once and we were at this restaurant in N. Myrtle Beach, SC sitting at the bar after work and my co-worker said, "this is an expansive menu" and the burly no teeth guy beside him said, "no it's not, it's cheap."   So anytime I can use expansive, I just have to.
4	While some of the pieces are obviously pre-made and maybe even frozen, the majority of the dim sum is darn good. Is it "Dim Sum a Go-Go" in NYC good? No, but this is Charlotte, so come on people. The char siu bow is awesome and only available on weekends, as are the other baked items.We were there on a Sunday around noon, and it filled up quickly, but the carts were moving the entire time and we didn't have to wait for our favorites to make their way around.The menu items looked really good as they were being delivered to the tables around us--not your typical Americanized deep fried stuff. I'll be going back for sure.
3	I like tapas. I like dim sum. I am a man that likes variety. Normally breakfast/brunch is crowded as heck, so we waited a little to grab food. 2pm was perfect. No carts, but the dim sum came out faaaast and it was hot and fresh. Dim Sum is pretty yum. Overall this place is a little pricey though. One of my favorite dishes, Chinese Broccoli (Chinese broccoli sauteed with oyster sauce, or garlic sauce) was $9.95. I still haven't seen the bano here, but the dining area looks pretty clean.
2	I've been in Charlotte for almost a month now, and have only experienced one great disappointment: that there are only two dim sum restaurants in the entirety, AND that they're both half an hour away from me. Why, Dim Sum? Why?Now it seems besides the Dragon Court (which doesn't seem to be wowing people either), the Dim Sum Chinese Restaurant is all I have left. Le sigh. Alright, lament aside and review on, this place did not dress to impress. Outside looked pretty sketch, and upon walking in there, the cook and what looked like the manager were sitting down watching tv. They seemed to be able to afford the down time because there wasn't a soul in the house. I waited awkwardly by the counter, then said, "Excuse me," three times to no avail. Then suddenly, for some reason, the chef looked up, barked something and a waitress came out with my order.First things first: if you are a full-time Dim Sum restaurant, you need to have some staples that come with availability. All sweet items are done ONLY on weekends. This includes the custard tarts, coconut rolls, fried pineapple rolls, ANYTHING that resembles a dessert, and one of the biggest staples of dim sum and one of my personal favorites, zha leung cheung fun, also known as Chinese fried dough wrapped in rice noodle. I know how this may sound, but for those of you who have experienced a good zha leung cheung fun, you know what I'm talkin'bout. That taken off my order, I almost decided to wait for the weekend, BUT I was only 15 out of the thirty minutes away in a car with no air conditioning - I may as well tough the damn thing out. Also up on the list: pork and shrimp dumplings, fried shrimp balls, and chicken feet. This is my usual dim sum test. Something I like and is easy (dumplings), something I hadn't tried before (shrimp balls), and... the feet. You can always tell how good a dim sum place is going to be by their chicken feet. In this case, the chicken feet were cooked moderately well, but had no seasoning whatsoever and what little sauce there was was very bland. The meat in the dumplings tasted good, but had an odd texture of not ground, but pureed. It took me a couple to get used to it. The shrimp balls were huge, and delicious. However, the outside was soggy instead of the crunchy I was hoping for. All in all, hoping for a better dim sum experience. Now all I can do is place my hope in the Dragon Court. Wish me luck.
5	Dim Sum,. To borrow a phrase from Tracy Jordan, I want to get Dim Sum pregnant. It's a great place to go in the odd time in the middle of the day when you don't know if restaurants take a siesta, they are open straight through. They also have house made soy sauce, be sure to ask for some.  I am fine with only ordering dim sum, but my friends wanted some Chinese food too, I was like.... well, how I always am.  Order away!  We had some house fried rice and Szechuan beef, both were pretty darn tasty. This restaurant is everything I love, it's the kind of restaurant you drive by and wonder what it's all about and then you try it and you can't think of any place else..
4	Yes, I like this place a lot.I mean it's real Chinese food, well I should say real HongKong food. I'm not from HK, but I like it. I would recommend the beef pot(I don't know whether this is the right translation.) and all the dim sum there.Good food and all my friends love it.
1	Dim Sum here is terrible.  Charlotte does not have enough competition for Dim Sum.  I used to live in Atlanta.  I enjoyed the dim sum houses there.  I grade Dim Houses with a curve in Charlotte.  I am not expecting them to be as good as Atlanta.  Even with a curve, the dim sum is terrible.     I went on a weekend.  Many of the dumplings were obviously frozen and not fresh.  Dim Sum was very heavy as well.  I only ordered steam items and a few pan fried items.  However, I had a real full stomach.  I was not feeling good at all.  I did not even eat much.  The dim sum was flavorless and greasy.   If you live in Charlotte, go to China Delight in Atlanta to get good dim sum.
4	The exterior is not attractive.  The food is more than fine for Charlotte standard. I waited for 10 min for my take-out.  Really not that bad except of course, you have to appreciate the authenticity of this place--in the mist of Vietnamese town and all.The price is on the expensive side and I was fortunate enough to have enjoyed cheap and more delicious food in SF and LA. But this will do as far as fixing my craving goes...
4	I came here while on a trip to NC!! Unforgettable because their hot and sour soup is UNLIKE any other!! I am obsessed over Hot & Sour soup so yeah...it DOESN'T really taste like hot & sour soup...but it IS SO good! 2.94$ for a small bowl, I really recommend it...It comes with the fried noodle you put in. BTW their fortune cookies they give out at the end doesn't have trans fat. Plus they were sooo good, unlike the typical fortune cookies given here in CA. I am not exaggerating . Besides that, me and my friends got steamed buns...they were OK.Staff are super friendly and memorable, despite the fact that we just ordered soup and steamed buns and didn't take any recommendations (we had to eat steak in a few hrs so..). I wish I could try more things..the menu look so tasty and the soups tasted really high quality.  Would pay for an NC ticket again to come back!
5	I went there for the first time with  my friends who came from California and Georgia. We were craving soup on that cold, rainy day. We had a dinner date at a steakhouse in a few hours but we wanted soup due to our light lunch.We went in and was quickly seated by the super awesome waitress. She commented on how cute we were dressed and was very friendly. She was patient with us and always had a smile on her face. I felt bad that we didn't order much, just soup and 2 orders of steamed buns.The soup was EXCELLENT! I ordered the won ton soup. It was full of flavor! The buns were soft and moist! We were also given hot tea as well! It was the best tasting tea ever, no lies! I loved mine with the sugar cubes.After this visit, I told my sister about it and the following week, we went back. Again, EXCELLENT service. We were served by the same waitress and another one as well. Both were extremely friendly and patient with our time-consuming decisions. The waitress even remembered me from the previous week, even though I was extremely dressed down! ^_^We ordered a lot of food. Excuse me if I spell some of the names wrong! The shrimp fried rice was moist and full of flavor. I'm VERY picky about my fried rice, and this place has one of the best fried rice ever. We also ordered chicken feet, which was delicious! Pan friend dumpling, which were HUGE and delicious! We also got shui mai, sesame chicken, chow fun, tripe, sesame buns, pork buns, and wonton soup. Everything was good! We ordered so much food though T___T It was hard to finish even though it was good. We avoid packing it to go because nothing's good to go when it's cooked so fresh like this!They have typical "Americanized Chinese Food" and Authentic chinese food. The only downfall for this place is their location and site property. It looks a little rough on the outside, but the inside is beautifully decorated and very clean. Customer service makes a huge difference for me. When a customer would enter, the waitresses know them by name and would greet them such! They are soooo friendly, seriously! Give them a try.
3	Food is not stellar the atmosphere is kind of gloomy like eating in a basement. I haven't found another place in Charlotte that can beat this though, sad to say! The staff is decent, the ladies up front are really nice! It's a decent place if you are really desperate for some dim sum. They have a good selection in their menu too.
4	Before I went to China with a group from college we were brought here for the most authentic Chinese food Charlotte has to offer. Find a friend and make your way to Dim Sum!
4	Go for Sunday lunch when the carts are being pushed around like race cars.  Bring the kids and turn them on to different food.  Try the leek dumplings and the salt and pepper calamari.  Tasty little suckers.  Not quite like being in Chinatown in NYC but for Charlotte, it's as close as you can get.  They celebrate Chinese New Year the first Sunday in February and two years ago, there was this evil white dude sitting on top of the restaurant throwing firecrackers down on the performers.  What the ?!?  But I guess he knew the owners because they saw him and let him keep doing it.  By the way, you can get in and out of this place in about 5 minutes.  Everything is super fast.  It gets really busy at around 12 noon on Sunday, so go a bit early or on the late side.  And the kiddies get free lollipops after the meal.
5	I have yet to find a better Chinese restaurant in Charlotte.  I actually bought my house in the neighborhood because we kept passing the Dim Sum place and I asked the realtor "hey, what's up that street in front of the Dim Sum" and there was my house, For Sale By Owner, I'd never have found it if it weren't for Dim Sum.  And when I moved in and my refrigerator didn't get delivered for 10 days, they pretty much fed me daily.  I was hooked.  Five years later, I still go there all the time, and every friend or family member who comes to town gets taken there.  I've never had anything that wasn't good.  Dim Sum on Saturday and Sunday mornings, with the little carts going full steam, is of course the big draw, but you can order most of the little dim sum treats any time you come in there.  Every now and then the waitresses will tell me that I should try some special dish.  I got a lamb hotpot that way that I've never seen on the menu since.
4	Best Dim Sum in Charlotte. I love the no frills, strip mall appearance of the restaurant. Staff was very friendly, food came out quickly and was delicious! I have been here on Sundays when they push the carts around - I like that so you can "see" what you are ordering. I did Dim Sum last night and went off of the pictures on the menu (see picture). Price was OK, not too expensive or cheap. I will go back. More fun with a larger group of people so you can share!
4	Came in last night and at first i was a little skeptical but the lady's here are so sweet! The decor is nothing great but I defiantly think it's worth a trip!So i had come here first (yelp)  to check out the reviews and to see what everyone had liked. So I tried to order some of that to round out our meal. We had ordered a bunch off of the Dim Sum menu and then per Pourinas recommendation had the Chinese Broccoli with the Garlic sauce-Delicious and Fresh it has gone up in price $1 i think but they let you know that upon ordering I was totally fine with it though. Other favorites were the Won Ton Soup- the Won Tons were so good I got one to go for lunch today :) . I also really liked the Taro Shrimp with a lil Soy sauce on them. The Shrimp Dumpling were great along with the Pork Dumplings (HUGE). We had the Sesame Balls which the server said was basically they're dessert during the week because the others aren't served till the weekend...I will be back for more! My not so favorite but not at any fault of the cooks but because I had never had them before and the texture was all wrong in my mouth I found it hard to swallow...The Turnip Cakes. They were just kinda gooey and a very strange taste if only you could've seen my face...Priceless. We also had the Pork Steamed Buns and also the Steamed Buns with Chicken and Pork....I'm not sure how I felt about them because they came last to the table and I was already getting full so I really only had a bite of each and the only complaint would be that they're was too much bread around the meat but the flavor seemed to be good.I would say we had a great dinner and we will definitely be back perhaps with others so we can try more! Our server told us to come in on the weekends to take advantage of the carts going around so that we can pick out what we want based on the way they look too! I'm down for this Saturday just so I can have more!!
4	I've been coming here for many years and at last I'm writing my first review.My first Dim Sum experience was Mirawa in LA's Chinatown.The bar was set high because of that most excellent experience.Since then I've had Dim Sum in San Francisco, New York and DC.This place is a Charlotte highlight.The food is authentic, fresh and affordable. During the week you  can order Dim Sum style from the menu. On the weekends they roll the carts with traditional fare.Siu Maai, ha gaau and char siu baau are all excellent. I would also recommend the chicken, pork or shrimp fried rice.The tea is fair to average. We asked for Jasmine but it wasn't quite up to par.You will get excellent service any time but expect a wait on weekends.They have recently upgraded the carpet and fixtures.Business is good.
4	Love my Dim Sum ! Have tried dim sum in LA, San Francisco, Seattle, Vancouver, NYC, Atlanta, Maryland, Minnesota, Orlando and Toronto. Definitely go on weekends. more so on Saturday when its freshest ! Enjoyed all the dumplings.
5	Like the best places for dim sum that I've visited around the country, the exterior of Dim Sum Chinese Restaurant is relatively nondescript.  Some Chinese writing on the building and a sign with the restaurant name are the only clues that indicate that this is a restaurant and not a laundromat.  But what's waiting for you inside is delightful!We opted to go to Dim Sum Chinese Restaurant on Sunday between 11 AM and 3 PM, which is when they use the steam carts. As far as I'm concerned, this is the real way to have dim sum. The best and most authentic places I visited in Los Angeles have tables that are set with plates, chopsticks, an order card, and a pot of hot tea. No forks in sight, you have to ask for them - and the absolute best places don't even have them to give you! Here at Dim Sum in Charlotte, the tables were set with plates, chopsticks, and forks, which was fine and what I expected. One of the servers came over to take our drink order, and the first thing she said was hot tea, which I asked for. But they also had soft drinks and lemonade for my kids. Then the first of the carts came around.So the carts came around very quickly at first, as the servers wanted to make sure you got something you wanted right away.  They had pork dumplings, shrimp dumplings in glutinous rice, fried shrimp balls, leek dumplings, pot stickers, Chinese broccoli, pork buns, sesame balls, turnip cakes, spare ribs, sticky rice, and an assortment of other items. I loved each and every bite. I have to admit that my young children were a little harder to please, but they at least each found something that they liked. The carts then slowed down a bit and just swung by every once in a while to make sure we didn't need something else. We did get additional plates of the most popular dishes with my kids. As for me - it was all bliss!The atmosphere of the place was fairly simple, but with all the cart activity to watch it didn't matter.  The servers were very friendly and doted on my kids. They explained the items as best they could when we had questions.The bill ended up being $62 including drinks and tax - outstanding for seven people enjoying such a unique dining experience. The bigger your group, the better the overall price.  Since I was paying cash, I asked about the tip and they said to go ahead and leave it on the table since it would be split among all the servers. With that, we were on our way - after a visit to the fish and lobster tanks with the kids of course - completely full, happy, and with every intention of returning to Dim Sum Chinese Restaurant soon!
4	Best dim sum in Charlotte. Nowhere else is comparable. Food is pretty good and fresh. Make sure to get there early on weekends BC there is always a line
4	My wife is Chinese and I lived in Hong Kong for seven years. We are so pleased that there's good dim sum in Charlotte at the "Dim Sum" restaurant.If you go at the weekend there's a good selection and it's served from carts to your table.The chicken feet with black bean cause is one of our favourites, the shrimp dumplings (Har Gow) are pretty good.All in all if you can't get to New York or the west coast this is as good as you'll get.The staff are extremely friendly and if there's a line out the door it's worth joining it.
2	Ugh, this food is horrible. How can so many people like this place?!?!?! Went to dim sum here on a saturday morning and it was very empty. There were only about 3 carts going around and only went around ONCE.  I had to ask someone to come over and help us, but they only ended up bringing a specific plate over than the carts again. Oily stomach lining, slippery wontons....I feel like vomiting just writing about it.
3	We went to Dim Sum on a recommendation for, well, dim sum.  We hadn't had any since we were in San Francisco's Chinatown a couple of years ago.  We went on a Sunday evening; it wasn't crowded, but there were a few filled tables here and there.  The dining room isn't very impressive.  It's just one big room, and we felt they could really do more with the atmosphere.  Even throwing up Asian freestanding screens to section off the tables would be an improvement.  And perhaps taking a wet sponge to some of the walls.We ordered two cups of soup to start, followed by five small items off their dim sum menu to share.  Their regular menu of Chinese dishes looks pretty extensive compared to their relatively small dim sum menu.  We weren't sure what all of the dim sum dishes were, but we knew enough to steer clear of anything with the word "feet" in its title.  After ordering on the slow Sunday night, we waited for what seemed a bit too long.  Finally, the first dim sum item came out and we guessed the soups would follow later.  We were just glad to have some food finally.  The first item was a dish of shrimp and pork stuffed dumplings.  They tasted fantastic and were so full of meat.  Next came some sesame seed balls/buns, stuffed pepper, steaming hot spring rolls, and stuffed bean curd (tofu).   All were good, but I'd single out the dumplings and sesame seed balls/buns and definitely would order these again.  Still no soup, though.  We waited a long time for our server to return after we'd eaten everything and when she finally did, she brought the check.  We figured we weren't getting any soup, which was fine at this point.  That is until it appeared on the bill.   I mentioned it to the server and she apologized and brought out the soup.  I still wanted to taste their hot and sour soup.  It was good and better than most, but I still have to say that my favorite is at Jo Jo's China Bistro, even though that's not technically an "authentic" Chinese restaurant.  I'd give Dim Sum a second chance, but I'd probably just order off their regular menu or get take-out.  It looks like they have some pretty good inexpensive lunch items, too.
3	This place will surely satisfy anyone hankering for dim sum. This place has turned into one of my Sunday brunch standbys -- wait time is minimal, the dim sum carts come around regularly, and prices are ok . . . not cheap by NYC, Frisco or Toronto standards. What's good? The sticky rice in banana leaves, long shrimp rice, all the dumplings are good, and the Chinese broccoli.I am taking a star away because they were missing some of my favorite dim sum staples: Almond tofu, congee and chive dumplings.
3	The dim sum is good.  Make sure to ask if fresh when addressing the fried cart.  Feel free to lift the lids of the plates on the carts and try the options the waiters don't offer.  Tasty items like slow braised chicken feet are usually never offered to Americans.  try everything at least once.  Worse case you spit it out!  I don't give 5 stars because the menu is static and rarely changes. Can't convince them to put a noodle option.  When they do. I'll give up another star.
2	I was told I *needed* to come here and get dim sum as soon as I got into town. Never one to turn down tasty Chinese foods, my cousin and I met up with two friends for lunch.Our friend, a regular at this place, put himself in charge of ordering dim sum for all of us. Knowing he knew his stuff and also too lazy to care, we trusted him. He ordered shrimp shu mai, fried taro dumplings, fried pork dumplings, chicken and pork buns, taro shrimp, and stuffed eggplant.The fried pork dumplings were much bigger than the ones I'm used to from Prosperity Dumpling back home, but still good. The wrappers were still thin and the filling was legit. I enjoyed the stuffed eggplant, and the shu mai was okay (I am not a huge fan of shrimp shu mai for whatever reason). Despite that goodness, our meal was a bit disappointing. We asked for chili oil and were told they were out. Needless to say, everyone at the table was upset. Even if they made their own and ran out somehow, they could have hit up any of the 373958 Asian markets on Central (like the one next door!) to get a temporary supply. Later, we learned they did not have any chicken and pork buns, so were given regular pork buns as a substitute. Our taro dumplings, which I usually love, were crispy, but were not cooked through. My friend mused that his was cold. I bit into mine and upon first bite, nearly burnt the roof of my mouth. However, my next bite was lukewarm. The prices here were okay and the service was good, but I felt it didn't live up to the hype. I would like to give it another chance, but I'm not going to go out of my way to get back there when there are so many other places to eat in this city.
4	Food: Lots of dim sum favorites like cheung fan, lo mai gai, har gau, siu maiDecor: Low ceiling, uneven flooring, cluttered feel.Service: Lots of staff to help make the right choices, score the right dishes, and clean up after.  Friendly and wager to help.
4	LOVE!  I'm so glad Charlotte has a dim sum place.  I'm also glad how authentic it is too.  The surrounding area is a bit ghetto but I'm sure we can overlook that for some legit dim dim. As most Asian restaurants go, if you can speak the language- you can order off the menu.  However, you wouldn't really need to here because everything on the menu is superb!Definitely worth the trip across town!
4	Driving back to Atlanta from RTP with Colleagues from Asia and they really wanted Chinese.These guy feed me like a king when I am on their turf so the pressure was on. PF Chang was not really what they needed so I hit yelp and one of the other guys pulled Trip Advisor and he found this place.We ordered 5 Dim Sum dishes, all stuff that couldn't have been bought frozen. All great.Ordered Singapore Curried Noodles and a crazy large serving of Seafood Hor Fun. Both where fantastic. Also had a couple simple veg dishes that where Wok'd just right.The place is not very appealing from the street. When you get inside it is very old school Chinese and pretty dated but I like it that way. The d'core was just like most of the places we eat in in South China and South East Asia.My friends loved the food and especially the authenticity. They liked having "real" food for breakfast too. Like I said the Hor Fun was really big!!!!!If you want a fancy setting go to PF Chang. If you want really authentic and high quality Dim Sum and Cantonese Chinese, this is the place.It is in my GPS now for my next trip to RTP.
4	yum yum dim sum!
2	They have pretty good  variety of food loaded in total of 3 carts, and other dishes you could get it by odering. But I am not impressed by the quality. All the food tasted like MSG, some of them are either too dry or already cold. and they did not tasted like they were freshly made. I don't think the meal was worth the money at all, very disappointed.Maybe I got too spoiled in San Francisco, but I think I'll rather give up dim sum if this is the only place you can get it in Charlotte!!
5	Awesome food!
3	This is on,y the second time that I have had dim sum in my life ever so it's had for me to gauge the authenticity.  I can say that we were served warm plates of tasty stuff.Came here hungry with a coupla buddies of mine and left completely comatosed.  It's been a week or so since I went so I dont' have a good recollection.Sorry.  Too bad--Yelp! is more for me anyways :/dmo out
3	Since they don't have much competition in the Dim Sum category, I thought they could get away with crappy food but actually this place is pretty decent.The menu items are standard across all dim sum places - I usually base my judgement of dim sum places on their chicken feet, spare ribs, haw gow, and siu mai. All these items were about right. One particular item of note is the fried taro/shrimp patty. The shrimp paste patty is battered with shredded taro and fried. Crispy, shrimpy and tasty. One thing that I wouldn't order again is the roast pork - barely any flavor and not roasted enough.The dearth of decent Chinese food in Charlotte has left my standards pretty low. It's pricer than what dim sum should normally be, but again, they can get away with that and it's solid food so I'm willing to pay it.
1	You would be better off going to a Asian store and buying frozen dim sum. Price was ridiculous for dim sum and the area and quality totally not worth going! Was very disappointed . I have had plenty of Dim Sum all over the country. Would not recommend this to anyone who knows Dim Sum.
4	Leave it to Charlotte to have a dim sum restaurant NAMED Dim Sum Chinese Restaurant. Only natives understand the complex simplicity of this concept. This is one of two restaurants that serve dim sum in all of Charlotte. Thus, market strategy = all discreetness voided. Despite the lack of creativity in the name and competition, the dim sum here is pretty good and actually better than the places I've tried in Atlanta. The dishes are flavorful and the food authentic. My favorites are the fried taro balls and stuffed eggplants.Sundays are when they push the carts around. I recommend coming early (12pm or earlier) so you'll have dibs on "the good stuff." They always run out of my favorites early. Plus, that's when the food is hot and fresh!
4	Loved the food! Lived in Asia for the most part of my life. This is one of the closest thing for a full Dimsum Chinese restaurant.
4	Weekend mornings, legit Dim Sum!Really enjoy the food here each time I come for Dim Sum on the weekends.When there's loads of Chinese people each time I come here, you certainly get the feeling that you're enjoying some authentic food.Be prepared to not know what everything is! Not that I've had food I didn't enjoy, and they are always willing to try and help you understand.Can definitely keep this under budget, and with all the small size choices rolling around you won't leave dissapointed.
3	After a year of being in Charlotte, I finally gotten around to go to this place.. Hearing all the hype about this place.Place - decent, reminds me of your typical Chinese restaurant that just needs a bit more of a reno (that is just me being picky).  The restaurant was easy to find, with their red and yellow sign. Parking may be tough if it is busy, since there are limited spots in the front.  A friend suggested to come early Sat at 11am, to get a table before it quickly fills up.Food - not great, but good. I guess it is as good as it will get in Charlotte. I do miss Houston, TX and NYC's dim sum food.   . I found the 'ha gao' (shrimp dumpling in clear flour) to be mushy =\   . Their steamed rice with pork, sausage, and mushroom wrapped in banana leaf - was delicious and fulfilling   . Egg custard is good, happy with the taste.   . Chrysanthemum tea is good to help with digestion when you are full.   . My husband who avoids eating chicken feet, was pushed to try it from a friend of ours - he actually liked it. Said the flavor was better than others that he have tried before.Service - good enough.
4	The food was not the best Dim Sum I have ever had, but it was decent especially considering the area has little from which to choose. The service left much to be desired.
5	Ooh, where was this place all this while? I started going to this place for their dim sum lunch on weekends, because I like to have dim sum, especially when served on carts being pushed around the floor. I really enjoy their pork and shrimp dumplings, and the sauteed garlic beans are awesome too, though they don't always have them.Last week, for the first time we went here for dinner. Wow, it's like a whole other world in the evenings. While the place is jam-packed for weekend brunch with a wait almost always, for dinner they are always hardly filled. When we got there, only two other tables were occupied. The head chef came over and started talking to us about the menu and soon we were having a conversation about how everyone makes hotpot differently. It was a very insightful conversation. He told us what ingredients go in the chili oil that they have (there are 10 different things in there, btw). He was extremely friendly and enthusiastic, and patiently answered all of our questions.My boyfriend ordered the orange beef, I had the Eight Treasure Hotpot and our friend had the vegetarian Ho Fun. I think the Ho Fun was my favorite (yes, he let me try some). However, my hotpot was delicious too, as was my boyfriend's orange beef. Btw, when I say hotpot, I don't mean food that's cooked at the table in front of us. Their hotpot is basically a soupy medley of veggies, meat and tons of flavor, brought to the table in a really really hot pot. Also, let me warn you about their serving sizes... They are LARGE. The hotpot lasted me three meals including the in-house dinner. My boyfriend finished his orange beef, but that's because he dined on it without the rice so we had a big bowl of rice to take home, and our friend had some ho fun left over too. The prices are amazing... This dinner cost less than what our lunch there costs, although we do seem to lose track of how much we are ordering when there's all this mouth-watering food being pushed around us. I can't wait to go here again, although next time I know what I'm getting. One huge order of Ho Fun, baby... And all to myself!PS: Their pan fried noodles are delicious too.
3	Even though Dim Sum is a 5 minute walk from our house we go across town to a different restaurant.  When we moved to Charlotte 6 years ago we tried Dim Sum & it was horribly greasy & unedible. A few years later we tried it again, still greasy.We went last week and the food was totally different, possibly the best chicken fried rice I've ever had. It took forever for our food to come out since there were 4 or 5 huge (10+ people) & there was only cook.  The only negative was a crazy fight that broke out behind us about a crying child.
2	Growing up, I used to go here every Sunday, however stopped for 5 years and I finally made back couple of weeks ago. So, what's my thought?I'm truly disappointed. Their dim sum wasn't fresh anymore. How would I know? 1. I inherited my parents' (my father used to be a chef) canine-like nose and taste, so I definitely know when something isn't fresh. 2. I've been to NYC and Atlanta, so if you want fresh dim sum then you have to try those places first and then tell me if Dim Sum is still good or not. I'm not trying to be mean, but this place isn't authentic anymore. I think due to the change in clientele that this place americanized their dim sum. I'm definitely will not be plan on going back for any reason. I think I'll stick with my random trips to Atlanta and get dim sum there.
5	Our family was visiting Charlotte and I had an enormous craving for dim sum.  Especially since the dim sum offerings in Pittsburgh leave quite a bit to be desired.We stopped in on a weekday for lunch so that means that you can have dim sum if you want, but you have to order off a menu instead of picking off a steam cart.  The steam cart and the delicious desserts are for the weekends only.  Darn.However, even though we had to order off the menu, everything ... and I mean EVERYTHING ... we ordered was delicious.  Not one clunker amongst the bunch.So, here's what we ordered:Siu Mai (pork and shrimp dumplings, steamed)Stuffed bean curd (fried tofu with shrimp)Pork bun (steamed) Sharkfin dumpling - perfectFried dumpling - also perfectSpring roll (chicken) - yep, perfectSesame ball - my kids loved thisAgain, everything we ordered was excellent and the service was quite attentive and cheerful.  Our pre-tip total came to $32 for our family of 4.I wish I lived closer to this little gem of a place.  But for tourists who ended up here thanks to Yelp, this was a highlight for me on this trip!
5	Wow do not judge a book by its cover! this place is the real deal, good food, good service, we had a full spread, Dim Sum and Peking Duck. Pork buns are super good, chicken spring rolls were tasty, duck was fantastic!  Our server was so nice and friendly, we were the last people in the Restaurant we closed it down, our first time and we felt right at home, cutting up with the staff we were all laughing and joking around. Good time Good Food Good Friends  it gets no better than this!
5	"American Chinese", Authentic Chinese and Dim Sum!    If you have never had Dim Sum the menu has photos so you can see what it looks like!  If you take a friend or two (or 5) it is really great because you can have tastes of many small dishes and if you do not care for one you don't have an entire plate of one flavor!  They also have another menu that has what they call "Authentic Chinese Cuisine" for the MORE adventurous (more adventurous than Dim Sum) and "Chinese" (American as they say Chinese food for the uhhh less adventurous - Maybe I should not say that "Dim Sum" only sounds adventurous when you have not experienced it!  I have eaten selections from all three parts of the menu and here are the most recent dishes I have tasted!  Some Dim Sum is too plain for me.Sesame Seed Balls are Delicious!Wonton Soup! Very nice version!Chicken Feet!  Boney yet Flavorful!  Glad I ate these though I was not making any Future Predictions!  Not planning any predictions, yet I was very VERY tempted to save the bones, though not for THAT!Eggplant stuffed with Shrimp, better than 4 stars almost 5, with the House made Soy, ummmmh!  I have eaten these several times and all my Friends like these as one of the Favorites!Shark Fin Dumpling...I'm NOT a fan, yet this one is very popular so do not go completely on my recommendation unless you see from other reviews that you like the flavors I do!House Brewed Soy Sauce ! ! !  Ask for it ! ! ! Turnip Cake was OK.Leak Dumpling, this one is pretty good 4 starsShrimp and Taro Root Szechuan Beef 4 starsRibs... I do NOT recommend unless you have an idea about Chinese Ribs! 1 star!
2	So I use to eat here quite frequently but stopped since my palete has since expanded. So we went here today for a quickly. And we ordered the shiu mai which was a shrimp dumpling. Which is typically one of their best dishes. Let me tell you something, it sucked.... badly. Because you could tell it was not fresh. It looked like something they had previous steamed and it was left over that was resteemed. Second, the rest of their dumpling was just aokay. I order the fried crispy rice noodle crepe. And it eventually never made it out. The manager apologized profusely, which was very kind of her. But nonetheless it doesn't makeup for less than average dim sum. The weird thing is on the weekends, I feel like it tastes better because it is more fresh. And another pet peeve of mine is when the food comes out at different times. They literally brought the dish out one by one, with a freaking 5 minute interval in between.
3	I like Dim Sum Chinese. It can definitely use a makeover. Not necessarily the cleanest, nicest digs. And the day that we went, we got there soon after it opened...thus, we were the only ones in attendance and thus, the energy was a little low in there. So I cannot accurately describe the service, other than to say that they were very attentive to us :) But I hear that it gets super busy on the weekends and that it's a completely different vibe in there. But ultimately you want to know about the food right? The food was pretty good. To be honest, we really enjoyed the various dishes that we tried. The dumplings seem to come to mind as I write this. Pork and shrimp dumplings were excellent.The prices are very reasonable. If you give it a shot, I think you'll like it!
1	Do not get the spare ribs with black bean sauce unless you are more adventurous/insane. It was a gelatinous surprise. I wasn't sure what part of the animal I was really eating. It did not come out in rib form, it was all hacked and thrown together. It was honestly ghastly. I tried a bite. Nope, but still politely paid for it. O the quiet dissonance. Google image spare ribs. Yeah, I thought it would at least resemble that-obviously smaller- with a different sauce. *After re googling "chinese spare ribs" I am a bit alarmed at how different my dish was from all of the images that showed up. The sauce was described as black bean but came out clear and mucus like. Black bean was a really misleading image.The glass they brought my drink in was not clean. I mean, it was really not clean.  Skin/lip gloss. Lip residue. I asked if I could have a drink in a can and they just brought me the same drink in another glass.The chicken and pork steamed buns here had a mold looking residue on the paper beneath them. I still ate it for some reason? Over compensating here... Service was OK. The sanitation score is 88.5.I got some lo mein/chicken dish to go and the entire time I was convinced the chicken they used was uterus. It was in these weird, long, thin strips, that sort of curled. They had these strange indentations all through out one side of the chicken. I feel like a jerk writing this, but what is that meat? Throw some white chicken breast in that instead and it would be wonderful. The noodles were wonderful, the meat was sketchy. Yet, I still ate it.This seems to be a neighborhood favorite place for some reason?
2	Dim sum was ok.  Chung Funn was not good.
1	I would give this 0 star if I can. We went in Sunday to start our day with some dim sums, since they are the freshest on Sunday. And they actually roll the dim sum in carts.When we walked in, I can see they are very busy. And there's 3 pplz in front of us. The front lady asked us how many, after I told her 2 she just walk off seating a guy in front of us. She came back and start seating these 2 pplz came after us. And then another lady came to ask how many we have. While I was telling her 2 pplz, the previous walked back and seat these 4 pplz just walk in.So I asked her is there supposed to be a line. She was like no, they seat according to table. I was like I understand if the table fit 10, then u don't want to use it for 2 pplz. However if the table fit 4, I expected to be seat before other pplz that just walk in.The dim sum is not the best, but it'll do for Charlotte. It's just that lady just ruined my whole mood to eat there, so we walk out and decided to try Krazy Fish down the road.Probably will not go back for a long while!!!
5	This dim sum is for real.  I'm mainly gonna rave about how I like the food.  The ambience is simple (like most Chinese restaurants I've ever seen) and it's true you will see a lot of Chinese people dining here, which is always a vote of confidence in my book.  You can also get take-out, which is usually what I do, and enjoy your gluttony in privacy.So back to the food, after reminiscing a second.  Summertimes growing up we used to visit relatives in San Francisco and eat dim sum in Chinatown.  Short of traveling halfway around the world, I have to think that dining in a big-city Chinatown restaurant is about as authentic as it gets.  When I moved to Charlotte I was so happy to find a restaurant that served this cuisine and thought it was amazing--the variety, the authenticity, and the overwhelming yumminess!  But a part of me doubted my judgment since maybe my childhood pork bun memories are hazy.Recently I went back to San Fran and had dim sum, lots of different dishes, and I thought, "Huh, this tastes exactly like the one in my neighborhood."  Score for Plaza Midwood and Charlotte!  So if you love dim sum, but have wondered if this could be any good, try it!
1	So, obviously, I'm one of those people who doesn't learn from their mistakes.  This time, instead of going into the restaurant for dim sum, we ordered Chinese takeout.  The soups were meh.  Neither the wonton nor the hot and sour soup had much flavor.  Next came the entrees.  For our family dinner night, we ordered Sesame Chicken, Orange Chicken, and Sweet & Sour Chicken entrees.  Neither of the kids cared much for the Sweet & Sour Chicken.  They said it "tasted funny."  They didn't even want to put on the sweet, sticky red sauce that came in a big container on the side.  And what kid doesn't love that?  That's never been an issue before.  My partner had the Orange Chicken which looked and tasted like chicken covered in the exact same red sweet & sour sauce.  He, too, was not thrilled.  Mine was the Sesame Chicken.  It, too, came in what looked like the EXACT SAME red sweet & sour sauce with a few (a very few) sesame seeds sprinkled on top.  I've never had Sesame Chicken that wasn't in a flavorful BROWN sauce and covered in sesame seeds.  Mine, too, was practically flavorless.  The accompanying rice they gave us was pretty dry and sticky.  Lastly, there were no fortune cookies to finish off a below-average meal.  To top it all off, the restaurant had apparently significantly raised the prices on everything since the last take-out menu we had on hand.  So, when picking up the order, we paid more than expected and the quality was practically non-existent.  Dim Sum is OFF our list FOREVER for both take-out and dine-in.  As our once-president once said, "Fool me once, shame on ... shame on you. Fool me... You can't get fooled again."
1	We drove all the way from Raleigh (3 hour drive) to eat at this place. We came at 9:00pm thirty minutes before closing. There were quite a few customers in there at the time. As we walked in an older lady shouted we are closed to us and shoo-ing us out the door. We were all upset and about to leave then she throws a paper at us telling us hurry up and order standing there rushing us saying come on hurry up and order. We did not drive all the way to charlotte for this kind of service so we left and didn't even get to eat. We did not appreciate being rushed and forced to order something quickly especially if it's our first time here.
3	Fair food and service. I honestly wasn't impressed the way I expected to be.I went today with a friend and we ordered the shark fin dumplings, jellyfish, steamed roast pork buns, stuffed duck feet, and steamed chicken and pork buns. It all came with a nice big bowl of white rice. We paid about $13 each after splitting our check so it was all fairly priced.Our food wasn't very hot when served and the buns and dumplings had a one-note taste to them. Can't say I didn't like the food overall.
1	Came here with some friends and experienced sub-par food and terrible service. First of all, the food came out really slow for a mid afternoon lunch and hardly any customers. Second, there was a really long hair coiled around a fried dumpling just under the skin and was clearly visible from the outside. I called over the waitress to bring it to her attention and she simply grabbed the plate and left. There was no apology or acknowledgement of the tainted food. We weren't sure if she was going to bring us a new batch or comp the charge so we just ended up waiting for an eternity before she came back.She brought three new dumplings, but my group was too disgusted with the food and the service to even look at them. We asked for the check and another lady (I assume a manager) came to speak with us. She asked us if everything was okay and if there were any problems. She made it seem like the hair incident hadn't been brought to her attention so I mentioned that there was a hair in our food. She rudely answered that she already knew this. So...why did you ask us if we had any problems if you already knew about the issue?? Nevertheless, she gave us a thoughtless, mechanical apology and comped us for only one of the two orders of dumplings even though we didn't eat either of the orders.All in all, I was extremely disappointed in the way they handled the situation and I will definitely not be back.
1	I went  on Sunday with My son. I arrived about 11:25 there were three group ahead of us ,no problem .They have You sign in yourself on the back of take out menu and stand around the register/front door..After 20 minutes the groups were seated so we were next about then  a couple came in and signed in then in minutes they were seated ahead us  so after standing for 25 minutes we left. I called and told them they needed a better system ,like a maybe they write the name or  give you a number ..disappointing
1	I think I made a terrible mistake and ordered Americanized -Chinese food from a Dim Sum Restaurant.  We ordered two extra-crispy General Tso's Chicken with added rice (one white, one fried) and an egg roll. They do not serve combos here so our two entrees came to about $23. There was a lot of food - but it was a little pricier than some of the other fast food Chinese take-out places. I don't mind paying extra if it's tasty- and it really wasn't that much more in terms of price. It was hands down the worst Chinese I have ever tasted. The rice had a rancid flavor - it smelled and tasted quite bad so my husband graciously offered his white rice to me. The base of fried rice is white rice so I doubt it was the rice itself but whatever they put in it was not appetizing. The chicken was soggy, sugary-sweet (tasted like a very spicey sweet and sour sauce, it was even bright red in color) ...it didn't taste like any General Tso's I have tasted before. I barely ate my dinner and because it was take-out I wasn't able to give management a chance to fix it unfortunately. There were a couple of highlights ...the staff went the extra step to attempt to keep the crispy texture and did not sauce the chicken until we picked up our dinners, which was very thoughtful of her. They also have a really delicious homemade eggroll. It was oily but you know what it had actual meat and veggies inside of it and that made me happy. Overall I just can't bring myself to come back for take-out, but I was told the Dim Sum on Sundays is delicious so I may give that a shot in six months once I forget about that rice that will haunt my dreams.
2	When you walk in it smells dirty, looks dirty and old. The food is "OK". For the dim sum aficionados it might be good, but I won't go again just because of how dirty it looks. If the outside feels looks run down, I can't imagine the kitchen.
4	For Charlotte, it's the best dim sum restaurant in town. The food is fresh, very tasty, and it's a relatively authentic experience. If we're comparing to dim sum restaurants in other cities, it would only get 3 stars. The reason is because the food does not come on carts with heating elements. Truly authentic dim sum restaurants actually cook/steam the foods directly on the carts. So it mostly translates to the temperature of the food and crispiness of the fried items. But if you're in Charlotte and want some dim sum, this is as good as it gets and it's still a very good experience, just don't expect it to be as good as you might find elsewhere in the country.
2	Wanted to find out good Dim Sum place as I moved in Charlotte recently. Turned out just fine, I expected more from a 3 and a half star review restaurant.
4	I went by here today with my SO and his mum, and it was pretty good! My 4-star review is situational, I would totally consider it 4 for Charlotte, but it is solid-passable 2-3 star maybe compared to the the dim sum palaces in Toronto, Vancouver and HK proper. There were enough options circling for the pescetarian in our group to put together a meal, and I took home a roast duck plate for later, yum! Prices seemed a little high but that's ok, I do wish they had a menu of what they could bring out from the kitchen since my Cantonese is... rusty, to say the least, and I assume out of politeness my interactions with the staff were mostly in english so nobody at the table would feel left out.
2	The server stepped on my foot while we were waiting to be seated. She acted as if she didn't feel anything. No apology at all!
3	Too greasy for me. But overall, not too bad. The staff was friendly and there's not that many options around here for dim sum. I will admit I've had better..but for NC, it'll do.
1	The food was horrible the service was worse! The woman with dyed short hair acting as hostess is mean n rude! Can't believe I actually spent money there! Won't go bk as long as I am breathin...
1	If I could give it no stars I would. It is dirty and the food is gross. My girlfriend and I didn't eat anything. We just left.  I got the Singapore Mie fun. The shrimp were not cooked, and the noodles where gross.Service was just as bad. No one came to our table for 5-10 minutes..
4	Yum!  It's not Hong Kong, but it's pretty darn good!  Great tasting dishes. Most definitely not low fat, just like the Chinese like it. Not super crowded on a Sunday even right at noon. (I'm new to Charlotte, so maybe the church crowd is bigger than I suspect and they may come a bit later.)  Lots of other Asian spots nearby, too.
5	I'm giving this place five stars because it is a legit dim sum restaurant in Charlotte. It's legit because it has chicken feet in black bean sauce and because they roll out the dim sum on carts, it can be very busy on Sunday afternoon but it slows down around 1:30. They have some excellent dumplings as well as park spareribs, shrimp stuffed eggplant, lotus rice, etc. No atmosphere. It's a Chinese restaurant.
4	Good food that is more authentic than your average chinese restaurant. Definitely worth a try!
3	It's just OK.
5	Being half Chinese and coming from Los Angeles I was looking for Dim Sum a restaurant in Charlotte. I found it and literally the restaurant's name  is exactly what it serves along with other authentic Chinese dishes. I brought my boyfriend here who never had dim sum before, he took a few bite and decided he loves this place. They recently did some renovations on the inside and it looks great. The ladies who work there are really nice and speaks English really well. Enjoy your dining experience, I know I did! :)
4	Authentic Dim Sum in Charlotte.  Definitely not the best neighborhood, nor is the restaurant the cleanest place in the city, but where else can you find an authentic Dim Sum experience in the Queen city?Recently went through a renovation (summer '14) and naturally jacked the prices up on their food.  You'll be looking at a lunch bill around $10 if you want to sample a few Dim Sum offerings and are drinking flat water.  Unfortunately, because of this, the value is rather marginal on their offering - it was a mistake in my book.That said, however, the food itself is tasty and the experience of Dim Sum is unlike your traditional run-of-the-mill offerings around Charlotte, so it's worth a shot.  I'd definitely recommend the leak dumplings, the sticky pork buns, and plenty of that hot/oil/sauce they keep on the table - I eat that stuff straight.
4	I had the Dim Sum with the family, about 10 of us.  The Dim Sum is good not great.  If we were in LA, NY, or San Francisco this place would get 2 stars, but for Charlotte it's a 4.  I don't think there are many options in Charlotte.
