5	To call Urban WarFit a gym is an understatement.  It is a facility to develop, improve and evolve into the person you were meant to be.   I have been to traditional gyms over the years and never have I gotten the physical results I have made in the 6 weeks I  have been going to UWF.  The staff are the best are some of the most experienced to work with.  The clients are also some of the most amazing people as well.  Not only do you receive incredible support via staff, but also everyone else working towards their goals.  I would recommend Urban WarFit to anyone of any age or gender.
5	Urban War Fit (UWB) renders the traditional gym experience mundane and monotonous.  Their qualified staff keep in constant contact to ensure compliance that yields maximum results.CrossFit, Personal training and MMA classes are only part of the reason that makes UWB one of the premier training facilities in the Greater Phoenix Area.Expect others to notice dramatic shifts in your physique and energy after a few dedicated weeks under UWB direction.These guys are amongst the best in the business!
5	Urban Warfit is one of the best experiences I've had in the gym world. After attending a larger gym chain, Urban Warfit has been extremely refreshing.From personal training to MMA to crossfit-style workouts, Urban Warfit has something for everyone. The best part is the trainers who have extensive knowledge not only of fitness but of nutrition. Rob has years of experience that shine through in his treatment of clients. Both Justin and Jake are also very knowledgeable and work well with everybody they encounter.What also distinguishes Urban Warfit from other gyms is that feeling of family and being welcome that Rob, Ali, Justin and Jake extend to everybody who comes to workout. It's not about a number or pushing people into a cookie cutter workout; it's pretty customized.Finally, the clientele are some of the coolest and friendly people you'll meet. They're there to support you and help you succeed. Can't recommend these guys enough
5	I've been going to this gym for 4 days straight now, and although it's a grueling experience during the workouts, it's one of the best gym experiences I've ever had.The trainers are knowledgeable, friendly, but most of all more than willing you teach and encourage you along the way. I've never been in a gym environment where everyone genuinely wanted you to succeed so much!Only attend if you're serious about getting it better shape and excelling at CrossFit. This serious environment means you don't have to navigate around other annoying, time-wasting gym goers.
5	so i bought an online coupon for 5 classes here, as i've found it harder and harder to find a workout that is just as sickening as an MMA workout. since nearly breaking my knee and having a rib pop out, i can't roll with the grapplers like i use to, so i'm forced to look for plyometric and death workouts outside the fighting world. it doesn't seem that hard at first. then the 2 minute mark hits and you think, "ok, i might can get through this", then the next 2 minute mark and you think "maybe i should slow down or i'm not going to last". before you know it, you're regretting that you didn't pace yourself better the first 2 minutes, and you're lungs are burning as are your abs and glutes and quads and there's....shit, 15 more minutes to go? how can i ever last!!!!!!but you do, and when you're done, it feels glorious to have had such a great workout. these guys are all trained in CrossFit (i never knew you had to be certified), so their workouts seem random, are actually very well planned out. they are all very, very passionate about their workouts and get this, stand and watch you! to make sure you are doing the reps correctly without hurting your back or other sundry muscles. what a novel idea...trainers that actually pay attention to you (side-note....i watch the trainers at LA Fitness every morning, and they pay about as much attention to their clients as....well, they don't really pay attention at all). Rob and his wife are excellent owners and their gym is super motivating and exciting. i would HIGHLY recommend Urban WarFit to anyone looking to get into some serious shape without doing the whole gym routine!
4	2nd week in, so far, so good. After moving from NorCal Crossfit...needed to find a new place in Scottsdale. Tried a few places...was not happy with the atmosphere at any of them until we came to Urban Warfit. Coaches are great and the crowd is welcoming and encoraging. The pricing? Can't beat it.
5	I promise you will not be disappointed!!! The knowledge of the trainers at warfit is beyond anything I have ever seen.  Being a woman, something that is impotant to me is to feel "welcomed and non judged" ...if this is what you're looking for, Urban WarFit is your place.  Everyone (members/coaches..) is very encouraging and friendly.  Go once and you'll be addicted like the rest of us fools! Simply put:"it is the best workout of your life, with the best people cheering you on" 5 stars is not enough.
5	Came to Scottsdale for a family weekend and found this awesome jewel of a box.  So I decided to drop in to check it out.  Owner and coach Rob Pyfer and his wife were very nice and led a very fun team Cindy.  The staff and other athletes were friendly and you could tell that they love working out at their box.  The place was very nicely organized for it cozy space and it had all the amenities that you would need to have a great crossfit workout.  If I were to relocate to Scottsdale, this would be the box to join.
5	As one of the other reviewers says "five stars is not enough".  Coach Rob Pyfer is truly one of the most caring individuals I have ever met.  He has a gift for inspiring and pulling the best out of everyone, and from the minute you walk in you feel like family.  His knowledge of all of the elements of Crossfit is top notch.  Crossfit is one of the most physically and mentally demanding workouts you will ever encounter, and if you are serious about your fitness and have not experienced Crossfit then you really aren't serious about your fitness.
5	The place will change your mind set and empower you to push yourself farther than you ever thought possible. Staff is extremely friendly and knowledgable. Members are super friendly and helpful. Being a newbie I did not know what to expect but I was very impressed!
5	Visited this box while in town for a conference. Everyone was incredibly friendly and welcoming, and I even left class with a new one rep max for the power clean. Coach gave great feedback and the gym, while smallish, was well-equipped, clean and well-organized. Will DEFINITELY go back if I'm ever in town again.
5	Urban Warfit is a place I look forward to going everyday. They coaches and members make you feel so welcome. Excellent coaching, well equipped, and ascetically pleasing. By far the best box I've been too.
5	Earlier this year, I won a certificate for 3month membership to Urban WarFit at a zumbathon. After putting it off for a few months, I decided to finally cash in my certificate and give this crossfit thing a shot. I mean, don't get me wrong, up to this point I was very excited to try it out but I wasn't going to go "drinking the kool aid" as they say. I had planned on using up my free trial but planned to go back to my regular group fitness classes where I knew no one after attending hundreds of classes, and had an instructor who would probably never recognize me outside of his class.Once I mustered up enough courage to visit  UWF, I came in on a Saturday for the free 9am class. Yeah, you heard me. FREE. (Come in and check it out sometime! And bring a friend.) Rob, coach and owner, lead a fun and engaging class that day. The dude knows his stuff! My first day in there and I was flipping massive tires and playing with atlas stones, it was amazing! From that day on, I continued to visit UWF 4-5 times a week for three months.Fast forward to today, my three month free trial has since run up. There are at least 4 crossfit boxes much closer to my home than UWF. I have to wake up super early to go workout before work or come home way later than I would like if I go after work since I live (at minimum) 30min away. All that being said, I could never see myself calling any other box home. UWF IS THAT AMAZING!!!! All the coaches are so encouraging and knowledgeable. I've never met a group of people so excited to see other succeed! I've seen more change in my health in these past few months than I have in the past year of hitting the gym regularly. And the members of UWF are not just fellow gym goers, they've become great friends and family (the old Olive Garden slogan of "when you're here, you're family" seems to come to mind).On top of that, the gym is well equipped and clean and has everything you need to meet your fitness goals. Oh! And if you're looking for the whole health and wellness package, Rob is a master at putting together effective meal plans to pair with your workouts that'll get you to your goals. Seriously, if you've spent the time reading this long winded review, just do yourself a favor and get your butt into Urban WarFit Crossfit NOW!!! (Yeah, I drank the kool aid. Heck, I'm swimming in it.)But in all seriousness, every day that I spend at Urban WarFit is a day that I've invested in my own health and happiness. UWF has changed my life and I couldn't be more thankful for the coaches and athletes who have all welcomed me with open arms. Check it out for yourself.
5	Absolutely fantastic gym (I refuse to call them box's).  I travel a ton and have been to 40+ CF gyms since starting in early 2009.  This ranks in the top 3!  I am visiting from SF and decided to drop-in today.  I met Rob and the rest of the coaches and was immediately impressed by the amount of equipment they had and their approach to the sport.  They've got stuff for every type of CF athlete (endurance, strong man, all around strength)...these guys have it all!It's not "bro'd" out with guys wearing Reebok compression CF gear head to toe.  Sometimes when you go to a CF gym all the people talk about is their Fran time or their last deadlift PR.  There is no intimidation factor.  I got the sense it was just good people who love Crossfit.  Their schedule is one of the most flexible I have seen; generally with a class every hour.  And when there is no scheduled class they have open gym.  I will certainly be back and am thankful to have come across this rare gem in a sea of undifferentiated CFs.
5	Took my first 101 class on Monday. Couldn't believe how friendly and welcoming everyone was. From the people who work there, to the ones taking classes, every single person I talked to was so nice. Huge, since I was so nervous about feeling uncomfortable or lost. I signed up right away after that. Feels like home already. Not to mention, the workout was a blast!
5	Great gym with a great atmosphere and staff. If you want results, this is the place to be. Love it.
5	Definitely recommend this box.  I travel a lot for work and go to a lot of boxes throughout the country and I have never been as impressed with the coaches as I was at warfit. Rob, the owner is incredible, he provided some of the best training I have ever had. I would have signed a three year membership contract right then and there if I lived in the area. Five stars without question.
5	Love this place. When you spend multiple hours a day somewhere, it's important to feel comfortable. Urban Warfit makes you feel like family from day 1 and it only gets better.
5	Good box, good programming, good coach, good people.
5	Urban Warfit CrossFit has been a huge part of my life and has helped me evolve into a human being that not only am I proud of but of one that will keep growing and growing with this community. The atmosphere at this location is one of a kind an sit creates that kind of attitude that makes you to ask more from yourself. Whether your goals are weight-loss weight management or weight gain this the the right facility for you. Moreover if you wish to compete in the sport of fitness this facility has it all. Come in now and check out the classes or come into one of the free 9 am classes!
1	If I could leave zero stars, I would.  We've canceled our membership 3 separate times, still are being charged, and every month we are reassured it won't happen again and that our money will be reimbursed.  Yet here we are again, being charged for our canceled membership.  Way to run a business guys.
