4	Great park with open spaces, softball fields, basketball courts, and sand volleyball courts in addition to the tennis center. I walk here almost every day when visiting Scottsdale.
3	This is a review for the playground of this park. It is pretty basic with two swings and I decent jungle gym. But it tends to be a little bit dirty and never has other kids to play with. They do have restroom though for your potty trained little ones.
4	This is a great park.  We came for a birthday party the first time.  The twins loved the path and we went along it a couple of times, which was great since I wanted them to have a long nap.  The playground is also very good, they have a set for the younger toddlers and one for older kids.  My boy used the "surfboard" a bit.  I guess he will follow his daddy's footsteps.
4	Overall, this park is a great place to get out and play. So far, I've only been with my daughter by ourselves, but she seemed to have a ton of fun, which means I had a ton of fun, too!There are a LOT of things you can do at this park. The place where we spent most of our time was the little jungle gym http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/scottsdale-ranch-park-and-tennis-center-scottsdale?select=xwlLZrgaOTH9o8b5AD9E_w#FLdEhKhwaTfS58T_LSfEUg.  Here, my toddler was able to run and climb and expend a bit of energy. There's a lot of natural shade in certain areas around this play area, though it's not completely covered. So, during the summer months, it might not be the perfect place to play, as everything will undoubtedly be BLAZING hot. As I sat on the bench while my daughter ran circles around the sand http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/scottsdale-ranch-park-and-tennis-center-scottsdale?select=xwlLZrgaOTH9o8b5AD9E_w#St7Po_6CpfQlbeRP5-Pj7g, I noticed the myriad of things that this park offers. There are grills and covered pavilions for those times you want to have a nice family outing or a group barbecue. While we were there, a Troupe of Boy Scouts was having an afternoon meeting. These covered pavilions provided a nice area for them http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/scottsdale-ranch-park-and-tennis-center-scottsdale?select=xwlLZrgaOTH9o8b5AD9E_w#4QOOTbV2EFjnqP2E7_GYGQ.In my younger years, I was an avid volleyball player. Adjacent to the picnic area, there are several beach volleyball courts, perfect during the Spring and early Autumn months. I'm too new to AZ to try and play volleyball in this scorching Summer heat!After my daughter grew tired of the sandbox and jungle gym areas, we found our way over to the swing sets. There are only a few seats on the swings, but they do offer seats for babies as well as for older children.From here, we could see several tennis courts, a softball field, and a GIANT open field, perfect for just about anything. You could picnic under some of the shade trees like a family we saw. You could conduct team practices. You could play some flag football. I think you get the idea.Although our trip to the park was fun with just the two of us, I really feel like this place was geared more towards groups. Then again, just about EVERYTHING is more fun when there are other people there with which you can share!
5	This park offers a lot. There is a decent play ground and picnic area. There are places for basketball and beach volleyball though the claim to fame has to be the tennis courts. There are a lot of them and they are lighted late.
