4	I'll lead with the meat:  Sprouts is antibiotic free, hormone free and bovine by-products are not used in the cattle feed-and it's cheaper than Whole Foods.What a nice place!  The staff was very friendly & helpful. The first employee we started a conversation with ended up info-loaded us about the history of Sprouts, Whole Foods and Wild Oats in the valley.  There was also a discussion about mergers between Wild Oats and the Food Whole and union busting activities at a Food Whole in San Francisco.Anyway, I like this local market.  Pretty good prices on produce, lots of variety and a relaxed, easy to navigate shopping experience.
3	If you go to Sprouts, bring a sweater. It's freezing inside.
4	If you are shopping for gluten-free groceries, then this is certainly a place to shop at.  All of the gluten-free foods are clearly labeled with tags (similar to sale tags).  All of the pre-made meat foods, such as hamburgers, filets and brats) are all gluten-free (with some exceptions which can be communicated to you by the deli workers).  They have an excellent selection of gluten-free foods including chicken nuggets, cookies and wafers, cake and brownie mixes, cereals, pizzas, etc.
4	I love the convenience of this place! I love that I can go in, stop by the deli, fill out the form for what kind of sandwich I want for lunch, go to the prepackaged food area, grab a couple things for dinner, scout out a couple new items around the store, and swing back by the deli with my sandwich wrapped with my name on it waiting for me on my way to the check out. They also make it easy to choose healthy options, and I like grabbing the healthy snack of carrots, cucumbers and celery w/ dressing prepackaged by the deli instead of chips as a side for my sandwich. Over all, they are clean, the food is good, and the place is efficient! Lucky for me, they are down the street from my office so I can go there often!
5	I love the location!  It is clean and the employees here are super helpful and friendly.  I've shopped here many times since I moved to Chandler and I have never been disappointed.  In terms of variety and products they have most of the same things that Whole Foods has with the exception of things like a salad bar and deli counter or wine tasting within the store.  I don't NEED those things.  I love being about to go and purchase antibiotic free, hormone free chicken and grass fed beef.  And honestly I don't see a huge price difference between say Sprouts and Fry's and I know what I'm getting at Sprouts.  Their produce section is very nice and everything looks great.  They have a couple of rows of bulk products as well.  Sprouts started in Arizona in 2002.  They are a local company and as near as I can tell they have not sold out to anyone.  I love shopping at local places and putting my money back into the local economy.  They also have a cute website.  Check it out :http://sprouts.com/home.phpThis particular store is not a HUGE place.  I like that.  It does not take long to find the things you need.  It's great if you're in a hurry.  Just run in, grab what you need and you're on your way!Thank you Sprouts!
5	I. Love. Sprouts. This store is truly fantastic. Unfortunately, there is not one close to our house so I do not frequent them as much as I would like to. However, this location is near my work and I will sometimes pop over there on my lunch to do my grocery shopping.I think stores like these have a reputation for being much more expensive than a typical grocery store. My experience has proved otherwise. Granted, we do not eat meat so I am not sure what the comparative prices for those products would be. However, the food we do buy--vegetables, fruit, dairy products, etc--is very affordable. They may be a bit more than what you would spend at Fry's but the quality is certainly a cut above.
4	This is a very nice market.  Their produce is generally very good, and if you ask they will usually cut something open and let you try it.  They have bulk spices, allowing you to get as much or as little as you need.  Same for their bulk grains and nuts.  Their store brand salsa is better than any national brand I can think of.  Their store brand chips are also very good (better than most national brands).  Their meat counter is small, but features all the basics plus a few specialty items.  And many of these meats are "no hormones, no antibiotics" products.Oh...and on Wednesdays they honor BOTH the previous week's ad and the new week's ad.We come here almost every week (often on Wednesday!).  It's a very good market.
5	We buy quite a bit of produce and a few other items here. Never had good luck with the red meat - it is always too lean, tough. Sometimes they have good Ahi Tuna and the sausages are good. The bulk items, when they are on sale, are a good deal.
4	Really like this store...They have a great variety of health products and healthy food options. The staples I buy here are coconut water, all my veggies (they are cheaper than Fry's), wine (great prices), frozen fruits and veggies, meat (although I wish they had a bigger selection, especially more seafood), and I really like the bulk department. They have double ad Wednesday's where two weeks of items are on sale at the same time. You can score some great deals, but be prepared to fight the slow moving crowd. Do not go on a Wednesday if you are in a hurry.
4	They tend to have a great selection of conventionally grown produce (and, no, it's not really a farmer's market.. I wish!).  Their organic produce selection has grown in the past 5 years that I've been shopping here, so I think they'll only grow more with time.  They now at least have a section dedicated to O produce so you don't have to hunt around for it.On Wednesdays, they have double-dip days.. meaning that the previous week's ads and the upcoming week's ads are active on the same day - double the deals!Their meat section is decent - they always carry Organic beef and Organic chicken, and they have Lamb usually and Bison on occasion.  Of course conventional pork, beef, chicken, etc are always there. I would have to say the biggest pluses to this place are their bulk items - everything form choc chips to almond flour.. trail mixes... legumes... all kinds of nuts.. baking flours and even alternative snacks (apricots, dried currants, etc).  The other plus is the Vitamin section - TONS and TONS of options for all kinds of supplements, herbs, vitamins, whatever.. it's a great place to get cosmetics, too as they carry all the Alba, Avalon, Burts, Toms, etc.Occasionally they have the 25% off days for anything in the VItamins/Supplements area or from the Bulk section..  I go crazy up in this place stocking up!Their wine selection is actually very nice for a grocery their size.  They tend to carry small batch vineyards at times and that's nice to grab on occasion..
4	I really enjoy this location cause all the staff is pretty helpful and knowledgeable about there products! They have fantastic specials and great vitamin selection! I love all there bulk items that you can buy, by the ounce!
4	Favorite grocery store in town. Produce is always fresh and the bulk foods section rarely out of stock. The aisles are nice and customer friendly, clean and organized. LOVE LOVE LOVE!
5	The only place for marshmallow avalanche cereal!  It's so much better than regular cereal marshmallow!!!
4	Great place to get organic food. If you are a vegetarian....you would definitely appreciate this place. I buy most if my veggies and fruits here. Also i buy dry lentils and black beans here....and they are yummy once cooked. Oh yea and can get coconut milk.
5	Best grocery store in the valley for fresh vegetables.  Their meat and other products are generally a little bit pricier than Frye's.  They have a large variety of breads, coffees, and pastas, all of which I like.  This Sprouts is great, and really the only place for healthy grocery shopping in PHX.
5	one banana two banana three!!! I love their produce, the selection is right for me! Oh and it's local. sweet.
1	Complete and total bull shit.Not sure how or why they call it a health food store or a farmers market or how it is advertised as organic. A large majority of their produce is conventional and from companies who use GMO. Their dairy isn't local, and neither are the eggs. I bought a pack of green chile tamales and come home to find they are all chicken. You have GOT to be fucking kidding me. The organic, local, non GMO selection in Arizona is slim to none but don't pay extra for regular store shit disguised as natural or organic..
2	Since theres no whole foods in the area, I settled for this nearby Sprouts. One word, outdated. How can a new store be outdated you ask? 1. Returns aren't computerized. They literally write a paragraph on a note pad, have you give a million signatures, IDs, more signatures etc. (I was returning a.duplicate bottle of chardonnay I accidentally purchased guys,  not 234 fillet mignons!) Before the return process began,  the cashier girl had to call a supervisor,  who then proceeded to make a bunch more calls to see if they were allowed to return alcohol. Lets get a little staff knowledge,  please. I do have a life and a schedule and would prefer not to spend and hour making a 40.00 return. If I would have known how this experience would have.gone down, I would have kept the bottle and called it a day.
4	Easy in, easy out! I also love Whole Foods, but I find that I always buy a bunch of things that look good that I don't need when I go there.  They have most of the same products in their health aisle.  I've been very pleased with the organic produce I have purchased from here.  Keep in mind that it is like a Trader Joes, in the sense that they do carry some non-organic items.  So, for a quick trip, Sprouts does the trick.
4	We continue to come to Sprouts.  There are two convenient to us, and we just go to whichever is closer to our route that day.Sprouts has changed a bit.  They now have a deli that makes sandwiches, and they've added a soup and an olive bar.  You can actually walk in and order some lunch now.We've also begun buying most of our meat at Sprouts.  They have regular meat which appears to be like everyone else's, and then they have "organic" which was not given hormones or antibiotics, and their primo stuff is organic AND grass-fed.  Corn is not a natural food for cows, and given enough time it would actually make them sick (though they are slaughtered before that occurs).  The grass-fed is very pricey, so we mostly get the "organic" (including their organic hot dogs).The produce is still good (and they will cut you a piece of apple or orange or whatever so you can try it for yourself!).  Their "canned" products (salsa, sauces, chips, etc) are generally very good.  Their spice section is nice (they have bulk packaging, but you can spoon-out as much or as little as you want; it's priced by the ounce).All in all, a very nice market.  We come here (or the one on Val Vista) a lot.
5	I shop here all the time; I love this store and have never been disappointed! Produce and meats are always fresh. Staff is awesome too!!!
4	Love this place! They have an amazing selection of organic foods as well as a great section of traditional and grass fed meats.  The prices are great too, especially on seasonal fruit and vegatables. If you like coconut milk make sure you try the Sprouts brand.
3	What can you say about Sprouts........ You pay more for food cause you know it isn't really that special but its got a fancy name or you just can't find it somewhere else. On a lighter note, clean store & special people walking around. Gotta love it! Please, go here & buy your food I'm just a realist.
5	I love sprouts and I'm glad there is one near my house and work! I love the meals to go and the food is always fresh. It's a bit on the pricer side for groceries but it's well worth it
4	I was jonesing for a sandwich so I stopped by in recommendation from a friend, and I was not disappointed! Only $3.99 and I got a huge, delicious sandwich that was made super quick! Will definitely be back :)
4	They don't carry everything you need from the supermarket such as personal hygiene products, pet products, or a lot of basic cooking ingredients.However, they have a large, fresh vegetable and fruit section with a lot of hard to find items.  They have lots of fresh cuts of meat.  Their staff in the meat department are very helpful, and will try to accomodate special requests if they can. The pricing is a lot more reasonable the Whole Foods, though they have less of a selection.Parking can be a nightmare.  Be careful!
2	I like Sprouts, but I think I'm finished with this Sprouts.  Been shopping here two, sometimes 3 times a week for the past two years, and never had a 3, 4, or 5 star shopping experience.  There are 1 or 2 cashiers that are usually smiling.  Other than that, the employees are very unfriendly and I have to go seek out help if I have a question.  I don't really mind doing that if I really want something, but once, only once I asked for a couple of things from the meat counter and that employee was so unfriendly, I'll never make that mistake again.  I'll stuff my own chicken breasts, thank you.  And let me take 10 minutes to compose myself after laughing my butt off at the thought of getting any assistance in the supplement aisles.  That section has virtually no help.  I've seen employees standing in that general area.  I've seen one using the makeup samples to apply her face in the morning.  I've seen employees talking to each other in that general area, but not once have I been greeted.  I'm not shy, so I'll go ask for help if I need it, but I'm left unimpressed with the service in this area in particular.  Usually the employees are hard to find, or busy with their conversations with each other.  And like another yelper mentioned, the parking lot is probably one of the most dangerous I've ever been in.  It is not uncommon for me to witness people getting almost run over by one of those idiots who start their car in reverse and start wheeling out into the lot without a look.  I've seen this probably two times a month.  This shopping center also contains a HomeGoods, Stein Mart, and Tuesday Morning and there are many foaming-at-the-mouth women in the lot speeding around, intent on lighting up the credit card, so you have to be very very careful if you venture into this lot.  Anything else?   Well, their remodel was very nice, and I've never had a problem with the quality of items I've purchased here, but I think I'll be trying a different location from now on.
5	UPDATED AND UPGRADED!!! This Sprouts has been greatly upgraded. They now have a large liquor selection and a full deli that serves Boars Head. The shelves are so much larger and they added a lot of products. There is always a lot of staff all around, sometimes too many it seems. Very helpful. I only had one bad experience, and the manager immediately addressed it. Love this place!
5	My experience with Sprouts is pretty limited, seeing as how this is the first (and only) Sprouts location that I've had the opportunity to visit - and, at the moment, I'm relatively easily impressed since I'm currently living in North Dakota and the selection and options up here are pretty dismal.That said... I was ridiculously impressed with Sprouts. Up here in North Dakota, you can't get liquor, wine, or beer in the grocery stores (*le gasp!*), so the thought of being able to pick up all the ingredients for a meal AND pick out a nice bottle of wine (or beer) to go with it is astounding. The selection is fantastic (you Arizonans don't know how good you have it!)I can't say much about the employees, since we didn't really need to get any help finding anything. I was in town on vacation, visiting my parents, and the only reason we'd even stopped in there is because my mom was looking to find some fenugreek for a recipe she was wanting to try out. We found it in the bulk section - even though she forgot to grab the code so the cashier could ring it up. For me, the cashier was the best part... A smiling, dark haired beauty with ruby red lips. I think she was surprised when I offered to run and get the code off of the fenugreek; I don't think she realized that I was with my parents.All in all, I'd quite happily visit Sprouts again - even if just to catch another glimpse of that pretty cashier. ;) Seriously, though... Coming from a current North Dakotan who has limited options, Sprouts is fantastic. I can honestly say that, when I finally get down to Arizona, Sprouts will be the grocery store I stop at first!
4	New to town and really like this market. They have a nice selection of organics and are cheaper than TJ's or Whole Foods. In fact, some of the non-organic produce is even cheaper than the other grocers in town. I try to stick to the sale items each week, otherwise it can be pretty pricy for a family. Oh, and I like the fact that you don't need a special savings "card" to shop here. I agree with other reviewers, the parking lot is crazy!
5	Love this supermarket. there are everything there. All kinds of fruit i've never even imagined. The prices are quite low as well, as expected from a supermarket. A bit crowded with all the carts, but thats ok. The best pretzelbread - try it!
5	Great store with a great selection. Their skinless, boneless chicken is way better than any other store I've shopped at. Great organic selections also and the fruit and nuts are numerous and tasty.
4	Can't say enough about the prices and selection of fruits and vegetables here I stock up with apples from here and they always seem to have everything in stock
