2	Wow, a friend of mine and I walked in this store after seeing all the cute stuff and then walked right out again when we saw the prices.  If you are a skinny, rich, fashionista then you might like this place.  But it is not for me.
1	1 star for some beautiful frocks and reasonably well-edited pieces. 0 stars for some of the worst customer service I have ever experienced. I have been in a couple times and after today, will never be back. Owner is rude.  Rude. Rude. Rude!  Go next door to The Garage or Joy Li. They are sooo nice and have beautiful things. And even though I would rather shop at a locally owned boutique, I would prefer to go to Anthropologue or Nordstrom where they value their customers over this place.  I am still shocked.
1	I spied a 75% off rack at Amy, Inc. I decided I should go and look. I found some wonderful clothes. The girl ringed me up and as I looked at the receipt the accounting looked wrong it was for $155, however I had figured roughly about $120 max. So I reviewed the receipt and I explained to the girl that two of my shirts don't show the correct amount on the receipt. She then just tried to explain it away 3 times to me, but it still didn't make sense. "Ok, I asked do you mind just re-ringing it up because you see it doesn't make sense and I am trying to understand"? "Sure, let me go get the owner".  The owner looked put out and annoyed. Why did she have to bother with me and with this little order? She looked at me up and down and said to the girl "we do it this way to save the customer a few cents, but we will re-ring it all".  I thought wow, turning dollars into cents interesting and I ask "this isn't going to hit my account twice, is it"? "No, she said anything that gets voided before mid-night it won't go against your account". So she re-rang the clothes and the amount came to $95. Cool, I thought pleasantly surprised. I smiled at her and chuckled "that was a little more than just a few cents". She looked at me like I was something out of the movie Pretty Woman when the character Julia who is a prostitute tries to spend her money at an expensive store and gets refused. So I am uncomfortably looking down at this point and then I hear "NO! Don't do that we will never see the money". I looked up at her and told her I am standing right here and I would think from an establishment such as this one that I would be treated with more respect. She started interrupting me loudly telling me that her customers are generally more patient and that she told her girl that because she was going to override the system and process the transaction. So I said "well you either way you can imagine what that sounds like to me"? "I say...there is plenty of money in my account, can you try again"?  "She says we did, if you have so much money in the bank I can call them for you"! I finally replied "I can easily go and get you cash, but I would never spend my money here, keep the clothes" She replies "I don't have time for this" and walks away and so did we.We found out the hard way our account had been hit 3 times once for $155 and twice for $95 so our bank put a hold on our account all weekend long for those amounts and because of the multiple transactions they thought it was fraud so we had to get our account off of lock down. At the same time all that money was going to be held until Amy, Inc. cleared it up on their end. Tuesday I get a call from my husband, in which he informed me that they actually charged us $155 to our account! For clothing I never left the store with! So I called them dealt with the same two people (the employee and the owner) and explained what happened and asked them to credit our account, no apologies or nothing just a disclaimer that she didn't know how long it would take until I got my money back. (Ended up taking 5 more days).Moral of the story never shop at Amy, Inc. in Scottsdale.
1	Worst customer service and the owner is horrific! I wouldn't shop there if everything was free
