4	it's super. it's being remodeled.and they had a astronaut halloween costume. for a dog. for $3
2	this is a SUPERSTORE, so its modeled to be more of a department store than a thrift store. This place seems to get alot of the casino/hotel stuff- you know shirts,ashtrays,all kinds of stuff and its new so they charge like 1/2 off MSRP or something like that. Not the greatest selection of stuff, lots of kids toys though. Not a real big mens clothing selection either. Overall kindy pricy and not a lot of SUPER.
3	This one is my favorite location. Good selection of vinyl and other dead technology. Every other Saturday is 50% off at all locations! Got my son a Schwinn bike for 50 cents! You just have to take the time to dig and ignore the smell I describe as Granny's garage! Merchandise changes all the time so you may go in and find a treasure trove or just junk nobody would want. I'm fond of thrift stores so I spent a lot of time browsing for any and everything.
3	I don't find much here. I've found a few books, but that's about it. I don't like the selection of clothing. I don't think that I've ever bought any clothes here, now that I think about it. Some of the racks are way overstuffed, making it really difficult to look through and select. Others are lacking organization, sparse. Like I said, in recent years, these stores have  really raised their prices (compared to Savers). And the sales aren't as good either- rare 50% off days. Sometimes gets donations from stores like Target- new in boxes but they're banged up or marked up with a black sharpie pen. Still, this store seems to be busy, despite my reservations. Some people do well- my sister likes this one.
4	Every once in a while, my "stuff" seems too much. I cannot find a free hanger to hang up my new shirt, or squeeze in one more pair of shoes on the shoe rack. My linen closet has too many towels etc.... So about once or twice a year I clean everything out. My theory is, if I haven't used it, worn it or missed it in six months, it goes. (there are always a few exceptions). So today I cleaned out my closet and off to Goodwill to drop off my goods. Since it's close to the holidays, it's getting colder outside and there are more and more homeless, those without jobs, and kids with a coat, I love to donate to Goodwill. I can catch a receipt and use it as a deduction on my upcoming taxes and it benefits those in need. After many years of doing this, I have yet to recognize someone in my old shirt, but it's bound to happen sooner or later. But then they have good taste just like me! So for those with too much "stuff" spend the weekend, clean out that garage or closet and get down to Goodwill and drop off those unused items, someone out there needs it!
3	As far as quality of merchandise and shopping experience this place ranks between the Savers on Decatur and the Salvation Army on Charleston. FAR better, cleaner, and more organized than Salvation Army! Staff was helpful and they did have some awesome ugly Christmas sweaters.
1	Note to Goodwill Industries: If your going to include the word "Super" in your moniker, you had better deliver!There are few things I love more in life than thrift store shopping. So when I found myself in the area with some time to kill and a Goodwill advertising itself as "Super" I nearly peed my pants! In a good way.I walked through the door and was met with..... disappointment. There was nothing fabulous about this place. It was just super ordinary. Just a bunch of picked over, mediocre run-of-the-mill stuff. Thrift store shopping is akin to treasure hunting. You hunt in a dedicated and diligent manner and eventually you get lucky. The same philosophy applies to this place I guess. Eventually something stellar will turn up but it's not worth the trip and it will probably be covered in stripper glitter, sweat and the faint scent of regret. Yuicky!
3	This is maybe the biggest Goodwill in the Valley.  It's also another one I would have never found if I hadn't been routed by traffic construction into Sahara.  It's pretty vast, but I think most of that space is just more room for foot traffic.  As if everything were spaced apart a little more... but the same 1990s software CDs and five blenders and endless XL shirts from casino giveways are there, same as any other Goodwill -- hiding the good stuff, if you work at looking.
4	I am a  fan of this goodwill and it's more about the location than anything else. I am also a fan of beer and the Big Dogs across the parking lot. So, it's not unusual for me stop in here after happy hour to browse the newest used merchandise. More often than not I have, unfortunately, left here empty handed but more than once I have made real score.It's not a good place to stop if you're in a rush because it takes some work to reap these rewards. The racks are overly stuffed with clothing and the walls are covered with paintings stacked 2 or 3 deep. It's not always easy to find a purchase worthy item but it's fun when you do. It's important to be in a good mood prior to entering this store as the ambiance can be a downer. There are lots of crying/screaming/loud children in here and the owners of these vocal tots never seem to be put-off by said behavior. Everything in my review thus far makes one wonder why the 4 stars. It's because I really enjoy finding a diamond in the rough. Rescuing an over-looked treasure from it's thrift store fate at a rock bottom price and maybe even being a little greener along the way is a win in my book.
