4	Borders is infinitely better than Barnes & Nobles simply from the fact that their return policy isn't crap. Walking in brought back good memories from college - maybe it was the smell of Seattles Best coffee....awesome frozen coffee drinks by the way.I don't know if its new, but I like that they sell mini Lindt chocolate bars here by the register.
3	I came here today to kill some time before dinner.  I like how vast this store location is and I pretty much killed 1hr in no time flat looking for some good reads and just browsing.  It looks like the store does a lot of extra stuff too other than just retailing books, movies, and music.  There was a Diary of a Whimpy Kid party... I guess the newest one just came out so they were having a reading.  Some of the kids were pretty cute- it's encouraging to see them want to read instead of sit in front of the tv or play video games.There seemed to be some good deals, but I had my phone on me and looked at some amazon prices and it seemed to be a little marked up - granted you do pay for shipping with amazon, but it's still a little skewed if you look at an online price versus what they are asking for.  Maybe a markdown would be taken at the register.Didn't get to try the coffee place at this location, but then again, I'm not really a coffee person.  I've weened myself off of it... I've been coffee free for about 6 months now.  And now this review is starting to sound like a Coffee-holics Anonymous Meeting... I'll just stop typing now.
4	Borders is my 'hood.  Yes, I recognize how dorky this sounds, but that's what you get when you major in English.  I also realize that the library is cheaper.  However, I worked at the public library for three or four years, and I still have a hard time relaxing there.  It's difficult to settle down with a book when you are fighting the instinct to shush squawky children or straighten the paperback romance section.  But I digress.Borders is big.  It has books, CDs, DVDs.  You know all this.  This particular location is well-maintained and the staff are polite and helpful. I've definitely come to recognize quite a few of them, which probably means I shop there too much. If they don't have a particular item, they will help you order it.Borders' typical sticker price is higher than Amazon's, but if you join their free rewards program, it evens out and sometimes gets slightly cheaper.  They send you email coupons almost every day, so you'll always have one handy when you need something.  Plus, you can't walk around Amazon with a coffee and peruse for random tomes.  This is the true attraction of bookstores for me and part of the reason I am resisting the ereader movement.Speaking of coffee, they have a Seattle's best.  Their regular coffee is good, but stay away from their lattes and other fancy drinks.  They're usually pretty blah.
4	I am so sad that Border's is closing. :-(  This store is so much nicer than B&N.   They have always had such a great selection of books, CD's, DVDs, games, greeting cards, etc.  I liked the little cafe a lot too.  Get by there quickly if you want to pick up some deals on clearance items, I am not sure when the last day will be.
