1	We live near this place and frequent it often. Nearly 2 months ago, we found little bugs in our dog's food. We keep it in a closed container but must have left it open, so we bought a new container. Then in our new container we kept finding the same bugs. We had our house fumigated, deep cleaned, etc. So when we came here last, we told a worker that there were bugs in the food and obviously the salesperson, most likely thinking it was our storage, etc dismissed it as our problem. Then at that moment, while paying for the expensive bag, one of the bugs crawled on top of the bag!! The sales person then checked the isle and found out it was infested with these bugs!....we were told we would be comped the bag we were about to purchase in the next day or so but the problem had been going on for nearly 2 months, I wonder what other food or treats were contaminated. As a small business owner myself, I would have been much more apologetic, offered 2-3 bags of comped food and expressed my deepest apologies. We certainly did not hear much of this, living in the local area, visiting the dog park and knowing large amounts of dog owners living in close proximity, we will certainly voice our displeasure. While it may not be that big of a problem to them, our dog was sick, had thrown up and no one had an idea what was wrong. In an era where we can order the same food online, sometimes at a cheaper rate with companies offering free shipping, it makes my decision much easier. I am all for supporting the local economy and always prefer to spend my money at mom and pop shops rather than large conglomerates however, this was just disgusting and the way I was treated was to say the least, very iffy.  Its sad to see but I will certainly not be coming back to this place. It really BUGS me.
4	I like this little store! They always have great toys! Some of my dog's favorites have come here. Anytime I'm in this shopping center I can't resist coming in here and checking it out. I don't think I've ever purchased food here but I've roamed those aisles and am impressed with the variety that they have.
2	Very, very, very limited selection of cat food. Like one quarter of one aisle. Didn't have a single can of any of the many brands of food my cat eats (seriously, she eats a dozen different brands, for the most part expensive organic, grain free stuff -- the kind of specialized diets one would expect to find at this place.)For a store with "depot" in its name, this one does not live up to expectations, at least if you're shopping for cat food.
3	I like to support smaller mom and pop type of stores (Petco is right down the street, but I always come here). This store has good prices on my dog's specialized diet food and treats. My ONLY complaint is the guy that works the front counter...totally anti social. I always feel like I'm imposing on him to ring me up. Never says thank you or have a nice day. I've been in there about 20 times too!  Other than the lack of a welcome smile or gratitude, this is a good place to shop for pet supplies.
