5	Rod and Katy, Thank you for the shutters they look great!  Rod was very professional on the phone providing me with the informatio he need.  I appreciate the care he took in looking at the specifics of my job with window and door handles that were in the way.  He came back and measured a second time, so I know the installation would go smoothly.  The installers were on time, clean and organized and did a perfect job.  Thanks again and I will be calling you for other window coverings.
5	The blankets and towels over the windows just weren't cutting it anymore. I heard about New West through a radio program, Rosie on the House, and after weighing just doing it myself and after comparing them to a couple other companies, I went with them and I'm glad I did. New West is basically a Mom and Pop shop, the owner, Rod, came out to my house for the initial consultation, then showed up with his wife on installation day and they knocked it out quickly. I have a brick home, which is kind of a nightmare to install blinds in, and they handled it like pros, some of the installation took some pretty unique problem solving, they worked hard and got it done. New West was not the cheapest company I found, but it was very fair, and like they say, you get what you pay for. I recommend them highly, support your local business!
1	It's not at this location anymore.  I'm not sure where it is - couldn't find it.
5	Found these great people at Rosie On the House. Rod came out to the house, took the measurements and steered me from choosing the faux wood color blind that I thought would look good to the faux wood blind that he thought would be better and yes, it looks fabulous! He definitely has the eye for this and I'm so thankful that he just didn't go along with me (like others have done in the past) just to make a sale. I really appreciated it. Also, he and his wife removed the present window treatments so he could install the blinds and put them back up perfectly.  The product was delivered as promised - no delays - and the quality is excellent. Definitely recommend Rod and Katy.Rod DiGiovanni - Cell 480.612.7400Katy DiGiovanni - Cell and Office  480.612.3395Fax 480.219.7609
5	We had a wonderful experience with Rod and Katy. Rod came to our home and by the following week our blinds were installed! We are so happy! Rod was very professional and kind.  I would recommend them to anyone!!!
