4	This is one of the better Asian mini-markets in Edinburgh. Just off Nicholsonn Street and near the Edinbugh uni campus, this is an ideal place for students to pop in and pick up some ingredients if they are feeling a bit more adventurous with their kitchen skills. Also, if you muck it all up, there is Wawa noodle bar across the road to show you how it should be done.Walking into this store, you will be impressed by the sheer amount of stuff they have managed to cram in. It's like a condensed warehouse, with shelf after shelf piled high with Chinese goods. It is amusing asking for one of the jars of pickled ginger at the top of everything and seeing the owner's face fall as when he realises where it is. But minor acts of meanness aside, this store is great for Asian cooking. It has masses of rice and noodles, sauces, spices, obscure jars of stuff I couldn't even begin to describe but look tasty, seaweed, Asian soft drinks...you name it they have it. There is a huge amount of Super Noodle equivalents as well, with much more interesting flavours; as these are often a staple student meal, I thought it would be important to mention them here. The owner is cool as well, when you can find him hidden in the surprising amount of aisles in the store. He is helpful and shows you where everything is, which is more of a challenge that you'd expect.The prices here are definitely more expensive than your standard supermarkets but the food is much better. Also you would be surprised how long much of it lasts you, even if you use it frequently. To be honest I would prefer to give my money to the owner of a shop like this than to Tesco for inferior food that doesn't taste anywhere near as good.
4	It's a little comical calling this place a supermarket; I'm not saying it's ridiculously small, on the contrary, but it's NOT  a supermarket! I went in there looking for pure coconut oil (purely cosmetic reasons) and whilst they didn't have what I was looking for, the man who worked there was so friendly and even directed me to other shops I could find what I needed.To the contents of the store itself, this seems like a place for people who actually know what they're doing with the ingredients. So to all those curry paste, coconut milk, and ramen people like me, be warned! A lot of the food labels and prices are primarily in Chinese, and the English prices, which I had to squint to see sometimes seem a little bit like an after thought... as though "we ARE in the UK, I guess we should make it decipherable for the natives as well".I can only give this store full marks for at least the appearance of authenticity, as I'm far from an expert on Asian cuisine of any kind!
4	I think this shop rocks!! There are quite a lot of ready meal super noodle type things which I am not really a fan of, but they also have a great range of condiments - I found my long sought after yellow bean paste here. They also sell really good mochi which I just lurrve so much! I love that most of the labels are only in Chinese, it's a good opportunity to ask about new ingredients and to discover new tastes.Only issue is how to get their frozen edemame up to St Andrews in its still frozen state...?
4	This will be a short but sweet review on my third Asian market that I do love as well as the other two I frequent. This little store is hidden on a little side street off Nicholson st. Has a lot of the staple Asian cuisine ingredients one needs for delicious homemade Asian food. Not the biggest selection but the basics. Besides you could get most of the fresh food you need for Asian dishes anywhere up and down Nicholson st. So it covers most bases. I always feel welcome when I come in and the prices are not to bad at all for the quality. They also have a little frozen section you can browse in and get anything from frozen fish to frozen chicken feet ( ugh can't imagine theres much to eat there , but I would try them if offered to be polite of course ) . So if you live in the area and your craving asian or want to try your hand at making Kung Pao Chicken and need the ingredients this is the place for you!
5	If you are not very familiar with Asian cooking, a trip to this shop might safe you an expensive air fare.  If you are not Asian, you will be in the minority in this shop, and many of the items will remain a mystery because not always do they come with an English translation.  However, if you have some experience with this type of cuisine, you'll be happy to quickly find what you needThe shop is very small but -- literally -- stuffed up to the roof with Asian foodstuffs.  However, the choice for fresh produce, meat, and fish is very small.  But what you will find here are almost all items for your pantry, like dried mushrooms, noodles, rice, various chilli pastes, and all kinds of sauces and spices.  You can also get some kitchen utensils and they have a small selection of chopsticks.  The items might be a bit pricey, but certainly not excessively so; however, being used to the price structure of Asian supermarkets abroad, I was quite surprised at what I was asked to pay for some sauces and sesame oil.  Still, much better going there than to a British supermarket chain.It seems to be a common thing among Asian supermarkets that they only deal in cash.
