4	M Catering recently serviced a high-profile members-only museum opening at the Heard Museum, and did a wonderful job from what I could see as an attendee. They served some great customized tamales with goat cheese, another appetized with rice and duck that was quite nice, and a flan that was the talk of several tables of guests. If I was going to throw an event in Phoenix (Unlikely since I live in NM), I'd check this outfiy out.
4	Great service, and great food.  Passed snacks included an artichoke cake served cold with an olive tapenade.  My favorite was a shaved beef with mascapone dressed in truffle oil.  The main courses included a cesar salad served in individual cups.  Sliders were delicious with my favorite being chicken with roasted pineapple.  They had a wonderful shrimp pasta dish that was gobbled up by people.  Desserts were cupcakes in four different flavors, red velvet with real cream cheese frosting, a chocolate decadent cupcake, luscious lemon and finally a vanilla buttercream.  I will definately recommend them for our next catering event in house.
5	All I have had from here are their cupcakes.  Can we say heaven in my mouth? Vendors visit my work and they like to feed us, I have had Main Course cupcakes twice now and they were superbly delicious.  All of my coworkers agree.  I have tried the red velvet, lemon, and boston cream (coworker and I shared so we could try more than one) and they were all noteworthy. My fav is the lemon. I am interested to know what their other food is like, as I'm sure it is delish as well.
1	Local business caters to corporate cafeterias; unfortunately training is lacking and food prep is eek! Food has improper storage and easy attraction for varmints. Repetitive menus focus on carbs and starch, not flavor.  A soggy precooked breakfast burrito is hard to swallow in our awesome foodie city. Disappointing Turnover with grill chefs. There does not appear to be loyal followers here...
5	Over the past few years I've attended dozens of special events, sporting events, and private functions.  Many of those were catered by M Catering.  Here are a few things I can say about my experiences with them:+ The food is always high quality and delicious!+ The servers and food handlers are very professional.  They do their job and don't get distracted by the event their working.There's a reason why major events like the Waste Management Open and Barrett Jackson partner with a  company like M Catering.  I can't wait for the next event they cater!Return Factor - 100%
1	Am captive in corporate cafeteria they cater to. Today there were feathers still on roasted chicken. According to manager the chickens come wrapped in plastic?  Ok, so does that mean you dont have to wash them or look at them before putting in the oven?  Wilted lettuce, grumpy grill cooks, soggy breakfast burritos, weak coffee round out a typical day at this cafe.
