1	Awesome. A store that sells ridiculously overpriced blank clothing that either shrinks an entire size even if you wash it in cold water or starts falling apart at the seams after the first few wears. The couple of times I've been in there the staff has completely ignored me and/or talked about me as if I wasn't standing right in front of them, trying to ask for help ("i think I've heard of the band on her shirt. Maybe she doesn't know who they are. Maybe she just likes purple. *smirk*" Um, HELLO?). To top it off, they've got a really creepy advertising campaign that makes me think of sexual predators and stale cigarette smoke. Oh but wait, they don't use sweatshops! Thank GOD, that means they're totally ethical! Except for the bizarre behavior of their CEO, who sexually pursues his employees  and then acts surprised when someone sues him.Yeah, no thanks.
1	I would give it zero. I don't understand how this can be a brand. they dont DO anything. their clothes have NO design touch to them at all. You can't even count the colors since they do every color so they dont really have to think about that either. I'm sorry but 50 bucks for a boring cheap hoodie just isn't worth my time.
3	Odd but maybe smart concept.Let's offer shirts and so on of every shape and color imaginable. This place kind of takes the excitement out of shopping though. All you will find is colored clothing. No designs or frills. It was cool to see leggings in every color imaginable, you won't find that anywhere else!Besides the leggings...overpriced boring shirts.
4	It all started with my Yelp t-shirt.  Yep, my fancy for American Apparel started when I sported the Yelp shirt.  Woot woot.   Yelp reprezentin!Finally a comfy combed cotton shirt that fits me perfectly.  Their sizes run about one-half size small, but if you know that and aren't large, you should be fine. You'll see the grey shirt in one of my profile pics.  I haven't bought a whole ton of stuff here -- a thermal undershirt long sleeve and a sweatband.  People can deride this place as being overpriced and devoid of character, but hey, I'm not a fan of big logos and if you need a simple, well built basic or you need a certain color this can be your place.  Staff here has a certain hipster cooler-than-thou look to them, but I've always found them to be helpful, so who cares.Oh yeah, the digs on Mill are pretty sweet.  They rehabbed an old First National Bank of Tempe building with the vault intact and everything.
4	I agree with Stevey P.  I dig this place.  They have the best ribbed tanks...they are the perfect weight and don't lose their shape.  I have about 7 of the jersey knit scarf/wrap thingys....I love them!  Not every shirt has to have some ridiculous, stupid, or cheesey slogan on them...sometimes you just want a plain solid shirt or tank.  (Except for Yelp shirts....and I have one too from AA!) I won't lie...most of my AA experience comes from the one on Newbury in Boston but I did find the perfect blue polo dress in the Mill store over the summer.  I searched high and low for a plain navy blue polo dress and couldn't find one anywhere until I came here.  (And I wanted jersey knit, not a pique.)  They did change the return policy in the past year...you used to be able to get a refund but now its store credit only.I take one star off for the incredibly creepy ad campaign.
5	I feel lucky to have an AA here in the Valley.  My current favorite piece of clothing is this heather blue tee that I'm rockin from there.  Its casual, classic style that I love and no other company produces quality knits like AA does.  I wish they would expand further to more stores in the Valley (Hey!  Downtown has PLENTY of boutique space for rent all over!)  and in other cities that I consider 'home' (re: Austin).
3	Let me start by saying that American Apparel makes fantastic t-shirts. I'm a serious t-shirt collector and have been for decades. I pay attention to that type of junk because I was involved in the d.i.y. punk scene as a kid and if you're in a band, printing your own t-shirts was par for the course... From Anvil to Hanes to newer brands like Gildan - I've tried them all. For awhile it looked like Oneita was going to be the last "made in the USA" company around - quality shirts there - but several years ago, they seem to have dropped out. Everything has been pretty much Gildan - tourist shirts and event shirts and anything cheap or free - it's Gildan. You can even pick up some blanks for a couple bucks at Walgreens if you like. The problem with them is that they are totally unreliable fit-wise. They react unpredictably to the drier - sometimes getting wider and shorter or twisting or losing hem threads. They also aren't very soft - they are very heavy, but they aren't very high-end. I realize it seems silly to have a high-end t-shirt, but that's what American Apparel makes. Their shirts always fit perfectly - they are all made exactly the same and they make anyone with a halfway decent body shape look pretty sexy. They are somewhat fitted without being tight. They are all soft and the cotton is combed to a rich and durable state. These shirts don't form holes as easily as other shirts I've owned - even heavier shirts I have form holes near where they rub against my belt buckle... AA do not. Their seams always hold as well.I can easily say that American Apparel are the most reliable and best made blank t-shirt available. When buying shirts online, I only buy prints on AA shirts because I know they'll look great on me. So many online companies now use AA shirts these days as well, so it's easy.So what about this store? What about the rest of it? Well, the store is bright and full of colorful clean blank clothes. On the women's side, there are lots of great skirts and dresses made of soft cotton. Mostly just summer accessories really as nothing here is thick enough to wear as winter cover. It is meant to be layered though as you can see by the mannequins. They have great socks and leggings and I'm told they make the best and most comfortable thongs in the business... so if you are a woman and you want to try some comfy thongs - give these a shot.The men's side is more of a unisex area because apart from the shirts, all of the clothes they sell to men are super gay... and I'm not trying to insult anyone, it's just seriously things that are far too flamboyant for even metrosexuals. They definitely expect you to be rail skinny to buy clothes here although they carry larger sizes. They sell jeans, but they are of the skinny type. Some of the fun of going in here is to look at the gold lamet jackets and telling your friends you are going to buy it to see their reaction. The kids that work here are hip scenesters hired for their look rather than their work ethic. They are all thin and their level of helpfulness varies wildly between 'not' and 'somewhat'. The store is very well-lit and it's easy to find things. The models they use for the advertising and 'artwork' posted around the store look like early-stage bruised up meth addicts or early 70s porn stars. The biggest problem with this store really is simply that their clothing is overpriced. Sure, it's nice and well-made, but it's also expensive. Considering you can buy their blank t-shirts for 3-5 bucks each from online bulk sellers... the exact same shirts they sell in the store for 3-5 times that amount. 60 bucks for a jacket that looks like it would come in a 5 dollar hurricane survival kit doesn't spell value to me. I really think the only good reason to go here would be if you were a girl and you wanted to buy some thongs or socks or leggings or a skirt or dress. If you just want a t-shirt, there are much cheaper ways to obtain them... for both men and women. It's great having an AA location in the valley if for no other reason than to just have it... but a smart shopper can do better.
4	I mostly hate the college students that work there. I think for two reasons:1) I'm jealous of some of them for being young and cool like I never was;2) They're fucking arrogant assholes. Don't fucking look at me like that. Do you really think I'm going to steal this t-shirt, dirt bag? I don't care if you work here, you still look more sketchy than I do...But I love AA. The company. It's awesome. The faux child porn ads are super sexy. The clothes are awesome. I wish I was skinnier to wear them better. The colors are amazing. I'm like a fish. I love shiny shit. I love short shorts. On girls more than my strangely shaped bod but I'll post a picture of me wearing some pretty tiny ones... I have a wholesale account as a t-shirt maker but the stuff I can't get wholesale always fun, though a little expensive.
1	Everytime I have gone in this store I have left feeling like a big pile of poop. The staff is sooo horrible. I read the other reviews and it seems to be a common thing which really sucks because I would probably shop here a lot more if the staff wasn't a bunch of pricks. P.S. I found a skirt at Target for $10 that is EXACTLY like one they carry, except they want $40 dollars and your soul.
4	I love you American Apparel. Where else can I walk into an establishment and feel like I've walked into the 80s, my grandma's closet, Lady Gaga's closet, and a raunchy hooker store yet feel completely at home and in love with all the clothing??? Nowhere. Well, except maybe my closet after I finish buying all your wares. During my most recent trip I found the most fantastic item I think I've purchased to date.... fluorescent pink corduroy shorts... yes... as bright as the sun and absolutely beautiful. From the tights to the shorts to the oxford shirts, this place is the awesome.
4	Dear American Apparel,       I have to start this off with an apology, as a reformed shoplifter i must admit that your stores are practically begging to be ripped off, however i now see the err of my ways and seek your forgiveness. There was a time when your store of beautiful threads, taunted me. The obvious lack of security devices, and apathetic clerks, coupled w/ no visible cameras were like personal invitations to grift for me.I love your clothes, the way they wear, and that they are made in america, and that you pay your workers a liveable wage. That is awesome. I just simply cannot afford your clothes. bottom line. I have had a lot of growing up to do, and it took the theft of my entire wardrobe and nearly getting caught a couple of times to teach me that stealing is bad. So forgive me AA, i have gone thru the 9 steps of American Apparel Shoplifting Aholics Anonymous or AASAA.Someday i will pay you back, w/ good deads and public service...probably.
2	I am simply writing this review to let you know to shop here ONLY if you want the shittiest service of your life.Staff here is BEYOND rude and have sticks up their ass.Sure- you were probably hired because you're hot, but do your damn job and help the customers out instead of standing at the register and rolling your eyes at every customer who walks in.You work at an American Apparel...... please get real.
