5	Yes I am reviewing a Subway.  You know how when you have been to so many since they are pretty much everywhere and each of them are different in their own way but one stands out for many reasons; well this is that one to me.  I think it is the cleanest, freshest and friendliest in the Valley!  Since I work in the area I frequent there a lot mainly because it is NOT fast food.  What I love is that everyone behind the counter says "hi, welcome to Subway" as soon as anybody comes in and they say it with meaning, not because they have to.  It is small so it is always busy at lunch but they get everyone in and out of there quickly as they are appropriately staffed.  The bread is never dry (that says a lot in itself when it comes to Subway), the ingredients are always fresh and they have spinach as an option instead of plain old iceberg.  I can't begin to tell you how well kept this place is, right down to the restrooms even!  An added bonus is that it is open 24 hours.  Now I haven't been there late at night but I can bet that isn't an issue.  This Subway gets my vote for best in Phoenix!
4	I too will agree that they are a friendly staff, the place is clean and the service quick. And they still manage to make brief friendly conversation while doing their job. The food is fresh and they actually understand the concept of splitting a sandwich by cutting and wrapping the paper around two halfs! Can't say that they understand or care at other locations.
5	Clean location, food was fresh and it was 10:00 P.M.
1	Ok, here is a true review by a unpaid commentator. Subway should have never allowed their chain to be "franchised". This shop at 27th Ave and Thomas is in a tough area and they only have one employee per shift on the weekends. Super slow service by worker with an attitude problem that happens to be friends with the manager who is also cozy with the franchise area manager. Evenings and nights are dangerous in this area unless Phoenix PD is taking their lunch break there at night. Sometimes, there will be 5 to 8 officers on their lunch eating outside on the front patio. Then I feel safe to go in. Otherwise it's hoodrats, tweakers, and employees with attitudes. On a different note, Monday through Friday day shift they will have 2 or 3 staff working and all smiley and courteous because they now corporate managers are roaming.
4	It's a Subway like any other.  It's clean and the food is always good.  The cool thing about this is that it's 24 hours.  Also right now they have deal where you can get a 6 inch Cold Cut Combo or Meatball sub for only $2.
3	I don't normally go out for lunch during the work week, but I went out for Subway one day during Christmas week. I have to say the people working there got me through the line very quickly. I love when Subway employees actually have a sense of urgency... doesn't happen very often. I got a 6 inch turkey & ham on Italian herb & cheese, with Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. A bag of Doritos and iced tea and I was on my way! There was a lot of meat on my sub! That's not a sandwich I typically order there so I don't know if it's always like that or if they gave me extra, but I couldn't even finish it! Crazy.
