5	Quality work with consistant performance!  Their crew protects your banisters and woodwork and work with speed.
5	We haven't had our carpets cleaned in 4 years and they looked horrible. The crew came out today and made them look so much better! They were quick and very, very courteous. We will definitely have them back again... but sooner this time! I definitely recommend the crew on truck 2128 - Keith & Ray. Thank you!
4	Always fast thorough and on time.  They protect the bannisters and woodwork with plastic pieces so they don't scratch.  I've been using them for about 10 years and am under their three cleanings per year contract.
5	I was very impressed.  The guys were on time, highly professional and quite entertaining.  They didn't try to oversell me, which I greatly appreciated.  What impressed me most was how speedy they were in getting their work done.  Our carpets hadn't been cleaned in approximately two years, and they now look brand new.  I would not hesitate to use Stanley Steemer again and I highly recommend them to my friends.
5	The crew that came out to my house did a great job that definitely exceeded my expectations.  They didn't try and up sell me and were very courteous and did a great job cleaning getting in and out very while still leaving the carpet spotless.  They even worked around some of the furniture I didn't want moved and still got every spot.
5	The second I saw Stanley's equipment I was more than impressed. ;)No, really, I knew they meant business once I opened the door. My last carpet cleaner came in with a small handheld device and disrespected my carpet with his pathetic tools! Anyways, I was greeted by my awesome carpet cleaners, Miguel J. and Jesse V. I brought them to inspect the rooms they'd be cleaning and they accepted the challenge with a smile. Our master bedroom's carpet had minimal urine stains on it from our puppy, easy to clean. Our office on the other hand was trashed. It's the room we have our doggy door in so during the hot summer months when the gravel was too hot to walk on, the puppy would poop and pee right in front of the doggy door rather than go out it! Miguel and Jesse took their time to make sure the carpets were spotless! They paid special attention to pet and mystery stains. Worked hard to expel the odor and even played with our dogs.When they left I felt like had brand new carpet!  Stanley Steemer is definitely getting my business from now on.
5	James and James cleaned our carpet today. They did a great job, and I was very impressed with their thoroughness and attention to detail. It was refreshing to have carpet cleaners that really knew what they were doing. They were easy to work with and very helpful when it came to moving the furniture around. Our family's dirty carpet looked brand new by the time they were done.
