5	Two of my best friends got married here a couple of weeks ago and it was a beautiful venue! I was impressed with everything and the lady who was taking care of the event was great.
5	My husband and I were married here in April 2011! We had both the outside ceremony and indoor reception here. Jessica at The Waterfront was so awesome. She was so helpful throughout the whole process, and especially on the wedding day. I couldn't believe how well she handled everything and set everything up; everything ran absolutely smooth and ideal. She is really wonderful!The venue itself is simply beautiful. From it's vaulted ceilings to it's lakeside views. And the outdoor area is just as perfect. Although, I personally didn't care for the carpet, and felt some decor could be a bit more modern, but they both are very suited to the type of venue and are elegant. The cost is a bit steep, and I almost felt like if they did some upgrading, the cost now would be well worth it. We chose to rent the boat, and that turned out great and well worth the $300 cost. It took us to the island at the lake where we took pictures with our photographers, and they turned out just beautiful. Renting the boat also includes the captain, and boat rides for your guests around the lake. Most of our guests went on a ride, and they all commented to us that it was such a fun and beautiful idea for that night!Out of all the venues we checked out, The Waterfront was perfect in all the right ways. We loved also that we could choose our own vendors for catering, cake, photography, you name it. It really allowed us to be picky and personal when it came to everything. Jessica went above and beyond working with our outside vendors, too. Jessica is the best!
5	My wife and I went to the Waterfront tonight. Had a few drinks and appitisers. The coconut  shrimp is awesome. Has some great habanero seasoning with the salad side. It was a lot of fun sitting outside looking over the lake and having a beer. Very nice place, good food, good atmosphere, great staff.
3	Hoping this place lasts. Great location, an oasis in the desert. Service still needs some help. There seems to be plenty of servers but they are not very attentive and a bit slow. We had the ribs and the sliders. The ribs were a bit too spicy for my taste and the sliders were okay. Good selection of beer and promising menu. Beautiful patio and ample seating inside even on a Friday night. However be warned the band this night is awful!  Cheesy 70s & 80s music and not in the fun way but in the bad /sad way. Will try again for sure.
