4	I was skeptical about a $10.99 all you can eat buffet (that wasn't subsidized by a casino).  But Krazy Buffet easily won me over and I will be back.  Lots of different offerings including plenty of fish and shrimp.  The all you can eat crabs legs were good, but a little small.  They had a good selection of nigiri and sushi, and it was the best buffet sushi I ever had.  But don't go for the sushi alone, because this restaurant really shines at the tried and true chinese staples - sweet and sour chicken, fried rice, garlic shrimp, etc.I was also suprised by how good the service was.  I will be recommending this place to friends.
5	I stopped by Krazy Buffet after getting a coupon in the mail for $1 off... $10.99 for dinner, so $9.99 for me... how could I pass it?  I didn't expect much, as I've been to many Asian buffets and they've been sub-par.  But Krazy Buffet was pretty amazing.  Almost everything I tried was delicious, especially the coconut shrimp and crab legs, which were some of the best I've had at a buffet in town, including casino buffets.  They had some sushi on the buffet as well, and while it wasn't the best, it was actually BETTER than most hotel buffet's sushi.  For the price, I'll definitely be back, especially when they keep sending me coupons!
4	After debating on what to eat one night, my house mate suggested Krazy Buffet. For dinner it's all your can eat for about 11 bucks. The food options are vast and the servers are on point with refills, clearing the table and just overall great service. The house mate commented on how great the soft-serv ice cream was haha.  I also noticed that the decor was very modern and clean unlike others. So far I've visited Krazy twice and the service has been consistent.
2	My girlfriend dragged me here because she wanted to have some all-you-can-eat crab legs.At 7pm the place was packed but we were seated quickly. You do not pay 1st here. Drinks are extra.Well the buffet is really small and all bad asian food. lots of shrimp and fish and some crab legs, a few plates of sushi on plates covered in saran wrap.The dessert bar was a joke-generic cookies and stale bad cake. Fruit and pudding with soft serve ice cream.We were there for an hour-I made 5 trips & not once did they change out any food. The spare ribs looked terrible and everyone noticed because it was busy & nobody ate any. The crab was the winner.Everyone was loading up plates of crab. Myself I'm not into seafood.I see others have given this a positive review because its cheap but thats they only positive thing here. The food is not real impressive but there is all you can eat ice creamcheck here for pics @ http://www.usmenuguide.com/krazybuffetmenupics.html
3	The Most frustrating thing about this whole experience-Rosemary's Restaurant is hidden behind this place in the same shopping center.
3	Me and Shiny get to Vegas fairly regularly. Not as often as we should, and not in the hi-roller fashion that you might imagine.Take this last visit, for instance. Random women's hockey game (go SF Sirens!) and the family love of buffets. Thankfully we ended up at a non-strip buffet (those are nice, but a bit much for just regular eats).Krazy Buffet--with a name like that, I was instantly sorry I forgot my camera and phone. But the food proved to be decent, fresh (lotsa ppl = plenty of turnover on the food), and sucha deal! At $7 for lunch (less for the folks, since they're on the AARP train), we were able to nab the bill and look like good kids, without much strain on the wallet.Everything I had was pretty good. Pretty standard Chinese fare, with a bit of sushi as well. Not too greasy or heavy. I'd go back next time, except there's a million other places to try!
3	This buffet was krazy.
4	I friggin' love a place with a goofy name, especially buffets.  The image of a "krazy" buffet for me would be loud colors, customers and a general orgy of food.  I guess because it was rainy, 11am on a weekday and everyone is broke as a joke, it wasn't exactly KRAZY.However, $6.99 weekday lunch... and a friggin' 15% off coupon for senior citizens.  I got the senior citizen discount as well since I was dining with my parents.  I would have been okay to pay full price, but hell, that's more $$$ for next time!If you are a veteran of "Asian" buffets (primarily of Chinese food with some Korean and "sushi" mixed in), then this will be a familiar typical experience... except that it's friggin' $6.99!!!  Even Asia Buffet II cannot compete with that.  Yes, the selection is a little lighter than AB II, but that is fairly reflected in the price.In case you have never been to an Asian buffet, first of all, tsk, tsk.  You are missing out.  Basically, you are looking at AYCE chow mein, rice, broccoli beef, dumplings, four soups like hot and sour, wonton, egg flower and if you are lucky westlake, kung pao, string beans, deep fried tofu, possibly some Korean short ribs and sushi (of the roll variety with a smattering of hand rolls).  If you upgrade to dinner, you extra money goes into the sushi selection and the addition of crab legs.  My general policy is that this is not worth the extra money since sushi and crab are on my list of "Things not to go cheap on".I suppose that Krazy makes up some of its food costs by charging $1.39 for a beverage, including tea.  Though, they only charged $1.39 for the table, rather than each as would be the case if it were sodas.  I am not entirely sure if a second pot would have yielded another $1.39 charge since we only got one pot.  If you are that strapped, then be sure to ask.Anyway, I think that this a great place after a night of drinking or perhaps after losing your whole stack to a 10-3 suited.  Happily, I was just hung over.
4	I actually kind of like this place. Although it's true that it isn't the highest quality of food, it is also $10.99 and there is a coupon you can get from the Review Journal online for 10% off your total bill.The main reason I like this buffet is because it is very good value for your money. They have items like raw oysters on the half shell, steamed crab legs, and sushi (although not the greatest quality). No where really in Vegas can you get all 3 of these items at a buffet for about $10.The rest of the dishes they have there are so-so. Standard chinese buffet with dishes like orange chicken, steamed clams, mussels, and a whole bunch of others. Not necessarily what I would be eating if I were at a gathering with all my chinese relatives, but not too bad either.The dessert bar is definitely lacking a bit but for overall value I think this is a decent choice. Just get loaded on crab legs and oysters and you will feel like you got your money's worth.
4	How can anybody complain about all you can eat seafood for $10.99? This buffet has became a regular spot whenever my family visits. I have already found my favorites. They have this oyster soup that is to die for. The honey walnut shrimp is scrumptious. Decent sized CRAB LEGS!!! Shrimp cocktail and oysters. Even the chicken wings are good.You got to try this place for yourselves. I'm sure you'll find your own favorites.
4	I went here for lunch last week with a friend of mine. It was cheap, fresh and delicious. They had quite a crowd for lunch, which was no problem, the dishes were filled as fast as they were depleted. The Chinese dishes were all above par. The salt and pepper shrimp and the salt and pepper squid were my faves. I didn't try the sushi because I was bothered by the fact that it was all covered in plastic wrap, which meant that one would have to touch it to pull it up to get a piece. Overall it's good for a Chinese buffet, cheap and fast too!
4	one of my favorite asian buffet!  the parking is easy, the food is fresh, the place is clean, the service is friendly, and the price is cheap! that's one sweet deal, don't you think? =)
2	We went there on Wednesday night for dinner.  It's a very typical asian buffet set-up. The selection was below average. We were looking for the fresh oyster everybody talked about, and they were a no-show. We felt gypped. The check for 2 including tip was $30 which I can get some good chinese food from a nearby restaurant seem a little high.
3	I don't know why we somehow always end up at a Chinese buffet at least twice a month.  Maybe because it's cheap?  Maybe because there's a lot of selection?  Maybe because I like to risk a bad tummy ache?  It's probably a combination of all these things.We usually end up visitin Krazy buffet because of the coupons...yep!  I've been able to find them almost weekly in some of our local neigborhood papers.  Not only there but you can sometimes find a coupon in the online version of the Las Vegas Review Journal, they have a coupon area on the website.  The coupon we use is good for 10% off lunch or 15% off dinner.  Or is it 15% off lunch and 10% off dinner?  I can't recall right now.  Either way, with lunch being only $6.99 and dinner being $10.99 (all you can eat seafood none the less) it's not a bad deal if you're pinching pennies or want a change from Panda Express.  That coupon helps, especially in our broke-A$$ economy.The selection is not bad, but for myself I prefer lunch items over their dinner items.  I say this because darn near all their lunch items are served at dinner, with the exception of the addition of crab legs, sometimes a steak option...and sometimes fresh oysters.  One night there might be oysters but the next night there might not be.  I know, it's a bit of a throw off so check the buffet line at dinner if you really want oysters!  I prefer lunch because I don't eat that much crab legs, and I'm not all that hot on oysters so for me the savings of $4 is worth it.The selection of food is pretty good at Krazy Buffet (there's more choices though at Buffet @ Asia) and they keep things pretty fresh.  Their operation is also clean, which is a big plus for me.  If you read my Buffet @ Asia review you would know that they have some sanitation issues (but why that doesn't stop me from eating there I don't know..I'm guessing it's their awesome garlic fried wings).  Anyway, they have a lot of your typical dishes you would find at a Chinese buffet.  They have the requisite orange chicken, beef and broccoli, and fried rice and chow mein.  They also have things like sauteed mushrooms, steamed tilapia, teriyaki chicken, coconut shrimp, stir-fry veggies, and pork chops.  There's a sushi station but I kinda stay away from it because nearly everything is California roll-ish and not particularly great.  They have a decent salad station with fresh lettuce, fresh veggies, and a large bowl of shrimp for shrimp cocktail.  The soup station is limited, mostly your Chinese staples such as egg drop, won ton, and hot and sour soup.  They do have miso soup sometimes which of course is Japanese.  Krazy Buffet does have an array of fried foods (yah of course) that has fried chicken wings, egg rolls, chicken skewers, sweet and sour shrimp, sweet and sour pork, and even some Chinese doughnuts.  Most Chinese buffets have pretty basic dessert areas, and Krazy Buffet is no different.  They have pre bought almond cookies, fortune cookies, chocolate cake, carrot cake, and some smaller dessert stuff.  But they do have fresh fruit like strawberries, cantaloupe, honeydew, and canned lychee.  Of course there is a soft serve ice cream machine with vanilla or chocolate.  Overall, not a bad deal for under $9 for lunch, tax and tip.  Especially if you got that coupon.  It's not a revelation in culinary arts, but the food will keep you full for 2 hours or so...like most Chinese food does for some odd reason.  Clean and efficient, not all Chinese buffets can achieve that.  I just wish their fried chicken wings were as scrumptious as the ones from Buffet @ Asia on Rainbow!
4	$8 a plate for lunch gets you an all you can eat Chinese food at Krazy Buffet. $8 a plate for lunch at Panda Express gets you a limited imitation of Chinese food. So this place is great. I didn't like my waitress though, rude and pushy, when she refills my drink she does it so aggressively like okaaaay. When I say thank you not even a "your welcome". Most of the customers money that eats there goes to there paycheck so I didn't at least get a thank you. Its okay though because it felt great when I was done and when I didn't tip her. But either then that its all good.
4	I'm almost ashamed to even write this post, because I never usually eat at buffets, I swear. But here I am, once again, reviewing a buffet.  Me and my fiance' have joked about this place for quite some time, just because of the name.  Seriously, "Krazy Oriental Gourmet"?  Huh?  What the heck? I thought oriental referred to rugs now?  Maybe I'm wrong, not sure.  Anyway, we finally decided to give it a try about a month ago now, the first time, hehehe.  It was so darn memorable the first time we went for lunch, I had to get me some more!  AND...I spotted that they have crab legs at night, and I'm a crab crackin' fool, LOVE me some crab!  The crab was nice, hot and fresh.  Thecooked veggies are amazing!  They even have a pretty nice salad bar and soft serve for dessert.  Plus it very clean.  I leave a very happy camper :-)
5	We're so fortunate to have this buffet on the West side of town.First of all, the man who is usually there and greets you at the door is very friendly and takes his time to recognize regulars to his establishment.The place is clean in the dining area and the bathrooms. The waiters are very friendly, prompt and attentive.Second of all, the FOOD!.  Oh yes, the food... When I am in the mood for some comfort food and rice, I know where to head to. KRAZY BUFFET!The lunch special is awesome.  My favorites on the menu are: teriyaki chicken shish kabobs, mushroom chicken, rice, fried rice, hot apple pie, manapua (char siu bao), all manners of fresh sushi, MALASADAS!The dinner is even more awesome!  Crab Legs! Yes, crab legs... all you can eat.   Need I say more? Have no shame, pile it on... everyone else does!Dessert - They have fruit, peaches, pineapple, oranges, tapioca, chocolate pudding, soft serve ice cream, apple pie (OH THE HOT APPLE PIE!).  Also,  sometimes they have the good chocolate cake (dobash cake).  This place has plenty of variety.I often wonder how these people make any money.  No matter, they've been in business for a while now and my review should be a testament to why this is so.The only downside to this place is that I wish they were open 24 hours! ;)I love this place.  I am ready to go anytime you are.
3	Note to self - DO NOT go to Krazy Buffet an hour before closing.Going an hour before it closes causes side affects such as:- Cold Chicken Kabobs- Non-existent steak- Non-existent shrimp - Non-existent mushroom chickenService from our waiter was still exceptional.  I was just a little disappointed in the lack of food during our last visit.Still a good place to eat earlier in the day,  but I would avoid vising later in the evening.
1	Locals eat here next to a tire shoppe.Don't go to Krazy Buffet and eat the clams, they gave my mom food poisoning.The food isn't so great here, as everything was so greasy and the way they served the food looked a bit shady to me.  The coconut chicken was pretty good, but not the greatest.I would rather recommend you go to Makino and get some quality asian buffet food than here.Specialty: Asian BuffetRecommendations for first timers: none, avoidService: 8/10, Variety: 6/10, Parking: 10/10marc out.
1	Are there new owners?  What happened to all the friendly faces I used to know?This is probably my last visit here.  The food this time left more to desired.  What happened to the steak?  The pepper chicken?  The dobash cake?The strawberries and bananas were on the verge of spoiled.  The soft serve ice cream ran out of chocolate.  I've had some good times here but, unfortunately, it seems it is time to move on.
4	My friend and I often meet here about once a week after she gets off of work because it's close to her job. The food is good and it is fresh. There is a lot of foot traffic so they are constantly putting out new trays of food. I like that they have sweetened green tea here and Lotus balls.The won tons and the chow mien are also pretty decent here. The service is very prompt because my glass was constantly filled. I didn't have to hunt down anyone to do that like at some places. The bill for two people to eat including tax and drinks was $16.72 . This was also with a 10% discount . The coupons could be found in The View in their food section. I thought for the price we paid it was a good deal!
4	The food is great the prices are better. The only negatives I can say is that the drinks are not included in the advertised price and the soups taste like they are sitting for a long time. However with that said the meat on a stick is outrageous and the honey chicken is the best I have had. And the service is always quick and friendly.
2	Time of visit May 28, 2009. Not quite sure if I liked this buffet or not? It was OK priced, and the food was OK. There were some dishes that i liked and some I didnt. Ive never really been to a good Chinese buffet in the first place, so I dont have much to compare it to. I went on a Friday during lunch, it was busy, but not unbearable. I might try it one more time to confirm if its a go or not.
4	I don't really understand what all the Krazi-ness is all about? Why did they name this place Krazy Buffet? Well whatever the case is, for $10.99 a head for dinner, you will get your money's worth after having 4 oysters.  Yup, read 'em and weep.  They are KRAZY to charge this amount of money for all this seafoodThat includes some pretty tasty snow crabs as well.  Oh how I love thee seafood!!!!Bathrooms a wreck though.  2 stalls only, but one is out, equals disaster. Pretty large selection of Chinese food, but all of it tends to be on the oily side so I stay clear of it.  The salt and pepper shrimp and crab are pretty good though
4	went here for dinner a few weeks ago and again for lunch this weekend.dinner has crab legs, sushi, oysters (all not my gig), and several shrimp and fish entrees.  the shrimp entrees were great!!  soooooo yummy!  the chicken and beef entrees were also really good. the service was a little slow and the iced tea was a bit watered down, but for the quality of the food and price you can't beat it.  lunch also has oysters, sushi, shrimp and fish.  the lobster shrimp was good, as were the chicken entrees.  not too many beef offerings for this lunch.  the ice tea was better (not great) and service was on the spot!  she flew in each time a plate was finished, even thought the place was fairly busy!  and lunch for 3 ppl including tax and drinks for under $30 is a bargain.
4	Excellent Chinese Buffet.Of course it's not the best quality Chinese food, it is a BUFFET. One thing that's been really bugging me about Yelp lately is how so many people compare buffet food to restaurant food, which just isn't fair as buffets work on a totally different level. /Ramble.Anyways, the Krazy Buffet is definitely one of the better Chinese buffets. I loved the spot Penda's on Spring Mountain@Rainbow (It closed recently. R.I.P.), but that was pretty much hangover/stoner food, and I'm still upset over the $11.00 I wasted at New China. Krazy Buffet on the other hand is always fresh and good quality. There's quite a bit more seafood than usual to be found here, however, the seafood items are ironically the least fresh of all the offerings in the buffet. The sushi ain't half bad though. The service is decent enough, my drink was never empty. They also offer french fries and garlic bread. That gave me some interesting ideas to say the least, since Chinese food is something I love to improvise with. Don't come here expecting it to be on par with the best Chinese restaurants or takeout places, and trust me, you'll love it.
4	Krazy Buffet? What is KRAZZYYYY about a great buffet with a huge selection of Chinese and Japanese deliciousness. I walked in not knowing what to expect because there have been some gross buffets in Las Vegas so I went in without any expectations.Luckily I made a great decision and the food was fresh, hot, and scrumptious. They had plenty of greasy, fried appetizers that were all tasty and a great start to the meal. To my surprise the sushi was really fresh and there was a dedicated sushi chef making rolls the whole night which was refreshing to see. Generally when you head to a buffet the sushi is fairly fishy smelling and rarely edible but kudos to the sushi chef here.If you are looking for a buffet where the busboys take your plates creepily within 2 seconds of finishing your meal then Krazy Buffet is the nuts. I felt like I was being hurried up every time he'd grab my plate before I even stood up. If that was my only knock on the whole experience I guess I can't be too upset with the overall experience. Give it a shot, then thank me later.
3	My mom wanted to come here yesterday for lunch since she had received a $30 gift certificate from one of her friend's for Christmas. At first my sisters and I were all apprehensive since we're very picky about buffets. My dad has owned and operated several buffets in his lifetime and we have all worked in one or more of his restaurants in the past. My mom said she likes this place because it looks very clean. She said although they don't boast the biggest selection its cleanliness outweighs this by far. I ended up eating only one plate since that's what always happens to me at buffets. I can never seem to pig out or stuff my face. I tried many different things but this time I was pretty conscious of what I put on my plate. I didn't want to get a lot of stuff and end up wasting half of it so I got a little bit of the things that did seem appetitive to me at the moment. I got random things such as the Blue Fin Shark (my sister said her portion tasted sour, don't know how that could have happened), a very plump chicken wing, a big dollop of Chocolate Pudding, a big plate of clams, Coconut Chicken (very similar to Walnut Shrimp, which they don't serve), a cucumber and tomato mix, seabass, sauteed spinach, two pieces of two different rolls, etc. All-in-all everything wasn't bad and I liked the fact that they offered multiple types of fish and seafood in general. FYI, they serve raw oysters for dinner. They also serve some Chinese buffet staples such as egg drop soup, hot & sour soup, lo mein and sweet & sour chicken along with fresh fruit and various desserts.The place was pretty packed when we were here and there seemed to be a constant trickle of customers coming through the doors. We ate pretty quickly since we wanted to get our shop on at Stein Mart, which is conveniently located in the same strip mall. The total came out to be $33 something for the four of us.The soft serve ice cream was more water based and icy than it was creamy. I know my dad's soft serve ice cream spat out ice based ice cream too so I can conclude now with certainty that Mc Donald's soft serve ice cream is the best. The ones offered at buffets can never and will never measure up. So in other words don't get your hopes up on one of these soft serve machines.
3	No bad ... Big variety .... Sea bass was surprisingly fresh .... The rice wasn't that great tho ...But im a huge fan of seabass so it def gets a pass..!
4	We went here on a friend's recommendation for a quick lunch.  We were seated almost immediately and the waitstaff was quick and attentive in keeping drinks filled.  The selection was pretty good for a mixed asian cuisine buffet.  They had a small selection of sushi rolls (non were labeled as to what kind of rolls they were, which I did not like.)  Every other food item was clearly labeled and nothing appeared to have been sitting too long.  All of the food was pretty good, better than many other chinese buffets around town! There is a selection of 4+ soups which is great too.  My friend had the hot and sour and did not enjoy as it seemed like a mix of hot and sour and eggdrop.  The wonton soup was tasty however, and the fried bread with sugar was a great dessert item!  I left full and would go again.The price for two with soft drinks was under $25.
4	My daughter and I are not big people but we can sure eat and this place is so reasonably cheap and we have never had a bad experience here.  The food is always coming out fresh when the trays are half empty, the variety of food will please everyone.  My daughter loves this place since she is a picky eater.  You have to try it and for the price you have nothing to lose and everything to gain lol.  xoxoxo
3	My parents love this place because:1) it's a buffet2) it's cheap (if you don't order a soda, yes, we are cheap asians)3) it has the unlimited clams that they shouldn't be eating, but who cares if they overindulge once in awhile?The wait isn't that bad depending on which days you go, but it does get crowded. One last tip: try the sesame balls, I'd eat those as dessert. :)
4	Service is usually good here; fast and friendly. Drinks are always topped off quickly. I think this is one of the better asian food buffets.  I come here for the crab legs and shrimp that's coated with honey and mayo.  Yummy.  They serve sea bass and shark sometimes. They have a small selection of okay desserts.
4	The food here is worth the money..... it has sushi, baked oysters, and salt & pepper shrimp is real good.
2	This was so much better than the other buffet I reviewed a few months ago. My two star rating is a bit deceptive, though.I gave the last place I went to one star, but if I could have, I would have given it way less stars. It really was that bad. This place... solid 2 star buffet.I'd come back, but only if I was really in a buffet mood and felt like stuffing myself until I got sick.
4	I do like this place. But they upped the price a couple of times. I enjoy their mayo shrimp. Its pretty tasty. They also have crab legs. They arent the meatiest but they will suffice if you are willing to work for it. My wife and I would always wait for the coupons in the mail for this place.
4	I finally got around to trying this place after several people had suggseted it to me. I've come to the conclusion that ALOT of these type Buffets are basically serving the same dishes and what stands out is the things that they offer that the others dont.I arrived late for lunch around 3pm and even at that late hr the place was active with people -a good sign. The place was well lit and I was offered a nice comfortable booth where I could spread out my paper and read. I even lucked out and was sitting across from a crying baby!! lol As I said, they are basically serving the same thing as other places with the difference here being Sweet Potato French Fries, fresh breaded shrimp & Fish with cocktail & tartar sauce available. They also had peeled shrimp on ice as well as whole fried shrimp and grilled shark. Also "coconut chicken" was offered but the chicken was more breading than substinance but the sauce was very good, they even have a fresh sushi station with several types of rolls available.The desert station was pretty pedestrian with no standouts at all other than the small coconut cake squares they were offering were dry and stale which is nbd as I really wasnt there for desert.I also got to see them putting out the dinner items such as the snow crab legs and while thin, they looked good. Overall I'd have to say try this place because you cant go wrong. Of the 3 places on Sahara I still rate Buffet @ Asia #1, followed by this place and Pacific Buffet at #3.
4	Go for the Salt n Pepper Shrimp, fried chicken wings, cocktail shrimp, snow crab legs, raw oysters, greens, and fish... they also have clams, mussels, crawfish... the kids love this place.  We always print out the 10% off coupon online.  For all the seafood thats offered, it's better than your average chinese/asian buffets around town...
3	There isn't really much you need to know about this Asian food buffet. It's cheap, decent food, and it has unlimited seafood for dinner including crab legs. If you're hungry and want a massive amount of Asian food on the cheap or if you want unlimited crab legs on the cheap this place is definitely worth a try.
3	Definitely better than Buffet Asia.  This might be Chinese food heaven for someone that lives in the boonies but it was just alright for me.  They definitely offer a lot for the price and I happily stuffed myself with as many green veggies/meat combos as possible.  All the servers were really friendly and were prompt to refill beverages and take away plates.  3.3389821 stars!!
4	this place is tasty and fast... great value.. the manager is a cool cat...I heard this place had some bad ratings and was on some news channel here so take it for what you will..  I eat of street vendors in thailand so I love this place.....
4	Tried this buffet last weekend.  Krazy Buffet has a very large selection for a reasonable price.  I liked the large selections of different kinds of sushi and deserts too.  The food seemed fresh and very well prepared.  In all, a great mixture of both Japanese and Chinese offerings.  There were more things to try than I had room in my stomach for!  I would definately recommend this buffet!
3	It's not a bad buffet but not the best. They have sushi and sashimi, a real little section but they have it. The rest of the food is pretty standard. No Mongolian station, and not a lot of seafood but at least they're clean, have good service, and located in a nice area. The only thing I really liked and none of the other cheap buffets have been able to make better is the coconut fried shrimp.  For the price you can't go wrong it is a cheap buffet.
1	So it's been a year since the last time I was here.  I went because the kids really wanted to try it again.  I guess they had better memories of this place than I did.Well, we went here and what can I say? It's still the same as before. 1 Star.  I am all for a cheap meal, but I don't think I could do this place again.   I wish it was different, it used to be awesome but not so much anymore.
4	Solid buffet. All your usual Chinese favs. I particularly liked the Sushi (they have alot of different kinds) and their baked seafood dish. This was lunch so no crab, etc. Their honey chicken was also really good, not covered in batter and sort of light. The service is also really good, they clean plates and re-fill drinks right like ninjas (so stealth you wonder was it aliens who did it).
4	In a city of buffets, why in the heck would I go looking for a Chinese Buffet? Because sometimes I just want a variety of Asian food to choose from. I've tried most Asian buffets here in Vegas so when I couldn't decided on a place to eat but knew I had a craving for some good Chinese eats, I figured what the heck let's do a buffet!This place is called Krazy for a reason, lots of people were here on the Sunday afternoon we came. The crab legs were piled on plates quicker than they could get out on the buffet line. I'm sad I didn't get to sample these suckers as people piled them on their plate like there was no tomorrow.Overall the food on the line was pretty good and exceeded my expectations. I ate so much that day that I can't remember what was the best thing on there, I just know that I was completely satisfied afterwards.Decent food, decent price and lots of people! Good luck trying to get crab legs! :(
1	We got there by 5:30pm and most of the dishes were cold, as if they been sitting there since noon.  They never refilled our drinks and tried to rush us out.  I would never eat at this place again.
5	Food was fresh! Waiters were very attentive, extra napkins, drinks always filled n plates cleared right away! Awesome price for crab legs! N they werent the crappy kind, they cracked easy with plump juicy pieces in them....yumm!
4	This place certainly gives buffet @ asia a run for their money.  Food is always hot, fresh, rotated and their sushi bar is MUCH smaller then buffet @ asia but it's good, and I've seen some improvement and more selection lately.They are a little cheaper in price compared to buffet @ asia, quality is about the same. Service is a little better though here.  The place isn't as run down and ugly and is kept fairly clean.  I have been here many times and will happily continue to go back. Keep in mind though, the place isn't fantastic by any means, but it's certainly not bad and the food is good and not expensive.
4	It is no M or Bellagio buffet but it is for sure my favorite Asian buffet to go to..I always end up going home so stuffed till I can't eat anymore! Food seems to be always freshly cooked and the servers are always there every 5 minutes to clear out your plates and help you. I would go here even only for their Salted shrimps and crab legs! I love making my own crab leg dipping sauce too.. Butter, lemon and some salt... YUM! For dessert try their apple pie and put some ice cream on top! Sinfully delish!
3	Went with family and thought food tasted a bit like cafeteria food. Overall, my family loved it. I was just not too "Krazy" about it.
4	Very good for $14.00
5	Visiting here for 10 days and staying in a condoDriving around and found this placeAte here 2x ( Lunch + Dinner)Food was fresh + TastySushi was great for the priceShrimp OK but about the same as other buffetsSesame balls were lite and greatFor desert they had a coffee taramisu which was rather good
4	Another Asian themed buffet in Vegas...doesn't hurt if the food is alright to pretty good.  This Sahara location is conveniently located on the West Side of Las Vegas, just off South Summerlin on the hustle and bustle along the Sahara Strip of business galore.  If any of you have been to Buffet@Asia...you are pretty much getting the same perks if not better.  The atmosphere from the outside appearance is clean and fresh.  Once you get in through the doors, the array of food welcomes you.  It has been strategically well planned as far as layout goes. Spacious in both seating and food arrangements.  The place is surrounded by windows gathering natural light and makes it more welcoming than Buffet@Asia (if any of you have been there you will know what I mean)  Price wise...it is a little cheaper than Buffet@Asia, but almost the same in price.  This is not your Todai or Makino's gourmet Asian Buffet, but you will have plenty of selection to choose which will be enough to satisfy the cravings.  I myself am a fan...who wouldn't mind going here every now and then.  If you are in the area...check it out.  It's more of a hit then a miss.  Don't forget to try their Mochi Balls (sesame)  they are a great snack/dessert.  Nice and warm, light with a bit of sweetness.  Pretty good than most places. :)
1	yak . nasty food.  never go back
2	I have been to this place several times I admit, most of the time its been out of desperation( that's when your stomach is growling, your family can't decide what to eat, you're looking for a place that's pretty cheap, have your cake & eat it too) although I try not to come here too often. Before you read my review take this into consideration, its $7 for lunch & $12 for dinner ALL YOU CAN EAT Asian-ish buffet....WHAT DO YOU ExPEct? Definitely NOT gourmet food!? THat would be one helluva KRAZY idea! In a nutshell salad looked unappetizing, chicken wings were good til I discovered it was because of the MSG that they use on it, egg drop soup tasted like scrambled eggs swimming in cornstarch soup, kalbi beef had an after taste as well as the baked green mussels ( I can taste/smell meats etc when they have been properly washed or cleaned, they have a certain stench to them even after they are cooked) the sushi looked unappealing and the fish did not look fresh, the desserts consisted of canned fruit of the lowest grade possible, almond cookies, chocolate mousse etc., they did have a chocolate & vanilla soft serve yogurt machine but bananas smothered with red sauce? Interesting.... At least they had sliced fresh oranges. They did have crab legs for dinner as well as seasoned crab pieces. The ok dishes for me were the chop suey, the pot sticker and the fried rice. Hey at least the food is edible...not a total waste of money. If you are looking for a place to just satisfy your hunger that is within your budget that can give you the variety you crave then you have come to the right place! Oh and by the way I think that buffet @ Asia has way more varieties and fresher more delicious food than here, it is more expensive though. Bon apetit!
3	Good variety, flavor is always spot on and we usually enjoy it.  The place is always busy and we sometimes have to wait, but not long.  They offer two types of soup, have a fresh sushi bar with quite a few selections. They offer a salad bar and the usual jello, pudding, cookie and soft serve ice cream.  My favorite chicken dish is spicy with slices of jalapeno and the shrimp with mayo and walnuts is very good.  I also love the crab rangoons.  The service is great, the food good, the best Chinese food in a buffet, probably not, but it's a good alternative.
3	I used to be Kray Kray over this buffet, but I think I'm over it. Had dinner with the homies looking forward to some crab legs and oysters. Crab legs were dry, and a no show on the oysters. I got the usual here and there, but the two items that are ALWAYS on point are the coconut skrimps and the "kick his ass SEA BASS!!!" These two items with some rice is the WINNER!!! Note to self... Sea Bass and Coconut Skrimps...
3	I ate at the Krazy Buffet for lunch on a Friday.  It was busy but always had a table open for people streaming in.  I was seated promptly, my drink order was taken quickly and I helped myself to several dishes that had shrimp and found them to be of average flavor and not anything that was over the top.  The chicken wings looked cooked perfectly but had no flavor...none...they were hot temperature but bland even though they looked good.  Their Hot Sour Soup was good but lacked that vinigar(?) flavor.  I tried small portions of several dishes and did not find anything that was so good that I would go back for, but none of it was "bad".  My drink was refilled quickly, however, I was puzzeled by a sense of invisibility while eating there.  No one asked if my food was good or if I liked what I was eating.  The wait staff spoke Chinese to each other and I think my dining experience could have been better had I been acknowledged or spoken to.  The overall rating of the food would be average or 1/2 a point below average.  I try to find positive issues when rating buffets,  as these places have a low margin of profit, and deserve fair and impartial comments.  So with that being said,  the place had ample parking, clean eating area, sufficient dishes to satisfy a lunch crowd that wants quick service, inexpensive food to cure the hunger and be on your way.  Should I eat there again, I will update my review.
4	Whenever I'm in Vegas with the family, Krazy Buffet never seems to disappoint. Yes, it is a ways from the strip, but its worth it. It's CLEAN!! The food is good, it's cheap, there are many great selections & the seafood is good for an asian buffet.
5	I had the buffet for lunch on a weekday for 10.- Opened 20min before opening, 11am, so food was very fresh!- I favored the coconut chicken, wonton and hot and sour soup, egg foo young, and potstickers. - sushi was okay, better than wicked spoon. lol. - for desserts, the sesame balls and fried donut were good. - Fast service. whenever the water was low, they filled it up quickly.- Not the best chinese food, but great price for what it's worth. ^____^~ ^___^!
4	I'm a huge fan of buffet and Krazy Buffet dinner prices are $11.99 with a mix of clams, mussel, CRAB LEGS, fish, and fresh sushi made right in front of you. I really enjoy the steam crab legs and there no limit so you know for a fact I like ALL I CAN EAT. So if your just like me and love seafood then this is the place for you! Get your money worth and get your grub on! Enjoy!
4	For the price, this place is great.  The ingredients they serve for lunch is well worth the $7.79 plus tax.  I always have plenty of clams and shrimp. The restaurant's decor is nothing to write home about, and there is no way I'm going there with a date or anything. But the service is surprisingly great for a buffet, water refills come very fast and they are by to clean up the plates as soon as I go back for another round.  Now if only the food tasted a bit better I could give it 5 stars.
2	Well there goes my money down the drain! I honestly would not recommend this place to anyone! There is a large variety of food but it was all so bland! The crab looked old and it did not taste right! While the shrimp they served was mushy for some reason. The only thing I enjoyed was their noodles otherwise everything else basically sucked! Their sushi was so salty that I had to drink some water to get rid of the taste. 11.99 down the drain!
3	Not bad at all. I've been going to these Chinese buffets since I moved here in '02 but most of the time their food is sub par and the restaurant is pretty dirty, but not at krazy. The place is very clean and food is fresh. Other places lack flavor or variety, and they usually offer fried foods since its cheaper probably. Krazy has steamed fish and their chow mein was flavorful (unlike most buffets where it's just oil and sodium). They have seafood and a wide variety of meats and veggie dishes. Krazy also offers one of the biggest selection of desserts I've seen when it comes to Chinese buffets. Buffet @ Asia used to be good but maybe I've found a new favorite...
1	flavor less food.............if you just broke from playing around vegas, this is for youNOT FOR ME.........
5	I don't get to this place nearly as often as I would like to since I live near UNLV and this place is on west Sahara and I'm a non driver so I need to go with somebody who has a car and I don't relish the thought of taking 4 buses (round trip). I went there with a friend yesterday.We've both been there before and I've eaten here on at least 10 or more previous occasions.I always enjoy the food TREMENDOUSLY here.They have a pretty decent variety and the food is very fresh and extremely tasty.I probably end up eating more here than just about any other Chinese buffet I go to.The manager (Daniel) and staff are extremely friendly and personable.         Some of my favorite items include cocktail shrimp (with cocktail sauce). I really like this and most Chinese buffets do not have this.I would also recommend their garlic shrimp(extremely delicious flavor),pepper steak(tender),steamed fish,teriyaki chicken and a variety of other items you may like depending on your tastes and preferences.Their sushi selection is average,not bad but not spectacular,but to tell the truth,I enjoy the regular dishes so much that I rarely eat the sushi.        Buffet Asia used to be my preferred Chinese buffet but Krazy Buffet has definitely replaced it as my favorite.My comments are based on the lunch buffet.You can go to the dinner buffet for about four dollars more but I haven't done that yet.I assume they might have a few extra items but I'm more than satisfied with the lunch selection.If you go to their web site,they have some coupons that you can print which will give you either a 10% or 15% discount depending on what time of day you go there.       In closing,I truly recommend to anyone that is reading this review that you pay at least one visit to this place.If you do,I think you will go back again.I would come here at least once a week if they were closer to where I live.Try it.If you like it,post here and let us know.
3	They were out of a lot of food. It's not as good a Asia buffet on Sahara ... But it was decent. The bathroom was disgusting, I can't stand eating at restaurants where the  bathroom is nasty.
4	The price is great. The food is average but every time I go it is always fresh and hot. The staff are always very attentive.
3	Pretty good Chinese buffet.  Would definitely go again if I lived near this restaurant.
4	We have a tradition of having Chinese food on Christmas.  We are new to the area, so we thought we would give this place a try.  Since it was a holiday, the place was very busy and completely full.  We were seated within 5 minutes.  Even though they were packed, the buffet was kept full and all the items we tried were fresh.  The food was tasty and we left very full and happy.  We will definitely be back!
5	Lunch is what I'm reviewing. It's one of the best deals in town. You won't find better quality for the price you pay. It's like 7 bucks, but it tastes like 10 or 15. If you want the best chinese in town, go pay 30 bucks somewhere else. If you want quality food, at an amazing price, go to Krazy Buffet!
4	This place is better then Buffet @ Asia, hands down. Their grilled seabass is always a hit.. as well as their garlic clams (in shell).The sushi rolls are not really great but I figure if one wants sushi, go to a darn sushi joint that specializes in that cuisine. Krazy Buffet is not one to be scrutinized for its sushi. Basically, you get what you pay for... I always have lunch here for $7.99 and the food is well worth that deal. (well, except for the hot n sour soup.. it's kinda bland)
3	My fella is an Asian buffet food fiend and I try to indulge him from time to time by enduring a meal at Buffet of Asia because I'm a good girlfriend! This morning I decided to indulge him as well as my Yelpyness by trying a new place where he could eat Asian food til her bursts and I'd have the opportunity to check off a bookmark from my list. Win win. We arrived around 11 and the place wasn't too busy. The place is pretty clean and service was really attentive. Refills were quick and plates were cleared away quickly as well. On to the food. The line was kept clean and the food options were plentiful. I was impressed by the amount of veggie options that they had. That is often lacking in buffets. I will probably never be a big fan of buffets, but this is one of the better options in town.
1	Holy shit this place is gross!My parents saw the waiter drop my fork and spoon while I was away getting my second plate. All the waiter did was put it back up on the table. Right in fucking front of them!The meat of the crab legs appears to be made from cheap, unhealthy crabs with very poor meat inside. Also DO NOT EAT THE CLAMS! There are alot of clams that remained closed after being cooked, that means the clam actually died BEFORE it went into the pot, which can be a dangerous vector for food borne illnesses.And for $12 a person for this kind of crap? Stuff that is unsanitary and can potentially kill us? Mom and dad told me later that they were really sick, but me and my brother were fine due to our precautions.
4	We eat here about once a month or so and have never had a bad meal. Living in buffet town i think a lot of people compare this to casino buffets but they shouldn't. As the name may suggest it's Asian fare complete with sushi but it also has seafood like crab legs and shrimp. Everything is fresh and replaced often. I really enjoy the pot stickers and chicken on a stick  and as much broccoli as I can stuff. Dessert is OK but not a rave. It seems to be busy always, or at least when we go, Since the price doesn't include drinks like casino buffets it isn't the cheapest but it is well in line with non mega casino buffets and well worth the trip since you don't have to go in a casino and possibly get lured  into a gamblethon.
4	Call me crazy but out of all the Asian buffets in Las Vegas I feel like Krazy Buffet is the best one. It's pretty cheap and tasty! I've only been here for lunch which is around $7 ~ I like Krazy buffet because it looks relatively clean and they have a good variety of food especially seafood! All i really need here is a cup of hot and sour soup and a big plate of green veggies and their fish... Their steamed ginger & garlic fish is soooo good. Not the best quality but hey... $7???! HOT TIP: my friends tell me for dinner they offer crab legs and oysters..!!!
3	For a reasonably priced Asian Buffet, Krazy Buffet is the place to visit. Avoid the early morning rush around 11:30am-12pm on Saturday's as wait times can get as long as up to 30 min to an hour! Food taste wise is alright, not the greatest but hey, you get what you pay for right? Although I do admit the selection of food is pretty good from sushi, to chinese, to pizza? Large dessert section too to keep the little ones, and adults happy. :)
3	my dad loves this place. he brings all of his friends here. i like their steamed fish. everything tends to be relatively fresh because its always so busy and the food gets restocked often. tables can be a little sticky and the curtain into the kitchen looks like it hasnt been cleaned since the place opened...
3	We came for dinner with a 10% off coupon from the newspaper.  It was located on W Sahara Ave/near S Cimarron Ave in Las Vegas.  They have a large parking lot.  I was a little scared to try the buffet after reading the reviews, but it was okay.At dinner they serve steamed snow crab legs and clams.  They have assorted sushi, pot stickers, egg rolls, fried chicked wings, fried shrimp, won ton soup, pizza, kalbi, kimchee, and all the typical Chinese entrees, etc.  The dessert section was limited.  They had packaged almond cookies.There was a tall set of lockers for employees to keep their belongings in the back of the restaurant.  One employee was taking her break checking her cell phone and having a beverage.  It was just odd to see her standing there behind some customers.I would come back for $7 lunch.
4	Its the best Chinese buffet I have been to in Vegas. They have a wide variety of food including crab legs (which I went there for), shrimp (boiled and fried), beef spare ribs, mussels, clams, oysters, some yummy seabass, and even sushi (which I have eaten more than a few times and have never been ill :-) ) The cost is $11-12 per person depending on if you have a coupon or not which you can print off of their website. Cost of the drinks are extra. Overall, highly enjoyable and I would and have gone back.
3	My family and I usually go here whenever we're too late for Buffet @ Asia. There's not too many food compared to other buffets, maybe that's just me. But i feel like eating the same thing over and over again every time i go here. The music is indeed nice of them. The service is great and the staffs are nice. (:
4	If you are craving Chinese take-outs, but don't want to limit yourself to just the usual 2 or 3 items, then head over to Krazy Buffet down by Sahara and Cimarron.  This Asian buffet serves up decent Chinese foods that are typically sold at Chinese take-out outposts throughout the Las Vegas valley.  Plus they have a salad bar, small sushi rolls station, desserts, and in the evening also dish out crab legs, oysters (maybe oysters are served all day. Never been here during lunch).  And the price is fair for the food they serve (10% off discount ads can often be found in local publications).I live fairly close to Krazy Buffet, and the parking lot area in its immediate vicinity is always packed with cars during meal time.  On most of my visits, including this past Easter, the restaurant was filled with a lot of patrons.  But service was still good (drink refills and clearing the used plates are taken care of staff that patrol their assigned sections).I am not much of a crab legs person at these buffets (just don't feel like getting my hands dirty), but at nights that is the thing everyone else goes for.  But the kitchen is pretty good about making more to refill the near-empty trays with leggy reinforcements.  Raw (Olympia) oysters are also served (not sure if this is available during lunch), which are also very popular.The sushi is okay. Definitely can't compare them to the ones you order at Japanese restaurants.  But you are also not being charged $25 for their AYCE sushi option. The seaweed salad is great, and is just like the one served at all the other Japanese restaurants.  The steamed fish with soy and scallions is my favorite item in the hot Chinese food section.  Get some steamed rice or fried rice, get a few pieces of steamed fish and spoon on some sauce and you are good to go.  Sauteed Long Beans, Honey Walnut Prawns, Chinese and Mushrooms, and Fried Sesame Balls are my usual favorites at Krazy Buffet.  If you are new to this eatery, try those.Other highlights:  crawfish, fried chicken wings, coconut fried shrimps, mini-meatball skewers, Korean BBQ ribs (hit and miss), .If you planned ahead and saved some room for desserts at the end, you can make your own pie a la mode, or go crazy with the Krazy orange slices, canned fruits, jello, or have some fried plantains.Krazy Buffet is perfect for all of these occasions, conditions and more:1)  You have a large party and a limited budget.2)  General Chinese/Asian food craving.3)  You are hungry and generally indecisive, but still gotta eat.4)  Have family units to feed, but no time to cook or you can't cook or you burnt the Stouffers Lasagna (or forgot to turn on the oven).5)  You are Krazy for buffets.6)  You want to carb up Asian style before the next 10K.7)  You are seeking restaurants with plenty of veggie options.8)  Your Chinese heritage compels you to come up with lucky 8 number of reasons to convince others to check out Krazy Buffet.Food:  4/5  Great selections. Generally pretty good.Price/Value:  4.5/5  For AYCE crab legs, the price of admission is very reasonable.Service:  3.5/5  Drinks are refilled automatically and dirty plates cleared by house elves.  But just like the famous Dobby, a little demonstration of monetary appreciation for services rendered is appreciated.Parking:  3.5/5  You should park further to walk off those extra calories, but there will be plenty of parking spaces before you get to burn off a single calories.Rounding up to 4 stars!
5	The best Asian buffet in all of Las Vegas!!! It's cheap too just over 10 bucks for adult dinner, can I get a hell ya!!!!!! A good variety of sushi, crab legs, shrimp with cocktail sauce, soft and chewy sesame balls and a seafood mix.
3	took my parents to eat here cus my dad loves this place. the soy marinated fish was great today. the dude that usually serves us is always on top of it. they claim they dont use MSG. its written on their business card. i had two regular bowls of wonton soup. the first was so savory. i didnt think anything of it. the 2nd was so savory i kept wanting more. uh oh... sure enough an hour or so later i was getting super sleepy and started to get a bad headache. two typical symptoms of ingesting too much MSG. right now i have a very annoying headache thats at the back of my head.most places that serve wonton soup is going to have a ton of msg in it. i used to eat this broth the street vendors in korea would sell. they would boil the fish cakes in the broth. i asked the lady what made it so savory. she said MSG. the wonton tastes the same. i cant help but bitch about false advertising. a lot of people dont realize how many products use MSG. soy sauce, sausages, ranch dressing, etc... i still like this place cus their sauteed spinach and baked fish in soy sauce is so good. wait, is that the MSG talking?
5	This has become the best Chinese buffet for my family.  Lunch prices are good. The food is constantly changed out/refilled with fresh pans.  The staff attendance is rediculous. They're busing and refilling glasses like crazy EVERY TIME.  The sushi bar is always fresh from my experience unlike other locations were the rice dries out. Pleanty of seating. Check for yourself!
3	A decent buffet, I think, but my husband didn't like it. As far as asian buffets go, Buffet at Asia is better. I was on a restricted diet (at the time) but I still managed to find some dishes to eat (sauteed veggies, some seafood dishes, steamed clams, green lettuce salad), although, I'm pretty sure, my doc would've advised me not to go here (Asian food is very high in sodium). This place was busy when we went. There was a large party (for a christening), and this was lunch time, too. The dish replacement was pretty good, maybe because this was a busy time. The manager caught a patron "picking" at the seafood dishes, and warned him not to do that next time. Large selection and choices, average rating, quick dish replacement, pretty cheap deal for lunch. But, like I said, my husband didn't like it (so I don't think that we are going back). We were celebrating our nephew's birthday. Our party was split into three or four tables. Clean dining area- tables & chairs, the booths were on the side.
5	I'm giving this 5 stars because it is sooo much better than the "Buffet at Asia" down the street. Not a buffet type of person in general but I go there with guests who want to experience buffets in Vegas. I must say the crab legs and seafood for the price is incomparable, really liked the coconut shrimp. Nice find!
2	Okay buffet as far as Chinese buffets go in Las Vegas. NV can learn a lot from NY about Chinese food and especially buffets. In North Las Vegas this is your best option as there are not many of them. They do have Sushi but not the freshest I have had. Last time we ate my daughter said the crab legs were very gross, old with moss on them, so for the money and location it will do but if you have time go to Buffet Asia off of Charleston downtown, much better!
3	Very friendly and attentive staff,  My diet coke was kept filled and my empty plates were quickly taken away.  The selection is not big, but acceptable.  I was hoping that the sushi section would be larger, but then again do I want to eat cheap raw fish in the middle the desert?
4	EAT TILL YOU DROP ASIAN BUFFETSFirst of all, Asian buffets are great places to take your Haole friends who think Chung King or Panda Express is the best Chinese food they've ever sampled in their life. Second Asians who dine at these buffets ae intentionally setting themselves up to fail thinking they will find a diamond in a uranium mine.  For the money, it's bountiful real crab legs, potstickers, fried chicken wings, sushi and fried rice that will thoroughly satisfy the unpretentious and unbiased Chung King or Panda Express diner,  Is KB better than AB ?  If you use Sriracha on your sushi or drown your fried rice in soy sauce, I don't think it really matters.The interior is bland, furniture second hand, service fairly decent and food exceeds the price and expectations to some of us.
3	This was our first visit and it is about time as my curiosity for the last few years has been going wild every time we pass by and see a packed lot.I used to live just a block from here approximately four years ago when they were building Krazy Buffet. I had moved just prior to their opening and wondered what affect it would have on one of my favorite Chinese restaurants just down the street (Bobo China). I was in the mood for Chinese and we were very hungry, wanting to resolve our lunch and dinner all in one shot.The place is clean, has comfy cushy booths, lots of variety of food to select from and great staff clearing tables and bringing drink refills.The food was good, not bad and not great. The sushi was better than usual buffet sushi which is usually horrid. I enjoyed the stuffed mussels, orange chicken, fried rice, fried shrimp, coconut shrimp, sushi, meatball skewers, pot stickers, cherry bananas and coconut macaroons for dessert.Mmmmm those pork meatball skewers were packed full of flavor with a drizzle of BBQ sauce on them. Yummy. I could sit and just eat a plate of those balls and be satisfied. They have a great salad bar as well which was super fresh and had all of the toppings and dressing you could want.My hubby really enjoyed the super big juicy chicken wings fried to perfection in a delicious light batter.This visit did the trick, we came we ate and we conquered.Their building was built new and looks nice on the outside however the inside of the restaurant was dumpy looking with old booths.
2	Quantity over quality is the motto here.  The price is good, the service is adequate but while they may have some items that does not mean those items have taste.  Crab legs, tasteless, same with the shrimp unless you get one of the salt and pepper shrimp or crab which do have taste but none of the original food, just of salt and pepper.At half the price of the better buffets in town this place will attract those who want a lot of food cheaply but do not go expecting any subtle tastes or anything that will make you take notice, but they do have a lot to offer as far as variety.We will spend more, wait for groupon discounts and go to other buffets in town where the quality is better.
2	I heard this place was good but was very disappointed.  The food did not seem very fresh, had odd, almost dirty taste to it, the bowls weren't very clean, and there weren't as many choices as I thought.   On the positive side, the soft serve was delish, the sushi was mostly good (although the inari was mostly seaweed), and my picky daughter found a lot to eat.  The won ton soup was the best I have had in an all you can eat chinese buffet.
4	As a broke Airmen I use to frequent this little buffet whenever I had the urge to test the limits of my pants' waist. I can't remember ever leaving here without a decent sized food baby. The food here is definitely not 5 star, but for less than $10 dollars at lunch you can't really complain without looking like a total cheapy.If you like crab legs, they do offer them for dinner. I must warn that you will spend more time cracking them and picking out the meat than you will eating. The legs are also pretty tiny. The price is still very reasonable for the crab leg dinner buffet, but not really worth it if you ask me. Everything else on the line is pretty much the same from what I remember, and the crab legs just weren't awesome.If you want to (over) fill your tummy while keeping your wallet full, Krazy Buffet's lunch special is the way to go. :)
5	Excellent food..
4	Nice place to eat. Been here a few times and will go soon again. Prices are fair, food was good and I was happy.Some people are very picky about buffets. Don't go then and eat at a restuarant where you are expected to tip. I would recommend this buffet to anyone wanting good food and clean restuarant.
4	Not bad for an AYCE place!  Food was fresh and hot, restaurant and restrooms were clean and well maintained, service for the semi-private banquet room was good, our server was in top of it! Kept the drinks filled, table cleared and check brought promptly.
5	For the mere price of $12.95 I can not get enough of the crab legs, fried crab, pepper shrimp, sushi, broccoli dish, steak, and soup....it's all so good and no MSG!
5	I just love, love Krazy buffet!   I have been to most, and this is the best.  Don't waste your money trying to find a good chinese buffet, this is it.
5	In town for the weekend and stopped here for dinner,  good selection of foods all fresh and tasty. Place was clean and the service was good.  30 for two adults with drinks.
1	Don't let the Yelpers fool you on this place because the food here tastes pretty bad. I didn't have a single dish that I would consider good and I tried fried rice, lo mein, mapo tofu, beef w/ broccoli, a spicy chicken dish, some pork dishes, steamed dumplings, egg rolls, crab rangoon and pretty much every dish except the mixed seafood one.   Even the steamed rice and basic things like wonton & hot and sour soup were not very good either. Panda Express is a lot better than this place. For the same price as this buffet, you can go eat at Ping Pang Pong which is the best Chinese food in town. Don't waste your time.
3	Been here dozens of times and it still hasn't dissatisfied me. The food is good, always the same quality--between good and great, never something amazing. Service is good and recently they've been opening a little earlier than 11. Sushi is decent, never got problems with it. One star off for the food and service just being good, not spectacular.Another star off for lacking in some areas. Deserts and fruits are their weak points--and I love deserts! Go here if you just want a no BS asian buffet. Good all around, but not great at anything.EDIT: I've been here for dinner. Not exactly worth the extra $$$ for the dinner service, but they do have different dishes. The coconut chicken (which is the "leftovers" bits of the chicken (skin, tendons, scraps) at lunch) turns to coconut shrimp, they add in some seafood, and the choppy tri-tip mix.
3	You know what, this place is OK. We are staying on the strip and an older lady wants to go here to eat. What!?! There's a gazillion buffets on or near the strip and they wanna go 25 min out of town? Must be special I thought.I get there and its an Asian/Chinese buffet. Not impressed. Even the decor was non descript. I was dreading eating there but I did it for my aunt. Pleasantly surprised, the food was actually OK. Nothing special but there's the standard fare. I was surprised there was honey shrimp, crabs, and prawns as the higher cost items. Service was fine. Mostly locals eating here. The best thing about this place that bumped it to 3 stars is the just under $13 price tag for dinner. I am not sure how they make money.Not worth the drive but if you're in the area (maybe to visit the ridiculous number of car dealerships) then hit this place up.
3	I've gone here a couple times and the food is alright. Just don't compare it to the multiple buffets we have in the fancy casinos on the Strip.Any buffet with crab legs is a winner in my book, but for some reason the crab legs here were a little skimpy on the meat =( I shouldn't work so hard to crack open a leg to find NO MEAT inside. Anyways.. They offer other variety of foods here from sushi to french fries and wonton soup. They serve fruits here along with ice cream, but I did find the ice cream to taste a bit strange.If you enjoy Buffet @ Asia then you'll probably like this place as well since they both are pretty much tied in my book.
5	I feel like we're on a game show and the price is right! $11.99 dinner buffet is a wining price! Now we know why they call themselves "Krazy." The food wasn't bad at all. There were certain items that I had to pack my plate up with since they were my favorites! The place was bustling and packed on a Saturday evening at around 8:30pm - but we didn't have to wait, we were quickly seated at a booth when we walked in. The food kept being refreshed since there were a lot of diners- this is a great thing! They have a decent selection of Chinese goodies and other asian flavors. I ended up with a plate stacked with cream cheese wontons and gyoza...Somehow it seemed like the right thing to do. They were so crispy and gushing with cream cheese goodness. So bad yet sooo sooo good! They make them very good here. Plus their sweet and sour sauce and gyoza sauce sealed the deal! I'm a saucy girl, and I dunked my gyoza and wontons like there was no tomorrow. Super yummy! They had oysters on a half shell that were cleanly shucked, tasted sweet, and didn't get us sick after eating... That's a huge plus in the books! The crab legs and butter with lemon was a hit for me! (Only served at dinner) The vanilla soft serve was creamy, sweet and a perfect ender to the gorge fest! Here is a list of everything that I could remember from the buffet: (trust me, there was a ton more) Frog legsOystersFried chicken Bbq pork bunSweet and sour porkHoney walnut shrimpTeriyaki chicken skewers  Orange chickenShrimp cocktailGyoza sauce and sweet and sour sauce Baked mussels Steamed clamsFried doughFried wonton chipsBeef broccoliSteamed SeabassChowmeinFried rice White riceEgg drop soupHot and sour soupMiso soup Wonton soupSushi barSalad / cold barFruitVanilla Soft serve ice cream Some baked cake selectionsPizzaRemember this isn't gourmet fine dining! This is greasy good ol' buffet style Chinese fast food! The price is right, take it for what it really is. :)
3	Its so hard to find a good asian buffet. Theres A huge selection of food for a awesome price. Unlimited crab legs. There must be 40+ appetizers, entrees and desserts. Im giving a 3 stars because though the food tastes good, they could keep up wth the bathrooms better for as busy as they are. That is obviously very important.
4	Me: My kids love buffets. As far as Asian buffets go, this is really good. It's small so food stays fresh and small batched. I don't think the use much if any MSG. The steamed fish, stir-fried clams and the spinach dishes are always my go-to. Everything else is pretty good but these 3 are best. For quick Asian food fix, this beats Panda or take-out shops any day. Him: The fish here is amazing. The flavor is nice and light and it breaks easily when you eat it. It feels like it flakes apart. You don't have to really bite it. They have good sushi too. It's not like other sushi restaurants, but it's still just good. I like the noodles too. It tastes like the Chinese noodles I like with extra onions which means extra-flavor. Only go for lunch. Don't go for dinner like other people do who just go for the crab. I like crab but they have skinny snow crab and it's too weird because it doesn't have much flavor or meat like Dungeness crabs. Bathrooms are yucky like most Asian restaurants. Go at home or wherever you are before you eat there.
3	Food was decent for a buffet, nothing spectacular but decent Chinese food. They filled the drink glasses as soon as they were empty so that was nice as well. The bathrooms left a LOT to be desired for cleanliness. The doughnuts are worth going for if you get them when they first come out! Man they were good!!
3	The Booths were old and torn....The tables looked as if they were 20 years old....The carpet was old and stained....The ice cream machine was dirty...I had some coconut shrimp and it was average...I have had better....The selection was okay...The low Mein was over cooked and under seasoned....I probably won't go there again...Maybe John Taffer Can revamp the place ...LOL  Oh Yeah the Fruit was room temp....not very tasty
3	Decent buffet- it's not on the Strip, so don't expect five star quality, but it's a decent option for a large selection that isn't packed with mediocre dishes of low quality.Sushi selection is large- about 8 different rolls with at least one vegetarian and one fried option, but most are variations of Philadelphia and California rolls. Primary fish used are crab and spicy tuna, lots of avocado in use here but in one roll it had more of a guacamole flavor to it. Not the best quality fish, but large selection for a price under what you'd usually spend on a single roll at an actual sushi restaurant.Soups are fresh, won ton was good but broth was a bit too oily for my liking. Fish used in cooked dishes (baked salmon, grilled seabass, seafood delight) was underseasoned and over cooked.Other items were decent: salad bar and dessert area had the usual choices, plus an octopus salad that had way too much jalapeno for my liking. Chicken wings were fried but tasted fresh. Chinese options weren't overly Americanized or greasy: beef and broccoli, a sad-looking lo mein, several tofu options.Service was fine, food was fairly fresh and staff were all over the place wiping spills and clearing tables. Was surprised to go here solo and get seated at a booth.Lunch price is $8.96 including tax, tipped cash.
2	I wouldn't call it gourmet.  I'd call it average at best.  Kids do get a discount and under 3 years old are free.
1	Never coming back! Serviced was not good, there was a bug in my drink and the cashier said something in her native language when my boyfriend and I walked away (my guess about the tip amount because we were not pleased with anything). DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY!!!!!
1	This place was horrible! There are so many buffets in Vegas but not for this price. Payed less than $30 for 3 adults! But the food wasnt worth it, I felt sick right after. I love sushi, yeah it was gross. The rest of the food, just as bad. But the service was not good at all. My first plate was at the table until I left. There was 5 old dishes on our table. But the BEST part? We were seated in the back by the restroom and they would stand there just talking and sitting down doing NOTHING! food was bad and service was bad. Just spend a little more money and go somewhere else!
4	I was a little sketchy to try out this place because it has mostly good reviews, but the reviews recently just haven't been so great. Well, my mother and I are huge fans of cheap buffets with great food and especially seafood! This place was about 25-30 minutes away from home, but we don't mind the drive if we get to try something new.When we came in (around 630pm) it was pretty busy, but we were seated as soon as we came in, which was awesome that we didn't have to wait. There's people that complain about how old the place looks and the seating but I didn't mind it at all. That's actually not something I really care for anyway when I go to eat somewhere.They had a WIDE variety of food. Sooooooo much. I don't think I can eat for another two days! Their crab was delicious especially with the hot butter. They are SMALLER crablegs than what you'll get paying $20 bucks at a casino buffet but it's all you can eat so what does it matter? It was hot, delicious and sooo worth the $12.49.They had so many different foods to choose from and it was of good quality. I'm not a massively picky eater but I can be and I really enjoyed eating here. *I did try crawfish for my first time here at Krazy Buffet and I just didn't like it at all. It was the only thing that I had that I didn't like. I am pretty sure it is just the crawfish itself and not the buffet.*
4	We give this place 4 stars for their VERY affordable price, decent food quality its *chinese food and good *servers despite of cheap customers. One star less because their host/cashier staff aren't great and sushi are nasty.Hubby and I come here about once a month when we have a great crave for crab legs and feeling cheap to go elsewhere. Plus the only meat I eat are seafood and very picky with it so we like that this place always has something for me (crabs and some shrimp) instead of going else where paying a fortune and I don't touch much of the other entrees. But really this place is CHEAP! The service is good. There are a couple of gals that we really like having as servers, one of them is Jenny. They refill drinks and check back on your mess and empty plate constantly, the guys not so much you have to flag them just to get a refill. Also don't hesitate to ask for extra crackers since they only give one per table but they are whiling to give you more if you just ask. We took my dad here this past Sunday for dinner. He was amazed how cheap the price was and pointed that they were A LOT cleaner that the other asian buffet in town (Asian Buffet - which we really dislike) that his friend took him too not long ago.We were talking about how cheap the cost of the dine was and how worth it it was but did notice how other table around us didn't seemed like they tipped much at all and some at all. We weren't trying to look and talk about how much other people tipped and what not we just individually noticed how cheap their customers can be. Food was CHEAP, quality was...chinese food and service was decent and we felt really bad. We follow our standard of doubling tax for a basic eh, so so service and triple for a good service. But not tipping is just plain RUDE. Don't eat out if you *won't tip. Its Vegas people! Yes, it is their jobs but these employee gets paid minimum if not just a bit higher than minimum due to the fact that they depend on tips who also have families depending on them.We get it the service was bad and not tipping can probably justify that but like said servers are good its a buffet do you really expect your servers to chat with you?We feel bad for their servers I hope their hourly are higher than we believe they get.
1	25 mins from the strip, not worth the drive. The food isn't that great and it looked like its been sitting out for awhile. The food is bland and the waiter isn't the friendliest.
4	I have trying some buffet so. But that's the best one. Till last month a friend of of my had show me this place.here.the tastes so good.and the price is cheap. I really want like it.
1	Gross! Food was horrible and this place was dirty! To top it off I had a 10% off coupon for my entire bill & they didn't even do that right! I was very disappointed and even thought the lunch buffet was $8.99 it wasn't worth it for what we ate! Gross & will never be back!
4	The food for lunch was hot and plentiful.   The staff was prompt and got you drinks quick.  We brought our three girls only the 4 year old was charged.   The bill was reasonable.
4	I have very pleasant memories of past lunches at Krazy Buffet, but I hadn't been here for awhile. I was glad to see not much had changed. Still lots of choices--potstickers, chow mein, fried rice, sushi, all the requisite Asian items, plus pizza and french fries. Desserts aren't too exciting, but I like the fried donuts. And there's always the fresh fruit. The service is good--your used first plate is magically gone before you get back with the second! For me, the variety is the draw so I give it four or four and a half stars.
4	I ate here yesterday.   I haven't ate here in a long time and even though it's been that long. The food refreshed my taste buds.  So I haven't forgotten how good it is.  My friend also wanted to try because he heard rumors about this place.  I must say I was a little disappointed because they used to have anime scrolls on the walls and different anime series.  So I miss seeing them on the wall.  I wonder why they took them off the wall?!?!?  Hmm.....  Anyways, past is the past and it's time to move on.  Their sushi is the bomb.   They have more variety of sushi then any other asian buffets I went too.  Customer service is excellent.   They always make sure your drinks are always filled.  Your never going to be left thirsty. I'm definitely going to come back here again.
4	I've eaten here quite a few times, including today. Mostly for lunch. To me, this place is one of those places where you can expect good food for a cheap price. This place definitely delivers that much.For $8.29, the food is pretty good. You have your Chinese-American regulars, such as orange chicken, wonton soup, dumplings, fried rice, chow mein, etc. But you also have steamed fish, pork ribs, clams, vegetable tempura, Americanized sushi, and... *trumpet sounds* a soft serve ice cream machine.They have a pretty good assortment of food choices. I personally prefer to get a cheap Chinese chicken wing craving fulfilled here during lunch. Plus, their apple strudel dessert is one of my personal favorites. For those with kids, don't fret, because they have french fries and pizza for them little picky eaters.A positive thing to note is that they have salt & pepper shrimp WITH the head and legs on. You can eat the whole thing. And I just love that salt & pepper taste.The restaurant interior is nice, but it reminds me of when I used to live in less-than-ideal areas. The seats are kind of sticky and graffiti in the restroom is noticeable. However, I don't really mind since I know I'm getting a decent meal at a very affordable price.Overall, this place is one of my go-to spot for a cheap lunch. All of the food here is pretty good and you won't break the bank eating here.PS. You can print out a coupon from their website, ranging from 10-15% off, depending when you use it.
4	I like this place a lot. It's not bad but I like to go on Sundays because of their oysters. Surprisingly, they are fresh and juicy just like any oyster bar out there or even better but this one is steal deal. Not fancy, just casual. They do have limited food but I'm okay with it. They also have fresh sashimi at their sushi stations. Again, limited rolls but I truly understand. Just a big boo hoo on their dessert. My only favorite was their cream puffs, which was seriously filled up with cream.
3	It's decent. My go-to place whenever I feel like pigging out. I've been here so many times I can tell you what they are serving for lunch and dinner.It's the same thing every day. My only complain is sometimes the place gets too busy and it gets dirty. One place, our table smelled like fish and I completely lost my appetite. Also, the servers get so occupied, they can't really refill my water and give me enough tissue LOL gets me frustrated and wonder why they can't just give it us as soon as we are seated. No one really survives a buffet with one anyways.
4	This is honestly not a bad deal at all for an $12.99 AYCE.  For that price, you get crab legs, crawfish, shrimp, clams, mussels, and probably 40 other dishes that are all decent to quite good.  Plus, you can use the coupon for $5 off the bill!  Only exception was the sushi section where I thought the nigiri were not quite up-to-par.  Service was typically stiff but very timely.Here's what I liked:- Crab legs were great, and unlike most places not salty at all.  Only if I saw that giant pot of melted butter earlier...- Seasoned crabs also, which I did not have but mum said was good- Raw oysters!!!!- Crawfish was yummy, they put some type of seasoning on it that was great.  As with any steamed crawfish, it's a pain-in-the-ass to eat though.- Mussels in the mayo-based sauce was great, mussels were plump- Clam in some type of garlic(?) sauce was also great- 4 types of soups - miso, wonton, hot & sour, and egg drop were good- Several flavors of ice cream- Fried bananas were awesome!- Mandarin orange - the canned kind, but I love those- The apple strudel-looking thing looked really good, but did not have room in my tummy Didn't like so much:- As mentioned above, stay away from the sushi- Desserts were not great.  I had the cream puffs and they were awful.- Fried rice tasted like the ones at fast food places, not Chinese restaurants- Overall Chinese dishes didn't look impressive With at least twice as many good as the bad, and with the goods being so much bigger in stature, this place gets big ups.  4-star food, not quite, but 4-star deal, it is.Table-for-1 Factor:  It's a buffet, not a good idea.
5	Krazy buffet is crazy good! I am not a huge fan of buffet settings, because to me, the items are usually added on to the old items sitting there for god knows how long!The Krazy buffet on the other hand was delicious. They had a nice unique variety of flavorful dishes to choose from for $10 per person.  Probably the best $10 i have ever spent at a restaurant.  Their items were fresh and and the customer service was great! (5 stars) I discovered this place across the street from my place of work and tried it out with a few co-workers.  They had a pretty decent self serve sushi bar.  Seafood was fresh and that is all that really matters to me when it comes to sushi.  Let's just say i liked this place so much that i wanted to make sure they were consistent with their food service.  They are consistent every time!Great place to go on an empty stomach and certainly the place to go to on a dine-in budget.
5	The food is fresh, the buffet is clean, the service is excellent.., the workers is all friendly. The price is affordable .. Can't beat that , very good buffet!
5	Krazy buffet, the food is krazy good and fresh. Love this place... The price is affordable...I love the crab legs, clams and mussels .I definitely recommend this buffet if you guys wants to eat  fresh food
2	I have been there for both lunch (at only $8.75), and dinner (at only $12.75). I actually liked some of the sushi selections, but hate that they put ham in their fried rice (kinda gross), they do have other food selections that are pretty decent though. For dinner, which starts at 4pm, they add crab legs & oysters... Just be sure to bring your patience with you because some of the servers dont understand english, are kinda rude, and it gets so packed with people who bring their little kids, and let them run around unattended while yelling and screaming, as if the buffet was a personal playground. Other than that, yeah, the place is okay.
4	It was surprisingly good.  I would go back if we lived around here. Lunch was a great deal at $8.79. Dinner items came out while we were here and wow. Crab. Awesome deal at 12.99 for dinner. Staff was nice
4	Two weeks ago a close friend took me here for the first time, and I was pleasantly surprised. Lots of variety of food and pretty good quality. I did not give it 5 stars as the interior probably should be upgraded and fixed in some area, but I highly recommend this location.
5	Good food, fresh crab legs. Great price. Good service.Their sushi are normally dry, I don't normally try them.
1	Krazy Buffet is krazy awful. If I could give this place zero stars, I totally would. The food is meh. Not a great selection at all, though the seafood delight was decent. The sushi tasted fishy and was completely inedible as far as I'm concerned. But the real downer for this place is the service. It's abominable. They refused to honor the child's price for my 11-year-old, though the signage clearly states that kids 12 and under ate a lower price. The entire staff wasn't just careless or disengaged, they were downright hostile. I can't understand why anyone would come back here if they are always like this. There are probably a thousand other comparable buffets in Las Vegas. Take my advice and go literally anywhere else.
5	$12.99 for all you can eat salty shrimp,crab leg,fresh oysters, most delicious Chinese foods,hot and sour soup.there are no wait in line,come in and sit down and just eat,been here over 5 + years!no complaints!
4	Very inexpensive seafood. Great quality and quantity.  Kids under 3 are free.  The food is very fresh. If you come after 6:30 pm expect to wait.  It is worth the wait. Cheapest buffet in Vegas.
