1	only one review on a vegas "oldie" ?! i was kinda surprised but then again, after eating there, i'm kinda surprised the place is still open. Place reminded me of the "supper clubs" my parents enjoyed back in the 70's and 80's. two days in a row eating seafood using restaurant.com coupons - the old school ( tillerman ) vs. semi-new school ( Mccormick's ) - no contest ! so we went with the same apps - clams and the calamari, main entrees of scallops and crab stuffed shrimp. the meal comes with the tillerman - "lazy susan salad " geez - the clams - a lil too fishy smelling, very small and they love the cream sherry ! the calamari - my guess, in the freezer for a month or so, saturated in a "thai" sugar-y sauce . the salad - ice cold romaine spears and quartered head of iceburg with an emphasis on ICE - way to much brown on all that lettuce . the scallops - not the freshest, slightly overcooked. the shrimp - overcooked with a dollop of heavily breaded crab cake. total cost ( less coupon ) - $110 !! holy cow, strike this place off the list !
2	ya know...i've been comin to the tillerman since i was born.  no...seriously.  the first place my parents got a compliment on their child's good behavior in a nice restaurant was at the tillerman.  i used to crave the oysters at about age 5. i hadn't returned since about age 17 until this past weekend.  my bf's family asked for a recomendation and i let them know that if this place was anything like it used to be we'd all leave happy...with full tummies...and kind of a lot lighter in the pockets.  but hey...for good food we were down with that idea. the food?  not that good.  the table side salad bar's still there..and yummy.  the steak was ALRIGHT but nothing special..definitely not worth the ruth's chris price.  the wine was yummy and the service was outstanding.  will i return?  no time in the near future..the decor is dated...and obviously so are the chefs.  : (
5	We've been coming here for the last three years for my BF's company dinner and the service and food here has been incredible. The group is about 35 people and the service that we get is UNBELIEVABLE. Each table has their own staff member to get them WHATEVER they need. Menu consists of Filet Mignon and lobster, the incredible lazy susan salad, baked pots, veggies, various appetizers and a fantastic dessert. Drinks here are very good as well - they don't skimp on the alcohol! The food is ALWAYS INCREDIBLE! There is not one person who leaves that didn't have a great time and enjoyed their dinner!
3	The Tillerman has been on the Husband's radar for a long time.  So imagine when I told him about the special they were advertising in the newspaper.Daily dinner specials 2-1 from 5:00 pm to 6:30 pm, two entrees for under $30!We called first to further clarify their ad and the woman who answered said there were about 11 items on the daily specials menu that counts towards the two for one special, so we made reservations.  She also mentioned something about their wine too.It was pretty slow the past Memorial Day weekend.  Only one or two other parties dining when we arrived at 6 pm.  We chose a table right in the middle and menus were brought to us.  The first being the 2 for 1 menu with 11 items as mentioned, and their regular menu.  We also learned that all bottles of wine were 50% during this special.A quick look at the specials menu and we were a bit surprised - Maine Lobster Tail with NY Strip ($65); Bone-in Ribeye ($68), Pan Seared Cod with a Caper Cream Sauce ($42); etc.  My initial impression of two entrees for under $30 was that it was misleading.  Sure, they did have one item for $30, but everything else cost upwards to that.We both settled on the Center Cut Top Sirloin ($30), and all entrees come with the Famous Tillerman Salad, Seasoned Veggies, and Mashed Potatoes.Warm bread and whipped butter were the first to arrive.  The waiter was very pleasant and friendly.Our salad arrived on a lazy susan with four romaine lettuce heads, iceberg lettuce mix, sliced cucumbers, grated cheese, peppers, marinated mushrooms, garbanzo and lima beans, tomatoes, and two dressings - a balsamic vinegar and a blue cheese.  A generous make-your-own salad is a nice idea, although the mushrooms were a bit dried out.  Both dressings were pretty good though.  After getting our fill of salad, the lazy susan was removed along with our salad plates.  Next came our steaks with the sides as mentioned.  We both ordered it rare, and it came out as ordered.  We were asked if we wanted our mushroom sauce on the side or on top, we both chose on the side.  The mixed veggies included yellow squash, bok choy, and red bell peppers.  It was actually pretty good and a had a nice sweet sauce on it.  The mashed potatoes were pretty enjoyable too, creamy and buttery.  The steak was only okay.  For a place that prides themselves as being a steakhouse, I expect mouth-watering, orgasmic-worthy beef.  I hate when my knife doesn't slide smoothly through a piece of beef, as in this case.  The Husband said maybe it was just the cut of beef, but I wasn't too impressed.  The mushroom sauce wasn't exactly my favorite either, so I was glad that it was on the side.  They could probably work on using smaller plates or assembling the food a bit better so it looks more appetizing too.We were too full for dessert, although they offered items like Vanilla Bread Pudding, Tillerman Cheesecake, and Pick Me Up "Espresso Soaked Ladyfingers with a Marscapone Mousse".Service was great - our waiter and busboy refilled our beverages without us asking, they were always professional and did their job well.  The hostess also came by to check on how everything was, and it was fine for the most part.  (It's hard for me to complain about a piece of beef because we both personally don't like it.)Overall, the food had some hits and misses.  The sides tasted better than the steak, and the salad was a great idea but losing it luster.  Service is top-notch, but food still has to reign supreme to do well.  Prices are a bit high with Surf and Turf specials ranging in the $46 to $85 range.  Sure, we got a great deal with their 2 for 1 special, but we don't think it was worth $30 a piece.
3	I was torn between a 3 and 4. This place is cool. There is a tree growing in the middle of the dining room. The food is good not to inspired but good. The service is very good. Actually the more I think about it the more I want to go back.
1	I have lived in Las  Vegas for 6 years, and for the last 5 I have driven by this restaurant and wanted to go... so finally my husband thought we would go as a surprise! Boy was I surprised.Our reservation was at 530, and yes there was only one other table in the restaurant but not a big deal. As soon as I opened the menu I realized this was not going to be good. I would have paid for the bottle of water we had ordered and left, but I felt as though we should stay... considering they had been in business for so long the food had to be good. The shrimp cocktail was so brown that it looked like it was weeks old.. calamari was okay,The "salad bar" came out on a Lazy Susan which was unique except for the fact of the nasty long piece of hair in the dressing, when the server tried to just take the dressing I insisted he took the whole thing! The cucumbers that came with the salad looked like they were cut over a week ago and laid out in the Vegas heat .The filet that I ordered appeared to be well done but my husband tried to assure me it was the god awful natural lighting in the restuarant.My husbands steak had so much "marbling" on it that he ate only two bites that were actually meat... the mashed potatoes were so dry and hard as if they were sitting in under the heat lamp for an hour.The asparagus was bitter so they tried to cover it in butter... probably should put that as the description on the menu. Oh and we can't forget the service wasnt as bad as the food or atmosphere but I get better service at Pei Wei by my house! To top everything off the server poured water in my husbands glass of wine, and then they chased us out the door to come back for the dessert that they forgot to send out for our anniversary! Will never go back and would never recommend this place to anyone...funny thing is since we went 2 nights ago I have told at least 10 people all of which had said the same thing "i always wanted to go there" before they heard my story!!!
1	In a single word... HORRIBLE!!My wife's been asking me to take her here for over a year now and what a mistake it was!! My wife and me both work in casinos in town in the food and beverage industry, we have a lot experience in restaurants. We've been to most of the 'big' name places in town and a ton of the local favorites. Where to start??Wine list, specialty drinks even wines by the glass...SUCK, SUCK and SUCKS EVEN MORE!!Shrimp Cocktail, brown and old looking, definately NOT freshly cooked today!Spicy Tai Calimari, soggy, definately frozen, breading falling off of it.Famous Tillerman Salad, a merry-go round of garbage!! First one had a hair across it!! Cucumbers cut days ago, romain was frozen and brown, all around GROSS!!Wife's filet, overcooked!My ribeye, almost inedible except for the eye, extremely fatty and grizzly, much more than a normal ribeye.Asparagus side, almost still raw and very bitter, bernaise almost tasteless. Service, extremely sub par, topping off my glass of wine with our bottled water. Letting us pay the bill, get up from the table and get halfway to the door before you realize it's our anniversary, NOT SO GOOD!! $200 for dinner and we almost stopped at In and Out for a good burger onthe way home.We would never recommend this place to anyone except Gordon Ramsey for one of his Kitchen Nightmare's shows. I don't know how anyone in this place is making a living working here. I'm extremely suprised it's still open and I'd be suprised if it lasts another year or two. Good luck to  anyone who steps foot in this building.One Star because I have to give it something, I'd give it negative one if I could.
5	We went here for a wedding reception. The food and drinks were excellent. I had the stuffed salmon with mashed potatoes and my man got the steak. Both were delicious!!!!! The restaurant was dark and quiet very nice for a romantic dinner away from the strip. I met the owner in the restroom, she was very nice and friendly :)
4	I have dined here twice and the Scallops are sooo tasty. The bread is very good. The whole place is a nice classy landmark restaurant that makes very good steak, lobster and fish. Good old American style.This place is romantic place to take a date. It is pricey, but I think they  have a special going on right now and it is worth taking advantage of. Look for coupons, this place often has a lot of specials :)Oh, dinner comes with a salad. The waiter dishes fresh greens and offers an assortment of sides and dressing.It is very quaint place, and reminds me of restaurants in Rhode Island that have lobster, fish and the same kind of feel. It is definitely nicer than Red Lobster and far better quality, if if you are a Red Lobster fan I would say try this place for sure!
4	Looking for an old school restaurant away from the strip. I had thought of something a bit lighter. The bartender at Zodies bar told me to try Tillermans. It looked like my kind of place from the outside and then when I headed inside, I loved the decor. Old world. The fellow who greeted me assured me that I could find something 'light' on the menu and told me I could eat in the bar if I wanted. There was Rhonda bartending and from what I could figure, two co-workers who were a couple. Meet the Parents was on the tube in the bar. The place was pretty dead for a Friday night. All very friendly people who welcommed me into their 'group'. I had a diet coke and looked over the menu. I decided on the salad bar which is actually a huge lazy susan that is delivered to you with spring mix, romaine, hearts of palm, arugula and so on. The sides on the portable salad bar were delicious; great sour dough bread and butter. Then I ordered the coconut shrimp and was set. It was a warm friendly environment and more food that I could handle for $29.  I will go back and share some bs with the staff-they were the main reason why I loved it. Turns out that the bartender is from my state; Minnesota. She grew up in Anoka which is the Halloween capital of the world!  Next time I will try a full meal.  I adore restaurants like this. You can go to a chain restaurant or a buffet any day -this is service and uniqueness.
4	I've been there a number of times, great steaks and a great veggie platter on a lazy susan w/every meal.Sadly, it appears that the Tillerman is no more.  There is a for lease sign up in front of this wonderful old school steakhouse.RIP Tillerman, RIP.
5	I know this place is closed, and it seems from the reviews it had a slow and ugly demise.  That's a shame.  Let me just say that when I used to eat there in the late 1980s that place was awesome.  Steaks were buttery soft with great beefy flavor.  Super wine list, great sides, very professional service, and a clientele that kept to themselves while hushed deals were made.  I am sorry it's gone, and even sorrier it had a tough time on the way down.
