5	This is the best restaurant I have ever ate at... That's big coming from someone who lives in San Francisco AKA the city of food! I had to stop after ever bite just to remember the flavor of all the different froix gras. The steak tartar was perfectly spiced and the oysters were amazing. I was only visiting Montreal for a few days for my birthday and my friends thought KG was right up my alley and boy were they right. I will have to fly to Montreal once a year now just to eat at KG because It's just that irresistible.
5	Wow.  All that I can think of is wow - what a dining experience like no other that I have ever had! We went to the Kitchen Galerie with a group of 10 for a business dinner.  To understand what it is to eat here, you have to understand the concept which is unique in my experience.  The venue is a small nondescript  store front about 6 blocks south of the Jean-Talon Metro station and holds approximately 40 people (so make a reservation!). The chefs, who are also your waiters and someliers in this open kitchen environment and who my wife referred to as "the band of brothers" head out every morning to the Jean-Talon farmers market to see what is available fresh that day.  From what is available, the evening's menu - which differs daily based on what is fresh - is planned. There are a few menu staples that last from night to night like the spectacular foie gras with half a dozen or more different preps - each of which are taste bud elation! One of the foie gras preps involved cooking it in a dishwasher! No joke! Between the 10 of us, we sampled virtually every menu item for the night. Not a single member of our party was disappointed. Everything was exceptionally prepared from the pan fried scallops, the filet of dore to the 1.5kg filet of beef for two (sit across from your sharing partner - the plate is huge!). You must save a bit of room for dessert which shouldn't be difficult as I am convinced that there is a separate stomach for desserts when they are as good as those at the Kitchen Galerie! The wine list is second to none and the service was spectacular, being friendly and informative. Our chef/waiter/somelier Matt made everyone feel like a very honored guest.  After reading this you might think that you would have to break the bank to eat here but that is not the case. Every item was very fairly priced including the wine. Whether you live in Montreal or are just visiting the Kitchen Galerie should be on your list of the finer places to dine!
5	Best meal I've ever had in my life. Granted, I haven't eaten at any of those fancy Michelin-starred restaurants, so those might be better, but I can't possible imagine how. Kitchen Galerie is out-of-this world fantastic, and was the dining highlight of our honeymoon trip to Montreal.So here's the deal. The restaurant is located a stone's throw away from Montreal's largest market. The menu changes every day based on what the chefs buy that morning. Oh, and the two chefs (and one sous-chef, at least the night we were there) are the only guys that work there. They're the maitre d's, waiters, sommeliers, bussers, and dishwashers. There's an open kitchen so you can actually see how they manage to do all of this themselves -- it's quite the sight!Neither of us had used our French in almost a decade, so we struggled a bit with the menu. One of the chefs actually sat next to the table for a good ten minutes, explaining every detail about every dish on the menu... the origin of each ingredient, how it was prepared, etc. (He also bought us a couple of nice glasses of moscato with dessert when it found out it was our honeymoon!)Getting into the details of of dinner won't help you much, since the menu changes so frequently. They do always have the foie gras atop a tarte tatin (goose liver on a caramel-apple tart, for the Anglophiles),  which my wife just swooned over... even I liked it, and I don't like foie gras. Our main courses, a pork chop and a seafood pot-au-feu, were simply fantastic. Our desserts, a hazelnut chocolate tarte and a creme brulee, where the perfect finale to a great meal.I don't remember exactly how much dinner for the two of us cost. It was expensive, but not shockingly so, and I think a great value for the money. It's definitely a "splurge" kind of place, but well worth it.The restaurant is a short walk from either the Jean Talon Metro station (blue and orange lines) or De Castelnau station (blue line); otherwise, it's street parking.Any time I hear someone mention even thinking about taking a trip to Montreal, I tell them about Kitchen Galerie. While I don't usually like to repeat my vacation destinations, I might just have to head back across the border to dine here again.
5	Absolument fantastique!
5	I don't know where to start with this one- it was absolutely amazing.I visited the location in the Old Port and I had this idea in my head that this was going to be another pretentious, overpriced place with snobby service and mediocre food. It was completely the opposite.The meal isn't cheap. Main courses run from $25-$35 and it's one of those places where it's impossible not to have an appetizer. Go for the oysters, you will thank me later. NIce selection of wines with most bottles in the $50 range.You have the choice of ordering from the board (list of fresh fish) or from the menu. Don't underestimate the standard menu! I had scallops, shrimp and blood sausage on mashed potatoes with crispy onions and i would order the same way next time too!The guys that work there know their stuff and are so happy to sit down and chat about the menu.Do yourself a favour and go here. It's worth every penny. Your palette deserves this hug.
5	This a must-reserve restaurant. It's small but the experience is well worth the tight space. There's no waiters. Well to be precise, the chefs are also your waiters.The chefs here are pros. They get all their produce from Jean-Talon Market and the menu changes constantly. It's all about what's in season. You probably will never get the same meal twice. Though they have theThe meal was truly an experience and well worth the infinite attempts to get in. Though, I've head some people get lucky and are able to get a same day reservation for two people.The most memorable dish was the stingray dish. My first time. I was surprised at the texture but was happy I ordered it.
1	This can be short because the offense is egregious and obvious.  The device I'll use is a timeline.Tuesday:  we research great places to eat for a special occasion dinnerWednesday:  we make the reservation at Kitchen GalerieFriday:  we fly from San Francisco to MontrealSunday:  we show up for our reservation, excited to eat a great meal, and arrive to a closed restaurant.  No lights.  No people.  just a sign.  Closed for a couple of days,That's right.  They took a reservation from out of towners and chose to shut down the restaurant less than 96 hours later, and not call us to let us know.To make matters worse, it's not like this restaurant is in a hopping neighborhood.  We wasted maybe 90 minutes on the round trip and had to scramble to find a place to eat with zero notice.  I hope the people who made this possible may someday travel to San Francisco and find themselves in a strange, dead neighborhood in front of a closed restaurant with their wife and wonder how to recover the evening in a different language on a moment's notice.
