1	Highly Unrecommended BusinessOut of all sports nutrition stores, Nutrishop LV should rank last on your list.  I have never come across a business that does the following: 1) sells products and bad mouths those products after you purchase them saying;2) put down ALL products I was willing to put down good money for (Optimum Nutrition, Muscle Milk, BSN, USP labs); 3) dishonor flyers claiming to have the "best prices in Las Vegas" and "beat Internet prices" (the flyer with no expiration date stated specific prices for products but not honored in store);4) give false information like "you shouldn't take Creatine because it accumulates mucus in your kidneys" then have a Store Manager back up such claims saying, "that associate knows a lot and I back him up 100%";5) a Store Manager saying, "I wouldn't even buy that stuff" after purchasing the product; 6) a store manager assuming that the product I have been taking does not work on me by saying, "well since it hasn't been working on you, you should try this [pointing to a generic protein vs ON Pro Complex]"I am sorry, but this business is exactly how a business shouldn't run. Products should not be put down, especially if it up on your shelves, especially when just purchased. Do NOT put down your customers by assuming a product is not working by merely looking at the customer (I have gained 30 lbs of mass since taking ON, a product that the Store Manager was bad mouthing). Do NOT pretend that you know much about nutrition and implement your knowledge on your customers (I work in Nephrology and from what I know, there are no mucus membranes in the kidneys). Do NOT put out flyers claiming "the best prices in Las Vegas" when the nutrition store across the street sells products 10% cheaper. Do NOT belittle your customers by putting down their favorite products and suggesting generic products.  I will not return to this business even with managerial action plans or interventions. I am disappointed with this company. Rated 0.5/5 stars for bad business but a clean store.
5	I went to Nutrishop looking for the correct protein powders to meet my needs as well as a few other supplements.  The store manager was so knowledgeable about the products and was able to help me find exactly what I needed to meet my goals.  I feel like I got more of a consultation coming here instead of being left to fend for myself.  I will definitely be coming back.
4	Compared to Vitamin World, GNC, and Vitamin Shoppe, franchise type nutrition stores like Nutrishop always have the best prices. This store is clean, spacious, and have some of the nicest folks working here. From the moment I walked in to checkout, I received great service (ie no pushy salesperson). I got what I needed and I was out.What you'll find at a store like this is great prices, a wide selection, big name supps, and a knowledgeable staff.  I'm going to point out that this isn't my first or even second choice when it comes to supps. Online is always cheaper, but then you got to deal with shipping cost.  Spartan Nutrition in NLV even has better prices, but this place has price match.  Bottom line...as long as you know what you're looking for and know your prices, a place like Nutrishop is the way to go. TIP: Located really close to my gym where they sell RTD proteins at $5. Here, they're about $2 better. Now that's a deal.
1	I can't give it less stars. This place has nothing you need of quality. Protein choices are limited and tried to get me on a brand I've never seen or heard of in my life, making me think its an exclusive brand and more then likely crap. I got a free sample which sounds nice, but I didn't even ask for that style of protein. As far as other supplements go, they only carry popular stuff, not quality. Preworkout selection is minimal at best. Prices are also high. For everything but protein Vegas discount across the street is a lot cheaper with a much bigger variety. Either way in order to get legit protein in this city in gonna go Internet.
5	Don't know what all the negativity is about... This place is awesome... Professional and polite. I just moved to LV from CA. Was used to buying from Nutrishop HB... I would even mail order from them. I live in Summerlin and was hesitant about making the drive esp with the bad reviews. I'm glad I did... Think I found my new store
3	I went in there looking for Isopure protein, they did have it, but not in the favor I wanted. I ordered it and they told me it would be at the store the following week. I went in after waiting a whole week, the manager was there trying to push a different protein on me saying that I had to wait another week because they did not order it. They said they would call me once it arrived. No one called me after a week and a half, so I called and they said "ohh yea, it's here." So needless to say: if they don't have it in stock your better off just ordering it online yourself. Dude that works there is super nice, good customer service but not to sure if I will go back.
5	After you've tried the rest come to the best...NutriShops have the best supplements you can buy. Well informed knowledgeable staff is always there to answer question you may have.  I've got plenty of other nutrition centers near me but I make the 30 min trip cause I only want the best and they have products you can't get anywhere else, believe me I've looked.
1	Rip-off alert! I went in to buy a case of Lenny & Larry's Complete Cookies. I didn't see any prices listed for any of the protein bars in this store. I normally pay $1.89 - $2 per cookie at other vitamin shops and nutrition stores (and that's regular price, not sale). When I asked about the price, I was told they are $3 each. Yes $3 each!!! Wow what a rip-off. I told the cashier that I can get them for $1.89 at Vitamin Shoppe, thinking he would price match, but he made no offer. I went across the street and found the same cookies (all six varieties) regular price for $2 each. I bought a case of 12 and that brought the price down to $1.70 each. I just saved over $15 by going across the street. I believe this place overcharges people and purposefully doesn't display prices. May be the policy is to judge people and charge you what they think you are willing to pay. Not such a great business model.
