5	I  love this place. This is like a mini version of a Fresh and Easy Market Filipino style. It's a lifesaver if you realize you're out of something like a can of coconut milk or some dried fish or sweet rice flour which is one item I bought today.  Before you drive a half hour or so to Seafood City, come here instead. There is a little of everything you need to make your favorite Filipino dish.  My mom lives 2 miles away, and always sends me or my brother here to get this and that. For North Vegas residents, it's a stress free and rather fun drive.This is a family run business, and the service is great.  Unless they're super busy I always ask where the item is that I need.  They'll walk you right over to it, and you can then spend all the time you need to decide which brand to buy.  Of course, I end up asking "Which of these two are more popular"  And they give their honest opinion.I like that in season, they have some fresh produce. They have some freshly roasted peanuts which were $1.90 a pound.  We actually boil them for a nice snack. Almost always they have cooking bananas, sometimes they have papayas, fresh coconut, oranges, melons, etc. My mom often sends us here to get various noodles for pancit, along with lumpia, perhaps the most popular Filipino dishes. The dish that most of our friends love the most is dinuguan, roughly translated, "made from  pork blood".  When you add coconut milk lean pork, vinegar, salt, and sometimes innards like intestines, spices like bay leaf and black pepper, garlic, onion, etc...the flavor is quite unique, mild slightly sweet. My doc says this is a great dish if you have iron poor blood. At the front counter are desserts made by Valerio's bakery. I find myself always buying something sweet.  This trip for $10 I bought a taro and sweet rice tootsie roll shaped dessert coated with coconut called Puto Bong Bong.  They also had a multi layer, multi colored sweet rice cake called Sapin Sapin. There were lots more, but everything in moderation  We've been customers since 2007 and will continue to be as long as they're around.
5	Went here today. Small store but carries a lot of stuff. Now I don't need to drive all the way to the city for things.  Thank you for your business being close to us.
