5	I LOVE THIS STORE.  It is by far, my favorite craft store by far. Here's why.First off, its huge.  I love Joanns ETC/superstores.  Their large, clean, well lit, and the staff here is always friendly and helpful.  The store is well set up.  Fabric is usually in the front, with loads of selections.  Sewing, candles, scrapbooking, stamping, you name it, they have it.I shop here regularly.  Weather its for Scrapbooking, home decor, fabric, whatever, I feel like I could just shop shop shop!   I like how clean it is as well.  Floors are nice, shelves seem organized and clean, along with everything else in the store.They have so much product here to choose from, and I think they always seem to have great sales going.  I enjoy it here immesly.  Ive also interacted with the staff here on multiple occasions. Friendly, personable, and definately help me find my stuff or make reccomendations when needed.
5	After going to this Joann's location, I don't think I'll ever go to Michael's again! As Amy B said, this is one of the Joann's superstores, which means that it's massive. Not only does it have an enormous selection of fabric, which Michael's does not, it has aisles upon aisles of well-organized items (including but not limited to ribbons, trims, stickers, scrapbook papers, vase fillers, frames, stamps, stencils) for your craft and home decor projects. Also, if you are the crafty type or looking to save money, you can find tons of wedding accessories and project ideas here. This is the kind of place that you could go into without any project ideas, wander around to get inspiration, and leave with an idea *and* the supplies you'll need to execute the vision. As Amy B mentioned, the staff was very friendly and helpful, and checking out was a breeze. I will definitely be back!
1	This store is huge and has lots and lots of products.  I was happy to shop searching out their sale items, until I was checking out.  They falsely advertise their sale items.  Today I went to purchase their "Camp Kids" products that were on sale at 50% off.  As I was checking out, they claimed that the paintable bobble heads were not included.  Then they claimed the other "Camp kids" products were not included as well.  All of the products that I had chosen was on the sale rack with the sale sign over it.  I specifically made sure I read the "sale sign" correctly and yet they refused to honor it.  I will never go back.  I don't trust what they advertise.  If you choose to shop their.... better check your receipt.
1	I went to this store to return some scrapbooking supplies. I wasn't sure if only one cashier accepted returns, so I had to interrupt the cashier at customer service. I felt terrible for doing it, as I know it is terribly rude, but I just wanted to make sure I wasn't falling into a line I didn't need to. After saying excuse me, the cashier did not answer nor acknowledge my presence, so I said, "excuse me" a little louder and I get a cold "hold on Ma'am." I'm terribly sorry you are busy and I interrupted you, but a simple acknowledgement in your facial expression would have sufficed. The part that really irked me was while she was scanning my many items, she made a comment, "you did KEEP some things, right?!" Excuse me? I just went to Michael's and returned $40 worth of scrapbooking supplies in which I had originally spent $50 and I did not hear a single peep from their cashier. I still ended up spending $70 at Jo Ann's with my return. I completely understand and I absolutely hate to do it, but you have a return policy that could easily state that scrapbook supplies are excluded. They are tiny items and I'm sure are a pain to re-stock, but your corporation does not say that I cannot return my unused scrapbooking supplies. On top of that, you are located within a 1 mile radius of TWO other art supply stores, I'm sure it happens. I have dealt with difficult customers all of my life and never once let my emotions or aggravation show, especially a sassy remark like that. So, to my cashier, Barbara Ann, your attitude just cost you a customer. I will not be giving Jo Ann Fabrics any of my business.
1	whenever we've gone there, there's rarely anyone to help you. The lady at the cutting table always seems overwhelmed, too.  The checkout line is long and atrocious. Last night we went in so I could look for a pattern to make my son a Christmas jacket out of velvet. None of their books had patterns for special occasions for boys, and of course there was no one to be found except a lady vacuuming who didn't look like she wanted to talk to anyone (or maybe she didn't speak English and that's why she didn't make eye contact).
5	This Joann's has everything you could ever need. I love shopping here. Always an amazing selection and so much to see. On the rare occasion they don't have just what I'm looking for, I'll hit up Michael's. This is your one stop crafting shop.
1	I hate being so mean about a Jo-Ann's but I am DONE with the registers. I make decisions to NOT come here because the lines are so ridiculous. Why do they have 9 registers and 1 person ringing ALL THE TIME!!! Infuriating.  Plus, I feel like I ALWAYS have to interrupt the cashier because the only people working at Jo-Ann's are 1 cashier and 2 people cutting fabric. I have never in my 10+ times in this store seen an associate who is not in one of those three positions.  It is SO maddening!!!Bring on AT LEAST one more associate because at least I can find help at Michaels, and if I can't find it there, I'd rather buy my item on Amazon to avoid the BULLSH*T at Jo-Ann's.P.S. I even have a vested interest in this store as I took a sewing and a cake decorating class here and I am tired of the place sucking so bad.
3	My wife and I went there looking for fabric to redo our dinning room chairs with. The employee who first helped us out gave us poor direction on what type of fabric we should be looking for, where to find it exactly, and seemed reluctant to leave here "station" as if she was busy working... which she wasn't. Then once we found what fabric we wanted I got another associate to give us a hand cutting off how much we wanted. She was pissed off because... I don't know... maybe because I asked for assistance and she had to stop what she was doing. Maybe she should think about another job, not customer service.The most positive part about the trip here was the second associate that helped us. She told us to go to another store across town where we purchased fabric for our chairs $10 less then we found at Jo-Ann's. Thanks Guys!
1	Same as other reviews a bunch of registers and one cashier I been waiting at customer service trying to see what other store has more if the item I need I been waiting for over 30 minute cashier ignoring and avoiding eye contact no mas
4	Always a pleasure shopping here! The folks are nice, even if a bit slow sometimes. At least I don't feel rushed...Anyway, came for a muffin pan (got that) and looked at some Pandora-look-a-like beads (didn't have much selection, didn't get that).Had a texted coupon and saved 1/2 and mother has the app (always coupons inside). Shopped. Saved. Happy. Done.
2	SLOW SLOW SLOW!!!!!!!!!!!!Most associates at the cutting table don't want to wait on customers?!!!! I have shopped there several times and ALWAYS leave shaking my head wondering "how does this place stay in business?"!!!!!!I love seeing and feeling fabric before I buy it but I really don't want to shop at this Jo-Ann store. Today there were two associates helping one customer at the cutting table. After waiting five minutes, one stopped consulting and decided to stack fabrics as I waited. I went ahead and placed my fabric on the counter in the hopes that employee #2 would see a customer in need but employee #1 said that she would be with me in a minute. I asked, "Can't she help me?", pointing to the stacker. They looked at each other and the stacker came over to cut my fabric. She was nice enough but it seems the entire store needs a lesson on customer service and speed. I have gone to the Jo-Ann store in Casa Grande and always have a great experience. If you are reading this, Ray Road Manager, PLEASE GET YOUR STORE TRAINED!!!!!!
1	I worked at a Joanns in high school, and I still love the company. However, this store is poorly maintained. I needed food coloring and a turn table for cake decorating. All of the cake decorating items are squeezed into an aisle with a pillar in the middle. Stuff was spilling onto the floor and I couldn't get my cart down the aisle. A messy store is normal for a busy Sunday, but I went in maybe 30-45 minutes after opening. I eventually found the turn table on a display in a different aisle, but there was no price. There were a variety of items on the display, and not a single one had a price sticker or a label on the display. It was like they put anything that didn't have a home onto the display, regardless if they went together. I walked around, trying to find someone to ask the price and there was no one to be found. There were 2 ladies cutting fabric, one at customer service and one at another register. The line to checkout was 10 people deep and I wasn't going to wait just to ask a price. Since they were out of the other item I was looking for anyway, I put the turn table back and went to Michaels in the same shopping center. It was a night and day difference with wide aisles, clean and stocked shelves and clearly marked prices. There were 3 people ringing and I got to my car with both items under 15 minutes. I even saw 3 people walking around the store offering help and straightening. I am sad to say that I will not be returning to this Joanns again.
