2	Starbucks, you evil little addiction. Before moving to AZ I wouldn't even touch the stuff (was a die hard Dunkies fan for my iced java).  Moved here and the dearth of Dunkies forced my hand to sip some S-bucks.  Fast fwd to today and I'm a balls-out addict.  Evil and odd how that happens.I get my morning fix at the 7th St location (see my review here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/starbucks-coffee-phoenix-4#hrid:sO9RZ18XimUtEGPIWtbSwQ/src:self ) but as I work on Mill Ave I sometimes need an afternoon re-fill and patronize the Mill Ave location.  The product's the same as every other Starbucks in the world, so what differentiates one location from another?  The staff and service, and herein lies my issue.Just about everyone who works here is great, but man alive you guys are so slow sometimes.   I walk 2 1/2 blocks from my office to come here and the entire round-trip affair is a painstaking half an hour!!  How can this be?  I understand that you're a high foot traffic location (right off campus and city hall), but I recommend you drink your own Kool-Ade, do a shot of espresso (Yes Virgina, there's NO "X" in espresso), and put some pep in your step!!Again, I have to reiterate that the staff here is super friendly and accommodating, I just wish it didn't take so long to re-fuel my tank.
3	Yeah, I'll admit it. I drink Starbucks. I even enjoy it. There goes my indie cred.Whatevs. It's coffee, and with their new not-burned-to-oblivion roast, it's better than it used to be. It's also on the way to work and a lot faster than stopping by Cartel. Plus, I can stop in when I take the bus to work, which I can't do with Cartel. That's where the comparison ends, though. No matter how you slice it, Starbucks' coffee is nothing to write home about - it's bland. It's boring. It's...well...Starbucksy. But the baristas are perky, welcoming and efficient. They even make a point to ask about my morning. Why they insist on asking how I spell my name, however, I will never, ever know.With an h, without an h, who gives a good goddamn? Will it make the lattes taste like they were made by a person and not a robot? Otherwise, I really don't give a shit what you write on my paper cup. You can call me Ted Kaczynski for all I care. Let me just put up the hood on this sweatshirt and grab my drink and I will be on my way back to my cabin in Montana. I've also been tempted to tell them my name is something ridiculous. Like, "It's Melanie, but with two ee's at the end and a circumflex on the a." Just to see if they'd do it. Or ask what a circumflex is. But you know what, I'm tired of hating on Starbucks. Sure, it's an easy target: too big, too corporate, too friendly. Sure, there's a lot of crappola for sale along with my coffee. And yeah, the pre-packaged food is overpriced. But in the world of corporate behemoths, I could be dealing with a lot worse - in terms of employment practices, environmental practices, trade practices, you name it. Plus, they compliment my outfit and tell me I look pretty. And at 7:30 a.m., I'm a fucking sucker.
3	I'm a fan of all coffee houses. I like the music, the smell, and the people who congregate at these locations. The best thing to me about this particular location, is the outside 'dining' - you see, I enjoy watching people on there way to things, or coming back from things...or even the few who have not-a-thing going on at all. The Mill Ave Starbucks provides a great venue (and even a good drink here or there). So, on the weekends you might find me sipping a drink and watching the people go by on Mill. P.S. for all those people watchers, the weekends are the best because that is when the real freaks come out!
4	This probably some of the greatest service I have had to date from a Starbucks location. I really like the layout of this location. Its spacious. The employees are super friendly and my order was repeated several times instead of just being written on a plastic cup and sat down on the counter. I felt like a real customer. I will definitely be returning to this location for my caffeine needs.
2	If you ever imaged a Starbucks that smelled of sweat socks mixed with caramel and coffee, you've come to the right place..The Starbucks on Mill is easily the smelliest Starbucks in town.  The coffee is still decent because its a Starbucks, but the place just is not great.  I do enjoy the couches when people aren't living on them for 8 hours at a time.  The place is usually packed with people using laptops for the free wifi, and the smell comes from the people off the streets walking in and out of the place.  Dont forget.. t his is Mill Ave.. so all walks of life come here.Enjoy!
4	Grab a cup, grab an outdoor chair, enjoy the show!
5	This is my favorite Starbucks location! Even when living miles down the road in Mesa, I would drive out of my way to frequent this location. The staff is very friendly and never misses a beat, they even have gotten my order memorized. There is always more than enough space to sit down and get any work or reading done and usually prime space around the electrical sockets.
2	The Coffee was just okay.  We also ordered a red velvet and a vanilla bean cupcake.  Both had the thickest frosting ever!  Me and the bf looked at each other and asked, "does this cupcake have coffee in it?"  I am not sure if it did or not, but it sort of ruined the traditional flavors of both items.  The cashier was also a wee bit distracted and the barista was not overly-pleasant either.  I've certainly had better in other SBUX.
3	It's quite big for a starbucks.  Right across from the university so lots of students.  It does what starbucks do.  it's good.
4	The one thing @Starbucks excels at is providing a comfortable environment to just "hang out".Free WiFi, usually ample power outlets, air conditioned, comfy seating, and all the free water you can drink.For these reasons I still go.And I am grateful.
4	just about the only place to get coffee on Mill.
3	Nice looking place and friendly staff.My only complaint would be all of the non-paying customers that come in and are allowed to stay.  Lots of street people and bums take advantage of the free air conditioning, water, and restrooms but they take up seating and stay all day.  The inappropriate conversations take away from the coffee shop environment and make me uncomfortable at times.  Starbucks needs to crack down and offer their services to paying customers only.
3	Close proximity to the Tempe Mission hotel and very quick service.Nice table area, with lots of seating.
5	I would typically never write a review for strbucks because it is all the same.  I mean that in the best possible way as i have come to expct a certain level of service and quality.  Starbucks is amazing for kids as my dzughter oly drinks warm milk and so anywhere i see a starbucks i can ge a kids milk.  I have had  great serive at this location.  Since i could not find the starbucks at the asu bookstore location, i am using this review too but really the five stars is for this location. I wanted to give the asu location one star.  My barista NOEl today was exceptionaaly rude. She did not know how to make nor ring up a kids drink and when it  came up wrong instead of offering to fix it told me that  is how it is done.  If my other experiences weren t so good with starbucks i would have switched over to petes.  If you happen to be the starbucks manager at the asu bookstore location too, NOEL definitely could use some more training in both drink preparation and customer service.Sorry for the spelling areas but i am typing on my iphone and havent found the pellchck option yet.
3	Only issue I have is there is typically no place to park if you drive. Oh and the bums taking up all the seats outside. WTF??
4	I really like this location. Now, I generally stop by in the morning around 7:45 or so, so this review is probably more for the a.m., not so much how it is in the p.m.Service is always fast and the employees are very friendly. Yesterday I ordered a coffee and a breakfast wrap. The coffee came fast, but apparently they had forgotten to warm my wrap. They gave me a voucher for a free drink for having forgotten (it's not like I waited that long, I just had to ask about it, I didn't even complain or anything)Anyways, very happy with this location for my morning fix.(oh yeah, parking is a problem though. But, usually that early in the morning, you can find parking on the street. The parking meters are free before 8 a.m.)
5	This is my favorite starbucks probably because I go here about 3 times a week. The staff are also super friendly and know me by name. You can tell they make a point to remember your name and your drink if you are a regular. And they always have a smile on your face and ask about your day. Now parking.. probably isnt the best for this location (wouldnt know because I always walk). There is plenty of seating and the bar is off to the side so you dont have to get your extras around a crowd of people. Keep it up!!
5	My morning ritual Monday through Friday is a trip to my local Starbucks.  The employees there are very friendly, knowledgeable and always treat me like family.  They make it a point to know your name and your drink preferences.  We often have our drinks waiting for us when we arrive because they've seen us across the street....now that's service.  What an awesome group of individuals, Starbucks should be proud.
5	One of my favorite Starbucks.  The service is awesome and there's always a good crowd.  it's great to spend the early morning on the patio which faces the corner of Mill and 5th...
4	yay, im a fan. Of course it's starbucks, but this one is good. They're quick and pretty friendly. Not overly strange barista types. At night it can be a good place to get some work done as it is decently empty at night. The crowd comes in at lunch and late morning. Early or late enough and you'll have a free spot to get a cup. I'd tell you what I had, but it's starbucks, if you don't know what to order...it's 2012.
3	This location is big, clean, and really nice. The staff isn't very friendly, and they were kinda slow too. But they do have city and state mugs if you're a collector like me!
1	Wow! What a RUDE staff! We were the only ones at the counter and the staff ignored us. My husband then had to ask if they were still serving! RUDE RUDE RUDE!! Anyway, we got our coffee and will not return to this location. This was during the evening.
4	Nice, big Starbuck's near ASU. Service appears faster than an average Starbuck's and there's an amazing amount of seating. Nice job on this location!
1	I came here with my girlfriend before a night on the town.  The clerk acted like a jerk the whole time we were ordering, asking questions with a put-off tone and eventually over charged us for our drinks.  Not only that, but both the drip coffees were clearly old, burnt and disgusting.  After receiving our drinks and taking the first sip, both the baristas started to laugh.  What was wrong with the coffee besides the burnt taste is beyond me but it was a joke I didn't find funny.
4	Morning crew is fantastic! Afternoon crew could use some smiles and customer service training. Grouchy!
1	This is the worst Starbucks I have ever gone to. They finally got rid of the disgusting couches that were a hang out spot for homeless people, but there is still a seedy crowd that hangs out around the store. The tables are always dirty, there are crumbs and litter all over the floor, the bathroom was gross.... I wish it was enjoyable, because the location would be great for studying. I didn't notice it being any quicker than any other Starbucks. I avoid this store from now on.
5	Speedy service, great beverages and super friendly staff. I come here almost every day and I've never been disappointed. I looove the ham and cheese breakfast sandwich, the everything bagel and the caesar salad. The Tazo teas are delicious both iced and hot, and I love the coffee as well. One thing I might add is that I didn't particularly care for the cheese croissant because it was too sweet for me, but I've loved everything else.  :)
5	I work right by this location, so I'm in all the time at all hours of the day! They save my life! Often when I come in around 8:30am, the line is at least halfway down the store, but I don't think I've ever waited longer than 15 minutes to get up to the front. Woo! The employees are great and a couple of the guys even remember my name!
5	Best Starbucks ever!! They have every single evolution drink here and I really trust them with making my daily drinks. Staff is nice and efficient. I'm a regular and one time the barista took only a minute longer and presented me with a free drink coupon!!
4	This is a very unique Starbucks location, and a lot of fun to be at. There is a very diverse crowd there, the layout has more seating than most locations (inside and out), and the feel is very comfortable and interesting. The only issue I have is that the lines are huge there and the way the counter is situated it created a big, awkward bottleneck where you pick up the drinks. If you can deal with that, though, it's a fun place!
1	While coffee is decent as Starbucks can be. The help has attitude. The place was burning up hot inside and when I asked if they had a/c I was told rudely by the barista " I burn up every shift. "  putting a much more sour taste than the coffee in my mouth .
4	I had Iced Coffe with Cream for $2.65 i guess. It was open on the Sunday Morning. It has nice seating area with free wifi. It has friendly staff with smile.Busy in their chores and smiling and nice environment. We had gone to Tempe Beach Park and came here to grab coffee and is closeby from there to walk. Downtown Mill Avenue is good to walk at too. Me and my friend had nice chat at the table , enjoying our coffee and discussing places to head on a Fine Sunday.
