4	Yummy.  The bagels are ALWAYS fresh and soft.  There is a huge variety (the "everything" bagel is the best) and the prices are moderate.  You get a baker's dozen, and they will offer to toast and/or pre-slice them for you!  SWEET!At my house, they never make it past the first day.  But I've managed to hide a bagel and it stayed fresh and soft for at least a day and a half.My only complaint, if you could call it that, is that because they are soooo soft, they get smushed in the bag.  OY.  To complain is human.BONUS: The servers are friendly and its right next to a Starbucks!!!
3	I must preface this review with a note:  I am a bagel snob.  I used to work in a bagel shop, and as such, am HIGHLY critical of them.  (I'm actually on a personal, somewhat half-crazed, crusade to educate all who will listen that the national chain Noah's Bagels needs to be sued for false advertising since they don't have ANY bagels, only bagel-shaped bread.)With that said, this place is just like Noah's, in that it's a chain with that super sleek, clean and impersonal feel.  If I lived nearby, it would seriously deter me from becoming a regular.  It's not bad, but it's too inorganic with too few crotchety old guys hanging out front bitching about how much better things used to be.However, they make up for it with the fact that they aren't Noah's, and they actually sell pretty good bagels.  Not great bagels, but pretty darn good.I stopped here a few times while in town a few weeks ago.  I liked some of the varieties of flavors, and they've got some pretty good spreads.  The lox and cream cheese didn't need the capers since the lox is already plenty salty enough.Oh yeah... the staff was very good.  Very friendly, very personable.  I was impressed.So, the next time I'm in town, I'll surely go again, not for a great love of this place, but because they have good enough bagels, and I am thoroughly addicted to bagels in general.
2	In general, I like Einstein Bros Bagels. Not the best food in the world, certainly not the worst. This location has been a quick breakfast stop for the wife and I since we moved to this part of town. I haven't had any problems with the quality of food at this location, but literally every time I go into this store, the same people are working, and they are always grumpy. It doesn't matter if its busy or slow, they are grumpy and running around like they have their heads cut off. Like I said, I've not had a problem with the food, but the service isn't up to snuff because of the attitudes of the staff. I can't say I won't come back, because I know I will, some days start better with a Spicy Elmo and a cup of their Fair Trade coffee...but if I can find another quick breakfast spot in the area, I will be a happy man.
2	My coworker raved about this place so we headed over here for a quick lunch.  It took forever to get our food and when we got back to the office with it, almost everyone's order was wrong.  I ordered a turkey sandwich on an asiago bagel - it was alright.  The bagel was super greasy and the sandwich wasn't anything to write home about.  The potato salad was the highlight of the meal and even then, I wasn't impressed.  Yes - lunch was cheap but you get what you pay for!
2	I love Einstein's Bros, but this location was awful! I've never had a problem with my bagel to cream cheese ratio, but my bagel was not even covered with a thin layer. I went to ask for more and the cranky girl behind the counter said I would have to pay extra... Plus, there were hardly any bagels left and it was only 10am!I'm sticking to the Trop and Koval location from now on. It's worth the drive. The workers actually crack a smile
5	Best bagels I ever had
3	While their coffee is fantastic and their bagels are good, the service could use improvement.  I've been a regular at this Einstein location for a year and a half now, since I moved back to the Southwest side of town.  Never once do they remember my face, name, or order preferences.  They're not even friendly.  They might as well greet customers with a, "Neeext!"  Furthermore, they are painfully slow at getting the orders through, but this was the price I was willing to pay for good coffee and bagels for a long time.  Lately I've been venturing out to try some of the independently owned coffee shops, such as Holley's Cuppa & Baguette Cafe, with wonderful experiences. If this happens to be on your way, I wouldn't discourage stopping, but certainly don't make a trek to seek this spot out.
1	I walked into this Einstein Bros. Bagels approached the counter to order and was completely ignored by all 4 employees. The employees scattered and argued about who would take my order, none of them did, and several others continued cleaning in the back. I waited approximately 15 minutes and decided to walk out prior to ordering. Bad, bad, bad, customer service. Not to mention over priced product and based on the menu board a limited selection. I wouldn't waste time on this location.
4	Its good. i love their Spinach florentine bagel with the garlic herb smear. And thei chai tea latte hot/cold is yummy! :)
5	I come here at least once a week and its always good... I had a questionable experience here once and they fixed the problem immediately. I had a Turkey Tornado Wrap (no longer on menu) and it was Nothing like the photo and had barely any Turkey (I mean barely)... It was right at closing (2:45pm-ish) and I was with friends who saw my wrap and said "that looks nothing like the photo"... I was upset, so I took a photo of it and sent it (and a photo of the receipt)to the Online suggestion box of Einsteins Corporate. Within hours I had a response and they sent me a coupon for another one. I didn't do it to get a free sandwich, but then the same day the branch manager sent me an email inviting me back in to have a free lunch... That was nice. I came back in a week later and took him up on his offer. That is why I keep coming back... The detailed follow up of Service... And the food is good..! Good job.!
4	It's no surprise that the bagels and shmears are wonderful. This location is the closest to my parents' house and my mom loves Einstein Bros. bagels, so this is where we visit. The interior is very nice and cozy. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. I love the selection of bagel flavors (Everything, Potato, Asiago Cheese, and Sesame Seed are some of my favorites) and the reduced-fat whipped shmears are so, so good (Sun-Dried Tomato Basil, Garlic & Herb, Onion & Chive are my go-to flavors, but they're really all delicious except the Smoked Salmon). During the fall, they have delicious offerings like Pumpkin Walnut Gourmet Bagel and Pumpkin Shmear (YUM!), adding to the fun. Get the baker's dozen box, which comes with two shmears, and freeze some for later. Also, don't forget to ask for a stamp card and have them slice your bagels!
3	This place usually is awesome and their service is usually great, but today it was totally off. The girl at the register took 10 minutes to get to us because she had made a mistake. The second time we came back to get a coffee the girl who took our order did not hear the first 4 times we told her our order. Then when we paid the same girl at the cash register had another problem with another customer so again we waited while she fixed her mistake. Once we received our coffee we let the cashier know that it was supposed to have extra ice and she
5	Samantha and James were absolutely amazing and had the best customers service. Especially for being the fist customers of the day early in the morning. James was more than excited to be the baker and that made the bagels taste better, made with love. As well as Samantha was on point a wonderful cashier. Only let down was they had no tip jar. Wish they did, the deserve it!!!!! Thank you to Samantha and James for being so nice last time we were there the red headed cashier she was pretty cool too. Will def has this as our regular bagel shop from now on.
5	I like this location. It is right near CVS and Sprouts which I like to go to, so I have been here twice. Both times I had a great experience. Staff: They are very friendly here. I have been here twice and they are quick to greet you.Service: This is a self-service place, so you kind of serve yourself. Both times I have been here though, they have brought my food to me rather than calling my name. Nice staff! Food: Really good. Its a chain, so its consistent with the other brands.The coffee and iced tea seemed fresh here.
3	I periodically stop at Einstein Brothers to buy bagels.  I really like salt bagels but they don't make these.  They just have pretzel bagels with some salt on them.  I stopped to get 1/2 dozen bagels so I could have something different for breakfast.The bagels are good, but I think they're more expensive that some other places.  Service here was prompt and friendly.
2	Okay what is so hard about getting the order right for one bagel. I asked toasted nope didn't do it. I asked for salmon cream cheese nope placed something else. Asked for lox got two shitty dried out pieces.  Just hard to get a good bagel unless you make it yourself or go to the Bagel Cafe.
5	Loved this location the first time we visited and haven't been disappointed yet. The food is fresh and tastes good each visit. I prefer the strawberry salad here to a competitor.  Einstein's salad has greens in it not the white bitter part of the lettuce which most people throw out. I adore the dressing as well! The sandwich options are good too. Darin usually gets the Turkey bacon avocado!  It's a rare restaurant where everyone in our little family is happy to eat at each time!
