4	WELCOME TO MOE'S!We stopped by Moe's after a long day of walking around a cornfield.  Wow.  That sounds "country," doesn't it?  Actually, we were working our way through a corn maze for almost 3 hours and needed some nourishment.Moe's ranks between Qdoba (#1) and Chipotle (#3) for me when it comes to fast food burritos.  However, the best thing about Moe's is that you get a little more value for your money than with the other burrito places.  Moe's gives you FREE chips with your burrito and offers a FREE salsa bar.  After eating my sandwich AND chips, I feel like the stuffed burrito.  I typically like spicy salsas, but Moe's hot salsas are too liquidy for me.  They're basically just hot sauce, not salsa, so I stick to the green tomatillo salsa from their salsa bar, which is out of this world.  It's not spicy at all, but it's so full of sweet flavor that I forgo the hot sauce and go straight for the tomatillo.  I just wish they had bigger containers to spoon it into.  I go through about 5 of their little salsa containers and it seems like a lot of wasted plastic (or a lot of running back and forth to the salsa bar with my tiny cup!).This particular Moe's has a nice, big outdoor seating area, which was perfect for us to enjoy the sunny, fall day.
4	This is a great Moes, and it's not too far from my house. Their burritos are gigantic, and I usually wrap my burrito butt back up and bring it home with me. It's nice to have leftovers for lunch the next day.The salsa bar is awesome, and it's one of the big bonuses for me when I'm choosing between Qdoba or Moe's, which are both near my house. Their selection isn't as fabulous as Phat Burrito, but it's cheap, close, and delicious, so I can forgive them for some kind of funky hot sause.
4	Okay so I am a huge fan of Moe's.  I have been to a few Moe's and this one lives up to the others reputation.  Maybe the only reason I like this one more than the others is due to the fact that this one is newer and not as crowded most of the time.Most Moe's I go to have tons of kids and families and this one didn't have much of that.  It was quiet, clean, and personal.  I went on a Sunday at dinner time around 1pm and it was perfect pick me up toward the end of the weekend.  I recommend any Moe's but your in the area, and love Moe's you might want to check this one out.
4	This week when I came here for lunch, before I could open my gob and recite my normal kid's meal, the guy working recited "a Moo with black bean, tofu and no rice?" and I realized that either I'm THAT strange they can remember what I order or I'm officially a regular. At a "fast food" joint.The staff here usually are having a fun time behind the counter, the joint usually stays pretty spotless and they always have the salsa bowls filled. Around lunch time you'll only run into a handful of people from local companies sitting down for lunch and aside from Moe's vast array of music playing over the speakers, its relatively quiet.If you're ever up this way and craving Mexican, I'd definitely recommend it.
4	I ordered the ground beef nachos with queso. They were really good and spicy and my friend also mentioned how there was adequate toppings and the chips stay crispy.  Got guac on ths side but totally not necessary. I could barely finish  it.  Mens bathroom apparently was a nightmare(took away a star)  vomit in sink,urine and feces on floor  :/  womens bathroom was fine.  FYI Get a free meal on your birthday if you sign up for their emails
4	"Welcome to Moe's!" Yep, they shouted at me when I walked in. I wasn't super hungry, so I went with the "Joey Junior". It's a smaller sized burrito but it still comes with the rest of the basket filled with chips. So there's still a huge amount of food!I topped the chips with a few healthy scoops of salsa from the salsa bar and ended up taking the untouched burrito home for the next day's lunch. It was still excellent.Large seating area with a TV or two that were tuned into a sports channel. And free wi-fi. Excellent!I love Moe's!
4	Welcome to Moe's, is the first thing you hear when you enter Moe's. The staff here are very friendly. You will get free chips and salsa with you're order. You can customize you're order.
3	I over look this place way too much. But the other day I happen to be driving by around lunch time and stopped in.  It wasn't very busy although it was almost 2pm so I think I just missed the lunch crowd.  Parking was easy in their lot. Service was great. Friendly and quick. The restaurant is clean and quiet. I got the steak burrito bowl. It was good. I love that they have several choices for salsa.
1	I went to Moe's today for lunch with some co-workers, the people working behind the counter were very unfriendly and almost downright snippy, totally not the kind of people you want interacting with your customers. Food was decent, overpriced for what you get, in my opinion. We work nearby but unfortunately we will not be back, there are many other places where you'll be greeted with a smile.
1	I was there today after 1:00 with very few people in the establishment. There wasn't a clean table in the entire restaurant. Further, there was food on the floor and it was downright filthy. After asking for a table to be cleaned so my friend and I could sit and eat, the cashier very lazily slopped a wet towel on a table and threw the trash from the table onto the floor. While the food is OK, this place needs management desperately! Will never return!
4	I really only give 4 stars because of value. I used to go to Moes every Monday for about 6 months straight, I always loved it. It was $5, filled me up and tasted good.  I go less frequent now, not because I am unable, but I almost feel the quality is going down rather then up like its competitors. I starting eating at Chipotle more and the quality of food is night and day, by the taste and texture. I will prob still go to Moes often because it doesn't taste bad but only on Mondays. At $6, you are still getting a great deal with burrito chips drink and salsa. On a Tuesday- Sunday, I will be getting my quick burrito at Chipotle.
3	I love Moe's!  You can always count on the quantity and quality to stay consistant...except...at this location.What gives?  I always feel shorted with the chips and the food is always under-seasoned.
