4	If you're in a rush, this branch of the Whisky Shop is usually much quieter than the one on Victoria Street due to the uninspiring location.Rest assured however, they stock all the same brands and the staff are just as knowledgable about the different distilleries and grains. There's literally dozens of different whiskies to choose from and if you can't make up your mind, they sell minitatures and gift sets combining different batches of whisky from individual companies. For the true afficionado, they also sell copies of The Whisky Bible. If you're buying, I'll have a bottle of 12 year old Ben Riach please.
4	I'm not a whisky fan which always shocks my non-Scottish friends as they just assume that being a whisky lover is an inbuilt instinct for anyone Scottish. I'm letting the side down a little bit but I do know plenty of people who like whisky so the Whisky Shop is the perfect place to head to for stocking fillers at Christmas or Birthday presents for my whisky loving friends. The Whisky Shop is also excellent for tourists who can take back some Whisky souvenirs for the real Scottish experience.If you're not sure of all the different kinds of whisky then the staff are very knowledgeable and will be able to help you out and point you in the right direction.
4	Bravo, Whisky Shop! I have been timid about entering you, for I know about as much as a wicker platypus does about whisky. I don't drink, you see, and even when I did, whisky wasn't my tipple.I came in here once before in search of some Caol Ila for my brother for Christmas, which he had specifically mentioned by name. I was too shy to say anything so I scootled around, nosing at the shelves, and being unable to see it (but seriously, there are SO MANY BOTTLES), I fled.This time, however, I didn't have a name, just the vague notion that I wanted a Lowland whisky, ideally made near to Edinburgh, that wasn't too peaty, as a good luck gift for a friend who was leaving town. I braced myself, and stepped inside."Hello," I said, in the bracingly chipper manner of someone who has resolved to do something, a bit like people in films introduce themselves at AA. "My name is Cressida and I know nothing about whisky."The chap (and I regret I didn't make a note of his name) didn't blink, and his friendly expression didn't waver. "Sure," he smiled. "What are you looking for?"I told him my specification and right away he knew exactly what to recommend. He showed me a range of bottles and explained the differences in how they were made and the effect that it had on the flavour, and - this is the great bit - let me know the price of each. I hate it when you get the details and have to shiftily go "and... how much is that one? And that one?"This was a chap who clearly knew his stuff, not just a bored employee bleeping bottles through the till to turn a buck. While we talked, I suddenly spotted a bottle of Caol Ila! Wow! I mentioned it to him and he explained that this one was the rare and pretty expensive 18-year version, and probably not what my brother had tried in Sandy Bell's. I had a look all the same (then hastily put it back when I saw the price).So, in short - my misgivings about the location (bland Princes Mall) and the shop itself (chain) were allayed by this simple process: whisky specified, whiskies identified, whiskies explained, whisky selected, whisky purchased. No fuss, no judgement, and altogether a very happy experience with good conversation thrown in. Here's to you, Whisky Shop. I raise my apple juice to your good health.
