5	Being in my profession I've taken a lot of drug tests as part of an application process and now that I'm applying for new jobs I'm sure I will be visiting this facility a lot in the next couple of months; was thinking I may suggest they get a frequent cup filler card for a free treat at the local head shop (I'm kidding, I'm kidding) Ive been to some good and some bad facilities and this one is on the good side of things; I was in and out in less than an hour.  Once you get called back the doctors/proctors are very polite and prepared to handle questions and concerns.  They have obviously had the routine down and have seen it all. It's a little hard getting to as the entrance wasn't exactly where my GPS said it was or clearly marked but once I drove around the block it was an easy parking lot and walk up to the 2nd floor.  You can trust these guys to be professional and efficient.
1	"I drove all the way to the California border and paid $90 to get fingerprinted only to find out later my fingerprints were no good and needed to be redone. If you need them for California, go somewhere else."
1	Very rude service!! Needed to get fingerprints NV board of nursing. When I asked him he just said "nope". I thought he was kidding. He said he cannot do the fingerprints electronically. He can only send a fingerprint card that will take 6-8 weeks to process. Why call your self live scan Las Vegas if you can't submit it electronically?Don't waste your time here. Go to Burtons studio instead. They can take care of your needs and they are nicer.  Ps. Didn't even want to give him any stars.
1	He is the most rude and disrespectful person I've ever met. He opens at 11am and I walked in at 11:05am and he kicked me out and told me to take my business elsewhere. He was offended when I responded that his door was open and that it was past the posted opening time. If you weren't open, then keep your door locked, dummy! Do NOT give this reprobate any business whatsoever. There is a better location called button studios, 3375 pepper lane. I'd give zero stars if that were an option. Curious how each review on this guy is similar....not just a coincidence. He should not be in business treating people the way he does. Not sure what or where the benefit is in him power tripping in a finger printing service but, I can't image the volume and margins on printing are so good that he can afford to continually treat his customers in such a fashion.
