2	If you're pregnant, do yourself a favor and ask your doctor to send you anywhere other than here. I arrived at the "downstairs" office where my appointment was (suite 100) and was greeted with "hold on, don't sign in yet, we need to figure out where you're going". Then the nurse sent me upstairs to their "other" office in the medical building. When I got upstairs at 1:45 for my 2:00 appointment I filled out paperwork on some touch screen gizmo. During that process I was informed that while my appointment time was at 2:00, the "real" appointment time was 2:30 - they tell you your appointment is 30 minutes before the real time so you can complete 10 minutes of "paperwork"on their gizmo. How about allowing people to complete paperwork online and not waste their time?This was the most uncomfortable ultrasound I've had yet. The tech did not seem experienced and pressed way too hard against my belly. I had to crane my neck to try to see my babe on the teeny tiny monitor. Not even kidding, I needed a massage afterwards to work out the crick in my neck. The tech gave me 4 photos of the babe; none of them were very clear.I've been a other places that are so much nicer - for example, Fetal and Women's Center gives you a DVD of the ultrasound and tons of photos. It costs them next to nothing to do it, and it is so appreciated -  everyone knows expectant mamas love ultrasound pictures.  I know the quality of the test is better too - the machines are newer there and you can tell they each of the techs has tons of experience. They also provide reassuring feedback during the scan and answer questions. At SMIL every question I asked was met with "I can't discuss that, you'll have to ask your doctor". Mamas, you really are better off going somewhere that SPECIALIZES in prenatal ultrasound.
5	I was at SMIL this week for a biopsy; I've also gone there for an ultrasound and mammogram. The staff is excellent, the nurses are exceptionally sweet and the doctors have an amazing bedside manner. They sent me my results very quickly too... I found out there's no Cancer the following day! Really great experience despite the uncomfortable nature of the procedure.
1	Came in for scan. Was given questionable water in a white plastic container with a paper cup and told to drink it all. I asked about where it came from and was told from the staff kitchen and it was not tap water. I was given a second white plastic container with water right before my scan and asked to drink it. I felt very uncomfortable with this procedure because there was no way of knowing  1 Water source 2. cleanliness of container that gets reused, refilled over and over again 3. total disregard of operating a professional lab by giving out questionable and unsanitary water instead of a sealed bottle of water. This caused a lot of stress. 4.Later on I callied in and spoke to Nicki, the office manager and related info above to her. I was told that I was the first person to complain, thus shaming me for bringing an unsanitary practice to her attention.   I am writing this review so that if it happens to you, know that you are NOT the first person to question this unsanitary practice.I hope SMIL decides to change this reckless practice and use sealed bottled water so that there are no questions or worries.
5	Came here for a couple of MRIs and I have to say it was a very pleasant experience. Front desk staff got me checked in and I didn't have to wait long for my appointment. The two young women who did the MRI were very courteous and made sure I was comfortable the whole time. Definitely will return to this place if I have to get any more imaging done.
