5	So... i have to prefix this with the fact that my dad is a dj here... which helps the fact that i love this club!My dad has been a dj in many strip clubs, but this one is my favorite of all the ones he has worked in.It is brilliant! one half is a topless club with liquor, the other half is full nude without... so you can get drunk, then just go to the other side!the bartenders are awesome, besides being adorable, they are sweethearts and pour with a really heavy hand!tonight i took my roommate here, her first strip club ever, and she had a great time! because it is set up more like a bar, that just happens to have topless women in it... they aren't shoved in your face everywhere you turn!i will obviously go again, but i would even if my dad didn't work here...
5	i am drunk.  thank you to the wonderful bartenders at the bar, i got pretty sloshed.  enough to phase out the countless number of boobs i saw.this is the first strip club i ever went to.  having known the daughter of the dj and a dresser of the dancers, there were some things i saw that would not have happened had i just attended this place... but all and all, i had a good time.the dancers picked good music, so the general atmosphere was nice, and sitting at the corner of the bar, i saw minimal boobage, it was a good spot.  this is certainly a fun time to be had, even if you aren't into strip clubs, because the bartenders know what they're doing.i am drunk.
4	Go on the 21 and up side only to drink. It's always fatty dance night in there. The girls on the 18+ side are pretty smokin' for the most part. The place is a little dirty, but it's ok. The clientele is sometimes creepy, but again just mind your own and you will have fun.
3	Fun place to go, especially with the $5 lap dance lunch special
5	I like to think i am a pretty classy guy who doesn't objectify women... wait i am writing a review for a strip club... shit.  Seriously tho i don't go to titty bars often and if i do it is generally post break up for a friend.None the less, last time i was in AZ my  friend decided we should have a revival of our younger days and  visit the site of many debaucherous nights, good old ABC.  As we paid to get in some 6'5 drunk guy who had been cut off tried to rush back in to the 21+ side and was lifted up and slammed to the ground by a 5'5 skinny bouncer, instantly swarmed by 5 other bouncer guys, beaten to a bloody pulp, and drug out by his feet to bleed on the side walk unconscious, all within 2 ft of us. AWESOME way to start the night. I have heard stories of blackjackings and pistol whippings by the security also, i mean realistically what goes better with T&A then some senseless violence!?  I mean for me that says it all. That and you can drink and see naked women all in one venue, oh and bush dives. If you don't know i'm not explaining.
5	My favorite in Phoenix, not too sleazy yet not too fancy either.... gives proof to the notion that pussy still is king and these gals squat and hover their snatches right nose nightly.
4	How am I going to review this place?Did I actually get tricked into coming here?How... ???What... ???Did I really just see THAT much nudity & debauchery in 2 hours?My life has forever changed...Wow, I'm going to TRY to write a coherent review. God help me.Who knew all it would take to snap me out of any bi-curiousness I may have had was strippers.Pros:You can get drunk on the left & then go watch full nudity on the right.Everything was 2 for 1. 2 beers? $4.50. That was awesome. Is that just Wed?The black lights turned my vodka tonic a light colored neon blue. The girls that talked to us were nice.The girl who gave my friend a dance worked hard & deserved her money.The bouncers looked very capable.The music. Heard some stuff I didn't think I'd hear. Major plus!Cons:Could the parking lot be any more crowded? Holy hell.Kind of dingy. Sitting in those chairs freaked me out a little.The locks in the restroom on the left are broken!The bartender watered our White Russians down. It was gross. We complained & it was rectified.Now, let me say that just because I gave this place 4 stars doesn't mean I ever want to come back. I have had my fill of strip clubs, be it this place or any other.
3	I feel like a degraded form of a man for reviewing a strip club, but you know I went so I might as well share my experience.Dudes weekend away proved to be a bit more than I bargained for at times, whether that be good or bad. I fully expected to be dragged along to a place such as this and I was fully prepared with singles in hand. I will not grade this establishment based upon the women that work here, but most of them were just like any girl you'd see walking down the street in "Hometown, USA" except without clothes on. There's a $10 entrance fee for 21+ and a $20 cover for 18+. I hate cover fees, but usually they're much higher for "gentlemen's clubs" than a meager $10. Standard one drink minimum and so on.In both sections (18+ & 21+) the stage is center room with tables and chairs surrounding. Drink prices are sub $3 for most beer (not much to choose from though) and $6+ for a shot or mixed drinks. Of course plenty of the ladies make their way to your table to entice you to let them help you waste your money. I believe dances were $10 a pop, a bargain in the game of booby bars. Music is at a tolerable level and surprisingly is quite varied from song to song.Parking is impossible to find and you have an immense risk of being towed if you park in the surrounding areas. A good time, but certainly one that won't be elaborated upon any further. What happens in...Phoenix?
4	This was our second visit to ABC; the DH likes it and I'm as open to a little fun as the next girl.  We started at another club that was dead, dead, dead and then came here.  True, the parking lot is crazy and the drinks seemed a little light but all in all a good time.  The one thing that was missing was boobies!  Aesthetically, we're both in the "bigger is better" camp. I know that's not for everyone but the only girls with big jugs were thick all over; not our style.  We did get a couple of dances from Montana who did a very nice show--pretty choreographed but high energy and fun.  DH LOVES to watch me get lap dances!  The waitresses were cute (cuter than many of the dancers) and the drink service was quick--might help that we're big tippers--and there was a lot of fun in the whole place.  So it's definitely on the "will return" list for us.
2	I will say this place is conceptually cool, with the lodge theme and all their taxidermy as well as offering a topless 21+ alcohol side and a fully nude 18+ dry side to transition to and from as you please.However, the cover is ridiculous, and the drink prices are nothing less than criminal. You'd think as the charges accrue the dancers here must be drop dead gorgeous, but i've seen much more attractive women in cheaper joints. I noticed hardly anyone at all shelling out cash for the dancers themselves, probably because you feel so robbed before you've even sat down.And then I did sit down, in a chair that smelled like an indoor playplace. Not sexy. The music varies from alternative rock to rap to techno to hard rock so frequently that no one can possibly enjoy even half of what they're condemned to hear.There are a ton of other strip clubs within a small radius of here, so I would recommend driving a block or two in any direction to stay out of this one.
5	My fav strip club!
5	Its the best strip club in the valley hands down. Its freekin legendary in the valley.  Its almost like going to NY and not going to Scores or going to LA and not going to Tattletails. Been around since the late 80's,......long live the BUSH!!!
4	Didn't think I would ever step foot in this place...only because I couldn't find a group that was all willing to go. I was impressed when I was out for a friend's bday celebration and everyone thought it would be a great idea to go to a strip club. The only strip clubs I've been to were in Vegas so I was a bit skeptic. I made sure that I made change at another bar and we were on our way. At first, the place looks...scary to say the least. However, I was pleasantly surprised to see some very gorgeous girls. Being a girl in a strip club definitely has its perks. Lots of attention, lots of nudity in your face (literally) and guys cheering you on. Ended up meeting a guy that looks exactly like Leonard from The Big Bang Theory. Happy night to say the least.
4	Ended up going to visit my first strip club while I was visiting friends in Phoenix.  The website looked classy, although the outside of the place looks a bit shady, it was worth the $8 cover.  They had $2 drafts and the girls were mostly amazing looking outside of one or two.  They have some extremely athletic and talented pole dancers (watch for Paige on the topless side), and some extremely amazing dancers on the nude side (Nadia).  The decor of the inside of the place is very classy, in an attempt to make you feel like you're in a lodge up in Alaska, with antler chandeliers to complete it.  The bartenders and wait staff were nice, the dancers were nice, and the bouncers seemed decent, not at all what I expected when I read other reviews here.  The dancers were not pushy, and overall I think this was a pretty decent strip club -- considering it was my first one ever.
1	I'm not sure why this place is rated so highly. As a girl I love to go to strip clubs. The interaction is what makes it exciting but all you have here is great pole work and dollar "bush dives". No interaction whatsoever other than having a girl put her thang in your face every time you tip them. Then one of the strippers literally came off stage,  made out with the guy next to me, Then she made out with the stripper on stage. This place is trash.
2	Grimy to say the least. I like the concept of having drinks on one side and complete dis-robe-ment on the other, but the execution here is to be desired. The girls are meh, and very aggressive. The drinks were fairly solid though.
2	I probably visited the 'ABC' (as the dancers call it) a dozen times from mid to late 2012.  One disclaimer is that I travel to Phoenix on business, so I never saw the club on a Friday or Saturday.  That may influence my perception.The ABC is a dual club...a 21+ side which is topless and serves alcohol, and a full nude side which does not.  This is a great setup because you can watch the topless dancers, have some drinks, then wander over (sans drink) to the full nude side.  But I have to say that the girls at this club were mediocre at best.  Mostly in the 5-6 range, I never saw anybody I would rate higher than a 7.  I find the whole atmosphere of the club to be almost too open...both halves are large rooms, and it makes the place feel so empty on a weeknight.  Cavernous, really.The dancers were also uninspired, and while not unfriendly, never worked very hard to get dances.  I like a little company before I get a dance, and if I wasn't shelling out as soon as a girl came over, she would move on.  Except, of course, if I really wanted her to move on.  ;)The two stars are for the fact that I like the dual sides of the club...one side not interesting?  Walk to the other.  The second star is for the fact that the service was always friendly, from the hostess to the waitresses.  The rest?  Meh.
1	Bad service bad dancers bad customer service. I understand everyone has a preference in girls but pregnant chicks should not be strippers
5	One of the best places to go on earth.  best BBQ outside, women are very attractive.
1	This is THE WORST STRIP CLUB IN PHOENIX! Most of the girls look rachet, the club looks even worst the decor is old and falling apart, The "VIP" if you can call it that is even worse and smells disgusting.. Not even 10 mins after walking in a girl came up and offered to sell me coke and meth. The fat ass manager insulted me he must of been on drugs though? Lol. The bartender was really pretty shitty drinks though. I left and I will never go back. GOOD LUCK.
1	$10 cover nude side and top less side did not deliver.  Drinks over priced dancers not shapely protruding guts and don't know how to use the pole :(
2	Wasn't at all like I remembered.  Only some of the girls were attractive, one had her bf in the audience which made it really awkward for anyone to get a dance from her.Wasn't happy with this time.  Maybe it was a bad night but for a Friday, it sure seemed dead and didn't have the top girls (unless those were then there is a bigger issue).
