5	Owned by the Phoenix Coyotes the Alltel Ice Den is a ice skating/hockey rink in North Scottsdale. The Ice Den has two rinks which are in use by the Coyotes and various leagues through out the year, but they have public skating times as well. On Friday nights they have a skate night which has a DJ woohoo! I believe they have one aimed at teenagers and one aimed at kids. It would probably be embarrassing to go now, but my friends and I loved it in high school. Writing this makes me want to find out what other times they are open to the public! Although I'm not great I'm a pretty decent ice skater, and wouldn't that be a fun way to escape the heat and get a great workout!
4	Very fun! Hadn't been Ice Skating in years. My husband and I decided to try it out since we were not sure what the weather was planning so didn't want to risk hiking or biking.....had a bit of a panic when I thought I had forgotten how to skate but it turns out my skates were one size too big ... makes ALL the difference.The place is kept very clean and the ice is looked after well. Lots and lots of families here .... great place for the kids....nice to see so many smiling faces. My husband wiped out trying to perform some bizarre move....so I was entertained....he is fine by the way.Afterwards we had a burger and a beer  at the 18 Degrees bar located   in the ice den overlooking the rink. Overall a fun time : )
5	Great ice and very affordable shinny.  They have a fantastic pro shop as well and tend to have some good deals.  Worth checking out.
5	Evan's awesome. Great at figure skates, fitting, mounting, etc. My daughter LOVES him AND her new skates!
5	This place is a hit for the entire family.  Last night was the first night that we were there and it wasn't packed to the gills.  Last weekend they had a Alumni Coyotes game and another tournament and it was jammed packed.The kids ice skate and Lynn and I enjoy a relaxing evening in 18 degrees bar and grill.Have to say the whole family enjoys a night out at the Ice Den.
4	This was a GREAT experience!!  The kids had a blast and there was even BLOOD and loose teeth!!  I got a great Groupon deal and took the kids and thier friends.  The open skate sounded like it was a short amout of time but it was the perfect amount.  The only complaint I have is the crowded  area in the front was a little frustrating when trying to get to the bathroom!  It's hard to run through people on ice skates when you gotta pee and there are little kids left unsupervised running willy nilly.  LOLThe little food place was nice and the wait staff was GREAT.  And the prices were affordable. We will surely go out there again and I suggest it to others.
5	Last weekend we went to the Ice Den with my nephew and niece.  They were having Holiday ice skating for $10 a person for 2 hours.  It was a pretty big Ice Skating rink and the staff was dress up as Rudolph and Frosty.  We all had a great time.   If you are looking for a place to go Ice Skating,  you should check out Ice Den in Scottsdale.
5	Went on a holiday skate, which is $10 for 2 hour public skate, including rental.  Not too shabby.  The rink is well maintained and large and the staff is really nice.  There are various choices in places to eat and drink and also a separate rink for hockey games and hockey garb as well.  Not too shabby for something fun and inexpensive to do.
5	a figure skater's dream facility!beautiful ice surfaces with perfect ice texture.a big pro shop with plenty of goods.attached restaurants.friendly staff.
4	I had a fun time at this place. Not only did I get to watch the Phoenix Coyotes during a morning skate, but then I got to play hockey immediately after. I was so pumped up!What I liked about here is that you can get very close to the Coyotes players. The fan area is just separated by a queue strip, and it is right next to the entrance/exit to the practice rink.The ice surface that I played on was pretty nice, too. I was surprised at how good of a turnout there was for a noon pickup game. Everybody was nice and the price of $13 for over 90 minutes of ice time was worthwhile.There is also a snack bar up front, and it looked pretty nice.The only bad thing about this place is that the main restroom did not seem to be maintained well. It was clean, but I noticed that there was no toilet paper nor seat covers anywhere, nor were there paper towels by the sinks. That seems just gross, if you ask me!Overall, this rink is not perfect, but it is not too shabby. The Coyotes need fan support, and so they'll gladly let you in to watch their practices. I am glad I skated here, and would gladly play on their ice again!
3	I've had mixed feelings growing up in the Ice Den (back then the Alltel Ice Den). Sure, the ice is great and I've had fun as a social skater on the weekends, but the service here has been very troublesome.With the nature of the job, mostly teenagers work to supervise the rink, some more invested than others. Not that this is a bad thing, but I bring up this fact because many times I have witnessed bullying among kids here. Not the friendly kind you see within the same group, but the kind where one kid gets harrassed by a group constantly throughout the night. It's a bit short of tackling, but harsh words can do it for some kids. In these scenarios, sometimes the teenage staff are incapable of stopping it.I used to feel safe growing up here, but now I'm not so sure. Maybe the staff has changed for the better, but the rotating nature of teenage staff makes me unwilling to take my kids to such a venue if they want to learn how to ice skate. Maybe better for private lessons, but not the public weekend hours.If I could change the reveiw, it'd be 2.5 stars. But because of the overall experience, without the bullying it'd definitely be 3. Teenagers should stop being ****s to others these days.
5	The Ice Den excels in all areas as an ice skating rink. The staff is professional and respectful, from the guy who hands you your coffee in the cafe, to the manager (don't know his name, but he is always there and always says "hi" with a smile). My daughter takes lessons and the girls and guys that teach are always helpful and seem like they like doing it as well as enjoy the kids.They take very good care of there equipment and facilities. The skates are well maintained. The ice is smoothed over by the zamboni at the same time so you are not skating on rocky ice. They are always clean and the place looks as new as it did on their grand opening. It is pretty much always busy, which is a testament to there reputation. It can be a little crowded but they do have people on the ice to run crowd control and help anyone who needs it. The shows that they put on from time to time are very well done and there are always hockey games or practice going on, which are fun to watch. The one thing that I can say about the Ice Den is that they are professional from the time you walk in the door, to the time you leave. I cannot say anything negative about them. This is a good thing since my daughter is obsessed and it looks like we will be frequenting them for years to come.
4	Nice facility!
5	The Ice Den, or should I say their pro shop,  is nearly the only place in the Valley that I will let come close to sharpening my hockey skates. I always get a 90/75 FBV cut on my skates and they always do a great job. I shovel ice during the hockey season at the Coyotes games, and it is extremely important to have your skates sharpened correctly.
5	Great spot to Chill out :).  Kids having a blast learning some skills.  Come check it out, coaches are awesome with the kids.
5	I love the Ice Den.  Their ice is the best kept in the area.  The staff is always friendly and great.  They know how to run programs for both children and adults.  They have a great snack bar with outstanding coffee.  Also the restaurant is pretty good inside.  The staff in the hockey store is helpful and you can ask for clearance merchandise that they don't have on the shelf but keep in the back if you are on a budget or need to replace something quickly.  3 of 4 members in my household are actively in the programs at the Ice Den, and we all prefer this rink.
4	Great time. Decent ice. Helpful staff. :)
4	We have had birthday parties here and they do a great job and even had the birthday child ride the zamboni. Great skating rink and practice facility to the coyotes. Also located in the facility is 18 degrees and over easy restaurants. All around nice place to hang out and skate.
4	They offer great birthday party package.  Both of my kids had a birthday party here at least once and they enjoyed their time.Easy to book party package online, and they will call you to confirm when it gets close.On the day of party, they have a staff waiting by the entrance with a push cart. Each guest can check in with her/him and drop off a present with them, so you don't have to walk around with a birthday present. A party package include rental skate and short lesson by a staff. Kids enjoy their lesson and they are on their own after that. For a beginner, $3 skate trainer is helpful. A birthday kid gets to ride a Zamboni, and they are a center of attention. Both of my kids really enjoyed riding.A party is set up very nicely as well. Two staff assigned to our party coordinated a whole event including pizza serving and present opening. Nice to be able to sit down at my own child's birthday party.Great way to have a birthday party. Open a year around, hot or cold. It's always the same temperature inside.I recommend mentioning on the invitation card to bring gloves, socks, and warm jackets. They do sell at a gift shop if they forget to bring their own.
1	Awful!  Just awful!  I thought this place was open to the public 24/7 but alas!  Yelp has failed to note this...drove all the way out for a romantic evening and it was crushed by lack of communication on when the "hockey jocks" ruled the rinks.
1	I decided to go to the "holiday skate" public session at noon. I'm a figure skater and wanted to have some fun on the ice, no tricks, just something to loosen my muscles and have a good time. I expected plenty of kids and families, but nothing I can't navigate around. I arrived early to catch the good ice, however it was already complete snow. Did a couple rounds, but became irritated and a little frightened at the absolute madness. No staff was on the ice to keep at least some order to things. I figured during your busiest hour there's literally not one staff member to keep unsupervised children going in the right direction? Many loose items were on the rink,such as girls holding their purses while attempting to skate. Entire large families were holding hands on the rink, completely blocking the way...only to stop and take photos right in the middle of the ice. Groups of people were standing around oblivious to their surroundings, chatting and blocking the path.Skating here as a more advanced but considerate, SAFETY FIRST skater was impossible. Kids were falling all around me, and luckily I know how to navigate and stop before running them over (note that there was probably only 5 other skaters on the ice who knew how to skate so this is scary). Rentals were extremely dilapidated, and when I brought back a defective skate I was told in a condescending manner that I wasn't "lacing them right." Kind of scary for the next person to come along.I find their holiday/public skate to be *extremely dangerous*. Do not take your kids here, especially if they are weaker skaters or just learning. Save the medical bills and take them to AZ Ice in Peoria or Arcadia Ice, both much safer and fun environments for the little ones (and adults!)
