5	My boyfriend, a beer-brewing novice, and I stopped in here to pick up some supplies. The salespeople here are incredibly knowledgeable and friendly, and talked us through the whole process, leaving us with contact info and the assurance that we could call any time we needed help along the way. While I can't really speak to the fairness of the prices, I would for sure recommend a stop in here for anyone looking to learn more about the brewing process. They carry supplies for wine brewing as well.
5	My boyfriend enjoys brewing his own beer and the guys here are wonderful. They always have the supplies and if they don't they can recommend places to get them! Everyone is always very nice and knowledgeable!
5	If you are a homebrewer like myself, having a local place for supplies and knowledge is key. They recently expanded their Noblestown Rd location, and have double the stuff. If you are a wine maker, they have a great selection of wine making tools, supplies, and ingredients, and for the beer brewer, they have a great selection of commercial and in-house extract kits (try their Belgium Wit), grains, dry and liquid yeasts, bottles, caps, and every kind of accessory you can think of. If you've never brewed before, they have reasonably priced starter kits, as well as drafting systems and advanced supplies. The staff is very knowledgeable, although you may get the occasional "that's a dumb question look." The prices here are a little higher then buying online, but I think it's offsetted by convenience and not paying shipping and handling.I stumbled into their Country Wines location in the North Hills and found out something that you might find useful- that location has a bigger bottle selection, and they sell clean used bottles for $7.99 a case. Trust me; if you've ever needed used bottles, this is a cheap convenient way to get them. They do not do this at the South Hills location.
2	I really want to give this place a higher star rating but can't because frankly I have experienced much better in the terms of friendliness and service. This place definitely has everything you need for home wine and beer making but for the most part I feel a store like this should have friendly people working here that are ready and willing to answer your questions or at least when you are the only person in the store.......acknowledge you. I have been into this store numerous times and have the impression that everyone in here is sort of pissed off to be here. I'm fairly new to home brewing (within the last year and half) and I have questions. This hobby has a lot of questions to be asked, don't act like such a pretentious elite home brewer that I am reluctant to ask my questions. On my last visit the young dude checking me out was literally prying a thank you from his lips. I don't want my ass to be kissed but come on, say hello, can I help you, or thank you have a nice day. I feel that they think that I have to buy products from them although I can easily buy anything that I buy from these guys, on-line. I'm all about keeping it local but if I wanted impersonal service I could order this stuff on-line.
5	Alrighty, I now officially feel sort of bad about my last review on this place, but it was indeed an honest review that was based on my few experiences at the time. Here is my updated review in which I have been into this store maybe three times in the past six months and the dude I have dealt with here has been generally very helpful. His knowledge and time that he took with me to figure out various equipment technical details to update my draft system was really appreciated. I also truly appreciated his honesty when he wasn't sure what the correct answer was on the grains I wanted to use for a recipe. I won't hold it against him that he isn't a fan of IPAs either. Another thing that I would like to mention is that their prices here are right in line if not better than most the popular online homebrew stores and you don't have to pay shipping. I am now back on their bandwagon.
3	This place is pretty good.  The staff is pretty knowledgeable and helpful depending on who is working.  They are priced competitively with online resources, but the product is readily available.What I do not like is that everything comes prepackaged.  My old HBS in Boston allowed us to measure out our grains and hops to meet the needs of the recipe.As I get to know the place better I am sure I will give some better reviews.
