1	This is the WORST RV company we have ever rented from! They tell you a quote on the phone then add 4% to cover their credit card merchant fee if you choose (like 99% of people in 2013 would) to use a credit or debit card. Then they say the gas tank will be full; it wasn't. The list goes on & on but we went back after we returned to confirm they I elected the RV & everything was good. They said it was fine & then charged my card an additional $90!! If you absolutely MUST use this shady company, USE CASH so they can't keep taking your money!! They can't be trusted!! D- ON THE BBB WEBSITE!!
5	I rented a Class A motorhome from them a couple weeks ago and I must say it was one of the best rental experiences we have had.  This will be the 3rd time I have rented an RV, and I have to say they are the best we have dealt with in the business.  From start to finish everything went really smooth.  Really reassuring when traveling from Portland Oregon to Phoenix Arizona to rent an RV.   I plan on renting another one next year from them as well.  Thanks again and keep up the good work.
1	My first experience with Going Places RV was great. For a year I sent this company more business and referrals than they could possibly imagine because they took care of me after another company (backroads rv) lied and attempted to screwed me. This year, with changes made to the business, it was ALL down hill.  I am a firm believer that you have to strike when the iron is hot, and play the supply and demand game. But when you start charging DOUBLE your normal rates when special events are in town (Nascar, Country Thunder, etc). Shame on you and It's time to Boycott. Do yourself a favor. Save your money find another company.
1	I rented a trailer based off of their description they gave me. It was horribly misrepresented. Upon delivery the company did not empty the dirty water tank! After half a day of being in the trailer with out using excessive amount of water, the "bath" square over flowed. The owner Renae was severely rude and unhelpful! After me and my newborn baby had to leave and check into a hotel She refused to refund the remaining amount because we signed a "contract". There was no empathy for scamming us and setting us up. Not only did she said "I don't care about losing you as a customer" she also said "there's nothing you can do because you signed a contract". She's right, we signed a contract, but we CAN DO and ask other potential clients/ customers to do what's right by boycotting this scam.
1	If I could give this company 0 stars I would. They rent substandard RVs complete with half full gray water tanks. I guess that stands to reason when the gas tank was barely half full... The queen bed was a joke, most of it hanging off the platform so not even 1 person could sleep comfortably, let alone 2. When I called to complain all I got was attitude from the owner (manager?) Renae. Stay away from this place. Spend your money elsewhere.
5	In the course of business we have rented several RV's for events from Mrs. Cannon and Going Places RV.  The customer service and experiences during all phases was excellent. I was very surprised to see any negative reviews as I have had several dealings  and communications with this business- all positive.  I won't rent any place else and highly recommend this business for your needs. R. Cannon is awesome and really goes above and beyond to get the job done!
