3	I'm not gonna lie...I was reluctant to try this self serve frozen yogurt joint out after hearing some not-so-great things through the grapevine. Yogurt Place standardly satisfactory even with the title- the usual plain and some fruity tarts, throw in some creamy flavors and a vast assortment of toppings for your liking, the yogurt itself- I think is better than jujiberri's (it doesn't melt as fast!) all for 35cents an ounce not bad at all. As the hot Arizona summer months anxiously await our arrival, Yogurt Place is a no fuss chill-out place that will cool your palate. Location is perfect up north 59th and right next to Midwestern U for all the overly stressed grad students. Yogurt Place, you've got yourself a keeper!
4	Maybe I was just excited to see a new Yogurt joint in the No Pho, maybe I was happy to see a rival for the so unexciting Desert Swirl franchise nearby, maybe I was hungry and headed for a hair appt .  maybe I was in severe withdrawal from my lack of Gelato,maybe I love peanut butter flavored froyo,  maybe it doesn't matter. New place , it has your typical  serve yourself style and flavors. It's clean , it's new and shiny bright.  .35 an ounce seemed reasonable .I wished they had a bigger variety of toppings , it seemed rather limited but maybe I am just mega creative or hungry.Please  stop by and check it out. It would be a shame to lose this place and be back to Desert Swirl or nothing.
4	Good froyo (not too icy and not too milky)Nutrition label provided for each flavor (although they can't tell you what is considered a serving size)Variety of toppingsCompetitive price (yogurtland is 30cents & juju berry in arrowhead area is 37cents)Spacious with inside and outside seatingCleanBUT, my mochi was stale today.
4	Stopped by with my girlfriends last night and it was the perfect treat for a warm night. I'm stilll a bigger fan of Yogurtland, but this place is a close second. They have a lot of flavors, I think I tried 5 of them, and plenty of toppings! I like that they had mochi, it's like having marshmallows in your froyo. It's 35 cents an ounce which is not bad at all (still slightly more than yogurtland which is 27 cents back home for me). I think we are going to try to come during happy hour on tuesdays because it's even cheaper =)
4	This place is super close to work for me so I come here often.  good frozen yogurt with a nice and slightly strange assortment of toppings.  I keep getting the peach smoothie it tastes like a good peach shake.
