5	After camera shopping all day we decided to stop in on our way home. The first thing I noticed was that even though the shop was small, they seemed to have a decent selection of hard to find supplies. And they still develop film :-). We were looking for a new camera for my wife's new business (jewelry design), and for general fun. We shopped at every big box store in the valley. And no one was particularly helpful. When we stopped in and explained what it was we needed, they were quick to offer a few suggestions. After narrowing it down to two possible options we decided on a Nikon P100. My wife was very hesitant to spend such a large sum of money. However the people we talked to did a very good job of easing her anxiety and guided us in the right direction. The service and help was excellent. The prices were good, and the support after the sale is fantastic. All their cameras come with a free hour lesson, and a manufactures extended warranty. They handle, and file all the paperwork. They also offer classes, that I believe are free. Overall I am very impressed with this service. And on my next purchase (hopefully a nice DSLR for fun) I will be going back. It's worth paying slightly more than a Sam's Club of Best Buy for the quality of service you receive. And when you factor in the extended warranty you actually come out a little ahead.
3	On my quest for a camera bag, Wilson was my first stop because of location.  Although they do carry cameras, lenses, and some accessories, selection is really limited.  The gal helping me was very nice and suggested I try their other location.  Unfortunately, I didn't see enough there to entice me to do that.Perhaps their bread and butter is the photo processing and portrait studio.  I believe they also do on-location photography as well.
5	Why the 5 star rating?Well, back when I was a BW Photography student, I would stop by here for supplies.They do have a limited selection, however, the reasons for my high rating are for what was behind the counter.Does anyone have the contact info for the pony tail guy?He and another male employee were my go to guys, they knew how to take a joke and even critiqued my finished mounted prints.I don't know who is there now, but how I miss those days.5 stars for back in the day!
1	Refused to book appointment for Digital Photography Workshop for Groupon customer. Have tried to book appointment for workshop 5 times and each time we get the runaround--anything from we're too busy to hold the class, not enough students to have the class, we're not booking anything right now call back in August, to we're not booking Groupon customers. The funny thing is that I even tested them to see if they just weren't booking at all or just not Groupon customers. As it turns out, when I wouldn't mention the Groupon, they had plenty of room and no problem booking! It's only when I mentioned the Groupon that it became an issue. They sold over 300 of these Groupons to users. I can't imagine that we are the only ones who have been denied the ability to use our Groupon. Very unprofessional and we do NOT recommend.
5	This is a good example of what a retail store should be.  Getting expertise with a purchase is worth spending more.  I don't know much about photography and wanted to make sure I spent my money wisely.  I narrowed down what I wanted by doing research before going to the store and this allowed me to have a good conversation with the store owner and staff.I bought a good DSLR camera, accessories, and will be going to the class with my wife for the training to learn how to use my camera.I believe the prevalance of do-it-yourself stores actually results in most of us doing it to ourselves.  These folks are making sure I get the most out of my camera.
5	I recently switched back to shooting film and needed a local processor to develop our medium format film.  We found exactly what we needed at Wilson Camera.  Great customer service and very knowledgable team.  My wife is a small business owner and understand how important customer service is.  I appreciate other local business that rise above for a new customer and stand out from the big chains.
1	I bought a Groupon and it was for a session today. I showed up on time and at the location per their website. I ran into another class participant and we walked around and could not find anyone.  She called the office and no one could tell her anything about the status of our workshop or the exact location.  After an exchange of about 6 calls someone drove up and told us we were at the wrong location.  After missing 30 minutes of the class, their lack of knowledge and professionalism was a HUGE red flag.   I called Groupon and got a refund. After reading reviews and going on their website I quickly understood this seems to be behavior indicative of this company.  DO NOT waste your money on a groupon with this company.
1	Ask yourself would you do business with a company that does the following:1) sends you an argumentative defensive email in response to posting your personal opinion on a blog- I am a consumer it is my right is it not??!!2) talk down to you in an email as if your uneducated and an IDIOT3) use phrases such as "come on" and after verbally assaulting you ask for your Yelp retraction and here's the kicker.....wait for it ....offer me a free complimentary session to see how FUN they are.My email was compliments of Misty at Wilson.  Now who wants a complimentary session after receiving a berating, nasty, ignorant email. NOT ME!! Not only will I not retract either of my statements I will tweet and FB how horrible the customer service is at Wilson Canera.  Thanks Misty!!!FYI I HAD to fill in one star to post but I give them -5
1	Really Misty- every negative review your defense is "not true, look for unfiltered reviews".  Seriously???!!!! You are a liar, I forwarded the "complimentary photo session" email you sent me and everyone I forwarded to was utterly appalled at not just what you wrote but how you wrote it.  Try TAKING ownership for YOUR actions I.e. your rude email.  I I could post the entire email I would.
5	We bought two cameras from Lauren. She knew we didn't live there, we were on vacation. She was patient and really went long on the set up and tips. Very engaging, this is our camera place when we are in Arizona!
5	I must admit, based on the reviews I was a bit nervous taking my photos there to be developed, but they seem to be one of the last 3 local, pro camera places left in Phoenix that develops pictures.  Walgreens, Walmart and Target are awful for pictures (I don't have a Costco membership), and I'm one of those weird people who still likes to have an actual photo instead of an electronic image.Wilson's was open on Saturday (Tempe Camera, get with the times, no weekend hours for photo developing?).  I dropped my pics off and they were ready by Tuesday.  4 x 7 glossy, just like I ordered, of my vacation pics.  The quality was superb!  Rivals Jones Photo in Tucson who I used for 30+ years until moving to Phoenix.  Wilson made good pics look even better.  Color and detail were great.Service both on Sat. and Tues. was very friendly and fast.  I'm no pro and can't tell you anything about their cameras, prices, classes... just their photo developing.  I'll definitely be back again!
5	Dropped off film to be developed on New Year's Eve at lunch time.  Got a voicemail an hour later that it was ready!  Once again the pics were exactly as I requested and great quality, far better than Walgreens or Target (never tried Costco).  Price is 39 cents a print for 4x6 glossy.  I'm highly satisfied again and will keep going back.  I keep my photos for a lifetime, so you might as well get them done right and Wilson Camera does!
1	Worst experience EVER!!! I ordered an item and was told it would take 7-10 business days... 30 days later i finally get a call saying my item has arrived... I was upset that no one could take the time to call me and explain to me that the item was gonna take longer than told to me! On top of that, they didnt even offer me a price break on the shipping (which was only $10 dollars, but it was the principle of the matter for me...) not to mention, this was my first visit to this company... upon browsing around and asking about certain items, on my list of things to get, i was told that they didnt have anything i was looking for and that I would have to order it... I will NEVER visit this store again nor will I suggest this store to any of my photographers on staff!!!! Worst EXPERIENCE EVER!!! Stay Away!!! You are better off taking the extra time to travel to Tempe Camera!!!I will say this, Lauren, the manager, was very polite and nice... Other than that, I would not recommend coming to Wilson Camera!!!!
