5	Coffee Bean is probably the best place to go to get coffee and tea, but it may not be for everyone. Some people prefer Starbucks but I prefer Coffee Bean. They have a wide selection of teas and might I add that they have one of the best Chai Tea Latte. Also, they have Red Velvet Hot Chocolate...yeah you heard right "Red Velvet Hot Coco!" It really does taste like drinking a cake without the frosting. Perfect for winter! No worries if your not a hot coco fan they have Red Velvet Ice Blended. Doesn't that just make your mouth water...
4	The moment I discovered caffeine was the same exact moment that I discovered and different type of emotion. And that emotion is AWAKE! It's hard to describe and find the words to best explain it, but taking sips and enjoying coffee and tea from this place is a start.  Everyone wants to feel that perk in the morning or even in the mid-afternoon slump when they're feeling a little tired!  I know I do. I was highly addicted to Starbucks, but man oh man, I love this place!I have officially fallen for the Coffe Bean & Tea Leaf because of one simple drink:                              JAPANESE CHERRY GREEN TEA LATTE!I yelped to see what everyone was suggesting and this drink was the most frequent. I really wish there were more Coffee Beans around the town, but sadly, there aren't enough.  At this particular Coffee Bean the service here is great and timely. Not a huge lag time so that's always good.  They also have art all over the store that's for sale.  This is the first encounter that I've had that sells art in their store that isn't directly owned or provided by the franchise itself.  How awesome is that?!  I walked in one day and saw that they have a small room with all the art inside (check the pics I posted earlier to see some of the art and artist's names).  The first time I came there were people inside so I decided not to go in.  I came back the second time and the door was wide open.  I ordered my drink and went inside and I'll tell you.  There's some pieces in there that totally blew my mind!UNLV holds an Open Mic Night there also (schedule is posted on the wall in the picture I took) so I thought that was pretty interesting!  Across the street, the University is just a walk away and convenient for students to use their free wi-fi when you purchase something from them.  Their bathrooms are clean which is a big "+" in my book!I get good vibes from the Coffee Bean here so I'm looking forward to the next trip!
4	What I like best about this place is if you go enough the staff remember your name and what you order. Plus they always have samples of drinks and pastries! They have a HUGE selection of drinks and all kinds of awesome tea lattes. They also have jalapeno cheese bagels, juices, and breakfast sandwiches. I actually advise against eating any of the food because if you look at the caloric content you will die. But it all tastes good. My favs are the no-sugar-added vanilla latte and chai tea latte. You can get a large regular coffee for $2.22 including tax. Everyone is really friendly and you can pick up issues of local magazines to take back to your desk for when you don't feel like working. They offer gift cards for as little as $5 and have cute little gifts. The carmel ice blendeds are quite addicting as well.
5	I have been going to this location for almost three years now, as it is literally next door to my office. As Candace mentions in her review, they know our names and know what we are going to order when we walk through the door. I have always enjoyed the Caramel Ice Blended drinks, but have tried other things as well. The tea lattes are good, and the various ice blended flavors are great! I like that Coffee Bean uses powder in their drinks versus syrup like Starbucks. I feel that this makes a smoother drink. The food is also good. I have tried the various scones, muffins, and especially love the jalapeno cheese bagel. They can also put egg and cheese on a bagel of your choice, which tastes GREAT. All in all, I highly recommend The Coffee Bean. Starbucks just doesn't compare. Barb and her staff do an exceptional job there!
5	I love the quad vanilla americano!
5	Im a a HUGE tea fan so this place is tops for me! I Love their iced vanilla tea latte.. Its tasty.. its vanilla-y.. its delicious !They have a large variety of teas from bagged to loose to oolong and green. The location is GREAT because its soooo close to the freeway and allows me come and go quickly.. As much as I love Starbucks this place for me is better.. but i'm a tea girl.. what can I say !!
4	They some of the best coffee and tea available. I was told about this business by a friend who gave me a gift card. I have never tried them before then. I was happy with the product and selections and have been a regular customer ever since. They are highly recommended by me.
5	I'm very picky when it comes to customer service and I have yet to be to this location and not have impeccable service, and to top it off, I always go through the drive-thru! Almost every time I get the same associate, who I believe's name start with a K or a C, it may be Kristine or Christina, not sure, but she is on top of her game. She's always suggestive selling and she never forgets to tell you to have a great weekend or day. She always has a smile on her face even though its early in the morning. Not to mention incredible service from this coffee bean, but I've never had one drink that was made improperly and always to perfection. I refuse to go anywhere BUT this coffee bean, great job guys!
5	A Coffee Bean is a Coffee Bean as far as the coffee and tea are concerned.  It is always the same with the great quality that I would expect.  They have a wide variety of teas which I love.  HOWEVER...  I have to tell you...  I stop there almost every morning on my way to work for a 32oz Cherry Green Tea and the customer service is AMAZING!  Thanks for making a great start to my day!  You guys ROCK!  Kudos to you!!  :)
5	CB&TL coffees and teas are very good quality.  The new one I tried Love the blueberry pomegranate tea latte with No Sugar Added (NSA) was very delightful, ordered it extra hot, as I only drink hot beverages.  This really rocked, bursting with flavor!  The egg and cheese bagel on wheat was quite delicious, the bagel very fresh.  Their prices are reasonable, and this locations drive through very efficient and very friendly, as all their locations seem to be!
4	Came here for a change from the Bucks. Had the iced dark chocolate mocha...oh my.... Spouse had a hot chai latte, also amazing (though I'd still wrestle him to the ground for even looking at my mocha!)Loved the outdoor seating, relatively quiet atmosphere, and personal service.
3	Gotta have the blended, it's so F in good.
3	Coffee Bean is obviously doing something right. They have been brewing coffee since 1963.  In 2012 Coffee Bean continues to brew good coffee. In my opinion, Coffee Bean shines at their powder based beverages. Unless their menu very recently changed, syrup is nonexistent at Coffee Bean. When I order a drip coffee in Coffee Bean, I add either mocha or dark mocha powder to the beverage. When I drink it, I could see why Coffee Bean has been brewing coffee since 1963. My favorite Coffee Bean beverages are the powder based ice blended drinks. Their Black Forest and Hazlenut ice blended drinks taste like drinking a shake with the benefits of caffeine. The ice blended drinks are $$$, so I drink them if I am up for a tasty treat or if I have a cupoun for a free beverage.   Regardless that Coffee Bean has been brewing coffee since 1963; in 2012 this location mirrors the flaws of other locations. The prices are high. The tables are too small and low. I am short, and after minutes of writing, my back felt the effect of constant bending. The tables are too small to lay down a notebook and coffee with some space. Forget about a laptop and coffee with some space. The hours of operation need to be expanded. And closing shop at 8 P.M. on a Saturday night is rediculous.   Nearing its 60th Anniversary Coffee Bean is overall a good coffee shop. I support good coffee shops.
4	Went there for a mid-morning pick-me-up. Prices are about Starbucks-level. Maybe 50 cents cheaper.Got a cafe latte (about $4) and a bear claw. The latte was decent. The bear claw was glorious; it's covered in toasted sliced almonds and it has little pockets of cinnamon sugar in it. Ask them to heat it up for you. The Wi-Fi isn't open, they give you a code for each device when you make a purchase. The tables are a bit small, so I am not sure if I would be able to get much work done there. Good for a coffee and snack, though. The fire pit outside is a great touch.
4	I've been here a couple of times and the service and coffee have been consistently good.  This past visit I bought a pound of Sumatra and French Roast.  I used my French Press for the Sumatra and it was very good.  Give these folks a try and don't forget to hang around the wood fire they have outside.
1	UGH!!! I hate to add such a bad review to a place I love. Usually Coffee Bean is awesome with their Barristas making delicious drinks. But today, I went into this particular location, and ordered a Vanilla Latte for me and a Mocha Latte for a friend. Both coffees having little to no taste besides a burnt bean flavor. then I took the lid off my coffee, and YUK! to my surprise there was this layer of what seems to be oil or some consistency, that just looked like melted butter.  $10 bucks down the drain, mind yo its not the money, just the disappointment of having a taste of something yummy, and getting crap. Very Disappointed, I still love Coffee Bean, but this literally left a bad taste in my mount. Sorry guys, get your act together. What hurts the most, is that there are only a few Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf locations here in the Valley, and then I run into this.
4	This is a very nice and clean coffee bean & tea leaf store,the staff was friendly and helpful, this one has a fire pit in the patio,a drive thru,and you can customized your drinks,we had Cinnamon rolls which they warm them up for us and was given to us in real plates with plastic fork and knife,she had some kind of tea (forgot the name) that was good I just had some naked OJ. will return when back in the area.
4	I usually make my own coffee, but I love coming here for thier teas.My favorite is the Cherry Blossom Green Tea Latte, it's really good iced, especially in the summer heat.Unfortunately, their refills are ridiculously overpriced.
1	Service today lacks...took a good 10 minutes for my iced drink....had only 2 of us in there and 3 employees....
5	I love this location because it has an open fire pit. Good place to chill and study. If I want time alone and a pick me upper i go to this place... Their drive through is pretty fast too. I love their ice blended drinks.
4	I love this Coffee Bean!  The baristas all know me and I know many of them.  The drinks are richer and tastier than most of what Starbucks offers.  They have a great variety too!  Check them out if you haven't!
5	Ahhhh Coffee Bean. It's my first love when it comes to coffee. Though I tend to visit other major coffee chains, I still try to go out of my way to visit this coffee bean weekly. This location can get a bit hectic during the day but overall it's very convenient. Coffee Bean has perfected the flavors in almost every drink I've tried. The ice blended drinks are currently my favorite though the variety of tea is uh-maze-ing! I also favor this location because there is a comfy fire pit outside on a small but private patio. There is also a drive-thru for convenience. The staff always seems friendly yet their speed for producing orders varies day to day.
1	Today just was not a good day for Coffee Bean. The lady didn't let us finish ordering and my husband had to ask her if we could add another drink since she didn't ask if we wanted anything else. She repeated the order and got it wrong. My husband corrected it and then when we got to the window, she still got our daughters drink wrong. Ugh! Luckily my daughter is a trooper and just kept her wrong drink. But to end it, all of our drinks were completely watery. Ya'll sucked today!
5	I've been a customer of The Coffee Bean For years, A Limo driver Turned me on to this Coffee Place in L.A..This is my Favorite Coffee place.They make my Vanilla Latte  just the way I like it.Starbucks has nothing on The Coffee Bean.I recommend this place to everyone!
5	What Iced coffee on day like today 55 degrees outside crazy idk but glad I did there Iced coffee has pellet ice witch is killer think shaved ice but more circular the drive thru is hard to see I must of missed the turn and had to drive around a business complex, they need to have a sign on the street advertising drive threw or I would of totally missed it and kept driving. Not burn't coffee really good stuff on par with woods coffee and big foot.
2	Beware of Nielson at the drive thru on Lake Mead and Tenaya. Check your receipt for your total to make sure that he isn't pocketing tips that weren't offered to him!
4	Good service but something is missing here, it seems like the workers are really unhappy here, and I understand that there's extra charges for wanting almond milk but geez, for a small matcha tea with almond milk is like $5.50... I can't get this kind of matcha latte anywhere else so I'm willing to pay that much, but I walk away upset at myself every single time lol...No complaints about this location other than the droopy employees!
4	I mostly utilize this place for their fantastic tea selection, though the coffee here is my favorite. Their tea lattes are my go to on school mornings. Great location with lots of selection.
3	Love TCB&TL. This location is ok. The staff is friendly enough but don't stop here if you have somewhere to be quickly. I have always experienced a long wait in the drive thru. I've even gone in, not much difference in wait time.
4	I like this coffee shop for their variety of flavors and promotional offers from time to time:). Prices are just a little more expensive than other popular companies:(.
4	I'm not a coffee drinker. I drink tea. So, I really love the variety of tea and tea latte options. I love that they use loose tea. I also love the fact that they aren't as "trendy" as Starbuck's. Their prices are less expensive than Starbuck's, though some might find them too expensive, still. The few times I do drink coffee, I'd rather patronize Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf. In this location, there's a firepit, which makes it a lovely place to hang out with friends who can enjoy any variety of hot or cold beverages they prefer. Anytime I'm in Vegas, I always make a stop to this location & have always had wonderful  experiences with my purchases and the staff. Overall, this is a great place.
