5	I've been taking my cars to Purcell for oil changes and check-up for a few years now and I recommend them to anyone in the area. These guys are really good about getting the work done quickly and at a fair price. I like being able to take my car to a place that doesn't try to upsell you at every opportunity or sell you services you don't need. Also, the last time I went in they were offering a discount program to Banner employees... I don't work there, but I thought it was a pretty good incentive for them!
1	Took my truck in for an oil leak, three times that day they called back, first needed a new tire, somehow ended up with 4 new tires, said my breaks were bad & the "bounce" test shows I needed new shocks. & Assured me, they sealed the oil leak, couple days later I noticed it is still leaking oil, took the truck back to them & their solution was to place a cookie sheet under my truck. $1600 & they did not fix what I originally took the truck in for. They will rip you off, lie to you & take advantage of you. Never again will I do any business with them.
1	I have used Purcells a few times, its close and convenient. I'm done after the most recent experience. I took my vehicle there for new tires and then took it back at replacement time. They put new tires on and I left for a weekend get away. Great, flat tire! A little shop in Pine fixed my tire, the valve stem was leaking. All the valve stem seals were old and dry rotted, something Purcells should have done with the new tires.  I called them and they said they don't replace them, that's extra. So, I took it to Community Tire at 51st and Cactus and they replaced them all for me and also showed me that Purcells damaged the bead on the tire when they put them on. Back to Purcells where they tell my son they always replace the valve stems..... Ok. Which is it?So, I'm done with Purcells. Community Tire treats me great, are honest and try to save me money and keep me safe. As a woman getting her vehicle serviced, it's important to me to feel that I'm being treated fairly with honest advice from the professionals.
1	Felt very taken advantage of. I can save almost $500 by towing to another place. All they wanted was for me to get a credit card with them. Felt used, not helped.
1	Having car problems is already bad enough. Labor was expensive but expected for a franchise. Customer service on the other hand was awful.
