4	Love this location.  Over the past year, I've rented a car from them 4 times.  Each time, they picked me up and dropped me off at my house...no charge.  2 of the 4 rentals, I received a complimentary upgrade and got to drive a new Chevy SUV, which made our family road trip memorable.The employees here are friendly.  After the 2nd rental, they knew me by name.  That's what customer service is all about.Return Factor - 100%
1	FILTHY,FILTHY RENTAL CARS..They advertised as smoke-free,but the it smells like a Chimney!,I exchanged it for another car,they gave me a Camry,that has stains all over the seats,dashboard are stained with dried liquid.They do NOT clean cars in between,that's what the lady at the desk said herself,that they do not clean their cars,if they they do not have the Staff or Personnel to do it..Also,I accidentally left a shopping bag,filled with with newly purchased items in the trunk,when I called back to ask for it,they claim that they do not have it,and they loaned  the car I just returned,without checking/inspecting the car first,which I think is a BIG FAT LIE!!Do yourself a favor:DO NOT RENT CAR FROM THIS COMPANY.
1	I am sitting here in the lobby as I write this. I come in to pick up my rental car and the young lady at the counter is extremely rude. She started attacking me because I didn't have the proper paperwork. I didn't know I was supposed to bring it because the manager I spoke with told me he had it. Well... They lost it. Go figure... She then started huffing and puffing and being extremely rude. I asked her to stop because she was making me totally uncomfortable. She still didn't. Then the lady got on her cell phone right in front of me and started making comments about me as a customer to her friends. Really professional! I have to use their service because my car is being fixed from the dealership, and they are paying for it. I had someone from the dealership come down to take care of the issue since the lady at the desk would not stop being rude. I couldn't take it. I love Jim Marsh Kia... But Hertz is ridiculous. Please do not use this office their customer service and management skills are horrible. Worst then Walmart.
1	Dirty, dank, stinky cars.  One pretty good customer service rep working tonight, one really bad one.The girl at the counter is rude, huffy, rolls her eyes at me, attempts to argue with me.  Almost comedic in nature.Aside from the foolishness of the one cranky agent who should be replaced, the cars are dirty- very dirty, and they smell.  The experience I had today does not fit into the Hertz brand image nor does it reflect well on the businesses that refer to this location. This place needs to get secret shopped badly.I forgot to mention the tag on my rental car is expired as of June 2014.  So, yea, no one is taking care of the cars, expired tags plus dirty cars makes me sure no one is paying attention.
