2	I am a landlord that sent this company out to service my rental.  My renters advised me that the guy who went out was not nice to them and had the attitude of why the heck am I here. I chose this company because its a family owned business. They did service the AC as promised, but I will not use them again. I did call them today to get the receipt and also noted to them that whoever came out to service the AC was not nice to my renters- I was advised that it was the owner- shocked that it was the owner himself that was not nice- as said before, I will not use them again.
1	Very rude lady on the phone. I cannot review how well they repair due to the bad customer service, I was never able to schedule an appointment. I called to get a quote and she refused unless I had a diagnostic even though I already had one and just needed to know if they have the part and how much it would be to install. When I was trying to explain to her my situation, she said thank you and hung up on me before I could ask any questions. It was so mean and frustrating, I figured she could be a little sympathetic to my situation seeing as how my house is 107 degrees and my air has been off for a week, but I guess not. She did not even ask if I wanted to schedule an appointment.
5	Called these guys out to check and service my a/c. Skeptical as always I figured I would need a few quotes to make sure that whatever they say is wrong that is would be the problem. However...The guy came out, he arrived at the earliest time of the window and was very professional. After all said and done he said my a/c was fine, a some years left in it since it is original equipment for an old house. I asked him about future plans for additions to the home and issues with added rooms for cooling and he was very informative...did not try to upsell me on anything. Did his job and left. Overall experience: Excellent and I would recommend and use again.
1	While out of town on business one of my air conditioning units went out. My daughter called Chandler Air out and told them we had 2 units not working. My daughter was not aware that we have a zone system so 1 unit carries 2 thermostats. They found a blown compressor and they told my daughter that the unit was out of warranty and the complete unit would need to be replaced. They inspected my two other units and informed my daughter that one of the other units was locked up and would also need replacing, again out of warranty. Now this unit had been working up until they inspected it. Coincidental that 2 units would go out at once, but she had told them that 2 units were not working, so they found 2. They were very nice and made her a deal to have it all done by Saturday before I got home and that they cut her a "deal" for $4700.Upon my return I inspected the units. The one that miraculously broke down when they were there only needed the actuator replaced , $200. And the unit with the blown compressor still had 5 years. TRANE replaced the compressor free of charge. And with labor and parts from a more reputable company I only spent another $1500. So my total out of pocket was $1700.00 and I have cold air again.They didn't use a gun but they attempted to overcharge me $3000.00. Very frustrating and I wonder how many unsuspecting trusting people have been duped by them.The news service "3 On Your Side" came out with a glowing report on how fair and honest they were. When I call them and give my report they might want to revisit their view. I also plan on alerting the State department with whom they have a license through.
5	Great low cost company.  Impressed with their honesty and the sense of pride from their workers.  Client for life.
