5	Charlie did a wonderful job preparing our income taxes this year. We were referred here by my mother, who has been using their services for years.This is a family run business, with Charlie and his Daughter working as the preparers. Very satisfied overall with both the quality of the work, and the speed with which it was done. The personalized service we received as well was more than satisfactory!
5	Tired of paying the high fees, unprofessional & your business being heard by others atmosphere, at H&R Block, I decided to look online for a different preparer. I liked the idea of a family operated business. I'm sooo glad I did. I found Advantage Taxes.The staff was warm and friendly on the phone as well in the well maintained office. Met with Charlie, the owner and tax preparer, who took me back to a private office, that made me feel comfortable and safe. He was more thorough and knowlegable than the others.  All this and he did it for less than half of what the others did! We will be having Advantage do our taxes from now on:)
5	Katherine has done our taxes and has given us financial advice for the last 10 years....she is always honest with us and has the utmost integrity.  We have not hesitated to recommend her to our friends or family!!!  Here's to another 10 years!
5	Kathy is by far one of the best in her field. She exceeded my expectations and conducted herself courteously and professionally. I have worked with a handful of accountants throughout the years and she without questions ranks at the top of the chute. Much appreciation.
5	Advantage Tax is the best place in Vegas. I have been going to Charlie for at least 10 years. Charlie and his daughter Kathy are tax experts. They can help with anything. I have never had any problems with the IRS and Charlie will work with you on any problem you have. If you want your taxes done right, this is the place to go. They will welcome you as family and you will never go anywhere else.
5	I've been using Advantage Income tax for as long as I can remember. Kathy is wonderful to work with and very laid back and upfront about my finances. She's given me some great advice and I value her honesty. The office staff here are all very friendly as well. There are always refreshments available for anyone that has to wait. The other day they had fresh baked cookies even. It's nice to have a pleasant experience even if it has to do with taxes!
5	Kathy is absolutely fantastic.  I have a complicated tax problem and instead of leaving crying she made me feel much much better.  Didn't have to sit there and watch her prepare the tax return, everything will be ready in a day and a half.  Made what I anticipated to be very stressful situation actually relatively stress-free.  Well worth anything she wanted to charge me. Still very competitively priced. Absolutely will recommend everyone I know to see her.   Thank you a Thousand times!!!!!
