2	We've really enjoyed food I've had here - specifically the fresh peaches & cream hotcakes and the grits!  However, the small cafe charm ends there as the service has been very poor 3 of the 4 times we've been there.  We've basically stopped going as it was just too frustrating.
4	Nice service, decent price, very good food ! Gotta love the well run family resturants, they have a personal feel to them.
5	This place really is a gem, tucked away on Main Street in Sharpsburg, Pa.My two experiences have both been with brunch, but let me tell you.....each time it has been unbelievably tasty! I have ordered their steaks and eggs which is out of this world. My table had eggs benedict, and some other egg dishes which were all greatly enjoyed as well. Not to mention you get a free mimosa with your meal!What makes the place even better is the atmosphere and service. Both are outstanding! Can't wait to come back.
5	We found Cafe on Main through a serendipitous drive. It was a great find! The omelets are amazing, and a complimentary mimosa was very welcomed.Our server Marshall took great care of us.  We plan several return visits, despite a half hour drive.
4	Yummy food at a great price!I walked into this restaurant with really no expectations.   The menu had a some interesting options for breakfast.   My waitress was extremely friendly and made sure to introduce me to the owner.    I felt very welcome.There was a line but was seated pretty quickly in this cafe setting.I ordered the German omelet with Potato Pancake.  The german omelet was a corned beef and kraut.  The mix was surprisingly very good.The potato cakes were not great - after tasting the omelet - I had higher expectations.    The sour cream and applesauce provided me a oktoberfest memory that made me long for a stein of beer.Though I was full and my big boy pants were stretch to capacity - I did order one apple spice pancake.   WARNING - THE BELOW COMMENTS WILL MAKE YOU IMMENDIATELY HUNGRY AND LONG FOR A STACK OF PANCAKES ...Okay - maybe the above commen is over the top but the cake went down so fast - there are no pictures.   Maybe it did not even exist but oh boy - was it good.   I believe they sautee paper thin sliced apples in butter seasoned in cinnamon.  After the apples are softened, they pour their pancake batter.   The pancakes are thin.Summary:Atmosphere - nice - 12-15 tables in a small room.  You are pretty close to your neighbors but still a nice atmosphere.Service - Great / Super / Friendly - My waitress made me feel welcome and ensured my food was hot and coffee plentiful.Price - $9-$13 - I did order a pancake with my breakfastAll was awesome and I cannot wait to go back!
5	Had breakfast there today and it was fantastic. Great Food with unique selection of omelets, nice portions, wonderful service, friendly staff, not too loud (but it was full), plenty of parking on the weekend. I have found the best spot for breakfast without paying a lot for a fancy brunch. I would go back there anytime.
5	the food is amazing. truly. the breakfast options are standard fare with inventive twists: why, yes, i would like brie with my eggs and peaches with my pancakes. my friend and i *had to* order the stuffed french toast as a brunch appetizer bc there were just too many extraordinary things from which to choose. her friend potatoes were the best i've ever had. the waitress was friendly and attentive. if i lived closer i would definitely be a regular!
5	I've been to Cafe On Main twice now and I just keep wanting to go back.  When you walk in and see that the specials board is as long as the menu, how can you decide?  Part of me wants to go back every day just to see what new items are being offered....but then again, part of me is afraid to because it all sounds so good.I've selected the Eggs Benedict special both times.  The ingredients are fresh and delicious, and you can tell that great care and thought has gone in to each dish.  The home fries were some of the best around.Most recently I was there on a late Sunday morning.  Imagine my joyful surprise in learning that a complimentary mimosa came with my menu selection that day!  As if the fantastic food and great service weren't enough.  I can't wait to go back.  Drool creeps down my chin just thinking about it...
5	Excellent Eggs Benny! This place is family run and the have specials everyday. The free mimosa was a nice bonus as well (I believe this is only on Sundays). My husband had a chorizo omelet that was made perfectly. We also loved the hotcakes! We got there at 8:30 (also a nice bonus that they open early on weekends) and parking is free and easy. It was so much fun to find a new breakfast place --I love Pamela's, but it was fun to switch it up and visit cute Sharpsburg. They are located really close to Bona Terra (another gem that I'd like to try).
5	We went to Pittsburgh this summer for a few days to visit relatives, and we found this breakfast place.  We loved it so much that we went back every day we were in town.  Excellent food, great service, and an all around great time.
5	Awesome Spanish omelet and the bacon is unbelievable!  Chef greeted us at the door when they opened and the wait staff is really friendly and efficient.  I'm coming here every time I come to Pittsburgh and you should too!
1	I was super disappointed by this place.  We got there and there were plenty of 4 top tables available, but since we were a table of 5 and their 6 top tables were taken we had to wait.  Even though they could have easily pushed 2 of the 4 top tables together.  I understand they'd rather not waste a 2nd table, but there were 4 or 5 empty tables, so it didn't make a lot of sense (and there were still empty tables when we left).  They finally squeezed all 5 of us onto a 4 top, which was fine, but sort of awkward.  Following this, they didn't take our order for more than 15 minutes, even though they really weren't very busy.  These were both mildly annoying and I wouldn't have thought anything more about it, but the worst part is that they included the gratuity and made it a presumptuous 20%, which was sort of the end for me.  I'd been there once before with a party of 6 and they did not include the gratuity then (which is usually the minimum for when they'll include gratuity, but is still traditionally only 18%).  I think they assumed we were unhappy and wanted to make sure they still got a tip (which we would have, but the whole point of a tip is for service.  Had I known you could just add your own, I would have done that a lot more when I was a waitress).  I just thought the entire visit was rude and left a bad taste in my mouth.  They made a point of saying "please come back again" when they gave us our check, but frankly I'm not sure why I would.  The food was good, but then there are plenty of other breakfast places with good food that have far better and friendlier service.
3	Good food and fine people.  There breakfast is awesome, but their catering could be better.  I was very happy with the food, but my family was rather disappointed.  Go there for breakfast first and explore from there.
3	Used to love this place, and went almost every week. About two months ago the service got really slow on weekends. There would be a huge line and open tables, but the tables took 20-30 minutes to get bussed. For a small place, that needs to be taken care of a lot quicker.  The food also went down hill. One time, both of our orders had 2 cold potato pancakes and 2 warm ones. The eggs Benedict specials were always my favorite, until the eggs started to be cooked poorly. Last week I actually got sick after. I would still go there for pancakes and scrambled eggs, but nothing else. The people are super nice, but too slow and too few staff on weekends.
2	Service sucked. Manager too busy with cross word puzzle. Food has been better. Omelet was dry.
4	This little spot is very accommodating and friendly. The host was very friendly and helped suit us with a table right away. Even though there was a line we managed to be seated in only 10 minutes. I'm sure the group behind us wasn't to thrilled to see us seated before them but there was only 2 of us and 4 of them so the larger tables were limited. There was a small dining area when you first walk in . Only 3 tables mostly for 2 guest. The one we sat at could seat three but after order our food and beverages there was no more room on the tables. We ordered our breakfast in a timely manner. I took notice in the corn beef hash special. It came with the hash, sunny side eggs, and toasted ciabatta with grits. At only $9.00 i was very happy with the meal. My hubby ordered the Mediterranean omelette that also came with ciabatta and he ordered potato pancakes. Everything was delicious. The bread was perfectly toasted, the hash  was so delicious and not greasy, the grits had lots of flavor and weren't over cooked or dry. I LOVED IT!! the omelette had kalmata olives in it that made this dish burst with flavor and it was a pretty big omelette. The main seating area only had about 9 tables so it's a pretty small place. But, the one thing i love about small places is the attentiveness that the servers have for you. They came back to the table frequently to make sure we were enjoying our selves and they even offered us complimentary mimosa's. i couldn't turn down that offer. I especially enjoyed how the host came and sat at our table telling us stories from his past while also boasting about the great eats this place had to offer. He was about 70 and so generous to sit and talk with us about his restaurant. We loved the conversation and would definitely return again for sunday brunch. I only wish that this place would stay open a little later but given it's location i guess business would suffer more than succeed.
2	food-average at best ,wife had pancakes-dry and chewy,I had a chicken sandwich-atleast 2 day old ciabatta roll and loads of olive oil dressing in the sandwich.say whattt??saving grace-fries! That speaks for itself. service-POOR.we stood 15 mins to be seated while atleast 7-8 tables were empty.the server (who was doubling, tripling as other roles) chose to clean the tables before leading us to our table, which by the way didn't need clean up.Absent minded or plain insensitive? We almost left because of the server's attitude.
5	Great food and nice atmosphere.  The wait staff is very nice and take care of you. The pancakes and sausages are awesome.
5	This is a hidden gem. I would recommend you get here a little early because the place is small, but if you have to wait a little it is worth it. Priced very fair and the menu is great, not overloaded with too many items. Give it a try you will be pleased.
3	Went here for Sunday brunch about a week ago. The food was pretty good but the service was a quite slow. We waited about fifteen minutes just to order. For what it is, I think it's a bit overpriced. I probably won't return.
5	I'm not even a Pittsburgh native, and plan to move back to Philadelphia soon....but the thought of having to leave Cafe on Main makes my decision that much harder. I don't think I've ever liked a breakfast/cafe more. And trust me, breakfast food is definitely my thing. It's not only their fresh, huge, amazing omelets with the best cheeses and vegetable combos you could imagine. It's not there perfect breakfast potatoes or complimentary mimosas, or delicious ciabatta toast. It's not because it's one of the few breakfast places in Pittsburgh to serve Eggs Benedict, which is on my list oftop five favorite meals. Actually, those all definitely add to it. But really it's just one of those places that I don't think I'd ever mind waiting, or sitting by the door when the dining room is too full. It's got character and you can tell everyone who works there seems proud to, even if there a little stressed out from a Sunday crowd.
5	Unfamiliar with the Aspinwall area and not wanting to brave the brunch scene in the East End, I turned to Yelp to help guide me towards a close spot to get brunch. Perfection!This quickly became a weekly brunch spot and Gina even remembers my and my usual dining partner's names. The food is phenomenal every single time. You can't go wrong with any of it!!
2	I was disappointed with my visit to Cafe on Main.My husband's Belgian waffle was cooked to a crisp. It wasn't burnt, but it wasn't fluffy at all. I was hard and dry. It was supposed to be lemon poppy-seed flavored, but I couldn't taste it.I ordered the eggs benedict special, but without the meat, and with the eggs cooked so that they practically hard-boiled. My meal was delivered with meat on the sandwich, so I sent it back. When I finally did get my order, the eggs weren't cooked as well as I like. While not runny, they were still pretty gel-like. I know they probably rushed to get them out due to the mix-up, which I appreciate to a point, but...The hollandaise sauce wasn't impressive, either. It missed that tanginess that makes hollandaise sauce so irresistible. This was just bland yellow goo atop the egg.I did like the potato pancakes, but they were tiny. I left hungry and bored.The server was pleasant and prompt with refills, and the dining area was cute, but those small positives aren't enough to outweigh the fact that food was mostly boring and/or bad.
2	The Cafe on Main in Sharpsburg is often overlooked when Pittsburghers are pondering where to go for breakfast. I've always thought it was a shame that this place wasn't more popular as they serve a very good breakfast.  Their pancakes are flavorful and come with many options (blueberry, banana & chocolate hazelnut, choc chip & pecan, etc), their omelets are loaded with fixin's, they use a quality ciabatta bread for their breakfast sandwiches, their corned beef hash is outstanding, etc.  The only breakfast item that I would ding are their sausage links.  They look, taste, and have the texture of pre-made, pre-cooked, links that have been microwaved. In fact the sausage links seem like what you'd get at McDonalds. So, you're probably wondering why did I give them just 2 stars?  Well, I brought my brother, sister-in-law, & nephews in from out east and my mom & Dad in from the North Hills to enjoy a Father's Day brunch at the Cafe on Main.  My Dad arrived early and took a seat in their waiting area.  Dad gave an older "gentleman" who appeared to be running things (the owner?) his name and the size of our group and was curtly told "we don't seat you until everyone is here." My Dad clearly wasn't asking to be seated in the dining room yet - he had settled in on a chair in the waiting area. A few minutes later my Dad asked this "gentleman" if he could have a cup of coffee. The response? "I'm waiting on customers."  So I suppose an elderly man who has told you that a group of 7 will be eating at your establishment on Father's Day isn't a "customer"?   Our full group arrived and after waiting about 15 more minutes (Dad had patiently waited, with no beverage, over 45 min) , we were seated.   Our waitress was nice and helpful.  She would disappear for long stretches but we knew it was a busy day for them so we didn't get frustrated.  As various people finished eating she was quite prompt with clearing the table, which we appreciated. As our meal was winding down, I paid the check so that would be taken care of and we could leave as soon as everyone finished eating.  Given that it was a holiday and I could see how hard she was working while keeping a smile on her face, I left a 30% tip. So, it seems we have a delightful Dad's Day, right?  Well, almost.  Despite the fact that two people in our group were still eating, the "gentleman" who was running the show came over to our table and quite rudely told us that "people were waiting" and we needed to "move on out."  His tone was abrasive and there was not even a hint of courtesy.  Please keep in mind that we had waited to be seated too, once we were seated the waitress did quickly ask for our order but when we asked for a "few more minutes" we ended up waiting almost 15 to get her back to the table. The food was also slow to come out.  What I'm saying is that we weren't dilly-dallying and holding up progress. We were at the table a good 30 minutes with no food.  We had been at the table about 1 hr and 15 min when the "gentleman" essentially kicked us out. About 40% of that time was waiting on his restaurant to serve us. Two of us were still eating when he asked us to leave!   I understand that small restaurants need a turnover but there's a polite way to encourage your guests to finish up and there's this "gentleman's" way.  Both my brother and father, the two we were celebrating today, were disgusted by this "gentleman's" behavior and told me that they would never come back here.  A lovely meal ruined by a crabby ol' man with a sharp tounge.
5	I jogged by here many times, and hadn't a clue about what was inside.  I took my family for breakfast today based on reviews I read here.  As mentioned, it is very small.  We had to wait a bit, but it was completely worth it.  For as simple as it appears from the outside, it has a great decor inside.  The food was fantastic!  My daughter loved the blueberry pancakes.  My wife and I both got omlets, and they were perfect in every way.  I don't know how they made the home fries as good as they were, but the did.  There are more unique omlets that I can't wait to try when I go back.
4	I especially love the italian omelette. Nutella and banana pancakes are delish. So they mix the banana with the pancake and cook it as such and generously drizzle Nutella on the top most pancake. Also the French toast is good but I was kind of sad I didn't see the Brie and peach option on the menu :(. It was good too. Even without he aforementioned. I haven't been able to walk since 3 hrs ago so hope you have good food coma pills handy. Try it out. I always do take out.
4	Adorable little brunch spot in the heart of main street Sharpsburg. It's decorated beautifully with charming garden decor that makes it feel incredibly homey. It is quite small inside (probably only 10 or so tables), so expect a bit of a wait on the weekends (they do turn tables over quickly though).The food was phenomenal. They had a huge list of specials chock full of seasonal ingredients, as well as a comprehensive regular menu. We each couldn't decide what to get, so we went splitsies -- among the two of us we ordered the peach and brie stuffed french toast, banana Nutella pancakes, and an order of home fries -- and we shared it all.  Everything we ate was divine. The french toast was made with thick bread that was cooked just enough to give it a lightly toasted outside while still remaining soft and tender inside. The brie cheese was velvety and mild and nicely complemented the spiced, succulent peaches. Yum x 1000! The banana Nutella pancakes were also heavenly -- soft and tender, spiked with real bananas throughout, and covered with tons and tons of Nutella. It was sweet and sinful and everything a good breakfast should be. And let's not forget the home fries. They consisted of chunks of beautifully seasoned red potatoes that were cooked to perfection so that they had a nice caramelization on top, but remained fluffy and tender inside. We left completely stuffed and satisfied, with motivation to do little else for the rest of the day but nap ;)Service was fast, friendly, and efficient. Our waiter was very attentive and even offered us a complimentary mimosa while we waited for our food. The owner's father chatted us up while we were waiting in line and after we were seated at our table. He was really friendly and seemed genuinely interested in getting to know us. That really added an adorable element of "mom-n-pop-ness" to this place. I do have to take off a star in this area though, because at one point he yelled a joke to us from across the room that contained an ethnic term that is outdated at best and at worst could have potentially offended someone. I know he wasn't trying to make anyone uncomfortable (I think it's probably a generational issue), but I'm taking off a star just because I think you have to be sensitive to that sort of thing.Overall though, we had a great meal in a great setting, so we'll definitely be back. This is an awesome alternative to some of the more well-known and overcrowded alternatives in the East End brunch scene.
4	We found this place using Yelp! We are always liking for options other than your typical chain restaurants around. Sometimes they are hard to find even In Your own backyard.Look no further than on Main Street in Sharpsburg! Located right off the bridge headed to route 28. We were looking for a place on our way to Pittsburgh Mills shopping center. Also it's an Easy entry back on to 28 after your done.Charming old building on Main Street provides for a comfortable setting inside. Specials listed on blackboard as you enter. They have some amazing offerings for breakfast. (See photos) With so many different options, you are certain to find one for everyone in your party. we choose the pancakes with bacon, dippy eggs with yummy spicy, but not too spicy sausage, and the amazing omelette filled with roasted red peppers, provolone cheese, asparagus and ham. everything was delicious! The omelette was amazing! The potatoes were seasoned perfectly! We now can't wait to now try lunch if we are nearby. Service was fast and efficient. They were not warm and fuzzy, but food was properly prepared and we never waited for refills. The only recommendation I could make would be to tell the servers to smile more! :) hence, the 4 instead of 5 rating.Summary: Do yourself a favor and break away from the chains and go here! Who wants to really wait for 1/2 hour or more to eat at Eat-n-park anyway???? We didn't even wait here, just sayin.
