4	Just to the left of Atria's on the Roberto Clemente Bridge side of PNC Park is where you'll find The Diamond Pizza. Not only do they have really good pizza, the cheese is especially good, but you can enter the park there as well. Never a line.  Friendly ticket taker and bag search person greet you at the door, scan your ticket and provide a program along with any promotional items for the game.Once inside, order by the slice, grab a beer if that's your pleasure and watch the game on either of the TVs before going to your seats. Another bonus, restrooms are just outside the restaurant as you enter the left field corridor. Like most pizza/sandwich shops, this one can be hopping. No frills in the service, mustard working folks trying to make good food for the money. And they do.
5	Pittsburgh has a lot of good Pizza places, Campitti's, Fiori's, Mineo's, Aielo's, Beto's, Vincents when it was good. But the Diamond at PNC park has my vote for the dark horse in Pittsburgh's pizza race. While expecting an eatery at PNC of park to be good let alone really good is surprising, because you don't go to Fenway just for the franks, but the Diamond is making me rethink that philosophy. I might come to PNC just for the Pizza at the Diamond. It's that good. The three meat or sicilian, which is bacon, pepperoni, and sausage is awesome. I wanted to heist the whole pizza and plow through it by myself in the corner. It was that good. Check it out jags -
3	My husband and I met here for lunch last week.  It was a great spot to grab a quick bite and enjoy each other's company.  We work on opposite sides of the river so this location is a good semi half way meeting point.Overall, not bad, but not great either.  For around $9, you get two slices of pizza and a beverage.  The price seemed a bit steep to me, especially considering there are plenty of cheaper options around.  I suppose when you factor in that people going to a game can get the pizza, the prices make a little more sense.  That being said, you do pay for speed and convenience.  The cheese and pepperoni pizza was tasty and the pepperoni was a little crisp just the way I like them.  The meat lovers left something to be desired.  It reminded me of the pizza you used to get in the school cafeteria that wasn't quite cooked all the way through.  The cheese wasn't quite all melted/blended and the dough still seemed a little raw.  This is not a slice I'd try again.In addition to the pizza options, they have various sandwiches and a daily special.  I'll probably try one of the sandwiches or a special on a future visit.Overall, a decent place for a quick lunch on the north side.
