3	My feelings are a bit mixed. They happened to come by the office and give 10-15min massages which I found to be super awesome gesture to offer their services but not sure I like their tactic. Let me explain...Well the girl I had was super nice & friendly, but in comparison to my past massages, she didn't really have a good pressure method. I explained to her I had a higher pain tolerance, and personally need pressure to have it feel relieving aka good- she explained to me that to have high pain tolerance wasn't good, and pressure isn't necessarily good.  Not saying the customer is always right, but I was seeing a chiropractor at one time after a car accident for about 6-9 months and the pressure was F'n amazing, so I beg to differ with her practice. So in regards to the tactic. After you're done with the massage they have you sit down with another individual who goes over the 'form' that you explain your issues that you checked, ya know the ones stating; neck pain, pinched nerves, low back pain, etc.I told her I really didn't have any problems or issues, it's just at random that the pulled muscle comes in here and there. She provided me with a voucher to come in for a free 20minute massage, free dr exam and free xrays. I wanted to decline the appointment bc to be quite frank I know how it works. They suck you in and advise you have a 'plethora of issues' and to correct these issues you need to commit to a series of appointments. I have a few friends whom do massage whom I trust to be in their hands and a regular monthly massage will be good for me. Not knocking the chiropractor at all, but the tactic seems to be a vicious cycle. Just saying.
5	I started getting adjusted in October 2009. I had neck pain from serving in a restaurant for years, as well as constant headaches and TMJD (jaw problems). I also had two stress fractures in my L4 and L5 vertabrae from playing soccer in high school. When I first went to Mountain Vista Chiropractic, I was very nervous. I had never been to a chiropractor before, so I didnt know what to expect. I was floored at the office and the staff. Dr Downs was amazing. Not only has the adjustments, physical therapy and massage helped me feel better overall, I can honestly say I have no headaches any more and my TMJD was gone by the end of the year. I will continually keep going back for preventative care and to see my favorite doctor.
4	I've been getting treated here since early January and really like the staff that works there. They have lots of flexibility for appointment times and onsite physical therapists to help work out any knots or kinks that might build up from slaving away in front of my computer all day. They also have a lot of different machines for various therapy methods depending on your ailments and lots of flexibility for payment plans.
5	Dr. Downs is the best Chiropractor I have ever been to, and his entire staff is great as well. I have a pretty active lifestyle and anytime I get aches, pains, or sports related injuries, the first thing I do is go see Dr. Downs. Without fail, he and his staff get me back to being pain free in a very short time, and also provide helpful tips, stretches, and information for avoiding those pains or injuries in the future. I also did allergy treatment there, and for the first time in my life am no longer dependent on daily allergy medications.
5	I have been going to see Dr. Downs for quite a while and my neck and back problems have improved immensely. I had a reverse spinal curve that has almost healed completely thanks to the adjustments, stretching machines, take home products, 8 minute massages, and now recently trigger point injections. I highly recommend Mountain Vista....Great customer service and great results!
5	Dr Downs and the whole staff at Mountain Vista have been exceptionally kind, friendly, professional & extremely knowledgeable. I've only been seeing Dr Downs for a couple of weeks but seriously, after the first meeting with him, I knew I made the right decision to see him. I always thought that there really wasn't much to chiropractic care but I was wrong! I was accustomed to feeling  "out of sorts", I figured, at my age, you're suppose to feel the aches and pains and to just  suck it upand get used to it. I kid you not, after the very first appointment, I woke up the next morning with NO ACHES & PAINS... I thought it was a fluke. It was not. I am on the road to feeling well and it makes me want to be more proactive in my health. After visiting with the staff, I am convinced that, if I want to be pain free and motivated to do & eat the right foods, Mountain Vista Health Center will steer me in the right direction.I am so happy my husband found this center & Dr. Downs. He's not JUST a Chiropractor, this center is a Wellness center. Thank you!
5	Dr downs and his team are amazing!! They worked with me and my personal needs to provide the best possible treatment.....and it has helped immensely!!
5	Dr. Downs and his staff really care about improving your health and it shows!!!  Great exercise equipment, message chairs, hand massages and adjustments!  Thanks to all the caring staff and to Dr. Downs!
5	The service here was great!  They had me in and out in no time and were so helpful.  I only had time for a hydro massage but going back next week for a real check up.  My co- worker went also and loved it and my step dad swears by them!  CHECK THEM OUT!
5	This place is amazing.  I have been going to Mountain Vista Health Center for about 6 months and haven't felt this good in 20 years..seriously!  I oringially started going after I injured my lower back.  Then for my allergies ( they give allergy tests), I am now getting injection therapy for Fibromyagia.  Everyone that works here is awesome, great staff!  I highly reccomend them, look on their website to see what else they can do to help you feel better.
5	I work in the same complex where the Center is located. My co-worker recommended I stop by the office for a quick 15 minute Hydro Massage to relax and decompress during my work day. Called just a few hours ahead and they had me booked to come in. Nice staff - I would recommend to anyone looking for a nice mini mental vacation with a small amount of time to spare!
5	Let me start by saying that I've had multiple adjustments from other chiropractors in my life, and Dr. Teames at Mountain Vista is completely different, in a good way. He takes the time to fully understand what is truly going wrong, as opposed to just throwing you on the table and cracking your back repeatedly.  He runs neurologic tests using his iPad and other things to asses what is wrong & then adjusts you accordingly (manual or with this pain-free gun thingy).  It totally works.I always walk out of there feeling 10x better and I wouldn't go anywhere else in the future for treatment.  The rest of the staff is really nice too.I HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMEND Mountain Vista and Dr. Teames.
5	Dr. Downs is legit. I'm an Olympic athlete so I won't let just any schmuck deal with my aches and pains. Great, friendly, and knowledgeable staff.
5	I feel so LUCKY to have found Mountain Vista!  Dr. Teames and Linda Tipton have helped me control my chronic migraine headaches and neck pain.   I have had migraine headaches for 20 years and severe neck pain with the migraines for about 4 years.They are the only ones that listened to me and really wanted to get to the source of the problem.  The entire staff at Mountain Vista is wonderful!  I really can't say enough, I actually feel good, for someone in pain everyday, that is everything!
4	Never been to a chiropractor before but am glad I tried one out first here. The chiropractic adjustment takes about 10-15mins. After that, the assistant taught me some stretches/exercises to complement the adjustment. So with a reasonable insurance co-pay this helped me over the few months I made appointments here.
