5	I LOVE THIS PUB. Victoria is far and away my favourite bar in Edinburgh (or Leith if you want to be picky) and is run by the same Scandinavian owners as Boda, Sophi's and Joseph Pearces (all excellent). My favourite aspect of this bar is the atmosphere. From the very first moment I walked in I felt at home. The interior is bright but cosy and there are plenty of comfy seats. They stock a wide variety of Gins and have an excellent range of beers (including my favourite Weinhenstaphen).I cant rate this bar highly enough - you should all go.
4	Umbrella's for lampshades?Crocodiles?Did I swallow petrol again?The staff are from another planet, such a good laugh and refreshing to see that some people still enjoy their job. The bar has one of the best selections of euro booze i've ever seen and you won't have to remortgage your house afford it.Unique is a way of putting it, bat shit crazy is another. No matter if its your taste or not, you won't forget your experience here.
5	I quite like this quirky pub. Definitely sets a different tone than the rest of the pubs of the area. I mean there is even a play area for kids. Apart from the ultra cool decoration it has quite an impressive bar- great whisky and even gin choices all at reasonably affordable prices.A highlight of a drinking spot!
4	This is a brilliant Leith Walk find, and a great option if you're in the area, and in the mood for something in between old school pub and super chic bar. The Victoria is stylish, but really comfortable and laid back, so you don't have to feel the need to get dolled up if you don't want to, as the bar is ideal for both a quiet drink, and as a pre going out dancing venue.The look here is very vintage-quirky, and I like that effort has clearly been made so that the bar has its own distinctive character and feel, and that it doesn't play it safe and ultimately, risk being boring, like a lot of other bars that are going for the same casual but stylish look.I saw a fashion show here a while back, and I really enjoyed the bar come catwalk experience. The bright decor, sparkly, glowing lighting, candles and cosy atmosphere of the bar made it a brilliant venue for a display of cool and edgy Motel clothing and other brands from Cockburn Street's Pie in the Sky and Cookie. The crowd here are friendly and down to earth, plus I had some amazing Swedish cider. There are a range of different and unusual beverages from various countries, so be adventurous if you venture in here.
4	Ecclectic, funky and a bit weird!! And thats just the staff :)Love this place when you want to go out but not out-out. Great selection of bottled beers and some good tunes make for a fun night out when you have a group of friends or even if theres just two of you.Garaunteed you end up in some very weird conversations if you stay near the bar for too long!!
5	on leith walk where the pubs can be...questionable, this is surely a gem of a bar! okay, so the seats aren't that comfy, but the decor is quirky and charming, which makes for a lovely place to chill out. i don't think i would come here for a full on night out, but it's a wonderful place to come for a drink or two and a solid catch up with some good friends. it's relatively expensive but then i think you pay for the ambience as well as your beverage. great bar, highly recommended.
4	Lovely place to hang out with friends, with good German beer (amongst other countries' delightful tastes) on draught.  Highly recommended for a change from the bustling Royal Mile.
5	Victoria feels home-made, in the best way possible. Hand-sewn together with mismatching fabrics to create a homely, comfy, adorable if slightly rough-around-the-edges bar in a very innocuous wee spot.As Danielle S has commented, Leith Walk can be home to some more questionable establishments. Victoria is almost at the bottom of Leith Walk, closer to the Leith end, so takes a wee walk to get to. But nestled on the corner is the most delightful, colourful, pretty, eclectic wee space with some of the comfiest couches, friendly staff, and general cool goings-on.Part of the Boda Bar pub (which include Boda, Sofi's and Joseph Pearce) it has the same vibe of a bit off-the-wall. Like that cool and quirky friend you have who goes to art college, and can pull of mustard coloured tights with their grandma's tweed skirt and a 60s nylon blouse, covered in sailor tattoos and a cute pixie bob. Loveable, feels like it might not work, you know you couldn't pull it off yourself (have you ever tried to buy different coloured cusions in a clash-so-bad it works way? doesn't happen) but somehow Victoria makes it work.The bar itself is relatively small, but they have lots of gin, different types of beers (fruity, wheaty, white), jars of snacks like wasabi peas. There's old bottles with roses on the tables. There's fairy lights. There's velvet couches, and lots of space up the back. When I was there they'd set up for a language cafe, with each table with a different language. People come along and chat in the languages and learn. Vicotria, and all the Boda bars, do lots of things like that. Film nights, jogging clubs. They're really about a great community of folk doing fun things too.My only gripe is it's so far away, and not really near anything else - but that's part of its charm. I can't wait for the next time I'm in the area. It's romantic, it's friendly, it's cosy, it's approachable, it's quirky, it's cool. I like.
4	I spent my honeymoon in Edinburgh. We met some local Yelpers for drinks before we all went out for dinner. After a long walk from the west end of Prince's St, we were ready for a drink. Our group of new friends had the couch area by the front door where we joined them with some of the largest pints I've ever had.It had a warm, cozy feelings with drippy candles, velvet cushions and twinkling lights. The volume of the fun music for perfect for group conversations.It was a lovely place. I'm sorry we didn't get to spend more time there.
4	I had a lovely time at Victoria's last night, with other Yelpers... It was my first Yelp event, so I felt the atmosphere was ideal for meeting new people, as it wasn't too loud and we had an area reserved for us at the back of the bar.It was a little hot though but certainly couldn't really complain about that on a dreich winter's evening!Most of the group had brought in burritos from Los Cardos next door, which did look amazing - and I think it was great they were allowed to eat them in the bar.I've been to Victoria's a few times before and I think it has a great ambience. Lovely lighting, comfy seating and a good selection of drinks. I particularly like d the Pie in the Sky dresses hung around the bar - which are all for sale In their shop on Cockburn street.On a final note, I loved the black boards in the toilets for you to write your own messages up on! Great fun! Will be back.
4	I have been a fan of Victora for many years now, so when I found out last nights Yelp event involved getting some grub and taking it to Victora for a drink and a chat I was very glad to hear it.Victoria has a relaxed atmosphere, with lots of mis-matched furniture and low lighting it has that quirky feel to it which is not what you would first expect for a bar on leith walk, but its that style that makes this place (and its sister bars) stand out from the crown.  The music is always a decent mix, and not too loud, so its ideal for a quiet pint and a chat rather than a full-on night out.  They have an excellent selection of drinks too, including some beers on tap that you don't see too often (such as Weissbier).For such a small bar, they manage to fit a lot of seating in by using everything, such as the window bays as seats and the back area is surprisingly large, plus they were nice enough to reserve us an area.Already looking forward to finding an excuse for my next trip down!
4	Fancy a night out without having to face the crowds up town?  Want a nice relaxed drink with friends in comfy surroundings and not anything too crazy?  Why not check out Victoria's bar on Leith Walk?This little gem is one of the best things about Leith.  The interior makes you feel like you're in a friend's living room.  The quaint, dim lighting is the perfect spot for a romantic night out or catching up with old friends.  This bar is very chilled and relaxed so if you want to go out and actually be able to hear and hold a conversation then its the perfect option.  They offer a selection of nuts to munch along with your drinks and sell some of the best beers from around the world.  Although you'll feel as comfortable as you do in your own living room, you'll notice a difference price wise as the drinks aren't cheap here!  Definitely worth it though especially compared to the other bars in Leith.  In here you're guarenteed no neds and the clientelle are mostly in their 20's / 30's.
5	When I am not in Sofi's I will be here - as the atmosphere is made for lounge-ing - I am so pleased that I have all this Swedishness footsteps from my house and I am certainly visit as much as I can. As Jenny explained - Part of the Boda Group - Sofi's / Boda / Victoria / Joseph Pearce  & Hemma. - all with their distinctive differences, but still Swedishly quirkiness and uniquness. Free wifi in this place you can curl up in a corner and loose yourself for a long time from the outside world. Or you can enter (book) in with 20 people and have a great party without causing to much of a stir for the locals that visit too. Many talents make for a cosy experience. My favourite drink here is Asahi - on the draft ! oh Yes. come in and visit these sparkling gems in the Edinburgh crown of pub/bar jewels! you will not be dissapointed.
5	This was an unexpected yet welcome find as reality dawned that my hamster-sized bladder (combined with a couple of lunchtime pints) wasn't going to get me back home from Leith without a pit-stop.  We found a table near the front door and settled in with a lovely pint of something cloudy and German and a pot of tea - some people don't do Saturday afternoon drinking! Everything about this place is relaxed so little wonder a quick rest stop turned into an extended stay.  We lost all sense of time and missed our cinema booking which I wasn't overly miserable about -some people don't do Saturday afternoon musicals!Bar staff great, decor great, other people in the pub great, beer super great....and toilets.  Can't say any better than that.
5	I love this bar! It's trendy and cool and stocks great booze - Swedish cider! It's ideal for a date venue, a casual place to meet friends or a place to show off to someone and be like "yeah, this is one of the best bars in Edinburgh and I totally know about it as I'm cool & hip!". If you want to start your night not too far away from town then this place is ideal! In my opinion, it's the best of the nearby bars owned by the same couple (Sofi's, Boda & Joseph Pearces) and has a fab DJ at the weekends. My only complaint is the music was a bit loud, however now I'm feeling old & crusty writing that... :(It also a fairy lights.... and you can't beat a good fairy light! :)
5	I like this place for the fact that I can be by myself in a really nice & cosy bar. During the day they are a small haven away from the busy Leith Walk. You can make yourself at home in a window seat, prop up some pillows and open a book (or Angry Birds..) and *voila* you are away. The places I frequent most often (like Sofi's, and Joseph Pearce) will always have people I know and things get sociable - it'll be rude not to. Not so here. I use this as my sanctuary, sure I see familiar faces, but I come here to be with myself and my thoughts (and that works most of the time). I manage to while away many hours. With a large selection of craft beers & whiskies I have no problem to select and enjoy my favourite tipple.
4	I like it here.  It's a nice cosy bar with plenty of seating areas to choose from of which are mismatched with different fabrics.  It's situated a street down from where i used to live (when I was 0-4yrs old - so can't remember much from these days).  it's colourful outside as well as inside too - so puts a nice vibe on the walk.  It's quite a walk down tho .. but it's worth it!
4	Definitely a hidden gem on leith walk & if I lived closer it's the sort of place I could happily call my regular. It's small but don't let that put you off. It stocks Idun's cider & has a great selection of gin on the shelves - I spied Caorunn & Edinburgh Gin - both favourites of mine. The bar staff are chatty & friendly & the place has a cool/hip vibe to it. There are large tables through at the back which are perfect for big groups.
3	Victoria came to the rescue the other night when we were meant to be 18 Yelpers on a mexican night but without the venue. We got take away and came here. Not all 18 came which was a bit of a relief as we wouldn't have all fitted in the section reserved for us due to there being another big table.I know it's all the rage to do that whole mismatched furniture/vintage thing and that's fine. Some places do it well and it adds to the charm, but for me, Victoria's just didn't quite pull off the cosiness I would expect. A solid 3 stars for me - we all had a great night, the Swedish cider which I've not seen elsewhere was tasty and it looks like there is also live music so it might be worth another visit at a later date.
5	Victoria needs no introduction. If you haven't been there before....well....its your fault really ;-) Victoria is a must.
5	This bar is one of my options for a 'local' and it is definitely in the running for one of my favorite bars in Leith. The space is super casual and funky and it was a very laid back environment, with some prime window seating or some more comfortable couch seating around the back. I was in on a Friday night and they had a DJ who wasn't too loud or annoying as some can tend to be if you are trying to chat while you drink. They carry a good range of drinks and to my delight, they stock an Australian beer called 'Little Creatures' that is really delicious on a warm afternoon. I am sure I have much more time to spend here, but like Joseph Pierce, it offers a home-y type feel, friendly staff, a casual environment and a nice relaxing place to take friends for a drink.
4	This is my second visit to Victoria and was for a Yelp event so obviously the atmosphere was great, but you could tell from the attitude of the bar staff that this is a great place to visit when there isn't a nice organised event (Thanks Jody B)The mulled cider is really something you should try with options of either Lingonberry or Pear - the former is my favourite and reminds me of visits to a certain Swedish furniture store where they serve meatballs. Victoria's is, of course, part of the group of Swedish themed bars around Edinburgh including Hemma, Sofi's and Joseph Pearce which is where the link becomes pertinent.Will definitely use this bar in the future as a meeting place when I'm around Leith Walk.
4	I love Victoria, especially during the winter months. The serve mulled Idun's Cider in teacups with a biscuit on the side. This is delicious and a perfect comfort for a chilly day.The staff are incredibly friendly and it's lovely and cosy inside. My only problem is that it can get very hot if there are a few people in there, I often walk past and the windows are running with condensation. That aside, this is the perfect place for weekend afternoon drinks :)
