5	Great & fun place to learn how to paint in a relaxing and friendly atmosphere. Went here last night on a date and I had a really great time. They have different sessions during the week with various instructors, so check their website on more specific information regarding the events. Staff is very friendly and so are the instructors, they are very patient and will teach you everything you need to know to complete your painting. All of the supplies are included.  You get to take your artwork home and they also take a class photo in the end. The cool thing about this place is that you don't have to follow the exact style of the given art piece. You can change things up and do things according to what you like while using the instructors example and knowledge as a tool to complete your own. I highly recommend this place, perfect for kids, dates, or if you just want to learn how to paint. The entire experience was surprisingly really fun for me. Check it out!
5	This is a very relaxing environment which allows you to explore your creative side.  If you'd like to have a glass of wine while they teach you how to paint, you can either bring your own libations or go next door to Grape Street and bring a glass back with you.  I am NOT an artist, but I brought home a pretty cool piece of art that is good enough to hang on my wall!  It's a great place to meet others, and a non-judgmental activity.  I had a great experience there!
5	Sooooooooooo fun!!!!!I went twice in two days with different groups of galpals and had an amazing time!  When you walk out of there, you won't believe what you have created; and this is coming from someone who has trouble drawing stick figures.The instructors tell you how to angle the brush, mix the colors to blend them, and how to add different textures to the painting.  They'll say, "Take your brush and go like this."  And then you do, and holy hell, look there's a tree I just made!!!All of the materials are provided and you get a discount on food and drinks if you go next door to Grape Street.Good to note: alcohol is NOT allowed in the studio anymore (bummer).  And BONUS, I mentioned it was my friend's birthday when I signed up and they had a Happy Birthday decoration on the table!
3	Their competetors charge the same amount for a three hour class versus the two hour classes they offer.  I have taken classes from two instructors there and really enjoyed one and disliked the other.  Because their classes only take two hours the paintings are much more simple then those offered by the competition.  A drawback for me, but maybe not for someone who wants a simple painting and only wants to devote two hours to a class.  I have been disappointed with the quality of their paintbrushes at two classes I attended but my last class there the brushes were in pretty good shape.  A fun place and a nice way to socialize with friends.  However, there are a couple of better competetors in town that prevent me from visiting this business that often.
5	This was fun, fun,  fun!!! The 2 1/2 hours passed so quickly and we left with a  masterpiece... (just kidding)... But really, my mom and I got a Living Social deal which is a great way to try something new. We were totally overwhelmed as neither of us have painted in a long, long time, but the instructor was thorough and patient in her explanation of each portion of the process. She broke it down succinctly, from sketching with a pencil to outlining with paint, filling in and mixing colors. It was really amazing that the majority of the class came out with a very near to the original painting, this time a cup of cappuccino with a heart swirl on a red background, very cute!The great part is you can go again. Just chose a class with another painting. And we will!
1	Social Paintbrush didn't honor a Groupon prior to the expiration date.  I complained with Groupon and they offered me a refund.  I wonder why Social Paintbrush uses Groupon if when you call, a lady there had a bad attitude and refused to schedule me for a class.  Fortunately, there are other places in town where I can go for painting classes, and I hear they are even better.
5	super fun!
5	We had our daughter's 5th Birthday Party at Social Paint Brush and it was a big hit with the kids and the other parents!  Truly a wonderful place to have a party and a great time for all.  Sue is great to work with and our Instructor Erik is wonderful with the kids and the adults!I would recommend this place to everyone for kids parties or a fun night out for the ladies or friends!  It is great to learn how to paint, and it is fun.
5	Marci Ponce7 minutes agoWe had my daughters Sweet 16 birthday party at Social Paint Brush and she said it was the best party she's ever had! The amazing artist instructor guided us through how to angle the brush, blend & mix the colors and control & stroke the brush to create a beautiful masterpiece. Awesome place for a fun unique experience! With Luis Lopez Monica Manig Michelle Moreno Moore Salvador Sal Moreno Laura Martinez-Trillo Gilgallon Lisa Dockery Chao Sue Kim Gaughan Melina Jeleno & many more! -- at Social Paintbrush.
5	Such a great place to come relax and enjoy and nice ladies night out!! Love love this place
