5	Every Kids Dentist staff and Dr. Ellis are some of the best office staff/dr.'s I've ever dealt with. Kim who works the front goes way beyond her job of scheduling appointments, and making reminder calls, to interacting with patients in the waiting room, putting my mind at ease while my daughter was having a procedure by checking in on her for me and just is friendly all around. Dr. Ellis is by far my favorite dentist I have ever dealt with. Honest, friendly, amazing bedside manner..he was totally on my daughters level with talking to her and trying to ease her...Shes incredibly shy and he just tried everything he could from her clothes to shoes, to asking about different kids cartoons she might like to watch..he sings to the kids while cleaning their teeth a fun brush song..when I let him know one time about another song she liked he bust into tune with that one as well. I cannot recommend this office/staff and dentist enough...you won't be dissapointed. Unfortunately we have to move so we will not be able to continue service but if I could take this office and staff with me I would in a heartbeat!
5	Just took my 3 yr old son for an exam & Wow! I LOVE this place!! Clean environment, friendly helpful staff, plenty of games & movies for kids in the waiting room. We didn't wait long. I could fill out medical history paperwork online before my appt. They had TVs w/ my sons favorite movies playing on the ceiling in the exam room & a treasure chest full of prizes for him when he was done! I especially appreciated the kind, attentive hygienist that used "kid-terminology" to explain to him what the implements were used for. He could play & touch tools before they used them. My son who is very timid & frightened of any kind of medical facility was comfortable & cooperative! He was having so much fun he didn't want to leave! Highly Recommend!
5	We had a great experience! I took my 3 year old son for a routine check up. They were very patient and never made him uncomfortable. He left the Dentist with a big smile and wants to go back. You can't beat that!
5	What a pleasant experience, the entire staff was friendly and helpful. If you are looking for a great pediatric dentist office " Every Kid's Dentist " is the place to go. My 5 year old refuses to talk to strangers and it is difficult to deal with her but they were patient and kind and gave her an electric barbie princess toothbrush she was so happy about it and now she can't wait to go back.
5	Dr. Guymon is amazing. I first brought my kids for cleanings and then for problems. He's done root canals and crowns for my middle child and was always concerned about his comfort first and foremost.   Last year my son chipped a tooth on the playground at school and was in a lot of pain. Dr. Guymon came in on his day off and repaired the tooth and gave me his cell number in case there were any other problems that arose from the repair.  I would recommend him to everyone.
5	Great dentist to take your kids too, very trust worthy and friendly.  The place caters well for kids of all ages and makes them feel comfortable.  We have been taking both our kids here since they were born.  Highly recommended.
5	I just took my 3 kids here today and it was AWESOME! This is the best dentist office or Dr in general I have EVER been to. They have GREAT service and the kids were comfortable and happy. I totally recommend this place.
