2	Went in to pick up a menu........ No prices on it....no location addresses or phone number on it.  No prices on their website as well. Pease dont tell me prices fluctuate From town to town?????UPDATE: 6/6/14. Just ate at Americas and they finally have menus with prices.I had the carne asada burrito and my girlfriend had the taco trio.The fruit on the tacos was a good addition but overall.....just ok.The tortillas are the same as i buy from the supermarket and their guacamole.....well...it was bright neon green and smooth like soft  serve icecream.Not sure if its made there or a buy out product. The latter i believe.I believe the tortillas, chips and guac are all buy out products.Once again.....ok at best
2	No. Just no. So small inside. When I sat down to eat my food in the corner I felt like I was in time out. Dead on a Friday night. Ordered the #2. Three different mini burritos. Great way to showcase three times in one visit that I don't like your food. We were told the salsas were spicy but they weren't. Chips were ok, a little salty. My burritos that had meat inside (pork and beef) were very dry. Not appetizing to me. My husband had a breakfast burrito and said they used fake eggs which is a pet peeve. We won't go back- Rubios is around the corner with $1.50 fish tacos on Tuesdays that are actually yummy. Sorry America. I don't like the food.
5	I am so excited to have Americas Taco shop in Mesa now!!! Love their food, always good!!!
3	The food was really good and the prices were ok. However, the eating area was crowded. The tables were crammed into a corner and most of the tables were filthy
2	Over priced for portion size. Good luck actually tasting the guacamole in their food.  Also look out for cold food, half way through my carne asada burro was cold. I will say that they did replace it.  Otherwise the taste of the food is great.
3	okay, here's the skinny. Went there last night with my wife because I have heard a lot of good things about this place. Yes, as other reviews have stated, the eating area is a little crammed so an order to go may be the way to go (look at that, I'm a poet and didn't even know it!). I got the number one, it was three tacos, chicken, pork and the El Pastor. My least favorite was the El Pastor, the chicken was pretty good but not mind blowing and the pork was the best, as long as there isn't too much mango on it. My wife had 2 of the same tacos and the mini bean and cheese burrito. She really liked the mini burro but was not a huge fan of the tacos. We also ordered a side of ceviche, which was good enough given that it was a fast food place. My wife made her meal a combo adding chips, salsa and a fountain drink. The grand total was 22 some doll hairs with a place to add a tip (which I always do because I'm nervous negative repercussions will follow otherwise, you know, like fat loogie in my food). The food was really not bad but I doubt we will be back anytime soon.
5	I've been here twice now and both times it's been great. I ordered the carne asada tacos. Super fast service and great food!
4	The service was great, the workers are friendly and the food was really good. It's a great place to go if you're not in the mood for a sit down expensive lunch. The food has no fillers which is amazing, it is great to have a healthier taco option. The guacamole was amazing and fresh, the tacos were delicious as well as the burritos and cheese crisp. They were happy to customize the order for the kids as well.
1	May I please have a breakfast burrito with a side of food poisoning! This would have be my second time visiting this place, and this will be my last. Here is a list of the food violations I saw. The cook wiped off the spatula he was using to cook my eggs with his dirty apron, grab a measuring cup out of the sink(obviously it had not been run through the dishwasher or sanitized in anyway shape or form) to measure the meat, high-five employees with his food handling gloves still on, fix his hair and pull up his pants with his gloves on, and then attempts to put my burrito together. At that point I requested a manager and she didn't seem bothered by the food safety violations that I saw. I guess it was the crews breakfast time because they were sitting down at one of the booths. When I asked for them to cancel my order and give me a refund, she was unapologetic and could care less that they were losing business. Filiberto's has better food handling qualities then this place. Lesson learned and I hope I save someone from cross-contamination or food poisoning. I work for a local company within the area and I posted on the internal intranet of my experience and will also be sending out an e-mail companywide to avoid this place.
2	Tried the bean cheese burrito and the quesadilla. Bean burrito was very bland, I could have made a better one with refried beans out of a can. Salsa wasn't spicy at all and my quesadilla had little cheese. The quesadilla was good but it was more like a taco than anything, even the size was of a taco. For $4.75 I expected a bigger quesadilla. They also give you a slice of lime, radish, and cucumber... Still trying to figure that out.
3	Great food but every time I go they are always out of some type of food. Who runs out of potatoes during breakfast. Hope they can fix there inventory problems
2	Food was cold and lacked flavor. The heap of pineapple on the al pastor was not appealing.  I would not go back or recommend this place.Rated 2 stars only because the staff was friendly and the portion sizes are huge for the price.
1	WOOOOW.  So again today Sunday the 2nd of November.  I placed order by phone. Drove there to pick up and was told they were out of potatoes  AGAIN.  Who ever gets paid to do there inventory plz call me so I can get paid for half ass work.  Go to burito express on higley and Guadalupe by circle k
4	Super good food. It has a true mexican flavor. perfect for my bean burrito & taco taste!
3	I tried the Carne asada and grilled chicken tacos, the meat in both tacos were kinda bland and the pork wasn't ready for my lunch time visit. My wife had the bean & cheese burrito, she says it was okay but a little salty.
