5	Been going here for about 3 years now.  The staff is nice and always have a good experience coming here.  Most of my appointments have just been regular check ups, but it makes it a little easier to go to the doctor's office if you have friendly people that know what they are doing.  Going to  the Doctor's Office is usually an ordeal since you already feel bad, but finding a good doctor you are comfortable with is a difficult feat.  My doctor here has been quick to make referrals when the problem is out of his expertise and all of this referrals have been excellent.My old doctor's office was good as well, but I think my doctor was a little too popular since it was almost impossible to schedule an appointment when you needed to.  I think the last time I was told that the next available appointment was 6 months out, I told myself it was time to find another doctor.
5	Love, love, love Dr. Brantley, he is the best! If you're ever in need of an endocrinologist, Dr. Brantley is your man. The most thorough and I do mean thorough dr around and if there is an issue he will find it.....a lifesaver he is! The facility is pretty new and the staff is very nice and accommodating.
4	Been going here for about a year and a half.  Always get nice service and good results.  The building is nicely located in the South Park area and has a convenient parking deck and parking lot.  Easy in, Easy out...  Most of the time you are seeing the doctor when you have a problem, but it does help the situation when you are dealing with friendly people and a well maintained building.
5	Great medical facility.  They recently moved into a new location right down the street from their old one...it's like a medical assembly line for humans.  I just roll from one station to the next (in take, lobby, exam room, urinalysis, blood work...and out the door!).  Very fast, efficient...but not to the point where I feel like they don't take time to know me personally.  Knock on wood, I don't get sick often, so usually I'm just in here for annual physicals.  However, the staff has always been friendly and accomodating for little one-off requests like filling out paperwork required by my employer, or an athletic association I joined that requires a physicians release, etc.  Some places will charge you an office visit for this type of request...not MMG!  I also like the palm scan, making sure the patient is who they say they are, and matching the correct medical records with the correct individual.  Makes me feel more safe and secure knowing my medical history is protected.Dr. Carl Hughes is my general practicioner.  Very professional and friendly...I've never had an issue making an appointment, even last minute.I would recommend using their website to schedule office visits, and let your pharmacy handle prescription refill requests.  I think they may give priority to pharmacies that call in refill requests.  And I hate dealing with automated phone systems.  So use their website to schedule appointments, and you should be golden!
4	Recently went here for a physical and I was a first time patient with Dr. Greene (Ralph).  That being said, obviously I didn't know what to expect.  I was pleasantly greeted and brought back for my physical quicker than I could have imagined and have ever been.  I didn't even have time to fill out my medical history if that tells you anything.  Normally wait times for doctor offices are minimally 15 minutes in my experience.  The staff was very friendly and Dr. Greene was no exception.  He was fantatstic and answered any and all questions that I might have had.  Besides the doctor, the x-ray technician, the phlebotomist, etc. were all great and very professional.I think I've found a good doctor and facility here :)
4	I've been seeing another doctor in the CHS network, but wanted one closer to where I lived after I moved.  I requested a physician at this practice in January and the earliest new patient slot was March.  Maybe if I would have called it could have been sooner, but I like to be an early adopter of new technology.The office is very modern, but it's still a doctor's office.  You go up to the third floor, check in, move to A, get seen.  If you need labs you move to B and something else was at C.  I didn't need to go there though.Since I booked online no one seemed to warn me to fast before this appointment, but I figured I would need to and fasted anyway.  I was right...they wanted to take my blood.  I was there on a Friday afternoon and the waiting room was nice and quiet and peaceful.  There were only a couple other people in the waiting room.I guess if you have no other pharmacy you stop by the one in the ground floor and you are good to go.  I didn't need any prescriptions and I have to mail order any recurring prescriptions anyway, but for one-time prescriptions it would save a lot of hassle.
5	Six yelp stars *** *** !  Totally Professional  From the Reception Desk on the Lobby Floor, to check-in, to the Doctors, Nurses, and even the one who take Viles and viles of Blood, ALL staff have a Friendly and Caring Nature!G. Ryan Shelton, MD has been my Internal Medicine Doctor for years and I have been completely satisfied in his care!  Today I was worked-in to see Ralph L. Greene, Jr., MD (Internal Medicine).  He also did a great job!
4	I had thrown my back out during the big snow storm. Not that the snow had anything to do with it, but I mention it because everything was closed, including the urgent care clinic. I called this Medical Group since it's in the same building and they were open and were able to fit me in same day within 30 minutes of when I called. I saw Dr. Ramoush (I might be spelling that wrong) and she was great - in fact, I am going to make her my regular MD now (I probably should learn to spell her name). The entire process was very professional and well-organized from registration to check in etc. They gave me a shot onsite and sent my Rx directly to the pharmacy - it was ready as soon as I got over there 10 minutes later - so I was really happy with the efficiency of the experience.
