3	Don't get me wrong the food here is great, especially for vegetarians like myself.  It is all authentic Mediterranean food with a spicy zing to all of the dishes.  The place is always fairly empty, so you never really have to worry about a wait.  It is a great place to go if you practice Islam, because all of the dishes follow the Qu'ran's guidelines for food.  My only gripe is that the employees aren't very personable, and the wait service is kind of lacking enthusiasm.
4	Great place to go for lunch. It is hidden in south charlotte, but worth the trip. I recommend the Chicken Philly Pita. Prices are good for the amount of food and once you have been more than once the staff will remember you and your orders. The only draw back is that right now at lunch there is only 1 or 2 servers so you may have to wait a little longer for a drink re-fil or any other request you need after the food had been served. With that being said I still think the quality of the food, the price value, and not having a long wait to sit are worth it.
4	I've been going to Cluckers for years. Every time I'm back home in Charlotte I find myself here frequently.It's a solid restaurant with good food. Best thing to do (when with friends) is order the family meal. You get salad, rice, fries, pita bread and loads of chicken. I leave stuffed and happy. Just be careful when adding coca-cola to the mix as you'll want to be near a toilet.I'll always remember going to Cluckers ages ago and changing the "Welcome" sign when you walked in. It took lots of careful effort and hard labor but after many visits we had successfully changed the sign from "Welcome to Cluckers!" to "Welcome you F**kers!"They didn't notice for a week till someone complained.
4	***NOW CLOSED***I've been here twice and no complaints. Brought it home when my mom was visiting and she loved it.  The marinade on the chicken is wonderful.
2	What a train wreck! I stopped in there for lunch at 11:15, the place was close to empty and the waiter took my order within a couple of minutes- this was the peak of the good service, or more accurately the anomaly of the terrible service. The restaurant began to fill up and at 11:47 my chicken pita was no where to be found, after going to the counter and requesting my order to go, I only had to wait an additional 10 minutes- too bad because the food was actually really good. I just don't have that much to time to invest in a quick lunch.
4	Good food. Will fill you up for about $12
