5	I don't make it here nearly often enough *sigh*...This place is sooo good!  A friendly fun atmosphere with great great great Neapolitan pizza.  I actually managed to order something other than pizza (a couple of pasta dishes) and that was fabulous!  My parents are not usually fans of Italian food, but even they agreed that Il Pizzaiolo had great food and didn't complain!  :)  The wine flights are also fun and affordable even if not the best wine.Parking can be a pain at night and on weekends - probably because there is likely to be a line for this place...  try for lunch or an early dinner.
5	This trendy little place has great pizza.  Pizza that makes you feel like you might be eating healthy because this is not a heavy pizza.  I love the slight spiciness of the sauce and the thinness of the crust.  It can be a little on the pricey side but it is worth it.  Expect lines on Friday and Saturday.  Check out the patio in the summer time.I used to live in Lebo and miss this place since moving to Charlotte, NC over four years ago.  I stop at Il Pizzaiolo every time I am back in town.  Charlotte really needs a place like this and the closest attempt is Brixx Pizza.  Been there a few times and the ingredients are not up to par with Il Pizzaiolo.
4	Okay, okay, I finally get it. I've been told about this place for years and finally stopped in on Friday night around 8 PM.  I guess I'm not the only person who likes pizza on a Friday night because it was packed.  However, we were escorted out back to a beautiful wine bar with great dark lighting, comfy furniture and additional seating.  THe bar itself was pretty small, maybe 8 seats and the place was packed.  It didn't affect our service which was quite good and no one in the group waited for a drink.  The crowd was (I hate this word) "trendy" and most were laughing and having fun.  THe wine seemed to be relatively reasonable priced, however I'd like more options than just italian wine.  We sampled a charcutterie platter which was amazing.  The meats were top notch and flavorful.  The hummus and olives were some of the best I've had and the buffalo mozzarrella was to die for. The best I've ever had.  After a few drinks we were able to secure a table for 6 in the front and the server was prompt and friendly.  Wow, the pizza truly the best I've had in the burgh'.  I love mineos, aiellos, and fioris as much as the next but this is in a different league.  We ordered the neoplolitan pizza which is very simple, light, thin crust and amazing flavor.  As another yelper mentioned this is one of only 16 pizza places in the states to be certified to serve authentic neopolitan pizza.  We also tried some of the other pasta dishes, which were very good but again go for the pizza.  It's one of the best pies I've had coast to coast and I'd stack up against Ray's or any other historic pizza joint in NYC.  I'd give it 5 stars if it had better parking and a better wine selection.
5	The BEST pizza. Pizza that while eating makes you feel like you're in another country. The first bite was absurdly amazing...I wasn't expecting my taste buds to explode with delight. And the rest of the bites until the pizza was done were equally happy. The flavor of the pizza is completely different than any of our chains and independent pizza places (whose pizza I also love...this pizza is just different). I would recommend getting the pizzas with their sauce because some of the pizzas on the menu don't come with sauce and their sauce is probably what makes the pizza so good. I mean, the crust is special and the topping ingredients are fresher & a better quality than other pizza places...but the sauce has all the flavor. The other food we had was good, but it pales in comparison. I had the mistacanza (spelling i'm not so sure on) salad, which was just ok (I would skip it next time). My boyfriend ordered one of the paninis which was pretty large & had a lot of meat and cheese, but I doubt it was nearly as good as the pizza (the pizza was finished, half the panini went home). The menu had a lot of homemade pastas, which we didn't try but are probably great. The other standout part of our meal was the complimentary bread & olive oil served at the start...the olive oil was fantastic tasting, much better than any other restaurant I've been to in the past few years and one of the breads (it was buttery & had coarse salt on the top) was delicious. The only warning I have is they are quite finicky about changing their dishes. The bottom of the menu does say "please no substitutions" but they really mean it...as in we asked to have sauce added to our pizza (an easy & normal request at most places) and the waitress actually had to go ask the chef if it would be ok because they reallllly don't like to change their dishes. So if you have kids or picky eaters with you, beware that you might not get your way.
5	They have the best tomato sauce ever!  The pizzas are to die for and the pastas are both creative and super fresh tasting while still being really yummy!
5	Amazing pizza. The crust is as it should be--chewy in parts, crunchy in others. The Margherita D.O.C. is always a good choice, but if you really want to travel to yum-yum land, get the Panna. With mushrooms, ham, mozzerella and a drizzle of heavy cream, it brings together flavors that seem made for each other.
5	love it.  for the food, the people, the atmosphere, the drinks, etc.  regardless who i'm with of if it's take-out, my stomach and i are always happy afterwards.  the house salad is always a must for me, as there's just something so good about it.  my two favorite pasta dishes are the pesto and penne alla vodka.  when all else fails, those make up for everything else.  the margherita DOC is a staple.  always a winner.  i'm also a big fan of the wine bar...with or without food.  always a good time.
5	I checked out this place this evening before I went to a show at Destinta.  Yelp scores another good suggestion - this place is everything an Italian restaurant should be, with an interesting twist.  As I walked in, I saw exactly what I love to see in an Italian restaurant - tables placed relatively closely together in an intimate setting, but not close enough to feel like you're sitting on top of someone's lap.  The decor was also contemporary with a traditional flair.  What I didn't expect was the hostess informing me that I can wait at the wine bar if I'd like - what a welcome twist.  Out of the back of the restaurant and into what should have been someone's kitchen, was a wonderfully decorated wine bar and lounge, with a small seating area adjacent to it.  It was nice to sit back and relax for a few minutes and take in everything.  The wait time wasn't too bad for a Saturday night at 6:30 pm, my guess it was only like 15 minutes (but I think that was because a large party had ended up leaving, but who's counting =) )   Anyway, after being seated I ordered the pizza (like everyone else who left reviews).  and it was out of this world awesome.  I laughed because I spent as much on the wine as I did on dinner.  I ordered Tiarmisu for dinner, which was perfect.  For two people going out on a Saturday night, spending under sixty bucks to have dinner, drinks, and dessert is pretty unusual.  This place is a real find and everyone should check it out.
5	Il Pizzaiolo serves authentic and delicious pizza and pasta.  I highly, highly recommend eating in the "wine bar" out back - where the main restaurant is loud, bright, and crowded, the wine room is darker, more romantic, and closer to the bar.
5	Probably one of the best places to eat pasta or wood-fired pizza...
4	This place has a very pleasant atmosphere - I sat outside on the patio and it was very enjoyable.  I've also heard the wine bar is nice and cozy.  Most importantly, the pizza was excellent!
1	We were so excited to try Il Pizzaiolo after hearing about it from so many people and reviews online.  We discovered after arriving that they will accept cash only until further notice.  Apparently this isn't a temporary problem because I saw the same sign on the door a few weeks ago, but assumed it was a one-night thing.  In the era of credit and debit cards being accepted everywhere (even McDonalds and 7-11) it seems inexcusable for a decent restaurant to make patrons withdraw money from an ATM before dining there.  I'm sure we will still try Il Pizzaiolo, but at the moment I'm extremely annoyed with them!  We made the sacrifce and went to Bistro 19 next door.
3	WTF?  How does this place get so highly rated on Yelp?  It's not awful, but it was one of the most mediocre brick-oven pizzas I've ever eaten.  There's much better "fancy" pizza in Pittsburgh, and much better regular pizza, too.  The antipasto plate was good, but definitely not worth the $15 they charge for it.  Decor's not bad, but the space is a little noisy; service was pretty average, below what I'd expect for a $15/person place.  Long story short: unless you're in the neighborhood, you can get better Italian elsewhere in the 'burgh.P.S. This is yet another Pittsburgh establishment that doesn't take credit cards.  Seriously, is the whole city in a 1995 time warp?  (...Or are all of these places just cheating on their tax bills?  It's a lot harder to hide check and credit card transactions from an auditor.  With cash, you just need to hide a few receipts.)
4	The pizza at Il Pizzaiolo was fantastic.  We ordered 3 pizzas: the Margherita, the Bianca, and the fennel sausage and rapini pizza (I forget the menu name).  My favorite was the Bianca - the ricotta cheese pushed it over the top.  The ambiance was very nice as well.  We sat in the outdoor seating in the back, which had a perfect combination of sun and shade.  The reason I gave a 4 star rating was for the somewhat slow and inattentive service.  I can't say that the service is typically like this, but we had a waitress in-service who was still learning and IMO, a bit overwhelmed.  But otherwise, I would highly recommend Il Pizzaiolo.
4	Finally - a Pittsburgh restaurant with a decent outside patio!  Patio is in the back, so you don't get all the road noise, and is quite pleasant.  In fact, we got seated in the back corner by the fountain, which is not a normal table, but one of those stone garden tables.  Despite not being the most comfortable of seats, it was by far the most enchanting part of the patio.I thought the pizza was "eh." The dough was a little "doughy' for my taste.  I was significantly more impressed with my pasta dish, which was incredibly delicious, but also incredibly rich, so I had to leave about half of it.  I guess that's what I get for ordering pastas with cream sauce.In summary - a cute place for a date if you can sit outside.  I didn't find the inside half as exciting.  I'll give them another chance on the pizza, but even if you don't have that, try the pasta.
2	After eating at Bistro 19 I was very excited when I saw that Il Pizzaiolo was right next door.  I had thought about eating here in the past but was always put off by the location.  That being said, I went to Il Pizzaiolo last night with my fiance, and I have to say I was very disappointed.  We started with the Caesar salad, which was OK.  The dressing was delicious, however there was very little of it, and we found ourselves eating entire bites of dry, flavorless lettuce.  It was also an outrageous $10 dollars.  Don't get me wrong, had this been an entree sized portion, $10 would have been more than appropriate.  However it was just a starter size, and should have been no more than $6.We then shared their margherita pizza which had delicious flavors, but was incredibly soggy.  It was also fairly small, but that was almost to be expected.  It was $12 dollars, so the size was not necessarily a problem, however it was hard to enjoy such a soggy mess of a pizza.  We also shared a pasta dish which was INCREDIBLY overpriced.  At $17 dollars, I was expecting more than a small bowl filled with dry pasta.  It was homemade, and well made, however it was almost insultingly small.  We finished with tiramisu which was excellent, and appropriately priced at $8.In all, I found the flavors of their food to be excellent, however i was horribly misled.  Not only was every menu I found online roughly $2 to $3 dollars cheaper than their actual menu, but there was a table next to us who ordered pasta and received an enormous portion, prompting us to order pasta.  It was only till later did we realize that they were employees who had decided to dine their for the evening.  We also had a serious problem with the timing of the food.  The service was great, however for a Tuesday night, I would have thought their kitchen could time the courses properly; we had barely started our salad when the entree's came.  In all, I don't think I will be going back to this restaurant, nor would I recommend anyone waste their time traveling out to Mt. Lebanon for average Italian.
3	OK, I must say that I do love their Pizza. The DOC Marg pizza is truly amazing. Also, the wine bar is quaint and the patio is a delight in the summer. However, the prices are so high for the food that I have stopped going. $17 for a indiviudal pizza? The wine selection also has gone down in quality and up in price. If you have money to burn, then head there for the Pizza and ambiance. Othwerwise let's hope they come to their senses about their pricing.
2	Dinner& Movie: After the downpour, the thunder clapped, the lightening flashed, the skies parted and "date night!" arrived.  My date and I were told there was a 30-40 minute wait and after almost leaving, we made our way through the restaurant to wait in the wine bar.  Hmm a bit misleading.  It was quite humid and crowded.  I am patient and was in great company but...there were some negative moments.  On our way up the wine bar stairs,  I held the door as a hostess directed a party down the teeny stairs to their table, only to be squished by patrons coming up who thought I was there for their convenience and more than happy to hold the door as they pushed past.  Also some of  the patrons at the bar seemed displeased that new faces were coming in and did not seem to want to budge to make any room for ordering beverages.  Anyway, I do not drink so I had literally stand still (think sardines) until some people were seated elsewhere.  I was then able to find comfy chairs to sit in.  There were some appetizers sweating and/or floating in olive oil on the windowsill which I found a little gross.  A not-so-polite employee cleaned up the space and extra drink glasses around me.  Giving me a dissatified "thanks a lot" look that made me want to justify myself as not being the slob that left the glasses and plates!  But my date returned and relaxed with a glass of wine as we chatted.  We were seated surprisingly promptly.  We were lead to a small two top near the door.  While not ideal, it was do-able.  I had a salad and the pizza with te arugula while my date hads the fpur cheese.  I loved my pizza and besides one of the cheeses my date also enjoyed his pie.  The pizza crust was slightly sweet and baked just right. (Like I said, I really enjoyed mine and the food is why I gave 3 not 2 stars.)  Thankfully my date was able to help me finish my pizza and there was some to take home.  Our waiter was nice and somewhat attentive.  I did have to hunt him down for red pepper flakes, a refill on water and our small table became quite crowed and yet he did not remove the bread basket/plates.  I grew up in Mt. Lebanon and know that sometimes the neighborhood can be a bit "snooty-pooty" but I would go back.  But not on a Friday night and honestly it would not be in my first choice out of the other nearby restaurants.
5	Full review with pictures in blog: Greeted by our server, a friendly college age girl with an ever-present smile, our waters were filled and menus presented while we were left time to decide - time that would be welcome given the large size of the menu and the fact that I would have liked to try at least thirty items.  Discussing amongst ourselves while scouring other tables for evidence of portion size we eventually settled on one appetizer, two pastas, and a pizza...we then began the agonizing process of deciding which option sounded best.  Baked in house the first basket was had only three options while the second arrived with a fourth.  With each bread a great example of its particular type the baskets featured a smoky Rustic Italian, buttery Semolina Vienna, amply sour sesame seed crusted Sourdough, and a buttery moist Foccacia.  While I rather wish the pairing would have been a nice olive oil as opposed to butter neither were really necessary with all the sauce that required mopping up.Beginning the meal as the sounds of eager diners bounced around the wonderfully decorated brick and tile interior was a delightful Arancini with creamy arborio rice providing a slightly toothsome contrast to velvety fried Mozzarella.   An ample portion for a mere $6 the dish was only enhanced by resting the crispy balls of cheese in a pool of house-made marinara.  Remember the comment about the bread - a whole basket was used to dredge the plate clean of the aromatic and slightly acidic sauce.Selecting two of the eighteen pastas the pair was delivered simultaneously and looking back I still cannot decide which was better.  Beginning first with the Paglia E Fieno, a spinach and egg tagliatelle with peas, prosciutto di parma, parmigiano-reggiano, and cream I was stunned by the bouncy texture of the pasta to tooth yet its undeniable melt-in-the-mouth texture upon mastication...al dente done just right.  Complimenting the pasta were sweet and snappy peas, a smooth and salty prosciutto, and a pungent parmigiano-reggiano that added texture and pungency.  All balanced by a somewhat sweet cream sauce the entire dish was well thought out, well balanced, and divine.Not to be outdone, Gnocchi Di Ricotta featuring Ricotta Gnocchi, Butter, Sage, and Parmigiana-Reggiano was a dish that would have the three of us fighting for the last dumpling.  Simply prepared, as one expects from a rustic dish like gnocchi, the dumplings were undoubtedly the star of the dish-literally melting puddles of potato and ricotta cheese that provided little resistance to tooth, yet enough body to support and absorb the subtly sweet and aromatic sauce.  Topped with a quick grating of cheese and cracked black pepper the gnocchi was one of the best I've ever tasted-a skilled hand, perfect cooking conditions, and largely un-fussed-with.Enjoying all the previous efforts so much the "star" of the afternoon was nearly an afterthought-and one heck of an afterthought given that it is where the restaurant made its name.  Opting for the Provola with Smoked Mozzarella di bufala, Cherry Tomatoes, Fresh Basil, Parmigiano-Reggiano, Baby Arugula, and Extra Virgin Olive Oil we watched as the dough emerged from the temperature controlled room, was rolled by hand, topped and was placed inside the stone oven for a mere 90 seconds.  Emerging bubbly and charred the pizza was topped with a heap of fresh arugala, drizzled with olive oil and a quick shredding of Parmigiano-Reggiano before being plated and brought to the table.  Squeaky and smoky the cheese was a perfect foil for the cornmeal accented and yeasty dough.  Crisp and toasted around the circumference of the 13 inche pie and sopping wet at the center each ingredient was pronounced in flavor with the super sweet tomatoes and basil forming the foundation and the bite of the parmigiano and bitterness of the Arugula providing a nice compliment of flavor.Arriving quickly and in ample portion the house made desserts were both presented simply and unadorned.  Beginning first with the Tiramisu-a rather standard example with buttery lady fingers, smooth mascarpone, high quality cocoa, ribbons of chocolate, and a hefty shot of rum-it was good, but like many pre-prepared versions it was largely unbalanced with the rum soaking the bottom layer and cream dominating the top.  Significantly more impressive was the Cannoli, a crisp and slightly cinnamon accented shell housing a lightly lemon tinged ricotta cream.  One end dipped in crushed pistachio, the other in chocolate chips, and sitting atop a bed of hand whipped cream-light, refreshing, and authentic.Great service, everything expertly prepared, and prices that fit the quality of the ingredients I was very happy with every aspect of our meal.  Honestly, when the pizza, one of the best I've ever had was the "worst" savory...that is saying something.  Clearly I need to start paying attention to that Verace Pizza Napoletana Association list when I travel.
3	You won't find more authentic, quality, Italian food with fresher ingredients. I've traveled all over the country and this place really can't be topped. That being said, it's become VERY difficult to have a casual meal here for under $100 (2 people). If money was no object, I'd eat here every week. That being said, I find myself not going as much because I'd rather enjoy filet at Capitol Grille for the same price as a salad, pizza, and two glasses of wine at Il Pizziolo
4	My wife and I like this place. It's always crowded, but you can wait in the wine bar--if that's not also packed to the brim(which it usually is). The pizza is the best in the area--exquisite crust, nice ingredients. Pricey, though. And parking is a pain. Luckily, Mt Lebo parking tickets are like $7.00, which is what you'd pay at a downtown garage anyway.
5	I can't explain how thrilled I was to find Il Pizzaiolo. The closest thing I've been able to find to authentic Italian pizza in the 'burgh. Me and my boyfriend came here for a light lunch, but had a difficult time deciding between the D.O.C. margherita and the arugula and prosciutto. We eventually decided to keep it classic and order the margherita.As soon as it came out, I could tell it was exactly what I had been craving for months. real. pizza. we scarfed down the whole thing in minutes. And then being the fat kids we are, we just had to order another one. Screw light lunches, right? This time we got our second choice, and although it was pretty messy to eat, it was just as tasty.I hadn't had pizza like this since the last time I visited New York City, so eating here was pretty much a spiritual experience. At least for me, a pizza lover stranded in Pittsburgh. The only thing I would improve is that I wish the pizza had a more "soupy" center. That would just take it to the next level for me. Other than that, the service was quick and the atmosphere was quaint and pleasant. Unfortunately, it's fairly pricey for a casual meal, so I won't be able to come here as often as I would like (oh, and despite what another reviewer said, they do take credit cards). Definitely want to come back and try the pasta sometime, though...so expect a part two!
4	A little pricey (especially the salads), but they make excellent pizza.  The main dining room can get loud, so for a quieter meal opt for the wine bar in the back.
5	Maybe it's because I was in the mood for pizza or maybe, just maybe it was really that good!  My friend and I ordered the rice/risotto stuffed with mozarella appetizer (don't rememeber the name) and the Margherita Pizza - it was sooo good.  It's exactly what I wanted and everything was served hot and fresh.  The pizza was thin and delightfully tasteful - no one flavor really overpowered another.  And I'll tell you what, I'm not a big pizza crust eater, I actually haven't eaten the crust of a pizza for years - well that infamous night at Il Pizzaiola put a stop to that trend.  I ate every piece of that pizza slice including the crust.  If your in the mood for pizza check this place out!  It was a bit pricey just for pizza, but I thought it was worth it.
5	I almost don't want to give the secret away.  Best italian food I have had since going to Italy.  Simple, yet addicting. The wine bar is hidden in the back area and it is such a nice place to visit during the week.  Don't even try to go there on the weekends... too crowded.In the summer, sitting outside is such a luxury.  Order the Rigatoni alla Siciliana.  Perfecto!
3	Wood fired Neapolitan pizza and pastas.   Love the Wine Bar.  Many Italian wines to try, although a little pricy. The Wine Bar is in the building in the back, go thru the back door and up the steps.  They have a little fire place with one log burning.  Nice place to sit and sip wine.  Had to wait to be seated in the restaurant so went to the wine bar and met a few different people - the people were all very friendly and made it seem like we were regulars.  Had the Doc Margherita pizza. It was very good with fresh buffalo mozzarella and basil.  Have been here a few times and have tried some pasta's and other pizza's and have found some to be very good but others were rather bland...so the consistency may not be there.  Il Piz. does have a quite a few different specialty style pizza's and seem to have mostly fresh ingredients.I can see why people really like this place and return.Service was fine for a crowded restaurant.  Was a little loud.
5	My local go-to for a great meal with friends. Always delish, fresh and well made meals, great wine, warm atmosphere. I'm lucky to have Il Pizzi a block away.
2	Growing up in Mt. Lebanon, I went to il Pizzaiolo years ago, but haven't been back in recent memory. I don't remember much about it before, and after my experience there last night, I will remember not to go there again.We were celebrating my friend's birthday. We got there about 7:45 with a party of 5, and there were a few tables open. The only table that was large enough to accommodate us, a table for 8, was available in the back. The brunette hostess starts to take us back there, but then the blond hostess says "we have a large party coming in and they're going to be eating and drinking for a while." She points to a small table for 4 and says "You'll sit there." Confused because the restaurant allegedly doesn't take reservations, we offered to wait until one of the 6-person tables opens up. The blond hostess refused. Paragraph in which I rant about the blond hostess: This girl can't be older than 17. The whole time she interacted with us, she was rude, dismissive, and acted like it was a bother for her to be doing her job. She gave us so much attitude, like she was doing us a favor by seating us at all. No wonder people always comment on how bad the service is at this place - if your first impression is with a condescending high schooler who needs an attitude adjustment, it would take a lot to negate that first impression. Also, someone needs to tell this girl that tights are not pants. If I wanted to see someone's a$$ while I ate, I'd go to a strip club. /end rantWe were seated at the tiny 4-person table, two people on one side of the table (who wants to eat with a corner of the table sticking into their chest, as the hostess arranged the seats?). The 8-person table sat vacant for the first hour we were in the restaurant, and we were almost done with our meal when the allegedly expected party came. Funny how they don't take reservations, yet they would not sit us at the only table available that would accommodate our party.Our server, Ryan, was great and attentive. I think he realized how pissed off we were at the hostess and put in some extra effort.As for the food and drink, it was just fine. Severely overpriced, but fine. Piccolo Forno is much cheaper (and is BYOB) and has much better food. There are so many options in downtown Mt. Lebanon that there's no reason to put up with bad service, attitude, and mediocre, overpriced food. I won't be coming here again.
5	Pasta is my second language. Eating pasta is my sport! With that said, I'm always hesitant to get gnocchi because it never seems to be cooked right. It's always gummy and gross. But the waitress assured me the gnocchi here was homemade and very delicious. I took her advice and was served an incredible plate of melt in your mouth light and puffy clouds of Italian magic! Need I say more? Ok I will.... The sauce also tasted delicious and definitely homemade. I was torn between getting the gnocchi or pasta vodka. I would have been totally satisfied with that choice as well. Thankfully, my friend ordered the pasta vodka and I ws able to steal away a couple bites of it. The sauce was fantastic! It was so creamy and had a hint of Parmesan cheese flavor. Cheese makes EVERYTHING better in my eyes (and mouth)! Our server was really fantastic and did a great job with input on our meals and also filling us in on some upcoming events. They're having cooking classes and wine pairing nights, which I'm totally into! Such a great way to get people in the door and eating, plus drinking! Very quaint and cute inside. I went there Thursday and had to hold myself back from not going there again on Saturday.  My pasta loving self will sure to be back soon though!
4	Awesome... grabbed a pizza and some vino on the couches by the bar in wine-loft, out back. Looks like a cool patio for summer dining al-fresco, as well. Looking forward to next time and trying the tiramisu.
5	Still one of my all time favorite places to eat!!! I now live in New York City and haven't found anything like Pizzaiolo. This place is a real treasure!
3	Alright, so I had a mixed experience at II Pizzaiolo. We went here while visiting Pittsburgh to celebrate a birthday.The restaurant is small, seating is quite close together, and noise level is probably a little high to carry on a meaningful conversation without your table neighbor overhearing all the details.I think we may have been a bit under dressed. I would say "snappy casual" would have appropriate. We were not looking quite that snappy.Anyway, we ordered an antipasta platter with cured meat, cheese, olives, fava bean spread, and some roasted veggies. Pair that with an excellent bottle of red wine. It was amazing! Surely enough food there for both of us to eat for dinner but we wanted to try the pizza.Unfortunately, less than 10 min after our huge appetizer came out our server delivered the pizza to our tiny table where there wasn't any more room and we were clearly not ready for the next part of our meal. So, we let the pizza sit there.When we got ready to eat the pizza it was cold and the crust was rubbery. When our server returned we explained the trouble with the pizza and he promptly got us a fresh one. This was a very nice gesture and promptly rectified the fact he never should have delivered the first one when he did.The crust on the second pizza was still rubbery. The platter and wine were by far the best part of the meal. Overall the evening was enjoyable but I don't think I would order the pizza again.
5	Great traditional pizzas - but don't complain that it isn't like Pizza Hut! The back room is amazing....
5	My very first review, be gentle, here goes:Confession, I joined Yelp one time specifically because of this place!  Their Margherita pizza and Penne Alla Vodka are listed as my last meal for a reason!  Whenever I come here, I don't eat the whole day so I can enjoy my carb fest!As reviewers have stated previously, the service is hit or miss at this establishment.  I have had days where the host/hostess has seated my party promptly and had the most efficient waitress/waiter during my stay.  Then there have been times where I've felt like a nuisance for my presence.  That said, the food is so divine that I really don't care, it's worth the chance!  As Kat M. stated in a previous review, the ingredients are all authentic and high quality and it is a stand out amongst many restaurants in the area.  The crust is chewy, with that  Neapolitan type char to the bread.  The Mozzarella is creamy and floats on top of the sauce in a gooey little pockets. The sauce, goodness the sauce, it's bright and delectably simple.  In fact, it makes my mouth water to think of it.  Their pasta choices are always on par as well.  I order the Penne Alla Vodka, no fail, every time.  I actually had to learn how to make my own because I had to cut corners on my budget at one time!   They always have nice drink selections, but I love that they serve the small Coca-Cola bottles with a glass of ice, it gives the experience that European touch!  It's affordable and delicious, definitely a no-brainer for a great, casual night out with friends.  I no longer live in the area and I still crave a weekend in the Pittsburgh area just so I can get a pie!  My friend from L.A. consistently gushes about her pizza and pasta that she had whilst she visited me almost four years ago!  "Oh, what I wouldn't do for some Il Pizzaiolo!"  I couldn't agree more.It makes me want to check Kayak for some cheap tickets to PIT!
4	It's been several years since my last disappointing visit here . I am glad things have improved . Great selection of food with many varieties of pizza . Nice wine list . The restaurant is separated between front restaurant portion and wine bar in rear . It is a pricey restaurant and all parking is on-street or in a public garage .
3	I would give this place 5 stars for their food because their food is very good. I got their Linguini vongole which was done perfectly and my brother's daily special (bucatini with braised pork) tasted fabulous. The ambiance is ok - it's romantic but definitely a bit too noisy but what do you expect out of a space so small. As nice as my waiter was, they didn't time our foods right (brought entrees out while we were still eating our appetizers) and they started to cleared the table when not everyone at the table was finished.  This wasn't that big of a deal but when you're at a trendy restaurant, you expect a bit more than what you'd see at the Olive Garden. Also, if you get annoyed with yuppy moms who bring their newborns and 3 yr old kids that 'behave really well', this place will get on your nerves. I got cut in line placing my name in for a table by some lady who felt entitled to cut in front of the several other ppl waiting bc she had a baby with her. Then I went to the back bar area where half the bar stool seating and the sofa sitting area was being taken up by children under 4 and baby carriages. Just beware of the self entitled yuppies that frequent this place and every nice restaurant on Washington Ave. the experience will lower your dining experience as it did mine!
2	The appetizer was bruschetta.  Essentially three pieces of toast with various toppings.  Two of the three were good, but the brocolinni topped one was not my taste.  Certainly, this was NOT worth the $12 price.  Our dinner was pizza.  The crust was very good - almost like a soft, warm, flat breadstick.  Sadly, the pizza was sparsely topped with cheese and sausage.Our server was attentive, almost to a fault.  The restaurant was excessively loud - we couldn't hear the waitress rattle off the soup, appetizer or entree specials (seven specials in total).While the food was not bad, I can't justify the prices or quantities.  In fact, I really didn't pull up Yelp to rate this restaurant...I'm actually looking for a place to go eat since I'm still famished after "eating" here.
4	"I can only speak for the pizza, but have it on good authority that the same attention to quality, fresh ingredients is extended to the entire menu. I'll be back to sample more of everything, and to order the Margherita DOC again, and again..and again. If you're anywhere remotely close to the area, I would highly recommend a visit. If you're a pizza fanatic - it's worth making a much lengthier trek."full review with pictures on my site
5	Margherita DOC, here I come!After tasting this pizza, I almost told my family we had to move to the South Hills from 40 minutes away in the North Hills of Pittsburgh. I'm very happy I live in the same town, as many others have stated that they miss it from hundreds or thousands of miles away.Service? Who cares? I've never had anything to complain about. Pizza is served quickly and another post says it's because it cooks in a 1000 degree oven in 30 seconds. I don't know if it's true but they do get it to your table in 5 minutes flat. The crust is the best anywhere. The DOC version of the Margherita has buffalo mozzarella cheese in little pools and sparse but excellent basil leaves. Google Margherita DOC or Margherita DOP and you'll see others around the world.A great meal: Have the Margherita DOC and sit at an outside (back yard) table. You'll feel like you're in Italy.I've found nearly exactly the same taste only twice: Once in Civitivecchia, Italy and once in Prague, Czech Republic at Ambiente Pizza Nuovo (across the street from the Palladium shopping center). I travel to Prague often and always look forward to their Margherita DOP. It is exactly the same pie as the Margherita DOC at Pizzaiolo. I guess the "Vera Pizza" at both the Prague and Pittsburgh restaurants is some kind of certification.So I'm having some Pizzaiolo Margherita DOC in about 2.5 hours. Can't wait!
3	Mt. Lebanon is such a cute little town! I was so happy we chose to eat dinner there, especially when we got a great, people-watching table right next to the window. Very relaxing before our 5-hour drive home the next day.Il Pizzaiolo has a great, rustic atmosphere. Dark wood, tan walls, delicious pizza smells. And a full bar. Very important.The service was eh. It took the waitress at least 10 minutes to greet us and take our drink order, another 5 to get drinks and tepid water for the table. (Ew, chill the water. I know you're going for a Euro atmosphere but you're not in Europe. Chill the damn water.) The appetizer got there after another 5 and then the pizza took forever. I don't know how since the menu claims they're cooked in 30 seconds in the wood burning oven. But no matter. On to the review.T got a beer and I got a mimosa. They were out of the peach juice that usually goes in a mimosa so it was made with blood orange juice instead. Delicious. For our appetizer we ordered a sort of potato stick with cheese mixed in. Forget the exact name and they don't seem to have a website where I can check. They were ... okay. A bit bland truth be told but the Parmesan cheese sprinkled on top helped a bit. There was no salt and pepper on the table and our waitress was a bit absent so we sucked it up and ate the bland potato stick things.However, the pizza improved a somewhat mediocre appetizer. We got the Diavolo with spicy salami and chili flakes. Amazing. The crust was thin and chewy and not too black on the bottom. The cheese was salty and creamy and the salami was spicy and really tasty. Much better than pepperoni in my opinion.I suppose it's a good spot if you're in the mood for Italian. I'm sure there are better in the Pittsburgh area.
4	Excellent thin crust pizza served in a pleasant rustic Tuscany style restaurant along with the Pizza we enjoyed a very nice caesar salad with anchovy and a fresh zesty citrus dressingThe wine list is also very good, heavy on Italian wines with some good by the glass specialsService is professional & prompt
5	Expensive, but really great pizza. Honestly it's the closest I've had to real Italian pizza outside Italy. The little wine bar out back is fun.
4	Passing through town, tried this place bc of Yelpers. Was not disappointed, the pappardelle with sausage was awesome, pizza great, and don't forget the tiramisu!
5	The best  margherita I have EVER had! Someone send me one to Chicago please!!!!
5	It really is 5 star. Food, service..etc. Through the back door and up the stairs is the most awesome wine bar. Pizza is totally rad. Mix of attire so everyone can be fashionable.  Patio is great. Great date place. Bathroom is 5 star also ( yes I'm now rating bathrooms after a few bad Larry David like episodes).
5	This is simply my favorite restaurant of any type, but it's Italian at its best. No Joke. It's rare to find a true D.O.C. certified pizza but they've taken all the steps to make it happen. Everything else I've tried on the well-rounded (but not too long) menu is terrific as well. Very focused wine list--all Italian and perfectly matched to the food. My only complaint is that the place is so popular now that it can be very crowded at peak hours and loud in the main room. I've never had to wait very long for a seat, but sometimes there is a wait. Try to hit it in the mid-afternoon for a more quiet experience. And definitely stick your head in the upstairs wine bar even if you're not eating there. It's such a cosy place you won't want to leave.
2	Way overpriced for just ok food.  On a Tuesday night, there was a long wait.  The staff wasn't overly friendly, and when we had to wait, they simply pointed towards the wine bar.  Having never been there before, I was confused by having to pass through the outside to get to the bar.  While I thought the wine bar was cozy, the other customers there were rude and self-centered, ignoring polite "excuse me" by the waitstaff.   When we were finally seated, we waited about 10 minutes before a server appeared.  The food was prompt, and the salad was more than enough to share.  The pizza was simply ok.  I've had much better wood-fired pizza elsewhere.Beware:  for just a party of five, they added a 20% tip onto the bill.  If you're going to add a tip to a bill, make it the customary 18%.  But frankly, I didn't think they needed to add the tip for us.  Also, do not use multiple credit cards.  I was charged for the entire bill on my card, even though we asked to split it between two.  I'm still waiting for my overpayment to be refunded by the restaurant...
5	While in Pittsburgh with the hubby for a quick weekend getaway, I took Misty B.'s (@chi_mist) recommendation and tried this place out. Casual, but trendy, restaurant that was the perfect little date night. The wine menu was good - and the server helped us pick out a few based on our tastes. The food was VERY good. We had the Polpettini (mini meatballs) as an appetizer and they were all gone in about 5mins. We shared two entrees: the DOC margherita pizza and a pasta special of the evening - penne with a lamb ragu. The pizza... the pizza... the pizza.... I could eat the entire thing by myself. I forgot about the pasta, and to be honest, it couldn't stand up to the pizza.This 5 star rating is absolutely for the best margherita pizza I've ever had - and thanks Misty for the awesome rec!
5	Although there are plenty of new brick oven pizza places popping up in the burgh almost monthly, this is still the best.  Robertos is the only other brick oven that compared.  Now that Roberto is in the Village, NYC this is certainly the tastiest spot left.
4	Turns out I should leave behind the N. Hills and venture to the S. Hills for dinner just a little more often.  I consider myself to be an excellent judge of Italian food and this place was really good.  We ate dinner in the wine bar which is out back and up a set of stairs.  It was a little more intimate than the front dining area.  I'm a fan of sweet wines and there were a lot of drier options so I went with the blood orange martini and it was fruity without being overly sweet.  There were so many delicious meatless options on the menu that I was really debating what to order.  I LOOOOVE fresh mozzarella and basil, so it was like my own little slice of heaven.  I went with the rigatoni with eggplant, marinara, fresh basil and mozzarella.  I cleaned my very large plate and even used some of their bread to wipe it a little cleaner.  I'm eager to go back and try some of the other fare.  I also want to give mad props to our waiter who helped me make my choice and provided excellent descriptions of the food!My only real complaint is the olive oil they serve with the bread.  It could use some flavor or seasonings or even just some parm and a little pepper.  The only bland item I tasted.   Also, the restaurant is a little pricey.  Not ridiculous but not cheap either (especially when you add on a drink).
4	I live in Jersey so I know a good Italian restaurant when I eat in one, and this place is really good. We came on a slow weeknight and were seated right away. We ordered a meat and cheese platter to start, and it was excellent with different kinds of imported stuff that I can't pronounce but I can assure you did not go to waste. I had a pasta special which was made with sausage ragu and was absolutely delicious. My wife had a chicken dish which was on the plain side, but cooked perfectly and very tasty. They have a small all-Italian wine list, which I would describe as slightly north of reasonably priced ($40-50 a bottle and up), and as is the trend these days, they have a beer list with some interesting Italian "birra artigianale" selections. We wrapped up the evening with a cocktail in the wine bar out back which is a neat little space with a bar, a seating area with a fireplace, and a decent sized dining area.
4	My boo and I came here because I drive by it every day and it is always filled with people. Great menu selection, love the atmosphere, service was a little slow but I think it was just our waitress and there were groups of friends, couples and even families with children. So basically, appropriate for any occasion.  I thoroughly enjoyed the salad that we split and for our entree we ordered the gnocchi. The gnocchi itself was better than most places but the sauce was a little bit on the sweet side for my taste. We will def be back!
5	I ate here this past Saturday night for dinner with three other dining companions.  We arrived at around 7 PM and were quoted for a 35 minute wait upon which the hostess suggested that we go to the wine bar in the back.  The wine bar is not exactly in the same building but is a few feet out of the back door of Il Pizzaiolo.  The wine bar was bursting at its seams for the first five minutes that we were there we could not move much past the door.  Eventually the crowd quieted down and I was able to see a beautiful bar, a fireplace with chairs, bookcases full of books on wine and Italy and some trendy paintings.  After about an hour wait we were finally seated in the main dining room.The main dining dining room was nothing special in my opinion as there was nothing that I can remember that really stuck out.  Our waiter came to our table quickly and our group ordered the Arancini since we were hungry.  It came out six balls to the plate on a bed of marinara sauce and tasted pretty good.  For dinner I was having a hard time deciding on whether I should have a handmade pasta or the pizza and eventually decided to get both.  My pasta entree was the Paglia E Fieno which consisted of handmade tagliatelle with prosciutto in a cream sauce.  The tagliatelle was made with either spinach or eggs and the alternating green and beige color combined with the color of the meat gave a nice visual presentation to the backdrop of the cream sauce.  It also tasted wonderful and none was left on my plate whenever I was done.  My pizza was the Diavola since I like spicy things and consisted of spicy salami, chile pepper, basil and different cheese.  Once again the colors were nice and I absolutely loved the pizza, especially some of the pieces where I got what seemed to be larger than normal gobs of cheese.  My dining companions all also complimented their meals and we were more than happy with the service.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely come back here in the future.  The food was fantastic and not as expensive as I had expected while the service was good.  I would recommend that you either get their earlier or later on the weekend though to avoid the large crowd that we ran into.
5	This place has the best pizza I've ever had besides Keste and Paulie Gs in NYC.  Wood fired greatness.  Expect to wait on weekends in a crowded wine bar.  FANTASTIC red sauce and olive oil.  Not extensive on the wine list but good by the glass selection. A gem in Pittsburgh.
5	the BEST pasta vodka and margherita pizza in the universe! its worth the money and the extra calories! :)
4	I don't really know where to start...It was my best friends birthday...we were being spontaneous...the amazing staff there welcomed us after lunch...(open all day) and served us the most amazing Italian meal I've ever had! (Both Toni and I are Italian and are amazing cooks...so the compliment is not given lightly) We proceeded to order pizza, the best antipasto in the flippin' world, 4 pastas and a to die for cannoli! I promised the manager I would be back in July when I return from LA and we will have a party! I actually ended up there the next day with another best friend and again...amazing! Thinking about Il Pizzaiolo makes my mouth water...I can wait to return!
5	The bf and I were just walking around Mt Lebanon when we ran into this place.  It looked busy from the outside, so we thought we'd check it out.  So glad we did!  When we got there we did have to wait a little bit, but we went up to the wine bar and the wait wasn't that bad.  Loved the wine bar in the back! Comfortable and trendy.  For dinner we started with the insalta caprese. Yum!  We then split a pizza and pasta dish. Both were fantastic. The waitress was very knowledgeable and gave us great recommendations.  Wine selection is good, and their mixed drinks looked really tasty. Made a note to try one next time.  They had a couple large groups come in while we were there.
3	Tucked in a corner table in their wine/back house location was cozy given the rain pour happening outside. I ordered a chianti to start and then we ordered the vegetable app dish to share, which were both good. For my main meal I ordered the margherita DOC pizza based on the reviews. Delicious, fresh flavors though my pizza was a bit soggy which was a bit of a downer given the raves. However I would be interested in coming back and making sure that wasn't an anomaly.
5	I only enjoy eating and drinking in the upstairs wine bar.  The downstairs doesn't suit me.  Great atmosphere up in the wine bar.  The pizza and rice balls are my food of choice.  Bottle of wine, double espresso w/ a shot of sambuca...good start to an evening.
5	Now, this isn't the best pizza I have ever had, but it is the most authentic and that is why it is getting 5-stars.  I was craving and in search of a place where I could get the most authentic DOC style Italian pizza, and I honestly think that this place is the best I have ever had at making a certified Margarita pizza.  I cannot wait to go back: luckily, my grandma lives across the street!!
4	Great little place in downtown Mt Lebanon. My mother and aunt live in Mt. Lebanon and my husband and I visit a couple times a year, and on a night we had to ourselves decided to have a late dinner here.As it was a Saturday, the place was packed and had a couple groups waiting. Because we were only needing a table for 2 we were able to get seated promptly. This was one of the evenings when the daytime temperature was over 100 degrees and was still very hot after sundown; the restaurant was boiling hot. They have a wood burning pizza oven so I am sure that they cannot keep the place as cool as some eateries (most are too cold for me). Service was very fast and very attentive, and very nice. We had cold water on our table in under 30 seconds of seating, were given just the right amount of time to look at the menu, and received our appetizer within 10 minutes of seating. Our food arrived about 20 minutes after ordering, with enough time to not be rushed through our appetizer. I cannot remember what our appetizer's name was, but it was a dough pocket filled with mozzarella and had yellow and red tomatoes to the side. It was well done, but I felt like it was simply too huge a portion to really be an appetizer/salad. Giant mound of mozzarella + only 4 thin slices of tomatoes seemed off somehow; still tasted great though.My husband had Linguini alle Vongole- clams in a white sauce. He absolutely loved the meal, and the dish arrived with more clams than I would ever have expected. I ordered Chicken Piccata, as I was wanting something lighter than pasta or anything packed with cheese. The lemon was so refreshing and the sauce done very nicely- not too buttery, with more of the lemon and wine coming through- definitely nice after such a seething hot day.The quality of the food shines through, even from the menu. I appreciate a place that used San Marzano tomatoes, real buffalo mozzarella, huge sprigs of basil, , etc. The prices were a little steep but I didn't leave the place lamenting over the cost.The last comment I will leave is that the place is ungodly loud when full. Now, I am not a local, and I have always noticed that in general Pittsburgh restaurants are much louder than what I am used to (San Fransisco CA, Louisville KY, Washington DC, Baltimore MD and Philly). I usually chalk it up to a Pittsburgh thing, but this place was wayyyy louder for whatever reason. There was one group of maybe 10 (noise wasn't so much from them anyway) people but otherwise all small groups. I say this merely b/c a couple people have said it's a great date spot. I would agree, but NOT FOR A FIRST or any getting-to-know-you dates- you won't hear half of what your date said and who wants to have to scream so everyone around you knows it's a first date? :) Overall, a great restaurant and I cannot wait to come back try their DOC pizza- it looked superb.
4	Delicious, up scale pizza. Not a good place for young kids. Lovely patio.
5	The most delicious pizza and the best cocktails in the area!! Such friendly staff!! I've always had an amazing experience!!
4	Best gnocchi since I was in Italy.
5	Il Pizz....to my entourage and I is a great corner stone of the MTL dining scene. Every dish I have ever had here has been nothing but excellent. I can really appreciate the effort that this place puts into its products. If they have their homemade burrata, which has such a nice mellow flavor and texture of silk, I recommend giving it a try. If you have never had it before, it is very runny and creamy so don't be alarmed that is how it is supposed to be. They serve it with a simple side of Heirloom tomato slices with a bit of salt and pepper which makes this a refreshing summer appetizer. I can't write enough to describe everything I have tried on their menu but most recently I had one of their many styles of pizza. The Funghi pizza had a most flavorful sauce and with tasty mushroom, mozz cheese, basil. It is cooked in a wood fired oven and fresh ingredients make these rather simple pies, gourmet. The drink menu is vast with many tasty wines and beers, domestic and imported. I agree with some other reviews that the drink prices are a little on the steep side but I think it makes up for the more than reasonable food prices. I think that the most inexpensive wine on the list is $9 a glass. The service is usually excellent although I have had extremely long wait times which I think is caused by the fact that this is a great place that draws plenty of people in and many folks enjoy hanging out after dinner since the ambiance is pretty nice. I have also had them tell me the wait was almost 2 hours and was seated in 20 minutes???? Don't understand that one. I recommend in the summer months seeing if you can grab a seat on their back patio and I also enjoy dining in their back dinning room (wine bar) as it is usually a little quieter and intimate feeling than the front dining area. Take some time and enjoy the experience.
4	In town to visit our daughter at Pitt.  Her roommate works here in the summer and recommended it for us.  Sat outside on the back patio.  Beautiful night and it was a great little place to sit.  First thing I noticed was they had Nora, a great Italian beer that is hard to find in the states.  Started with the cheese plate, mussels in white wine and the arranccini(?), or rice balls.  It was all very good.  For dinner, the table had sausage, broccoli and cheese with a white sauce, that was just Ok.  The homemade Italian Wedding soup was very good.  My wife had the papperdelle pasta with mushrooms which was good.  I had the veal scaloppine which was outstanding. All in all was a very good dinnerSolid 3.5 stars, but I rounded up for this one
2	I have always held this place in high regard, super cute and has always been delicious but when my bf and I and a couple friends went a couple weeks ago I was extremely disappointed. I'm vegan and so is my bf so we were already limited in choices, the Napoli antipasto is awesome but our entree left much to be desired. I forget the exact name but it was basically a spaghetti w pomodoro sauce. I can't believe they charge $16 for this dish! It was cold and not a good portion. I got a huge hot pepper that burnt the crap out of my lip. I love spicy stuff too! Just not a good value for the $. I just moved back from nyc and my fav place there charges significantly less for significantly more. I'm so disappointed bc this was one of my go to places in Pgh! :/
5	On my second adventure to this wonderful restaurant, my expectations were met yet again.  It was a busy Friday night, but we just headed up to the wine bar to enjoy cocktails until our table was ready. I had a yummy wine, and my BF had an amazing margarita.When we were seated our server was friendly and let us know about the days specials. Throughout the meal, while he was quite busy, we were not neglected and I always had a full glass of wine. :)I decided on gnocchi and my bf went with a pizza....both we so delicious.Their food is just amazing, I could not rave about it enough. I've seen people complain that sometimes they have to wait to be seated, but don't let this deter you from trying this amazing restaurant!
2	Il piz, is a Mt lebo staple, but not that great.  We ordered the bucatini americano and a pizza.  The bucatini was good, but not a great value.  I was excited about the pizza because they cook it in a brick oven, which should make a great pie, but was disappointed when it came out soggy.  Should have been nice and crisp.  There weren't even many toppings to make it soggy.  probably give it another shot but not my first choice considering the prices.
5	I'm well overdue for an update of this place, as it slowly became one of my regular spots in Pittsburgh since the review of my first visit.Here's what you need to know: This is the most authentic pizza in Pittsburgh. Hands down. There are NO other contenders. In fact, this is the ONLY place in Pennsylvania that is VPN (Verace Pizza Napoletana)-certified to make a true DOC pizza, so it's not really a debatable point.If you don't like authentic pizza, fine (but I think you're insane). For me, having the most authentic pizza also means they make the best pizza. DOC margherita pizza is one of my favorite foods in the world, and I ate it at least once a week when I was living in Florence. Il Pizzaiolo is very, very, very close to the real thing in Italy. If you call yourself a pizza snob, you need to get here, order a DOC margherita with mozzarella di bufala, and maybe a rucola e proscuitto while you're at it. You can thank me later.The pasta is also excellent, but not as good as Dish in the South Side so I only order it if I'm with a group. Pizza, though. Mmmmm...
2	Ok...so, it's difficult to give this a star rating as I had a mixed experience. The caesar salad is one of the BEST I have ever had, but the pizza is one, if not the worst I have ever had. I ordered the margarita, sauce, cheese and basil. Well I think they may have run out of cheese and basil. It was a wet tasteless mess. I may return if craving a good caesar.
4	Great Italian. Cool cozy wine bar. I guess it's not really their fault since they were packed, but they seated us in the table right next to the door where everyone waiting to be seated was standing right beside our table. Plus every time someone opened the door, a cold wind hit every table close by. There were 2-3 tables that were wearing their coats the whole time. Other than this, would highly recommend.
4	What a delight! Food was fabulous, service was good and perfectly timed. A bit on the pricy side, but definitely worth it. We'll definitely go back.
5	I love this place. It gets busy on the weekends, with waits well over an hour sometimes, but that should be a sign of its exceptional quality. They have a wine bar in the back where you can grab a drink while you wait, or you can also head down the street to one of the other bars on the street until they call you to tell you your table is ready. That usually makes the wait seem very reasonable. We happen to live within walking distance so we have frequented this restaurant probably more often than we should, however, we have not had a single bad experience here and that is why we keep coming back. I lived in Italy for quite some time and have to say that the pizza at this restaurant is very much like the pizzas they make over there. They use the freshest ingredients, many of them flown in directly from Italy, and you can taste the difference. There are many good things to try on the menu, but I would recommend the insalata caprese with buffala mozzerela, arancini (rice balls filled with cheese) la margherita pizza D.O.C (this means the ingredients meet Italian standards of authenticity...make sure that's buffala mozzerella as well), the gnocchi, and most of their specials tend to be very good (ask your server). The house chianti is very good, and they have a great selection of other wines and beers. Many people may claim to have a better pizza in this city, and that's fine depending on how you like your pizza and what style is your preference, (I also like a good NY style pizza) but if you want an authentic Italian pizza, this is your place.
5	A friend from Napoli recommended Il Pizzaiolo. Pizza was invented in Napoli where it is an art form, rarely seen or duplicated outside of that city and its surrounding towns. It takes quite a bit to shock me, but I came away from this experience literally in a state of shock along with the rest of my family.This place makes pizza that tastes the same as you get in Italy, and Napoli in particular. The Margherita DOC is the way to go if you want a taste of Naples. San Marzano tomatoes, mozzarella di bufala and flour imported from Italy. These are not cheap ingredients and you pay more because it costs more to make. Therefore, one should appreciate what these folks do here. That is, they want to make the pizza identical what you get in the city of Naples.We had pasta as well, Linguini alle Vongole, Lasagna and traditional marinara with, again, San Marzano tomatoes. Just fantastic. Add to that a small but very good wine list, try the Gaglioppo from Calabria, an incredible selection of artisanal Italian beer, excellent espresso, high quality Sambuca, no Romana here thank God, and a fine selection of digestivi,(after dinner liquors) along with tremendous service and you have a winner. People really need to know what it takes to pull this all off here in Pittsburgh. This is the gold standard. The owners deserve high praise and gratitude for sharing their obsession with the general public.Bravissimo.
4	The wine bar in the back is one of my favorite drink spots of all time. We just visited in January, and the fireplace was going. Perfect and cozy! Good place for a conversation, but very tiny. Good for a date or catching up with a friend. It's an older and mature crowd, but because of the way it's kind of tucked away, you'll seem like you really know something if you bring a date here.There are a good number of wines by the glass, and some good cocktails. Try the Bufala Negra (bourbon, balsamic vinegar, ginger ale, and some other ingredients I can't remember). Drinks aren't cheap, but these drinks are for sipping anyway. The bartender was sweet, too.
5	Best margherita I've had since eating at El Presidente in Napoli, Campagna
4	Great-tasting food accompanied by great service. The antipasto and pizza margherita were a little different than we're used to, but were great nonetheless.
4	I don't make it out to the suburbs often, always assuming the best food was in the city, but Il Pizzaiolo has proven me wrong. I went last Saturday, and although there was a bit of a wait, it is easy to wait when you have a good glass of wine in your hand.I wish I remembered the name of the appetizer - it was on special and was like caprese but the cheese was more "buttery." I didn't really know what they meant by that when they described it, but after trying it I can say that is a great description. It was delicious. I tried the Prosciutto pizza which was a perfectly baked, authentic Neapolitan pizza. The dough was seasoned well with a sweetness to it that I loved. I also tried the Pollo alla Piccata which was also very good.All in all, I was very happy with my experience there.
4	I dined here on Friday and despite some issues with the service/kitchen, I will definetly be back.We were able to get a table without reservations or a wait at around 6pm on a Friday which was a pleasant surprise!  The restaurant is nice and cozy inside, if a bit loud.  My friends were already dining on the fried cheese balls, which were described by the waiter as "an explosion in your mouth of cheesy goodness."  cheesy goodness explosion?  sign me up.  I'm not even going to try to act like a refined foodie I will do damn near anything for cheese and brother, we had CHEESE.they brought bread out, and it was pretty good but not interesting bc it did not contain cheese.  I ordered the chicken piccatta, one friend had chicken cacciatore, another had the lasagna, and then my healthy vegetarian friend had some dish of marinated vegetables.who the hell cares about marinated vegetables?  that was the one dish I did not sample as it did not contain cheese.  The wine list was also very good and the waiter knew what he was talking about and I did not find the upcharge outrageous.The chicken cacciatore was pretty good.  Here's the thing:  my friend who got it alwyas plays it cool so she was all, "It's alright."  I tasted it, and it was good as hell!  Its hard to mix sausage and chicken in one dish but this was pretty good.  My friend has the lasagna and it was so good as soon as I took a bite I was so overwhelmed by how good it was I smacked him in the shoulder.  It was AMAZING.  I dont know how it is sooo good, I think it is layered with alternating layers of cocaine, love, and cheese.  In a lame attempt to be healthy, I ordered the chicken piccatta.  When a waiter says, "you know, its good but here's what I recommend..."  I need to learn to recognize that for the "get something else!" that statement is.For some reason my entree came out 10 min after everyone elses. I ordered it bc I thought it would be healthier than heavy pasta but it was swimming in a lemon butter sauce that was not healthy but very good.  There were capers in the dish too and they were the only thing interesting about it.  This dish was pleasant but unremarkable and underwhelming.  Get something else.  Ask the waiter what to get and then trust his judgement.I will def be back, and the next time I am back I think I'll try the pizza that they are so famous for.  I highly recommend this restaurant if you have not been there..
4	I love the food here, and the pizza is outstanding. However, I've been coming here for years now and was slightly annoyed that they have reduced the size of their pizzas.  We used to get 6 slices and now you get 4, so needless to say it is slightly pricey, but excellent none the less. They're still my favorite pizza in the city, but will not visit as often.
5	The enoteca in the back is my favorite place to grab a glass of wine with a friend while noshing on the antipasti plate. The staff is quite knowledgable about wines. It's cozy, so be prepared to get crowded out every once in awhile.
4	I have been to Il Piz several times overthe past few years and I have yet to be impressed. Don't get me wrong, the food has always been good, but not fantastic and a little over priced. Yes, I've had the pizza. Yes, I've had several pasta dishes. None of which has changed my mind. I don't understand why there is always such a long wait for a table here. My latest trip was on a warm Saturday night. I met a few friends on the patio for dinner. I arrived a llittle late and with baby in tow. I specifically asked for them to order me a glass of wine so it was on the table when I arrived. Unfortunately, for my dining companion, I miscalculated the size of baby + diaper bag and knocked over the glass of wine spilling it all over his yellow shirt. It almost looked like a tie dyed effect. The wait staff rushed to our side bringing him a glass of seltzer water and me a new glass of wine (I later found out at no charge). Seltzer water had nothing on the masterpeice I created. The shirt was officially retired. Once we got settled, I ordered the insalata misticanza. Despite the fancy name, it's a rather typical salad with balsamic, greens and some typical veggies. Nothing extravagant here, especially for 11$. For my entree, I had the fusilli ala ragu di bracioli. The pasta was cooked well. The beef was a little dry. The sauce was ok. I decided to not take home my left overs. Overall, my bill ended up being 40$. For a salad, pasta dish and 1 glass of wine. This same meal would average at least 5 dollars less at an equivalent restaurant. The best thing about the meal was the service. The server was knowledgeable, attentive and friendly. Overall, I will most likely go back to Il Piz because it is such a staple in the South Hills area, though it would not be by my choice.
5	We are lucky enough to live within walking distance to il Pizzaiolo. Love the pizza and they have the best vodka sauce. We end up getting takeout a lot from here and it never disappoints!
3	I'm a little torn on how to rate this restaurant.  There were several items that were really good, but yet there were a few areas that left a bad feeling in my mouth.The arancini - the Sicilian and Neapolitan Fried Rice Balls - were top notch and I would get over and over.  There were four little fried balls of risotto that were so good.  We also had the insalata misticanza - which they graciously split in half for us.  It was your typical salad.We then had the cavatelli con rapini - with sausage and rapini - as well as the bucatini all'amatriciana - with Guanciale and onions.  Both dishes had unique flavors.  However, the cavatelli came out luke warm and I had to send it back to be warmed.  It also had too much sausage - it more than dominated the pasta.So - that's the food review.  As for the staff - it left a little to be desired.  First off - we had a reservation and I had requested an outside seating on the phone.  In essence, they told me they don't take reservations for the outside - it's first come first serve when you get there.  So - when we got to the restaurant I asked and they told me that it would be a good 30 minute wait.  So we sat inside.  Then after we ordered our drinks, I went to look at the patio b/c I had heard it was very nice...and there were several open tables.  I didn't understand where our 30 minute wait was.  Then when I get back to my table, I see the waitress seating a couple outside...who came in after us.  If it's first come first serve for the patio - how come it was a 30 minute wait for us, but not for the other couple?  I just felt that they might have catered to people who were their 'regulars'.  On top of that - our waitress wasn't always the most attentive.While the food was good (once it was warm), I'm not sure I would come back due to the other factors.
4	Best pizza I've eaten in Pennsylvania, the Margareta with imported tomatoes and sauce is, in itself, amazing. Everything on the menu is memorable.This place is, however crowded and can be quite noisy and they don't take reservations.Somewhat food-allergy friendly, but no gluten-free pasta, and they could improve a bit on this.
5	This place has been on my list since I became a "foodie" (quotes intended) ... and finally I was in town with the flexibility to go.It's worth it ... I think it's on par with Pizzeria Bianco and Pupatellas as "as good as it gets" for me ... and the great pastas and apps solidified the five star rating.VERY great.
4	I can only add to the already good reviews on Yelp. The outside area was very pleasant. The food was simply very good traditional italian. Highly recommended.
3	To my left, two Godfathers and a metrosexual. In front of me, a curious assortment of people discussing comparative religion (but mostly the new Pope). In front of me, a glass of lovely Barbera and a thin crust pizza with smoked provolone, basil and cherry tomatoes. The smoke flavor is overwhelming, the sauce insipid and the crust so weak that all the bits fell off my first slice. It is, in this New Yorker's opinion, a major pizza fail. BUT! It's a great Pittsburgh effort and for that reason I give it three stars. The service is stellar, and the effort admirable. Go. Order the antipasti (it looks beautiful) and keep the pie simple. And order some wine.
4	Highly recommended.We ate in the "wine bar", which is fun but quite noisy and crowded. Not recommended for a romantic date, but for a fun date it is good. The food is quite good. Very good pizza and lasagna. And the wine selection is good as well. It lost a star for its wine pricing, however. $55 for a bottle available at the local store for under $20 is a bit much. I understand this is normal pricing, and I have no problem with it if the wine is not normally available. But I feel it should be a little cheaper when you can
5	This place was recommended to me by a colleague while I was here on business. I am glad I went. I had the pleasure of being waited on by Gina and Spencer. Ok, I will just say it; Gina is a goddess. You could watch her all day lol. Anyway, I didn't care for the original recommendation but I believe it's because I am used to chain italian food and not the real thing. Sensing my dissatisfaction , spencer recommended what I should have ordered in the first place... PIZZA. O....m.....G!!!!!! Writing this review at 10:30 am is making my mouth water thinking about it. When I was a kid, this pizza place by our house used to make the best pizza that my mother and I used to love to eat. Since then, now here's come close. The nostalgia that I experienced as I smelled and tasted this stuff almost brought on hyperventilating. Amazing food and impeccable service. From a Detroiter to you; I truly enjoyed my experience and my meal!
5	Hands down Best pizza in pittsburgh. It's a little pricey being $15 for a pie but so worth it.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. The food is always amazing, but you're probably going to wait a little bit for a table - especially if you want to sit outside on the patio, which I absolutely recommend. While you're waiting check out the quaint wine bar in the back. Servers are knowledgeable and attentive. Overall a great place to enjoy authentic Italian cuisine.
5	I visited Italy recently and when I came back I decided I wanted to try to find some similar quality Italian food here in Pittsburgh now that my standards are higher after having the real deal.  Pizzaiolo did not disappoint.  They had a pasta with an all'Amatriciana sauce I had only seen before in Italy, and I also had their lasagne bolgnese and a fresh buffalo mozzarella appetizer.  All were amazing and on par with the quality I found in Italy.  They also had a nice selection of Italian craft beers which I've never seen anywhere else in the US before.  I just wish they'd include some English descriptions of them on the menu!  All the staff there is also very friendly and attentive.  The atmosphere feels more like a gourmet brick oven pizza place than a nice Italian restaurant, but they definitely have a lot more to offer than their pizza (which is also excellent).
2	Rating is based largely on the snottiness of the staff.  We weren't sure if children or non-locals were not appreciated.  We walked into a virtually empty restaurant at 6 on a Monday; got the once over; and the hostess said "i hope you have a reservation.  We have a big crowd at 6:30. You can wait for 45 minutes at the wine bar." We walked outside and easily booked a reservation on Open Table for 6:15, so we walked back in and were seated right away.  Food was ok--puttanesca tasted like yellow mustard but caprese was awesome.  We repeatedly got dirty looks from the staff throughout our meal though.  I should mention that when we arrived a family with small children were leaving after finishing their meal and they had a stock-pile of high chairs in plain view, so it was not unreasonable to bring our well-behaved girls (6 and 2 yrs old).  By 6:30, there were still a number of empty tables.If you're not from Pittsburgh, there attending college or joining your college-aged child or have small children, I would avoid this place.
5	You can't wrong with any of the pizza choices here. Some of the best Italian and pizza in the city. Would also recommend the penne vodka for dinner and Sicilian sour to drink. Fantastic wine bar and patio.
5	Honestly can't beat it for gnocchi or pizza. We get two casa salads, a margarita pizza with pepperoni, and the penne alla vodka (except we substitute gnocchi for penne) every time we go. We've tried other combinations. But this one never disappoints and is plenty for two. The vodka sauce is the best I've had and the pizza - better than any I've had in Chicago, New York, Miami, wherever. It's THE BEST. Wood fired pizzas have become a dime a dozen these days. But Il Piz is still number 1 in my book.
3	II Pizzaiolo has long been on my radar as a new place to try.  Who doesn't love a little Italian?  (Well, I divorced one, but that's a whole 'nother story not fit for Yelp).  So, when I got the chance to show up here, I was very excited!We made a reservation for a weekend afternoon, so not necessary, BTW.  The interior is shall we say cozy?  We got our pick of tables.  Service was meh.  Our service acted bored until we mentioned that this was our first visit, then we were given her high energy sales pitch, "delicious food created using old-world techniques and the high quality ingredients.  Most menu items are hand-made and if they are not, they are imported from the best sources".  Did she forget anything?  I hope not!  Wait, there is more, "the mozzarella is direct from Naples".  That's more like it, gf, show some enthusiam!Lots of great choices on the menu!  BJ got the Chicken Cacciatore and I got the lasgana.  Our server warned us of the extra wait time for my meal.  No problem, I was willing to wait for this classic homemade dish!  Unfortunately, it did to live up to my expectations.  First off, it was served lukewarm.  Back to the oven for my dish!  It was a little better the second time around.  Nothing special about the sauce or meat.  BJ liked his dish, too.  But really nothing special.All in all, a decent meal.  Maybe we ordered the wrong things.  But we had nothing that we would make us want to go back.
5	Love the margherita DOC, love the dessert. Brick oven pizza is a favorite of mine. I like to try many different places & this is a favorite of mine!
2	I have tried II Pizzaiolo twice now and I am not a fan. The food was very good but over priced and the atmosphere is stuffy and very loud. If you are looking for a relaxing night out, this is not the place to go.
2	I actually really enjoy the wine bar behind the actual restaurant. Since it is considered a wine bar in that particular portion of the restaurant, I would except more wine by the glass, no matter the price. I would pay $$$$ for wine by the glass, so I know I like it and then would pay $145 for a bottle.Then there's the main restaurant that I really wasn't that impressed with. We were sat at the table with the most slant...which there were other open tables for two with No slant. Our glasses were sliding down the table so we used our silverware to stop them from sliding. No joke! The food I ordered was penne alla vodka, which was pretty tasty. But for $18, and that's all you get?! I've had better. The bread wasn't impressive, just sliced up sour dough bread with not so high end olive oil. (You can taste the difference between a really good olive oil and a bulk cheap kind). Having said that, I will certainly return to the wine bar for maybe a glass of wine and try maybe the pizza, but not the main restaurant.
5	Excellent Italian restaurant. We ate in the wine bar behind the actual restaurant which was very nice and cozy. We shared the sea bass and eggplant parmesan. Portions were generous and the food was excellent. The eggplant parmesean was the best I have had and rather than the frequently found thin slices of breaded eggplant, this dish had nice thick slices with fresh mozzarella and basil. In addition to a great wine list they also had some unique beer selections. Although we did not try them, the brick oven pizzas also looked worth trying. Service was very attentive. We would return in a heartbeat.
5	If you want great pizza, drinks and a nice date-night atmosphere in Mt. Lebanon area - this is the place. I have been here a few times and it always delivers. I always eat and drink in the wine bar upstairs in the back; lighting is too harsh in the front restaurant portion - also, you run the risk of families, crying children, etc... But upstairs, now you're talking! I always tell my girlfriend that I feel like we are in New York City when we are in the upstairs bar, you are transported for a few hours and get to feel as though you are not just in a suburb of Pittsburgh, PA, no no, it is much more than that. Here is the magic words to unlock this experience -- Tell the hostess downstairs that you will wait for a table upstairs (you want to eat up there and you will be waiting there in the meantime) and to come find you up there when the table is ready, then go up and get a martini or glass of wine at the dimly lit blue bar and enjoy the candles and fire place, then enjoy the meal! (DOC pizza is always our go to). Enjoy
2	I'm not sure what the Mt.Lebo hype is about this place. The portions are small, the place is small, and the foods no more than average. I have been there twice now, thinking the first time might have been a fluke. We've heard so much about it that I have super high expectations. Their wine bar in the back is cute, but small. We couldn't even lift our elbows to sip our drink. While the waiters and service are good, the food is just not impressive. The pasta I got was good, but nothing to write home about. I got a pizza the second time I visited and it had a horrid taste. I don't know if it was the spinach or the cheese but something was VERY potent. They're pricy as well. The only thing I will give them credit for their Italian wedding soup. There's practically nothing in it, as they use think rice instead of noodles, but the broth and meatballs are to die for! Overall, not impressed. I probably won't return.
2	I always used to make sure to have dinner here during my yearly visits to Pittsburgh.This will be the last time as the food was mediocre and the restaurant  looked like it was neglected. There are many new and better restaurants to choose from.The sad state this once cutting edge restaurant devolved into is a real shame as it used to be one of Pittsburgh's best.
5	Favorite Italian in pittsburgh.  Good service, wait times are bearable on weekends (the wine loft makes it easy to wait).  Fantastic food - top choices are the mozzarella and prosciutto appetizer, meatballs app, all pizzas, and gnocchi.  Can't go wrong with anything though.  Dinner can be pricey but worth it for such good food and quality ingredients.
4	I wanted to give this place a "5" but then thought "they should be more generous with their fresh basil this time of year."  (After this past winter we are really craving our Summer herb garden).  This is not an indictment of the quality of the food or experience as all portions were wonderfully seasoned and the staff was overly competent and nice/non-pretentious.  I enjoyed the Italian food menu and Italian wine/beer menu.  I'm not religious but I said a quiet "thank-you" to the stars for not letting us walk out of the place when we were told we would have a 10 minute wait.   It was a Friday night (and we expected some congestion uptown).  We were redirected to wait in the adjacent wine bar, where we happily stayed to wait out our 10 minutes- but we decided to leave after 7 minutes (thinking we could find "somewhere else").  Upon exit we thanked the hostess and asked her to take our names from the wait list.  At that time the hostess informed us that we could be seated right away and that they were beginning to look for us.  We stayed, thankfully.In addition to the Belgian beer and the Italian Summer wine we ordered the Caprese Salad and the Margherita pie.  It was wonderful to receive the appetizer with enough time to enjoy it before the pie arrived because the salad was worth savoring for awhile.  Tasty tomatoes, fresh Basil, and a wonderful, almost mushy, *Mozzarella ball.  The pie was a wonderful blend of a lively aromatic sauce, gently melted slices of Mozzarella cheese, and various stages of wood fired dough throughout.  *The Mozzarella seemed to be crafted in house.  Really fresh and ripe.   Ours was a great experience (food, service, etc.) on a hectic night.  I'm so glad we stayed.  Not too pricey.  Essentially what you would expect to pay for a fine dinner on a Friday night.  Also, the Olive Oil was remarkable, probably a mid to high end Greek.  We would have enjoyed a little more of the Olive Oil in addition to the fresh basil.
5	Awesome  place.  Pizza is very very good and if you didn't know certified Neapolitan style pizza (look up what that means).    I also had the wedding soup and  I've tried them everywhere and was by far the best I've ever had.  I've heard there can be a long wait but we went the saturday before Easter and had a party of 6 but didn't have much of a wait.  If you do have to wait, there is a quaint little wine bar in the back (also has liquor and some bottled beer).  Would definitely go back again.
2	This used to be one of my absolute favorite places to eat. However I had such horrible service here on my last outing that I will NEVER return here again. The server was rude and ungrateful. She reminded me of Lindsay Lohan filming her reality show.The atmosphere in the wine bar is fabulous and the food is decent. I really like the pizza and marinated vegetables. The meatballs are also excellent. Sadly I cannot support a business that provides such poor service.
3	They no longer cut your pizza for you.  Instead, they give yiu a "pizza knife".  Trust me when I say it is barely better than a butter knife.  The server explained that the no longer cut their pizzas b/c it makes the crust go soggy quicker if it is cut.  I'm sorry, but that is just plain LAME!  I guess I will have to bring my own!
5	Delicious, authentic Italian. The best food I had in a long time. Plus, they have a wine bar in a barn behind the restaurant.
2	$20 for a personal pizza with cherry tomatoes, and "some" smoked Gouda. No salad. No meat. No dice. Better deals and better food at a mall food court.
2	Just way to expensive for what it is. It's good but not at the prices they choose. $9 for wedding soup? It was good, but not at that price and if I would've been told it was that much (was a special) I would've passed. Service was fine, but not attentive and slow, as well. Just so many other good Italian places in the area for half the price. Eggplant parm was enjoyable.
5	good pizza    the smoked mozzarella   is the best
4	I've found a new lover, and his name in il Pizzaiolo...I felt like I was in a quaint little restaurant in Italy. The food was amazing! The meatballs were delicious, the prosciutto plate was heavenly, and the spaghetti pomodoro was delectable! My only gripe would be that the pasta was a little too undercooked for my taste. They were a little harder than al dente, but still good. Additionally, the wine list is very nice.The service and atmosphere were ideal as well. I will definitely be back!
5	First of all, Sarah was the most awesome waitress!!! Loved her wine selection suggestions, as well as dinner entree recommendations!The Paccheri Alla Siciliana was a wonderful marinara sauce tossed with eggplant Fresh Bufula Mozzarella balls and was delicious! The pappardelle al funghi, a delicious while wine and olive oil sauce, was tossed with pasta and shiitake mushrooms! Both dishes were delicious and the amazing pure ricotta cannoli for dessert, excellent!!! Highly recommend this restaurant. We ate in the upstairs wine bar. But will definitely come back to sit in the beautiful courtyard garden!
5	have gone here many times and always enjoy it. Great quality food, good portions. Love the atmosphere too
5	Extremely pleased! Loved the bread at the table, wedding soup was amazing, the pizza I chose for dinner was very unique - fried the finished in the fire oven. It was excellent. Loved the Italian craft beer as well! Will be back!
4	Wow I've found Italy in the suburbs of Pittsburgh.Great food, very authentic Italian offering and taste. Good wine list. Come with friends and enjoy a great meal.
5	Expensive but worth it!
5	Have been here multiple times over the past few years. Amazing food...great service and the wine annex is the bomb. Highly recommend and a great date spot or place to entertain people visiting from out of town!
5	Excellent service!  Waitress is friendly and personable.  Clean and nice interior.  Pizza reminded me of authentic pizza from Italy.  Atmosphere is friendly and casual.  Kids will enjoy and adults too!
3	We live close by and wanted to check this place out. Nothing was overly amazing but the food was decent. Decor is your typical Tuscan style and the wood fire oven is interesting to watch. I had one of the veal dishes which reminded me a lot of Chicken Marsala and cost $28. There was no sides, salad and even bread to go with the meal but the size of my portion was ok. The only issue I had,  besides the high cost, was that my meal had no surprises.  It was a very simple dish and for $28 I would expect something more complex. The sauce was everywhere, overpowering the cheese, procuito and mushrooms and there was nothing to counter it. A vegetable or anything would have improved the meal and helped me get through the overwhelming taste of the sauce.  My husband had the lasagna which was very good but cost $19 and I know it did not fill him up. Again it was simple in design and we were expecting something more coming from an Italian background.  Maybe my family is full of over-achievers, so my opinion may be harsh but for the type of food they are creating the price is outrageous. If prices were lower my review would be higher and I say this with years of dining experience in Mt. Lebanon. For the same amout you would be better of going next door to Bistro 19, one of the upscale restaurants in the area. In my opinion they have a far better menu, it is creative,  hearty and the atmosphere is trendy. We went there this summer and I loved everything about the place. Even though its on the expensive side, Bistro 19 is definitely worth it.
