2	Oh Air Canada, while I have certainly benefited from being a slave to your Star Alliance (that round-trip business class to Thailand and Korea on Asiana paid for entirely in points was quite lovely thank you), I am oh so pleased that soon, I will never have to fly with you again. Sure, I thought you were adorable when we had our first flight and you still offered those cute little airplane meals, I loved the way you pronounced "pasta" too. And the couple of times when your overbooking resulted in me getting free business class almost outweighed the multitude of times when the same practice resulted in me shoved in the back by the toilets, far away from my traveling companions. But Air Canada, it just wasn't enough. It wasn't enough to make up for the fact that I once paid almost a thousand dollars to fly coach from Vancouver to Toronto, or the time that I had a shoot in New York and you lost my bag, refused to deliver it to me, and refused to offer any compensation. And Air Canada, remember all those times I pressed the call button? You never responded, not once! Sure, I just wanted to give you way too much money for a crappy beer, but you didn't know that, it could have been a medical emergency!Farewell Air Canada, I won't miss your near monopoly.
1	I paid $1600 to fly from Houston to Rome for a friend's wedding. The cheapest option was to book with United, which involved flying via Montreal. Unfortunately, the Montreal-Rome leg was operated by Air Canada. When I booked the flight I was allowed to select seats on the United flight, but to do the same on Air Canada costs $15 extra so I skipped that step as it didn't seem necessary. Unfortunately it turns out if you don't do that, they'll just give away your seat. So it's not really optional. When I boarded in Houston they already knew they'd given away my seat on the second flight. Instead of telling me that so that I could try to make alternative arrangements (at that point they could have rebooked me through New York, Atlanta, London - the possibilities are endless), they flew me to Montreal for no reason, to be told on arrival that there was no seat for me and that I was on standby. After they confirmed that all the seats on the flight were gone I thought it would be straightforward to get rebooked on a different flight. Unfortunately there was nothing available until 22 hours later - that actually makes sense, since it's their policy to overbook all their flights by 20% (they freely admit to this). Still, what I wasn't expecting was that I would then have to spend 2 hours standing in line at their ticket desk to get rebooked. By the time I got to the hotel they had booked for me, the dining room had closed and it wasn't possible to spend the $15 meal voucher they had given me. On top of that, the agents on the desk seemed to be extraordinarily incompetent - the first ticket they issued me turned out not to be valid at all and when I went back to the airport the next day I had to spend another hour standing in line at the ticket desk to get that rectified.The onward flight was routed through Barcelona so what should have been a 9 hour journey turned into a 14 hour journey. I eventually arrived 36 hours late - 2 hours after the wedding reception had started. I missed the entire rehearsal dinner. Nothing could compensate me for this. But what they did offer was laughable - $200 in cash or a $500 Air Canada voucher.I certainly won't fly with Air Canada again. What they are operating is essentially a scam - pay another fee to book your seat or we'll give it away. And the agents on the ticket desk kept telling me 'next time make sure to book your seat'. What they didn't seem to understand is that there won't be a next time.
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE! HORRIBLE PROCESSES!I used Air Canada for the first time on a recent trip to Montreal and was blown away with the horrible service (both from representatives in Canada as well as the US). We showed up about an hour before our flight because we were delayed and the woman at the desk chewed us out like children for being late. She claimed she was the manager, and had all the other attendants and others in line staring at us as she chewed us out over being late.In the end, she didn't let us on the flight, even though it was delayed and there were seats available. She made us exchange our ticket for a ticket to another city just to be on Standby for the flight that we actually purchased that had available seats. How does that make sense. This flight was delayed (ultimately 2 1/2 hours) but they wouldn't tell us if we were getting off the standby list until AFTER the flight they made us transfer to already left!!! Fortunately, we were able to make it on the flight, but after so many hoops, and so many people that were incredibly incredibly rude to us after paying $750 for coach seats to a location less than an hour flight. The attendants were all disorganized with the absolutely worst attitudes I have ever experienced. I do not know how this airline gets away with such horrible procedures and absolutely wretched customer service.And this is only the experience of us leaving Canada. There was an entirely seperate horrible experience of flying in that I cannot even go into right now. But I can tell you it ended with us speaking to the manager. When we asked what would be done, she said, "Well you can call our corporate customer service, but they will just apologize, and I've already done that...so I guess you'd be wasting your time."I have never been treated so shabbily for any service whether it was in a restaurant, service provider, or airline.
3	I've been using Air Canada forever but it was only in recent years that I noticed how the service went down. I flew from Montreal to Toronto and then from Toronto to Hong Kong using Air Canada in June 2012,  for such a long trip overseas, I expected more accommodating service. I just feel like overall, they do not go above and beyond to make your trip an enjoyable experience. They offer very basic transportation, it's just like taking the bus, but in the air. Not a premium company.They are expensive too! Unless you're traveling over seas, no meals, no snacks, no free headphones for the entertainment system (they charge 3.25 for the worse piece of crap that falls apart).From the check in at the airport, staff appears annoyed, rude and tired. At weigh in, when our baggage went slightly over the 23kg allowed limit, the employee at the counter repeatedly shouted out "It's too heavy, too heavy!" drawing uneeded attention.Seems like the Air Canada employees are all middle aged, especially when it comes to in flight personnel. Flight attendants look unkempt. Women with messy, fly-away hair, no make up, boring uniforms. They just do no look appealing, personality wise either.Once we transitioned from Hong Kong with another flight carrier (Cathay Pacific), we noticed the difference in attentive service, everyone is all smiles and friendly, very youthful and staff is easy on the eyes.
1	I totally agree with a lot of these other posts.  I flew from SFO to Toronto and Toronto to Montreal and back to SFO (from Montreal).First of all, no snacks (like cheap pretzels or crackers or even peanuts)!  I mean come on, that is one strike.Second, was the attitude.  I had some trash from my lunch (so it was more than just a plastic cup and some napkins) and when a flight attendant walked through providing water and cups to the passengers (which, I have to say they did often and it was appreciated) I tried to hand her my plastic bag and she scoffed, "I only have two hands" and walked away.  She never bothered to come back either.When the flight attendants were walking through with food to purchase, never, did any of them ask whether I wanted to purchase anything- they just wisked the cart past me every time.There were other things too like the movie/TV selection was quite limited and didn't change from trip to trip compared to other airlines.I think I won't be using Air Canada again.
1	Oh My Gosh...where to start...well lets start at the beginning. This was my first flight on Air Canada (and subsequently-my LAST) I flew Business Class from Charles de Gaulle to LAX (stopped in Montreal) and because they "switched" planes at the last minute my party and I were separated. My mother and I were seated together and my sister was 3 rows in back of us on the other side of the plane. When we asked why she could not sit across the aisle from us, we were told that the TV was not working and therefore she could not sit there. 20 minutes into the flight, Bruno the "flight director" asked me how I got my seat into its current position, after some demonstration, it was pointed out to me that my seat was broken and we would have to be moved. Bruno insisted we all be moved so we could sit together. So after upsetting quite a few other parties to "accommodate" us, we settled in. (Guess where they put one of the people they moved to accommodate us- yup you guessed it- the seat we were told my sister could not sit it) When my mom took her seat she complained that is wasn't very comfortable so my sister offered to switch with her. Turns out the seat wasn't just hard, it was missing its cushion. My sister was offered a single pillow (yep that good for nothing flat foam thing they offer you for your head) for a 7.5 hour flight. My "new" seat inflated and deflated on its own. Nothing compared to the discomfort my sister withstood but annoying nonetheless. And our meals were served 2 1/2 hours into the flight. When it came time to eat, we couldn't figure out how to work our tray tables. And because the flight attendants had never flown this plane before, they didn't know either. It took about 15 minutes to figure out how to get them to work and then when we did get them up, we couldn't figure out how to get them back down. At the end of this hellish flight Bruno informed us that this was only the 6th flight this plane had taken and they were "taking notes to pass on to the corporate office". Really? Shouldn't this be something you do BEFORE you charge someone $3900.00 to sit on a metal seat for 7 1/2 hours? Apparently not! Now, if you have never flown into Montreal on Air Canada, let me give you a tip, DON'T! Thank goodness we had some time before our connecting flight, because seriously, these people are crazy with their "un" organization! Not to mention. Hope you didn't bring anything on your flight that was liquid (ie; duty free perfume, alcohol) cause you gotta go through security again. WHAT? I just got off a secure flight-what do they think I did from one flight to the next? The ONLY good thing I will say for them is when we got to one of the many checkpoints, they scanned my boarding pass and a picture of my luggage came up. Cool. Sadly, the picture did not show the HUGE whole AC put in my bag. That I'm sure was caused when my baggage fell outta the plane (only guessing) And because my complaint letter came after the 7 day deadline they implement, they take NO responsibility for damaging my property. UNBELIEVABLE.
4	I flew Air Canada on a 3 hour flight from Montreal and was pleasantly surprised based on the negative reviews. Originally, my wife and I had different seats but the gate agent fixed that for us; we flew an Embraer 190 which was comfortable with larger seats and plenty of legroom compared to the U.S. based airlines I have flown before. The service on the plane was friendly and frequent. All of my bags arrived and were not damaged.
4	I really don't understand the negative reviews here.  Air Canada has been my airline of choice for years and yes I have encountered the occasional rude employee (which every company has) but my experiences with them have generally been positive.  Having flown other carriers in the US and Europe they are one of my preferred airlines along with Lufthansa.One thing I like about Air Canada is you get the personal entertainment system on EVERY flight with them and they have outlets so you can plug in your electronics.  If you fly the American carriers you don't get this on domestic flights.  As well for the most part the flight attendants I have encountered have been polite and friendly.Also I have positive things to say about some of their customer service agents.  On a trip to California I missed my connecting flight in Toronto because of weather delays in Montreal.  Due to a server glitch that was messing up all of Pearson (and all the airlines) getting rescheduled with a new boarding pass proved to be more challenging than usual.  Not only did I have to call reservations to get rebooked instead of just talking to an agent getting a boarding pass was next to impossible since the computers were out.  The agent helping me went out of his way to print me a boarding pass because he knew I needed it for a business expense report and a mobile boarding pass just wouldn't work.  I don't know how he did it but he made magic happen!  It might not seem like a big gesture but if you saw how much of a mess the airport was you'd know it was incredibly nice of him to do that for me.
5	The nightmare of a trip home from Las Vegas, caused by United Airlines, was left to Air Canada to fix.The company we were booked into to get us to Toronto from San Francisco (and eventually Halifax). I do have to say, I am supremely impressed with them, and specifically one staff member who upon hearing our terrible time that United had put us through.. took it upon himself to make sure that my girlfriend and I would be in aisle's alone by ourselves. A small, but really genuine helping hand that we both really appreciated and frankly needed.Their in flight entertainment option, "Enroute" is by far the greatest entertainment option in the world, and is, hold your applause.. FREE. It's a great touch added by Canada's main airline. This trip I watched the Lego movie, a comedy special, Just For Laughs, and American Hustle. Besides that, I have flown the majority of my life with this company, and I am still here! Yay for that, and yay for the captains that get us there safe each time.
1	From a lack of organization and communication to charging for alcohol on an international cross-Atlantic flight, Air Canada's service was a disappointment every step of the way. In Rome, we waited in line for an hour only to be stopped at the front for literally 100s of passengers to move in front of us for an earlier flight. I understand the need, but the lack of signage and communication meant we felt incredibly mistreated. I imagined at least five solutions to improve their set-up while we stood and watched people pass us. Once onboard we found a standard US style card in the seat back pocket describing the snacks and drinks we could buy. On an international flight of 9+ hours? Though they never communicated what would happen, we were served meager food, but alcohol was a premium $6.50. We'd flown to Italy on another Star Alliance airline, Lufthansa. They were fantastic in every way. Clear communication about services. Food and drink freely available between served meals. Free alcohol. I'll grant you, our flight was safe and relatively on time, but the experience is not one I'll repeat. I always say when flying international, use airlines outside the US. Except Air Canada. Their service is worse than ours!
1	I do not recommend this airline. It was my first time flying air canada and I was not impressed. I had a flight from San Diego to Toronto, a two hour lay over in Toronto, and then Toronto to Geneva. The staff wasn't exactly friendly, and I was pointed in the wrong direction more than once. My flight to Toronto was not direct, we all got off at Montreal without explanation where we all stood confused in the tunnel for about 5 minutes because the staff on the otherside of the door hadn't let us into the airport gate. When we got into the gate many people had the same question, where do we go if we just got off the plane and want to go to Geneva? The staff seemed irritated with us but they hadn't told us what was happening or what to do but sit and wait. After about an hour we reboarded.The choice for dinner was chicken or pasta. I took the pasta and after mixing it a bit I suspected that it had meat. I asked one of the flight attendance if the pasta sauce indeed contained meat and she said "I don't know they don't tell us the ingredience of the meals" The person sitting next to me was also vegetarian and had already began chowing down after I asked another flight attended who answered "yes there's beef". This should have been told from the beginning when asking which meal we wanted. Finally arriving in Geneva, the airline had lost my luggage and sent me twice to the special baggage area where my baggage was not found. After coming back to the office for the second time, they took another customer who had arrived after I did and attended to her before me. At this point I was pretty pissed and after an hour they had told me my luggage was left at Toronto. Not the greatest welcome for my first trip to Europe.
