4	This location is not closed! In fact, it is the happening place to be, lol!I like that I can go there on a weekend night to buy odds and ends & it's packed, so I don't feel like a loser for not being out on the town :DI've been in a few Walgreens that were not very well organized, but that is not a problem for this place. The store is always clean, organized & the employees are friendly and helpful :)
4	Outside of the insanely high sale tax that is charged in the City of El Mirage (I can't hold the store responsible for that), this is the most convenient and friendliest place to shop for just about all your needs in El Mirage.
2	Love this Walgreens! The store is always clean and tidy. The staff is always friendly and their prices on instore items are comparable to others in the area. We used to use the pharmacy all the time. I have 4 daily meds and my husband has 2 that all get refilled each month. Plus whatever happens to come up when one of us or the kids are ill. So we spent quite a few dollars in prescriptions. However with the Walmart just down the street offering $4 copays on some meds that Walgreens leaves at the $10 insurance copay, it became silly to keep our prescriptions there anymore. Of the 6 regular medicines in our house, 4 fell on the $4 list at Walmart. So by switching our prescriptions we went from $60 a month in prescriptions to just $36!! I prefer the way Walgreens runs their store and their pharmacy. Their drive through is so easy to use (unlike Walmart) and Prescriptions are always ready fairly quickly and the auto call system beats Walmart's by far. But it's just too big a savings to pass up. If I know it's not on the $4 list, I will still take a single (as in non-refill) prescription to Walgreens because the service is faster and nicer!If Walgreens would begin price matching Walmart's $4 list like Costco Pharmacy does, I'd be back in a heartbeat!! So aside from the drastic cost difference between Walgreens and Walmart prescriptions, I would pick Walgreens! 0 stars for Pharmacy because of value4 stars for the store overall cleanliness and product supplyFinal rating is a 2 because while the store is lovely, the main reason I would keep shopping here is for prescriptions and I can't overlook the significant price gap for my family!
4	This is a typical Walgreens store that provides that quiet atmosphere while catering to most of your everyday needs. I usually stop by for an energy drink or to get a few movies from the Redbox located inside. The cashiers are generally polite. All-in-all: The products are a bit pricey compared to the Walmart down the road, but the atmosphere makes it a nice alternative. No complaints here!
