4	I came here to this CVS location via recommendation by my primary veterinarian. My cat had been in the ICU for several days, where they had found masses inside her abdomen, but were unable to identify properly. I made an appointment with Dr. Kimberly Sheaffer, who was about to quickly make new ultrasounds and take an accurate aspirate sample. Although, Dr. Sheaffer had to bear the bad news to me that my kitty had cancer, she was able to provide me with information that everyone else was at a loss for.I will definitely come back here when I need further help with internal medicine or oncology related issues.
1	If I could give this facility no stars, I would. Unfortunately that is not an option. I took my 2 dogs to the facility in Matthews after they had gotten into D-Con in the garage. My regular vet couldn't treat them and he referred me to this bunch of shysters. To begin with, they had no clue what to do and I had to call Animal Poison Control and pay them a fee so they could tell these fools how to treat my dogs. During the process they had to call the poison control several times because they just couldn't follow the instructions. Then I got the bill from them: $524.16! They charged me $318 for 200 pills of Vitamin K. I went online when I got home to see how much Vitamin K should cost and it was on several sites for just $40 - and that included shipping! I called the facility and their excuse was they had to pay shipping and of course a markup. An 800 percent mark up? I was stunned and asked to speak to the owner, but of course he wouldn't come to the phone. Then the administrator called me and said she noticed they over charged me by $127 for other services and said I could return the unopened bottles of Vitamin K they sent me home with. When I went back to the vet, I found out one of the bottles they had given me was opened - and the girl who originally gave me the bottle remembered she gave me an opened bottle - and now they won't take back the medicine! They claim that since it's upopened I could have done something to the medicine. Even when I argued back that they gave me the opened bottle they refuse to take the medicine back. This place is a total rip-off and they take advantage of pet owners. Go any place but here! They should be shut down by the state for abusive practices. Shame on them for taking advantage of distraught pet owners!
5	Both of my dogs have had surgery at this Carolina Veterinary Specialists location. One had neuro surgery to relieve pressure on her sciatic nerve and the other had a torn CCL and required surgery to repair. We've seen Dr. Bergman, Dr. Quigley and Dr. Dvorak. All have been extremely professional and seem to genuinely care about their patients. They explained the issues and possible treatments in layperson terms and answered any follow up questions after I did my own research before agreeing to surgery. They were prompt with follow up calls during and after surgery and returned any phone calls I made. They are pricey, there's no getting around that. They provide specialist services, some of which aren't available elsewhere in this area (neuro) and for that it's not going to be cheap but they accept CareCredit and other methods of payment. Now, I hope to not have to use them in the future as I want my companions healthy but if I do I will comfortable knowing that we're in good hands.
5	I cannot say enough good things about everyone who has treated my dog at CVS, as well as their state-of-the-art facility.My dog was diagnosed with two different kinds of cancer and has been treated by at least 4 of their 13 doctors, plus one of their emergency vets during a nighttime emergency.  They have all been consummate professionals and offered every treatment option, allowing me to decide how to proceed. Their facility offers every diagnostic tool including MRI and gets immediate lab results on blood work. Dr. Claudia McFadden is his medical oncologist and she is the most compassionate, gentle, supportive, and knowledgeable vet possible. The woman is a saint & whatever they're paying her, it's not enough. :) She has made this whole nightmare process as easy at it can possibly be.  I'm so glad we're working with her.When my dog required amputation surgery they took such good care of him that he still gets excited to hop in the front door for every chemo appointment.  The techs are patient and knowledgeable, able to answer questions and reported promptly on my dog's condition.Even the front desk staff is trained and knowledgeable about animal health, as well as being very efficient at processing our account.  They know us when we walk through the door & are always cheerful.  My dog's prescriptions were actually less expensive from the clinic than they were when I refilled them at a human pharmacy, too- that never happens!The fact that someone is there 24/7 gives me great peace of mind, that I can take our pets in & find excellent treatment at any time. And I drive an hour (two in rush hour!) to get there...totally worth it.I feel as though I'm paying fair prices for what we're asking of them; it's not cheap, but who wants cheap medical care??!!  These are board-certified, highly trained professionals with every tool at hand and I would recommend them without hesitation.
5	I have visited CVS on several occasions, but most recently I have been taking my Golden Retriever to see Dr. McFadden for chemo treatments, to decrease the chances of a Mast Cell Tumor returning/spreading.  Although (of course) I wish my dog was not sick, I must say that the entire process has been easier and more pleasant than I ever imagined.  I will preface my review by saying that I run a boarding facility in Charlotte and have very high standards for both customer service and the treatment of my dogs.  Here are some of the reasons I am impressed with CVS -1.  Low employee turnover - each time I visit I am greeted by the same pleasant receptionist and the same treatment team.  Many other vets I have visited seem to have different staff every few months, and I worry they do not know my dog or remember specific things about her (for instance she is terrified of crates and aggressive towards cats).2.  Focus on patient education - I have NEVER felt pushed to do a specific test/treatment or spend a certain amount of money.  Each time I have gone to CVS, the doctors (particularly Dr. McFadden and Dr. Treuil) have spent more than 45 minutes with me... explaining what they currently think, what additional tests can be done, the advantages of different treatment options, answering my questions.  They recommend books and websites for me to check out if I want to use additional resources, and do not pressure me to make a decision right away.  They are also generous with their time over the phone.  I feel as though I am their only customer, even though I know there are hundreds of others.3.  Compassionate and friendly people - Jenny's treatment team always greets her warmly, by name.  She wags and wiggles and is never afraid to follow them to the back.*And last, a word about the cost of emergency/specialist services.  Yes, many of the services at CVS are expensive (several hundred to several thousand dollars), but this does not make the doctors or their staff "greedy" as people have written in other reviews.  The doctors have invested 10+ years in higher education and the clinic has spent millions of dollars on diagnostic equipment, not to mention the cost of cleaning their beautiful facility and staffing it 24/7.  Those costs need to be recouped somehow, it is simply how a business works.  You will find the fees at CVS are comparable to ANY 24 hour clinic in a large city.  If the cost of a service seems prohibitive, you can always check into the CareCredit program.  Dr. McFadden and her team have kept my dog strong, healthy and comfortable for the past 6+ months and I cannot thank them enough :)
3	Be careful when picking up your meds, they gave us dog medication that belonged to another family for one of our cats.
