3	NO "Show us your papers please" B.S. at the checkout. And nice prices. Example: Can of beans at the Albertson's next door: $1.69, but only $1 if you sign over your privacy, etc. Same can of beans at F&E: 99 cents, no card to sign up for, no coupon, just buy it.   In my book that's a win. I hate the frigging separate key-chain full of bar-codes I'm forced to carry to get "Deals" anywhere I go anymore. Now, beyond that rant, this place is great for high entertainment. When you go in the morning there's this guy working, who got to be pushing idk 55 or so and he wears over sized short-short jogging shorts, and he never greats you with "Hello," or, "Good morning." He will look you dead in the eye, and almost sternly (but not offensively) ask, "Are you alright?" Like you've just hit your head or something. I'm not sure he even know he does it but it's hilarious, and I have to bite my tongue from laughing. Also I've mentally nicknamed him YMCA because of these shorts. Good prices, clearly labeled organics, good quality store-brand generics (the kids don't even complain about them!) and a little jogging shorts show. What more could you want from a grocer? BONUS: The aisles are not clogged with patio furniture for sale, bicycles, over sized teddy bears, etc.
4	Happened to be driving by this location on the way home the other day and decided to stop by and see if it was as good as the one in my neighborhood.They didn't have as many discounted items as I tend to find at my regular Fresh & Easy store, but I was able to find a few items anyway.It was a lot busier than my normal store too.  Overall, a decent shopping experience.Will I return?  If I happen to be in the area, sure.
4	We shop here at least 2-3 times a month.  It is always well stocked, clean and the staff is always friendly & helpful.  My fave food items here are their produce, mango orange juice, green chile sourdough bread and they always have corn tortillias for .99 cents!Try the Butternut Squash Ravioli from the prepared meals section-we top it with a splash of olive oil, the grated parma reggiano cheese and fresh pepper! Easy, fast and delicious!
4	This place is often on my domestic route for groceries;  they have quality meat for low prices, and their ready-to-go food is the best quality/cost I know of from a market chain.  Even their microwave bachelor meals are excellent! They always have great specials and a 10-25% off coupon in circulars.   This store is always very clean and cheery.
4	I really like this place. I love seeing fruit that's so fresh you can put a from farm to market in 24 hours sticker on it.. Oh yea! No about to go sour fruit here! The prices for some of the fruit, particularly stuff that's only 24 hours old, is a little higher than what I'd LIKE to pay, but I'm totally willing to pay a little extra for fresh. I like the fact that the food doesn't have preservatives, hfcs, and all that other crap in it. Imagine.. A grocery store with REAL food! Who ever thought of such a thing! :P
3	If I need to pick up a couple of staples, I'll pop over to Fresh & Easy as it's just across the street from us. However, if I'm going to do my weekly grocery shopping, I almost never go to Fresh & Easy, opting for a full supermarket. I do a lot of cooking and am always trying new dishes. The problem with Fresh & Easy is that they don't have a ton of options and usually does not have at least a few of the ingredients I need. So rather than having to go to multiple stores, I generally forego Fresh & Easy. But if I just ran out of milk or celery or something equally as common, Fresh & Easy is a good option.
4	Ahhh F&E! I love coming here! Do you want fresh and sometimes inexpensive yummy produce? Come here!!ALSO sign up for the rewards card because you will get better coupons than in the sale ads!Here I like to get the .99cent produce packs as well as the salad mixes. They have the BEST most crisp and delicious gala apples and they are 3 for .99! Occasionally you can find 4 small avocados for .99 and in the summer they have some super juicy peaches for 1.99 for a 3lb bag! I love the fresh produce here!Another thing I get excited over is the mark down area! Lots of times I go in at night after the gym and they have many healthy choices marked half off or more!! I often get the white white is single packs because they are .99 for 1 or you can buy the 5lb bag which is 4.99! Also they have the YUMMIEST frozen sweet corn for 1.49.I like the workers here, many are very sweet and kind and go the extra mile to assist my son and I out. They give him stickers and dont yell at him when hes being a wild child running around. I could go to one large store and get everything but I appreciate the quality of the food they have here and dont care if I have to go to 3 stores, as long as I get what tastes yummy and doesnt go old overnight!
3	Needed some snacks for a meeting so I swung by here because it was convenient.  I was also determined to find the stupid loyalty card.  Because its all self checkout, it is hard to find someone to ask.  I found someone and he treated me like I was a dumbass.  They were hanging above checkout.  Well, excuse me.  Look at the picture I took.  The damn things look like they are gift cards. Grrr.This location is an eerie carbon copy of the Lake Mead location.  Even the random British chocolate bars are in the exact same place. Middle of the "ethnic foods" aisle.  I love that British people are ethnic. :)I agree with Danna.  If you need one or two things and you know they have it, great.  But you can't get all your shopping done here so why bother.  It's like a 7 Eleven with a fairly decent meat and cheese selection.I did buy enough stuff that I backed up the conveyor belt and the self-checkout yelled at me.  That prompted the guy who treated me like a dumbass to come over and bag my groceries.  So I got out of that annoying chore.  But once he was done with me, he didn't help the little old lady next to me.  Just went back to doing whatever Fresh & Easy employees do.I don't think F&E will ever rock my world but its A-OK for a quick trip.
5	Good prices! Love the new friends card. Saved 14$ with points and an 8 $ coupon . Awesome. Plus super friendly staff
5	Great fresh products ,great customer service , healthy choices great prices
4	Friendly service and quality products. This is not my regular store, but didn't let me down from my high expectations for this chain.
3	I do not go to Fresh and Easy very much.  The stores just aren't appealing to me except for a couple of items--generally snacks.  They have peanut butter filled salted pretzel nubs, some good salted kettle chips, and very decent trail mix for hiking.That's about it for me.  I was going by here yesterday and thought it would be a quick and easy stop and it was.  Since I have no preconceived notion where things should be, I just walk around like a zombie with a purpose to find what I want.Checkout was quick--I only had two items, and then I went across the street to Albertsons where I did a bit more serious shopping.
5	I don't know how I will grocery shop once I leave Las Vegas and all the Fresh & Easy locations. First, if you sign up for their in-store card, it's what I like to call a "game changer." You get personalized coupons emailed to you every week (printable or mobile friendly), and another weekly flier email also usually includes a $10 off a $50 purchase. I regularly save at least $15 every time I buy groceries, right off the bat.Along with saving money, F&E is great about grouping in-store deals together. You can do a lunch combo for $6 that includes a meal, a side, and a drink, with a TON of options. Sometimes they offer "buy one, get one free" set-ups, and a new thing is getting a free item every Friday - like a free box of taco shells if you buy a pound of hamburger.The money stuff is great, but the food is what seals the deal. They have a great food selection with a lot of tasty combos, and an average section for household goods like paper products and bath supplies (maybe better off buying at Walmart). Everything I've bought from there has indeed always been fresh and easy to make. It's super simple to put together tasty, fairly healthy meals.Try shopping here once and it might change your life. I've converted two people already.
5	I think this place is awesome. It's not huge, so don't expect a fully stocked grocery store but the stuff they have is always great. They have lots of prepared food that all you need to do is heat it up at home (microwave or oven). Super easy and healthy...and affordable for what you're getting. Perfect for someone looking to be able to "cook" quick and healthy meals.
3	I used to LOVE F&E. Like, swore I'd never go anywhere else. I loved their loyalty program, the Friends Rewards, the coupons, and earning cash back.Then I found out I had to go gluten-free. And then dairy free. Needless to say, my shopping habits changed. F&E does carry an "OK" selection of specialty products, however, the rest of their food seems to all be made on shared equipment with wheat, etc. I've had pretty severe reactions from some of the food. This isn't their fault, and won't affect most people who can eat the standard American diet- however, I dropped their stars because the customer service in the store has gone down, and my rewards program hasn't reflected any changes in my shopping behavior. Those great incentives I started with now don't apply to me, and I'm a bit bummed about it.
1	What we had was beautiful, sigh, but all good things must come to an end eventually.  I used to enjoy all of your thoughtful gestures that showed me that you appreciated me, the customer.  You were so charming, constantly surprising me with your great prices, coupons, loyalty program, and amazing specials.  And I was so devoted, rarely setting foot in any other grocery store, constantly telling my friends all of your wonderful attributes. But that all ended abruptly when the new management company took over.  No more weekly coupons, prices were marked up,  sale prices became a joke, and no more clearance aisle.   I know that you have a business to run, but why did you have to totally ruin a good thing?  It seems like management brainstormed ways to irritate and inconvenience all of their previously devoted customers.  Shopping here is no longer affordable or convenient.Your new management stinks.  I'm officially breaking up with you.
3	I just had finished checking out at Fresh and Easy with my daughter to go grocery shopping. At first when my daughter walked in while I was getting the shopping cart, a man who worked there asked my daughter if she was cold, and she answered back politely and said yes, then he asked for a high five. My daughter was a lite weirded out at first. When we were checking out after we were done shopping, the same man goes up behind my daughter and touches her on her shoulders and shakes her, trying to be funny, but my daughter felt uncomfortable. I as well was. The man was very sweet but he clearly has boundary issues.
4	Ironically my first experience years ago with Fresh and Easy was not so good but now I'm a fan.  I like that it's small, I can get in and out in fairly short order and they have small portions of usually very fresh fish.  They have a lot of prepared food ready to go although I usually purchase that when I know I won't have time to cook and what looks like a decent selection of poultry and meat.Bottom line... I like to buy fresh and the make it easy!  ;-)FYI - Fresh and easy is all self check-out.
3	F&E is a favorite grocery chain of mine- and we have many to choose from in the Vegas Valley. First fell in love with the store in California, then the company was bought out and closed several locations, and I was happy to find this one within a few blocks of my work today.What stands out about this location is the friendly staff- for a place that has barely any employees and all self-checkout, I often come to expect no interaction with store staff. But here? I was greeted upon entry, checked on once during my visit as I looked for an item, and was thanked as I left.Store layout is the same as other F&E's, making it easy to find the clearance rack and the essential items you came in for- though the majority of my time is always spent scouring the refrigerated cases for discount stickers. Love how all locations start marking premade items, produce, and meats the day before or day of their sale expiration- just wish I knew when they put the stickers out!Side note about this location in particular: they actually have an in-store bakery, which I have yet to see in other locations. Bread/bakery section is larger here because of this, which is nice, though I don't buy those items.Also of note: the parking closest to the store entrance is divided between Hybrid car-specific spaces and families with children spaces, as indicated by signage. Found this odd and a slight bit infuriating (well, the hybrid cars thing- I can support safer parking for kiddos), given the astronomical heat we get in this city. But whatever.Great markdowns, in-store juices, presence and friendliness of staff? All good!Join their friends program with email coupons- hate having to print them (so old school!) but they're good value, up to $3 off (obviously not applicable to mark-down prices). One of my favorite items here is the sweet onion cashews, definitely pick up a bag to try!
4	I took one star away, the only serious complaint I have about this place is the entrance, the ground is very dirty with grime and black gum everywhere, it looks like it hasn't been cleaned in a few years. It's not the best first impression when people are hungry and are looking to buy groceries.They have a good selection of produce, meat and dairy for a small store. Everything is well organized, you can find what you need without wandering around isles. Not the best prices, but I feel I pay for the convenience.What I like about this store is you can get in an out without a hassle, the place is never crowded, you never have to wait in line impatiently, you grab what you need, you check your items out at your own speed and you're gone.Once in awhile someone will greet you when you walk in but the majority of the time only the security will greet you on the way out. They could work a little more on their customer service other then that, I come back regularly.
3	While shopping, this morning, the employee stocking the end caps with ready to eat sandwiches and etc. continuously leaned into the end caps, over the food, to blow her nose. So gross.
2	I stop at this store maybe once or twice a month.  It's on the way home from my gym.  I've never really been a fan because they don't take manufacturer's coupons and I find their prices high, especially for a place where I have to pack my own groceries.  I don't shop there enough to rack up $5 coupons so that program does not benefit me.  And the one thing I really did like about their store they took away with the overhaul and that was the markdown section.  The employees are always friendly and at 7 a.m. during the week it's very easy to get in and out of.
1	There was a huge dead moth packaged with my broccoli stalk. This place used to be great until the new owners took over. Even the bags are cheaper and ripped open on me while I was carrying my groceries up the stairs -_-. But of course, the day I opened the fresh broccoli I had just bought to make me and my son some lunch, there was something black in it. I was like what the heck is that? Cut it open, and a HUGE, black, dead moth was there. Yum. I will never go there again because they are apparently not very hygienic where they package your food. This is my warning!
5	The name says it all, Fresh and Easy!  The meals ready to cook are all pretty awesome. The staff is super nice and helpful.
1	Fresh & easy just lost a loyal customer. This location is near my house and Ive been coming here almost everyday, if not twice a day. Every since they started the remodel I have been very disappointed. They used to have a large variety of precooked meals to choose from. Now they have nothing! I tried to be patient and wait until they were done remodeling. Remodel is finsihed, and there still isnt much food to choose from.Now they have a section where they serve hot food. Good idea but horribly executed. First of all, the addition of new employees is my least favorite part. They suck! I went in today on Christmas eve to get a personal pizza for myself. They guy begind the counter complained to my face and said he didn't feel like rolling a pizza and then continued to talk mess to another employee. It took me all my strength not to slap him silly. Thats just rude. I tried to guve them another chance and come back once I got off of work. Once again, no food and no one at the hot food counter. I will never in my life shop here again. This was once my favorite market,  but now I will avidly tell everyone I know to never again shop at this establishment!!!!!! You dont play with a woman whens shes hungry!
1	I had never been to a fresh and easy, so when I got a flyer in the mail about the re-grand opening of the vegas drive store I went to check it out. I did not buy anything the day of the re-grand opening because the store was very crowded so I just looked around. I did go back on christmas eve to get a few things. They were out of many items that were on sale...including 3 of the items I wanted, so I left the store emptyhanded....I posted a comment on the stores facebook page and got a robo type response..." thank you for reaching out to us....blah, blah, blah, hope to see you soon in our stores" I would think that seeing as Fresh and Easy went to all that expence to "rebrand" its self and try to gain new customers that they would have made some sort of effort to get an unhappy "new" customer back in the store. I posted a comment on the company's corp. facebook page.......no response what so ever!!!! I get the feeling that getting new shoppers to the store is not important to them. Guess that was the reason for the rebranding, to many customers went elsewere...
1	Barren, isolating, and uncomfortable. I came by this fresh n easy because I knew it was one of the remodels. The shelves where nearly empty. There was an overly anxious security guard, and one usually helpful employee. Almost no food choices, and the whole place was laid out illogically, forcing you to wonder, and stress. Unlike the old setup where there would be 4-8 registers open, there were two, slowly functioning registers. None of the new automated machines worked. The soda drafts were out of order. The smoothie machine was out of order. No hot soup, no one at the sandwich deli. It felt like the little brother of whole foods that's trying way to hard to be cool. I just wanted to go in and buy a premade salad, but there was one salad in the refrigerator. My only regret it not taking photos. I nervously bought a bag of carrots, and left as quickly as I could once I realized this was not the fresh n easy I could buy dinner and lunch for tomorrow at. I didn't want to upset the guard by leaving without a purchase.
