5	LOVE, LOVE, love this place!! I've been going to Sue for my hair for years and now she's at this new hair salon and it's the best. My friends and I had a "spa day" here for my bachelorette weekend and it was the amazing! They offer everything here, I got a pedicure, spray tan, and a massage. My friends had their hair done and had gotten facials. They were very accommodating and my friends are still talking about it.  Some of them are even coming back to the salon a day or two before the wedding to get services done and they're coming from California!
4	I went to Velvet Powers today for a gel nail full set and she is awesome! She technically works out of the Med Spa in the same complex, so it was a little tough finding her (I initially found a Groupon for a $25 full gel set, so I was just using my GPS) but I just called her cell and she led me right to the spa. She is super friendly and bubbly and she actually did a really great job on my nails! She listened to exactly what I wanted and explained every step along the way. I will definitely keep coming back! My nails look amazing!
4	This review is regarding Velvet at Posare Salon (inside the tanning section of the salon. She has her own room inside). I went to get eyelash extensions and she was the most pleasant, experienced and knowledgeable specialist. Velvet made me feel very welcome and her warm personality made me relaxed as she added eyelash extensions. It was an extremely positive experience. Her prices are reasonable and she does it all--everything from nails, facials, permanent make-up to eyelash extensions. She's incredible! Velvet has years of experience. You'll love chatting her up. Definitely worth the visit. Don't forget to tip for your services and that includes eyelash extensions.
5	I just LOVE this salon...Sue and her staff are the best...I love the set up of the place as well...so much room..the staff is so friendly...they have great prices!  I have been going to Sue for the longest time...she knows my hair and what I like!  Glenda is a "nails" lady...the best in the gel world!! If you want extensions...then you have to see Bea...she made mine so awesome, and again you get a great price, with quality work!!! They do girls day get togethers for any occasion...Im planning my bday party with 8 gf's to pick what they want to do...with refreshments and cakes (that im bringing, for my gf's and the fab staff!)  THANK GOD FOR POSARE!!!  Oh and the boutique has some beautiful things!!! Aloha to Sue and staff...LOVE YA!!!
1	Warning!  Bought the groupon for the Brazilian Blow Out....I have had this treatment done more than once.  There are Steps THAT HAVE to be done. The girls that did this treatment DID NOT do all the steps.  I also think that the product was not the same.  It may of been in the "Brazilian Blow Out" bottles...My hair did NOT take!  They also rushed and had me out of there in One Hour...SORRY but thats NOT how long it takes.  RIP OFF
5	I have been going to Gigi for about a year to have my nails done.  She uses professional CND products and there is never that bad smell associated with nail products.  She takes her time and is very professional.   I would recommend her summer gel manicure and spa pedicure for anyone who is looking to get pampered with top of the line products for an affordable price!  One of the best in town!!!
3	Bought a groupon for gel manicure. Turns out this place does everything- from tanning, to waxing, to hair, to nails, etc etc. All the technicians seem to have their own workspace and they all schedule their own appointments. Since this wasn't a dedicated nail salon I was a little disappointed in the selection of gel colors. She didn't have the big rack displays of polishes to pick from. I just had to tell her a color and she pulled out bottles from her drawers for me to pick. I requested pink with sparkles and she only had ONE kind... so that's the one I went with. Overall the technician was nice and I got a good manicure, however if you want a wider selection then just go to your normal neighborhood nail salon. However Posare seems to be your one stop shop for all your cosmetic beauty needs which is convenient.
