1	If I could give Sophia Fiori negative stars, I would. Please do your research online and you will see they are SCAMMERS!!!! I wish I had....The only reason I purchased from this company was because we had a friend working for their co. She actually drove me to their warehouse where I hand picked the jewels that I wanted. Mind you, I know jewelry and I knew these were not DeBeers or Harry Winston, but they were beautiful pieces, plus I wanted to help her and let her get the commission. I should have know something was up when they didn't want to take American Express! This was the first red flag. I insisted, as this was the only card I had on me, and they accepted it. I purchased the jewels and enjoyed them, but a few months later, my friend told me that she saw the EXACT SAME bracelet I purchased for $18k on a cruise ship (SF sells on ships- another red flag), for $8k! I never had the jewels appraised, so I wasn't sure. I contacted Bernard Bachoura, who claims to be the designer who joined his family's business when he was 16. I was pretty upset, as you would imagine, well Bernard's smug, arrogant attitude did nothing to calm me down. My husband called him back and apologized, saying I was tough, but I honestly did not like the idea of my husband buying me this beautiful jewelry that was actually all a farce- because it was A COMPLETE RIP OFF. In any case, Mr. Bachoura explained that if we got an appraisal we would "see that the bracelet was worth 18k." He claimed he would "stand behind his brand". Really? My husband and I knew this was a false claim, but went and got the appraisal anyways. Guess what:  we got the bracelet appraised (by a leading jewelry co) for $8400.00. So when we sent this to Bachoura what did he do, he disputed our dispute with American Express, never return phone calls, never returned emails, and the only thing he is standing behind now is shadows. DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY. THEY ARE SCAMMERS. He may give out swag to celebs to get some press, but the REAL CLIENTS PAY FOR IT WITH SUB-STANDARD PRODUCTS AND SERVICE.
2	Ok, after some conversations, reviews, and complaints I made to consumer organizations (not sure if this had anything to do with it), Sophia Fiori decided to give me a credit. While I am appreciative of the credit and glad they decided to exhibit some customer service and show credibility, I also think that paying with American Express worked to my advantage. AX opened an investigation about the issue and perhaps this also encouraged SF to pursue a resolution.  Always pay with Amex. Be leary of businesses that do not take AX. (They didn't want to take it initially, btw. )  They did resolve it. I just had to be insistent.
