5	Okay, here's my perfect spa day. I roll up into Hotel Valley Ho and relinquish my ride into the trusty hands of the hotel valet attendant. I stroll into the hotel, through the airy lobby, the slinky lounge and into Cafe Zuzu where I plop down in a cozy nook. I throw back a cup of Joe, down an egg white omelet  and take in a few rich bites of grits (secret ingredient: mascarpone cheese). Then I make my way outside, past the Oh Pool (I'll hit that later) and up the stairs to the VH Spa. I take one step in the spa and breath in the signature Red Flower scent that laces the air and check in at the reception desk. Then I saunter into to the women's lounge where the jazzy tunes and the crisp white and blue hues make me smile. I slip into the oversized blue spa robe and my slippers. I slather on the Red Flower lotion so the scent of the spa and I become one. Then I plop into one of the retro loungers in the waiting area and sip on fancy hot tea. My services for my fantasy day would start with the Lomi Lomi full-body scrub and massage and then the reclined manicure and pedicure, which I would float away from elated, totally relaxed and with a stupid smile on my face. Then I would change into my swimsuit, head downstairs to the pool, order up a veggie wrap and then sleep off my spa stupor in a lounger. I would awake refreshed, still slaphappy and head back upstairs to the spa and shower and slather myself in yet more gobs of Red Flower lotion. I would check out reluctantly, pop my head into the boutique and then make my way slowly back to the lobby, taking in the historical architecture and the happy vibe that permeates the property. I might linger in the lounge and dial up a few friends and see if anyone wants to meet at Trader Vic's for a Mai Tai. I would leave with bated appreciation of how lucky are we to have this chic boutique spa smack in the center of a hotel draped in a glamorous past. And then, as I hop back in my car, I would take a deep long whiff of my forearm and remember my fantasy day.... INSIDER SPA KNOW-IT-ALL TIP: For the rest of the year (through Dec. 31, 2008), VH Spa is offering $50 Wednesdays: 50-minute Aromatherapy Massage, True Facials and Pedicures are $50 bucks.
2	What a disappointment. My boyfriend took me here for my birthday and we both were so disappointed we almost re-booked new appts somewhere else. It wasn't horrible or dirty or gross or anything - just not the relaxing birthday experience I wanted. First, I'll admit - I'm obsessed with spas. I go to hotel spas all the time, and I've been to almost everyone in the Valley. While this has made me slightly spoiled, it also gives me good perspective. The VH Spa is just not very warm or comfortable or spa like. It's more like a Ikea locker room had a baby with a Massage Envy. The decor is cute and retro and funky, but the set up is not conducive to an "all inclusive spa day"  and not very relaxing. There were cleaning people and maintenance people coming in and out of the locker room. This made me a little uneasy. There was no place to really chill in the locker room - which was also the changing room - which was also the place to shower - which was also the place to "relax" - etc. In order for a spa to be good they need a whole area just dedicated to the hot tub, steam room, dry sauna, relaxation room etc. The VH doesn't have this. That's half the reason I book the spa day in the first place. Very disappointing.The massage itself was just ok. I'd give it a B- or maybe even a C+. The pool was NOT relaxing at all as it was FULL of Scottsdale douches being loud and crazy and showing off their guns and their fake boobs and their tans. I'm a little of a douche myself, and I'm all for a party pool - but NOT when I'm at a spa. The DJ (yes - a DJ!) was playing "Party like a Rockstar" so loud that my sunglasses were vibrating. It was so crowded we couldn't get a chair. F that! I was a hotel guest who just had a spa treatment and I ' even "relax" by their MTV video wannabe pool party? Lame!I went back to my room and sulked. When we went down to the lobby for a drink we met a couple who was checking out early because their experience was so bad. They were there for a spa retreat and were very upset that the spa sucked and the pool was impossible to enjoy. I wasn't THAT unhappy with my experience, but I did understand what they were saying.The Valley Ho is not one of the top tier spas here in AZ, but it is certainly not the worst either. It's more kind of meh + needs improvement. I'll probably give it one more chance.
5	I got home an hour ago and I'm so thrilled with the service here - This is actually three five-star reviews:1. Body Scrub with Robbie 2. Massage with Robbie3. Facial with Claudia. Today I discovered that I have finally found one person I want working on me in terms of massage and what a good day it was! Robbie is officially my favorite masseuse. I have had massages in Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Palm Springs, and San Diego and while I've enjoyed them all I have never written the person's name down in my day planner to remember to ask for that person next time. I did that today - with both Robbie AND Claudia. Robbie did my scrub and massage and he has a really nice touch - firm, but not too overbearing, with smooth transitions. I thoroughly enjoyed my time with him and I will be back to request him again. I also had a facial with Claudia. Let me tell you, Claudia KNOWS her business. She took one look at me and knew exactly what kind of skin I have (and therefore what products to use on me). As she went through each stage of the facial, she explained to me exactly what each step was that she was about to slather on me and what I should expect (i.e., "Now I'm applying a pineapple and papaya [something or another], it should tingle a little bit.") I left the hotel completely rejuvenated and impressed with my services.
3	A Mani/Pedi lying down? weird.  Was told it was aimed at a 'spa experience' for enjoyment & relaxation.  I have to say I wasn't (and couldn't) get relaxed lying down on a treament massage table getting my nails done.  A silk eye mask was placed over my eyes but i felt claustiphobic & after a few minutes and removed it.Oh, and get this: you have to undress (like for a massage) and put robe on before getting your nails done.  I immediately foresaw the furture of getting dressed later & almost refused changing.   OK, so how the HECK r u suppose to get dressed afterwards with tacky nails??? ya, that was fun - i got all stressed out thinking about it.  Then heart pulpatations began when leaving: I had to pull clothing out of the locker, & do up zippers, buttons, ect.  (that was quite a feat).I am giving 3 stars because it does not effect the over-all rating system.  and basically i am still mystified at the whole different experience.  1 star for no quiet, zen-like waiting room2 stars for clothing hassle3 stars for strange position4 stars cleanliness5 stars for end result.3 stars - overall resultYes, the end result was fabby, but i really do like massage chairs with your own private foot jacuzzi, reading a mag, listening to music, drinking some nector of some-sort.Jenn H. aptly describes the rest the general spa experience the best - she hits it right on with her insightfulness.  I've also been to many of the scottsdale resorts, so I do look forward to the whole resort spa experience where it's all quiet, darkened, candles, zen-like, aromatherapy aromas, & meditation rooms.  This was totally oppisite.  Different strokes for different folks i guess.  I'm just glad there's still dozens of other spas to experience here :-)+
3	Don't misunderstand my 3-star review, I'm a fan of the VH Spa and I'll be back. I have been there twice now, once for a massage and once for a facial. I like their locker room - great showers! with all the products you could need - although I wish it were a bit larger, I wish there was a sauna (although the steam room is nice) and I wish that there was a "quiet" room or a larger sitting room to relax in. I love to be able to take advantage of the "spa facility" and theirs is just OK. However, they are running specials there constantly lately and I feel like I get a good value for my money. I've been very pleased with both of my services there so far. With access to the spa you also get access to their pool area all day, which I took advantage of on my last visit. Small pool but a nice one, with TONS of lounge chairs. My massage tech advised me on my last visit that wednesdays they run specials, 60 minute massages for $50 and 90 minute massages for $90.
2	Teeny tiny.  And I lived in a studio apartment in nyc for 5 yrs.  The facilities were minimal and didn't live up to the hype.  From the get go the experience didn't leave me wanting to return. The check-in desk was a little rude as they wouldn't let me check me in with a locker too early.  huh? Don't remember if they were all booked up or what excuse they told me.  However, I had a good facial- she was pleasant, experienced, and didn't go crazy with the extractions.
1	I would give it zero stars if I could.Sigh.My old friend was in town, and we hadn't seen each other in years.  We planned on getting together, having facials and massages, then laying around the pool all afternoon before a fancy dinner.I had a gift certificate from spafinder and thought that the spa at the Valley Ho seemed like a great choice!We arrived 15 minutes early, were checked in, showed our robes, given lockers, and told to wait in the waiting room for our technicians to fetch us.We waited.And waited.And waited.After approx 40 minutes (which went by fast as we're old friends and had a lot of catching up to do), I poked my head towards reception and was told "We forgot you were here, we're sorting it out"Another 20 minutes pass, and employees start trying to devise plans to accomodate both of us and both of our appointments.  The hour long wait cost us our much anticipated pool time, they put my friend in a hotel room with a mobile table for her massage, and my afternoon of relaxation turned to extreme anxiety and disappointment.They did not apologize, simply took our money and turned their noses up at us.  The worst of it is, I used my birthday GC on this piece of crap spa :(Such a waste.
1	Asked and was confirmed for a female masseur and was given a male masseur who I didn't want to offend by declining the massage. He massaged with a very soft grip and pressure which was very awkward because his hand skin was very dry and hard.About the facilities: Outside light penetrating in the room. Some showers had all he lotions necessary, some didn't even have the bare minimum like shampoo and conditioner. The gym was very basic and while I could use it while waiting for my friends who were forgotten about,  it wasn't properly equipped for free-weight training.This place sucks if you want to relax. I had a coupon for a special deal but it still wasn't worth it.
4	I just got home totally blissed out from a wonderful scrub/massage with Fallon.  She did a fantastic job and deserves big kudos!I would have to agree that this isn't the swankiest spa - does feel like an upscale health club - but it had everything I needed to have a wonderful relaxing experience - most important - a very good therapist!All staff I encountered were very warm and friendly and seemed genuinely interested in offering a top-notch experience.The spa uses red flower products which I LOVE.  Another plus!Perhaps I was lucky b/c it's Weds and was very quiet - but the calm atmosphere and the Weds bargains, make it the perfect day to visit.  I will definitely be back.... maybe even as soon as next Weds. (PS I didn't give them 5 stars only because the property, compared to other neighboring spas, doesn't warrant an "as good as it gets", but if I were reviewing the therapist alone, I'd have added the last star.)
3	I went to Scottsdale in 2008 for a girls "spa weekend" and had a really good experience at this spa.  So much so that when I went a few weeks ago with my boyfriend, I went back to the first place I thought of to have a massage (Valley Ho).  And this time it was even better!  I had a full-body massage; Howard was my massuse.  And Jason had deep-tissue.  We both felt great afterwards and the service was really good.  Though the spa itself isn't as "cozy" as many others, the massages were top notch!
1	Worst experience ever. not into negativity at all, but had the worst experience ever here. if you are interested please feel free to message me. Tony@caligreen.comDO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE. RIP OFF AND CUSTOMER SERVICE IS EXTINCT.
1	Would like to also point out that the owner just tried to bash me personally after his employees did.  I am not the type to promote negativity in any sense at all... however when he is trying to publicly say that I had a credit card denied, just shows the lack of class on his part, and the organization he represents. Just because your property is in the heart of old town, and you have a weekend pool party with a dj, does not make your "resort" anything more than a poorly ran business. The staff I encountered seemed miserable, and unapologetic of the inconvenience they caused me by ill informing me on the phone when booking the appointments. Not to mention, the staff reminded me of flash backs of bad DMV experiences. This place is awful. The property is beautiful and its a shame that such shallow, selfish and overall negative employees ruin the whole place. Was engaged the day before and looking at wedding spots... hmmm. might wanna put your best face forward regardless guys. YOU NEVER KNOW. With that I am gonna tell you, dont waste your money as The Valley HO.
5	My first experience at VH Spa was the pedicure. My husband booked this treatment for my birthday. Being on the table was very relaxing. The moment that my feet were wrapped with the warm paraffin made all of my stress and tension fly away. The amount of massage on the feet and calves was good. The therapist was so friendly which helped me enjoy experience. When I went out for check out, I also received a cute little birthday gift from the front desk.I decided to visit the VH Spa again for  a foot massage with hawaiian scrub. I almost liked this treatment more than the pedicure. Perfect scrub and massage made my closed toed 9-5 feet wake up like I was on vacationAlso the morning yoga experience is the best. I enjoyed Ashtanga yoga with 3 other ladies. The yoga teacher understood our capabilities but also encouraged us to go deeper at our own pace. Calmness and serenity best describes the start to that day.I would definitely go again.
5	Had the best massage I've ever received at this spa!  I got the deep 6 and it had everything I like in a massage, good pressure, stretching and while I felt all worked out, I was still relaxed.While I would have liked a jacuzzi or sauna in the locker room, the steam room was the most intense I'd ever been in.  I'm glad I got there early so i could go in a bit before the massage and after. And I got to hang out at the hotel pool and jacuzzi after so I was happy.The robe was luxurious.  The slippers in my locker didn't fit but the girl at the front desk was more than happy to get me a pair that did so no big deal.The products in the shower were amazing!  Smelled great and were clearly not your typical hotel shampoo/conditioner/body wash.  All in all, not the fanciest spa I've ever been to but definitely one of the best. The cleanliness, service, value and the talent of the therapist are what matter most to me when I go into a spa and I think they shined in all those categories.
5	WOW !!! What a friendly place ! I have to say for a boutique spa they are as charming as it gets ! I have been to most valley spas small and large and the personalized service I received here was AWESOME !!! My experience began with checking in at the front desk where I was greeted like family . After a quick steam it was time for my appointment . I had a pineapple papaya wrap and a facial . Both of my treatments were wonderful, professional and unique ! These gals were very educated in there field and helpful . I am loving the coconut lemongrass scrub I bought for home ! I was so relaxed after these services I felt like jello ! What they don't have in amenities they MORE then make up for in hospitality ! I heart VH Spa !!! Thank you, for the great memories and I will be returning soon !
5	Mani + Pedis are the best here! Super relaxing, unique approach to it. Valley Ho is super cool and fun, so are the spa services. Def check out the specials too, totally worth it.
4	Valley Ho Hotel and Spa was built the year before I was born, a true baby boomer hotel! Love their summer specials at the Spa, also Cafe ZuZu for Happy Hour. Summer Spa Specials this year were on Tuesdays, add ons included a Chardonnay Scrub with a glass of Wine! Fun with a group of girls, come early, hang on a float in the cool pool in the morning and get great poolside service with drinks and munchies/lunch. Book massages + add ons for after lunch, then hang out in the ladies lounge with the wine and chill. Cafe ZuZu opens up for an awesome Happy Hour by 4pm - drinks $3, appies $5. Gets pretty crowded by 5ish. And this is in the summer! By Sept when it cools down a bit, the place gets more crowded. Click www.hotelvalleyho.com and look for the party schedule and spa specials. Don't forget SPA WEEK in October $50 1 hr specials! Woo-whooo!
1	My husband and I went to VH Spa for our anniversary.  We used a TravelZoo voucher and had massages and facials book.  At the time of booking, they told us that we could substitute other services if we didn't want the facial.  Upon check-in, we were only given one other alternative, foot reflexology, and only one of us could do it!  So my husband decided to do the facial, since I don't trust anybody touching my face.  We both thought the massages were just okay.  I really don't think the massage therapists are trained very well there.  Mine for example would rub the top of my feet more than the bottom, not very relaxing.  She also spent a lot of time in weird areas when I told her that I my shoulders are the problem area.  She also seemed to have an attitude.  My husband and I get massages often and we are usually pretty happy, but the techniques at least my therapist used were terrible.  In fact, she hardly even tried to work on my knots, despite being a "deep-tissue" massage.  It was supposed to be a 1-hour massage, but instead she only worked on me for 45 minutes.  Then we started the foot reflexology, which was very strange.  I asked her if we could cut it short and work on some of the knots in my neck.  She didn't seem to pleased about that but agreed and proceeded to very strongly rotate my neck, as if trying to prove a point or something.  Overall, it was not a great experience.  The spa facilities are also lacking.  Not the serene, relaxing experience we were hoping for.  I would recommend checking out the Montelucia or Sanctuary spa for a real treat.  Will definitely not be going back to VH Spa.UPDATE:  I have reviewed the Manager's response and have some comments.  First, I was not aware that getting a massage in the same room as my husband would be considered an "upgrade."  If this is something that you would normally have to pay extra for then I would definitely NOT recommend doing so.  Second, I have received numerous prenatal massages, all of which have been much better than the service I received at VH Spa.  If their policy is to not treat pregnant women to certain services, then I'm still not sure why they allowed me to change my facial to foot reflexology when we arrived?!  There was never any mention that I would not receive normal service because of pregnancy.  If the policy is not to allow deep tissue or foot reflexology, this is the first I'm hearing of it.  My husband also felt his massage was weak and lacking skill, so I'm surely not the only one.  My massage was terrible, there really is no excuse for it.  I seriously wanted to leave halfway through.  Massage is highly recommend to relax and soothe pregnant women and this one fell very short of the mark.  Third, the voucher I purchased was for a 1-hour massage, as such that is what I expected.  Instead I was given a 45-minute service.  Overall, the service was lacking in more ways than one and the fact that a manager would use pregnancy as an excuse for the lack of service/attitude I received makes my desire never to go back even stronger. Would much rather find a place that pampers pregnant women rather than using pregnancy as an excuse for poor service.  Lowering my star rating to 1 based on all the above.
5	I just recently went to the VH Spa for Spa Week. Once again, I was pleased beyond belief. The spa area itself is smaller than I would like to truly spend an entire day there. However, the amenities, service and treatments surpass any space concerns. I had a massage this time and it was great. Many times at other spas you walk away feeling relaxed but your pain or issue really isn't resolved. The therapists at the HO all seem to have a "knack" at figuring out what is wrong. I would recommend the VH Spa to anyone who wants to leave with results!!!!
5	This is hands-down the best place for a massage or facial in the valley.  Every time I go here, I leave saying it was the best massage I've ever had.  There are always great deals on their webpage; last time I went was during Spa Week. I had the most amazing aromatherapy massage for $50; it was this crazy "pick a flower" thing but worked perfectly for what I was needing that day.  You can also use the hotel pool whenever you come here, which is off the hook on the weekends, but quiet and mellow through the week.  I usually come on Wednesdays when it's $75 for an hour of whatever you want and then spend a few hours in the pool and jacuzzis.My sister-in-law had her bachelorette party in the spa a week before her wedding. There were like a dozen girls and they all raved about their day doing massages and mani-pedis and facials. They even did a bellydancing class and then had cheese plates and wine on the spa deck (compliments of the cool new brother-in-law, of course).  The staff treated them like family, which is one reason I really love this place.  No noses in the air, no snotty attitudes...just big smiles all the way around.Check it out... a sweet little place!
5	Fantastic spa! So accomodating & EACH of my services & service providers were incredible! There are so many great spas to choose from in the Valley, but this one just moved up to the top of my list!
5	We just concluded the hosting of a 140 person party and everything was wonderful! This was great knowing that there was another 120 person party plus a wedding taking place and we hardly saw the other guests and NEVER experienced adverse service. Our event coordinator was fabulous and she took care of every last detail ensuring that all details met expectation and matched our event theme. Additionally, the weather did not cooperate and the staff amazingly moved our whole  reception part of the party without missing a beat.The rooms were fabulous! You definitely need to spring for the Tower Suites as they are incredible!!
5	Great location, very clean and great service!!!  We'll be back for sure!
5	I get my eyebrows done here and Liz does an awesome job! She shapes them very nicely, quickly and painlessly. The great thing is that tip is already included in the waxing service which is great!
5	I really like this place. I have been here a couple of times, for different things. This last time was for an aromatherapy massage ($50 for an hour! It was a special). The masseuse was on time, attentive and did a great job. You get a nice warm robe when you are done and can use the sauna, shower etc in the spa. Apparently, you also have access to the pool for the day, however, I have not ever taken advantage of this. They have a nice morrocan oil mask for your hair available for when you use the sauna, which comes with a little eye mask. The red flower products are the best! I thoroughly enjoy coming here, it is a smaller spa, which is something I like. The staff have always been very friendly and not one bit pretentious.  I recommend getting on the email list, they always run some great specials. Also, they will add gratuity automatically when you pay, which works perfect for me, but is something you should be aware of.
4	I went to the spa a few weeks ago for their Sunday special - 60 minute treatment + 30 minute treatment & a glass of champagne. You also are able to use their facilities - the pool, work out room, or just lounge in the waiting area. I came a bit early and laid out by the pool. Make sure to get a key from the front desk prior to heading out. They have a lot of good food options at the cafe you can order from as well.The waiting room isn't lavish like other spas in the area - it's got lockers, showers, and a couch and two recliners to relax in. I started with my 60 minute massage with Karen. She is hands down the best massage therapist I've seen in Phoenix since moving here. I'll definitely go back to see her. I picked a mini facial for my 30 minute treatment which was great & felt much longer than 30 minutes. Once you're done, the front desk brings you a glass of champagne / wine so you have some time to relax after your treatments. I ended up buying the neck/head stabilizer Karen used on me during my massage from the gift shop. Be sure to check in on Yelp - I got a free travel kit with my purchase.Overall, I had a great experience & will definitely be back to take advantage of their great Sunday deal!
4	Came here with my girlfriends for their Sunday Spa special -- 60 minute treatment plus a 30 minute mini treatment for $99.They have a steam room, shower facilities, a small waiting room and allow you access to the gym.  You can also hang out at the pool if you want to make it an all day event. The locker area is a bit small but not a big deal. After the treatment, they bring you a moroccan oil treatment you can use in the steam room and then a glass of champagne or chardonnay. The massage therapists weren't overly talkative and the treatments were performed well in my opinion. For $99, price point is fair. Front desk was friendly & prompt! Breanna the spa manager managed to get all 5 of my friends appointments at the same time so it was a great girls spa day.
5	I just had my second Spa appointment and I must say, it gets better and better each time! The staff is so friendly, the waiting room always so clean and the service is extraordinary! Everyone should partake in what the Spa has to offer!
1	Called to book their "midweek mojo" special upon my arrival at the hotel. The staff over the phone were completely incompetent, impatient and rude!! I can't believe this personality type would work at a tranquil spa setting! Undercover bad attitudes! The special was $60 for a 60 minute massage. They said they only had 45 minutes available and it would be $95, OR "they would honor the $60 for 45 minutes." Does this make any sense? This doesn't match the printed special. They were very short with me as they were frustrated that I didn't conform to this solution. 45 minutes, and pay the same as the people that get 60 minutes? No. And then to throw other prices at me "$95.00, $125, 165." Not sure why these other prices were valid. I was very clear I was calling about the SPECIAL, they should have just said "I'm sorry, we don't have 60 minutes available in our scheduling, so I won't be able to accommodate the special."  The gal even hung up on me out of frustration after I told her "that's ok, it doesn't really make sense to me, that's not what the special says. Thank you though for your time." CLICK!!!! Not a thank you or a good bye! Terrible customer service. Lets just pretend I was a complete jerk over the phone, don't ever treat someone in customer service this way. Terrible. What a bad first impression I received when arriving to HVH. You're mama's would be ashamed and I hope management teaches ya a lesson so you don't make this error again and cross the wrong person that'll give it right back atcha! God as my witness, I was very nice, just confused, and they sure did lose their patience with me. :(
3	I have to give my praise and appreciation to the owner/manager who genuinely had concern for my experience. This proves an absolute professionalism and integrity for this place of business for both his employees and guests. Thank You, wishing you continued success.
4	I have to say, usually a spa is a spa is a spa. Some are fancier then others, but what really makes a spa fantastic is the staff - and this place has got phenomenal staff! I booked in for the honey ginger salt scrub with massage. It was 90 minutes in total and on special for $120 plus taxes and tip. The salt scrub with first, followed by the massage. The salt scrub was really neat although I kind of felt like I was in the bottom of a martini glass all covered in salt! Then came the massage, it was relaxing when it needed to be, invigorating at times and really work out my knots and kinks. Afterward I felt amazing, absolutely fantastic, it was exactly what I needed. Wesley is so professional and just fantastic at what he does. The change rooms are very nice and I really like that they have unique teas at the front to try. I would 100 percent come back next time I am in Scottsdale and I recommend to anyone looking for really, really good quality massage to try out the VH spa!
4	I had a great massage and my husband and two daughters said the same.  I have read many of the other reviews so that being said.......I have stayed at the VH several times and have also stayed at destination spas in the Scottsdale area.  These are not the same and should not be compared.  When I go to a "spa" in the area it is a completely different experience.  Yes there are multiple spa treatments and relaxation and tranquility.  That is what I pay for and expect.  The fun factor of the Valley Ho is not what is expected at these places.The massage was great and the fact that i could get a massage at the Valley Ho was the bonus.  If you are looking for a "spa" experience go to a spa but if you want a great treatment in a cool hotel then go to the Spa at the valley Ho.  Love the hotel, love the spa.
