3	This place has bottles of wine for $1.99! Cheapest wine I've ever seen that actually came in a glass bottle! And not bad wine at that!They're a "Grocery Outlet" so I guess they get all the surplus selections that other places don't want, or don't have room for, or whatever. This works out well for me, as I love wine, but don't really have the cash flow to throw down a $20 every time I want a little weekday buzz with dinner. Most of their selections range from the $3.99-$9.99 range, but because these are "outlet prices" they carry labels that in a regular store would be at least double what you pay for them here.  The only brand name that I recognized (not to say there weren't any good brands...I just have my favorites and don't remember much else) was Toasted Head, which I think usually goes for about $14. Here it was $3.99.  They only had Merlot though, and I'm not a Merlot drinker, so I gambled with a few bottles of Shiraz, Cabernet, and Chardonnay. So far, I've only had the $1.99 Aussie Vineyards Chardonnay (which Google prices at $8.99)...and it was good. For $1.99 I wasn't expecting much, but I did get 3 of them so I'm glad it worked out!The place is a lot like a Ross for grocery stores. You can get cheap, name-brand (Dove, Aveeno, Axe, Etc.) shampoos and soap for about half price here as well, and they have some obscure food items that are equally cheap.  I found my Boyfriend his favorite cereal "Oh's" here for $1.99! Just like the real thing, except all the writing on the package is in Spanish!  I call them "Latin-Oh's".  And yes, my 24 year old boyfriend still has a favorite cereal.The place itself feels a bit like a dollar store...not the classiest of places. I wouldn't necessarily do my everyday shopping here but I'll definitely come back when I need to replenish my wine (or cereal) collection on the cheap.
3	My mom ostensibly refers to this place as "Rainbow Rumpus Room"I have no freaking clue why, but that is what it is to me. So without further ado, my review of RRR:What a strange and awesome little discount grocery outlet.Its like they get all the refuse from bigger grocery retailers, mark them down ten fold and pray to god they dont expire before they get their merch out the doorIts like stepping into a giant bodega, a sprawling warehouse of misfit groceries, w/out homes.I was very hesitant about shopping here, and well lets face it- Food City is more appealing than this placeBut that would only be to those who haven't actually gone in and perused the wares, 'cause appearances as we all know...can be misleadingI love this place. I wouldnt shop here too much for food, but the wines are insanely cheap! the toiletries and household goods here are practically being given away. I pick up my toms of maine's all natural products here for a fraction of what they'd cost elsewhere. The prices are just really great, and if i still lived on the West side, i'd do a good deal of my shopping here.If you live in the area and haven't been, do yourself a favor, lower your expectations and prepare to be quite pleased. Rainbow Rumpus Room, I tip my hat to you.
5	OMG I love this   place!!!  Super deals on everything from shampoo to cheese to candy to meat.  This is going to be one of my regular stops from now on before I hit my other fav, Winco.Example:  2 lb. Tillamook cheese was $4.99 instead of $11!  This is a better deal by far than Costco.Only negative is if you see it grab it cause the stock changes depending on what is available as an overrun.And check all their shelves for goodies:  I buy Contigo mugs to carry my water and ice in seeing that I usually use Mio and tap water and with the pricey--but unspillable Contigo mugs--I can carry them in the car or put them on my desk and not worry about any spillage.  Well, the aluminum ones that keep the water cold almost 24 hours cost $25 each on Amazon and I found them packed as 2 for $19 at Grocery Outlet, so I bought 2 packs of them--see what good deals you can find there if you just look around!!!!!BOTH locations in Phoenix closing 10/6/2014.  Closest one in California. I'm very sad.
4	Go here before u go to the regular grocery store almost all name brands I was so happy with my savings!
1	Stores in phoenix all closed!!!  Pity!
