1	The only reason I am giving this 1 star even though I will probably go back to do some shopping for packaged food and such from time to time but will NO LONGER be tasting the free food is the fact that I witnessed one of the food tasters blowing her nose while standing at a food tasting table, and NOT only did she NOT wash her hands, but she did NOT change the plastic gloves that she was wearing before continuing to handle food to give out as samples. I was so stunned that i just had to walk away. Yes it was my fault for not bringing it to a managers attention but if you could have seen the stunned look on my face. She did not notice me but I damn sure noticed her. STUNNED! I remember exactly what she looks like and will be reporting her but again just stunned that she did that in plain view of everyone. Can we say blech?!?!
4	I like this Sam's. I get my eye exams/contacts/glasses here and some groceries. It's almost always pretty dead and therefore easy to get in and out quickly and easily. They don't have nearly the selection that most Costco do, but I've never waited in line here.
2	It is like a parallel bizarre universe, you walk in everything seems familiar but not quite right.This is what Sams club is, it is like costco, but just not nearly as good, lower quality products, a odd selection, useless staff and a lack of customers as a result.The only highlight of this store is the Hummus, they sell Sabra hummus in large family size containers for a bargain at $6. I did see a recent addition of a house brand and I hope this is not a sign of change.If you want a sample you are out of luck too, despite there only being a hand full of other customers, the sample people are painfully slow, and do not create a cache of samples to buffer demand.I walked around and just felt odd and out of place. Also prices on some items are much higher than other places. A 1.75 of Makers Mark  Bourbon was $35 when it can be had for $27 at Costco.Unless you have Agoraphobia there is no real reason to shop here.
4	The person who said that it was like a parallel universe to Costco hit the nail right on the head.  This Sam's is located very close to one of the busiest Costco locations I have ever visited.  However, while it seems that most of North Scottsdale is at Costco, this Sam's seems like an oasis (if you hate crowds).In fact, there have been several times where it seems that there may only be 10 or so shoppers in the store (I know, it's probably more).  Anyways, they have a great selection of music and DVDs, a great selection of snacks, pretty good pizza, comparable gas prices to Costco, and a whole LOT less people.I'll admit, I am a member of both Sam's Club and Costco and while Costco (especially the one literally 1/4 of a mile away from this one) offers a larger selection of merchandise.  If you want a stress free, crowd free warehouse club experience, you just can't beat Sam's Club.
4	After a year of visiting this Sam's I'm giving it 4 stars because I like it MUCH BETTER than Costco around the corner (15255 North Hayden Road, Scottsdale). Why is this? Well, first off let's say that I buy only certain items here, as I don't do my regular "grocery" shopping at this joint. Ready made bags of salad, about 3 bucks. Land O' Lakes sharp cheddar cheese, 2 lbs., about 5-6 bucks. Get the idea? Great for parties and entertaining as well. Great place to stock up on BBQ sauce, coffee, tortilla chips, A-1, charcoal for smoking and grilling, and a few other items. Big plus for me vs. Costco, it's rarely crowded, and I can run in grab 2-3 items, and be out in less than 10 minutes. Try that at Costco!
3	Let's be honest for those of us who have been to Costco.....we all know that Sam's Club is like a cheap knockoff. Now that is not to say they don't have great deals because the 2 huge bags of chips for just 5.98 is unbeatable....and they also have the 96oz dual juices for a great price as well. The also have a tendency to get some pretty good laptop and laptop deals that Costco want have at times and that is a real plus. They also carry some great electronic and cellphone gear that Costco doesn't carry either. However with all that being said and especially at this location....the "Magic" is just missing. I mean there are empty aisles....none of the food they sample wow you.....the lightning is dreadful...and pound for pound it just doesn't compare to Costco. However if you don't live near a Costco this is a great second choice....but be warned when you visit Costco you may not return to Sam's (LOL). Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
4	I enjoy shopping at the big warehouse stores like this one for buying things I use frequently and also for Wine & Beer.  This store is very clean and the employees are friendly & helpful.On my most recent visit, I picked up a case of Beers from Mexico (Dos Equis, Tecate, Sol) for $20.96 and a bag of Pretzel Crisps (I'm addicted to them).http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/--KQsXc-clkO7oHRqGzSzg?select=njc8r6eLpBrX8CfQrewbBghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/--KQsXc-clkO7oHRqGzSzg?select=MXcxlybp8ybM-luHSIx1TAThere were some great deals on Wine, but resisted on this trip since I have plenty of bottles at home.Return Factor - 93%
3	I came here after Christmas with a friend who had a Guess Card.   We came away reasonably impressed.Years ago, we use to shop at Sam's when the concept was first rolled out by Walmart's.  At some point, my parents renewed our card, as a small thank you for giving them the second card and POOF!  Somehow Sam's thought it was their card.  And that, is the short version of how we started shopping at Costco.  Funny stuff.Sam's is A-OK in our book.  Whether it's "Peter the Greeter", or "Jay in Tires", everyone we met that day impressed us with their product knowledge and friendliness.  Sam's prices seem as good as Costco, though it tough eyeballing things.  Each has it's own unique products, found only in their store.  So how do you compare "house" brands to national ones?  But if you are looking for cheap and basic, I believe Sam's might have the advantage over Costco.Also, each wholesale club has it's own market.  Back east, BJ's seems to be king.  Everywhere else, it appears to be evenly split -- with Costco having an edge on the west coast.  Like most, we cannot shop here every week.  We tend to come once every three weeks or so, to pickup specific items.  We like Sam's, but prefer Costco.  In the end I guess, Sam's did us a favor all those years ago.Enjoy!
5	They did a great job on my sons birthday cake! We asked for specific colors and drawings on it and they only charged us $14.00!!  We had gone to some grocery stores and they wanted to charge us up to $70.00 because what we wanted was not in their "book".  The cake was great and my son was so happy!
4	Good place to go if you need varies kinds of items.  Of sometimes you don't need a 55 gallons barrel of stuff...lolBut a great place  and great people!!
4	I was in the north Scottsdale area today and needed to pick up a couple cases of water for a church water drive tomorrow. The Sam's I typically go to is on Bell (habit...). I didn't want to drive all the way over there so I Yelped for another Sam's...picked up this one. I like it better. It seems cleaner and somewhat less crowded. Pallets of water were just inside the door, so that made my trip easier. The check-out lanes are a bit awkwardly positioned but I found them. This location has the usual stuff:  tire & battery, jewelry, electronics (iPads, laptops, cell phones), food, etc. This location is on Northsight, off Raintree. Good thing Yelp had the address because it otherwise seems like it would be easy to miss.
3	Sam's Club or Costco?  90 times out of 100, I'm at Costco.  However, there are times when I shop at Sam's Club because they carry some items Costco doesn't or because it's more convenient to shop at Sam's Club when I know Costco will be super busy and Sam's Club won't.  This store is a great alternative to Costco.  They're so close to one another that if I drive through Costco's parking lot and see a nightmare of cars there....I drive 2 min to this store and shop.They keep the store clean and organized well.  We'll keep coming back.Return Factor - 80%
1	Came here because a groupon made it basically free and I still overpaid. First of all they did not have all the items promised in the groupon. We were in at 6:30 pm and they had no rotisserie chickens. This place is a joke compared to Costco. We will be canceling.
3	I mean, once you've seen one, right? I moved out here from another state last year, so this has been my supply stock-up store since then. It's normally clean, organized, and well stocked. It's consistency, or lack thereof, can be a but frustrating at times. I'll go in looking for fresh croissants one day and there will be no croissants. I go in another day, not even thinking about French pastries, and voila! An abundance of them. Or the frozen item to which my family was completely addicted, and the now no longer sell it. At all. Frustrating. Good, fresh produce can be found here for less than grocery store costs. I love their large containers of organic salad mixes too. I've only come across nice cashiers. Most of the greeters are friendly too. When I was here last week, loud police-like sirens were sounding off inside the club. LOUD! It took a few minutes before they turned it off. I don't know what that was about. The now accept MasterCard credit cards. Love their soft pretzels (they'll make it w/o butter) & Icee slushies.
5	Get your lunch here! Very inexpensive and always tastes great! The lady with red hair and the young guy with glasses are the only ones who have a nice personality!
2	I have been going to this Sam's club for many years. I like coming here. I like most of the people working here except one. There is one person who flies under the radar. It's Peter the Greeter. More like Peter the Dirty Old Man. When he first started working there in 2010 he saw me and took my card out of my hand and turned it over to read my name thereby forcing me to engage in polite conversation with him for about a mntue. He thought I was interested in him; he is old enough to be my father or older. He then for a few months would touch my shoulder every time I came in and left the store forcing me to look up a him. Then one night when no one was leaving the exit he moved from the entrance to the exit to catch me leaving to check my receipt and quickly put his arms around me before I had time to brace myself and gave me a squeeze. I called the manager the next morning crying. It has been 4 years now and Peter has now gotten bolder towards me when he checks my ticket he gets close to my face with his angry look and says "Have a nice day ma'am" as I walk out the door. He does this while his coworkers aren't around. Other times he behaves and won't act like that to me. I hope Peter has a nice day too! It has been 4 years and he still has a bruised ego.I have never had a problem with anyone in this store before like this. What a weirdo.
1	Totally burned off on SAM's.  First of all the credit card policy is terrible.  Master Card or debit card only. The SAM'S in Georgia take VISA, SAM'S in Cozumel Mexico takes ALL major credit cards! SO, they burned through my cash to purchase two tires for my Yukon, balance and rotate all of them.I left for California the next morning and the vibration was totally nerve racking.  Stopped at America Auto Depot in Lemon Grove California and had all the tires re-balanced.  Every tire was several ounces out of balance.
4	I was very happy st Sams Club Tires. Jay really knows his business! I learned a lot about why I should have my tires inflated to a certain number. You'll have to ask Jay yourself but it is worth the trip over there. The wait time was minimal but sometimes inevitable that you might have to wait some. Its really worth it!!
1	This rating is for the photo processing area.  Today I went to pick up slides that I had left there and also to have them rectify two poorly processed photos which I only noticed when I got home.  (I had processed over 90 photos)  So I get there and the guy I had previously dealt with was off.  Ok no problem.  I looked for help and a lady who works for Sam's was unable to look for the slides where I told her they were.  (I saw where the prior guy had stored them.)  Then, I asked for the pictures to be corrected.  At the point she advised me that all the machines were out of order.  So I spent money on gas to get to a place that doesn't even have ONE working photo machine.  Not good.  I usually get photos done at their competitor down the road, but decided to give them a try.  How does one pronounce, "Bad idea"?
