4	Great selection of party favors. Lots of bachelorette items that aren't trashy. This is perfect for the ladies in your life who can have a good time without penis suckers.Everything is organized by theme and by colors. It really got me in the mood to throw some parties this summer. The prices can't be beat either! Your dollar goes a lot further here than most other specialty shops.Only complaint is that the employees aren't that helpful. I wasn't greeted when I entered and I had trouble locating the bachelorette items. I passed up a couple people working there and no one acknowledged me. I had to track down someone and then they showed me where everything was.
4	Well color me surprised! I have to say I loathe going to Party City. There's just something about the place that really gets under my skin. Maybe it's the fact that everything is produced in China but sold at prices that would make you think it was made in the states? And depending on the time of year, (Halloween being the worst) Party City can be a nightmare of merchandise on the floor, no staff to help you find anything, and children running up and down aisles hitting their brothers and sisters with battery powered light sabers. But this location always surprises me, because no matter the time of year or how busy they are, the place always seems to be staffed well. I'm greeted when i walk in, asked a few times if I need help, and never wait more than a minute or two in line to check-out. It's become my favorite location in town when I need 500 cups stat for an event.
4	Every time I go to Party City, I imagine that the staff will find me at the end of the night, curled up in a fetal position next to the streamers, while trying to calm my hyperventilation with a glittery party-favor bag.  I feel like this is more of a "me" problem than a problem with Party City.  Although there is a lot going on at PC, that's what makes it so great! There's a large variety of party supplies to choose from.  You can go classy or trashy with your party decorations and they have a massive amount of balloons to choose from.Since this place is very large and filled from floor to ceiling with party supplies, I have definitely relied on the staff to help me find what I was looking for.  I know others have said that the staff isn't friendly or helpful, but they have always been pleasant to me.  Although this place induces panic and at times fills me with rage, there isn't a better place to find party supplies in town.  My cure for this? Buy some plastic champagne glasses while you're there and treat yo' self when you get home.
