5	My 17 year old son had been feeling poorly for several days. When he woke to a 103 degree fever, I said "Time to see the doctor". The young buck, who seems to think he is invincible and normally pitches a fit when he has to go to the doc said, "Yeah, like right now".Having not been to an Urgent Care facility in forever, I hit the internet and found Alliance Urgent Care on Higley, just south of the Banner Gateway Hospital. They have an online patient info form you can fill out to speed up processing. Very cool.We arrived and were swiftly seen by Dr. Nick Williams. He was very caring, compassionate and thorough.  Much more so than many UC docs I've experienced. He took time to explain things, and his course of action (diagnosis was pneumonia). Dr. Williams told us to call back if we had any questions or concerns, didn't order a bunch of unnecessary tests, and was just an all around great MD.I'd like to think we'll never have a need for an Urgent Care facility again, but when/if we do, this is the place we'll go.
5	I went in late on a Sunday afternoon with shoulder pain that was severe enough to warrant an immediate trip to a doctor. After looking on yelp to see what was in my area, I made a visit to Alliance Urgent Care and I'm glad I did. After a very reasonable wait for a late Sunday walk-in, I saw Dr. Dale Schuerman, and found him to be very pleasant and attentive to my needs. If I am ever in need of an urgent care facility again, this will be the place I will visit.
5	This is the best urgent care! I actually make a longer drive to be seen at Alliance Urgent Care because the Doctor's and staff members are extremely professional and caring. The wait is never too long for an Urgent Care, at least from my experience. My daughter and I usually see Dr. Linzer or Dr. Tyler Carter. I just love these guys!! Very professional and both are great about cheering up my Little one when she is very ill. I like Dr. Linzer and Dr. Carter so much I'd love to have either one as our family physician. Unfortunately you cannot call the urgent care to see which Dr's are on staff, although we have been lucky enough to see Dr, Linzer and Dr. Carter each time. Considering how professional these two are I'm sure the other Doctor's on staff must be as professional and thorough as they are. There are many urgent cares in the area please check out Alliance Urgent Care, you won't regret it! :)
2	I was about to leave my house to head to this Urgent Care earlier today for a knee injury.  A few minutes before I was leaving the house I started to have some kind of attack.  I have a panic disorder which I figured it was, although I was feeling a bit more odd than usual when these attacks hit.  My heart was beating irregularly and beating out of my chest plus I was shaking.   I was scared to death.  I thought about going to the hospital but I didn't think I could make it.  I ran red lights and sped to the urgent care.  When I arrived I told the lady at the front that I though I was having a heart attack.  I was taken into a back room and my vitals were taken.  The service was just not good.  The people who worked there seemed to be moving very slowly and not really caring AT ALL that I was possibly having a heart attack in their office.  I was told that they couldn't help me and that I needed to go to the ER.  They asked me if I wanted them to call 911 or if I wanted to drive there.  At one point they completely left me in the room and it felt for a second that they were attempting to ignore the situation and act like I wasn't there.  The nurse completely disappeared and the Dr. had to ask him to come and help him.  This was after I said something about them not seeming to care about anything that was going on. The Dr. then hooked me up to an oxygen tank and listened to my heart ( which made me feel better)  The paramedics got there and hooked me up to monitors and told me my heart was having arrhythmia.  The top part of my heart was beating at a different time as the bottom part of my heart. I was about to let them take me when everything went back to normal.  My heart stopped what it was doing and I no longer felt like I was going to die!  I went somewhere else and had my knee checked out.  I will never go there again.
