1	delta airlines is one of the worst airlines out there. my flight out of PVD was delayed, sat on the runway for a good 20mins when we arrived in ATL, they forced all of the passengers to do planeside valet bc the overhead bins were smaller than normal so i had to wait another 20mins for my luggage. these series of events caused me to miss my connecting flight to PHX. none of the delta representatives and managers cared. there were no more flights out to PHX that night and they were not willing to provide hotel accomodations and/or a meal voucher so i was stuck in the ATL airport overnight. seriously, one of the worst experiences EVER and i fly a lot. 0* if i could!!!!
1	Had flight from Phoenix to Salt Lake that was delayed over 90 minutes.  I got a call at 4:30 am to inform me of this with a message.  This delay caused me to miss my connection by just a few minutes.  I had to wait an extra 3 hours in Salt Lake.  They should have waited 15 minutes since they were the ones late.  The Salt Lake flight was also late by 30 minutes!  They gave me a $6 voucher for a meal which is not even enough for a salad at the airport! That cost $9. The return flight was also late but since there was a 3 hour layover I did not miss my connecting flight.  I they are late they should delay the connecting flight instead of making me wait 3 hours.  Delta treats their customers not like customers but like cargo.  This was my first and last time flying Delta. 3 out of 4 flights late, not acceptable, and they leave you holding the bag!
1	*** no.Stay away.Plane was not clean.They cut corners sacrificing quality.Food is beyond crappy.I'm sure some ppl's dogs get better food than that.My last straw:They lost my luggage and it took them *THREE WEEKS* to find it and deliver it to my place.My sh*t arrived wet. Thanks Delta. I'll wear my soggy undies you bas***s.Not to mention the flight delays which messes with the connection flights.
1	Okay, did I say bad??WORSE.Negative five stars.From San Diego,1. they made us wait in line for ticketing.2. Made us go check our bags3. Bag agent told us the flight has been delayed 35 min and we have to wait in the "special needs" line bc we were gonna miss our connection flight. 4. Booked another flight. Meanwhile got barked at my a brainless, incompetent, mean lady that was a complete b*tch to us.She told us there was plenty of time for our next flight and that we should patiently stand in line (and miss that flight).5. Got on the runway. Plane circled around for about an hour. didn't take off.6. "mechanical problems".7. kept ppl on the plane for another hour.8. kicked everybody off saying we weren't taking off on this plane.9. made everybody wait in a long@$$ line that didn't move while we saw a ticketing agent to rebook our flight (while I held up a DELTA SUCKS sign made with pen and crayon on my sketchbook)10. hours later after not knowing what to do with us, they placed us in a hotel in downtown SD.11. We were to take an 8 PM flight the next day to LAX and then 2 hr and 45 min layover.12. 11:45 PM plane from LAX to Tokyo.... scheduled 4 AM landing in the far east, you kidding me? 13. THEY LOST MY LUGGAGE. ~~*~*~*~*~*~*~* another incident:LAX to Tokyo: "mechanical problems"stayed another hour on the plane.Had them shuttle us to a hotel in the middle of nowhere.Lost luggage on the way there. It fell out of a bus!Next morning, 8 AM plane to Busan, Korea.Seriously, you expect me to go to work on Monday after all this sh*t?!Sorry Delta, I'm so exhausted, sick and tired of you.F*CK YOU guys and your incompetence and sh*tty customer service  too.
1	I've had way too many negative experiences with Delta to list them all individually, but they include rude/lazy employees, delayed and/or cancelled flights, numerous lost bags, substandard aircraft and facilities. It would seem that since they purchased Northwest, their service has only gone downhill. I spoke with a customer service agent last week to ask them to waive a $150 "Change Fee" for my elderly mother, and after refusing to help, I kid you not, he told me "We don't need your business." So long as passengers continue to tolerate this kind of treatment, Delta will continue to take advantage of us.
1	Why anyone is still willing to fly Delta is beyond me!  The employees at every step of the following story were rude or just didn't give a sh*t, and it showed.I booked a trip to Kona from Phoenix.  My flight from Phoenix to LAX was delayed, I felt lucky the flight at the gate next to us was being canceled.  We got to LAX late and I missed my connection to Hawaii.  They decided to re-book me on an American Airlines flight instead.  I hate American Airlines almost as much as Delta, and was not impressed.  Almost missed the new flight because Delta and American are in Different terminals and it takes quite a bit of time to get to other terminals at LAX.  Fortunately the flight was delayed while I was still in Security line and I finally made it to Kona.Then there was the return trip.  I had to change my flight due to a need to get home sooner than I planned.  They charged me $200 change fee, even though my new flight was a less expensive flight than my original flight, fine, I need to get home.  Get to the airport in Kona, Delta charges me for my luggage, of course it is expected, but it matters later.  So all the passengers a re waiting for out Delta flight to LAX, and of course as I have come to expect from Delta, the flight is delayed.  We finally get to board, about have the plane is boarded and they stop the boarding process, and bring in mechanics electrical issue.  after sitting there for an hour they decide we can fly and finish the boarding and taxi out.  As we are taxiing the electrical system flickers pretty substantially and we are shortly told by the pilot we are taxiing back.  We are told that the mechanics will need all passengers off the plane to test the systems and we are all booted back to the waiting area.  By this time the airport has closed and as we are being returned to the secure waiting area,  they turn off the lights.  It takes 10 minutes and someone is finally able to get the lights back on.  But the agriculture inspectors have left so we are confined to the area.  Delta is thoughtful enough to provide Water and snacks for us since it still 80 degrees and  being the kona airport we are outside.  Unfortunately, they brought water and enough potato chips for about  half of the 196 people that are trying to get to LAX.  We are held hostage by Delta Airlines in the secure area for about 3 hours, the mechanics are saying the plane is not fit to fly, and Delta Corporate refuses to cancel the flight.  We were hostages.  Finally The flight is canceled and we are shuffled to the original ticketing desk to get vouchers for a hotel and transportation.  There are 2 people to help the 196 passengers.  We are given 2 $10 transportation vouchers, 3 $10 meal vouchers, a voucher for the Hotel, and a little card that says "Need Help?  Call Delta... " and told to call that number in the morning to get re-booked.   Then we are sent to the baggage claim to get our bags and told that a bus will be arriving to take us to the hotel we have been given a room at.  The "bus" was a 6 person shuttle van, just one.  There were almost 200 people to move to downtown Kona, and one 6 person shuttle to take us all.  The taxis refused to accept the vouchers, and were charging up to $70 per trip to downtown (that is an issue for my review of the City of Kaliua-Kona).  All of the Delta employees had gone home and we we abandoned at the curb.  So another 2 hours go by and I finally get a rid to the hotel.  In the mean time while waiting my turn I called the help line and got booked on a flight home, but too late to make the appointment that required me to change my flight in the first place.  I get checked into my room at the hotel at 5:45 am and need to be back at the airport by 10:45 am to be able to get on my re-booked flight, with another airline.  I slept for a few hours and then went to use one of my vouchers and get a bite, nope couldn't use it.  Bought a coffee and went to hotel concierge and explained I needed a ride to the airport, and that I have a voucher.  She laughed and told me I wouldn't find a ride that way and that she would be happy to get me a cab, but I would need to pay cash and they figure it at about $45 to the airport.  When I finally get back to the airport, the new airline charges me a luggage fee, apparently Delta doesn't pay them so I have to.  The flight is delayed an hour.  Call Delta Help and am advised that they have me booked on another airline and I will not miss the flight.  I did make the flight and made it home.  The total out of pocket for my trouble with Delta airlines was $380.  on top of the original flight cost.  Delta has been steadfast in refusing a refund of any of the extra costs.  I will be filing complaints with every agency that will listen, and some of the local news stations.  I know it was a long story, but take it as a warning... DO NOT FLY DELTA!!
1	Delta is apparently winning well deserved awards for lousy service! The NWA/Delta merger has not changed poor management and disenchanted, simply awful employees. When I mentioned my family Delta experience on my Facebook page, there was not one comment that was favorable. Like I have said before the management and rank and file rejects who could not make it for employment at Southwest, populate the staff at Delta.Delta- home of the rejected!!!!!!!!!
1	Can I give a "0" star? Worse impossible: 1/2/15. Flight # 0477. My trip starts with a 14 h delay (yes 14 hours)  from Barcelona, Spain to JFK. NOT for weather reasons but for "technical" issues. After the 14 h delay + 10 h flight I request to be invited to the JFK Sky lounge as compensation for the damages and exhaustion. The answer is $50. Completely obnoxious service. After obviously missing my connection I get re-booked on a flight  with a 6 h layover at JFK (!). Which again got delayed 3 h because of a "broken pump". Finally get in the plane and arrive to Phoenix (2 days after!) and my checked luggage is not there. Delta Airlines planes are old and falling apart, out of 4 planes I took with them this Christmas, 2 had technical problems. Their customer service is down the drain and when you board and watch their welcome video you have to hear from their CEO that their number 1 priority is our safety and "comfort". Haha Don't make me laugh blood suckers. This is a rolling down the hill airline, which most likely will not be around in 5 years. One of the very few times I've flown Delta and certainly the last. I have already contacted a law firm to start the economic compensation process for the delay on both flights. No mercy with this obnoxious people.
