1	My wife and I arrived with our sick dog. There was only one person there waiting. Two hours later our dog was still not admitted. A group seeking to have their dog electively euthanized was admitted. A couple who complained had their dog admitted, even though the dog was exhibiting the same symptoms as ours. After two hours, they could offer no timeframe for when our dog could be seen. I hope you never have to visit an emergency pet hospital...if you do, I hope that you don't get stuck here.
2	The specialty doc was great but I had to make a phone call to someone who knows her for that doc to be consulted!!  The emergency vet is ridiculously priced!  I also couldn't pick her up before their 7 am cut off rate because the er vet didn't get in till 8 to discharge her. So I was stuck paying for another 24 hrs of critical care for 1 hr. never again.
4	I first called and spoke with Michelle at the front desk asking her about prices and options since our vet was closed for the day.  She couldn't be more helpful and friendly and also stated that we could come in for a no-charge triage that would help us decide if our cat should be treated by the ER doc or could wait until the next day to be seen by our vet.  As it turned out, even though triage stated that we could wait till morning, we opted to see the ER doc (Dr. Raegan Wells, she was wonderful and thorough) because we didn't want to put our beloved cat through another trauma of carrier trapping!  Well, we are glad we did because of our instincts and our relationship with our animal, we just knew there was something peculiar.  I'm not blaming triage for allowing us to leave because when the x-ray turned up that he had a broken rib, there was nothing that could have been done anyways.  They gave us some take home pain meds and follow up instructions.  Anyhow, we found the staff to be quite attentive and caring and we would recommend them and return again. Thanks you guys!
2	I had taken my dog to my regular vet twice last week.  Her condition was deteriorating quickly - but the vet seemed to think it was only a urinary tract infection.  Well, mean time,  I was having to force feed her and dump liquids down her throat to hydrate her.  By Saturday evening, however, it was obvious that she was going down.  She was so weak, she could barely get up on all 4's and just as hard a time walking.I called University Animal Hospital in Tempe that evening, but they were all booked up, but they gave me the number of this clinic, which has a 24 hour emergency operation going.  So, I took her to this place.  I had the feeling driving over there that this would be the last night I would see my dog alive, but I contained it in the hopes that perhaps they could find out what was wrong with her.Well, my hopes were basically dashed when I was presented an estimate of almost 2 grand just to find out what is wrong with her.  I knew it was something serious, the "easy" stuff had been eliminated.  All kinds of tests, the vet basically stated that at the end of them, it would undoubtedly end up with either heart disease or some form of cancer - they had done an ultrasound on the dog and found fluid around the lungs but also her stomach was greatly enlarged because of the fluids building up.  I had no choice.  I could have taken her home to die, I guess, but I thought it more humane to have her put down and out of her misery.  So, I was left with my dog for as long as I wanted to say goodbye to her, which I did.  The vet came back in later and asked if I needed more time.  No, I replied, I do not, it's time to get this over with.She pulled a syringe out of her pocket and stated that it was basically an overdose of a sedative and that she would just fall asleep.  I dreaded the moment she started injecting it, my doggy was going to die.  I stroked her fur while the fluid moved through her system and then, she moved to a laying down position, closed her eyes - and then opened them again  and that was that.  The vet said a few minor muscle contractions would occur, but that would be it.Well, that was NOT it.  Her eyes were open the whole time  - no idea if she could see me or not, I was still petting her and saying good bye.  A few minor muscle contractions and - half a minute, 10 seconds, I don't know what - passed and suddenly she opened her mouth VERY wide and let out a screech.  Her mouth closed and then she did it again, same thing.  The vet was like: oh, I better put some more fluid in her.  My dog needlessly suffered in a scenario that should have been routine for a vet.  I don't know if that dog was suffering pain to let out the screeches or if she was terrified or both, but it is a sight I will never forget.  The dog was not given enough of the fluid and that is totally and completely unacceptable.  Needless to say I will never use this place again, though I only went there because my normal place was booked up.I gave the place 2 stars instead of one for one reason: the entire staff was extremely empathetic to me about my doggy having to be put down.  I was a train wreck, crying and shedding tears.  The vet screwed up, but at least she wasn't cold and calculated about it, they do care about the animals and their owners at that place.  I just can't get the image of my dog screeching in pain/horror at the very end of her life.
3	Updating.Because of my Yelp documentation of what happened with my dog during her final moments of life, this organization contacted me.  Without going into a lot of detail, the individual on the other end of the line who called me, a veterinarian, described the events of my dog's death as something that might happen when given the dosage to euthanize the dog.  Doesn't happen frequently, I was told, totally not something you want to see (definitely not something I wanted to see).  The question still lingers in my mind: why did the vet state that she better give her more of the substance after the dog did what it did when she was supposedly dead?  It was an apparent admission that the dog had not been given enough of the liquid to completely put her out.  Whatever the case, I will be visiting my regular vet in the near future and will be asking him his opinion on this situation.  If he correlates the other vet's statements, then I will post that here as well, to be fair about it.
5	I called concerned about problems with my dog and the person on the phone was very calming and helpful. When I showed up it was a bit slow to get in but that's usually the case for these 24 hour places so I was expecting it.The doctor I saw was obviously concerned more about my pet than my wallet, which was refreshing and reassuring. She didn't push me to do any extra blood work that could wait and she didn't skim over what she was considering could be wrong. I felt like everything was being explained to me very well and that they were going to help me bring my pet back to health however they could on my low budget.Overall, a long wait but a wonderful, reassuring staff to make up for it. That's more than I've gotten out of any other emergency vet at midnight.
1	Well, i wish I didn't have to place a star here at all to review them. I took my dog in and was very upset over the care. After waiting for a long time with no one else in the waiting room, I finally saw the vet. She asked numerous questions, and physically put her hands on him. She said she would be back after taking him to the back for a fecal exam and temp. Thirty minutes later a tech comes back with a $1800 treatment plan. After the 5th read line item I told her to stop and asked how was I supposed to make a decision about treatment when I didn't know what even might be wrong. It went down hill from there. I left after 3 hours with a very uncomfortable dog, a $95 charge ( for the visit) and an upset daughter, We took him to our vet on Monday morning and his problem ( swollen anal glands) was immediately recognized by the vet and taken care of in 5 minutes for an office visit charge. How come an emergency vet could not recognize this... imcompetance!! I  felt they were more interested in upselling services than caring for my dog. After speaking with all the appropriate people I was still not satisfied. They said they did nothing wrong and didn't care if I was a satisfied customer or not. I even told them I would use social media to inform others and she didn't care.
4	An emergency animal clinic is not expected to give you the same amount of comfort and security as going to your regular veterinarian, but when you weight out the pet's symptoms and the hours of your vet's availability,  I'm glad this place is on option for my pet. I have been there years ago for a guinea pig issue but this time I took my cat in after midnight. They gave me lots of options and I gave them as much information as I had. We did a sedation and checked to make sure he didn't have anything irritating the back of his sinuses. This was more my choice because he'd been doing short, sharp coughs and I wanted to make sure he didn't have a piece of hay stuck up there. He has a habit of eating the guinea pig's hay. It was ok and the vet thinks that he may have feline herpes but didn't offer any tests. We did L-Lysine gel for home, steroids and an anti convulsant. A few days later I took him to the vet and he was showing signs of an early URI. The ER vet did suggest antibiotics in that visit but I said I would monitor him. I don't like to give more meds than necessary.I'm happy. I knew I wanted him seen after assessing his symptoms for 6-12 hours and they took care of him until I got him to my regular vet clinic. It's the same for your pets as it would be for you... You get immediate treatment for the pressing issues and sometimes lifesaving measures, but you'll usually get referred back to your regular veterinarian during their business hours.
4	We took our dog into this clinic on Sunday, January 29 as he had been seeing the cardiologist next door at AVS.  We were seen right away and they took the dog to check him out and placed him into an oxygenating cage.  The cardiologist at AVS had diagnosed him as having Valley Fever and we knew this to be wrong and were quite concerned with his breathing in the few days prior to heading for this clinic.  Riley wasn't too happy in a cage and they brought him back to us until such time as were called into a treatment room.  Dr. Dana Caldwell saw us and took a great deal of time to explain what she had examined for and our options.  She too felt it wasn't Valley Fever but found enlarged lymph nodes in his hind quarters and suggested a needle biopsy which would take 4 days before results were back.  She renewed a prescription that he had run out of that would help his breathing and suggested we increase the prednisone.  She told us that the x-rays were currently being reviewed by a radiologist and she'd phone the results to us.  Before we even arrived home, she had called and we called her back for the results.  Regretably Riley deteriorated the following day and by Tuesday morning his oxygen levels were worsening - his skin was taking on  a purple color and tongue was grey.  We knew what had to be done - one of the hardest decisions to ever make - and called an at-home euthanasia vet who suggested that she should at least phone and attempt to see if the results of his needle biopsy were ready perchance.  Fifteen minutes after the euthanasia vet arrived, the clinic called and to let us know that our sweet baby boy had advanced lymphoma.  We were very impressed with the service on the Sunday and the call-back with results on the Tuesday.  While they may not have all the answers your regular vet may have (since your own vet knows your animal's history), we would recommend the Emergency Animal Clinic in Gilbert.  The day after Riley passed, we phoned the clinic and asked for the pathology results which they promptly mailed.
5	The death of a friend is never easy, but Dr. Caldwell made it as comfortable as possible.Our little dog, Minnie, had been through a lot in the past couple of months.  She had ruptured a disk in her back and we were doing our best to keep her comfortable with doses of steroids and other medication.  The surgery to get her better had a 50/50 chance of success and costs anywhere between $5-10K.  We were hoping that she would be better when her steroids wore off, but she declined quickly.  She couldn't move and each touch made her cry.We called the vet ahead of time to let them know we were on our way.  As soon as we arrived they rushed us into a room and made sure that we were comfortable.  They really did care about our situation and you could tell that they felt sorry.  Dr. Caldwell came in and explained all avenues for us to take before we euthanized our precious dog.  She was thorough in her thoughts, explaining that she thought perhaps our odds of success on the back surgery may be better than we had been explained in other offices.   We listened, asked questions and then we all agreed that we were making the right choice, she was simply in too much pain.Dr. Caldwell made sure that minnie was always comfortable and did her best to keep us calm.  I could not have asked for a better vet to help us through what was a traumatic situation.  The costs were less than we thought they would be and I can say that we were treated with the utmost respect throughout our ordeal.Thanks again to Dr. Caldwell and the people at the Gilbert Emergency Animal Clinic.
4	Where very helpful.
5	My dog Roman was being watched by a friend last week, and escaped..  He was taken to the vet after being hit by a car.. thank god we had his tags on.We were about to board a plane when the Vet called us, and we rushed to the Emergency Animal Clinic. They said he passed away before arriving, and brought us a to a room where he was respectfully comfortably wrapped in a blanket. Out of their kindness they made a plaster paw print with his name and gave me his collar. We never visited this location before, but they still were very polite, caring, and respectful for his passing and we greatly appreciate this place! If and when we decide on getting another dog we will bring them here..UPDATEI just received a card in the mail from Kendred and staff at the Emergency Animal Clinic. For the loss of my dog.. I have never been to them before, never new about them... and they show respect. This was very touching, and broke me down a bit. THANK YOU!
4	We had a critical emergency with our dog late at night. The Vet was very honest and informative about our options. The staff was quick and very responsive to our needs . When we decided to put our dog down instead of emergency surgery, the staff was so caring and compassionate. Thank you night shift!
5	Dr. Mount and the entire staff were very helpful and friendly. It's always tough when your pets are sick so it means a lot when the doctor truly cares and treats your pet as their own. Your pets will be in good hands here.
1	I brought in my 5 month old German Shepherd because she threw up 8 times yesterday.  Keep in mind she was drinking & eating, just vomiting yellow bile & some of the chicken I gave her in her bland diet.  She got spayed a week ago & on two different antibiotics.  The doctor came in to feel her belly, told her there might be a blockage.  What!!!!  She doesn't have a blockage!  She had the cone on for a week w/ no access to anything.  Trust me there is no blockage.  The Dr. came in & wanted to keep her overnight.  I'm sure the $1300 for an overnight stay on a dog that is stable & not distressed sounded good for profit.  We chose an anti nausea medication & took her home.  Well, she's fine.  I used my gut instinct, feed her every two hours , smaller amounts, got her well hydrated.  Miraculously she's energetic, playing & thriving.  $1300 for sure was a money scheme to me.
5	On Easter morning we noticed our Senior dog acting very strange. After a while we realized that her stomach seemed to be expanding. I called EAC to ask their opinion. When they told us to come in, we lifted April into our car and headed there. When we brought our girl in they knew she was in critical condition and she was taken immediately back. Dr. Danielle Strohacker came to tell us our options. The first was exploratory surgery as there was a large mass of some sort in her stomach. She was able to relieve some of her pain and get the air out. Yet the mass was still present in the x rays. Considering the advanced age of our dog and the cost of surgery (4-5k) we knew what our other option was. It was devastating but my husband and I had discussed what to do on the way to the hospital. Only 1 of our 4 children was with us. When we made the decision, they brought April to us and waited until our sons got to the hospital. We were given the time we needed to say our goodbyes. Dr. Strohacker explained to us exactly what would happen. She was very caring and truly sorry. We are so thankful that this is where we brought our April. We felt respected and cared for by EACH and EVERY employee there. They made us a paw print that was very special to us. My husband and I returned the next day to bring in a card and, once again, we were greeted with respect. They remembered us. After 13 years with our April, we couldn't have asked for a better place for her body to leave us. Thank you to everyone at EAC!
5	The staff here made a painful and difficult situation as easy as possible for me and my dog, Scooby. We had never been here before, but my vet was closed and this is who they recommended. They couldn't have been faster or more thorough. They were direct about his condition and my options, but patient and kind. I received a sympathy card from them today.    I wouldn't hesitate to recommend them.
5	It is unfortunate when our pets get sick, and unfortunately our pets are aging and have required more than a few visits here between them all. In each and every visit among three of our pets, the techs and vets have all been extremely professional and compassionate. I always feel like my voice has been heard and always feel our pets are thoroughly examined and appropriately diagnosed. The vets have always provided multiple options and recommendations for care. They clearly have your pets best interests at heart. We have been extremely happy with their service and highly recommend them.
5	I had to take my dog Oliver to the vet this morning at 1230.  The staff there was absolutely amazing!! They were extremely kind and caring.  The dr there was absolutely extremely knowledgeable and took her time to explain things to us.  I would definitely recommend this place even if you have to travel a few miles.
5	We are sitting here waiting for results on my beloved animal and everyone here in the office has come out and told me where we are every step of the way. Samantha (at the front desk) has been so kind checking for results and reporting back. The vets and the techs are all  very knowledgeable and caring. Above all, they are priced competitively, Not a single suggestion felt like they were price gouging!  If you are sitting at home wondering if you should go... do it, it is worth it!
5	My first time at this vet and it was an excellent experience! Had a very sick 15 year old dog and they treated him and me with the upmost care. Greeted us outside before we could even open the door. Got us into see the doctor very quickly. Everyone from the girls at the front desk to the vet were absolutely wonderfully. I would highly recommend this place to anyone in need of a ER vet!
3	We spent 5 hours at the vet, it took three just to see the vet. Then two more hours were spent diagnosing a simple rash. I wouldn't come here unless it actually is an emergency, because those dogs get to skip the line. Also, they didn't keep the waiting room clean. Dog hair was all over the chairs.
3	It's an emergency - so you know your going to pay an extra $97 fee, but also be prepared for this:*Look at line items from your treatment plan, I cut my bill by $120 by knowing a little bit about medications and realizing I was being "sold" a treatment plan that was very aggressive. Ie I told them my animal hadn't stopped eating or drinking and they wanted to administer IV fluids. They also requested IV antibiotics along with at home antibiotics.  A little bit much*Be prepared to wait - the critical emergencies will go first. I was told I arrived at a slow time and it took 3 hours.On the positive sideTHey did provide my vet with the SOAP notes right awayThey were willing to change the treatment plan after I went through the line items and realized the aggressiveness. The vet and staff were pleasant.
5	Took my cat in recently. He was not going to the bathroom and lethargic. He had a blocked urethra before so I was nervous (Yes, I'm overly concerned about my pets). They weren't crowded and took him back right away. There's no guarantee of this because it really depends on how many emergencies are there. Good news - nothing wrong with him. And they were super nice, friendly and caring. From the time I walked in the door till the vet tech waved me good bye, it was such a friendly place. I highly recommend them.
4	Brought my cat in on a Friday evening after he swallowed a sewing needle and it got lodged in his mouth/throat. I got there at 5pm and left at 9pm. While I don't know what other animals were there or what they were there for it seemed like many were being brought in for concerns, not injuries (i.e. dog was shaking, etc.) so I would think that my animal would have been a priority. It did seem to take a while with that being said but I'm not complaining too much because, like I said, I don't know their procedures or what their workload was that night. Who knows, maybe I was seen in a very good amount of time! The staff was very nice and kind to me and everyone I saw come in.I got out for much less than I thought. I thought I was looking at $600 minimum but I got out for $200 (non-surgery), $97 of that is for ANYONE that walks in (what is it, $45 for a normal vet with an appointment. Doesn't seem bad to me at all!). I felt like they really tried to keep the cost down as much as possible. They did suggest some things/tests which I declined and they followed my wishes without any questions.My personal thought is to hold off on taking your pet here. Not because the place was mean to customers, mean to pets, dirty, or unfair. I simply think that this is a place for emergencies only - not concerns. If you have a concern, schedule a meeting with your normal vet. That way the general vet fee will be lower, you can come in on a schedule and not have to wait, and your vet will have background information on them (hopefully). It also saves other pet owners time since you won't be occupying a slot. Just my opinion though.
