4	Coffee to rival the best in Vancouver... Excellent!
5	I don't live in Montreal and can only rate this place based on one visit and one Americano but it was great coffee -- bright and a little bit sweet.They have a great little front patio and free wi-fi.They sell tons of 49th Parallel coffee (which is currently my fave) and staff is super friendly.
5	The espresso is magnificent and, at the moment, they have both 49th Parallel and Ritual beans.  I nearly passed out from joy when I saw the Ritual logo in the store.  I am pretty sure a choir of angels was singing when I sipped my first espresso here.  Could have been the radio...What really differentiates Myriade from Art Java's downtown location is that Myriade is really, consistently good.  I've never had a bad shot of espresso here.Note to West Coasters: you will not be disappointed!
5	YUM YUM YUM.  It was a quick stop for us, but so glad we did.  Nice staff, cute place, delicious coffee... the kind of place that I would come to on a regular basis if I lived nearby.  Hope I can go back again and try some of their coffees in a press, or a siphon... so many options!
5	GREAT coffee shop. I have been asking hotel staff and people on the street where the best coffee in Montreal was and I received the same answer, Starbucks. I'm glad I didn't take that for the answer, instead I went on a hunt and finally found, the best coffee in Montreal.
5	One of the top coffee shops in Montreal!
5	This nice WARM coffee shop was heaven sent when i was in freezing Montreal. The staff is very friendly and your drinks come very fast. Its usually busy but not busy to the point that you feel awkward staying and drinking your coffee there because of the hustle and bustle of the crowd (as I do in some places aka Starbucks -_- ) You have to try the sipping chocolate!  :D
4	One of the best true coffee shops in mtl-no panini presses getting in the way of great coffee (although they do still offer pastries for hungry visitors). 49th Parallel seems to be their staple, but they've offered a variety of coffees-both different roasters and regions. In addition to standard filter, they also offer press, eva solo and siphon brewing methods. Knowledgeable staff in a cozy but cute space with wi-fi. I'm only knocking a star because of inconsistency. I've had delicious, perfectly extracted shots here, reminiscent of the best of the west, but have also experienced the biting acidity that other reviewers commented on. I can only think to attribute this to the high rotation of espressos and what seems to be a preference for bright flavor profiles. That being said, the folks at Myriade offer enough selection and seem nice enough to find you something you'll really enjoy. Not a coffee fan? Try anything containing their real chocolate mix, it's great!
4	Coffee aficionados will appreciate the attention to detail of the baristas here. I had a couple of eva solo presses. They were clearly serious about selecting their beans and preparing the coffee.I had to remove a star: there was no wi-fi and the place is cramped with tiny tables. This isn't a place for a chill out session on a sofa with your iPad.
4	This is the best coffee in the Downtown core. Not only is it the best coffee but it is inexpensive and the service is great! I prefer their americano's to their espressos. Right in the middle of Concordia University campus it is sometimes hard to find a place to sit. If you do, have the french press option, great for a date! If you get there early they usually have a great selection of baked goods! Personal favorites are the vegan apricot coconut muffin!
5	The BEST cappuccino in Montreal. So good that I had two :) Small caffe, but comfortable with a great vibe.
4	My boyfriend enjoys this cafe for espresso. I tried a Mocha once with only a little of the chocolate (watching my sugar intake) the modification was welcomed and no one looked at me strange, much appreciated. Ha. Anyhow, the Mocha was good. They use REAL chocolate for these decadent lattes. Can't complain too much about the coffee... as everyone else says, it's good!The tea selection is authentic. There is choice between many types and those are split between organic and regular. When you order a tea onsite they give you a large teapot with a teacup. There is no skimping. The experience is fun.
5	Myriade is basically the no-frills, superb coffee place you've always heard of but figure is too obscure to find. They do coffee in its various flavors and very little besides - just the way I like it!People looking for wifi, expansive seating (not unless it's a warm day!) and tons of food options best look elsewhere. This is the place to go when you want a really, really good latte, a croissant, and a few minutes off the side of Ste. Catherine to chill. You're only seconds from getting back on the shopping path. And the Vancouver heritage shows - any transplants from the west coast will know exactly what I'm talking about the moment they take a sip.
4	The biggest grudge I hold against the Concordia-Bishop-Mackay area is its lack of stylish, delicate, unique and quality places. Appealing to Ed Hardy clientele does lead you to favor quantity and superficiality but luckily the Antichrist has come: Myriade.The cafe has a great varieties of beans (Kenyan, Jamaican, American) which are chosen to fit specific types of preparation (French press for example). While other coffee shops on St-Denis will offer you a wide range of choices, you will perhaps appreciate the more narrow and focused selection here. More, the diversity of the menu is also reflected with its authentic and rare tea varieties such as the Black one imported from Northern China.Myriade is very busy though and you won't find many seats during the summer. Being one of a kind in the neighborhood, do not choose this cafe to work or read as its noise level won't allow you to focus accurately. Furthermore, the WiFi is pretty poor as you will have to share Concordia's bandwidth. Too bad, coziness would have paired magnificently with such a beautiful interior.
4	Really, really, really good coffee. It had to be one of the best lattes I have had in a long time. Their muffins, especially the raspberry chocolate chip one, are to die for. I wouldn't have known the muffins are vegan unless I was told. I only wish this cafe was closer to my home.
4	Great coffee shop. Does everything right, and is equipped for much more, while still being just shy of pretension. I totally dig the vibe: open and efficient. The terrace is a great place to hang out and work on your wifi, caffeinated. I'd come back in a heartbeat.
4	Staying in the downtown core of Montreal recently, I kind of expected there to be a number of quality cafes within walking distance; places that really cared about the quality of their beans and creating some good drinks.  As far as I can tell, that's not the case.Luckily, I came across Myriade by way of a recommendation from a friendly stranger.  Proudly displaying beans from 49th Parallel in Vancouver and Ritual from SF, this busy shop equals the quality I've become accustomed to while in Toronto.My friend got a latte, while I opted for an Americano.  Both were excellent and proved to be the best espresso I had while in Montreal.The cafe has a great atmosphere, with patrons spilling out of the tiny interior onto the steps in front.  The place was abuzz with activity, and proved excellent for an afternoon of people watching.Overall - a must visit for coffee aficionados visiting downtown Montreal.
5	It took a couple of hours for me to finally find this spot (coming in from Vieux Port and downtown).  Google maps didn't lead me right (boo hoo!) along the bus path, but hey.... there's so much to eat in Montreal, may as well get the exercise to balance it out.Once I found it, I was hoping it was open!  And yes, I believe it's open until 7pm.  It's a small shop, but very clean and with a spacious outdoor seating area (more room outside than inside..  and I'm not sure how that works in the winter).  I ordered a latte, and he recommended the carrot cake when I asked for a pastry suggestion.  Sold.  For those espresso geeks out there, they use Ritual (although not the time I was there), as well as 49th Parallel.  The one I had, I forget the name of, but rest assured, they know good espresso beans, and they use it, and make it quite excellently.  It was one of the best lattes I've had - beating all of the southern California shops I've hit up (i.e. Intelligentsia).  Service is superb.  So friendly and nice, and yes, the carrot cake suggestion was well done.  It's not a frosted/iced carrot cake a la my homeland of the USA.  It was plain, but filled with chunks of walnuts and carrots and pineapple.  I only really care for fresh pineapple on its own and not *in* anything, but this really works well.  Not overly sweet, either - but enough to make the perfect pair with a latte.  A tad pricey at I think almost $8 for drink and cake, but most things in Montreal seem high quality - and so it ends up being well worth it.
3	We ordered chocolate water (literally taste like melted dark chocolate with water....quite interesting, really rich chocolate taste, a little bitter), apricot danish thing and meat pastry. The pastries were good, very light and flaky. The staff were very friendly as well.We didn't try their coffee coz we are not coffee drinkers, but overall this place is alright.
5	Amazing coffee, thank you yelp for leading me in the right direction. You can spot this places a block away, there are people everywhere.
5	I work nearby and try and make it to cafe myriade every weekday. I have had all sorts of drinks from here (latte, mocha, espresso, tea) and they have all exceeded my expectations. The Earl grey tea is the best I have ever had, no sugar necessary. However, it comes out scalding hot so watch out.They also sell an assortment of pastries such as banana bread, vegan muffins, and croissants which are my favorite. The staff is always efficient and helpful. The tunes are very indie and it is definitely a hipster joint. Personally I love it when I walk in to hear death cab playing on the stereo.
5	West coast coffee, west coast vibe in the heart of Montreal!Hailing from Vancouver, a place where people take their coffee very seriously. It was a relief to stumble upon a place that prides itself on simplicity and quality coffee. They know how to make their drinks with quality and care. I'm not scalding myself on burnt milk and burnt coffee.The simplicity lies in the fact that they focus on their coffee and don't get lost in the notion of the cafe vibe (which personally is a terrible inclination in montreal coffee shops) Just a small assortment  of pastries doesn't overwhelm what they do best.I usually order an americano, but enjoy their cappuccinos (wet, none of this silly cloud of foam crap)cheers!  love the cynical coffee nerd !
5	Almost the best coffee I can find in Montreal so far!
5	Staying in downtown Montreal during a visit, this is the ONLY place we went for coffee. Was absolutely excellent.
5	This is a quaint little coffee shop that serves up true, legit, good quality coffee. It's very homey and simple, it has a friendly and efficient staff, and isn't overpriced like most mainstream coffee shops. Their baked goods are divine but don't steal the spotlight from what they are first and foremost - a coffee shop. I especially enjoy their muffins with my latte or cappuccino. The cherry on top: There is a little patio outside, so you can enjoy your coffee and snack outdoors too.
4	I was pleased by a cup of Ethiopia Adulina brewed with some Clever-like contraption (immersion with filter) was good. I worried that it would be too bright, but it's got some sweetness that balanced things out. Reasonable price, too. The guy who took my order was pretty friendly. Either the wifi was down or they don't have wifi. The cafe has a big sliding glass window that they open up when weather permits, letting the fresh air in.
5	Alright, I have to join in with the crowds and say... "woohoo! as good as it gets!"  GREAT coffee, well done, very smooth, no horrible Starbucks burnt-bitter aftertaste, perfect amount of foam on my Americano.  Not a huge selection of eats (just your usual pastries) but probably the best crossaint I've had - flaky and dense at the same time, beautiful buttered crust. Very busy in the mornings!  Seems as this must be a real local hotspot it is just buzzing in this tiny cafe.  Decent amount of seating but you gotta be quick!MMmm, we're going back again this morning :D
5	The true barista is not only an artist, but also humble. And the folks here not only serve the best coffee in town, cups down, they do it without pretension and with a smile. Every time that I've been here they're always striving to give you the best cup possible, even if that means doing it twice if it doesn't live up to theirs or your expectations.Sure, it's not a big chain coffee shop with CDs on sale, big sofas and WiFi leechers. To me, it's a place to make your regular coffeeshop where the barista remembers just how you drink your coffee.
4	Great coffee, space, service...couldn't ask for much more.  Myriade is in a spot with few coffee shops so it was a great find.  My only tiny complaint is that their baked good were not as good as I had hoped. The croissant and pain au chocolate were tasty but soft; I like when they have a bit more crunch to them.
5	Wonderful shop, friendly staff, great coffee with people who know how to truly make it.
5	This is real coffee, served the way it was intended to be. Fresh, tasty and strong! If you want copious amounts of whipped cream and caramel (in essence-- a dessert masquerading as coffee), hit one one of the numerous big chains in the area.... because you won't find it here.
3	Cafe Myriade is a small unassuming cafe but they serve a nice selection of coffee and Black Cat espresso.  Nice selection of pastries as well.  The smaller setting is welcoming.
5	I'm not a coffee drinker at all so why am I reviewing a coffeehouse? I came here a few days ago to meet a friend, neither of us knew where to meet but after reading the reviews here for Cafe Myriade, we decided on this spot and that was an excellent decision.Very small, cozy and extremely limited seating especially in the wintertime when the summer patio is closed, I ordered a fantastic hot chocolate and my friend had a tea. With selections written up on the chalkboard, the smell of freshly roasted coffee, the student vibe, many converstions taking place all around us, it has the feel of a real coffeehouse and not some generic wifi spot like Startbucks of Second Cup where hipsters who wear that sock-thing over their head, silently park themselves in from of their laptops.What I also loved was the musical selections playing in the background. Any place that plays the likes of My Bloody Valentine and Radiohead is totally cool in my book.
5	Myriade reminds me of Vancouver and that is ALWAYS a good thing, because in my opinion, it's (Van) the coffee capital of Canada. But I digress.I really like Myriade because they make amazing lattes. They also use/sell some of my favorite beans from 49th Parellel (from Vancouver!) and that's always a bonus. The staff is very friendly and happy to enlighten you, should you have questions about roasts, bean quality, grinds etc. They're als not over-priced, unlike some coffee shops. Love it! Myriade is very small, so I see it as a to-go place, more than anything. That said, they do have an outdoor patio that's great when the ground isn't covered with snow and it's not -30 :-).  Up side: a friend of mine bakes goodies for them on weekends and they are dee-licious! So.... what are you waiting for? Go check'em out!
5	Excellent cappuccino. What a capp should be. Super tiny shop but so worth it.
4	Best Espresso pull of three coffee shops visited today.  The hot chocolate was very good but the more dense drinkable chocolate (no milk) was superb.  Pastries were good.  Staff was personable.  A little small inside and no free wi-fi, but this can be forgiven.
4	Pros:-Very good espresso based drinks  (from me that's something)-Friendly staff-Convenient location (near Holt Renfrew, Arc'teryx, Museums) and off the main streetCons:-Small space/limited seats-getting in and out is awkwardI like the place, if I am in the area, I will go out of my way to get a coffee here,and to drag/coherce friends that it's worth it.
3	Big Con: Too many 'hip' people hanging at the small local. Big Pro: the coffee! Amazing selection of fancy coffee.Still better than any popular coffee shops!
2	Cafe Myriade is a cute little coffee shop serving 49th Parallel Coffee.Coming here with high expectation and was a little disappointed!Both Americano and Cappuccino we ordered were both overly fruity to even sour.The search of a great cup of espresso drink continues....maybe I just stuck to drinking beers!
4	Loved the coffee!  Just didn't like that their place is small.  But hey...it's a small place that carries a BIG punch!  lol!!!  This will be a place I will visit on a regular basis...SALUD!!!  :)
4	Good coffee happening here. Cafe Myriade sources their beans from several different roasters including Ritual of San Francisco!  They do my fave V-60 dripper brewing. Give 'em a is it for some great coffee/espresso! They have the beans and the right equipment!
4	Cafe Myriade is the go-to coffee shop around Concordia. It's one of the few places with decent coffee amongst all the Starbucks and Java U's in the area. The coffee had a good flavour and I actually ended up getting seconds. I haven't tried their selection of baked goods, and it was hard to resist cause they looked delicious.Cafe Myriade has got a chillaxing atmosphere, but be warned, it's rather small and usually crowded with students.
5	Husband loved the espresso and I absolutely loved my cafe mocha.
4	Great place to pop in for a gourmet latte and a snack- I also tend to buy my coffee beans here. Not the best place to stick around a long time as it is small with few tables. I go for the coffee but not the social aspect. It would be cool if they could find a way to add a social barista bar type vibe where regulars could come- like Lili and Oli down in st-Henri . I always bring guests to Myriade so they can try out a nice coffee.
5	A great alternative to the local coffee chains. This place has excellent baked goods and fresh roasted coffee. It is small, but turn over is fairly quick so it won't take long to get a table, especially if the outdoor deck is open. Service is quick and pleasant. Remember to tip your barista as they bus your table for you! A nice touch. Any time of day you'll find this place filled with a nice mix of business people, hipsters and students.
4	I stopped here on a recent trip to Montreal to see a rock show.  It was early morning, and I was looking for an alternative to Tim Hortons (not that I don't like Tim Hortons).I ordered a cappuccino and a croissant.  The croissant was the real deal, and the cappuccino was just as good as any coffee house back home.The space is comfortable and welcoming, I sat outside thumbing through a newspaper, watching the city come to life.
4	Best mocha I had in a long time - perfect amount of sweetness in the chocolate, and the espresso used was very very good- - no wifi :( so beware if you plan to stay a while - worth a quick visit
4	This place is a great option for those looking for something else than Starbucks or Tim Hortons. They have very good fresh roasted coffee and they are the only place in the area with quality coffee and backed goods. I took a latte and it definitely uphold its reputation. The place is generally filled with Concordia students and it's hard to get a place to sit. People usually end up chatting on the large terrace in front as it is always crowded. Avoid if you are looking for a quiet place to study.
5	I am completely in awe of what I have experienced tonight. Prior to tonight I thought I had tasted good coffee and knew what I liked/disliked. And when I'm out and about, I typically go for Starbucks' Pike Place roast for its body and flavour with my added splash of milk. Tonight I tried an espresso from myriade since I needed the jolt of energy during an intense study session. I cannot believe that that flavour is real. I don't know what the bean the was, how they prepped it - all I know is that I asked for an espresso and I received this intensely flavoured espresso that was not bitter in the least. It had a fruity taste. There was a slight aftertaste on the tongue (which I think was the best part). And it gave me a nice jolt of focus without making me tense or making me feel overly caffeinated. Major, major props!
4	Myriade Coffee is one of the best spot in town to enjoy a rich handcrafted latte or even richer mocha! For any hot cocoa lover the mocha is a must with his rich flavor and texture. The indoor space is a bit small for studying, the tables are small and place often crowded but the outdoor space (terrace) is good to relax on summer days. Excellent location in downtown close to Guy-Concordia metro station. I highly recommend this place for coffee lovers as currently one of the best in Montreal :)
5	Very small inside with a patio that is a bit larger.  We stopped in for coffee after sightseeing and the staff was welcoming and friendly.  A great alternative to "Starbees". My cappuccino and Hubs coffee was so rich and good we purchased a $10 bag of espresso to take home.
3	I'm downtown often so going to Myriade for my caffeine fix is always the highlight of my day when I have to go in this busier core of the city. Myriade is a nice change from the heavy selection of generic coffee chains found in this area and it's the only independent coffee shop this side of town (but I may be wrong, I only go here!).They have a nice coffee/tea menu, sell coffee beans from independent distributors, and a delicious selection of baked goods (vegan muffins anyone?) They even sell Saint Donuts' donuts who make the best apple fritter donuts I've ever sank my teeth into. Nom. It's never busy enough where you have to wait very long for your coffee but there is never room to sit down as it always packed which, in my opinion, is not a bad thing.The patrons tend to be a mixture of people from professionals to students. The staff is always cordial and efficient. Be prepared to be a regurlar at this unpretentious coffee shop :)
5	One of my favorite and must visit cafe when I come here.  Their coffee are always made perfectly.   I absolutely love this little cafe.  It can get very crowded.   But also worth coming here for a take away.
3	I got a latte. The presentation was good. The latte it self was above average.
1	Coffee is ok, but the place is way too small, stuffy, humid, with overwhelming smell of coffee (NOT in the good way).
5	Real third wave coffee. Nice shop, excellent beans, and disgusting bathrooms, just like any good coffee shop :-)
4	Really good coffee and service. The daily bakes goods are excellent. Make sure to try their flat white latte!
5	Once you have perfectly pulled espresso from Myriade you will never enter or even look at a chain coffee shop again. Specialty coffee is where it's at and Myriade does it right. Expertly pulled shots every time. Lattes, cappuccinos pare perfectly proportioned. Baristas always have fun with latte art. Bonus: the baked look great and the few I have tried do no disappoint.
3	Short and sweet: Beautifully presented latte, but weak. Lukewarm latte, when I requested hot. Music was terrible. At some point the couple next to me started to rave dance to the music. I almost wanted to join in if I wasn't so busy yell-versing. I like the variety of clientele though.
4	We choosed Myriade as the closest place around Palais de Congres in Montreal, suggested by Yelp. Saturday, at 9 AM, it was already fool. Nice athmosphere, classical music (perfect for breakfast). A very simple, warm design. Very good latte! Not the best pastry (too much dought, doesn't taste like made on the place). Very friendly staff and welcoming barrista. A nice place to go fo a morning wake up.The prices? CAD 17 for 2 delicious lattes & 2 pastries, a nice ambience and a clean toilet.
4	Charmingly delicious about sums it up. Myriade is a fantastic cafe just around the corner from the Guy-Concordia metro. Their espresso drinks are close to perfection, and their drip coffee is bold and complex (and the filter coffee, served in their pseudo-Sovietique coffee mugs, makes you feel like a badass drinking it). The pastries are phenomenal. So why only four stars? The space is far too "cozy" for my tastes. The seating is quite limited, and even though there's no wifi or power outlets to entice the MacBook-wielding table-leeching students (oh, I know, I'm one of them too...) more than once I've had to stand awkwardly to the side with my coffee and belongings, anxiously waiting for someone to make motions of packing up so I can claim their table before the next guy. Then, there's the tiptoed two-step of trying to squeeze into the newly-opened seat without dumping your coffee on someone's computer or person, or projecting your derriere into their personal space while trying to put your things in order. And then, remember, no power outlets, no wifi. Great for avoiding Facebook, not so great for...well...checking Facebook. But, delicious. And charming. And delicious.
4	Good location, easily accessible, small friendly store and even friendlier prices. Cafe Myriade has everything ranging from dark coffee with delicious muffins to amazingly delicious hot chocolates. Being right next to the library and the engineering building, this is a life saver for if I taste even an extra sip of that absolutely disgusting beverage Tim Horton's calls "coffee", I will puke it out on my next exam. It's as if someone put coffee beans in a hot cup of water, manually grinded them up using a spoon then dipped in a sock to add some more taste.4/5 because it is SURPRISINGLY noisy for such a small cafe. Everything else was perfect!
5	Adore the coffee. I'm not a coffee connoisseur by any means, and I usually don't miss out on cream and sugar, but their coffee didnt need any of that; I only added some honey. Their cafe du jour is great and I always get a pecan bar. The cafe is typically pretty full, but I've never had to wait for a table. If I come back to Montreal I'll be sure to stop by here again!
3	Excellent cappuccino (I love the designs that they do)! The croissants and savory muffins are also tasty.
4	Cafe Myriade is a monster in the Montreal coffee scene. Everybody knows about it.I had several cappucinos and the milk was always poorly textured, the shots are consistent and good but not exciting enough.They are too popular for their own good. At least, go to Myriade II on Saint-Viateur, they have more time to really take care of your coffee.If you're a true coffee lover (snob?), I don't think Myriade is exciting enough for you. For everyone else, it's downtown and it's good quality overall.
4	Myriade is my long time coffee home. Predating--or at least arriving on time for--the new-wave coffee scene in Montreal. The staff is friendly, fast, and familiar. The coffee is strong, simple, and satisfying. There's typically (outside school hours) plenty of space to sit and relax, thanks in part to the lack of available Wi-Fi. Myriade lacks the pretensions and complexities of other coffee houses: outside your regular espresso/milk based drinks, you won't find a vast selection of roasts to choose from (usually 2-3 on a given day) or methods to brew them with (The Vario 60 is all I can make out on the menu). When it get's hot they have cold brew. In the wintertime the mocha is heartwarming. My impression is that Myriade wants to be a staple in your life. You can find more exotic--and better--coffee elsewhere, but there's nowhere as good to plant your coffee fix roots.
4	I always search out the best espresso place in town. Being from Seattle, I'm a serious coffee snob. This cafe is great and serves up a tight traditional cappuccino. Pastries are good but not outstanding. The have lots of local coffee competition awards and it shows.
4	Atmosphere is fantastic, outside terrase, college crowd, great looking baristas and wood decor. The latte quality has gone down some because they introduced larger mugs and did not adjust the espresso concentrations to match - results in a very weak latte. I recommend you order lattes in takeout cups instead or ask for the smaller latte version that has less milk.
5	My favorite coffee shop in Montreal. The staff is great, the coffee delicious and the location is great. Soy lattes are delicious and the pastries are delightful.
4	This coffeeshop is always filled up with a young crowd. Yummy and fresh pastries, delicious latte, great iced latte, convenient location. Inspiring.I like to go there since it has a good location, and work on my stuff during a few hours and just enjoy the moment.Staff is very friendly and courteous.
4	Great coffee, the also have beans from forty ninth parallel, intelligentsia and a roaster from Nova Scotia, Anchored. Drip coffee leaves to be desired though and they don't offer any special brewed coffee (like chemex or syphon).
4	Very nice atmosphere.  Friendly staff.  Cappa is very smooth.  Really like the zucchini muffin.  Chocolate crossiant good, but would be better warm.  Overall, had a very nice experience.
3	Solid coffee but not a place I'd ever want to hang out. Basically a grab and go. Interior could use some love. Bathroom is hella gross. I wanted to purell my body. Enough said. Also, please cut off the WiFi on weekends. You have 6 tables and people are using them as a damn library workstation. You're too busy for that. Just make it easier for me to love you. Cause I just wanna love you. OK? Bye!
3	Good food.  Great for kids and family's.   Loud and busy.  Tables are a bit too close to each other.  Feels a bit crowded.    Great service.
5	Once you have perfectly pulled espresso from Myriade you will never enter or even look at a chain coffee shop again. Specialty coffee is where it's at and Myriade does it right. Expertly pulled shots every time. Lattes, cappuccinos pare perfectly proportioned. Baristas always have fun with latte art. Bonus: the baked goods look great and the few I have tried do no disappoint.
