1	The other weekend I was jonesing for some Vietnamese chow. And the only place i'd ever heard of in my new area was Pho Bac No.1. So shot in the dark, I gave it a try. Well it's done and I ain't never ordering again.There was this pork soup. It was horrible. The pork bits, and I normally LOVE pig meat, looked like little turds floating in a bouillon that tasted like soapy dirty dish water. After 2 spoonfuls I was DONE with that soup.I had the beef and chicken combo, I went for safe stuff, but then these utilitarian restaurants never offer much more than this. The chicken was dry and crunchy. The beef was a really cheap cut and tasted boiled more than it did grilled. The noodles, well I tasted Ramen noodles in my student days that tasted better than this. And the whole dish needed to be sandstormed with salt to give just a little taste.The only thing that tasted like anything was the spring roll which was plural on the menu, I was wondering where the second one was. And it only tasted good once thoroughly dunked in the dipping sauce.And I don't even know if it's an authentic dish from Viet-Nam or not but most Vietnamese restaurants serve Fried Bananas and boy do I love those. I love bananas and then the idea of deep frying them and dipping them in syrup, well that's just awesome but I digress. I ordered the Fried Bananas anyway and that also was a mistake. They tasted pre-fab out of a box and the syrup was made with Maple Syrup. I had no clue that the Vietnamese had maple syrup as part of their culture nor that Viet-Nam was part of North-America and that the Natives cultures taught them how to get the sap from the Maple... in Viet-Nam.
2	Not a good vietnamese by any standard. The Vietnamese spring rolls (not fried) were mostly filled with vermicelli, and the peanut sauce was peanut butter with a bit of cream (very solid).One person with me ordered their shrimp brochettes, which very well could have come from La Casa Greque had it not been for the vermicelli on the side and for the fact that there were only 6 shrimps on her plate. I ordered some stir-fried vegetables in a sauce, and the egg-white colored sauce was more reminiscent of a chinese eatery than a vietnamese restaurant. Which confused me even more because they also had papaya salad, clearly a thai dish.The decor is very simple, and unassuming. Not "date night" material, but perhaps okay for a cheap meal if you're in the area and don't feel like going to a coffee shop or a diner. I would pass.
3	Pho Bac No1 won't be the best place you'll go to eat Vietnamese, but it's a decent restaurant. You don't go there for the venue, as it's a bit old.The food is good, and the service is really quick. Good Viet in Verdun, and perfect for takeout.
3	I prefer to give my money to local restaurants versus ones in other neighborhoods or big chains! I am stating this, before I start writing this review, because I am trying to promote a local eatery (and not the best Pho place I have been to) . Pho Bac No. 1 is certainly not the best Vietnamese place that you will eat at but it is pretty good none-the-less.I like the service when I eat in house, and the delivery is fast and free. The restaurant itself, looks like it is a Greek resto from the early '80's that had never renovated (and the building is reaching the 100 year old point soon); Posh it ain't. But, that doesn't affect the quality or the taste of the food. Which is all solid in term of being tasty and consistent.  The place usually has a few clients in-house and there is a constant stream of p/u orders. So, if you're not venturing all the way to Chinatown, and you're looking for some decent Pho in the hood....give them a chance, I am sure that you will be pleasantly surprised! Enjoy!
1	Will never eat here again. Here's why...Ordered a plate with grilled pork, grilled beef and rice. From the moment the plate was put down in front of me, someting smelled rotten. It was the beef, the beef was very past date. I was hungry and it was late, so i took the beef out of my plate and ate what i deemed to be edible. Server came by, i told her the beef i was served was rancid, she did not seem to understand, and took off minus the rancid beef. I go to pay, i tell the gentleman at the cash that i was served rancid beef. blank stare. I repeat the same thing in french...blank stare. I asked him if there was anyone here who spoke either french or english. A woman comes out of the kitchen, she con erses with the man for 5 minutes, the woman tells me that she will give me 50% off my next visit!? Ok, like i will ever come back to a restaurant that served me rancid beef, i told them they might want reduce the price of my dish seeing as how a portion of it was rancid. They babbled on for a few minutes, they seemed very reluctant to give me any sort of discount, out of frustration i paid FULL price and left. With all the great restaurants in Verdun, don't even bother with this place.
3	Dirty bathrooms. I wonder about the kitchen. Food was ok at best.
3	Bon endroit pour une soupe, et propose des combos rouleau + soupe + plat pour environ 10$. Parfait aussi pour emporter. !
1	DO NOT EAT AT THIS PLACE! This restaurant was just fined a total of $6,100 this year for more than once not complying with safety rules, keeping the place in unsanitary conditions and for absolutely disgusting and dangerous practices.Check out the article below and see the horrifying pictures taken from inspectors. "Rotting meat", "putrefaction", "foul odors", "disgusting smell", "all covered with a layer of black grime easily detachable" are a few of the things described. http://www.journaldemontreal.com/2014/11/21/le-gras-degouttait-de-la-hotteI went to this place once and I plan on never, ever, coming back.
1	This place should be shut down by the Government! DIRTY! They serve rancid meat and do not follow proper hygiene techniques. It smells so awful inside. This is the dirtiest restaurant I have ever seen. We ordered something, then my girlfriend Googled it to check reviews. The article written by the Journal showed up and we pretended we had an emergency and ran out! I've never done that before. I feel bad for anyone who eats there and doesn't use the Internet!
