1	Apparently waiting for 2+ hours and coming in to get results that you were told were there that weren't there is ok in their eyes. However, cancelling one appointment because you can read the results and decide that you don't need to come in for a follow up yet is grounds for dismissal from the practice. I guess he's so busy that abandoning his patients is no big deal to him. I will be searching for a new urologist and considering filing a complaint with the medical board.
5	Dr. Newman and his staff have always been professional and accommodating.  He takes the time to clearly and concisely explain the diagnoses. Would highly recommend.
5	Dr. Newman changed my life.I ended meeting him after couple of episodes of prostatitis (inflammation of the prostate). I had difficulties urinating and empting my bladder completely and had to get up several times at night. The front desk in his office was very helpful to get me in the same day. The waiting time was very reasonable for first time appointment.Dr. Newman was very professional during the exam and took his time explaining to me and my wife my diagnosis, the type of surgery I need, the possible complications and what to expect during the recovery period. He allowed me to ask questions and answer them so I can understand not having medical knowledge.The surgery was a total success and my symptoms resolved. For the last two years I sleep through the night like I used to.I recommended Dr. Newman two of my pals having similar problems and they both had the surgery done by him and are very happy now. I strongly recommend him as the very best urologist you can have!!!
5	I strongly recommend this doctor .The front office is very helpful. Short waiting time.Dr Newman help me allot and changed my life after i was not able to use the bathroom. and had to get up several times a night.
5	Dr. Newman has changed my husband's life completely.  I Thank him and  his staff a lot they are very flexible with scheduling and he has a very friendly staff, the wait is reasonable timing;  despite it is a doctor's office not no fast food place  I'am pleased with his service. I highly recommend him no doubt!!!  Go Newman! Keep changing people's life's (:
5	Dr. Newman is my urologist for years. I had an appointment las week, and once again  the staff was very helpful and patient with me filling out paperwork and figuring out my copay. Did not have to wait long time. The doctor explained the results of my labs and how to change my medications in a very simple and professional way.Strongly recommend
