5	I love Black Bear Diner.  Best big breakfast ever.  I am a huge breakfast fan and am incredibly fussy about quality, size and flavor.This place always has it.  I love their thick cut bacon and yumalicious hash browns.I've also eaten their salads, sandwiches and almost everything else on their menu.  I would recommend almost all of it.Black Bear Diner used to be a small chain with only 5 restaurants stretching through California, Nevada, Washington and Oregon.  Now there are 15+ and it's made its way here to Arizona.  Some people don't like chains, but this chain is consistently good.  I've eaten at the locations in WA, OR, CA and NV -- always the same taste, quality and quantity each time.It's casual and family friendly.  Parking is usually a lot, but on the rare occasion, street parking is mostly recommended.  I find it's usually connected to a hotel/motel.  Don't let that deter from the yumminess within.  :)It's quite a drive from here in Mesa, but worth it.
5	I love this place!  I have eaten breakfast at 'The Bear' several times and have never been disappointed.  Being from Michigan, I really like the outdoorsy decorations.  Every time I dine there I am reminded of restaurants in upper Michigan.The food is delicious, people are friendly, and I love that the menu is presented in newspaper format.  Beware that this place gets very busy on weekends so prepare for a wait if you dine at peak hours.  Let me tell you, it is worth the wait!
5	Take a flying leap Denny's!  It's the Bear or nothing from now on.  I knew the portions were going to be huge so I ordered from the Senior/Small Plate section and  there was still a ton of food, easily 2000-3000 calories.  So a half order of chicken fried steak comes with smashed red potatoes, green beans with bacon (so f-ing good) big garlic bread and of course a dinner salad to start with.Friendly service too.  This place surely doesn't suck.
5	This is hands down the best breakfast place in town. They do a super lunch and dinner as well, but I usually can't get off the breakfast selections. The "California Omelette" (Avocados, Mushrooms, and Jack Cheese) is superb, as is "The Volcano" which is made up of three fluffy / yummy pancakes, sausage, bacon, and eggs. As other reviewers have noted, portions are ginormous. Go planning to share a selection or take at least another meal home with you. There can be a wait on the weekend, but once you get seated, service is prompt and attentive. (Albeit the Fuzzie Bear that walks around can get a little creepy around the fourth table pass).BBD is supposed to be known for their desserts and they do look good, but the blackberry pie that I took home was more than a little tart and the crust was on the tough side. I wouldn't let this stop you from sampling as it could have been an isolated experience based on their reputation.There are actually a few locations in the Phoenix area, so visit their website to see which one is closest to you. http://www.blackbeardiner.com/This definately isn't your parent's Denny's!
5	Perhaps the perfect diner. I recommend everything, especially the biscuits and gravy.
5	My BF and I went to Black Bear for the first time yesterday based on reviews I had read. The prices seemed just a bit high but every single bit of the the food was delicious. We tried the breakfast menu, but definitely want to go back for lunch or dinner.I was in the mood to try a bit of everything, so I actually got 2 orders from the "small" section. A small cinnamon roll French toast, and a small combo plate with 1 egg, 1 sausage link, 1 biscut, and hash browns. It was so good that I ate everything except half the biscuit. And that was because I was simply out of room by them.The only slightly problemic thing was that my BF ordered a large orange juice and what he got was more like a small or regular. And he had to ask the waiter for it twice. Yes, the juice was fresh-squeezed, but for $3+ we expected more.
4	This place is great for breakfast compared to the other chains.I had a bad time at this location a few days ago, but it may have been a fluke because I never had a problem before and I've been there quite a few times.  Stuck me in a corner, no waitress, food wasn't fully cooked, and service wasn't good.   It's never been like that.So I'll try it again later, but because of that, I downgraded from five stars.Although... I can't stand business spelling errors.  I saw an ad for their corned beef and hash or whatever it is and there was a blurb on there saying, "our coffee's always bruin".*tires screeching* WHAT??? Did you seriously just spell "brewin" B-R-U-I-N???? Come on people, spell check isn't the smartest thing on the earth! You still have to use your brain!!*ahem*Sorry. Little soapboxing.Their coffee is still awesome though.
5	Flawless dining experience...best breakfast in arizona...no doubt i have become a regular guest!!
5	Whoa, a woman lost a $70000 engagement ring in the toilet at this place!"A Phoenix plumber became a hero after retrieving a $70,000 ring that had been flushed down the toilet of a Phoenix restaurant."We just did what we do," said Mike Roberts, general manager of Mr. Rooter, a plumbing company. Roberts said he spent about eight hours fishing down the toilet with a fiber optic cable on Jan. 14.The woman, Allison Berry, from California had gone to the restroom after eating at Phoenix's Black Bear Diner, 2410 West Bell Road when the accident happened. Her 7-carat diamond ring slipped off her finger and into the toilet as she was pulling up her pants, she reportedly told a waitress."Read more: http://www.azcentral.com/community/phoenix/articles/2009/01/23/20090123toilet0124.html
1	we usually try to find some different places while we are on vacation. We where not sure what to expect. i had a feeling we shouldnt come here because all the good reviews where for breakfast but who can screw up a breakfast menu? I ordered the ribs with tri-tip and mac n cheese as a side. the mac n cheese wasnt even close to being good. i give that a 1. I found out later that night that my cousin didnt like it either. On there menu it says the ribs are the most ordered thing. The first rib was a 4.5 but then all the meat disappered because there wasnt much. To of the ribs where broke also, not something you want to see while eating. The tri-tip was ok also the parts you could eat anyways. The garlic bread isnt garlic bread that i give a 1 also. My grandma ordered spaghetti and meat balls and she had to use my steak knife to cut one of her meatballs lol.never coming back
5	For what this place is, its a winner compared to Denny's, Coco's, or other joints I'd put in the same category. Its fun for kids, with its Bear theme. I have had the fish fry and prime rib specials, both of which were really good! More than generous portions, this place will really fill you up! Avoid if you are on a diet! Great, friendly, attentive service too. The other location in Avondale is the same, just as good.
4	I have tried the Bear before for dinner and really liked it. The food was very good and the portions were large so that made me happy as well. Im going there right now to try the breakfast so I will give an update on how that went ASAP. And I hate to do this but, to Jessica H, a "Bruin" is a bear hence the spelling error. Im sure they did that on purpose. Get it? Black Bear Diner.....Bruin? Sorry I had to.
5	Usually, I would hate this place.Every ounce of my body hates the kitsch.  Bears, everywhere. The napkins, the walls, the poor high school kid in the bear suit, all of it. Even the plates.But their food is amazing.  The breakfast is filling, flavorful, and the variety is astounding. From scrambles, to skillets, to steaks, potato pancakes, and pie, this place has everything one needs for a good breakfast.What is an added bonus is that their food isn't greasy. Time and time again I have been to plenty of places with greasy food, and the Black Bear has constantly kept up great food.Definitely worth going, over and over again.However, I have never tried anything but the breakfast.
5	I feel like a small town guy in my local diner when I go here. The food is great, sure they might mess up an order here and there, but they fix it. The service is great, usually really attentive and helpful. The prices are great especially for the amount of food. BRING A SWEATSHIRT IF YOU GET COLD EASY
4	Mom's Day.   Dad's Day.   Let's just make up one and call it Black Bear Diner Day, and I'll gladly go for breakfast, even if I have to endure a little wait.The orange juice is freshly squeezed, comes in a large glass, and  tastes like cutting an orange in half and making sweet oral love to it.The food is really good.  Everything except the bear claw, ironically, but really, everything else, from fresh fruit, to griddle items, to biscuits&gravy, to even a cheapo steak & eggs has been certified as yummy by either myself or a close family member anywhere from kid to grandparents.  Service ranges from acceptable to nice and friendly, and with the tiny bear paws running the length of their kooky suspenders as part of their uniforms, you hardly even notice most of them have freaky punky tattoos up and down their necks,etc.Breakfast is a 4.5 over several occaisions, and I'm factoring in one late lunch experience at around a 3.75-4.Black berry shake is a fizzle to the -ive point oh, fo' sho'
2	Perhaps I expect too much out of a diner. They put us in a room that was about 90 degrees. The waitress seemed more fit to be a bartender at the Rouge West than a waitress at a Diner. The food was ok, kind of bland and tasteless. I much prefer My Mothers Restaurant for this type of food. On the plus side a dude in a bear suit scared the living hell out of a small child, so the trip wasn't a total loss.
4	I had never heard of the place until saying good bye to my best friend on our way from Seattle to Phoenix last week.  After she suggested it for breakfast (we were in a hurry so had to go for quick and easy instead) I seemed to drive by a million along the way through Cali.  We saw one right down the road from our Hotel once we made it into Phoenix and mused that we should try it out.  Come Saturday morning we were really in need of a good breakfast so off to the Black Bear we went.  The wait wasn't nearly what we are use to (seriously, Seattle area waits can be ungodly for places like Denny's even).  We were seated in a large room with people all around eating awesome looking food.  After a few scans through the menu we placed our order and waited.  It wasn't very long at all when our waitress brings out two HUGE plates filled with food!  I had decided that I might as well be a tough sell  (I would have to report back to my friend if I was a fan our not) and go all out and order the Tri tip Scramble with home-fried potatoes and toast.  The tips were cooked to perfection!  Not chewy or dry, just right!  My food was great, I couldn't even hope to finish my plate.  I can't remember what exactly my husband ordered but I know he finished his plate and we didn't even begin to feel hungry until past dinner time!I am sold, I will be a Black Bear fan-girl from here on out!
3	I am a new Phoenician and so I decided to try this place on a friends recommendation. I must say that unlike many other reviewers I am still on the fence after 3 visits. I want to like this place... Kinda like how lots of people are into sports.. I can take this place or leave it. Positives:1. Portions are big. Real big. If you order some of their "large" breakfasts you are in for an epic size. 2. Service is normally good even when it's busy. The servers incidentally look like they are undercover roller derby girls. Cute!So anyways I ordered some huge hamburger the first time. I pictured some yummy burger served up the way that only little chain places do. Dry bun, no cheese, not flavorful. Swing and a miss. :( the next time I went I ordered more traditional breakfast fare and that was.. Ok. I had an ice cream sundae with their custom flavors.. Boo! Big hunk of ice in the ice cream, huckleberry, their custom chocolate and yea. Strike two! I felt bad when the derby girl asked me how I liked the sundae she made for me. She told me it was so pretty that she almost kept it. Had to bite my tongue there lol. On the other hand there was a pretty solid breakfast the last time. Their crown jewel are their sweet cream pancakes. They charge too much, but these ain't no Krusteaz... Light, sweet, delicious, yum!So in closing... This place has not won my heart but I won't say no either.
3	This used to be another chain a few years ago, I hadn't noticed it had changed until I visited a Black Bear in Tulare Ca. a little while ago.  I happened to be cruising by and saw the sign, called the wife and went in for some take out.  I got the tri-tip, chicken fried steak, and pot roast dinners with green beans, mashed potatoes, scalloped potatoes, salad and soup.  Everything was good except the pot roast.  Some may like it, but I make much better at home, so I was biased.  The tri-tip was the real star!  Perfectly cooked (med rare), very well seasoned, tender, awesome!  The food does have a home made taste that is really great.  I'm looking forward to trying the breakfast! You get plenty for your money so it's a great value.  Both times I've been there the staff were friendly and helpful!  I will be back.
4	I have never had a bad meal or service here. They are attentive to kids and make eating there enjoyable for the whole family. latest trip was the breakfast after a big 9 year old birthday. She wanted BBD. She always gets the same thing. French toast, egg well done and sausage. Washed down with root beer. 5 stars from her. I got the eggs scrambled, 1 biscuit and gravy with home fries. The biscuit was the size of my fist and great. The gravy could have had more sausage in it but that was OK. The eggs were eggs and the home frys were awesome. Service was top notch and the place was clean.
2	After the first time we went there, we decided we wanted to go back a second time in December since, Black Bear Diner isn't really built for the Phoenix summer. Unfortunately the second trip was just as disappointing as the first. I got something called "The Volcano" which is just eggs, pancakes, sausage and bacon (Not sure how that warrants the name "volcano." ) The eggs were bland, as were the pancakes. The bacon and sausage was pretty good. Nothing special. The server was friendly. Black Bear Diner is really just a Denny's with a Bear/Mountain theme.
2	I had biscuits and gravy.  They were a very bland representation of biscuits and gravy.  I was sad, because I've been trying to eat more healthily, and that was my morning to splurge on some super salty, greasy, southern cooking.  Sad.The sausage was good, but the eggs were also bland.However, their hot cocoa was PERFECT!
5	It was a year ago since i've been to Black Bear since I was just visiting in AZ. I ordered the steak for breakfast and it was fantastic. My bf and friend's orders were delicious as well. The food tasted great and when the bill came, I was shocked because it was half as much as I expected it to be.
5	stopped here on our way home on a road trip.  if i had known, i would've stopped on the way out, too.  the bear name drew me in (and the assumption that a diner would have chocolate malts).  the food was fantastic.  boyfriend ordered "bob's big bear burger" and it was probably the biggest hamburger i've seen in person.  apparently it was delicious (how he ate the whole thing, i will never know).  i ordered some sort of burger basket combo, featuring a much smaller cheeseburger (which was delicious), hearty portion of fries (which were ok), and the chocolate malt was only $2.99 (instead of $4.50-ish)  with the combo.  And it was one of the best chocolate malts I've ever had.  And the prices were reasonable.  And I actually loved the kitschy bear theme.  Can't wait for another trip that takes me through Phoenix (and I never thought I would say that).
4	The wife and I went here on a recent weekend after having it on our radar for quite awhile.  I expected it to be crowded when we got there around 8am on Sunday, but there was hardly anyone there, although as we were wrapping it up, business had picked up a little bit.  Service was fine, nothing bad, nothing great.  We both started off with coffee, which was average.  The wife ordered a mini-stack of pancakes, which was huge, she had about half of them leftover for the next morning.  I ordered an omelet (avocado/mushroom/cheese minus the mushroom).  First of all, not only was this omelet pretty big, it seemed like they substituted the subtracted mushrooms with additional avocado, which was very nice.  There was a ton of avocado on top, plus in every bite of egg as well.  The hash browns that came along with it were very good as well, nice and crispy.  I saved the second half of the hashed browns and the biscuit for breakfast the next morning.  Both were as good the next day as they were the first day after putting them in the toaster oven.Overall, I enjoyed Black Bear very much and hope to go  back soon.
3	I have been graciously reminded by many people that a "bruin" is a kind of bear.Sorry guys... I'm an AZ native (we don't have bears here in Phoenix) with the classic AZ school system education. :)
4	I love this location and the other one on 66th and Bell. This one tends to have friendly service and more attentive wait staff. Food is always great, portions always big, can't go wrong with this place.
4	This location will be closing by the end of April. If you go now you can get a 15% off and a free entree for your next visit to the 67th Ave and Bell Rd one.. I am a little bummed!
