4	At this store at Woodlawn and Park Road you will find a lot of wine.  A LOT of wine.  They probably have the largest selection in Charlotte.  And beer.  I don't buy wine often but if the grocery store or my other local options become less exciting I know where to go.For liquor you have to go to the ABC around the corner.  I know, I know.  There are no wine and spirits shops in Mecklenberg County.  We'll get through it.  All together now, "Plan two stops... plan two stops... plan two stops... plan two stops..."
4	I wanted to pick up some dessert drinks to share with a female friend after we went on a dinner date.  This place had everything that I could imagine.  I had an impulse to just grab a grocery cart and stock up.  No, no, self-control.  Total Wine is like the Harris Teeter for wine and beer.  They carry plenty of independently owned brewed beers (like Hobgoblin-one of my favorites).  I didn't come here for beer, but I am a guy and I like beer more than wine.  I made a comprimise and picked up two big bottles of Chocolate Stout with a bottle of Lambic.  Pour three fourths of beer into a pint glass and one fourth Lambic, skip the chocolate cake.  I liked this place, but I prefer smaller shops, helping out the little man.  I would come back if I had to pick up something quick.
5	I visit the Total Wine a couple of times a year.  Why only a couple?  It's dangerous!  I went in to buy ONE bottle of wine as a gift.  Next thing I knew, an hour had passed, my arms were full of four bottles of wine, I was searching for a basket to add a fifth, and I still hadn't decided which bottle to pick up as the gift!  Total Wine has aisle upon aisle and shelf upon shelf of wines from all over the world.  And local NC wines as well.  And for those of us who enjoy wine but aren't fine wine connoisseurs, the bottles are simply categorized, the shop provides a description of the flavor of each, they label monthly favorites and new varieties, and each bottle is discernably priced.  It's like wine for dummies!  The prices always amaze me, too.  I don't like to spend a lot on a bottle of wine and enjoy finding a bargain, especially if it's something palatable, new, and comes in a nice looking bottle.  I'm all about packaging!  Don't get me wrong, though.  Total Wine also carries a huge selection of top-of-the-line choices and offers wine classes!  If you're looking for a bottle of wine for a gift or just a nice evening at home, pass by the wine section at your local Harris Teeter and give Total Wine a try instead.  You'll be amazed at all the wine they have...and get a great deal in return!  And if you're more into beer, they have a large selection of beers from around the world that I've never even heard of, too!p.s. The French wine in the pink label that I got for the gift was a hit!  Everyone loved the packaging and wanted to know where I got such a beautiful bottle of wine.  Do I know how to pick 'em or what?
5	I have found sooo many great bottles of wine here.Not only will you find the big name items, but right next to them you'll findless expensive bottles that resemble the big $$ just as well.don't be afraid to explain your dinner menu or just ask questions, most I have spoken with seem to be very smart and up on their wine!Cheers!
4	Great selection and knowledgeable staff.  If you want to take the staff's advice on wine selections, my vote is for "John".  I've tried his picks and others and John was 10 for 10.  I would like to see things a little more organized but, since there is so much to look at, it doesn't bother me that the store looks like a disheveled warehouse.  All in all, I think its a terrific place.
5	My husband and I love this store.  This place is one of the biggest beer/wine stores I've been to.  We don't go here for the wine so much as we do for the huge beer selection.  We find ourselves stopping in sometimes just to browse the aisles and we always end up buying a create your own six pack.  It seems like you can find just about any kind of craft beer you're looking for here.I came here with some friends over the weekend who were in the market for some local wine.  We asked one of the employees for some suggestions and I was quite impressed with his knowledge of wine.  He was very friendly and helpful.If you're looking to buy some beer outside the regular domestics, this is the place you need to go.
4	A great place for the wine person, and a pretty good place for beer people too! Sure, I'd always go to Brawley's first, but if they're out of something or don't have what you're looking for, this location of Total Wine almost always has it.A really helpful staff, a clean, nice environment and of course rows and rows of sweet booze. Prices are fair and they've even got a cold room for kegs and cases of cold beer if you're looking to party in large quantities and/or right away - in which case, invite me!!
4	aisles & aisles of wine? check.decent selection of craft and seasonal beers? check.free wine tastings? check.helpful employees? check.special orders at no extra charge? check.darn low prices? double check.yes, it's missing the insane liquor selection tw&m gets to have in other states, but thats NC for you. (and the abc is right around the corner.) I never get through the store without at least one person asking if I need help, they can usually special order anything they don't have in store (if it's still available by the distributors, hardly anything out of season) at no extra charge, and you really cannot beat their prices.I haven't sat through any of their wine or beer education classes, but I've heard good things about them, and the prices are usually pretty low to enroll. as for the beer selection, its pretty big. seasonal 6 packs are scattered throughout the store (and i've had some employees tell me they don't sell seasonal beers as singles, but they do. i'm pretty sure they just don't like to unless they've separated the pack themselves.) then there is a huge set of shelves divided between domestic/craft and imports singles, and then a long aisle of 6packs and cases, also separated my domestic and imports (and a lot of brewer mixed/sampler cases). they've upped their 750 bottle selection and craft selection in general over the past 6 months or so, it's rather impressive. you can also pick up growlers and assorted sizes of kegs. As for the wine, it's expansive and they most likely have what you're looking for in stock. (& also a good selection at each price point.) they are starting to increase the rate they send out coupons, so i'd definitely sign up for their email list.
3	I really wanted to love this place, but I've been spoiled by Liquor City in Syracuse. I wasn't able to find most of my favorite reds, and the two I did find were marked up almost 15% what I am accustomed to paying. Found better prices at Harris Teeter. Wine ratings were few and far between which I think is a HUGE mistake. There are plenty of 90 point wines for under $10, but you wouldn't know that from going to this place. I did appreciate the cigar room though. Great selection.
4	I stop by here from time to time, usually if Brawleys is out of what I'm looking for.  The place is definately geared more toward wine, but that is expected given the name. They seem to have a fairly decent selection of the more mainstream craft beers. Not the best place if you are looking for rare beers or one offs. The presentation of the beer is well maintained, seems to be sorted by country, and the prices are clearly visible. I like the fact that you can build mixed sixers. The pricing is pretty well on par with most other establishments in the area.
5	The only place to buy beer and wine in Charlotte.  Go for the tastings if buying wine intimidates you.  They sell my favorite white wine here Conundrum for $19-21 bucks when a glass of it at Mimosa will run you $16 bucks a piece!!!  Only get your beer here too!!  A 12 pack of Heineken for $11 bucks???  You will never go anywhere else.  Discounts on cases also for those of us lushes - love you Total Wine!!!
5	Ok yeah TOTAL wine....all the wine you could imagine browsing for.  Everything from a $6 bottle of Merlot to $50-60 bottle.  Some of the best prices I've ever seen on wine but the beer pricing is really the reason I would encourage you to visit.  No where else will you find 12 packs at a solid $3-4 discount from what you'll find at your local grocery store.  The staff here is always friendly and quick to lend a hand in my experience.  I liken this place to Costco, you go to stock up and can hardly leave without dropping a decent amount of cash but you'll be set for a long while with your wine/beer needs :)Sign up on their site and they will send you coupons!
4	I find myself here more often than other beer and wine shops. It likely has to do with its' location more than its' selection, although I don't ever leave without something. I don't pay attention to the prices here versus other places, I'm more interested in selection - I want my seasonal brews from out West! TW&M carries a good amount of brews from CO and CA if you're a hop head like me. I'll be back.
4	Being a beer drinker, i feel bad for saying it, but for some reason, my two stops at Brawley's didn't sell me so i still go to Total Wine. This is still my go-to place for beer. Plenty to choose from. They always have a nice seasonal selection and quite a variety of domestic and import. My only complaint is they don't have a vast NC selection. i don't spend much time in the refrigerated section, so don't know what hides over there.  Another bonus, they regularly send a $1 off coupon in their email to use when you make your own 6 pack. As far as wine, there's a ton of it. i don't drink much wine beyond a very rare 2 buck chuck, but they seem to have a plethora to choose from.  Based on the people i know that love Brawley's, i have a feeling i will succumb to them someday, but for now, it's still Total Wine for my beer.
5	I've been living and working within walking distance of this place and kept thinking, "I've got to go by there, I keep hearing good things." But it's easier to pick up a bottle of wine during a grocery trip - so I thought! This place has an excellent selection of beer, wine, accessories, and cigars! I made one trip here as a last minute gift grab and I'm hooked. The staff is knowledgeable and helpful, the selection is insane and I can't get over the fact that the walk-in humidor is as well stocked as a cigar shop. They also have a complimentary Guide to Wine, Spirits & Beer which is full of tidbits and wine facts - great for enjoying a glass of wine and skimming through.LOVE. IT. I will forever go here for my wine, beer, and cigar needs.
4	I'm surprised that more of the employees don't recognize me by now.They do have a decent selection if you're a novice, but I will say they are a bit short when it comes to selection in the French wines.  The thing you would assume to be the worst, is actually one of this places best qualities, the price.  Recently on a trip to Taj Mah-Teeter (Morocroft's Harris Teeter) I realized that they had jacked the price up on nearly all of the wine in the store.  Sure they try to mask that by saying "We jacked the price up $10 over what it was, but look... $6 off!!"  I mean really - who falls for that?So the kicker is, the same bottle at Total Wine could be a couple bucks cheaper than it is at Teeter - which means, the only reason to get wine at Teeter is now for the simple convenience.I'm pumped about that fact, because I have been known to spend over an hour in Total Wine filling up my cart.  Tip:  Amazing beer selection - great way to find those hard to find brews, and at comparable prices too.  Often cheaper than Teeter here as well. Tip 2: I would avoid their gift aisle - that's where they go a little liberally with marking up the price.Tip 3: They give you a 10% discount on a full case of the same bottle of wine... but only if the price ends in a 9.  So for example, you could get a 10% discount on a case of $9.99 wine, but not on a case of wine where the bottle costs $9.97
4	This place is totally wine and beer heaven.  This place is well organized and probably offers the largest selection of beer and wine in town. They have aisle after aisle of different wines, all well organized.  They group together wines by origin (French, Italian, etc.) or by style (Merlot, Sparkling Wine, etc.).  They also have a fairly decent selection of local wines, if you like those too.  They have a lot of inexpensive wines ($5-7) and a decent selection of more high end wines.  The average price for a bottle is about $10-15.  They also have a wonderful beer selection as well.  You can buy a six-pack or a case of your favorite wine, or you can create your own six-pack.  They offer a decent amount of imports, microbrews, and even local beers.  Their prices aren't too bad, but probably a little higher than usual.The staff has always been helpful in navigating you toward the section you're looking for.  They will also help get you boxes if you're buying a large quantity of wine.So, possibly not the cheapest place to buy wine, but at least you can find a decent selection without going to several different places.
4	Excellent beer selection, Excellent wine selection, Friendly and Informative Employees.For wine, this is our go-to.  The selection is fantastic and the staff has led me to some lovely Chiantis recently.
4	Since the closing of the Total Wine in Matthews, this has become our go-to location when we need something that can only be found at said chain. They've got a large and varied collection: even if you can't find exactly what you want, you'll find something that's close enough. The employees are, generally speaking, helpful and polite, and you can't really argue with free tastings on the weekend.Downsides? It would be nice if they had a larger selection of refrigerated beer for those on-the-way-to-a-party stops. Also, the aisle are rather narrow, and obviously lined with hundreds of glass bottles, so push that shopping cart with caution.
4	Totally everything in beer, wine, and bubbly!There are aisles and aisles of adult beverage options! Wow, plan to spend some time checking things over for your first stop. You may want to do the cash system too...just take cash in otherwise you'll end up spending more than you plan because of the variety and options. They have some wine tastings, while I haven't been they have a nice section set aside for these events. They also have a fun water machine that will chill your beverage in less than 3-5 minutes as you walk out the door. If you are running to a party and want to offer the host a gift, they also have wine bags and other totes to help you look well prepared.
5	This may be one of my favorite places ever...  The inventory alone makes it worth the drive...  The staff really knows their stuff...  Give them a price point, a type of beverage and you're off to the races... lol  I really enjoy the free tastings and they give coupons for the wines on the tasting bar...  Sometimes there are bonus wines or a beer to try... Other times, there are little treats like a chocolate or canapes... Crackers are usually a given to cleanse your palate... I can only think of one time there haven't been any...  Every few weeks, they have a huge free tasting called an Extravaganza... Around 25 to 30 wines and a few beers... They bring out the real snacks for those... :)  In the summer, there are a lot of breweries (local and national) that come by to let folks sample their wares...This store does not have liquor, but I have still never left unsatisfied...
4	Hello Friends,I like TW a lot. I won't try to type some new review. It's enough reviews that probably repeat. Kegs!!! Probably the best prices on Kegs from my travels.  $70 deposit. (1/6, 1/4, 1/2 & whole kegs)Wine & Beer tasting & classes. TTFN
4	Total: comprising or constituting a whole.Yep, that completely makes sense. With aisles and aisles of wine and wine fixings and a massive selection of beer, you're totally covered here. From reds to whites to merlots to chardonnays, all organized and laid out so that you can see it, see the review of it, and find the price of it. Simple.I was looking for some non-alcoholic wines and asked an associate. He knew exactly where it was and rather than say "at the end of aisle two", he brought me to it and asked if I had any questions. Very helpful.If they don't have it at Total Wine, did you really want it anyway?
5	9.9 times out of 10 I go here for my beer and wine. The selection of beer is fabulous and since they've re-organized it, I can find beer(s) so much easier. The staff is super helpful and the prices are extremely reasonable. If you can't find what you're looking for they can special order it for you. I tried a few local places (also on Park Road) but the selections were pretty small and the prices ridiculous. I mainly go here for the beer- and I love all the choices they offer (and I refer to myself as a beer snob). I've picked up wine here on many occasions, and when needing suggestions or help the staff is very informative. Yes, it might be a "chain", but they offer everything I'm looking for and then some.
5	Great place. Friendly staff. Amazing selection... Can find anything and everything.
4	I like this place. It's too bad I do not go here often enough to buy our favorite wine that I cannot find at other places.Place - huge, large selections of wine! There are rows and rows of different wines.Selections - they have everything.  My husband bought this certain Malbec wine that I used to make Pot Roast and it was superb. Maybe I should not have used just a good wine, but I cannot find another other red wine that brings out the flavor like I did.. I could only remember how the label looked.. Red foil cap, Malbec, made in Argentina? , with a wild animal in black. Service - nice and decent
4	For the life of me, I can not understand why this gem falls off my radar. The staff is so friendly and I really appreciate their community room. An absolute prize for networking and small group meetings. And to book the community room is FREE! How great is that!I support business that supports community. I intend to frequent Total Wine more often, for all of my beverage needs!
4	Love the vast selection of wines, and the Saturday wine tasting opportunities are easy on the palate....  Great way to spend the afternoon and learn some new wines too.. Now, if they only sold chicken wings, lol
4	Wine? Wine Tasting? More Wine?Yes, please. I'm a fan of this store! They offer a great variety of wines here with super knowledgeable staff. So I went in this past Saturday for some wine since I'm hosting the holidays at my house, and I know what I like but wanted to spice things up and get a good variety for everyone. I explained my situation and the staff was more than happy to point me in the direction of some very good choices. Four bottles later, and I'm already looking forward to my next visit. And did I mention the wine tastings? When I walked in on Saturday there were three of them! Yep, three! Seriously, I don't know how you could walk out unhappy! If you love wine, this is definitely the place for you!
5	Really neat place--A lot of different wines!From Ohio and was trying to find a Wine place to get my girlfriend and I a couple bottles of wine. Great place! I had to ask for some help from the workers as well. Both women I asked were very good and friendly. I will definitely return here when I return!
5	They have everything you could imagine from hard pear and apple ciders to the basic Chardonnay and your sparkling Veuve. Service is friendly and knowledgable. They give great recs if you are interested in trying something new. Wine tastings are held on Saturdays. They can also host your event! Definitely worth a visit for all your alcoholic needs.
5	I've been shopping at Total Wine around the country for many years. The one in Las Vegas is about 3 times the size of this store, thanks to NC's restrictive laws on selling liquor via ABC stores (Boo!). However, this Meyers Park location is the best overall wine store in Charlotte. There are a few "boutique" merchants (like The Wine Shop in Foxcroft plaza) but overall it's tough to beat this store.They have it all....selection, tastings, BEER, accessories, location (only 5 mins from my house).....and best of all, they have Kira! She's super knowledgable, friendly and is a total wine fool/geek/nerd/obssessed person just like moi! LOLSeek her out when you're in the store....tell her that Paul sent you. She just may steer you to the "hidden" stash!
5	Total Wine and More is like a big grocery store for wine and beer. They have a great variety of wine and also craft beer.  You can find almost anything in here.  If you're a beer snob, check inside the beer fridge for beer from local breweries that bottle and can their beer. You can also get kegs of local beer or mass produced cheap beer.  They also fill growlers for reasonable prices.  They even have some food offerings, including Boar's Head cheeses (would like to see more cheese to go with the wines). The staff is very knowledgeable.
4	I purchase most of my wine from TW&M and usually find exactly what I'm looking for. I like that they promote local wineries and are always looking for ways to improve the reputations for local establishments.  However, the last wine tasting I went to was underwhelming at best.  The employee was nice enough, but at least have it in one of your rooms where you can pair the wine with cheese, fruit...something.  I still bought a couple bottles (lol) but they could have made the experience a little more worthwhile.
