5	There's not a whole lot to say except this store Rocks!  Tony, who helped us on Sunday afternoon, was incredibly knowledgable. He took the time to fit everyone with the proper helmet and inserts.  It was the equivalent of a custom fitting. He could have easily "upsold" , but didn't.  When it comes to helmets for quads, I will never go anywhere else.
5	Jeff, the manager, really knows his stuff. And unlike a lot of places that sell motorcycle gear, he doesn't treat women as second-class citizens. He knows the capabilities and limitations of each helmet and can explain why one helmet is $100 and another is justifiably priced at $500. And then he makes sure that you get the right size helmet for your head. Because a helmet doesn't do much good if it won't stay on your head!They also sell jackets, gloves, coms, and cameras, etc. and he knows all about them too because he tests them out himself. He's not just the manager of a store, he's a true industry professional.
5	Boy are the other reviews right on!I went to the lake pleasant store for a new helmet, was met by Jeff.He asked about my riding habits, and recommended a less expensive Than I thought I wanted.  Thinking about the customer first not profit first. WOW!
5	Jeff (the manager) is a great guy who really knows his stuff. He is always more than happy to share his knowledge and take the time to ensure you get what you need, even if you didn't really know what that was when you went in.Because the owners and staff are all riders themselves, the Helmet Center stores always have a great selection of gear and clothing, etc that people actually want and use, if you want something bike related and it is any good, you can pretty much bet you will find it at the Helmet Center - and if they don't happen to have what you want in stock , they will order it and get it within a couple of days for you.
5	I first started dealing with Helmet Center by watching their review videos on YouTube. Those alone helped me narrow down my search before I ever set foot in the store. Once inside the store, I met Jeff and was guided to my absolute favorite helmet, and for less than $200! Unfortunately it was on manufacturer back-order, so I had to wait. But Jeff kept me abreast to how everything was progressing.I have since been stationed in Seattle, but I will continue to use the Helmet Center for everything that I can. Jeff's willingness to serve the customer and not the profit graph has earned a lifetime customer in me. I highly recommend his store to all riders in AZ, and even my buddies that I meet in other states. You will not be disappointed your experience.
5	I am brand new to motorcycling and had read the positive reviews on the Lake Pleasant location.I dropped in yesterday morning and was greeted right away. I had done a considerable amount of research on helmets so I had a pretty good idea of which model I wanted and what I wanted to spend.These guys are riders themselves and are incredibly knowledgable, unlike the folks at RNS who all, coincidentally seemed to be "between bikes right now."  Anyway, I spent the better part of an hour learning about and trying on several brands, and styles. I ultimately walked out with the Nolan helmet I intended to get.Great selection, super knowledgeable staff and locally owned! Give these guys a shot.
5	Very great service, they help me everytime I come in and they have everything in stock thanks guys
5	These guys are awesome. They take the time to educate themselves about all the products they carry and they spend time with you picking out what is exactly right for your needs. I bought a helmet from them and also the 2 pack of scala intercoms and they installed the scalas on both my helmets......huge help. great place for all things motorcycle.
