4	I recommend Sushi Yuki to anyone who believes that good sushi can not be found in a land-locked state. Also for anyone whose a little shy about ordering sushi for the first time. The menu has very concise descriptions of all the sushi, and the tables even have diagrams with pictures on them (granted, they're promotional material from one of the beer vendors they carry, but still). Personally I recommend the boat. It's filling, it has a lovely layout, and  you can pretend you're a sea serpent or something. If you hear the waitress laughing it's because you're eating the garnish. Take it out of your mouth and put it away.
4	I've been to very few sushi places in the valley, and most of them have been the strip-mall variety, but I always keep coming back to Sushi Yuki. It is quaint, friendly and, in my limited sushi opinion, they have pretty good sushi. I usually get the combination rolls dinner -- California rolls, cucumber rolls and tuna rolls. I know -- not really sushi, but it is as close to sushi as I'm going to get, and it is yummy. So there. Anyway, it's fairly small and not super busy, but probably a place for a lot of repeat customers like myself. Check it out if you are ever on the west side.
2	Sushi Yuki.. Sounds like cartoon character's name.. So i gave it a try..well.. it didn't meet my expectation.. i ordered my usual sushi.. salmon.. also known as sake..  it had lemon on top.. i asked the server why there is a slice of  lemon .. and server said.. "that's how our customer like it"..  it was clear to me that their fish was not fresh enough to be served without the lemon..I still gave a shot.. took one bite.. and "check please"..  maybe i am spoiled with quality sushi from other places.. or maybe i am picky??  nah.. sorry i had to give low rating!! maybe next time they can serve without the lemon and rotate their fish more often!
3	Stopped in with a friend after a spring training game and tried a few rolls. I have to say, the place was close to empty, there was one table being used when my friend and i walked in plus employees, i figure that since it is located in a strip mall, maybe it does not get a lot of foot traffic, or people in the area were just to busy at that time to be there. I would not know, i do not live in the area let alone the state.So we ordered the following:Super Philly Roll (it came with salmon,never had it that way)Spicy Crap RollCrunchy RollSpicy Tuna RollI was going to try the sushi, but opted not too, not because of the place, i was just to full with the rolls, and i know me, if i start with one dish, i will not stop, and my friend is not into sushi, she digs rolls, but not just sushi.Not sure if i will every be back to that particular spot, but if you are in the area, give it a shot, not too bad.Enjoy
3	Not bad but unfortunately nothing to write home about. I always order a Las Vegas roll to check the locations taste and culinary genius and this one was pretty normal. I also ordered a spicy salmon handroll and some salmon sashimi which were both the best things I ate here. The salmon was fresh and it was a lot of sashimi for the price of $8.95 which was great. I would come back for the sashimi at that price. Decor was nice altho there was conflicting noise from the music playing and the sports on the tv, but I was at the bar so I was right next to the tv. Service was great.
4	First I like Sushi. I eat sushi every couple of months or so. I know nothing about how it is supposed to be prepared and presented. What I am trying to say is I am no expert on the subject. I just know what tastes good to me. I was by myself and wanted sushi. My daughter was free and we met at Sushi Yuki on Thunderbird. We were early for the dinner crowd so we had the place much to ourselves. We ordered. I, really not knowing exactly what I was ordering except it sounded good. We had a cucumber salad, Spider roll, cucumber roll, California roll, scallop hand roll. Way more that anyone should eat. Everything was very good. I enjoyed the meal and the company of my daughter. Our waitress was very attentive making sure our glasses were full and everything was to our liking. I will definitely go back. The plus is they are only 2 miles from where I live.
4	Big Huge slices of fish, my biggest ever experienced in Arizona.  I could not believe it, the chef just smiled. He knew i was happy before I even put it in my mouth.  the rice was fresh, partly because we went for lunch.  I started off with some warm sake, and miso soup, a must when you sit at any sushi bar.  miso was good, and then after my dad and I handed our order the chef put some nice fresh wasabi, you can tell when it's fresh because of the potent smell and gooey like texture.  accompanied by a very pink ginger, it was very yummy and would hold me off till the sushi arrived.  First up was the Maguro (tuna) it was alright; big slices but not very fresh or flavorful, the Hamachi (yellowtail) was different, same big slice but fresh bold flavor absolutely delicious.  then the Sake (salmon) which was good, not as good as the hamachi.  And finally to finish off our nigiri sushi the albacore, oh my gosh, beautiful presentation with finely sliced scallions on top.  This was the winner of both my Dad and I.  It was sooo soo soo good.  Then the rolls came out, a baked scallop roll which is a califronia roll with massago and scallop on top.  and also a dragon roll which was Unagi (freshwater eel) inside with spicy tuna and avocado on the outside.  My Dad and I weren't impressed very much by the rolls(sort of sloppy in preparation and not very appetizing) but the Nigiri, well, it captured our hearts.  we will be sure to come back and order some different rolls next time, I give the chef some credit, maybe he didn't have his groove on yet because it was early in the day haha, but either way, he made loyal customers out of us.Also the atmosphere here is very quaint, family style operation run by wife and husband is what it seemed like.  Very nice friendly people.  great service and they gave us some complimentary watermelon slices before we left, gotta love that.  Parking is great, location, well, right next to Sprouts and it's sort of a hole in the wall.  but nice size once you open the door.Sushi rolls were 10 each, and the sushi was 4.25 each, warm sake was 3.99 and I also ordered a cold one, which was 8.99.  Good prices, better than Kabuki across the street and cheaper sushi price than Tokyo Lobby but the fish wasn't as good as Tokyo Lobby.
4	From the outside this place doesn't look like much.Service was friendly, and very attentive (only one other group of diners were present). Everything was reasonably priced.The octopus salad was full of flavor; nicely seasoned, and very tender. My tootsie and tempura shrimp roll did not disappoint, either.  I also tried my dining companion's salmon skin roll. Not really a fan, but surprisingly this version didn't taste as fishy as I thought it would be. I actually liked it.I'd definitely come back here again. What a hidden gem.
5	i actually enjoy going back to sushi yuki, not only because it was really close from i used to live but the sushi i must say, wasnt bad! The owners are always very attentive and very friendly. it is rarely busy, so i never had to wait to long for my food. the sushi selection is a bit small but it is pretty basic. i usually get the spicy tuna and i try something new everytime. i will always go back to sushi yuki whenever i'm in peoria.
4	I love any restaurant that has high quality, fresh food at a reasonable price and owners that really appreciate your business.  Sushi Yuki does all of the above and then some.  It is a small family run place and I find it comforting to walk in and be greeted by the same smiling faces every time I go.  I never have to wonder, the food and service are always great.
4	Always one of my favorite sushi places. Have been coming here for 6 years and have never had any issues with service or the fish. Getting the fish can take awhile but we pass the time playing with our daughter and drinking bombers.
4	Cute mom and pop place. Sushi is decent stuff but make sure you aren't in a hurry since it seems like the owner may be the only sushi chef.
4	I like their happy hour specials.  They're a small family-owned spot in a strip mall which is kind of refreshing in a world of Kabuki, Ra and Stingrays.I really liked their fish to rice ratio, freshness of the fish, sashimi and sushi offerings, and even some of their more creative offerings weren't bad (I'm just not a huge fan of crazy sushis).  Don't get the teriyaki chicken, its not very good and NOT grilled.I thought their prices were reasonable and they seem very clean.  They're a bit slow, but they do everything themselves (mom and pop that is) so that's a little expected..  Just relax and enjoy the quiet change.  :)
5	Love this cute little spot. I jog over here sometimes and have a little bite and usually by the time I'm involved my daughter drives over and joins me. Just a great mom and pop type place. Family owned. It's the real deal though. Awesome.
5	I've been to Sushi Yuki several times and have NEVER been disappointed. I have a weakness for the Vegas Roll. They are an awesome little mom and pop joint, but their sushi is just awesome...
4	Stopped here as it is across from where our truck tires are being inspected and aligned.  Our first time eating here.  Good food.  Husband tried the tuna sushi and enjoyed it.  Six pieces to the order.  We plan to return in the future.
4	Small little family run place with great food and great service.They always remember us.
4	Great Family owned lil restaurant with very good service. Been going here for 10 years!!! They always remember us!!
2	Went around 5pm and sadly there was no happy hour after 5 for a mom and pop shop like this. I highly recommend extending the time slot. Food was ok, it took awhile for the food to come out when it was just our table to be served and we didn't order anything complicated. We did request fresh wasabi and was given a very small portion but charged up the alley for the amount given. Service is everything when it comes to a restaurant and the lady didn't seem that friendly. I would only go back if they had better happy hour time slot and food selection on that menu.
2	Went there once and the fish was old and felt rubbery with a room temperature feel. Maybe I went on a bad day but it was enough to ruin it for me
