4	I have to preface this review by saying that I'm not a huge frozen yogurt person. I haven't tried Pinkberry and other similar trendy "froyo" places, and I tend to prefer good, old ice cream or really high-quality gelato. I thought this place was decent, but if you're a huge frozen yogurt freak, you may want to take my opinion with a grain of salt. This place is just west of the Phoenix/Laveen border, which, prior to this place opening recently, was an area whose dessert offerings were limited to Cold Stone and what you can get at fast-food places. I was excited that a lower-fat, lower-cal option would be available (even if I'll probably just go to Fresh & Easy most of the time and pig out on their Mocha Fudge ice cream), so I went to check it out last night. It's a clean little place with simple, brightly-colored decor. The owner greeted us warmly and immediately offered us samples from their four flavors (green tea, blueberry, plain, and another that I don't remember). The blueberry was good, but the plain was a perfect mixture of tangy and sweet and had more of an icy, gelato-like consistency than the creamy, soft-serve-like frozen yogurt that I'm used to. I decided to order a small cup of the green tea flavor. It cost $2.19 (with the medium size at $2.99 and the large at $4.79). To get three toppings, I would have only had to pay $1.00 extra, but I wanted to try the yogurt by itself the first time. The green tea flavor was not nearly as good as the other two I tried, but it was still refreshing and enjoyable. I probably wouldn't order them, but I did want to point out that they also have fruit smoothies and protein shakes. I'm excited that this place exists as a healthier alternative to this area's options for satisfying my sweet tooth, but it remains to be seen whether I'll be back often or just every now and then.
3	For the area it is in this place is great but if you don't live here it's not worth the drive into the area. The interior is plain and not welcoming to stay and enjoy the frozen yogurt there. It's very plain like they just moved in and are awaiting their furniture and decor to finish arriving. The flavors are ok and topping ok as well but just not as good as it could be. It's just like any other pinkberry knockoff done poorly. Great name for a froyo place but gone to waste I think to die in Laveen of all places.
1	This Yogurtlicious location is, unfortunately, closed due to non-payment of rent, just like several other food establishments in the  shopping plaza on the corner of 35th Ave.and Southern. That leaves us the awful Chinese buffet and the surly Subway. Oh- and Taco Bell. Awesome.
