3	I believe the adjacent bar to this restaurant is called Brandy's?  If not, can someone let me know so I can give credit to the amazing bartender?3 stars are for amazing drink- food did not look good enough to try.Amazing mixologist at the bar who uses real fruit to muddle with your choice of alcohol.  Describe what mood you're in- bartender will match.Great stop in Old Montreal to kick up your feet and enjoy a drink in the plush red velvet  booths.
5	We accidentally ran into this place after our first afternoon in Montreal.  It is located in the heart of Old Montreal and after walking around Rue St Paul window shopping in the boutiques and galleries, we wanted a place to just chill out and have a few cocktails.  We were pleasantly surprised how great this place was and as it turned out, it was 1/2 a block away from our hotel!!!We sat in the bar area of the restaurant.  My bf had a few pints of a recommended dark beer which he really enjoyed!  I started out with the beer, but switched it up and had a couple of their specialty martinis, the lychee martini, which were delicious!    We ended up staying there for the rest of the evening and shared a few appetizers for dinner (we were not in the mood for steaks).  I think we over-ordered because suddenly our table was full to the brim with appetizers! They were all very good though... the cheese platter was delightful and included three different French cheeses, caramelized walnuts, an apricot preserve, dried cranberries, and pieces of toast.  We also had the bacon wrapped scallops (which was awesome!  I mean, really, how can you go wrong with anything bacon wrapped?!?!), mushrooms stuffed with escargots and cheese (again, how can you go wrong with melted cheese?!), shrimp in garlic and cheese, and for dessert, this amazing concoction of coffee ice cream on a chocolate cookie crust, topped with toasted almond flakes.  Wow - that had to be one of the top desserts I've ever tasted!The great thing about this place was how affordable it was.  We had leftovers that we brought back to our hotel and snacked on during our trip (loved staying in a long-stay hotel which had a fridge and microwave in their rooms).  We ended up going back a couple nights later for late night drinks and snack.  That time, we tried the fried calamari with a sweet-spicy sauce and the sliders - both were awesome!  As my bf said, "these are the fanciest sliders I've ever had!"  I guess being part of a steakhouse helps!Highly recommend this place! Okay, I admit it's not too French or Montreal, but they offer a great atmosphere, with delicious food and beverage, and the service was awesome too.  Plus, you can't beat the location in Old Montreal.
3	We were here with a very big group of people, so service was naturally slow. But the place has a good price/performance, the food is good, and the location in the old town is nice. 3+
4	The Keg, or Le Keg en Francais, provided much needed sustenance (of the alcoholic and foodstuff variety) after a day of walking the narrow rues of Vieux Montreal.On a Saturday night around 10pm the place was jamming. So much so that we had a 20 minute wait and where led to the bar area by the friendly hostess. One table, two kiwi-tinis and I'm feeling the joie de vivre already. A fresh kiwi slice on the glass and green on the inside made the kiwi-tini refreshing and infinitely drinkable.With the buzzing of our waiting orb forcing a change in scenery, we walked to the dining area and were given a comfortable booth for two.Our waitress greeted us with a "Bonsoir!", we responded in kind and my wife was given an impromptu french lesson about ca va and ca va bien.Moving ahead en anglais, our waitress informed us of the limited time crab festival going on at the Keg. Not just any kind of crab but dungeness, one of the most meat laden I've encountered.Alas, the crab festival ended on May 31 , to be replaced with lobster. (Not a bad trade)We were then treated to explanations about the different types of steaks available and given time to study.I didn't require much study and went for the sirloin with dungeness crab. My wife opted for the dungeness crab platter.Meanwhile, on the drink front, we continued to  explore the cocktail list.My sirloin was cooked as I requested, the baked potato was ready for a lather of sour cream and my crab required cracking for some serious contact with melted butter.Alas, the main course was so satisfying that dessert was skipped. The Keg's walls were covered with pictures of various jazz artists-- Duke Ellington, Miles Davis, etc. Lighting was dim but bright enough to see what I was cutting into.And the prices were extremely reasonable for the quality and quantity of food received. We even toyed with the idea of returning there on Sunday night for another round of good eats. (Free museum day fatigue won out and we crashed in the hotel).Steak and seafood, addictive and seemingly healthy cocktails, friendly staff and affordable prices makes Le Keg , l'excellent.
4	Finally, on my last night...some good food in Montreal! Coworker and I came here around 7:30 and had a 20 min wait, which was no problem cause we spent it sitting at the bar and grabbed a beer.The bartender (super hottie by the way!) noted which # buzzer we had and transferred our bar tab to our table/food bill. It was nice not to worry about having to settle up. After we were seated our waiter asked if we'd been before and since we hadn't, took a minute to explain the menu.We got filet and prime rib; both were cooked perfectly how we asked for them. The salad and bread that came beforehand were good; as were the potato & veggies that came with the meat. We didn't leave room for dessert. Bill was about $95+ tip, not bad for a nice meal out! I'd come back if in Montreal again.
4	Went here 2 years ago with my now husband. I remember the food being good but I can't tell you what I ordered. Nice atmosphere...gives it that classy tavern look that fits in nicely with Old Montreal. =)
5	the concierge of the Hilton proposed to go there. Since it was just around the corner we followed his proposal. The first impression was a high price steak house. After a short time we got our table.Second impression: high class, moderate prices, and exellent food quality. Also the waitresses were very observing.We came back the next day already!!!
4	My mother and I just returned from The Keg in Old Montreal. We had a perfect meal there -- I wouldn't have changed a thing. The wait staff was very friendly and helpful, we were seated before we were expected (we were told it would be a 30 minute wait) and we had excellent service.We split a filet mignon encrusted with blue cheese and almonds -- mouth-wateringly tender. The goat cheese appetizer was delicious too. I was too full for dessert, but I love the fact that they offer "bite size" desserts so that you can get just a taste to satisfy your sweet tooth.
3	I've been to countless pubs and they must all order their food from the same food source: always edible, never outstanding (for the most part).  We were walking around Old Montreal and wanted a quick bite (since we had a 10:30pm reservations at Au Pied De Cochon).  The Keg is standard pub fare - we went with buffalo wings in a teriyaki sauce and keg sliders (mystery meat / school cafeteria beef).  The bartenders were friendly, but I felt like we stopped at a gas station to refuel and then we were gone.
4	Great food, lively atmosphere!
5	Love it! Great atmosphere, and most importantly, great food. I ordered a 2 pound lobster, and it was awesome. Someone Also got a sirloin steak and he said it was the best he has ever ate. Great, highly recommend it. :)
3	Good food. Reasonable prices. Wine selection a bit short. Decor great.  Only complaint is my filet was rare when I ordered medium.
2	Diner quality food at higher prices, with relatively poor service. Asked for a list of their good tequilas, and was told they had jose... When i pointed out that i saw patron she said she didn't bother mentioning it because it was too expensive.
4	Great appetizers, steaks are better than average, and the service is great. Very friendly and professional.
5	Wow!!!I had the prime rib and lobster.  Everything was cooked to perfection.  The wine Eric the bartender picked out was delicious.  The entire staff was extremely friendly and fun.  They really took care of me.  One thing I really liked about it was the music. More upbeat and lively I the bar seating area - U2, Stones, etcGreat place. I highly recommend!!!!
4	We had a nice experience for a Monday night during the middle of the offseason in the Old Port.Both of us ordered the prime rib classic dinners. Both the wedge and Caesar salads were tasty; both had a lot of dressing, so if that's not your thing, ask them to hold off a touch. The prime rib was tasty, as were the starches and mushrooms. The veggies surprised me; I expected standard steamed fare, not grilled squashes and peppers. The food wasn't cheap, but we got a lot of it. The value was definitely there. I'd go back.
3	Overrated is the first word that comes to mind.Like many people, I find myself at the Keg about once a year. Always at the request of someone else. And I'm always let down a little, even if I'm expecting it. Nothing is great, and nothing is bad. Just don't go expecting a culinary adventure, because at the price you will most certainly spend, there are at least 100 other restaurants in Montreal that are capable of leaving you with that WOW feeling, not the "it was pretty good" feeling.  The location is quite cool. I kinda like the attached bar. But the decor need a facelift. It's really starting to look like my Dad's Keg. The first Baton Rouge probably ripped off their look once upon a time, and the Keg hasn't changed a table, chair, or carpet since.
4	I have a soft spot for the Keg. I LOVE their barrel G/t's!!! But besides alcohol, I enjoy the food as well. I tried, for the first time, tuna seared tacos with a wasabi sauce. Wonderful!!! Their onion soup was also very tasty! Finally I tried the cheddar and lobster dip.. It wasn't as good as it sounded but it wasn't bad either. I rather enjoy the Keg. I'd go back
5	This place was unbelievable!! Nestled in the cobblestone heart of old montreal.The waiter was friendly and knowledgeable. But the food takes the cake. The pecan goat cheese top sirloin was quite possibly the best thing I have ever eaten. Highly recommended. Only downfall, it is a bit on the high side price wise.
4	Every time I am Canada I go to the Keg, it is always good.
5	The Keg is an old montreal staple.  Great food,service, location.  We eat there every time we come to Montreal and we love it every time.  It is not fine dining, but the food is good and you know what you are getting.  Can't argue with success, the Keg is awesome.  You will love it.
4	We wanted to eat in "Old Montreal" but the Hotel could not come up with a single recommendation in the old city.  We also wanted to eat outside.  We happened to walk by the Keg Steakhouse and Bar and first noticed the appealing patio.  We checked out the menu, decided to eat there and, we were not disappointed!!!  My husband had the Salmon with Mustard Sauce and it was delicious!!  I wasn't very hungry so just had the Spinach Salad with Strawberries, Pecans, Dried Cranberries and Blue Cheese and, a twice baked potatoe - YUM!!  We highly recommend the Keg especially if you want to sit outside!!  I did read the other reviews on yelp and agree about the wine list but, we felt that the food was really good at a price similar or better than other restaurants in Montreal.
5	I went here twice. Once with my sister and thirty minutes after I left with my mom. It is not overrated this really is one of the best places in Old Downtown. I got the crab spinach dip to share and the bruscheta yum and we had billions of bellinins the BEST passionfruit and peach must try. They also had a kiwi tini with real kiwi inside and tasty as ever. I could not get enough although that was not even my drink I ordered the mango sunset was really strong and once i got my way to the bottom got really sweet and mangoeeey puree. A must try when you are in Old Downtown. Next time I will have to try their fillet or porterhouse as well. Nice layout and a high 5 slam dunk for me. Everytime I come I will go there!!! people from new york montreal even young ones go here. it is a melting pot. =)
5	Probably the only best place I have found in Montreal. We were greeted immediately upon entry. While it was a Saturday night they were busy with 45 minute to 60 minute wait we were able to find a spot at the bar.  The bar tender we originally got was very nice and prompt.  The one after that was hitting on the patrons but it didn't matter as she was getting ready to move to Mexico for a bar tending position, which is a good thing. With the cursing and the flirting with the two gentlemen who were flirting back she took my empty glass and did not bother asking if I wanted another and ignored other patrons. After we got a seat, the server was very good and knowledgeable. The NY sirloin peppercorn steak was cooked perfectly. The garlic mashed potatoes were very good. The asparagus was a little withered, however, I didn't mind as wife's asparagus was cooked perfectly. This was the highlight of my trip to Montreal and I definitely recommend this place to other Americans. To others traveling to Montreal good luck with finding good customer service. Old Montreal Keg steak house is a very good place.  Highly recommended.
4	Went to this place while on vacation with the boyfriend and two friends. It was a great dining experience. The service was great, everyone was friendly and welcoming. Our server checked on us frequently, joked around with us, and recommended some great places to go after dinner. The food was great and we especially loved the goat cheese appetizer, so simple and purely delicious. A little pricey but not a disappointment in the least. The local draft beer seemed to be the worst priced item, which is lame so order a mixed drink instead! The atmosphere was also great. We were seated in some comfy chairs/ couches by the window looking out onto the street. Great dining experience with friends!
5	Everything was incredible!
3	This place is a typical American style bar and steak house. We ate at the bar area so I can't speak for the dining room (there was a 45 min wait on a wed night) Food was ok, greasy and satisfying... I don't recommend you order the burger - there is a law against cooking a burger medium rare in qc. (not kidding) so my burger was a bit too salty and overcooked. Overall a regular 3 star joint, nothing particularly stood out to write about.
2	So i went there with my best friend. I never choose to go there, and i will certainly wont ever go again. The food is average. Not the most tasty. The thing that really shocked me was when i got my plate of steak, how REALLY dirty the plate was..... Really greasy. I could see a million of finger prints on it. I Told the Waitress, she looked at me, didnt say sorry and took the plate, she came back with new one. was less greasier, but i was hungry so i didnt say anything. its decent meat, i rather go somewhere else. I went there one time before, we had lobster, everyone of us felt sick after it. so def wont go back.
5	This is my first 5 star review. Follow my story as I explain why. I was in Montreal for a bachelor party weekend, rolling with a group of fellas in their mid-30's. We needed a place to grab a good steak dinner before preparing for our Saturday night of madness. A number of people in the group balked when I initially said I wanted to treat the bachelor to a super-fancy dinner. Last year, I dined at Queue de Cheval. While the food at Queue was superior to The Keg, it was also priced more comparably with the average retail price of a compact car. (If you have plenty of $$ to throw around, definitely check it out.) We roll into The Keg (In an amazing location BTW) at 5:30 for a 7 top table. This is where we met Kaylee, our waitress. Cute, knowledgeable, friendly, and accommodating, what more could a bachelor party ask for? She takes us through the menu and introduces us to the various cuts, providing a thorough description of the items. Now, lets talk food.We started with the fried calamari and Santa Fe Chicken dip. The calamari was excellent; crispy and tender, also served with fried peppers to add some kick to what tends to be an bland, oily appetizer at most places. I'd get it again in a heartbeat. The dip was good, but nothing over the top. Kids would love it, but next time I'd rather get 2 calamari. One of the nice things about The Keg is it is not an ala carte place. You order a steak, it comes with veggies, a potato side of your choosing (GET THE TWICE BAKED POTATO!!). For a group on a budget, that's big. 5 of the 7 guys got the fillet wrapped in bacon and said it was awesome. Temperatures were perfect, meat was tender, and sides were delicious. I got the Nw York strip, which was just as perfect as the rest of the steaks. One guy decided to bet the bone-in ribeye, which he said was good although a little fatty (hey, it's a friggin' ribeye.) All said and done, with a bottle of wine and some beers, it only set us back $75 a person when we split the blll. (In comparison, last years meal at Queue was $140 a head...no joke.) The food may be closer to a 4 star, but when I take into account the service, ambiance, execution, and overall value. this place was spot on.
4	Well, i know for sure the 2 steak houses i would recommend to anyone looking in "old town" Montreal would be The Keg and Gibby's!  While the service was just "ok", the food really made it a 4 star experience.For starters - Lobster Bisque was typical as you will find in most places.   However, the escargot was exceptional - my wife ate escargot at every opportunity and proclaimed these the best of the whole trip!Entree's - I did the 10oz Filet which was perfectly cooked with a nice char and flavor.  Our son ordered the Chicken Teriyaki which was alot of food but the pineapple cilantro added a very fresh take on this dish.  My wife ordered the Peppercorn NY Strip - and again proclaimed it the best steak she ate on this trip!The wine list had a nice variety of price ranges and good quality wines.
4	Melissa was our server for lunch, but ordered from the dinner menu. She was friendly and walked us through the menu and different types of meat cuts. My husband had the bacon wrapped filet mignon with twice baked potato. I had the top sirloin with garlic mashed potato. The steaks were both full of flavor and perfectly cooked. It was a beautiful day today, so we sat outside. Their outdoor seating is comfortable and Melissa made our experience great. Highly recommend for a steak dinner!
3	This is an American steakhouse in the middle of Old Montreal. Service was excellent but the food was inconsistent. The calamari was good but the Caesar salad was plain like no anchovies were mixed into the dressing. The NY strip was cooked well but could have used more seasoning.  The prime rib was overcooked and dry. This is a significant problem if you are running a steakhouse. In addition, the au jus was heavy like syrup - another problem if you are serving prime rib. I would go somewhere else for steak for the high prices we paid. . .just saying.
4	Although this is a chain, The Keg consistently delivers on a good meal in a great atmosphere. The Spinach salad is a great starter. I also ordered the Filet which was fairly decent (although not the best steak I've had). I'd recommend this place as  a great get away on a weekday evening.
4	We went to the Keg this past Thursday night. Though the reviews were good, I was a little sceptical because of its -not so trendy- look. Upon walking in the staff was super friendly. We started off with a drink at the bar then moved to our window table. The server was great. Very informative. We had the French onion soup which was excellent. We also both ordered the bleu cheese encrusted filet. I had mine with garlic mash and the GF had it with double baked potato. The filet was amazing. 10/10!!! The sides were just ok but that didn't really matter because everything else was to die for. Dare I say the best I've ever had. I will def revisit this restaurant the next time I'm in Montreal. You should too!
4	Get the filet cooked Blue Rare, Chicago Style. Which means freaking delicious in Saskatchewan. Not going to explain, just use the Google.Montreal is steak and Keg does it exceptionally well, and not for an egregious amount.Keg can however be a little touristy, but guess what? Im visiting :)
3	This place is good. It is a chain though, and it certainly has that feel, and so there's only so high you can rate it. But we had a good experience.Ordered a bottle of wine, a steak, and a salad. All were really good. Server was also really nice. And the place offered a lovely escape from the cold outside. There was a 45min wait for the dining room, but we went into the bar and sat at a table and it was good.Nice experience, though it is pricey, and it is a chain (albeit a slightly more stylish one than Baton Rouge, for example). A tad on the touristy side too, but that was enjoyable.
2	The seafood selection is okay but the fish tasted a bit overcooked. The dessert selection was the best part. they even put extra whipped cream.I just wish they had a better salad selection, I hate it when restaurants put meat on salads. I did not drink anything but I heard it has a good alcoholic beverage selection. The  waitress was good. We got seated right away. I found it a bit overpriced but my friend did not complain. This restaurant has a good reputation based on my friend's feedback.I dont like meat that is why I am only giving 2 stars.
5	Loved everything ! Came from the USA to montreal for my birthday with few lovely ladies and read about this place and it got my attention! It was a Saturday night place was full but I didn't stand around too long. the service it's great and if its your first time they explain to you everything on the menu! The menu is a little pricy which got me hesitating at first from other reviews but trust me it WORTH IT food was perfect and so was drinks ! The girls were happy and so was it with our steak and calamari .. the sangria drink we ordered was perfect :) but didn't try dessert so idk about that. it's cool they accepted American currency as well. best part of our trip was dining here and looking sharp . atmosphere is nice and I'm from manhattan which has lots of steak houses but I just say this one might have been the best! My friend who doesn't eat meat because she doesn't like it ended up gettin the fillet minon and LOVED it and I thought nothing would convince her to eat steak lol .... If you want a nice fancy lookin great place you come here you get what you pay for
5	Amaaazzzinnnggg!! Filet and twice baked potato is the way to go!! Oh and don't forget the bacon wrapped scallops!!!
5	Had a delicious steak and strong drink with the wife. The salad was tasty (a bit heavy on the dressing) but the calamari was on point. Would definitely go back again as it was worth the cost.
4	Last night in Montreal definitely calls for a nice steak dinner!  My first option was Vieux-Port Steakhouse next door, but a two-hour wait and the hostess's snootiness turned us towards The Keg. It was still an hour wait, but the folks at the front were super nice.The bread we got was fresh out of the oven. Super soft.Appetizers:Escargot- The description said stuffed mushroom caps, but it wasn't.  It was just escargot and mushroom baked in an escargot dish with curry sauce.  It was oily and not what I expected, but still delicious. The sauce was good for dipping bread.Bacon-wrapped scallops- self explanatory. It's always a good, bite sized appetizer. Scallops were fresh.Entree:Keg Combination: 10oz Prime Rib with grilled Tiger Shrimp- The shrimp was nothing spectacular, but the prime rib was one of the best I've eaten.  It was not mostly fat, as some places would have it.  It was very flavorful and tender. The au jus wasn't needed, but still really good!I chose mashed potato as my side, but they also gave me roasted veggies! I was worried that because The Keg is a chain that the food would be mediocre, but it was absolutely delicious! Definitely worth coming back!
5	After a day of travel, The Keg provided a delicious meal and wonderful service provided by Paul.  We arrived just before the rush of people, at about 6pm.  After ordering and informing Paul about my allergy to mushroom (which the menu contained a lot of mushrooms), the kitchen manager came out to reassure me that there were no mushrooms on my salad and the chicken to top my salad, would be cooked in a different part of the kitchen to prevent cross contamination.  Not one complaint.  Great restaurant, amazing food, great service.  Would go back in a heartbeat.  Location was a bonus too, right on St. Paul Street which is a famous, street quaint, and right in the heart of the historic section of Montreal. WIN!!
5	Prepare yourself for a little wait to be seated, but no matter what stick it out!! You will be blown away by the aged steak and garlicky mash potatoes. I also ordered the roasted Brie for an appetizer and it was awesome. This is a must do when in Old Port Montreal.
5	Excellent service by Felix!! Delicious food. Best Wedge salad I've ever had. The filet mignon with blue cheese crust is ORGASMIC!! Loved the crab cakes. Best onion soup. Only complaint is the MUSIC. A place such as this should have a great mix of jazz and blues. Pandora exists people, get with the program. The music that was playing belongs in a mediocre sports bar.
4	Went to the keg last night for dinner. We were able to walk right in around 6pm and get a table. We were greeted quickly. We ordered a bottle of wine, the French onion soup and the wedge salad. The wine didn't come until after we finished our soup and salad. I had to remind our server that we needed our wine. She wasn't very good at attention to detail. This place isn't cheap. We should get a little better service.We ordered the sirloin for dinner with garlic mashed. We also did a $12 add on with a lobster topping. The lobster topping was just ok. I don't know if I would get it again. The garlic mashed potatoes were good but didn't have garlic taste. The steak was cooked perfectly and was amazing. We ordered the warm brownie and ice cream for dessert. Really good! Overall food was really good. Service wasn't the best. She smiled but she sucked.
4	Live nearby, we've come here a few times. The service is always great, the food is good and lots of options. Probably one of the safest bets in old Montreal to please everyone.
4	If you are going to woah me you have to woah the sh*t out of me. However, this restaurant was solid. A lot of options to choose from.  They have a variety of appetizers to choose from and the main entrees ranged from steak, chicken, pork and seafood. Our party chose a mix of entrees - NY Steak, Prime Rib, Salmon, French Onion Soup. The meals did not disappoint.  We topped off our meal with the Billy Miner Pie which was fabulous.  Also, our waiter Pascale was very attentive and personable.  Really cool guy.  His accent made me reminisce of Jean-Claude Van Damme in Bloodsport.  Boom!
5	It's a 3 hour drive from our house, here and we're already planning a day trip just to go to dinner here.  I had the escargot for a starter, prime rib, king crab, and twice baked potato for the main and my wife had the filet minion and everything was amazing.  Patrick was our server and one of the best waiters I've ever met.  Fantastic time!  We'll be back, soon!
5	I've been there four times and I always leave satisfied. You'll most likely spend a hundred bucks for two people but well worth it. Very friendly staff. My only complaint is that there's always a lineup when you walk in.
4	Great Steaks, good selection of wines and beers and lovely ambiance. If you're looking for either a place to have dinner with friends and family, a christmas/birthday party etc, you wont be disappointed.
2	The steak was perfect. Everything else was terrible. I'm going to try to explain why I am only giving this place a 2 star review. 1st - we made reservations for 7:30 for 5 people on a Sunday night. We arrived at 7:29 and were told it would just be a few minutes... 40 minutes later we got seated at a table that was meant for 4. What is the point of a reservation if there is no table reserved for you??2nd - the waitress was opening a bottle of wine and accidentally cut her finger. Instead of excusing herself to deal with the problem, she pulled a bandaid out of her wallet and applied it at the table. I don't think that's very sanitary. It's also gross. 3rd - the food came out 2 hours after we ordered. They forgot 2 sides. They also served our steaks with what I'm 95% sure was microwaved vegetables. If I'm paying $40 dollars for a steak, I'm expecting some fresh vegetables to go along with it. The only respite was that they forgot to charge us for our bar tab from before they sat us. This is the only reason I am not giving them 1 star. They do 1 thing right. The 1 thing that they need to do right. The steak. Everything else: the waiters, the management, the other food... Just horrendous.
4	Nice place to hang out and have a couple of drinks. The staff was very friendly. We ended up having dinner there too and the food was solid.
