5	Straight up honest and professional service. Don't let the appearance of the facility fool you. These guys are good and didn't try to BS me or up sell me. I would trust them to service my daughters car and not worry about her being ripped off.
5	The transmission in my 2003 Accord V6 began to fail last fall. I took it to Quality Transmission. Because Honda's older V6s have chronic transmission problems, I had preselected this shop. Both the owner and the manager teach at Mesa Community College. I figured they knew what they were doing.They examined the car and told me the transmission was slipping when it went into third. There was no pressure and no attempt to up sell me. They said there was no way to tell when it would fail.The rebuild took four days. When I got the car back, it ran better than new. This car had always been slow to downshift, which was irritating. With the rebuild, it shifts properly.I waited a few months to see how the rebuild held up. I'm very happy with the job that Quality Transmission Service did.
5	How in the world does this place only have two reviews!? This pace is on Mark Salem's "best of" list for Phoenix Transmission shops and they treated me like a queen... I mean a king here.First off, I am a bumbling idiot. I made my appointment online. Boom, got confirmation and immediately had to change it to the day after. Done without an issue. Then the day comes and I lose my wallet and had to cancel. I rescheduled and then dropped my car off at night (that is the only time I could have two vehicles) the following day before my 9am appointment. Or so I thought.As I got home I for some reason looked at my appointment confirmation and realized that my appointment was on Monday, not Friday. Damn. Oh well, it is already there and the key is in the drop-box already so I can't do anything about it now! I left a message saying that if they couldn't get it in to just call me and I would get it as soon as I could get back out there. I found a friend to come get me all the way out in Northern Tucson (just kidding, but I am at the southernmost tip of Chandler) and drop me off at the shop. I talked to the guys at the shop and they said they couldn't find anything wrong with the transmission but they would like me to take it for a spin to see if I could point out what the issue was. I got there and took one of the fellas for a spin and nope... nothing. This was my girlfriend's car so I was a little "out" of trying to diagnose what she felt. We talked a bit about how transmissions age and when things are a real problem versus just a nuisance. In a nut-shell, they were just real straight up with me. At the end of the drive around the block they said they couldn't feel anything so they couldn't charge me. Couldn't charge me? Um, you did take my vehicle in and you did spend time trying to figure it out so I owe you something. Nope. They wouldn't accept it. Who the heck runs a business like that in 2014?I'll tell you who does - a damn good one.And it isn't just me... look at the other reviews here! They too didn't feel like they were getting upsold or talked to like little kids. This shop is as legit as they come in my opinion. IMHO, if you have a problem with your transmission then this is the place to go without question.
5	Very nice guys here at Quality Transmission. Friendly and personable. Their manager Steve was down-to-earth and genuine. Kept me informed and offered me water while I waited. Also, received a "Thank you" letter in the mail offering their gratitude and additional assistance if needed. Come to find out they are family-owned for 37 years and have been awarded top ratings by the BBB for Ethics. Will be returning for any future needs. Highly recommended!
5	Have taken several cars to this place.  Always one time and it is fixed.  Recently had a noise issue.  It wasn't my transmission but they fixed it anyway and did not charge me because it was a simple fix.  Great service.
5	Fantastic service. The staff is friendly and Steve is great at explaining everything. Highly recommend them
