3	We went here for my birthday.  I love the atmosphere of this place, especially in the summer and the outdoor seating -- but not too prententious.  The menu is french/quebequoi, and the specials all seemed interesting.  We really enjoyed our appetizers -- beet salad and warm goat cheese salad.  However, it took an hour between our appetizers and main course.  We all ordered the specials, but there was apparently something wrong in the kitchen.  When they arrived, they were all not great -- the striped bass was dry, the beef was tough, etc.  Dessert was okay -- molten chocolate cake was okay, creme brulee was great.  Our waitress apologized for the delay, which was nice.I think I'd go back, but I am not in a rush to do so.
5	Great place, great food and great ambiance. One of the best patios in town for summer. This place is right across from Outremont theater where all the top French troupes from Paris come to perform. Naturally they come to chill at this restaurant after the show. So if you want to socialize with some really bohemian French artists this is your spot.
4	Super nice resto in Outremont!! The owner is there "all" the time, she is very involved, finding us seats, telling us what her "coup de coeur" and she is right, we recommended the soup last time, and it was absolutely amazing!!We had the beet salad, fabulous with the warm goat cheese!! Plus the Jaret d'agneau also the fish was fantastic!! I like the long U shape bar, this is always my favorite place to sit! One BIg plus is that her staff has been to the "ecole hoteliere" so they know how to serve people and now about food, big plus in my book!!Cant wait to go back!! Tres charmant!! :)
5	This corner was a goldmine waiting to happen. While the previous dump (Vasco da Gama?) circled the drain with its overpriced crappy sandwiches and holier-than-thou attitude, whoever owns this place now was plotting to open one bistro in Outremont to end them all.And what an opening- gorgeous decor accented by driftwood-like beams studding the walls, iron, shades of grey mixed with black and white, all very HGTVish, but done with extreme taste. On summer nights the terrace wraps around the corner and the ambience is absolutely top-notch. The patrons are a total motley crew - everything from pipe-smoking faux-Parisian Outremont snobs, to 50-something MILFs having one too many with their real estate coworkers, to Moroccan guys in their mid-30's with white belts and matching 'crocodile' Aldo shoes. A total melange, and yet it works somehow.  And what about the food, you ask? No one cares. Who needs a killer menu with so many other assets? And yet, the food is not bad. I mean, it's not going to win any awards - but go tell that to the million people lining up every weeknight to snatch a seat outside. That being said, the tartare and good old bistro-burger are excellent, and the breakfast is pretty good, too.This place is a real treat. If you're from out of town and want to really experience a Montreal summer evening in full bloom, head to this little gem.
5	I've been to this place a few times, it is high time for me to write a review.The decor has already been described by previous reviews, so I won't expand too much on that. Let's just say, a very cool mix of nice wood tables on a more modern backdrop. Very nicely done. I agree that this may not be the best place for an intimate dinner, but that is not the type of place it is. You have more than enough space at your table, but it is a lively and vibrant restaurant so you need to be up for that. The food is very good, vegetables are fresh. It isn't an artisanal menu, but what they do, they do well.But really, the thing I love about this place is the service. I was there this morning and, despite being very busy, the wait-staff was patient and smiling. Our waitress came by multiple times with the coffee, and was incredibly patient with my indecisiveness (sorry again about that). This only follows on similar previous experiences - I have come with my friend and her two young children before. The waiter brought over colors and coloring paper and was great with the kids despite their... activity. On yet another visit, we sat outside on a slightly chilly night and the waitress brought some of the girls shawls to warm up.Really, the fact that these guys manage to maintain the level of service they do at such a trendy and bustling restaurant is impressive. Many thanks, I'll definitely be back!
4	Restaurant itself is very stylish - mixing black/white/grey with long wooden tables. The crowd runs the gamut from cute hipsters to middle-aged women which seem to blend together as effortlessly as the decor. We had a slight ennui when the host gave our table (dilligently reserved a couple of days earlier) to 2 other women who muscled past us but the owner quickly noticed, aplogized profusely and offered us a free appero to make up for our extra 10 min wait. We ended up being seated in one of the more private booths in back and our cocktails were delicious so we had no real complaint. Side note - its been said that its not really an intimate date place; I agree if you're seated at the long wooden tables up front but the back booths were more than suited to intimate dining. The food itself was good - standard French fair, well cooked and pleasing. The New York Angus wasn't the best I've ever eaten but it was good. The real stand out for me were the mini chorizio pogos (what can I say? I'm a sucker for mini, chorizio and pogo!) with their accompanying mustard dipping sauce. Prices were more than reasonable. Staff was very good - very professional and courteous and just the right amount of attention. I love the little details - wine glasses with child's finger prints and tshirts that read "je suis un enfant terrible" - they have merch!I'm looking forward to trying out their brunch.
1	We were a party of 6 in our early 20s and had a reservation for 8:30 on a Thursday night. We were speaking English to one another but all of us are fluent in French. Upon entering the very crowded and cramped restaurant at 8:25, we were told that our table wasn't ready yet. There were no seats for the 6 of us and we had no choice but to stand in the narrow passageway between tables, making it difficult for the servers to pass and unintentionally uncomfortably hovering over customers who were already seated.By 8:45, our table still wasn't ready, and upon inquiring, the hostess said that the party was taking a long time to eat and she couldn't do anything about it. She added that there was a note in our reservation that we'd be willing to wait, which she was sure to point out by the word "dattendre" under our name on the screen. We were told there could be a five minute wait upon making the reservation, not a half hour wait! Finally, we left the restaurant at 9:00, but it is certainly not easy to find space for 6 people on Bernard without a reservation.About 5 minutes after leaving, we received a call saying our table was now ready and returned to Les Enfants Terribles. As the busboy was setting the table with wine glasses, the waiter said in French "no wine glasses for them, they won't be needing them" as if we didn't understand. Three of us did in fact order cocktails (at $12 a glass, may I add,) but two of the drinks had no alcohol whatsoever in them. When we told the waiter there was no alcohol in them, he didn't even deny it, and instead said "I'll get you a new one."As the waiter was taking our orders, I told him that we had waited over half an hour for our table and said I hope something could be done. When he returned, he said that he was told that we were told that there would be a wait and consequently there was nothing that could be done. There was no apology whatsoever and the blame seemed to be put on us. This is absolutely absurd, given that we were told that there could be a 5 minute wait, not over a 30-minute one. That long a wait is simply unacceptable for any establishment, much less a restaurant with Les Enfants Terribles' jacked-up prices.The food itself was good, and once we were seated, the service was prompt. Nevertheless, one could find the same quality of food for a cheaper price elsewhere in the city, and certainly with better service.Overall, it was a "terrible" experience (pun intended). I sincerely hope that the management of Les Enfants Terribles reads this review and realizes that a paying customer is a paying customer, whether they are young or old or speak English or French, and deserve to be treated with the same amount of respect. All customers also have the ability to tarnish the restaurant's name by writing a negative review online. Guess I just did that!
5	Wow! What a great place this is. I was in town on business and was brought here for diner. Just happened to be during a record breaking week of amazing Spring weather. The place was packed! The patio bustling with happy patrons. We waited 10 minutes to be seated and started our meal with an Outremont Mojito, a twist on the classic using dark run rather than white and maple syrup instead of cane syrup. De-licious!The menu is simple comfort food made well.... Sheapards pie, Mac and cheese, burgers, even mini pogo's for appies. They also have a clue tartares that looked amazing and some rockin salads. I landed on the lamb burger which was absolutely delectable. The fries were hand cut and cooked to perfection and came with home made mayo and ketchup for dipping. Although fully satisfied, I couldn't resist trying the "pudding chomeur" a childhood favorite. HEAVEN!Go check it out. Well worth the wait if you don't have a reservation.
5	Bernard is a beautiful and trendy street that has a lot to offer. When the sun is shining, this is the place you want your feet to stroll to. It's especially good for brunch and lunch, but can also be worthwhile for dinner. It gets busy fast, so you need to make reservations! The food never disappoints and neither do the drinks. The menu offers various options that, in my experience, have all been satisfying!
4	Les Enfants Terribles has one of the best summer terrace spots in Montreal. It's great in winter, too; I've had many a cozy meal here. The cuisine is French bistro comfort style, and I always enjoy the salmon tartare. It can get crowded and noisy, so best to reserve in advance if possible (though I've also managed to drop in and score a table). The wine list is decent, too. Afterward, walk down the street to Bilboquet for some of Montreal's best ice cream or sorbet.
4	I work in Outremont and this is pretty much my favourite lunch place in the hood. The food is consistently great and the service is impeccable...plus they have an absolutely kick ass patio in the summer, most perfect for people watching. The specials of the day are always so varied and they have something for absolutely everyone.Their fish and chips, mac & cheese, fish special and desserts are all to die for and the atmosphere is always fun, not too loud and they are somehow always able to accommodate even a larger table of people: magic! I agree with Ms V in that they are somehow able to blend all sorts of people, from all age groups and walks of life into one fun meld. You won't regret eating at Les Enfants!
5	Amazing french toast! They serve it drizzled with syrup, just the right amount, perfectly cooked homemade brioche.  I'd like to branch out and try other things, as my friends' eggs benedict looked great too, but I'm sure I'd just order the french toast again as soon as I walked through the door!  They have separate English menus for the non-francophones, which is unusual in Montreal (but much appreciated!).  Scrambled eggs were soft-cooked and very creamy.
5	I am surprised by their 3.5 star review. I rarely rate something 5 stars unless it truly is (in my mind).  Since I am basically a tourist I can't tell you much about the area except that it was fairly close to the Outremont metro station and the neighborhood was very cute and quaint.So we started off by sitting outside which was the best thing that could have happened. Such a beautiful night! I got their lemonade, kind of pricey but after tasting it can totally see why. It was the best lemonade I've ever had, I asked for some vodka in it, which they did and you can't taste it, but I sure felt it.We then split a fried calamari and gazpacho. Both were delicious and the calamari was perfectly crisp!For the main course I got the lamburger with fries. Seriously, get this if you like lamb. My friend got the fish and chips which was really good as well. Seriously, everything I put into my mouth here was really good and worth it.
5	best meal we had in Montreal! this was our first visit to the island city (a surprise for my husbands 30th bday). We made this our last meal of the trip and though we bixi'ed in the rain it was so worth it! We ordered the cod fritters, the grilled chicken salad (holy sh*t), the macaroni and cheese, and the market fish and chips of the day. It was pretty silly that it was soooo good. We lounged in the almost empty restaurant (it was about 3pm) and before we knew it we made a mad dash out of there to catch our flight! Literally it was so good and such a pleasant experience that we lost track of time. THE END.  p.s. shout out to the lemonade!!
5	Super resto!
1	AWFUL service. Took an hour just until they could put our order in. We waited so long for our food we were barely hungry when it came. Not worth it.
1	Horrible food , horrible service .Don't even think of going there.OVERRATED.
3	It's a good place but I find it  a bit overrated.  Food is not bad however paying $5.00 for a mini glass of  "Tropicana" orange juice, $4.00 for a hot chocolate and $16 for a PLAIN waffle is just ridiculous.  I know is not McDonalds but a rather stilted menu doesn't  justify  those prices.Perhaps my mistake was going with children (the reason for the plain waffles,orange juice and the hot chocolate that my 9 year old stepdaughter just took one sip).  Although the place welcomes children (on Sunday brunch) I don't think  is really a place or a menu suitable for them, unless of course they are not picky... (can't blame my stepchildren when their mother only feeds them with anything than comes out of a box, including McDonlads lol!).
3	Good food. Good wine. But nothing outstanding.I do go there regularly because it's a great no-fuss kind of place ; meaning that you can have a great time regardless of your taste in food. I would almost qualify it as a good ''hang out'' place. I've been dressed up, and i've been dressed casually. Not ideal for a first or second date - but great for a night out with friends.I recommend the beet salad. They also have great fries.Service is acceptable.
4	So, we went to ride up to a near by resto to pick up a friend after work, (3 doors down), and decided to stay in the area for some food and a few drinks for it was a beautiful Sunday in the summer of montreal.  And that does not last long so one has to take advantage of such situations.  Just one humble man's opinion, and for the record, i randomly met this man, and found out that he was not that humble.  Anyways, it has a proper setup, and an aesthetically pleasing feel.  And having been involved in rest's that is such an important tool for your business.  Inside was on point along with the the terraces, and yes, they have two, one smoking, well, i should not have to name the other..  Best dish that was brought to the table was a lamb burger with goat cheese and of course normal burger garnishing and was "fantastic", NOT SURE IT WAS WORTH $18, but was very good.  The server was really nice and accommodating, for example, upon the delivery of the desert, some ice cream, the runner presented a bowl with one tiny scoop in it which was $3.  When she quickly appeared to check on satisfaction 'i guess', more likely what is about to happen-happens every time this is ordered from the menu, i said, "well, i ordered a $3 bowl of ice cream and they brought me a bowl with a small scoop of butter in it", BUT WITH A SMILE, i do recognize she is not in charge of portions and serving sizes.  But she got a huge laugh, and took it and brought it back with a two more scoops.  So a $1 a scoop, A WIN-WIN, for all parties involved.  Two more scoops for a good laugh.  All in all, had a great time, and will definitely go back.  The only drawback was they kept bringing us menu's literally one after another, with no acceptable cadence to menu delivery.  With all the menus in front of me i thought i was a student at the library writing a research paper when most of them did not apply for the time of the visit.  BUT, i must say, if you are in the area on a wonderful day, definitely, "make it happen"!!!!!!...side note, they have the best looking iced coffee i have ever seen, and i don't even drink coffee!!!!!!
4	Great restaurant with nice servers. The burgers and steak are great. They have minipogos and onion soup that are really awesome too. For desert they have a really sweet pudding that's to die for. Service is usually good until the end. The waiters consistently forget about you after the main course is served. It's sometimes hard to get the bill. But otherwise they're all really nice. Saturday and sunday brunch are amazing. Their waffles are brilliant, albeit small. Recommend the breakfast poutine which is breakfast potatoes, pork shoulder, poached egg, and froyo sauce. They have a bar with some good drinks. During brunch I like their Mimosas. They're a bit expensive though at 10 a glass. In fact most of the food is a bit pricey but in my opinion it's pretty worth it.
5	Really awesome place went for breakfast had the tiramisu waffles and they were to die for!!! Always love these types of restaurants that rethink breakfast and offer more than bacon and eggs
3	BRUNCH: Went there for brunch once and it was eeally OK. We couldn't even get a clean glass of water. Imagine! And the food was good but nothing "woah" about it. In my opinion, this place is a bit overrated and overpriced for the menu they have to offer.I will give it a try for dinner. Let's hope this time it will be less disappointing.
4	Great place for a weekend brunch. I got the Benedictines terre (bacon, roasted tomato, goat cheese and spinach) and they were marvelous. Their hollandaise sauce was pretty good too. My friends got the tar time de boudin and chocolate banana gaufres and both were raving about the food as well.Service was good as well. The only complaint really is my friend came in a little late for brunch and asked the hostess after being seated for a coffee, and she told him that she's just the hostess and to ask the waiters when they come. Kinda disappointing attitude. But the service was great beside this incident.
4	Tres bonne experience! Le steak et le poisson sont tres delicieux. On aime pour la cuisine et pour l'ambiance.
