3	Their regular pizza is par, but it's the Chicken and Buffalo Fries Pizza that I go back for.  The most amazing not-really-definable-as pizza I've had.
3	I've only tried their chicken and buffalo fries pizza, but it was pretty tasty and satisfied both my fries craving and pizza craving.  Calling ahead to get your order started is a good move, so you can just walk in and pick up your pie.  No sitting room.
3	Their marinara sauce has mint in it.  It's weird, but kind of awesome.  Thin-crust pizza, not a lot of cheese.  Good sausage.  The pizza with the fried eggplant on the top (I forgot what they call it) is greasy but delicious.  Every time my ex-boyfriend would call to place an order, they'd call him Dave (his name is not Dave).  They also never seemed to be able to figure out how to ring his doorbell when they delivered.  So, they may not be the sharpest tools in the shed, but the pizza is worth trying.
5	My favorite Pizza in the East End.  I've tried them all and like this the best.They have a "unique" sauce that many people really like.  Delivery is fast and the staff is nice but I usually walk down and pick it up.  Prices, with Coupons cannot be beat.
3	Not your usual pizzas (the specialty ones). I like the Mediterranean one and the fava beans one (my favorite). The eggplant one was always very heavy though.
3	Actually probably more like a 3.5/5The pizza is ridiculously cheap, however you're definitely going to want to get some toppings... I'm normally totally down with plain pizza, but their cheese and sauce are just kinda humdrum, and not quite good by themselves.Besides the pizza, I've only ever tried a calzone, and it was a bit undercooked. It looks like they have a lot of variety on the menu however.
4	This is our go-to pizza shop in SqHill.  Their prices are great, and they always have coupons.  The owner is a really terrific guy, so the good food and good ownership makes me happy to support this local business.  The wings are nice and crispy, the pizza crust is a little chewy, and the toppings are plentiful.  I suggest getting a specialty pizza (Greek and Mediterranean are my faves), or adding feta to a plain cheese. I haven't gotten up the fat-kid courage yet to try their chicken and buffalo fries pizza! Their hoagies and gyros are good too; and they have Italian dinners on the menu, but I've never tried them. Do know that this is primarily a take-out and delivery establishment.
5	Classic hole in the wall pizza joint. No seating available, take out/delivery only.  I highly recommend the specialty pizza, like "pierogie pizza" and "lebanese pizza". A favorite of friends is the Mediterranean- complete with artichokes and feta. I enjoy their avid use of garlic on their pies as well.  In addition, the hoagies and gyro platters are quite delicious.In comparison, Aiello's, Napoli's, and "Mineo's", I like Pizza Amier the best. Plus, the prices are great (especially with coupons!) However, I am partial to more vegetables and unique toppings over the traditional pepperoni, pizza sauce, and cheese.Pizza Amier also accepts on-line orders through Campus Food.
2	We have ordered pizza from here 3 times now (I see your 3 strikes and you're out comment Jen H - funny!) and each time it has gotten WORSE!The last pie (Hawiian) was just last week and it arrived SOGGY all over the bottom! Could not eat it without first trying to crisp it up in oven (failed to work).I called and the owner answered. FIRST he told me the Hawiian Pizza is ALWAYS like that! OKAAAYYY....  I disputed that and he then said all the ingredients were fresh - I should hope so! THEN he said "what do you want, a credit? Next time you call,  remind me". I was not feeling well that night or I would have likely fought harder on this issue, possibly even had the driver return, take back the soggy pie and give me my money back! AVOID this place! Lousy pie, lousier customer service!
2	Another disappointment from Squirrel pizza...
4	Pizza Amier is a really great little pizza joint, it's sort of a hole-in-the-wall but great for takeout and delivery.  Their gourmet pies are interesting and creative.  I'm a big fan of the Labenese pizza.  Battered and deep fried eggplant on a pizza? Sign me up!  The tuna hoagies are really good, and my vegetarian friend said they really enjoyed their veggie hoagie.
5	Me and my brother went to this place only because it was the only Halal/Kosher place we could find near us. When I took a look at the menu, I ordered a Meat lovers pizza and hot wings. The meat lovers Pizza was extremely delicious and the wings, OMG, were outta this world. The cook didn't use some "Over-The-Counter" hot sauce, he used some homemade spicy sauce that made you succumb to tears as your eating them.If there are any folks who are looking for some Halal/Kosher foods in Pittsburgh, then this is your place to go.
5	I lived on the Northside for years, and SWORE that Frank's Pizza had the best Buffalo Chicken Pizza...that is until I just now ordered a Ranchero Chicken Pizza from Pizza Amier...omgI will definitely order from them at least once a week now. I am sooo glad that I tried this. The BEST!
5	Pizza Amier is arguably the best pizza in Sq. Hill and this area is known for several great pizza establishments. I usually stick with the basics (pepperoni, mushroom, etc.) and every time I have ordered it has exceeded expectations. If it weren't for the appearance (as others have stated it is a bit of a "hole in the wall") Pizza Amier may be more well known. Definitely recommend.
5	Great Halal pizza shop. 1. They make own homemade dough and sauce!2. They make own grilled chicken, steak, burgers, meatballs - so it is not frozen junk!3. Management is new and is keeps the area much much cleaner than the previous owner.4. Free delivery, and the prices are very reasonable.5. 100% halal and the food is high quality. Some of the Recommendations: Amiers Special Pie, Ranchero Buffalo CHicken pie, BUffalo chicken hoagie, steak and ranch hoagie, grilled chicken hoagie, burgers, pastas, wings. EVERYTHING IS GREAT! I ORDER HERE ALL THE TIME!
5	Beast pizza place Best priceI had about everything on thir menu BOMBHave ti try the mozzarella fries
3	The pizza was good but I couldn't really tell the difference between this and any other pizza place...Here's what happened- it was late, we all went to fright night had all wanted pizza afterward. My friend suggested that we eat in Squirrel Hill as opposed to Oakland because you get better quality and pay a one or two dollars more. The cheese had a really weird consistency - solid and congealed. The price wasn't bad for it though, 10 bucks for a large 12 cut pizza is pretty damn good. I supposed the crust wasn't bland and dry like most 5 dollar pizzas. In the end, pizza is pizza, it's still edible and if need be I'll go here again.
2	I've ordered delivery from Pizza Amier twice now, mostly because I live somewhat far away and they're one of the few places that deliver to me via GrubHub.The first time, I got fries and a buffalo chicken wrap. The buffalo chicken sauce isn't even buffalo chicken sauce. It's this strange hot sauce that looks like a vinaigrette. Not only that, but the fries were super soggy and gross.Some time passed before I ordered again. I had actually forgotten I'd ordered from Pizza Amier before and it was only when I went through my previous GrubHub orders did I realize my mistake. This time, my boyfriend and I ordered the Italian sausage hoagie, the deluxe steak hoagie, onion rings, and fries. First, the good: the fries and onion rings were nice and crispy (unlike my first order!), but nothing too special to write home about. The Italian sausage hoagie didn't even use real Italian sausage -- it was just a spicy bratwurst. The steak hoagie was also a huge disappointment. There were two sad, rectangular shaped pieces of meat and the peppers and onions were totally raw. Next time, I'll brave the buses and just go to Uncle Sam's when I want a good sandwich.
5	Oh wow! I am munching on this amazingness right now.I'm going to be honest, I didn't expect much when I ordered delivery 45 minutes before restaurant close and the weather isn't too great.  We ordered a large pepperoni pizza, jalapeno poppers, chicken tenders, mushrooms and garlic bread. The food arrived quickly; about half an hour to get from Sq Hill to Greenfield in the rain.  All food was hot and definitely fresh! The pizza is great with thick-cut pepperonis and a side of ranch.  The chicken fingers are outstanding for coming from a pizza joint; most have mushy breading but these are golden and crispy.  The jalapeno poppers were fresh and spicy with a side of marinara included.  My roommate got the mushrooms and said they're "really good," too.  The garlic bread was wrapped in foil and I did wait a little bit to get to it so it got a little less crispy but still really good.Again, service was fast and the delivery man was very friendly! I would definitely recommend Pizza Amier.
2	The wings are really good, and the pizza is OK.  The problem is with the people that work at\run the place.  I like to get wings with 2 sauces mixed together.  The first time I ordered a sauce mixture, it wasn't an issue.  After that, however, they kept telling me that they couldn't do it, and would argue with me about it.  This led me to wonder if they washed their bowls between customers or not.  The other problem I had was when I put in a to-go order that had a couple slices of pizza.  They had a carry-out special (something like 7.99 for a large cheese pizza), and I was ordering 3 slices at $2 each.  Any other small business would tell their customers: "You know, for an extra buck you can take home a whole pie."  I believe that, because of their great location, they don't worry about pissing off their customers.  The food is good, but I don't think it's worth it to deal with the people who answer the phones.
5	When I first moved to Squirrel Hill I went up and down Murray trying to find a place that did pizza right and I was sorely disappointed. I wasn't looked for fancy weird pizza. I was looking for the pizza I enjoy eating when it's cheese or maybe pepperoni. Then I noticed these guys just off Murray, and boy am I glad I did. Their pizza is pizza and done RIGHT! I also regularly get their Cesar salad., which I also like quite a bit.
1	Good: quick deliveryBad: everything else. The price was a bit much for a 10 inch pizza but I figured it'd be top quality. Nope. The pizza tasted like a frozen pizza heated til it was hard and crispy.I love supporting local businesses but this pizza place will not be visited again. I'd rather go to Pizza Hut (gross) than here. Not worth the money.
5	After being disappointed repeatedly by other pizza shops in and around the neighborhood, I decided to give Pizza Amier a try.  Two years later I am still ordering from Pizza Amier and I am never let down!!!  The pizza is great as are the wings, I usually don't stray too far from my usual.  When people ask me about where to get pizza in Squirrel Hill, this is the only place I recommend!!!
1	They are the rudest people I have ever dealt with in my life. They refused to deliver food to me claiming that "I do not put money in his pocket" it was completely unnecessary after I had orderedA large quantity of food. This is no way to run a business and these people should be embarrassed an ashamed. It bad enough I was willing to spend money on regular pizza that had nothing special to offer. DO NOT GIVE THISPLACE BUSINESS!
3	not bad enough to complain, not good enough to compliment
1	Pizza tastes like cardboard. Eating it makes you beg for dominoes or Pizza Hut instead.  Chicken gyro was dried chicken breast with no flavor.  How they are even in business is remarkable.  But I guess enough people do like their food.
4	THIS LOCATION IS CLOSEDAnd it's a real shame. I would order from Pizza Amier at least once a month, despite the occasional rude interaction with whoever answered their phone. A note in their window says they will reopen at a new location in the future, but no date or time frame is listed.
5	This was my go-to place, and right around the corner. So sad it closed. The people who said they got bad service must be jerks, because they employees were always prompt and courteous to me. I'm nostalgic for this place already. Tried a new place this week, and it was terrible. Come back, Amier's!
