5	Standard Mexican fare - but quite delicious.  Pitcher of frozen margaritas was yummy, too.  Fast and friendly service.
1	Very disappointed.  We have eaten here several times a few years ago.  We always enjoyed it back then.  But our most recent visit was very poor. It appears the old management has left and started a different restaurant elsewhere.  Those running it now have truly ruined the place.  Too bad as there aren't a lot of great Mexican restaurants in Apache Junction.  Food was fairly tasteless (the death knell of Mexican food). The salsa was canned and the chips were bagged. Service was very poor and we were the only people in the place.  We will definitely not be returning.
2	Not really impressed with this place. Food isn't anything to write home about or to rave to out of town visitors about. I would say you are better off going to Los Gringos Locos in AJ if you are trying to eat in this area.
1	I remember this place was 5 stars and now I would have put zero star. Used to be homemade Mexican food and now seems like they use canned beans and other food. HEY THE OWNER DO SOMETHING TO MAKE YOUR BUSINESS GET THE BEST AS YOU CAN.
5	We are fairly new to Apache Junction and found this place from friends that have come here for years.  Tres Banderas has the best homemade mexican food, yummy margaritas, friendly staff and is a very fun place to be.  It is too bad people put bad reviews on here to try to detour others away...  shame shame!!
1	This place used to be real good but now very lousy. I ordered soup to go when I got home the soup was cold. I will never ever go back there anymore.
5	Off the beaten path. Excellent food!
5	Great Mexican Food, Friendly service and we will be back...  The place is hard to find but well worth it..  I never would have thought considering all the bad reviews.. obviously it is the competition trying to steer you away..  give them a try, You will not be disappointed...  plus they have yummy margaritas and a huge beer selection
3	The food here is ok.Popped in after the ren fair as I was looking for something Mexican on my way back to Phoenix. My gps pointed out this place so we gave it a shot.I had the carnitas which I liked but I wouldnt really say it was true carnitas. Wife had a tamale and chili rellenos, didn't much care for the rellanos but liked the tamale. One kid ate the burger and ate it quick. Not sure if it was hunger or quality. The other had a ground beef enchilada that didn't taste right at all. Pretty bad. Cheese crisps are small but deep fried for an interesting twist and the salsa is ok and plenty of chips. Almost forgot, the rice is pretty whack. My wife thought it was like rice-a-roni out of a box which I'm not sure of. I did eat all of it for some reason but I know that it was not good for what it was supposed to be. The beans on the other hand were good, maybe even above average. Service was a little spotty but everyone was nice. Nice clean bathroom and cheap beers though I didn't have one. This place is old, kinda hole-in-the-wall/divey but I don't mind. It seems to serve as both an eating establishment / bar. They have American, Mexican and Italian hence the name Tres Banderas.I'd rather eat at a place like this than some chain. I wouldn't drive all the way to AJ again just to go here but would have no problem stopping in again if I was hungry in the area.
3	Better than expected!! The servers were very friendly, the chips were fresh and the salsa and meatball soup were INCREDIBLE! I can't give more than 3 stars yet as the rice, salad and margarita were pretty bad. We will give them another try as I could live on that soup!!!
2	We tried this place based on the reviews and were very disappointed. The staff was very friendly but the food was incredibly bland. Chicken was dry, beans were flavorless, as was the rice. The salsa must have been Pace mild. Maybe I caught them on an off day but won't take my chances.
1	As a proud AJ resident I'm very disappointed that I must do the unthinkable and reduce my previous rating. I've returned two more times to enjoy the soup only to find that it consistently takes and hour to receive a bowl of cold to luke warm soup. The incredibly stale chips don't even begin to fill the void. Tonight we sat outside, for the second time, at tables which have obviously not made it onto the cleaning list, again. As dusk approached it was clear that they don't have lights nor do they plan to use what appear to be misters. It's apparently just a smoking area for the few existing patrons. What a missed opportunity to capitalize on a beautiful outdoor area to enjoy Mexican food in the midst of this beautiful desert! I've called numerous times to ask if they have Happy Hour specials to which they always reply, she hasn't decided yet. We've give up and have agreed not to try again, they clearly have no intention of making things better.
1	Don't waste your time.  It used to be good.  It's not anymore.
4	What a wonderful find our here in the desert. This is a nice casual restaurant serving good food. There is plenty of parking for cars and motorcycles.
