5	How lame am I going to sound if I say that this is the biggest bowling alley I've ever seen in my life? A lot? Too bad. It is. We arrived late, but that was ok because the place is open 24/7. After forking over cash-ola and one personal shoe (no joke--it's collateral for their precious bowling shoes), we headed to lane number 6,043 to begin our game. Unfortunately the game was stalled because finding a ball to fit my delicate frame proved far more difficult that I had expected. It would seem that the majority of their clientele are very strong, skinny fingered children. We eventually found adequate balls, but it was an arduous search.The alley was both kid and adult friendly (thank god) and I'll keep that in mind if I ever lose it and bring my kid to Vegas.
4	This is my official home of the my first and so far only turkey! Ive never really been a bowler. Just until a few days ago I was taught all the technicalities of it. And thus I joined a team for a one-day tournament. I love this alley cus it's good for practice. It's never too packed. Just like any other alley in vegas.. They have dollar games at midnight. This alley stays classic and chill just the way I like it.
4	It's not your most glamourous, gigantic alley, but it does the job. One thing I can agree with is that I don't feel tacky for being here. They have good vampire deals for the kids that bowl late(me). They have the usual, bowling alley package: bar pool table, and dart board, arcade, bowling store, and snack bar, a vending machine for kids that don't mind blowing their money on a bottle of soda.One thing I like about their lanes is it isn't overly oily. They also offer cosmic for the party goers.
3	I hate to be picky, but...... I always smell like smoke when I leave from this specifically bowling alley.  Compared to the near bowling alley in Red Rock Casino, Suncoast is kind of like the older brother who smokes, that's been around the block a few times, had it's run-in with felonious capers, and lived to tell about the war stories.We;ve come here a few times, and you can really call us neighborhood regulars (even though I live across town!).  There was a time when their lights on one side of the entire bowling alley was OUT! The front desk attendant said they were fixing it. It wasn't too bothersome, but that's kind of crazy to happen in a large casino like Suncoast! =/ It was like Cosmic Bowling, but without the black lights and music.  You really couldn't see the arrows!I've practiced here a lot before with some friends for previous tournaments and even participated in the Sunday league a few years back and from what I remember, their lanes have been consistently oily.  However, tonight they weren't 8/10 times they are from my own experience.  They recently added flatscreens as the monitor for the scoring so, the upgrade gave this aging bowling alley a face lift! They still need to do the other side, but in time, right? Hahaha! Not a bad neighborhood choice, but since I have a league discount card, I don't mind coming here.  Red Rock Lanes are definitely my first choice!
4	Suncoooooaasssstttttttt Bowling CenterrrrrrrI'm sure no one here knows but I write business jingles in my spare time. This place definitely deserves one mainly because it is one of my favorite places to bowl intoxicated or otherwise. 24 hour bowling alleys make my pants happy.They have a TON of lanes, and during the week after midnight their games are only $1. There is also a bar right inside the lanes with cheap pitcher specials. No complaints, just jingles!
3	This bowling center is the only place I've been bowling here in LV, so I'm not sure how to rate this compared to other places. One thing for sure is that I have a fun time every time I come here, but bowling is bowling and that's where we get the fun from, so I can't really rate this place for it's looks and stuff because it's all the same in my opinion, nothing here stands out for me to rate this thing higher than I already have.
4	Note to shoe renters here: Their sizing seems to be 1 size bigger. This will be mentioned again in a moment.We got to the bowling center during a slower part of the day lane-wise. However, the two older gentleman behind the counter were s-l-o-w. There was a family in front of us who had a decent number to their brood. Each person had to swap out shoes for the next size down, which of course, slowed down progress.Our turn came to be helped, the gentleman entered all of the details into the register, got the total to us, my wife handed her card over to him, and he left the register wide open while he turned around to help the other gentleman try to figure out some issue with games played for another guest.We waited for a couple minutes before he turned around at the prompting of what appeared to be a newly arrived supervisor-type person.Our monetary transaction wrapped up, we traded our street shoes for bowling shoes, and both my wife and mother-in-law had to swap for a size smaller, which drew a comment of, "everybody has had to change shoes today, don't you know what size you wear?" from him. He may have been joking some, but it was tough to read him. The games went smoothly once the I figured out the technique to get our very non-cooperative touch screen score keeping device to allow me to enter names. The 10 pins seemed to have some glue or gum stuck to the bottom of them, as they didn't want to fall. Not sure if that is the fault of Suncoast or our (lack of) skill.Between games, we walked to the bar to grab a quick drink, the bartender was very friendly and quick to get us our drinks.
2	Took the kids over for a little Sunday Afternoon bowling.  Well half the lanes were empty (reserved for something) and another  NBL group going.  They wanted us to go on a waiting list but could not give any clue about how long the wait was.  Then we learned that out of all the lanes only 8 could be used by us everyday folk our for a fun afternoon...actually my birthday celebration with the kids.  We asked repeatedly if the wait was 15 minutes or two hours and the guy looked at us as if I were speaking some unearthly language he had never heard before.  As we stared at empty lanes...we walked away.
3	If you want inexpensive bowling, this place is as cheap as any.  Plus - it is open 24 hours. Plus - it has many lanes.  Plus -it doesn't seem to get as crowded as Red Rock or SouthPoint.  Plus - the shoes seem to be in good condition.Negative - It is not in great repair, there were excessive complaints about lane quality and non-working parts. Negative - The lane balls are in disrepair (the best I could find in size 10 with man sized finger holes had grooves ground into the ball)  Negative - The staff is less than friendly, mostly because they seemed overwhelmed trying to keep up with the needs of the guests.  Negative - the bar is overpriced.  Negative, it smells like you are in a cigarette box.Mixed - the snack bar fries were good but they don't offer gravy.  Cheese is .95 for a small cup.   The nachos are just chips from a bag and cheese sauce with jalepenos if you want them.  I like that they don't microwave the pretzels but they didn't warm them up enough either.  The waitress seemed overwhelmed trying to get to all the lanes and will only take bar orders so we mostly got our own food and drink.  The scoreboard works and easily offers bumpers for anyone who wants them.  They have lighter balls behind the counter so if you want an 8 or 9, you have to ask at the desk.  They do Cosmic Bowling only Saturdays. They do seem to have a lot of league options and offer special events for league members.  Graveyard (after midnight) bowling is only $1.00 per game.We have fun bowling anywhere and this is not a bad experience.  I prefer the newer lanes elsewhere but would meet friends here again.
2	I bowl at the Suncoast about once a week and it is usually a pretty good place to bowl. This morning however reeked. I was assigned two lanes and on one of them the monitor wasn't working. Throughout my 6 game bowling experience, one of the lanes kept giving me false scores. When I asked for a pin reset they said, "We don't do resets in open bowling." I went to the snack bar to get a hot dog and when I returned they'd shut my lanes down "to save electricity." After continued lane problems, I quit in the middle of my sixth game. They offered no apologies or refund. I'll think twice before going back.
1	This place stinks.  My friend had her daughter's birthday party here.  It sucks when you pay by the hour and 45 minutes of it is the staff trying to fix the bowling machines.  Not cool.  Plus the lady that runs the bowling center is a huge jerk.  Shouldn't treat people like crap when they are giving you money.  They could have totally picked a different location.  Instead they opted for this place cause it was close to home.  Bad choice. Never again.
4	Zip-pa-dee-do-da- Zip-pa-dee-day, my oh my I love bowling this way! :DI am currently on a league at Santa Fe, otherwise I would be enrolled here at the Suncoast, hands down.  Just a few of the features that the Suncoast bowling centers offers which I think beats out its competitors that I have so far been to. 1) They have over 60 lanes and there is actually seating for each lane! I have not seen this at many bowling centers and especially during league nights this is SO incredibly important.  2) The have a legitimate snack bar that is always open during the league hours.  Far too many times have I been places that do not offer this, and when you're coming straight from work or shortly after, let's face it- you gotta eat!!3) The bar area, is waaaaaayyyyy nicer than most!  They have some gambling, they have shuffleboard and darts, and beer prices are super super sweet- makes me thirty just thinking about it! 5$ PBR pitchers, I mean, come on that's a deal! 4) The PRO shop is much bigger than most and offers a wider variety of accessories and balls.  The only teenzy weenzy thing that I would LOVE to see is bathrooms on both ends of the bowling center.  Currently there is only one and the far far end, and with how some of those leagues get, you have to rush to the bathroom and rush back before your turn is up or else... DUN DUN DUN... So, if they ever put in that extra bathroom, I'll go to 5 stars here because this place rocks my tube socks!
3	I have been coming to this bowling alley since 2001 and have always had bad and good times here. I can still remember waiting in line for cosmic bowling on a saturday night with all my 7th grade friends while my mom waited anxiously to get the call to come pick me up in the mini van.This place has gotten a slight face lift since the last time I was here. From the bar in the entrance that has a nice size pool table & awesome shuffle board game to the brand new t.v.'s lining the lanes. Funny that they still have the same 80 year old cashier tho. The lanes are always malfunctioning, not setting the pins correctly, lane lights being turned off, or the lane altogether has broken down for the day and now, half way into your game, you are moved to a different lane. I love bowling, but this place needs a much larger remodel than just the front bar. Great memories here, and hopefully many more with my family. Lets get on some renovating Suncoast! Us "Lost Wagens" need our bowling fix!
4	I highly recommend the Suncoast Bowling Center for a fun evening out.  I went with a group of friends on a Saturday night, just to do something a little different and get out of the house.  They had a lot of lanes available which was perfect as there were quite a few people there when we arrived.  One thing I found very strange was they have you leave one of your shoes at the front when you rent theirs.  OK, I understand people take their shoes but come on...you don't have a better system for this?After a short wait, we ordered some food from the snack bar which was OK, but what do you expect for bowling alley food.  The beer was a perfectly suited for the evening, and for $5/pitcher of Rolling Rock you can't go wrong.  The night was a lot of fun, even though I am a terrible bowler :(  Better luck to you!
3	I was attending a friends birthday party on a Saturday night so im not sure if it was a typical crowd or not.  The service was quick with plenty of help at the register and shoe counter. The lanes were clean and the equipment worked without a single problem on 6 lanes going none stop for 2 hours.The snack bar is typical, if not a little less. The bar was the only smoking and smokey area and could use more ventilation, but the service was quick so I didn't have to stay long. The music was a little loud and the screens/monitors were showing their age. They have cheap rates after 9 on Sunday - Thursday, so if I go back it will be for that reason.
3	If you've been to any of the other Boyd/Coast bowling alleys then you'll see many consistencies. it's not as busy as The Orleans which I'm fine with as I hate waiting for bowling.The staff was as friendly as you'd expect at a bowling alley, when our ball got stuck in our lane it was quickly retrieved and didn't interrupt the flow of the game.  While it's kind of weird, the fact that there are lanes on both sides means that you don't have to walk 1/4 mile for the restrooms or snack bar.The only reason why this place doesn't get a 4 or 5 star is that the amenities don't really stand out.  it's not as nice as Red Rock Lanes and nothing really separates it from any other alley in town.  I could just be spoiled from all the old historic alleys I grew up playing in as a kid back in Michigan though ;)
4	The lively music in this bowling alley brightened my evening after drab tunes at the last bar.   Counter personnel were nice, helpful, friendly.  No breakdowns, ample ball selection, no smoking in the lane area, and fantastic prices mean we will be back often.
2	This Bowling Alley has seen better days.I'm in a weekly Bowling League at the Sun Coast. Seems like there is always something that goes wrong with the equipment. The lanes are constantly having malfunctions.I don't really deal with the people who rent out shoes. The Bar Tenders are pretty friendly. The cocktail waitresses seem to hate their jobs. We always seem to notice a lack of enthusiasm from the 3 girls assigned to that area.If you're in there, expect to have 0 cell phone service. Just to check in, I had to leave the bowling alley. In the bar area, the entertainment games are very out dated. If you're into Golden Tee, don't waste your time. If you're looking to play Coleco Vision Games or Early Atari Games. The Shuffle Board is cool, and it's one of a few places I've seen a pinball machine at. The pool table is in poor condition.Honestly, although the Red Rock Lanes cost more. I'd rather go there. A friend of mine spent $150.00 for a ball, crappy shoes & a crappy bag. At Red Rock, I purchased upgraded Shoes, Ball and a Bag with wheels for the same price. I think it's time for new management to take over the Coast Casino's. They are all old and run down!
5	The Suncoast Bowling Center's kids camp is great.  Two free games for every 'A' on their report cards, $1.00 shoe rental, 3-5:00 PM Mon-Friday.  What a great way to have fun and stay cool on a summer afternoon!
4	Work related event and bringing the family. Two games of bowling and food, good people and family.This place is good to go bowling during the week close to home not crowded. We had food delivered from TGIF's it was pretty good the only down fall was they did not bring enough plates and they forgot the ranch for the salad and the chicken.All was good played 3 games and had a good night.
5	Always friendly and fun atmosphere! Great bowling deals after 10, I bowl here weekly with friends and thoroughly enjoy it here! This is my preferred neighborhood bowling alley!
3	For a sub-amateur bowler, I can't complain about Suncoast. It definitely has that neighborhood bowling center feel as seen by its patrons. The games ($1 per person on some nights) and rentals ($3.25 for shoes) are cheap as is the beer. It's not the nicest bowling alley and there are some kinks in their pin system, but everyone had a great time.
