4	The sign for this place cracks me up.  The jokes go, "Hey, it's Pot World.  Wanna get some pot?" And then my friends would giggle like they actually had been ingesting some of that particular substance.  Ok, when I was younger I giggled too.  Ok, sometimes I still giggle.  Whatever.I felt like we'd been talking about the place long enough that I had to actually go in there.  It was pretty cool.  They do in fact have all kinds of pots.  I'd say at least 85% of them are of the teracotta variety - though size, shape and color are so different that there is still tons of variety.  Prices aren't too bad really for what you're getting.  And folks let us look around a bit more leisurly, which was nice.  Where else can you go and look at nothing but pots?  This place beats the heck out of going to Home Depot when working on your container gardening.  You might find exactly what you want.  You might just bring your camera and take a picture of yourself with the sign.
4	Got Pot?  I sure did, at Pot World, and I got just what I wanted.  Fairly good selection of ordinary and more decorate pottery is available.  You'll also find decorate yard sculptures and statues.  They seem to always have a sale on stuff and I got the drift that things are negotiable, especially with cash.My cacti have beautiful homes now.
1	Wow! I won't be going here. I called to ask a simple question about whether they carry an item and was treated like I was stupid because I don't know the details of their business or what kind of inventory they carry. If this is how they treat their potential customers on the phone I'm afraid I won't be one of them.
1	Make sure you really want what you are buying because you can't get your money back!  Only a store credit.  We recently bought a ceramic frog to hang on our wall in the back for decoration.  when we came home our son advised not to hang as it was too heavy.  i called immediately (about 1 hour after we were  at the store) to ask if we could return it since it had only been a short time since we purchased it.  we were told "No, store policy is no refunds!!" I said you have not even been to the bank to deposit the cash I gave you.  He said No you can have a store credit but no money back.  I did not want a store credit so I kept the item and have it displayed on the ground.  Make sure you want what you buy because you are kissing your money good-bye!Really bad customer service.  Also quite rude when I called.  Buyer beware!!If I could give no stars I would!!
5	This place is gone... Well kind off. The owner retired and the guys from cave creek took over (Retablo). I was so happy to hear the news because this place is much closer to my house. I was told that this store is going to be a mixture of their two stores in cave creek. They are going to carry furniture and decorations as well as all the cool pottery and garden art... I can wait until they reopen.
