4	Best Kahlua Pork I've ever had! Came on some cabbagey kind of yummy stuff with some pickled other vegetables and some white rice. I almost downgraded it to 3 stars because the traditional Hawaiian macaroni salad grossed me out. But then again, I'm not a fan of traditional Hawaiian macaroni salad, so maybe it's just me. I ordered a side of kimchi that tasted homemade and was the perfect mix of what you love in kimchi.I'm looking forward to trying more things at Hawaiian BBQ.p.s. they are currently giving out free soft drinks. No clue how long that will last.p.s.s. delivery in a 3-mile radius!
5	Dis place is solid! Awesome customer service,and da mix barbecue plate is ono, and da chicken Katsu is Ono too! Da malasadas was doodoos because it was way too oily, but other than that this place is good to go!
4	Amazing service. Fast and delicious food. Closest place to me that has spam musubi. The prices are not to bad either. They even have some tofu dishes.
4	I had not tried Hawaiian food before moving to LV so tried this and loved it.  The mixed BBQ plate is like Korean BBQ which I like, the chicken katsu curry YUM, the donuts are to die for. Love the mac salad. The first time I tried spam musubi I thought I had gone to heaven.  I had to stop coming here or I would have a serious weight problem.  Have tried Aloha ans LL and thought they were awful compared to this place
4	Ever since I moved to pittsburgh I have been missing some good Hawaiian food. Came home for a couple of weeks and I stuffed my face with the chicken katsu. I love it!!
5	This is the 2nd time we've eaten here and it is the business! Their food is good portion sized, not too salty, and never overfried like other restaurants.
1	The worst food...I had the BBQ mix plate and the chicken and Teri beef had no taste and the kalbi had a weird smell like it was borderline spoiled
3	I've been on a Hawaiian BBQ binge since I first went to Ohana in the Southwest a few months ago. This place definitely isn't as good as Ohana but it sure comes close. The selection is certainly much bigger but the food just isn't as good. I was happy to finally get some decent chicken katsu after my disastrous experience at AA Hawaiian BBQ.The guy behind the counter wasn't very nice and after I paid I realized he overcharged me for the lunch "special." It is little things like this that separate the ok places from the great ones. I would suggest going here during lunch as their specials are fairly prices and as everyone has already mentioned the portion sizes are more than adequate for lunch AND dinner. Just make sure they charge you correctly!
4	I love Hawaiian BBQ, and this place satisfies my ridiculous cravings for big portions of barbequeued pork and steak at once.   The price is a little painful versus other places you could eat on a lunch, but for $9 I can have both of those and two cups of rice aaaand a little shotglass of macaroni salad.  Which I hope no one actually shotguns.   But anyway, it's quality food here.
4	Finally....Kuge has stepped FOOT...into the Yelp universe to make his first review.Kuge was pleasantly surprised to see this Hawaiian BBQ establishment in great shape and was welcomed instantly by the woman at the counter.    With the $5.95 lunch special Kuge was ecstatic to see they had a wide variety of options available at his disposal.So the Great One decided to take on the Chicken Katsu which came with a full serving of fried rice and a drink.  Kuge and his roommate decided to dine in and before we were finished discussing 101 different ways to lay the smackdown on jabroni's candy-asses, the server had delivered the food.Kuge was extremely satisfied by the speed and friendliness of the staff, the only thing now was to see if his entree held it's own vs. The Great One.With heaping helpings of katsu and fried rice, it was more than enough to please Kuge.  But Kuge has to be honest here, when it came to overall taste he believes that even though it was above average, the katsu with sauce didn't deliver completely.  The Great One's feelings about the fried rice was the same.But no worries Yelp Universe, Kuge was so pleased with the overall quality of food, service, and portions that he won't check Hawaiian BBQ into the Smackdown hotel!As a matter of fact with the option of Boba Tea that they serve, Kuge will definitely be coming to Hawaiian BBQ in the future with an empty stomach and he can't WAIT to take on the BBQ beef.Overall, Kuge is willing to give Hawaiian BBQ 4 People's Eyebrows out of 5.
3	The service was fast, friendly and accurate. EXACTLY how I want it. The food wasn't as tasty as I was hoping. Maybe cause I was craving another Hawaiian restaurant that sadly just closed. I could almost taste their garlic shrimp. We decided to venture off to this spot since it was the closest. The mac salad wasn't the best or worst I've ever had. The fried shrimp was nothing to brag about. And the spicy kim chee was anything but. I'll give this restaurant one more shot. I'm hoping the shrimp sandwich will WOW me :)
4	Bomb ass barbeque
