5	I love rag o'rama's New Tempe location! Their grand opening isn't until the 31st! But they are OPEN now! The store has changed  dramatically, its bright well lit and upbeat I always find the greatest deals here! Got beautiful bold colored striped shirt for $3. And a pair of brand new shoes, marked 50 percent off! $3.50!!! And the buyers and sellers do not have that terribly familiar, I am so much better than you attitude!
2	Went in to check out down street from my hairdresser, sorry just a meh 2 star, kinda small and cheap costumes. I will stick with Buffalo Exchange or Rocket Resale. sorry really wanted to like store, but after looking I wasnt able to find something I had to have. Music played in store was good. Parking on side.
4	This shop is prime for college students looking for cheep costumes or themed party attire! The owner and employees are very sweet and helpful. I found designers bags and clothes for super cheap and in good condition. I would recommend anyone that is in need of a quick costume idea to check out this store. It is a bit small but since it just opened there are a lot of good things to pick from, you just have to look!
5	Walked in and immediately found a pair of knee high soft leather boots for 25.00. WIN.  They have 50% off racks that hide even cheaper little treasures.  I want to move to Phoenix so I can visit this store weekly!
5	I'm so inlove with this new store in Tempe! Not only do I constantly find unique items for myself, I have found many things for family and friends! I especially LOVE their jewelry, I find tons for my shows when in costume and for every day wear!
5	Everyone at Rag-o-Rama was really kind and helpful. Like any used clothing store it is hit or miss. The first time I went in I found a purse right away and the second time I found a shirt right away. Great and fair prices!
5	Found some super cute vintage items at this place! The prices were great too. I almost didn't go because of the three $$$ here on yelp. I found that to be extremely inaccurate tho. I think this place is definitely less expensive than rocket or buffalo. The girls working were really friendly and cute as well. If I lived in town, I'd be back for sure!
4	Nice variety; staff friendly, helpful & not pushy. Clean. Well organized.Not sure where the three dollar signs come from bc everything was very reasonably priced. Bought six items for under $40.
