5	The lash lady does such an amazing job! All of my friends go to her too. I have had some TERRIBLE experiences in the past with lash extensions and swore I would never get them again. I finally decided to give lashes one last shot and I'm so glad I did. I went to the lash lady this time and the quality is so much better. It is a very sanitary place, and you will feel so pretty with your new lashes every time you wake up! I love how they look in photographs as well. Great pricing great place great service!
5	It's hard to give up eyelash extensions when you've had the quality kind applied. I've had so many bad experiences, but these are the most natural! I get compliments all the time.With my busy schedule it is a money and time saver, especially in these hot months!You won't find anyone better or more knowledgable in the area. I highly recommend!
5	I have been a client of The Lash Lady for  almost four years. I grew up with a mother in the cosmetology industry, so going into my first appointment I had high expectations. Cami didn't just meet my expectations; she exceeded them. Her professionalism has always impressed me. Pair that with a very comfortable spa like setting (think super soft blankets, cooling eye pads, etc) and  the best lash extensions available, and I was hooked.  Pretty much everywhere I go, I get compliments on my lashes. They are so perfectly applied, trust me, these lashes are super addictive! For someone like me, who has fair hair and naturally blonde lashes, these lashes are a dream. You can wake up dark, full, and curled lashes. It is a makeup addict's (like me) dream come true! Because I have been a client of Cami's for so many years, I also have had Rachel do my lashes when Cami was on maternity leave. Rachel is equally as talented as Cami, and it is so refreshing to have "normal, nice" people that you can trust to do exactly what they advertise. They are also always willing to go out of their way to assist you with appointment times. There were countless times when they helped me to squeeze in an appointment for a special trip or event. These things may sound small, but in the hustle and bustle that is Las Vegas,  finding professionals that excel in what they do is like finding a unicorn. Over the years, Cami not only has created a full lash addict (eagerly jonesing for her next lash "fix") but also a true friend in me. I am honored to know these woman, and so thankful for their talent.
