2	The Mackerel was fresh.That's it. My only real compliment.Mackerel is actually a tricky one. It can be dry, over marinated, oily, or even somewhat shredded if it's not exactly prepared. But for a less inexpensive choice, it's been one of my favorites used to determine an establishment's ability to serve quality sushi. This was up there with some of the better locations... until... the sushi chef put a mess of what I thought was minced garlic on top of each piece. Unfortunately for both of us, it was not garlic. It was ginger.Why on earth would you obliterate the wonderfully marinated flavor of Mackerel with what I equate to Mother Nature's Lemon Pledge? (I HATE ginger). Fortunately, my server switched out my frozen beer with a less frigid relative and I was able to wash out the remnants of the furniture polish condiment before too much damage had been done. Moving on to the Tabiko. Again, this was fresh, but it was prepared with the finesse of a Taco Bell cashier... smashed and poorly wrapped and then thrown onto a plate. Most locations will ask if you'd like the quail egg atop the tabiko... but here, each egg will run you an extra charge. The only bright spot was that the chef offered me a ramekin of Ponzu sauce that was a nice touch over the standard soy sauce, low sodium or otherwise. Finally, the Olive You roll. This was a "unique" choice as it contained ingredients I had not yet seen on a sushi menu, including an olive tapenade, sun dried tomatoes, cream cheese, and toasted garlic. It was the toasted garlic that sold me as I actually HAD that on a fantastic Albacore Tuna item at Sushi Creek in Queen Creek. Unfortunately, the chef here either forgot the garlic, or did not put enough of it in to be distinguished from the briny olives. I only ate 3 of the 8 pieces. I know, I know. "First review I've seen from this guy and he blasts a local place to pieces." Well... I can only say, try it for yourself. I hope I'm the exception to the rest of the crowd as I would love to see East Mesa develop into a culinary destination. Unfortunately, the hype, the loud music, the lack of ambience, and the poor customer service completely undermine what was only mediocre sushi to begin with. If the owners or management read this, I would only suggest that this be seen as positive criticism. The staff needs direction and training... the food quality (freshness) is there, it just needs refining and possibly a little trimming... more is not better.Ask your customers to fill out those little surveys... find out what you can improve on to fill the place on a Friday night while still serving a quality product and giving your customers an experience rather than just some rice and fish.* Clean up your menu, too many items and its not presented to the customer in a neat manner. Mine literally fell apart and had food remnants from previous guests.* Train the sushi chefs and servers the finer points of customer service. Your establishment exudes luxury, but the servers think they are working at Oregano's. Far too casual and not very knowledgeable about the products or even their surroundings.* The high ceilings draw the customer's eye upwards... unfortunately, there is nothing up there but the air vents. Paint them black so they are no longer the draw... hang some tapestries or photos on fabric. This will provide some desperately needed art while also assisting in reducing the din of the ambient chatter echoed off the concrete floors. * Your clientele is NOT the Scottsdale crowd. These are older adults with some money, taste, and expectations. Play on that. Adjust the music to a tolerable level while still playing modern artists. Unusual tracks, acoustic versions of popular hits and live music will also bring in a niche unsatisfied in the East Valley. The younger crowd likes this for dates too... and keeps them from doing sake bombers. * Hang some artwork on those big, tall, green walls. This place is screaming for some big black and whites of the beautiful Superstitions. What better way to acknowledge the area?! OH, and lose the piece of @%*(& hanging in the Men's room. That wouldn't have even worked in the 80's. BLECH!I wish the proprietors luck... but in the mean time, I'll be at Sakana or Sushi Creek. They may not have the glitz and glam, but the food is fantastic, the service is stellar and appropriate to their approach and decor, and I can be sure of quality over quantity every time.Hippiaz (aka John, 38, Mesa. AZ)
1	1 Star only because I couldn't give zero.This place will do well only for lack of sushi options in East Mesa.  Service was horrendous.  An hour and a half lunch with an empty restaurant.  A  lunch special Bento Box should not end up being an hour and a half, especially with the items received.Bad steamed rice that might have been leftovers from the night before.  A sushi roll that is hard to mess up yet and takes 1 minute to make.  Poor quality and taste.  Tempura veggies.  A "zalad."  Miso Soup.  All very hard things to mess up yet Zushi achieved just that.Waiter was slow, uninterested, possibly hungover.  If they are this slow at lunch I would hate to see dinner.  15 minutes to get a menu?  Yikes.  Unless you really feel like mediocre sushi, I would chose one of the other  dining options across the street.
1	I'm with the other Yelpers on this one. We live in Far East Mesa/Las Sendas area (renting a condo--wouldn't it be great to buy right now?), and have gone to Got Sushi twice and enjoyed it. Since we hadn't been to Zushi, we thought we should at least give it a shot. Let's just say we were there for about 20 minutes with a $22.00 tab. It was painful. The people that work there are nice, but they're trapped in a land where every word that has an "s" in it has been replaced with a "z." As in, Restroomz, Ladiez, Gentlemenz, Saladz, Soupz, Appetizerz. Should I go on? : ) The menu is outrageously long for a restaurant of its size. The food? Their spicy tuna roll--this is our test--wasn't too bad. But the maguro was very average. I would imagine the sushi at AJs might even be superior. The mackerel was passable, but that's not a good sushi bar test. As for the atmosphere, the restaurant felt more like a bar w/ side restaurant, with techno-lite muzak throbbing in the background, just loud enough to be irritating. But looking at the crowd, I don't think we're their target audience. Dads with young daughters and 2nd marriage trophy wives, young teens, all of which--I'm guessing here--don't know that much about sushi or Japanese food...now they, they looked like they were having a good time. If you know even a little bit about sushi and traditional Japanese food save yourself the time and money and head right to Got Sushi. When we got to Got Sushi, it was a relief. Oh, and we got served sake in really fun sake glasses that reveal less than clothed bodies at the bottom. Boisterous and good--I owe Got Sushi a great review now.
1	First of all, let me say - THIS PLACE IS GROSS!  I was SHOCKED when I went here to meet my friends Matt and Rob.  I sat down at the sushi bar and was not assisted for 8 minutes!!  So, finally I went to the regular bar and received a SCOWL from the sushi waitress for leaving my post.  I was so angry that the first thing I said was "I NEED A DRINK" to the bartender.  He was not amused.  Of course, he forgot my drink and then I was suddenly presented with some cold edemame.  It was ok.  I then ordered some spicy tuna handrolls.  They were served to me and once I saw what was set down in front me, I said "is this an appetizer??"  The server said "No, that's the MEAL"  It took me three seconds to eat both rolls.  I know I am being harsh but the far east vally needs to take some lessons from Mr. Sushi over on Northern.  They are trying too heard to be Ra and "trendy".  The far east valley needs something.  This could have been it.  However, THEY BLEW IT WITH ME.  Sure, I will give them a 2nd chance, but I will be on my guard!!  :)
4	As a former sushi chef & business owner, I would say that Zushi Bistro is well on it's way to earning the respect and favor of the people of Mesa.  Being only 9 months old Zushi Bistro has already acquired a fantastic staff filled with individuals of great talent & potential.  Like any new endeavor there are a few things that can naturally use improvement.  And I believe the people at Zushi Bistro can make that happen.  The sushi is good.  The atmosphere is special.  And the staff cares.Zushi Bistro in it's infancy has already achieved some wonderful and unique things.  Such as;  a spacious & relaxed patio area, a bar that inspires charm & beauty, and a sushi bar fit for the most avid sushi fan.If you expect absolute perfection out of a brand new establishment, this may not be the place for you.  Zushi Bistro in all it's potential is young and pulsating with possibilities.  This is truly a place for the creative and open thinker.  Where there's still room for the Good People of Mesa to make Zushi Bistro THEIR place to hang out and have a good time.I know when I go to Zushi Bistro I can leave all pretension at the door and still enjoy an evening of quality dining. - Matt DeLeonSinger/Entrepreneur480-621-7737
3	I have to say I am kinda shocked with the reviews of Zushi. I have been here 3 or 4 times so far and have enjoyed the food and price. Well since I go during happy hour. I am sure it helps that I knew the bartender and one of the guys who prepare the sushi. The manager or owner, not sure, has always been real nice and checking in. The last server I got was new and took a while to get around to us. It is actually quite upsetting how many waiters and waitresses have to clue, not sure if they aren't properly trained or they have never had a great waitress wait on them. Anyway I am kinda suprised by the earlier comments, I thought it could use some improvements, but wasn't the worst I have ever seen. I will continue to go back.
4	I like the food here.  It is as Rebecca said, not traditional and there is stuff on the menu for kids as well.  The layout is kinda fun and there is live music on the patio.  If they happen to have the peanut butter pie for dessert, GET IT.  It was heavenly!With regard to S.A.'s review, the band that played there 4/25 was The Big Zephyr, of which I happen to be a member.  We are playing there again this coming Saturday night 6/13/09 from 7-10.
1	Under new ownership? Great I thought....Well the same loud crappy music was blasting and the big screen TVs were playing. I actually like the inside of this place, but the loud music and big TVs don't fit. The food isn't bad, not cheap, but not bad. I just can't get over the fact that the music is to loud and not very good and the service is poor. Have you ever considered jazz and a pop alternative? The average age of the clientele looked to be over 30, no twenty somethings in sight. If the bartender tells me one more time (3 in the twenty minutes I waited) that my to go order will be right up I may have to smack her. Just kidding non violent, but jeez give me a break, I'm tired its late and I just want to go home and have dinner!
4	I agree with Randi, I like this place, I've gone for the happy hour probably 7 or 8 times. I think the food is better under the new ownership and like  most restaurants some items are better than others . I've never even noticed the music in the bar except when they have had live music. The decor works fine and it is actually one of the nicer places to eat in NE Mesa. The Vegas role is very good.
3	Zushi is a pretty average Sushi joint. The first time I tried this place it was below average, as I'm pretty sure the ownership had just changed and service wasn't that great and the food wasn't all the impressive for the price. We did go back and had a way better experience and it was during happy hour so the prices were more reasonable. I have a few sushi place that I will always go to over Zushi but I wouldn't be opposed to coming back.
2	Not bad for sushi but not great either as this place can be really hit or miss. Some days the rolls are wrapped perfect and other days they are  looser than MC Hammer pants. The fact that the location is convenient to my girlfriends house makes this an easy stop somedays to fill a sushi craving but not destination sushi. Went the other day and the albacore and salmon sashimi was cut odd so that it was stringy but the Zushi Kee roll was very good and flavorful as was the other roll i had. Other times I have been things have been just fine. Once again they have changed ownership so hopefully things will stabilize. I will probably keep coming back when I have a craving and I am near by but if i want great sushi this is not where I am headed.
2	I have to agree...  Very disappointing...  Sushi was not good...  The atmosphere is decent.  That's the only positive...
2	Zushi has had quite a few ups and downs. Unfortunately they are very hit and miss. One thing I have noticed since new ownership has taken over is that they have a few new rolls. But the rolls aren't rolled tight and the fish isn't quite cut properly.I do love the atmosphere, especially sitting outside on the comfortable seats near the fire. But its just not all that great!
1	NOW I know why this place was getting bad reviews. Actually I am still not sure because I got great service the first 4 or 5 times I went there and now saw a new owner sign up about a month ago and decided to go there again after being told a 45 minute wait across the street and Zushi was dead and I know why after this experience. They had one waitress on the floor and it took a long time to get her to come over. Ordered and told her no on the soup and she said it was free and still brought it, VERY DISGUSTING!!! Then a large table came in about the time the guy finished making our sushi and she went over and took the other tables order about 15 minutes and they guy didn't bring our food over, the waitress did after 20 minutes after it was rolled. It wasn't even rolled very tight, kept falling apart. I will NEVER GO BACK AGAIN, Unfortunately. I liked the atmosphere, but seems like the quality of food and service has went down hill.
4	This place is fresh fun and vibrant.  The food portions are very big and the staff is very nice. this place is owned buy sushi Kee on power and main so the menu is similar. its about the same price to so if you love sushi kee  your going to like this place to.
1	Horrible Service. Beyond Horrible food! I went here for lunch with my Dad today since he was vising from out of town. I was going to take him to Got Sushi (which is great P.S.) across the street, but I had never tried Zushi and it looks so pretty from the outside so I decided to give it a whirl. Huge mistake on my part! We stood in the lobby for at least 10 minutes before even being acknowledged, and it wasn't like they were busy (in fact they were quite slow for lunch hour...which I should have taken as a hint). Anyway, when we finally got our seats, we didn't even get to place our drink orders until 20 minutes later! When the food finally did come another half hour later, (we ordered the Rainbow Roll, Spicy Tuna Roll, Eel Roll, and Albacore Nigiri) it was sloppy, not fresh, avocado was brown, the whole meal was just generally unpleasant. I don't recommend....will never go back. I am very sorry that I missed out on a great sushi lunch that I could have had at Got Sushi across the street. That was $24 and 1.5 hours of my life that I will NEVER get back. Sad.
4	I don't understand why there are so many negative reviews on this site.  I love Zushi!  In fact, it's our local go-to sushi spot.  True, ownership has changed hands, and I think they may have had a bit of a rocky transition period, but the food has been consistently good every time I've gone there.  The last time I went was a few nights ago for a pre-birthday dinner with my boyfriend.  We were not disappointed.The decor is very cute, and they have a nice patio area with live music on weekends.  The wait staff are very friendly and attentive, if a bit inexperienced.I love the creative sushi rolls here... my favorite is the Murphy.  Cream cheese, tempura shrimp, and melted cheese on top = pure heaven!  My boyfriend likes the Nacho Mama, which is a little spicy for me, but still very good.  Their appetizers are also excellent.  I love their coconut shrimp, which comes with a delicious dipping sauce.  Their sake-tinis are awesome (strong but yummy!), and I usually order a Purple Haze.  If you're looking for a local sushi spot in East Mesa, I recommend giving Zushi a try.
4	We went to Zushi this evening (Saturday 5pm) and I was a little worried about the reviews on the service.  We were met at the door and immediately taken to our table (given a choice where we wanted to sit).  Our waitress immediately came by and got our drink order and returned promptly with it.  The rest of dinner was the same, excellent service.  We had our young son there who doesn't eat sushi or anything foreign looking.  There is a children's menu of burgers and chicken.  We ended up getting him the shrimp tempura off the appetizer menu and told him it was chicken.  Our waitress said she would take the tails off since that would be a dead giveaway.  He was given a little plastic doohickey that made it easier for him to use his chopsticks.  My husband and I had a couple of rolls,edamame, nigiri and sashimi.  We were served complementary miso soup which was delicious.  I normally think it tastes like water but this was delicious.  All of our food was very good (we regularly go out for sushi and our regular place knows my husband by name).  All around the food, service and decor was excellent.  We will definitely go again.
4	This place is great for sushi, lots of room not to cramped  and yes they have a live band , it's a good place to go for good food the right price and fun time out with friends.  The people who are  giving it 1 star are just plain stuck up. This place  is great.
5	I don't understand all the negative reviews.  I brought my in-laws there who are Japanese and grew up in Japan and they loved it!  The sushi chef has a very authentic style (not often found in Mesa) and uses ingredients that are truly high quality.  Most of this info was explained to me by my father in-law after a lengthy discussion (in Japanese) with the chef.  My guess is those who are crying about the rolls not being tight enough don't know a thing about real sushi and are just going there because going out to Sushi is "in style".
2	The majority of my visits here have been mediocre at best.  Sometimes the rolls aren't great, more than once they have been completely out of premium sake, other times the wait staff is slow, and once we waited 60 minutes for 2 rolls with zero apologies (and they were far from busy).I suppose they are the best in a 4 mile radius - but if I'm in the mood for quality, I'll choose some place else.  On the plus side, they do have happy hour specials and if the weather is nice, they have a great patio area for drinking and dining.
3	this place was okay. Nothing great but not bad either. The prices were pretty good and I felt like we got what we paid for. The sample sashimi platter was awesome. The fish was fresh and it was fun sampling the different types. The down side was the waitress sucked and seemed pretty annoyed when I ordered a second martini. Hey, it was my date night with my man!!! She didn't know much about the menu and told us many times she was new. I wanted to tell her to take the damn menu home and study it or something. The martini I first ordered was their specialty. It was called the purple haze. It pretty much tasted like grape kool aid and sake. Gross. The second one wasn't much better but being it was my second, I didn't seem to notice :) Anyways, decent sushi but I am not in a huge hurry to go back. BUT the atmosphere was fun and pretty modern. I could see how it would be a blast to go there for a drink and appetizers while watching a game or something.
5	Never thought Mesa would have good sushi. It was a pleasant surprise to discover Zushi in my new neighborhood. Employees are nice, food is great, price is reasonable, and it has great ambiance. What more can you ask for?
4	What seems funny is that people like Sushi kee which is the same owner and they keep switching venues. I am a big fan of Sushi (sake with Avocado). The service may be a bit slow but if I have'nt had any problem as I sit by the sushi bar. Beats the Got Sushi anyday but then so does every other sushi joing in the valley.
2	I like the layout of the restaurant and the patio is very nice, but the sushi leaves a lot to be desired. Some food items are decent and then there are many that just lack any flavor. The wait staff has been very slow every time I've been there. If you sit on the patio, expect to have your patience tested, or just go inside yourself to place an order.
5	Most of the bad ratings on here were before the management change. I never went before the change, and I've never gone at night. And it sounds like most people go at dinner. Go at lunch. They have happy hour pricing all day during the summer, and it's never busy. I am a regular during the lunch time hours. Service isn't that fast, but that's shouldn't be the mentality when it comes to Japanese restaurants. But i never wait too long. The waitress for the lunch hour is awesome, and she knows us by name. This definitely isn't traditional sushi, but is still good. Everything I've had there, I've loved. They have good quality fish, and I've never had a problem with any of their rolls. And when it comes to rolls, I would recommend their Las Vegas (best vegas I've ever had,  and not to be confused with the Viva Vegas), the Red Mountain (It may be expensive, but it's seriously huge, where you would not need to order anything else), the Murphy, and the Spider. They have a very sweet eel sauce, much different than other ones I've had. Also try the vegetable tempura if you have a chance. this is the only place I've had tempura asparagus, and it is amazing! For those of you who went at night, please try going at lunch, and with a little more patience! If you are looking to get in and out the door sushi, go to Fry's and buy yourself a fresh made roll there. If you look on Urban Spoon, they have a 90% on there, so obviously they can't be that bad. :) (Though I suppose I do have to keep in mind most people don't write reviews unless they have experienced a problem, so obviously most of the satisfied people won't write anything.)
5	I love this place, I'm not a real big fan of Sushi but I asked for grilled Salmon Chicks and they made them for me even though they are not on the menu,That's service! Full bar, good service, and well.... My family loves this place :)
5	Local  hang out spot  great  food   If  it's  to your  liking   Talk to the  owner Shawn  and he  make it  right  it's  that  easy     On Jan  21st  a great  local band  Rick  and  Willie   Will be  playing     Stop  by  give it  a  shot   U  will love  it
5	If I lived closer, I would certainly become a regular.  Sat at the bar, Jenny is AWESOME!  All the sushi we tried were delicious!
2	train wreck. fifth time here, only once was good. after giving my hungry kid's orange chicken to the wrong table, we finally get our rolls. decent enough, we've had them before. waiter comes back to ask if we are still hungry, and is there is anything else he can order for us. YEA... how about the sashimi platter we ordered!!!?he apologizes and 17 minutes later we finally get the 16 pc sashimi plate.. the yellowtail and bigeye tuna was disgusting.. 5 days old i would assume. 2 visits out of 5 were ok. for me, i wont spend my dollar on a 2 star restaraunt. we're done here. next.Go to Got SUSHI if you are at this intersection.
1	I would have given it 2 stars as the atmosphere is cool with a decent patio, but there are just too big of problems to overlook!  Went for dinner with friends saturday night and came back to try again today for lunch.  Can say I have not had worse service.  At night most of the drinks at the table had to be remade as they were horrible and when I switched to draft beer (the tap was MAYBE 10 ft from me) it took 10 minutes to be served.  This place was not that busy (big shocker).  Food came out in stages so no one at at the same time, and glasses of water seemed to have to be pulled from a well far away as they took forever.  Checkout took 10 minutes.  Food was decent and decently priced so I figured worth a second trip.Such at lunch.  2 of us sat and ordered.  only 2 other tables in the place.  I ordered 2 rolls and my friend ordered the lunch teriyake plate.  $1.75 extra for soy paper!  Really?  This is Mesa...I pay less in Scottsdale!!!  Ginger salad was horrible, straight iceberg and dressing...mek.  my rolls came out and after askign many times the teriyake came out about 8-10 mintues after.  Are you kidding me??  the tempura on the platter was doughy on the inside, not cooked, but the food was decent otherwise.Just a shame they have no idea how to handle service.  I even told the lady (think owner) who was serving us that this was my second time and the service has been horrible, but they did nothing, didn't even say sorry.No idea how this place stays open, other than location.  I won't be back unless forces to have a drink with friends there.
3	It is so hard to find a good place to eat near Las Sendas.  I love Sushi, but today it was just ok.  I got the spider roll and I think it was fried in old oil.  My son got the sweet and sour chicken and I would never get that again.Service was excellent.
1	Yup poor service converted the rating to a 1 star. No Lauren wasn't good, waited 20 minutes at the bar and made eye contact twice wasn't asked for what I would like to drink at all. Eventually my kind neighbor got up and called out her name and then she asked me what I wanted. No apology, nothing.Walked out without ordering anything. Thanks for spoiling my weekend Jenny and ensuring that I never come back.
5	I have been here twice and loved the food! The service was very slow( but servers were nice). Favorite was the Arizona roll. I sat on patio both times and brought my 2 toddlers! Definitely sit outside with little ones! They loved it. Theres some big cushioned chairs out there too. The also had a kids menu(hard to find at a sushi place)that included cheeseburgers and chicken fingers and was pretty tasty!
3	This place is always busy. Its clean and modern. Sushi is okay. It's close to home.
5	I love going to Zushi! I go about once a week and am always greeted promptly (usually I have a drink in my hand before I even sit down). In my experience the food is always fresh. Some of my favorites are the salt and pepper wings ( you can't find this style very many places), generous portions of Nigiri, Rainbow Rolls, and my new favorite is from the new Chinese menu... Chicken and Shrimp Fried Rice!
1	I have always been a BIG fan of Sushi Kee. When I found out they bought out Zushi, I was thrilled!! As I live about 2 minutes away from Zushi. Boy, was I, and continue to be disappointed. Here are just a few examples of why I'm not too fond of Zushi.First, my friend and I went there a few weekends ago and we are both pregnant. I usually get the Apache Roll, under different circumstances. The Apache roll is basically a California roll with spicy mayo on top, white fish on top and baked. So, I asked if they could make me a California roll, but put the spicy mayo on top and bake it for me. Keep in mind, Sushi Kee does this for me EVERY TIME I GO. The waiter told me they couldn't do that but they could substitute the fish. So, I ok'd and just asked to put shrimp on top instead. Well, 20 minutes later, he comes out with two California rolls, the way I requested, but with NO fish on top what so ever. Mind you, I asked for ONE regular California roll and ONE Apache style. It bothered me that he didn't even come out and tell me that they weren't going to substitute the fish AND the fact that he didn't check my order. So, I got charged FULL price for 2 Apache rolls. When, in fact, they were not Apache rolls. When confronted about it he said, "well, we would have to charge you 3$ anyway for the spicy mayo and to bake it so i figured I would just charge you the full price for the Apache." How does this make sense? A California roll is 4$ maybe 5$? and an Apache is almost 10$. ANYWAY, he did not care what so ever. Oh and when we were bone dry on our drinks, we look over, and he's sitting at the end of the bar just watching some TV. It took him a good 7 minutes to come back to the table to check on us. Needless to say, I have never tipped that horrible, EVER.A different friend of mine and I decided to go again. We both live so close so it's convenient. The waitress was wearing this TINY little skirt. Literally, you could see things when she walked away from the table. About the service she gave, it was way better than anyone else working there! Touche to her! However, the food ... eh okay. Now when I go to Zushi I don't EVER ask for any type of specialty rolls because they have made it clear, they don't understand. My friend ordered the teriyaki chicken for her son and the teriyaki sauce was absolutely HORRIBLE. The chicken was decent but looked a little weird. The only thing that really saved this sushi date, was the server, she was one of the best we've had since I started going there!All in all, I think their food is pretty good. IF you go to Zushi and find a good server, stick with that one. The service there is just absolutely horrid. If they fired there entire staff and restocked up on some people who actually enjoy their jobs, somewhat, I would go there more often. BUT I think I'll stay with SUSHI KEE!!!
5	Still love it!
4	So i gave the place 4 stars because i see that the effort is there, even if a little misguided. I am from LA and was in town visiting some friends when we decided to stop in at zushi. We walked in and were immediately greeted and sat by abby who also turned out to be our server. Abby was friendly and for the most part knew all the sushi rolls descriptions and made a bunch of great recommendations.  The food was tasty and were it not for the fact that i live so far i would go back again.However, i serve in a michellen star restaurant out in LA so i do need to point out a few things that  i noticed were a little off. As a server there are certain table cues and signs that you should look for. If your table is in the middle of a discussion its better to walk by and be present if there are any needs, but interrupting the conversation  every-time approaching the table just makes it awkward and unnatural. Then there is the up selling........ Abby is amazing, as a manager i would be really impressed with her ability to make the up-sell, but from the perspective of a customer is was too overwhelming. Toning it down, and using a little more finesse and using subtle suggestions would be less invasive. After a while all the up selling makes me feel like i am at a used car dealership. There is a good saying, " i don't mind being ripped off as long as i feel good about it after." - do the up sell but make me enjoy the experience rather than feeling fleeced.
4	I understand why there are some poor reviews of this place.  At times the service can be slow and clunky especially at night and especially if you have a group.  The reason I eat here often is their rainbow roll is fantastic and so it the salmon nigiri.  Service is great during the day for people who like to stop in quick for a sushi fix.  Staff always recognizes me and makes me feel welcome.
1	This is my third or fourth time coming to this place.  Why three or four times with the one star?  Because I keep hoping that this place is good!  It's in  such a great (convenient) location and there aren't too many great neighborhood sushi joints in Mesa.  The quality of the food is very disappointing.  We ordered a salmon roll and the "salmon" was a jelly consistency.  If this establishment wants to stay in business, they need to reevaluate the quality of its ingredients.  True sushi lovers know that it's all in the freshness of your ingredients.
3	I will start out by saying that I haven't yet had an opportunity to sit at the bar or had drinks mixed for me. I have always had a booth close to the door. I only mention this because I have never had bad service, but I usually go in the middle of the day and there seems to be less of a crowd around these times.       There is a patio to eat outside if you want to enjoy the weather, and it is actually pretty good looking. Inside the atmosphere is good as well. Half the restaurant is similar to a sports bar feel, while the other half is a more common setup for a sushi restaurant. Also, the outside of the building is inviting and is in a clean area with a lot of nicely groomed properties surrounding it.    The food itself is not honestly the best. I also have only had the sushi, but I found it to be similar to one of those restaurants that just "kind-of" serves it on the menu. The seaweed was chewy and the rice wasn't quite right. The fish was ok and I didn't find it to be out of the ordinary.    This is a great place for groups, especially outside or in the bar area. However I would highly recommend this place for a "FIRST" date. The setting is great and the food is good enough with a good bit of options besides sushi. Along those lines it's a little expensive (illusion of high quality), but won't empty your wallet. Your date will think you took her to one of the better sushi places in town.
5	We have had 4 dinners here in the past month or so.  All excellent in the way of service, quality of food, portions, and price.  I am surprised by any comments about poor service as that has not been our experience at all.  On our last visit we treated 2 other couples to dinner as a Christmas present.  None of them had tried Zushi's yet.  There was a pretty good variety of food between the 6 of us.  All very good, and our guests were really impressed, as we have been.  They want to go back for more!  The menu has something for everyone - you don't have to love sushi.
3	We decided to check this place out for its convenience, despite the generally poor reviews.  I figured the clientele here probably doesn't know anything about sushi, so they might just be wrong.I ordered the tiger eye, the baked dynamite, the oysters, the "snow white" yellowtail sashimi, and amaebi, salmon roe, whitefish, and mackerel sushi.  Soon after ordering, the waiter informed me they were out of salmon roe.  No biggie.He also said they used to carry quail egg, but nobody ordered it.  Congratulations, Mesa, even Ra manages to carry quail egg.  You are a failure of a city.The oysters came out first.  These oysters were BIG, and they were topped with what appeared to be pickled ginger, a little bit of ponzu, and maybe some cocktail sauce or something.  These oysters were actually very good; they were probably the best part of the meal.Next I had the sashimi and sushi.  What they called "snow white" yellowtail was really just a standard cut at a decent sushi restaurant.  Their standard yellowtail is from the leanest part of the fish.  This sashimi was really pretty decent.  The sushi, on the other hand, was a little odd.  The whitefish (they didn't specify which species it was) was cut in a long, thin strip about three inches long, which made it difficult to pick up with my fingers.  The mackerel tasted overly fishy; some fishiness is expected with mackerel, but this was a bit much.  It was like pure brine.The waiter informed me that the kitchen was too busy to prepare the amaebi, so I couldn't have it (how long does it take to chop a shrimp in half and fry the head?).The baked dynamite was pretty good; it wasn't the best I've had, but the tempura crab and asparagus they served with it was pretty delightful.  The tiger eye I was not quite so impressed with; it was a bit too sweet or something, and none of the flavors really stuck out.  The idea of a crab-stuffed avocado is, however, fundamentally sound.We finished with the tempura ice cream, which would have been pretty average, were there more options than green tea ice cream.Zushi is not going to win any awards in the amazing sushi department.  But they are not too bad at what they are positioning themselves as: a trendy Japanese restaurant with a limited sushi offering.  Their sushi itself is not great, but they have some other reasonably good stuff on the menu.  That makes it one of the better restaurants in the neighborhood.
4	Sushi is average but the atmosphere and attitude shine.  We eat here often.  Outstanding happy hour.
4	I keep coming back to this place because they serve quality stuff! They also have bento boxes and a wide variety of traditional and custom rolls that they have developed for themselves.
5	Very good sushi and a 3.00 kiltlifter on a Saturday!  Sushi was great and we had a Korean dish with bugodi (sp?) sauce and it was wonderful.  We just moved to the area and will be back for sure!
5	My husband and I just moved to the area and are trying out all of the restaurants near us for the first time. We were just driving down the road and this place looked good. We are glad we stopped here! The atmosphere, service & food was great, it was very flavorful with some interesting sushi roll combos, and we shared the chicken bugogi to try something new, and we were blown away. We will definitely make this one of our regular stops!
4	A sake bomb for $6.50 can't be beat, but $3 blue moon on tap keeps me a regular here.  While the service can be spotty due to their high turnover on waitstaff... Their Chinese food will have you doing all your take out from Zushi.  If you are a stickler about good service though, you may want to request that William wait on you.  My favorite Chinese dish is by far the General Tsao's beef (I ask for shrimp in mine too, so worth it), and if you're going for sushi the best salmon roll is the Sunny Beaches.  If you can dig on eel, ask for the Power Roll: Shrimp tempura inside and eel on top. Its not on the menu anymore but they will still make it and you're cool like me, add cream cheese to it too! They are very accommodating.
4	My review of Zushi is not unique, as it seems everybody has had identical experiences to my own.  The service is questionable, not that the servers are grumpy or rude, just very slow.  The food (sushi) is good.  Nothing more, nothing less.  The prices are high, considering the mediocrity of the food.  For what the food and service lacks, the atmosphere makes up.  Very cool place; nice patio, good music, great happy hour specials.  Having said all that, I would recommend Zushi for a fun night out, date night, or happy hour with friends.
4	My family has eaten here a few times and it is pretty consistent. The sushi itself is really good, however, it's not the best I've had do that's why I'm giving it 4 stars. The service here is amazing! The waiter remembered our family and was very helpful and attentive. Nice place, a little expensive, but overall, good food and great service.
4	Wife and I had a really nice time here a few Saturday's ago. Went kinda late but there was still a few people enjoying food and drinks. I see some people had issues with the service but for us it was fantastic. We actually sat at the bar and only really interacted with the bartender. I believe his name was Jason and he was great. We had no idea what to get but luckily he walked us through the menu and recommended some things that we ended up ordering and everything was very good. The fish was super fresh and the rolls were delicious (can't remember exactly what we had). The atmosphere was really cool and it's great we have a couple places like this now in north east Mesa to eat and have a couple drinks.
2	Good sushi, especially for east mesa. Service is notoriously and consistently poor. 15min for water, 45min for any food, 5min for beer. These are standard tines, not based upon 1 visit. Sometimes you're not sure if you server completely forgot about you. Only reason we go is it is close, decent food, and really the best quality sushi near us that we've tried. Just realize the service will be bad if you go and don't expect greatness.
2	Good food... horrible service. Once we got our food they totally forgot we were here. Not sure we will be back even if the food is good.
5	My girlfriend and I always go here for dinner due to lack of other options in Northeast Mesa. I must say the service is great with Jason the bar, and Shawn, the owner is a very nice guy. It's very affordable for a Sushi restaurant, and good food. If you are ever up in this part of town, I would highly recommend going.
5	Another one of my favorite spots since moving to the area. I actually have a memory of meeting a friend there for happy hour years ago and really liking it a lot. We recently went for late night happy hour and had a really great time. Whilst having one too many sake bombs, the place had a very good vibe and the bar tender was very attentive to us, not to mention the sushi was delicious. We'll definitely be back, and soon!
4	The food here is amazing. We had the veggie tempura, the macho nacho roll, tuna sashimi, sweet shrimp nigiri, the Dragon roll, and the viva Vegas roll. It was fantastic. Service was a bit slow for us, but nothing that was a hindrance to our experience. At the recommendation of our waiter, we skipped dessert. It's apparently subpar. This has definitely become my new go to sushi place and it will be yours too.
1	Avoid this place. Sushi was badly made every roll fell apart. Bad service very slow got our meal wrong twice. Stick with the Chinese menu if anything at all.
3	This place gets a 3 star review because I thought my cucumber salad was way too sweet.  It tasted like it had sugar all over it.  I do like the atomophere and the menu has expanded a lot to include Chinese and Korean food as well.  The food is ok  and Id say the service is a little slow but they are definitely friendly, just seem to forget about you after you get your food.
4	Whats up with the Zushi hate? This place is pretty good. There's a nice bar, the sushi is good, the service? I never had a problem! My favorite things to get here are the wonton soups HUGE PORTIONS.. so yes to that. The sunny beaches roll is divine, it has tuna inside and then nice pieces of salmon/lemon on top. Super yummy and perfect for these hot arizona days/nights. The only reason why I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 is that this place is just a little expensive... 2 sunny beaches rolls, 3 orders of nigiri and 1 philly roll.. and Im looking at a 50/60 bill. Ehh.. oh well this place is literally   1 min away driving from my boyfriend's parent's house in Mesa.. so we definitely are partial to this place due to it's convenience.
5	I have always loved Zushi, they have very affordable menus all around specially the lunch menus. I got coconut shrimp with yummy ell rolls and this other dish that was not what I expected but i was pleasantly surprised. It's usually show here which is nice to come with my computer and use the WiFi. It's also very clean and the husband and wife that run it are great. I only wish they had more business for themselves.. This is a must go honestly I love it!!
2	We moved to this area a little over 1 month ago and have been exploring our options. We wound up in this area and decided to try this out.When entering the hostess lady looked incredibly bored and without a word guided us to our table, where she whispered that our server will be by shortly. About 5 minutes later the server came by and took our drink order, he came back with our drinks then disappeared for what seemed like 10-15 minutes. In that time we had been ready to order so what the heck?? And we were perhaps 1 of 5 other groups in here so it wasn't busy.I had ordered spicy tuna and hot and sour soup. Who I was with order a steak with tempura and fried rice. One good thing about here is that if someone you're with doesn't like Asian style food then things like steak are available (this wasn't hibachi or anything, it was just a regular steak...although it was mentioned that it had a spice that couldn't be determined).The spicy tuna roll wasn't all that great. I've been to less impressive looking places and have had amazing spicy tuna rolls for less. It was like they weren't really trying. The hot and sour soup was ok but overloaded with carrots. I tasted the steak it was decent.It took a long time to get a refill on our drinks.It took even longer for them to come by and hand us the check.Have fun waiting if you go!
5	This is my favorite sushi place of all time. The portions are huge and the food is so tasty and reasonably priced. I like how they have a bar too within the restaurant. Nacho mama, Vegas roll, and orange chicken are a must
5	Love this place! The restaurant is under new management and it shows. Service is better than it ever was before and the sushi is fresh and unique. Tonight it was seaweed salad and chili edamame followed by the Murphy Roll, Nacho Mama Roll, and the Dragon Roll.
4	Was kept waiting for napkin even though I had been served my edamame. The dish for soy sauce was dirty and now I am waiting to tell my server it is unclean and I need a new one. Not off to a great start.The food arrived and it was amazing. The amount of yellowtail over the rice was amazing! The biggest portion I have ever seen. The spicy tuna roll was excellent but had a bit too much rice around it. Overall a good dining experience till the check arrived...Soda water or club soda is not free. Not impressed! Soda water is free everywhere else but not here. That was not appreciated much.I would come back. It is close and happy hour is okay pricing
1	Save yourself some time and don't go here. So many good places around here and this place just isn't one.
4	Better than average sushi but what really separates this place from others is the customer service which is excellent. We go usually on Fridays after work. Not bad in price either, great happy hour specials.
1	I was surprised how the food has changed since Chris owned the place. I had a meal and ordered fried rice at a added cost instead of white rice, the rice sure wasn't fried rice. The owner still plays Peek a boo and doesn't walk around to say hello to the customers as Chris did. The food is par and the sushi is OK, but Rochelle N. wasn't eating at the restaurant when Chris owned it for the service now isn't that great, they stand around and talk instead of being alert to the customers needs.
4	Great stuff for this area. Definitely the better of the sushi restaurants in Mesa and the staff is cool. The bartender Jason is rad plus the Nacho Mama roll is good, as are most of the other rolls I had. If you're looking for better sushi and a nicer, more elegant atmosphere without the douchery of a real fancy place, Zushi is perfect.
2	I went here recently for lunch. I had the Kung Pao chicken bento box. It was horrible! The dish itself had maybe 6 pieces of chicken, and the rest of it was all vegetables. Taste wasn't good either. Eggroll wasn't very hot. I have had this dish a few times before and have been very happy with it- but not so much now. New cook? New owner? I don't know, but I was disappointed. Service was fine. Also, I noticed an increase in prices of the lunches and it definately was not worth it.
3	Can't complain, can't rave. Typical, middle-of-the-road sushi place. Food was fresh, tasted fine. The price was.....OK. The food took a really long time. Service was good, but the waiter tends to invade one's personal space a lot. Better happy hour deals would entice me back, but as it is, I'll stick with my all-you-can-eat favorites.
4	Great place for lunch! I love their bento boxes and sushi roll combinations. Service is friendly and fast for a quick in and out option. I personally love the Vegas roll and prices are reasonable for the quanity. The atmosphere is on par and they play great music for a chill happy hour spot. I'd recommend this to anyone who is up for a sake bomber or two!
4	Great sushi, atmosphere is fun, servers are fun and happy hour specials are always good.
4	I always have a great experience when I come here. The food is always good.
4	Great flavored food, quick service, gluten free soy sauce available. Will be back!
5	Had the vegi spring rolls for an appetizer. Mongolian Beef (added mushrooms) with fried rice.  All was scrumptious!  Service was impeccable thanks to Jason.  We will be back and will recommend to all my friends.  I think this place may be the best kept secret in Mesa!
5	I have been here twice and loved the food! The service was very slow( but servers were nice). Favorite was the Arizona roll. I sat on patio both times and brought my 2 toddlers! Definitely sit outside with little ones! They loved it. Theres some big cushioned chairs out there too. The also had a kids menu(hard to find at a sushi place)that included cheeseburgers and chicken fingers and was pretty tasty!
4	Found this place by accident because it is set back amongst some other businesses just off of Power and not easily visible from the road. I was leaving LA Fitness and could only turn north and needed to go south so I went about fifty feet north and turned left into a parking lot to turn around so I could go south. That's where I saw Zushi; behind the businesses that were facing Power Rd. I mentioned seeing Zushi to Jen who loves sushi and we went back later that day for lunch. We enjoyed it enough to warrant our return tonight for dinner.I ordered the pork pot stickers which I had the first time and they were still good. Jen ordered the hot and sour soup which turned out to be enough for at least three or fours people for $6 bucks. It was awesome and a great deal. I had the chicken chow mein last time and was eager to try my favorite dish, pending on how well they make it. :)  Jen ordered sushi as usual and as usual said it was very good. My General Tsao's chicken. It was awesome. Big chunks of meat it what had to be the best batter breading I have ever had. It wasn't too heavy. It was perfect. Our bill came to $37 including drinks and we still had take home. Super deal. The place is nice. You can sit in the restaurant, bar, or patio. Tons of TVs but no Sunday ticket unfortunately. Nice part is for someone like me there are plenty of things to order besides sushi. This place is really a diamond in the rough. I think they would be packed all the time if they had a better location.
