4	The chocolate croissant was delicious! Flaky melt in your mouth goodness, they bake croissants daily and the one that I had bought was fresh out of the oven. I also ordered a cannoli. These were piped when ordered. The cannoli was crispy but the filling had an orange zest which I didn't care for. The tiramisu cup was very light, creamy and just yummy, but again there was the orange zest that I didn't care for. Overall, this place was delicious and I will return for more treats.
4	The selection isn't great, but the quality is great.I had the mascarpone cake and it was delicious. Light, fluffy. I finished the whole thing. Great little place. Must try more.
4	They don't have the tiramisu cups or the chocolate croissants that I love soooooo much in the summer due to the heat. Instead I settled a slice of the Eclair Cake and the White and Black Cake. The eclair cake was good, but probably a lil too sweet for my taste. It was moist inside and overall good. The white and black cake which is basically a chocolate mousse and a white mousse was so light that it left you wanting to take another bite. Overall, I still love Teddy's. Customer service is excellent and the desserts have never let me down.
4	We were driving on our way back for lunch when Teddy's Bakery sign caught our eyes.  We immediately turned back into the shopping center to try this place out.On first inspection of the cake I saw they had some version of DOBASH cake! Wow!  But what I am a sucker for is Baklava and Carrot Cake.The girl at the store was nice and served us quickly.I ordered a slice of the Carrot Cake ($3.50) and a piece of the Baklava ($1.50).I unfortunately have exposed myself to the slim pickings of quality carrot cake over the years by frequenting the numerous buffets around town.  I always thought I was a carrot cake fanatic, however this piece of carrot cake that I had was LIGHT YEARS above any other I've ever had.  I am officially ruined for buffet carrot cake.  I now know how it is really supposed to taste like. The cake was extremely moist, the frosting on top was very smooth.The Baklava was very good as well.  At $1.50 it absolutely tasted like I got a deal.  It was a pretty large piece that I got and now I'm going to have to fight myself every day not to drop in and get a piece.I recommend this place for anyone that has a sugar craving that needs attention.
2	I stopped in for a quick morning bite. I got some sort of raisin/walnut bread ($2.50) that was tasty and moist. I also picked up a piece of baklava ($1.50) which I regret. It was the saddest, soggiest piece of baklava I've seen. One bite and I couldn't eat anymore. It must have been sitting around a while. The bakery is small but had some cakes, tortes, and tiramisu that looked good. Although who knows how long those have been sitting out.2.5 Stars
3	Decided to drop in to fulfill a sweet tooth. Walked in close to closing time, so most of the sweets have been sitting out all day. The guy behind the counter (who I think was also the owner) was very friendly, and answered any questions we had. I ordered the tiramisu.. Pretty good. My boyfriend had a cannoli.. Eh. Let's just say we liked the tiramisu better. The layers in the tiramisu were a good lady finger/espresso/cream ratio. The cannoli fell flat, the shell wasn't crunchy. More soggy than anything.Gave it 3 stars for the tiramisu & customer service.
5	This adorable bakery is tucked in the back of a strip mall on the SW corner of Fort Apache and Tropicana and I count myself most fortunate to have stumbled upon it by accident.  Look for Teddy's - It's worth it!My favorite sweet from the case is The Rock, which is a brownie-like cake but the REAL REASON I go to Teddy's Bakery is for the paninis!  They are absolutely outstanding!  The egg and feta cheese open-faced panini is heaven on earth.  It is also quite large and costs only $4, which is ridiculous for something so delicious.  The ham and egg panini sandwich is also excellent.  My husband and I usually get one of each and we each have half of both kinds.    In addition to the paninis, I have to recommend the meatballs which are served with a fresh greek salad.  Teddy's offers incredibly fresh food with authentic Bulgarian flavors and spices.  The atmosphere is comfy and clean and the place has a lovely decor.  I have seen a placard that says they offer a wi-fi connection but I haven't tried it yet.  This seems like the ideal place for someone who works on the road and has to eat on the fly.  Idea: Set up a mini-office while grabbing a great, healthy lunch.  The coffee is great, too.I have eaten at Teddy's (10+ times) and have also ordered take-out orders (10+ times).  The food is consistently outstanding.  For the take-out orders, the paninis transport very well and even keep for a few days in the fridge.  I pop them in the toaster oven and it is like they were just made fresh.  They make an incredible midnight snack!I highly recommend Teddy's Bakery for brunch or lunch.  As a matter of fact, I am going there right now because writing this review has given me a serious panini craving.
2	Deep in the bowels of a random strip mall on Fort Apache and Tropicana lies Teddy's Bakery.  No, really, it's in the bowels --you will not find this place unless you're desperately searching for the Tropical Smoothie Cafe.Anyways, from the outside it looks promising.  Little tables filled with Bulgarian patrons, eatin' their pastries, enjoying their al fresco dining experience in the parking lot.  So quaint, or something.The selection inside, however, not so promising.  The bakery case is filled with about a dozen, unfortunate-looking cookie selections ($12.00 a pound, yikes!). The cookies are joined by random cakes, tiramisu,  and sad-looking baklava.  Considering it's a Bulgarian joint, I was hoping for something a little more exciting.I tried a piece of the Bavarian cream cake ($3.50 a slice).  It wasn't very sweet, a Eastern European trademark, which was a huge plus for me. Sadly, the cake also wasn't very moist and was smothered by huge globs of frosting.  It's not something I'd buy again.  This bakery would be a good stop for someone without a big sweet tooth.  2.5 stars.
4	Little bakery that has a mixed assortment of cakes, pastries and other goodies.  We didn't want to pick up one cake, but wanted to try a slice of several different ones.  We asked if that was possible, and sure enough they boxed them cakes by the slice.  I know we tried a slice of white and black cake.  It was moist and fluffy as cake should be.  We also tried a slice of carrot.  I'm a sucker for carrot and this one was excellent.  Most of what we got today was just as fresh, creamy frosting, fluffy cake, made fresh.  Worth another trip to try others!
2	I usually like this place for a quick cookie fix, but this last visit really frustrated me. I have a "don't yelp when angry" rule so I'm yelping this almost a week later. My mom wanted cookies. Came by with a Groupon Now on my phone and was told that we couldn't use it because the cashier didn't know what it was. It took about ten minutes of me explaining that it's a coupon for Teddy's specifically, a lot of arguing, and three phone calls before it was honored. During this time I was also told it couldn't be honored because-- He's never seen one before.- The manager wasn't there.- It needed to be printed.- I could use it on Thursday when the manager was in (defeats the purpose of a Groupon Now, right?)- He couldn't call the manager again because she was busy.While I inevitably got my cookies with my Groupon special, the energy and effort that went into the use was extremely annoying. Groupon isn't exactly a new concept anymore. I tried to be as polite as possible with the cashier (since he clearly wasn't doing it to be a jerk) but I do feel that management should properly alert the staff when they run a Groupon so that the staff in the bakery know what to expect.
4	Pretty tasty!  The black forest cake was delicious.  We also tried the eclair cake which is pretty much what it sounds like, a cake made of eclairs.  Unique and delicious cakes.  I dig it!
3	We stopped in to have a look-see after a very tasty dinner at Mashisoyo.  I have a very difficult time turning away from bakeries and the cute little teddy bear on the bakery's exterior sign was calling me.....the place was empty, unsurprisingly, as it was around 7:30pm, quite late for a bakery.  Teddy's is advertised as a "European" bakery; some of the yelp folks say it's Bavarian or Eastern European of some sort.  The displayed cakes and cookies in the glass cases looked good and honestly, I was thinking that they probably looked better than they tasted.  Since we were still stuffed from dinner, we decided to get a pound's worth of assorted cookies to go.  (One pound of cookies is almost $12/pound!  Kind of steep if you ask me.)  At home, we sampled one each and to our jaded surprise, enjoyed the buttery-ness and not-too-sugary-ness of our treats.  They tasted (almost) fresh.  Good enough for 3*!  Next time I visit Mashisoyo, I'll try a slice of cake and update this review.
3	I am known for hopping between businesses to get my fix. If I have a sweet tooth, I am willing to go to a couple of places to make sure I can satisfy it. This night was no different. After ice cream, I came here for a pastry. The tulumba was what caught my eye. Anything that looks like a doughnut drenched in syrup is a must try. In fact, it pretty much was a Chinese doughnut that has been saturated in a thick sugar bath. It is a cold dessert and tasted like it had been in the case for a while. The actual bread portion possessed a very oily mouth feel. The strawberry shortcake was better. The strawberries were suspended in a sauce would be my only complaint. I would have liked for them to be fresh slices with a thin layer of jam if needed. I did enjoy the cream. Sometimes bakeries try to save some money and give a very greasy whipped topping, but Teddy's was smooth and dissipated on the palate quickly.
1	Ugh...... I loved Teddy's, but in an effort to bring me some happiness in my sleep deprived state my husband brought me home a tiramisu cup tonight. I was like oh this is pretty good, then I started to get to the bottom of the cup and there was this liquid in it and I take a bite. I didn't think anything of it (like I said sleep deprived) but my husband takes a spoonful and asks, "what's this runny stuff?" I responded with "caramel?" (Why would there be caramel in tiramisu?? Hello Brenda!)  He said no its raw eggs.  Totally NOT cool!!!! I can't afford to get food poisoning with a 5 month old baby dependent on me, so I'm crossing my fingers and hoping for the best. I'm totally disappointed in Teddy's because it was one of my favorite places to go to, but I won't be back for awhile. Please make sure your baked goods are cooked before selling to people.
4	I really loved the variety and quality of this place! The service was awesome and very thorough. My boyfriend and I were just in the area and saw the bakery. We had to go in once we saw it. After walking in, we saw a few tables and a few display cases. A tv monitor showed the different food available but we were told that their sandwiches had been sold out. My boyfriend and I ended up ordering the cookies and cream "cake" as well as a slice of cheese cake.The cheese cake was so decadent and a little heavy. I loved it. The cookies and cream cake tasted of coffee but it was delicious! Very light. We will definitely be coming back when in the neighborhood!
1	This place stinks!! Bakeries always smell good. I want to know why it stinks so bad in there.It smelled like mold and rotten milk! The woman at the counter is very rude and I will NEVER go to this "bakery" again. The glass windows on the display case were dirty.  Gross!
