2	The staff is very friendly and the location is in a great spot; however, the whole concept is a little confusing to me because the great part of Walmart is having everything I need in one place. This place, is the exact opposite. It's a small local location that doesn't offer everything a true full-size Walmart has. If I want something smaller, I'm going to go to a mom-and-pop boutique not a smaller Walmart.
3	This place is essentially a grocery store, it is not a typical Walmart. If you are looking for movies, music, electronics, household items, then this is not the Walmart you want to go to. They do have you normal toiletries and household supplies as most grocery stores have. They also have a pharmacy. It is no fresh market, or whole foods, but being a Walmart I was shocked that they have pretty decent meats and produce. As typical per Walmart, the pricing is great. It essentially is close to Aldi type pricing, without the hastle of needing a quarter for a cart, bagging your own items, and  they have name brand items. At this point the staff is extremely friendly and helpful. It is a very new store, and hopefully they do not lose the friendly touch.
1	I don't know whats worse the DMV or here. Check outs are always crowded and backed up, and theres never any hand baskets only carts. Great place to go if you're in the mood to be depressed.
5	It appears that most of the low ratings are because this isn't a typical Walmart. Even if people didn't know what Walmart was trying to do with these smaller stores, why the low ratings?I think it would be pretty obvious by the size that this is not a usual Walmart setup.If you are the type of Wally World shopper I am, the type to not wander around, just get what you need and leave...this is a great store.I don't buy clothes, tvs, furniture from Walmart- the groceries and occasion items like toilet paper or cleaning product is all I need.This store is perfect for that. They still stock toiletries, OTC meds, household cleaning products, etc.Every time I've been in there there has never been a line. As soon as I walk towards the register, the person ahead of me is walking away. No wait in line? I'll gladly drive past my Super Walmart to shop here. Your mileage may vary with the checkout line if course.They also stock more organic items like almond butter, etc that you'd find at Whole Foods.
3	This place is convenient when you want to go to a grocery store with wal mart prices. It's nice and small but still with such good deals. It's never too crowded either. However it kills me that they don't make fresh bagels at all and bakery items are very limited. The frozen food section is also limited as well as a few other sections. Great for the basics but I always end up having to make a trip somewhere else to finish up my weekly order. I'll continue to go obviously but wish it had a little more selection
5	These Neighborhood Walmarts are a great idea. Its like no one really knows about them. This Walmart is nice, clean, organized, and never overly crowded at all times of the day. I can say that because I've been coming here for the last 8 or 10 months since it opened. The workers are nice and very helpful too....and get this, all the wheels on there carts roll perfectly lol. Its the little things in life that makes me happy lol. Great Walmart
