4	We really enjoy Peruvian chicken. Thankfully Eche Pa'echarle is just a few blocks from our place. The chicken is incredible! I am not sure what they marinade it in or how long they roast it, but we are big fans!We love a good Peruvian ceviche, too, but frankly we are not 100% in love with Eche Pa'echarle's ceviche. Although it isn't bad in a pinch.
4	I had the Ceviche Mixto with onions and yucca. A civiche of mixed seafood and herbs - shrimp, fish, squid, octopus, clams, scallops and surf clam - a true medley of seafood. It was extremely fresh; the seafood did not taste defrosted (maybe the fact that Jean Talon Market was right around the corner has something to do with this). Having raw seafood being "cooked" with acid (lime) might sound a big adventurous, but when it's done right, it can be quite exciting.
5	Long overdue review from me about this Peruvian gem in north Montreal, just that side of the Jean Talon shopping complex. We have been to this restaurant many times, and having lived in Peru for a couple of years, I can attest to the authenticity of the menu and its preparation. The establishment is not very big, and a couple of years ago, it expanded its offering to include the famous Peruvian rotisserie chicken. Ambience is simple and on certain nights, it even offers live entertainment. Otherwise like typical eateries in Peru, there is a large screen TV with Latino entertainment.Food-wise, it is Peruvian to the last crumb and drop. The appetizers include an amazing papas a la huancaina (sliced boiled potatoes covered with a savoury and creamy yellow pepper sauce and garnished with sliced boiled eggs and black olives), and tamales (cornflour dumplings with pork stuffing) among other favourites. Ceviche abounds with various seafood, and is served in traditional style, i.e. large grain Peruvian corn on cob, a piece of boiled yucca, and the ceviche itself of whatever seafood marinated in a piquant salad of red onions, peppers and lime juice. Not to be missed! Main entrees include savoury stews (try the chupe de camarones with the extra large shrimp in shell!), aji de gallina (shredded chicken cooked in the aromatic and savoury Peruvian yellow pepper sauce), arroz con mariscos (seafood served with rice prepared with cilantro - something like paella), and of course the rotisseries chicken. I am not too crazy about traditional Peruvian desserts, I find them too sweet for my taste but for those who like them, they also make sweet rice pudding, alfajores (cookie made of flour, nuts and honey, and a centre filling of caramel), and "flan" (sort of custard tart without the crust, lightly covered with sweet syrup). The place also serves traditional Peruvian chicha (lightly sweet beverage made from purple corn - refreshing flavour) and of course Inka Kola (Peru's answer to Coca Cola; a bright yellow soda that tastes like cream soda).The prices are somewhat on the high side but it is well worth the visit to sample what I consider to be best of South American cuisine which is expertly prepared here. In fact, Peruvian cuisine has now caught on in New York and Western Europe as more people have discovered its remarkable range of spices and flavours so unlike any other neighbouring cuisine in South America. If you like Mexican or Indian food, you will LOVE Peruvian food.
