4	New location, so I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt when it comes to speed.  SO SLOW!!  The sandwiches taste great and really fresh, but be prepared to wait quite awhile during peak times.  Pricing is fair, and I LOVE the Coca Cola Freestyle pop machine they have there, which dispenses around 21 different brands of pop, each with 2-7 different flavors per brand.  7 flavors of Fanta and 4 flavors of Mello Yello?  Who knew!  Plenty of indoor seating, with some outdoor seating as well.  Parking kind of sucks because there's only about 7 spots directly outside the restaurant...so get used to parking by McDonalds and walking over.Ok, back to the wait times.  I have been there twice.  The first time was only a couple days after they first opened their doors for business, and I waited in line about 5 minutes and it took 10-15 minutes to get my sandwich after paying for it.  At that time(roughly 3pm on a weekday), there wasn't many people there, so I was a little concerned about how long my sandwich took.  Today was my second time there, and this time I was there at the peak of lunch hour(12:15 on a weekday).  The place was packed with people and the line was long enough to span the entire front counter area.  The line seemed to be moving along ok, and within about 5-7 minutes I was placing my order.  This is where you thank me for telling you to bring your smartphone with you.  I waited a solid 20 minutes to get my sandwich today, and that's after I the initial wait to place the order.  I'm not sure if there is any prioritization on "to go" orders, or if they just made first in first out, but there was a pretty big group of us waiting in the corner for our to-go orders.  Now I understand why they have a sign in there that says, "Save time, order online ahead of time!".  I will test that out on my next visit.Overall, good place to get a fresh sandwich.  The Steak & Cheese and Meatball sandwiches are pretty good, and the New York Steamer is a good choice if you like beef brisket with with pastrami.  I'll be back, but next time I will try to avoid the busy times of the work day.
4	I ordered 7 sandwiches and several other items.  Everything was ready and bagged when I arrived.  When I got to the office to and distributed the sandwiches, I noticed there was a sandwich missing.  The first person wanted me to drive back to their store to pick up the sandwich.  When I told him I was going to drive back to their store because of their mistake, he transferred me to a manager.  The manager took control of the situation and said she would deliver the sandwich.  Better late than never.
3	Maybe it was all the hype, maybe it was the high prices, or maybe it just wasn't that good.  I dunno, I suppose that I have high standards when it comes to a sandwich - and in all my years this is the 1st Italian sandwich I've ever had that just overwhelmed me with sweetness (for the record, NOT a flavor most want on a sandwich not involving peanut butter or Nutella).  I'm guessing it was the mustard that caused the sweet flavor - taking that off might improve the whole thing greatly - but it was also soggy by the time I got home.  Major points for the modern age Coke machine (with a gajillion flavor combinations) but that's not enough to woo me.  It's a good idea to steam your meats and cheeses, I imagine that does change the flavor profile a bit, but not enough to charge me ten bucks for a soggy / sweet footlong.  I might be back, but mostly for the freakin' cool soda machine.Until they can be beaten, Jersey Mikes still takes the pickle for one of the best sandwich franchises ever.
4	I'm VERY glad this place opened up around this intersection.  To be completely honest, this intersection in Chandler/Gilbert is the least attractive to me as an eater/foodie... I've tried EVERY eating place at this intersection and the few we ever return to (though not lately since I prefer to just cook my own foodie obsessions at home) are not even anything special.Having said that, I have eaten here maybe 2 or 3 times already (during the weekend, when momma doesn't feel like cooking so much) and I REALLY love their Italian sandwich... like, I've craved it very often since having it the first time.  It is warm/toasted, plenty of Italian meats (though I do suggest if you don't like the sweetness of their honey ham, you can have them add less and more of another italian meat.. which they gladly do).. and I love biting in to the crispy yet soft bread and getting melted mayo and italian meat juice all over my face :P  It is the stuff of cravings for me.The staff here is friendly, chipper, nice... they have a bajillion soda selections (though I don't drink soda.. haven't for years...) and you can donate a bit of your bill to the local Fire Station.I definitely return here.
4	There are all sorts of sub places. For hot subs, I prefer Firehouse by far. Maybe it is because they steam their sandwiches.  I really love most of their subs.
2	I will have to go back and perhaps try a hook and ladder. I went for the first time and ordered the meatball. On the board it says that it includes Italian sausage but there was none on my sandwich. The service was good but I'm not convinced it was worth the price.
4	Great subs! They are made well. Came in in Father's Day and it was buy one, get one! The staff is pretty friendly too.
5	Love this place! Only been once but everyone was extremely friendly and the food was delicious. The meat is fresh and you get tons of it on your sub. Lots of options and they seem to overstaff!
4	The map is wrong on this, it is just south of germann off of gilbert rd on the east side of gilbert rd.The food is pretty damn tasty. The white chicken salad sandwich is good. Prices are reasonable and they have an awesome pop machine that has over 100 different sodas or something crazy like that.The old man who works the register, at least during lunch the last 2 Thursdays I have gone, should be in a home. He is so over matched by the entire ordering process that it is painful. He has gotten my sandwich wrong both times even though I knew he was struggling and tried to even point to the menu to tell him what I wanted. Luckily they can remake the sandwiches quickly but I've seen multiple people turn their sandwiches back in, I'm guessing for the same reason.If you own this place, PLEASE let that employee go or find him a new position, he is NOT able to handle the register. All 4 of the other employees made sure to welcome me when I walked in but he is the one that has to ring me up? When I brought my incorrect sandwich back and told them this was the 2nd week in a row he did the same thing, they laughed and said he is a good guy. I bet he is, just not a good register person.I love the help the firemen angle and $ going back to their charities and all, but please hire a competent register worker.
4	This week we took our first trip to Firehouse Subs in Chandler.  The staff was very friendly and explained the menu to us since we were new.  Way to on the hiring!  We had the turkey, bacon ranch and the bbq beef brisket sandwiches.  Both were excellent but too much to eat for one person.  Next time we will go with the smaller sizes.  We took leftovers home to the kids so $20 bought two huge subs and a coke.  In the end it fed 4 which isn't too bad.  We will definitely be back.
1	Well unfortunately, I have been duped yet again....  yet again another BAD experience at this location when ordering more than (1) sandwich.  I just don't get it, if you're founded by firemen, I would think you would leave no ingredient behind or better yet, how about not leaving a sandwich behind.  But as always, when I call in and order something from this location something is always missing.  I can (somewhat) deal with an occasional missing ingredient request, but yesterday finally broke the camel's back when I had to return to the location to retrieve my sandwich that was M.I.A.  Now I know what you're saying, "well dumbass you should have checked your order" and I agree with you, I should have, however sometimes you may forget to check your order and think afterwards that, "hey, it's OK, I am paying for a service that should be complete" well unfortunately not at this location.  When I called about this missing sandwich, a very flamboyant person picked up the phone and says "OOooo JEeesstthhuuss, she forgot to give you the other bag, why don't you come back in and we'll make it right".  Well I go back to collect what is mine, and they had it ready right away for pickup, but what cracks me up even more is their attempt to make it right.  They had stapled 2 coupons on the bag and as I sit in my car, CHECKING my order and reading the coupons, I read that 1 is for a free sandwich combo and the other for a free cookie.... COOL!  or wait not COOL! They are EXPIRED!!  SERIOUSLY I was going to go back in and bring this to their attention, however, I finally just laughed it off and thought to myself...... you can't fix stupid.  One plus of me not returning to this location is that I won't have to hear (in a VERY flamboyant tone) "Welcome to the firehouse!!  HHHEEEEYYYYY!!"  Good riddance!
3	Not a sub fan, but their 'Hero' sub was pretty good!
4	I love Firehouse subs, the meatball sub is awesome but then again there hasn't been any sub that i havent liked. I always recommend that you round up your total so you can donate to the fire fighter fund.
3	Map is wrong, it's on the west side of the road. You have to repeat your order 4-5 times and there is only 1 soda machine that served 1 person at a time. Reason that's an issue is because this guy was filling up his 6 cups and took forever. And then when it's your turn you feel rushed because you don't want to be like that guy. Food is great though! Make sure to listen for your name, 2 other customers names were called out wrong.
5	The #10 is amazing!  Only sub I've tried from there, but why ruin a good thing right?! Frequently visit this place when I am craving a good brisket sandwich.
2	I hate giving two stars to one of our favorite sub places but this location just cannot get it together! Yesterday marked our 3rd awful experience in less than 8 months. We chose to dine in and watched as several customers behind us received their food to go before us. Not something that's fun to deal with when you have young children who are hungry and waiting. 3 out of our 4 subs were made incorrectly and it was very obvious the staff was lacking any sort of management or direction. It was not a pleasant experience and was quite frankly annoying. We won't be back to this location.
5	Always my favorite place for lunch or dinner! I traveled all the way from North Dakota and the first meal I have to have is Firehouse! We had the Meatball and the Italian and they were both prefect.  I'm going to try make it back again before my vacation is over!
4	After speaking with management, it is obvious they care about customer feedback and I'm glad they seem to be getting on top of things.
3	Subs are good.  Reason I gave a 3 star is because I feel the customer service and time can step it up.  Second time I have been here and both times they are very slow at making the subs.  Tonight I walked in and order 3 subs.  I am the only customer in the joint.  4 employees working.  I place my order.  After I place my order, the cashier goes and sweeps,one gal starts to make the subs, another employee is cleaning the counter along the back wall and another is doing something else.  One would think that maybe another employee would stop what they were doing to help make 3 subs.  Nope, left it up to the girl and she was very slow.  A few other people walk in and order and then another employee starts on their subs.  Mind you, my order is still not complete.I think I will stick with Subway next time.  More options, less expensive. Faster service and it still fills me up.
5	Subs are great!  Our favorites are the Engineer and the New York Steamer!  We recently tried their Sriracha Beef sandwich and weren't as thrilled as we are with everything else.  Along with good tasting food comes great service.  They are extremely friendly!
4	My favorite sub shop!  The taste cannot be beat, nor the friendly staff.  I didn't give them a 5 because it takes awhile for them to make these tasty subs AND I find it difficult to know where to stand in line.  When I stand straight in front of the counter (with my back to the soda machine) people coming in from along the counter cut in front of me.  When I stand along the counter, invariably people walk around by the soda machine to stand directly in front of the register and cut in front of me.  I realize these people are probably just as confused as me but seriously - every time??  I suggest arrows on the floor or something.
5	Yummy
3	My husband orders weekly from here to cater business lunches so I thought is give it a go for home.  I ordered 4 subs and 2 salads and the subs were great.  Sadly the salads were meatless and just had wilted lettuce, watery tomatoes, olives and something white chopped up.  No meat.  To say I am disappointed is a massive understatement.I think my husband may need to rethink his catering company
4	I appreciate the effort management has made to rectify my bad experience.  Says a lot when they are willing to work with a customer.
5	One of my best friends always talked about how this place and after finally trying it, I know why.  Hands down, the best fast food sandwich place around.  Subway, Quiznos... NO WAY, NO MORE.  We could eat here everyday!
