1	Waited just under 15 minutes adn walked out.  Not very busy.  No one said hello or greeted us in any way.  Go somewhere else- not worth it! Set up is weird. If it was busy, you could certainly never play pool.  You would be hitting everyone.
2	Nothing to see here really.  Not much on tap beyond the white trash specialties.  The menu is huge, so much so that it's convoluted.  They're just trying to do too much.  The service usually blows, cause it's staffed by burned out looking skanks, and I'm being nice here.  On the weekend it packs full of douchebags who are engaged in mortal douchebaggery.  it's the kind of place you could get into a fight in when you're not looking for trouble.  Everyone seems to be posturing around here.  I remember when this place first opened up before it expanded 3 times.  It started as an old dudes sports joint now it's a drink special douche attractant.  I wouldn't go here unless forced to.  Ohe yeah the drinks aren't cheap here either, unless there's a special.
2	This was my favorite dive bar back when I thought a dive bar had to be absolutely rank. I recently returned a few times after years of having been away and realized why i had stayed away so long. The service varies depending who your server is. The beer is awful. Just a shitty selection. Really effing shitty. I seemed to remember their buffalo chicken strips being delicious but I must have been drunk out of my goddamned gourd. They were dry and had almost no sauce. Oh and don't listen to what anyone may tell you...LandShark is not tasty beer.I also remembered why this is the only bar I have been kicked out of for getting into altercations. Almost all of the patrons were ass hats speaking total douchery and making me sick to my stomach as they used their smooth lines on the waitress such as "Why don't you want to go home with my friend? He is hung like a horse. Har har har"Never have I been to a bar with so many children seated at the booths. "You have a baby!...at a bar...""OK so why two stars Nathan?" you may be asking yourself,  "you seem to be really getting riled up about this place, why not give it one?"The jalepeno cheese steak sandwich is sooo effing good. Dirty real dive bar food...sooo good. Go during the day when no one is there and do not drink the Land Shark...it is not tasty beer.
2	My friend and I came here because the Greek restaurant nearby closed early.  But, gawd, it was a Saturday night and the fact that I was in a giant megaplex urban sprawl of a city was very apparent when I noticed how desolate this strip mall location was.  We walked in and what looked like could easily be a very happening sports bar was dotted with a few customers here and there. We sat at the bar, but there were booths and tables to choose from.  There are pool tables, dart boards, and fooseball on the other half of the place and there are 2 sections of outdoor seating.The beer selection was kind of weak, a bunch of your basic domestics, but Ithey did have Guinness and my Newcastle, but my heart sunk when the bartender told me that they were out of it.The menu seemed like your average barfood fare, but I was drawn toward what turned out to be an amazing jalapeno cheesesteak sandwich with jalapeno cheese...mmm yeah! And my friend had the hot buffalo wings which, unfortunately, were not hot enough for my fire capacity.I make it out to Phoenix a few times a year and I would come back to check out the "All you can eat fish fry" (my good diet gets completely thrown out the window when I come here).  And there were some other happy our specials painted on the windows that looked good.I won't expect a song and dance from our bartender, although accommodating and efficient, possessed the antithesis of a sparkling personality.I give this place the upper echelon of 2 stars cuz it seems like a place I would have torn up back in the day.
3	If you are looking for a cheap drink, this is it. Casey Jones tries to pass off as the bourgeois of bars, but really Casey Jones a kitschy place for the younger crowd as "the place to be" on a Saturday night. Typically they have a  band in the corner of the pool room that's plastered and singing cover songs off-key; and by the time I'm leaving five people will have been kicked out for disorderly misconduct. Then there is always the drunken bitch at the bar who declares it's time to make a scene because the bartender was doing her job and cut off  the "Drunk Bitch." It's a fun place to go when you want to people watch (obviously for the reasons mentioned above) or laugh with friends over the crazy Japanese TV shows broadcast by G4 on the bar TV's.On weeknights the domestic longneck beers are 95 cents and they have 2.50 you-call-it's.The food is sooo good (but bad for you like any other bar food) and they have half-price reverse happy hour special. It's slow during the week; it takes forever for the food to come out. The kitchen closes at midnight so order first thing when you get there.
1	Seriously, I'd rather just eat at the Cafeteria at work than at Casey Jone's Grill.  The food is average at best, the service is beyond slow.  The whole restaurant/bar needs to be pressure washed.  I won't be going back.  Nothing about it was worth the time or the money.
2	So I recently moved to Arizona from Los Angeles, and this place is close to my home, and had some great specials during the Lakers vs Suns games. The only reason this place got 2 stars instead of 1 is because they had $5 large pizzas and $2.50 you call its (except for top shelf). The crowd this place attracts is sooo ghetto and beligerent. They were giving away shirts that said "F*#K The Lakers" on it. My boyfriend, 1 other table, and I were the only Lakers fans...which we expected. Everyone is wearing their stupid shirts thinking the Suns actually had a chance. It is here I realized how lame and dumb people can be. They were walking aorund making LA signs with their fingers saying "Leave Arizona" people were trying to start fights with the Lakers fans because they said  "LA sucks" then I asked why and they said "well, I've never been there, but it just is lame". So I deal with these rude obnoxious people til the end of the series, which of course the Lakers win! I just laughed at the Suns fans who bandwagoned onto Celtics fans because they were so butt-hurt about Phoenix losing. Cry me a freakin river! So there's stike 1.Strike 2 is that it literally takes FOREVER to get a drink in this place! We even timed it and it took 10 minutes to get drinks when the place was not even half full! We figured you should order your next drink when you get your first so by the time you are done, you're second drink MIGHT be brought to you soon. The food is okay, nothing special at all, but not disgusting. There are also many children in here playing pool, air hockey, and the basketball game while people are getting wasted & partying. It's just weird. They also took part in cussing people out when their parents were getting into it with other people. Wow just wow.Strike 3 came the other night when we showed up to eat because we had a coupon & ended up playing trivia. The trivia was fun, until the table behind us (full of people 45 years and older) were cussing, yelling, and harassing the girl who was hosting the trivia. She was getting pissed, and so were we. We lost 1 question because they kept bothing all of us. Casey Jones is a place you can go to and play trivia at 7pm and be harassed by geezers who get too drunk & act 21. I have also heard stories about my friends who have gone & people started fights with them for no reason. The people were friends with the owner or bartender, so my friends got kicked out & not the people who started the fight! I would not recommend this place at all. Go to Padre Murphy's down the street or somewhere else. Anywhere else.
3	This place is pretty legit. It has a reverse happy hour--ON WEEKENDS, which is pretty nice. $1.50 small pitchers of Coors Light and 2.50 u-call-its can't be beat. Also, they keep the kitchen open pretty late, so you can indulge yourself with a cheap, greasy pizza before you head home.To be fair, you do get what you pay for. My white russian, vodka cranberry, and gin and tonic were all poorly mixed and packing way too much liquor. That sucks in a good way, but I kinda wish they had more bartenders. They were always in a rush and seemed pretty pissed off, but I can't blame them entirely with that sort of workload.Also, beware of security. They aren't jerks, but they have zero tolerance. I saw some douchebag kid with his Hollister collar popped defiantly throw a napkin on the floor like he was a rebel without a cause. The bouncer kindly grabbed said popped collar, commanded said douche to pick it up, and kindly set him back in his seat. Owned.Beware, older Yelpers. This place is a stone's throw from ASU West, so if you have a bias against college kids stay away. I like the crowd, it was large, and by no means a sausage fest. Between all the people, the cheap booze, the food, and the DJ, this place is pretty damned solid 3.5 stars rounded down to 3. Even though they do a lot of things right, I won't become a fan of any establishment that can't make a drink to my liking! I'll still come back for more if I'm in the area.
1	The worst place to eat.  The fish tasted like it was dunked in cold oil.  Greasy and soggy, yuck.  The waitress never showed up and ignored our complaints about the fish.  Had dinner and drinks-4 of us total.  Saddest hundred dollar bill I ever spent.  The exact opposite of the Casey Jones on East Bell Road.  We go there all the time and love it.  Don't confuse the two places!
5	Good food. The onion strings are bomb. Service was great. Very friendly folks. Bartender was a nice guy.
4	Been coming here for casual drinking for years now. Went here on a un-eventful Saturday night. There was good amount of people here and I can imagine that on busy nights like when a game is on or something that it would be impossible to find a table for a few people let alone some bar stools. We sat at bar since it's easier to flag down a bartender for some booze than waiting on the waitresses. There are pool tables.There are dart boards. (might not be there anymore)There is a train driving around.There are two patios.The good:If you're an alcoholic like me, then you will like it here. They stack their mixers decently unlike mill where they don't put enough liquor. If you like your mixers with a lighter taste...be sure to state that.The parking is easy and spacious in the plaza parking lot and the place is easy to find. Saturday night special are $5 large pizza until midnight when the kitchen closes and $2.50 drink special of large pint domestic. Appetizers are half on during their happy hour I think. I would recommend going during happy hour if you're looking to save.The bad: Table service. When it's busy, it's hella busy. You literally have to do smoke signals to flag down your waitress. Typical wait is anywhere from 5-20 minutes depending on where you sit and how busy they are.
4	Brayden and shaun Will def take care if you
3	So my girlfriend mentioned this place as being a pretty cool place to go.. "back in the day."  I guess things change right?We were looking for some place that we could sit and hang and eat some yummy fried food.  Ahhh Casey's was the place.   She was sold because drinks were only $5.  Cant beat that.  I nursed my Diet Pepsi while she drank a lemon drop martini.  We started off with some wings that tasted like they were a few days old and heated up.  not the greatest.  We also tried the cheese sticks.  I hear the old ones from back in the day were pretty damn good.  Unfortunately they did not have them.I also got a sandwich on a croissant, but yeah.. I think it was sweet bread.  So the food wasnt great at all really.. however our waitress was really cool, so I'll give it 3 stars.
1	Went in with boyfriend and 12 year old for dinner because it happened to be close. The waitress deigned to come by about 20 minutes later. Drinks came; my coffee had obviously been sitting on the burner since 6 am. Placed our (simple) orders. The place wasn't busy but after a half hour (soft drinks dry; no visit from the waitress) we asked where our food was. She said it would be right out. Ten minutes later we left. Told the lady at the door what happened and she shrugged. Couldn't have cared less.
1	Let me start by saying this bar is right by my house so I was hoping that this would be a good one. The first time I went there it was a decent experience, but it seems that things are going down hill. There have been several times when we ordered premium drinks (Jack or Captain) and it seems that they are serving us well drinks but still charged us the premium price! Trust me, I'm a very experienced drinker and know the difference from well whiskey and Jack. The last time my friend and I went there we went in and sat at a table and never got acknowledged. We were there for over 15 minutes and not one waiter or waitress stopped by and they weren't even busy! We finally ended up leaving went to another bar. I won't be back.
1	Oh Casey Jones, how you have failed me. I remember when I first came across you, free UFC, decent bar food, which included delicious fried cheese curds and jalapeno bottle caps. You even had decent beer prices! Terrible selection, but the price point was fine. Recently though, things have changed. I'm guessing an ownership change. New menu, which is ugly by the way. If you're not going to hold onto any of the train motifs in the menu, then why keep the thing on the ceiling? Completely new and inept staff with glassy eyes, who don't seem to care at all. When I ask for tea, don't bring me Diet Pepsi with a lemon in it.Annoying announcements 5 times in one night (yes, we know you're offering $4 Yager crap drinks, please stop reminding me, and no, having a child yell "get some" isn't cute. It's probably illegal.)Understaffing the bar when there is a fight, so your servers are overworked and stressed, leading to problems & unhappy customers.Serving cold food and pizza that tastes like dishwater. I can't find one thing I like about you anymore.  I'm going elsewhere.
1	I used to like coming here for UFC...The service has always been a bit questionable, but the food was decent enough to make up for it and best of all, no cover charge. I came for lunch a month or so ago with coworkers and discovered the new menu. No more sweet potato fries, no more jalapeno bottle caps, no more cheese curds? Say it ain't so! Also, all new servers, and the bathrooms somehow have gotten even more disgusting. Functioning locks on the doors would be nice.Tonight was the last straw. A waitress or manager, and then a child (yes, really) kept coming on over the speaker to announce the drink special. We'd been there since 5pm, and so had just about everyone else. The final time was DURING the lightweight title fight, mid-round. I don't care if I have to pay a cover to go somewhere else. I'd like a wait staff that will notice garbage on the table from the previous customers and CLEAN IT OFF WITHOUT ME ASKING! C'mon! I'm not sure if most of the changes are due to a new owner or manager, but the servers need to be trained, and the overhead pages to announce drink specials need to stop. It's loud and annoying. Also, screwdrivers as a special on Saturdays is maybe appropriate in the morning, but how about long islands or rum and coke later on? I'm not going to drink a screwdriver with hot wings and pizza on a Saturday night.
1	We only come here for two reasons.1. To pregame 2. To play Buck Hunt.
3	This place was awesome. I say this because the management decided to make things better. What he forgot to do was fix the bathrooms. They're disgusting! The wings, pizza, burgers and the beef nachos are great. I recommend that. They changed the menu, they should of kept it because it was affordable for families. Now somethings are priced way too much for the size and taste. The fish fry, its too watery. The tacos salad, the shell is stale and the lettuce seems old. The wait staff used to be great, but I guess they wise up and left. Now they make you wait and sometimes the orders are not right and food is sometimes cold, but the people who do things right are the women that help clear the tables. THEY should be the servers! I bet they don't get tipped. But since my family are regulars we tip them. :) This place is good for basketball and football. But you have to get here a half hour to an hour earlier to get your table or you'll be standing. Happy hour is great, but you should call to make sure when it is because it seems to change from time to time. The specials on the menu are great too. Saturday, if you're a fan of pizza and wings is great price!I will be going back since the family loves the atmosphere.
