5	Basically the same food as the other locations. But it's a bigger place than the Flamingo location. They don't offer specials yet cause it just opened 3 weeks ago and the chefs are still getting used to the menu.  We ordered the work omelette, pork chops and mine was the carnitas rancheros. All the food was awesome. I ordered 2 over easy eggs and they arrived over hard. Our server Kenneth immediately resolved it and brought me 2 over eggs. So I had a total of 4 eggs with breakfast. All in all food, service and atmosphere was eggcellent!
5	Excellent restaurant. Try the Cincinnati chili. Best west of Indiana. Friends had steak and eggs, all cooked exactly as ordered. I had Cincinnati Chili skillet. Bran muffin is made fresh. The management was sampling pizza for customers and they were very tasty. I've had their lunch/burger and it is also first-rate. They have three locations and all have the same consistently high quality and friendly professional service.
4	HoOoray for a closer egg works location!If you love the other locations, you'll certainly love this one.  The food is the same, except for a few new items, like pizza.  One waitress informed us of a woodfire oven they had installed in the kitchen and gave us some samples to try of the Margherita pizza.  I was kind of skeptical.  But the pizza, I must admit, was pretty darn good.  The crust was thin and crisp and I especially loved the moderate chunks of sweet garlic throughout the slice.  She said they were still experimenting, so I wonder if they changed it.  I sure hope not though!So come here to get your usual breakfast fav or to try out their new pizzas.
5	CRACK POTATOES!So I was beyond excited to find that an Egg Works was going up near my house. I have frequented the other locations around town and have been a fan of the crack potatoes for quite some time. This location is perfect. It's got a couple of fireplaces and is much more cozy (in my opinion) than the other locations. Side note: this place was supposed to be the location of the Italian restaurant chain Carinos but apparently it failed to open. Thus, the building is brick on the outside and looks much different than the other locations. That being said, the food is delicious and consistent with other locations. I always order the Sausage patty, egg, crack potatoes and toast or banana muffin (depends on how I feel that day). The hubby always orders a skillet which is always way too much food. The service here is stupendous and everyone is very accommodating. The coffee is top-notch!
5	Wow!! The food was amazing, the prices are great since the portions are huge and the staff is super pleasant. The potatoes are amazing!! I really enjoyed the cute and cozy decor and the happy/sad egg for service is definitely cute. I wasn't sure how this place would be but I'm so glad that I went, they have really great food and it was very refreshing for a breakfast joint. Honestly, I don't feel that there are enough good breakfast/brunch/lunch places in Vegas but this is defintely at the top of my list for recommendations.
1	This place opened up near our house; and figured we would try it.  There isn't a lot of breakfast places around Vegas so it was nice to see one. We came in the day after Christmas around 8am.  There were about 3 other families seated, and we were seated right away w/ menus.  No one came by to ask us what we would like to drink; and considering it was early morning we needed our coffee fix.  We waited patiently and went through the large menu.  We decided what we wanted after 5 minutes and still no acknowledgement.  There were 4 waitresses by the bar.  It was ridiculous to wait there 10 minutes for someone to serve us; while the waitresses chatted at the bar and they were not busy.  We walked out; and ask the lady if anybody there was working.  We went across the street to Cracked Egg (the competitor), and was seated right away.  A waitress got our drink orders right away; and got our food w/in 10 minutes.  That's what you call great service! :)We will never go back there EVER!!  If you want great service go to CRACKED EGG.  Oh, and the setting at Egg Works was lame; tables were small and cheap looking.
5	Eggcelent food lol!! I was surprised with the quick turn around, in and out quick! The food was excellent quality, served piping hot, and with a warm smile from our nice waitress. I highly recommend the chile rellano (spelling?) omelet! Note: the plates are huge, my girlfriend and I split a plate and were stuffed.
4	Its like the other Egg Works, on Steroids.Everything I love about the other Egg Works (nice staff, addicting potatoes, good prices) is here, and MORE!  They have arcade games for the kiddos, so you can eat your breakfast without being harassed by your child (more than you need to be).  The restaurant is clean, nice, and has comfy booths; something the other Egg Works lacks.  This place gets packed on the weekends, so make sure you bring quarters while you wait; that pinball machine isn't going to beat itself.
5	The food was good on both occasions we've been here and I really liked the chile relleno omelette. Food wise they're a solid 4 stars and in close competition with the Cracked Egg down the street but there's something the Cracked Egg doesn't have...And that something is none other than Jennifer! The reason for the 5 stars is our favorite waitress Jennifer! She is absolutely, bar none the absolute best waitress we've ever had in Las Vegas!And if you're reading this we don't know her personally outside of work so don't think it's a biased, BS review. And if her boss is reading this give her a raise as she's fantastic!!! And if Jennifer's reading this Cash said to say hello :)
4	Always in search for good eats, I like to give credit where credit is due. Egg Works is one of those places. Their banana nut muffin to start your experience is awesome! Takes me back to a place when momma use to make banana bread. Oh right, the restaurant....could this be true? We were sited within 3 minutes of walking in on an early Saturday morning! What!!! When you walk in, you are taken back to maybe when you were a kid and your parents sent you to summer camps. It almost has a dining hall atmosphere with the exception of an arcade and tvs! Vettles - the potatoes are similar to the ones you find at Cracked Egg. Actually it's almost exactly like the Cracked Egg. Glad I live close to both of them! Their Greek Scramble was incredible, I don't mind that my tongue goes numb eating the spinach but the artichoke, chicken, feta make it that much better.As a breakfast fan, I highly recommend this place. We had to test the service by flipping the egg to the yellow side and the staff attended to us pretty quickly.
5	I give this place 5 stars, service is great. Food is good and this place actually makes a decent biscuits and gravy most places I try it's just not edible and they let me swap toast for the B&G. Only .95 up charge not a bad deal. I highly reccomend Egg Works to anyone that likes breakfast.
5	This is a follow up from my 1st review.We had a bad experience the 1st time we visited.  HOWEVER, the General Manager reached out to me after I posted a review on Yelp.com.  He had apologized and insisted we return.  We visited again, and had terrific service from one of the servers.  We were there on a busy Sunday morning; and expected to wait but, instead the host asked if we would like to sit at the the bar area.  The server was very friendly; we got food fairly quick considering it was busy.  They had plenty of servers available.  The seasoned potatoes were really good.  I would order those again.  We will definitely come back to try other other items on the menu.  They have a variety of breakfast items.
4	I'm always looking for new breakfast places and have never been to Egg Works so don't know if they are all the same but really enjoyed our breakfast here. The restaurant was very roomy with plenty of flatscreens with different sports channels or the news on. The menu was pretty extensive and styled after a newspaper( very cute!) The problem with me and new places is I love to read menus and if you give me a large one..could be a while before you get my order( plus i start to panic somewhat with the overwhelming amount of choices) so i buckled under the pressure and just got a basic 2 eggs over with bacon and potatoes with the banana muffin. Love love love the muffin! Came out warm with slightly toasty edges with great banana flavor! So yum. Hubby got a breakfast skillet with ham, mushrooms and cheese with 2 eggs over easy. Eggs were done perfectly and he seemed to enjoy it and said he would order it again. My eggs were also cooked perfectly and bacon was yummy (when is bacon not yummy?) the big surprise was the potatoes..diced very small and crispy with some seasoning i couldn't place right away. Then my husband said it tasted like bbq potato chips! Bingo thats what they tasted like! So so good. The service was also awesome ..very attentive. They have a cute little egg sign u flip over if you need anything and someone is over at your table in like 5 seconds! Love that! A neat feature to this place is they have a small arcade in the back with 3 pinball machines and a few video games. They had Addams Family pinball which happened to be one of my husbands favorites! Of course the challenge was on! its 50 cents for 1 game and only 75 cents for 2 players (bargain) . What do you guys think happened? Of course I let him win! ( men and their fragile egos you know! haha :)
5	After a hard workout on a Saturday morning this is the place to go for a good hearty breakfast. I was tempted to go for the pancakes w/cinnamon butter or the waffles, but decided to be good and split an omelet with my sister. OHH EMM GEE..It was super tasty! Blackened chicken, Artichokes, Feta, Spinach, Mushrooms, and Swiss cheese oh my!! It was simply amazing food. Our waitress was really sweet and although I only could eat about 10 lil pieces of potatoes, they left me extremely satisfied. I would advise anyone who loves breakfast to make a trip, it's totally worth it!
5	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (29 of 365). I have a lot of catching up to do!1 star = for the much larger establishment to account for all the waiting at the other Egg work establishments.  I am much happier at this location because the wait is not as long as other locations and no more than 30 minutes from what I have experienced so far.2 stars = wait staff.  They are always accomodating even for large groups.  They are always super friendly, courteous, and quick to answer to your egg of problems once you change your egg sign from happy to sad on your table.  It amazes me how they see it so quickly.3 stars = food.  They have a wide selection of breakfast and brunch items.  A couple of my favorites are the California Crepe, the Chicken Fried Steak, and the entire Aloha menu; especially the sausage.  Yum!  I always have a good experience for breakfast here and always leave fulfilled.4 stars = for their hazelnut coffee and banana nut muffin; when paired together with butter of course, it's breakfast in heaven.  Sometimes I get full from just this muffin.  An entree to share w/ a friend would suffice if you have this to start.5 stars = because they have a new schedule and are open past 3pm to serve brunch all day to 8pm! Yaye!
4	Awesome food as usual... Our server seemed to be a little over whelmed..
4	I like the fact that Egg Works opens at 6:00 am during weekdays! I arrived and there were several patrons present already. I asked the waitress what she suggested  and recommended the carnitas topped with eggs & served on a flour tortilla, potatoes and fruit.The carnitas was really tasty and my eggs were prepared perfectly over medium. I'm not a fan of the potatoes here for some reason. I think it might be the shape and seasoning they use. Just give me some crispy hash browns and I'm a happy dude. The sliced pineapple was super sweet and the quantity of my dish was huge. Couldn't even get close to finishing the entree.Overall a clean place with many options to choose from and solid service.
4	Went to this place the the day and was STARVING. I got the Cabo Breakfast Burrito - super yummy! The potatoes were perfect: crisp and well-seasoned just like breakfast potatoes should be. I also had a bite of banana muffin which was warm and tasty. They use good orange juice, not the crappy kind. I couldn't finish my meal because I was too full and debating about Kony 2012 with my friends, but if it weren't for Kony, I probably would have tried to finish it. Effing Kony, dude.... Our service was kind of slow, but it seemed like our waitress was just having one of those days where her mind was in a jumble. She was nice, so I don't count it against her. She made sure to bring me OJ to-go in a cup. Oh! The menu is a newspaper! I wanted to keep it but our waitress asked for it back. It is pretty unique and also fulfills the pun quota you would "eggs-pect" from a restaurant called "Egg Works." The bill came out to be around $16/person before tip. I think it was worth it for a lazy weekend breakfast. Definitely recommend!
5	Yummy food and great customer service!
4	Holy supermarket lighting Batman!  Yowza it's bright in here!  I know, I know, silly that this is my first thought on this delectable dining establishment, but my guest and I turned to each other at the same time upon entering to comment simultaneously on how bright this joint is. Make no mistake about it, you will not have trouble reading the menu in here.Moving right along, our famished selves were seated in a prompt fashion and our friendly waitress came to greet us moments after our post butt-in-seats maneuvers.  Our beverage order was taken and filled with a quickness, heaven forbid we wait long for our pot-o-coffee.  My mouth and I were quite pleased with the fresh squeezed OJ, and though the coffee was nothing special at all, just the fact that it was caffeine made me happy at that moment.A mushroom and Swiss omelet and veggie eggs Benedict order later, we enjoyed discussing the decor while our breakfast orders were prepared.  Farmland murals as far as the eyes could see; hey, it's hard to miss anything in that joint with the light as bright as they are. I also quite enjoyed their happy or sad faced egg option on the table. What the #$% am I talking about you say? Well, instead of doing that whole pesky walking by to ask if everything is OK you can flip your egg to a happy or sad face based on whether or not you need anything! My antisocial self enjoys that, in fact, I think clothing stores should implement this idea. The days of being asked a million times by every sales associate in the store, "are you finding everything OK?" would be over!Back to Egg Works: the food.My omelet was covered in cheese, in fact, I'm pretty certain there was more cheese on my omelet than egg. Have no fear, I merely peeled back the cheese layer and enjoyed my eggy/mushroomy omelet underneath. The breakfast potatoes were tasty, a little heavy on the seasoning but a great balance of crisp and softness.All in all, is Egg Works the most mind-blowing breakfast experience I've ever had, not really. I enjoyed the Cracked Egg a little better, but should I find myself on the West Side of town and craving a tasty breakfast eatery, I would most certainly dine at Egg Works again.Good eats, great service, those two things all by themselves are 4-stars alone these days!
2	My husband ordered New York Steak and Egg and I ordered Prime Rib Bene. I heard about the Prime Rib Bene and wanna try it and that's the only item I wanted that night off the menu.So the food came...... my husband found a hair on the steak when cutting it. He got grossed out and I got grossed out. I wanna throw up after seeing that hair though the hair wasn't on my plate. So I went out to grab the manager and told her about it. The manager felt bad and took away the steak and asked the kitchen to remake it for him. Then I am not sure if I was simply grossed out by that hair or my dish was really having problem. There were couple bites that felt very sandy on my mouth. At one point I couldn't tolerate the sandy feeling anymore so I told the manager about it. But I guess she was questioning in her head whether I was making it up after seeing her comping my husband's dish. She didn't look very nice when I was telling her about my concern of the sandy feeling. (I told her it was so grainy and asked if this dish was supposed to be like that, maybe I didn't state the problem clear enough making her wondering) But I really didn't make it up. Just too bad that the feeling was in my mouth, I couldn't really pick out anything that seemed sandy for her to see visually. But she did offer to remake it and at the end comped my dish too. (I hope they didn't spit on my food when they remake mine)It was a mix feeling. I felt bad for her needing to comp our meals, but I really couldn't tolerate that sandy feeling in my mouth when chewing my food, and my husband definitely couldn't tolerate eating a steak that had someone's hair on it. So we felt bad for the trouble they had to go through but at the same time it's really not our fault. The situation was a bit uncomfortable so we probably just won't go back, because we would just be worried if we would find anything again in the food if we go back there, and worry about if it will end up in an uncomfortable situation again....so might as well not to go back then.
4	Egg Works is notorious for a wait, but if you're a party that's three or less, this location can get you in and out. One of the more ideal places to go on the west side of town if you're looking for a full breakfast that has an over-abundance of sides, because for the price they offer, you get more than what you expect out of the portions (I would even go as far to say maybe even too much!)Ordered the vegetable crepe without the swiss cheese, and got sides of wheat bread and seasoned potatoes. The vegetable crepe is HUGE and delicious, and they give you more seasoned potatoes than you can need! If you're a bread lover, they'll give you five slices in this meal! As delicious as it was, I could only finish half of the entire plate. Service was fast and friendly, and is even more so when you sit at the bar top when it's just for two (another reason why I enjoyed it... in and out in no time!)I can understand how the unusual bright lighting could be a problem with enjoying your breakfast in that atmosphere (maybe they don't want hungover people enjoying too much time grubbing out in the mornings?), but the bright lighting didn't bother me whatsoever (and I appreciated it for waking me up some!) If the bright lights bother you, they have an outdoor porch area to enjoy the beautiful morning!One of the better Egg Works locations in Vegas, I was very satisfied!
5	Banging breakfast.  Delicious coffee with premium creamers upon request (French Vanilla or Caramel Macchiato**).  Love love love the caramel.  They have a book of a menu, which you really can't go wrong no matter what you pick.  My favorite is the Carnitas Ranchero.  Bonus points - they have a variety of hot sauce.  Just ask if you don't see it.It can get a little packed mid morning on weekends.  They have a little egg face that you can flip to notify the wait staff that you need service, and it actually works!
2	Aside from the fact that this location was supposed to be a johnny carinos italian and i am still bitter about that, i kept an open mind when walking in to egg works. The owners clearly dont have an ounce of designer in them and basically massacred what should have been a warm inviting interior by painting the walls bright white and ruining the beamed tray ceiling by adding stark ceiling tiles and fluorescents everywhere. If you want an ounce of ambience with your dining experience skip this place. We had a two for one coupon which actually only had a value of $8 which was a buck or two less than the cost of their breakfasts offered so not really two for one. i got the country benny and my hubby got the chicken fried steak. He liked his real well, my eggs were runny and the whites undercooked even though i ordered them over medium. The works potatoes were a disappointment too as the name implies loaded goodness but the actual side was deemed " the chicklet potatoes" as they were tiny square hard fried dry potatoes covered in paprika and seasoning salt. The one bright thing was the waitress who was cheerful and quick. I would stick to mimis or cracked egg both around the corner.
1	The service at this place is by far the worst service we've every received in this service industry town.Here's what we love: The food is great. The portions are very fair for what you pay. And that's why we've eaten there 4 times...... but.... here comes the bad....Here's what we hate: The location stinks for parking (remember to bring your walking shoes!). The stupid black/yellow egg thing is a cop-out excuse for lazy servers (flip it if you need anything - Here's my first 'why are we tipping you?'). If you like more than one drink, forget about ever getting that refill. It ain't comin. Actually, when you order a diet coke, expect that not to come either ("oops, I forgot" - Seriously breakfast ain't that hard, honey). You might as well forget your food too. Your dining partner may get theirs, but you'll have to wait 10 more minutes for yours without any type of acknowledgement; I suspect its normal because of the lack of reaction. The hostess' 2 out of our 4 visits acted as server assistants. The other 2, other servers brought our food. (Why are we tipping you, our server, when everyone else does your work?).  The cash register and hostess stand situation can make even the most non-claustrophobic person want to scream out 'stop touching me!' Crowded is an understatement.The last time we were in the server ignored us the entire meal, never said a word to us (with the exception of 'what can I get for you?' to take our order), but as she dropped the check tried to start some half-hearted dialogue about 'our plans for the rest of the day' (woman, I don't know you. And after ignoring us, this isn't going to save your tip).We'd love to talk to a manager..... but one never seems to hold any presence on the floor. (Is there even one?)
4	Very quick service and large portions. I like the happy egg and the unhappy egg indicator when you need something. Any team member will stop to help. A solid experience.
5	Our office moved over here a few months ago and I finally got to try this yesterday.  This place was great!  Since I went for lunch on a weekday the place was not busy at all and we were seated immediately.  I have to say the hostess was not pleasant at all.  Our waitress however, was fantastic.  All smiles and super helpful.  As others mentioned they have that little eggy thing that you can flip over for help, but I honestly forgot it was there because there was a constant stream of employees in the area always ready to grab whatever you needed.  And smiling, friendly employees, something I haven't seen in this city in years.We both ordered the stuffed french toast which is really just a french toast sandwich.  It had scrambled eggs and cheese in the middle.  I got mine with the Works potatoes which were fantastic - just the right seasoning.  My friend got hers with fruit instead.  The food was served super quick also.5 stars all the way for me!
2	I hardly ever feel like I waste money when eating out, but this place is an exception. They were good but my experience today solidifies my belief that this is a glorified truck stop gone chain. Our food wa greasy, undercooked and the toast--something a five year old can do right--was burnt. I ate quietly and left because it wasn't worth the energy to complain.  Needless to say, I shan't return.
1	Avoid this place. Went there on Saturday around 11:30 and was seated in the booth area because the main dining area was lit way too brightly by white fluorescent office light.  Ordered our drinks from the busser and then had three different waitresses try to take our order in the next several minutes. They seemed a bit confused, but were all very nice.   Ordered a corona from the busser.  We had no menus yet, so I asked how much it would be. He said $3.50. Menu said $4.50. Ordered the cabo breakfast burrito and the eggs benedict pizza.  Both were barely edible. The chorizo in the burrito was so overcooked that is was like ground beef left out overnight and tasted nothing like chorizo, salsa was out of a jar or can, there was maybe a tablespoon of sour cream on top, eggs were wet and rubbery, tortilla was old and the red sauce on top was like the stuff you get with the dollar frozen enchilada meals at the grocery store.  $10Pizza dough was not cooked through before the hollandaise sauce was put on so it was wet and rubbery. The sauce was lacking flavor and too salty. The eggs were cooked perfectly. Should have ordered three eggs. $13Breakfast potatoes were cubed and rolled in seasoned salt. More dry than crispy.  NO HASH BROWNS!  They did however have those potato pucks that McDonalds serves. Tab was just at $30 plus tip  when we were done. Waste of money.
4	Great service !!!   Too many items to choose from on the menu.   Good place for breakfast, especially since the portions are huge !!  Who needs a Las Vegas buffet, when you can fill up your belly with Egg Works cuisine.Coffee is pretty good here, too.  Only $2.75 for unlimited coffee.   Clean restaurants, ample parking, and right off of the freeway.   Far from the strip, but if you have a car, use it and drive over.TV's in the restuarant, too !!!!
1	Stopped by here on 6/10/12 and had a bad experience. I ordered the island breakfast plate with the Portuguese Sausage, Eggs and Rice. It was underwhelming and the plate looked like a picture with an abuse of negative space. The hash browns came out looking like they were a frozen product. A restaurant specializing in breakfast serving me something that looks and tastes like a frozen product is a bit of a pet peeve for me. Our toast was burnt, refills took too long, I was left wanting for a straw but our server disappeared. We got more service from the guy busing tables. We had the sad face egg up and finished our meal before anyone paid attention to us.It'll be a while before I return.
4	I'm not an egg person mainly stick with pancakes and waffles. I was genuinely excited to see that they had other items like burgers and pizza. I ordered the margarita pizza and it was delicious. I didn't even pick off the tomatoes.  Kudos to the staff. From the host to the servers, they were exceptionally friendly.  I would recommend Egg Works to all of my friends.
3	I decided to give Egg Works another try, even though I didn't like the one on Sunset and Eastern, because ...I don't know because I was hungry!This place was much better than its other locations.  We were actually greeted and seated like regular people, our order was taken quickly, our drinks were refilled, and the food came out fast.I ordered the bacon and avocado omelette and it was pretty good.  But the most amazing thing ever about this place was their potatoes.  mmmmmm.  Real good stuff!Not too bad an experience, food was ok overall, and it lost a star because we had to ask for silverware a few times.  However, unlike the other location, I would probably go back here for a quick and cheap bite to eat because honestly, I LOVE my breakfast food!
2	Ive been to many a different egg works.  this review is for this specific location -every other would probably get 5 stars.  the service was prompt as per usual in all the locations.  crowded on the weekend as is also usual (we sat at the bar).  parking here is a little trickier. but we were lucky and got a spot out front.i wanted 2 eggs over medium, toast, and potatoes, bc their taters are just so darn good.  i also wanted one chocolate chip pancake.  when i placed my order with our waitress she told me to get some combo that is the same thing but comes with a meat and 2 pancakes. that it would end up being cheaper. i dont really eat breakfast meat but my brother in law said he would eat it. so i got it. when my food came, my eggs werent cooked right. and, AND, there were no taters with my meal. which is pretty much the best part of their breakfast.  i didnt complain bc i was hungry and didnt want to wait, so i ate some of it but really just ate the pancakes.  the pancakes were good. overall i ended up spending $15 for 2 pancakes. i most likely should have complained.i would go back to this location just bc it is the most convenient. but i'll watch out for the waitress, and send my food back if it isnt done right. and until i go back they are keeping the 2 stars.oh, and the sauce that comes with the breakfast stromboli, really just tastes like tomato paste.
5	Thank you to Egg Works and Assistant Manager Rochelle for remarkable service. I take my elderly father-in-law here once a week because no matter how busy they are, they ALWAYS make room for his wheelchair or walker. They offer a 30% discount for vets, which is what all businesses should do! Excellent service, amazing food, and discounts for veterans! This is the ONLY place I go for breakfast!
2	Extremely noisy environment but should be expected from a family location. It took an hour for us to receive our food (one of the worst feelings in the world is watching people who were sat well after you, receive their food first). They had apparently "lost" our ticket in the window. They did pay for our drinks (one mimosa and two orange juices), but overall, we were tired and not looking to wait around an hour for sub par food. Two stars for our server who was a nice guy and tried to make the situation tolerable. I'll go to The Cracked Egg down the road 10/10 times.
4	Living in North Vegas, it's a drive out of our way to eat here for breakfast, but we've done it more than once, as we prefer it to Egg & I on Sahara.There's a bit more room to breathe in this location -- people aren't bumping their asses into you while you're trying to eat your bacon and the staff is ultra friendly and FAST!We went this past Saturday, ordering an omelette and a classic breakfast. Before we even finished checking in online, our meals were in front of us -- almost TOO fast, actually. I hardly had time to enjoy my coffee. But we couldn't blame them for being efficient. We usually end up taking half of our breakfast home and making breakfast tacos for dinner with the leftovers, so it's a great deal at roughly $24 (considering we get two meals out of it). I do take issue with the frozen cubed season-salt "homestyle" potatoes they server (just like Egg & I). I wish they would make fresh hashbrowns. The parking can be a little tricky, but there's plenty of places to park if you're willing to walk more than 10 feet.  This is part of the regular rotation of breakfast joints now, for sure.
4	This is usually my go-to breakfast after a long night of drinking/partying. It's close to my house, the service is always good, and the food is consistently tasty. I have tried many different menu items including the Eggs Benedict, the country fried steak skillet, the banana bread french toast, the classic breakfast, and the avocado/bacon omelette. The food always comes out fast and the portions are very big. This isn't "the greatest breakfast on the planet" but it hits the spot every time and I have never ordered something I didn't end up enjoying. I really, really love their sourdough toast. And, their "breakfast potatoes" are absolutely phenomenal. The seasoning is delicious. Plan and simple: you cannot go wrong with breakfast here.
5	My favorite local place for breakfast.
3	Food was good,but seriously I pay $10 for pancake,eggs,and only 2 slice of bacon.not worth $10:(
5	This is my favorite local breakfast place! I have been to Egg Works several times now and they never fail to impress me. They get an A+ in all respects - atmosphere, price, service, and of course, food.The restaurant is easy to access and find. It is near Rainbow and 215 across from Arroyo Crossing Shopping Center. The restaurant is a good size and we've never had to wait too long even on a Sunday morning. A huge plus in my book is they are very kid friendly! They provided a car seat sling at our table, and we didn't even have to request it.Service has been consistent every time. We've had different servers and all of them have been friendly and efficient. When I order coffee, they leave a coffee pot at the table so I don't have to wait for refills. Their coffee is always fresh and tastes so good. I like they provide different flavors of creamer too.I'm not a banana fan but I love, love, love their Banana Nut Muffin! It is so moist and the banana taste is not overpowering. I have tried several items on their menu and have been happy with my order most of the time. The last time I ordered the Prime Rib Benedict and the hollandaise had way too much lemon. My husband ordered the Country Fried Steak Skillet and that was to die for! Their potatoes are seasoned very well. Their serving portions are generous.Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day, and the fact that Egg Works gets five stars in my book, is not to be taken lightly.
1	Food was great as always, but we sat on the patio since it was a beautiful morning.  There were several families out there and we all were already eating.  Another couple walked in and started smoking - they were the only ones smoking and we were not the only ones it was bothering.  We asked about it being allowed and the server said she wasn't sure the situation when it was bothering other patrons so she got a manager.  Manager said she would move us inside.  So we were sitting there finishing our meal, they had just walked in and WE were the ones inconvenienced and given the "opportunity" to move?  Thanks, just the check please.  No apology, nothing.  I don't enjoy my morning coffee with someone else's secondhand smoke.
4	This is a great breakfast place. The chili rellano omelet is amazing. Very good pricing too. I highly recommend it definitely a great spot for a great sunday breakfast. :) The servers always seem to be nice as well which is a great way to start the morning.
4	great place. been here three times so far..the french toast was great but the cinnamon apple pankcakes are awesome..i was gonna try something else last time i went but had to have them again. very fast service and good prices.
4	This place is EGGsellent!So i decided to have breakfast here with a friend of mine on the rainbow location.Location is great located near the 215 kinda far from me but a perfect meeting point for people that live on opposite sides of town.The place looks great everything is clean that's what i normally look for before i enter an establishment. Place smells great, smells like breakfast, a great aroma.The place is a little bit loud but, you are still able to hold a conversation with your party without screaming your lungs out.I normally have the eggs benedict but decided to try something different. the Loco Moco. To be honest i was a bit disappointed. For the price i paid for the Local breakfast plate which included spam and eggs the serving was small. The plate cost me around $9+ and i was seriously disappointed! Well at least i know now not to order that plate, I hope someone from that restaurant reads this and makes changes to their Hawaiian plates. If someone from hawaii ordered that dish they will be starving after eat it.Overall the service was great., The staff knew when our table needed attention, because they have those EGG markers , which indicate if we needed something. They were on top of that.I still give this place a 4 star because aside from their terrible hawaiian local plate dish their other dish the eggs benedict was the bomb! and their racheros potato is really good too.This is by far one of my favorite breakfast places and i still highly recommend this place if you are craving a good breakfast! Just remember if you are going to order the hawaiian plates it will be small!
4	Good food, good service, good price...We both had the Sundance omelet made with egg beaters.  It was awesome and huge.  The servers only come over when you flip the egg stand over, so there were there when you needed attention and left you to your conversations when you didn't. It was a good experience. I'd totally eat there again and take others with me.
3	egg works lives up to the chains rep . but i ate at the counter which i dont like because the staff always bullshits by the line and i hate it when i hear other resturants gossip and rif raf sucks but other then that my eggs where eggs my toast was toasted and my coffee was hot cant ask for more from a breakfast place
5	The best place for breakfast. When you come here, be ready to wait a few minutes to get a table. Once you're seated get ready to feast on an awesome breakfast. The three piggies omelette or any of the skillets are very, very good.
1	Food is good and service was good. Food is more expensive than IHOP.Me and my wife returned several weeks later and she finds hair in her food. We will NOT return.
4	My regular: The Classic- 2 eggs, potatoes, toast and I order a side of turkey sausage.The staff at this location is much younger, the hipster kind and they are quite friendly. Even the clientele is much younger. My food is consistently prepared and my experience dining here is always a positive one. Two thumbs up, way up!!
4	One of the better Egg Works locations. The restaurant is more roomy and less crowded than others and I enjoy the ambiance quite a bit more. Even better, on a Sunday morning they were airing quite a few football games so my fella didn't feel like he was missing out too much by helping me satiate my breakfast food craving. There was a bit of a wait, but once seated we were asked by three separate servers in a 2 minute period for our drink orders, so I was already optimistic on the service. My fella and I both went with iced teas which they were refilled regularly. I ordered the sundance omelet and my fella went with the quiche pizza. The quiche pizza was tasty, although I probably wouldn't recommend it simply because I would prefer more egg and less dough in my breakfast. My sundance omelet was really good. Cooked exactly as I requested and had lots of veggies and cheese in it. I also got cottage cheese in place of the potatoes. I've never been a fan of their potato spices, so this was a great decision on my part. Overall, our meal was excellent and we both left full and happy. Service bordered on over-attentive, but I dare not complain about that as I would prefer that to servers who are completely inattentive. I don't see myself becoming a regular here, but with a coupon for Groupon, I'm always happy to come out for breakfast.
4	Want a nice, hearty breakfast? The try this place. From breakfast pizza to Cincy chili spaghetti you are sure to find something on the menu you will love. If you are in the mood for a meat lovers omelet, try the three piggy omelet...it is packed with ham, bacon and sausage and it is delicious. The coffee is amazing and the service is great. If you are coming here on a Saturday or Sunday make sure to expect a wait of up to 30 minutes because the place is ALWAYS packed...a testament of how awesome it is.
3	My girl had a Groupon so we tried this place for breakfast. They have pretty basic breakfast food options and they get pretty crowded on the weekends. I tried the quiche pizza which could have been better. Just not enough flavor to keep me interested. Service was good and refills kept coming. I felt a bit rushed towards the end when I was still eating and our waitress brought us takeout containers to wrap up our leftovers. I'd come back with another coupon.
5	What can be said about Egg Works other than our whole Family loves it and we bring all out of town visitors to eat here and they all agree... This place is the best of the best for breakfast and lunch!! Stop by for a muffin or enjoy they're AWESOME Fall Menu!! My 7 month old cant get enough of the beef stew. She's addicted. So am I. Service, food, atmosphere, it's all good here everyday of the week. *weekends are busy but worth the wait if you have the time *
4	Went here on a Friday morning at approximately 10:00 AM. We got seated fairly quickly, even though the place was quite full.We had a really great service, our server Nicole did a really great job attending to our needs and getting our food out quickly. Since it was our first time, it took us a while to sift through the menu, which looks like a newspaper. I liked that, so unique!There were so many choices, it was hard to decide. We got the "works" skillet and the mashed potato omelet. Both were delicious! The banana nut muffin was so good, I wish we could have had more of that. I want to go back here!
3	My boyfriend and I took a trip here yesterday figuring we wanted a decent breakfast. I was there once before but I don't remember what I grabbed. This time I got the cinnamon raisin french toast. I'm not sure what they do different but I wasn't a fan of the french toast. Maybe it was just that day. I REALLY couldn't drink the coffee, it's free refills on coffee so I thought I would at least enjoy a cup o' java that morning. It was so horrible we had to as for the manager, Rochelle, she took care of it. She came back with a fresh pot of coffee, we tried it the second time with International Delight Flavored Coffee Creamer.  I hope they decide to get a different blend of coffee. I won't ever get it again.
4	I love Egg & I, so whenever I'm in town I have to go there.   However, this place was closer to where my friend lives.  It's essentially the same menu, same vibe.If you've been to Egg & I  then this place will be very familiar.  We went New Years Eve for brunch.  I think we got there at the right time because the line to pay was LONG and the line to be seated was practically non existent.  We were seated right away.Our server came quickly and was quite friendly.  We ordered our food and in less than 10 mins our food came out, just like at Egg & I.  We'll be back!
3	Been before there are so many variations in LV of this place it gets a bit confusing. Solid breakfast food at reasonable prices. Great home fries/tatters and their white gravy is delicious.
4	This place is a good breakfast joint. I've been here a few times and have gotten various things and I don't have really any complaints about it. Service is okay and pretty much have had an overlall friendly experience which is never a bad thing. I do like that this place is open later compared to other breakfast joints. So if you do wake up later you don't have to rush to the place. I do recommend getting the banna nut muffin though. It's pretty good.
2	This Egg Works has been a breakfast go-to for the gf and I for sometime.  We usually go at least once a month.  This latest visit has us thinking they will no longer be part of the rotation.The gf went with one of her usual favs - the chicken enchilada omelet ( about $9.)  Instead of toast she opted for the banana muffin ( the star of the show - moist, dense, warm, nice flavor .)  The omelet was ....boring ( i think it's simply played out )  And the one issue we always have with the savory breakfasts - the seasoned potatoes - presumably diced potatoes thrown in the fryer then throw on some seasoned salt - no thanks !A first for me - i bought into the menu BS that the burgers were the best in town- i went with the patty melt - simply put, it sucked.  Small over-cooked burger, the smallest piece of cheese i've ever seen on a burger and no FLAVOR.  note to self, if i ever eat at egg works again - pass on the burgers !We do like the flavored creamers for the coffee .... that and the banana nut muffin are insufficient for a return visit.  The SW breakfast choice are limited !pics added
2	Location on Rainbow/215 area. More than once I have been here, sure they're fast when getting seated but after they seat you they take your drink order and you wait 15mins to get it. Then you're waiting and additional 15mins just to place an order!!!! Maybe I'm just being irrational because I have a two year I need to feed and keep entertained.
5	Might be the best breakfast in Vegas. What a huge menu. The bandito scramble is awesome. Fresh & A+ counter service.
2	Not my choice for breakfast. Only reason I've come here is Amy C. likes this place for breakfast and being the good friend that I am, I oblige. I've been here and waited an obscene amount of time, and I've been here and seated right away. The menu isn't impressive. I swear it takes me longer to decide on what to eat than it does for them to prepare it. I've tried the Eggs Benedict and don't think anything of them. I am not a fan of breakfast potatoes, I prefer hash browns. That's a big negative on this place. I was craving banana walnut pancakes one time and I asked if they could make them, so I receive my pancakes with bananas and walnuts on top off the pancakes. What the heck? Shouldn't they be mixed in with the pancake batter? I know I had a perplexed look on my face and the waitress wasn't interested in asking me what the problem was.  I feel the food here is comparable to IHOP or Denny's, no quality. I also dislike that you have to go up to the counter to pay. Why can't I leave my check and the tip on the table and leave when I'm done! I can only hope I can talk Amy C. into Cracked Egg instead.
5	What's not to like?  Breakfast is the best meal of the day and this place does it right!  I can usually find a coupon for a buy-one-get-one-free meal (up to 8 dollar value) in the weekly View newspaper.  GREAT value.  They have a huge menu with lots of choices, including lunch options (burgers, sandwiches, etc.).  The omelets and a few other meals have the option of either toast or a homemade banana nut muffin and I'd be doing you a disservice if I didn't emphasize how freakin' awesome the muffin is!  It's served warm and fresh before your meal comes so if you're starving going into the place choose the muffin to get you started.  Also, the potatoes are perfectly seasoned and totally addicting.  I couldn't leave one tiny morsel behind, even if I wanted to. The decor is cute and has a country feel.  There is a condiment tray on your table that has a little egg on it to signify if you're OK and don't need your server (black egg that smiles) or if you need something from your server (yellow egg that frowns lol).  Cute touch! The service was decent - no complaints there.  If you have a coupon and are around for breakfast or lunch then you just can't lose coming here!
5	I come here once a week the staff is very helpful and kind! The food is also very good and The staff lets me continue reading even after I finished my breakfast. They even offer to refill my coffee when most restaurants ignore you after they take the plate away.
3	Egg Works has become my go-to place for breakfast when I don't wish to stray far from my neighborhood. The interior is reminiscent of a greasy spoon with dark and uninspiring bland colors. The ambience doesn't do much to perk one's appetite and mood during breakfast. On the condiment tray, there's a smiley egg and a frowny egg graphic that indicates whether or not you require more service. A.k.a, get their attention. The service can be friendly or you can also end up with a snooty waitress that tells you they don't do the frowning egg anymore. Well, why do you put it on the table then?Can't give an opinion on their lunch items but their omelettes are pretty good. Overall, the food is decent and the banana muffin that comes with some meals will be bringing you back.
3	I get the sense that your experience with this place will depend on what you order.I personally ordered the banana pancakes and asked the waitress if the pancakes were "mixed in" the batter. She said yes, but I guess I should have asked if they were mashed.  When they came to the table it was slices of banana within the cake, however underneath the banana was uncooked batter.  So eating around that part the pancakes were just "OK".I did however taste my friends banana bread french toast and it was really good!  if the waitress wasn't trying to rush us out of there and I would have ordered his dish, I would give this place 4 stars.
3	We came in here on a busy Saturday morning and were sat right away.  The staff was nice and friendly, but slightly inattentive. My friend ordered an omelette that looked and apparently tasted amazing, except that he ordered a side of sausage and instead of giving him a SIDE, they put in the omelette.  When he told our server, the server just said, "oh sorry, I thought you wanted it inside the omelette," and never brought a side! LOL. I ordered a Works Skillet and was disappointed.  It was all potatoes and barely any bacon or sausage. I ate the eggs and as much of the sausage and bacon as I could find and when I was done, it looked like I had barely made a dent because there was so much of the potatoes.The coffee was good though and the food was cheap, but I'd venture over the 215 to the Cracked Egg instead!
4	My Mother love it great place.
4	Cute little place in Vegas. The best part about this place is the Local Hawaiian Menu they have with SPAM breakfast meals and Loco Mocos! OMG if you are from the islands or you're familiar with those breakfast eats than this is a great place to eat.The service was great, the place was clean and well kept, the prices were good, and it's family friendly.I went here with my family and they were so accomodating for the babies and little ones with us. They were very attentive but not in an annoying way, and they got all our food out quickly!I would go here again for sure, there were so many things I wanted on the menu, but I just couldn't order all of them!
1	Pet friendly? If you can get a patio table along side of the fence you can leave the pets OUTSIDE the fenced patio area. The pets have to sit on a sidewalk where people are regularly walking by. I don't consider this pet friendly.
5	Best Breakfast in Las Vegas... Seriously you must go to Egg Works when you visit Las Vegas.   For all military personnel they give you 30% off your total bill  Some of my favorites include; The Classic, over medium with Chorizo. The Chili Verde Omlette and The Loco Moco!
4	I have only been here once but the time i was there was amazing. The food was really great and the staff was very friendly. I went at about 1pm on a sunday so there was a grip of people coming from church, yet it wasnt very packed at all
4	Something a little different if you want a quick breakfast, and are sick of the typical chains.  Extensive menu, and everything that passed by looked good.  No complaints from any of my dining partners either.  AND they serve bloody mary's and the like in case one is in need of a morning after drink.  Good prices, and FAST service.  Not great service, but friendly and fast.  We had to stop the servers to ask for things.  But overall a good breakfast.  I will definitely be back!
1	Last time I ordered for pick up they forgot my muffin. Now I ordered wafflesWith strawberries then my mom picked up my order when she got home they forgot my strawberries. I guess I'll drive a little further for cracked egg from now on.
5	We hit Egg Works right after we arrived on a morning flight - a friend lives close by and suggested we meet up there.  We were dying for a decent breakfast before we checked in at our hotel.   Food was FABULOUS - best country gravy I've ever had.  Eggs were done perfectly (I'm a freak about eggs being well scrambled - no runny stuff) and my husband had the excellent corned beef hash.  And yes, the banana nut muffin was delicious.  :)  Will definitely visit again next time we're in town.
1	Very dissapointed! No comparison to the cracked egg which is right down the street. Food is bland! Nothing special about this place at all!
3	Average at best, I was recommended this place  by a collegue. We got the traditional american breakfasts: Corned beef hash, eggs, potatoesMeat lovers omelete. The omelete lacked flavor, don't ask how that is possible but this place did it. My corned beef hash was very salty, it was made in house but they should probably revert back to the canned kind. They have buckwheat pancakes which can be gluten free, when I asked the waitress about it she had no idea. I didn't want to take a chance so I let it lie. Food came out quick and it was decent priced. I am sure if you have their hispanic oriented breakfast it may be better. They do have a large menu, lot's of options to choose from.
5	My favorite breakfast spot!!
5	Great staff. Quick and Great food. Very low waiting time. Simply VERY good food and VERY nice staff.
5	This is my favorite place for breakfast! On most days, the parking lot is pretty full... and you will see why! The staff is very welcoming and have no problem helping you. The ambiance is unique; lots of people chattering, yet cozy and comfortable. There are several seating areas: the main/center area, booths along the walls, darker and more private areas, as well as an outdoor area. There are also multiple TVs mounted on the walls. On each table, they also have the Bubba Gump style service where you flip the black/yellow egg and someone will quickly come and help you.First off, their dishes are really big. Each dish can easily feed two people. If you are a smaller person, I would recommend getting a half order of something. My favorite dish on the menu comes from their small Hawaiian menu: Portuguese sausage, eggs, and rice. They also have perfectly made loco moco as well as the haole loco moco. My second favorite would be the Spinach Benny (eggs benedict, served with spinach plus hash browns, which is also very tasty). They have a variety of dishes: omelets, waffles, toast, scrambled eggs, crepes, parfaits... and that's just from their breakfast menu!Overall, I give this place 5 stars, based on their menu, their staff, and their location.
3	I must have ordered the wrong thing. Got the biscuits and gravy with a side of bacon. Everything tastes like it was cooked on top of an abandoned salt mine. Super salty gravy, super salty potatoes, and flat gown coffee. Hit the Cracked Egg on north side of 215, much better food.
4	Its our family's weekend spot even withy grandparents.the service was very friendly but little bit slow and i like the smileFace ;) we ordered french toast , omelet was gooood , but dont order some savory crepe ... And tuna sandwich. I love thier coffee
5	So glad to have this place in the neighborhood! We love going here for a yummy weekend breakfast. The potatoes are the bomb!
4	Two things I uphold above all in my reviews:Customer service & food (quality, taste, veg options)When I first walk in to order food to-go door girl or Naomi from what I spotted greets me with a scowl on her face and asks if I want a table. No, ordering out. can I have a menu please? she says "Order at the counter" ... Can-I-have-a-menu-PLEASE?"Oh, u want a menu.... here. " she hands me a stack. I put the overflow back. She's still scowling. Finally, I decide what I want and approach the counter/cooking area. Sunny takes my order with a cheerful smile on her face and was extremely helpful in putting together a combo option for what I was ordering and directing me that when I was ready I could pay and pick up my food at the front where I originally was. I thanked her and went back to pissy pants. Door girl doesn't even smile, says "You ready to pay?"... then as I take a seat in the waiting area, I wasn't sure if Sunny knew where I was sitting but I noticed her maybe 10 minutes later with an order looking around. I ask door girl if my order is ready and she literally rolls her eyes and says "She'll bring it over when it's ready lady"..... (these dots represent the angered pause in my head)Finally, a different waitress approaches me and asks what I ordered and subsequently brought me the order as Sunny was held up with another guest. As I leave, Sunny had run outside to find me still in my car and politely said "You forgot your strawberries!" I thanked her and the 3rd waitress for their polite and prompt customer service. Sunny should be appreciated or promoted to show her level of excellent customer interaction. it was very pleasant!Naomi "door girl" should be fired. In a customer facing role as the first person that guests see and that first impression that is crucial for return business, she is seriously offering a lack of enthusiasm and disservice. I am a return guest because I do love the quality of food here, and this location is close to my home and the hours offered for late breakfast! but customer service is about 50/50 currently with her as the "face" of Egg Works.
4	The wait service has been a little shaky lately but the food makes up for it.  I eat here every two weeks with my networking meeting team and I never go wrong with the Denver omelette!  Hash browns and english muffin on the side.  The biscuits n gravy rocks too.
5	Great service and clean establishment!
4	It's definitely better than going to Denny's!There's many locations in Vegas and the staff is always very friendly.  I've ordered most if not  all the different omelet selections on the menu and they're all pretty good.  My favorite is the cheese, avacado with bacon!  SO good.  All their meals have big portions and come with the option of getting seasoned potatoes, which is half the reason I go in the first place.    DON'T MISS: They offer you a banana muffin with most meals, and it's the best I've had in Vegas.  Always fresh and fluffy.
5	Loved it!!!! Food is amazing!!! The atmosphere is not very appealing, but the staff and delicious food sure make up for that! The staff is friendly and inviting, and our waitress anticipated our needs very well.The strawberry cream-cheese french toast is an absolute must. I would get all the dressings on the side that way you can add it to your own liking. Also the portions are gigantic! Either come with an empty tummy and big appetite, or share with your friend.
5	Love this place! It is sooooo much better than The Cracked Egg down the street. Usually this chain restaurant has a long wait, but being that this particular restaurant is so spacious, there hardly ever is a wait. Don't judge the crowdedness from the parking lot like I once did. I decided to go to The Cracked Egg and regretted it. Their banana nut muffin is amazing!
5	I am so happy that this location is on the south side of town!! I can come in for a banana nut muffin whenever my heart desires now:)This location strives in all aspects of a breakfast spot in my opinion...-Friendly staff-Quick service-Delicious foodI understand that I am pretty understanding when it comes to service since I am in the industry...BUT...That doesn't change the fact that Egg Works is great. They impressed me in my grumpiest state...which is in the mornings ...when I have to wake up and start my day ...*sighs* I've ordered pretty much something from every part of their menu over the years but my favorite has to be their eggs benedict...SO DELICIOUS...they serve their seasoned racheros potatoes with most of their dishes which is another highlight of the place.All of their omelets are amazing but beware...their portions are HUGE. Which is probably the only reason I don't order an omelet every time I come. They will also do all egg white omelets upon request for a few dollars extra. A MUST HAVE...Do not skip out on their banana nut muffins...I don't care if you're on a diet or you just don't like muffins...you HAVE TO get one...They are served warm,fresh, and delicious.Egg Works is just adorable. The layout of the restaurant is great and the atmosphere is family oriented and kid friendly. One of my favorite parts is their egg sign on every table to notify servers that they need service. One side is an egg with a happy face if you are doing great and the other side is a sad face if you need something.
3	The food quality is average, the portions are large, and the service was on point. My friend and I went in for lunch and it was SUPER busy, which usually is a good sign. We were seated only with a short wait but the wait for our food took a pretty long time. It didn't really bother us, as it was expected, but the server brought our check and said goodbye before we were even half way done with our food. She told us not to rush, and we're looking at each other like, uhhh, we wont. You took your time bringing us the food and we are going to take our time eating it.She had the tuna which was pretty bland so she had to add some hot sauce to it. Our fries were tiny which we weren't really a fan of, either. But my cheeseburger was pretty good.
4	Went here because I heard they had pinball and lo and behold they did!  They had three machines: Austin Powers, Rollercoaster Tycoon and Popeye.  I hadn't really played Austin Powers before so I played it and it played fine as far as I could tell. I was nicely full from my Santa Cruz Breakfast Burrito which was pretty massive and tasty!  I got it with hash browns and cut those up and mixed them in with each bite of the burrito and sour cream, yum!   It was totally out of my way from where I was staying but I liked the homey feel to the place and it also seemed like a legit locals spot.
5	Hello to all Yelpers!We showed up an hr before close and our waitress forgot to put in our food order. We were pretty upset and on a time crunch but couldn't do anything about it. We flipped the unhappy face on the table and made it known that we were not happy. Marc, came to us to ask if things were ok.. so we told him our issue. He was very sorry, comped our whole meal, had the waitress come by to give us a genuine apology and also gave us muffins while we waited for our food. The food came after 5-7 min and he always surprised us with a carrot cake that was wrapped all pretty in a blue shear wrap.My reaction was, "wow!" I've never had a person redeem themselves and represented the the quality of this restaurant as much as he did. I was floored by how he handled the situation. He smiled the whole time and was a true professional. We left a fat tip for the waitress and appreciated the the special treatment. We love Egg works always enjoyed our time at this location. We have been known to stop going to diners because of bad service and such. Egg Works kept my business and I wanted to share my great experience with others just to show that even in this busy diner, you can still get 5 star service and smiles from all the staff.. Thank you Marc for your amazing super service! Because you made a difference. People like you bring success to any service driven industry. If we owned that type of business, we'd have to steal you away from Egg Works.. You are a true asset to the company and i hope they know how lucky they are to have you!Greatly appreciated customers, Sami and Scott
3	I've eaten at other Egg Works and I do enjoy the food here (their served hot Banana Nut Muffin is the Bomb) but today our food was lacking a little. The GFs Egg Benedict was bland and just not satisfying. That may of been my fault for not building up the breakfast here and her craving Egg Benedict for over a week.  My Omelet was good but it seemed like it was missing something; I think it needed salsa or refried beans it was a Mexican omelette after all.It was the first time I remember having to pay at the door on the way out. I definitely didn't like having to get up after eating a big breakfast and stand in line at a crowded entrance to be allowed to leave. What if I didn't have cash to leave a Tip at the table and didn't want to put it on one of my cards? I'd have to go back to tip and fight my way out the restaurant... It was very inconvenient. Inconvenient is an understatement for the shard parking lot with a busy McDonalds and a fairly busy shopping plaza. Get there before the rush times and parking shouldn't be an issue.
4	My go to breakfast place... It makes you feel like you aren't in Vegas anymore. The ambiance is great, the staff is attentive and the menu is extensive. I love their bloody Mary's and they even sell the mix and hot sauces!!! The eggs Benedict is one of my favs!! Can't wait for the weekend and to make a visit to this place again!
4	Much to my surprise, the food was great and the portions large. The cheese was melted on top of my omelet, a different touch. The rye toast was excellent marbled rye. Service was fast and friendly. A good choice for breakfast in Vegas
5	Always great service and great food! Parking isn't great but they have a fast turnaround so there isn't too long of a wait.
5	This place has a lot of egg options. and I mean.. a lot. I think they had 4-5 pages worth of different types of breakfast. I was a bit.. overwhelmed.I ordered the Biscuits and Gravy with eggs and bacon. It was freakin' amazing. It's possible that I could have been hungover and anything hearty tasted good. That said, I'd still come back to try out their other options.Anyhow, there's no wait on a Monday, and the waitresses were very attentive and kind. Food arrived promptly and we were on away shortly after we scarfed down our breakfast.
5	I love Egg Works.This is the first time I've been to this location, and they did not disappoint. It was PACKED on a Saturday morning, but the wait time was estimated at about 10 minutes.7 minutes later we were seated.I'd been dying to try Eggs Benedict for weeks.  I found a recipe online that I want to try, but I'd never had it before, and had no idea what a hollandaise sauce was supposed to taste like. I ordered the Spinach Benny, which is the traditional EB dish, with spinach leaves.I DEVOURED it.  It was so tasty!  The English Muffin was delicious, the Canadian Bacon was flavorful, and the eggs were poached to perfection.  I just love when the yolk oozes out nice and slowly...I love poached eggs.  So much.The hollandaise was light, delicate and YUMMY!  I can only hope that my own turns out this good.The works potatoes served on the side were delicious too, and were seasoned very well.I will definitely be back.
5	One of the best places to eat breakfast!! Super good and so many options! Customer service is always on point!! :) must try!
3	Wife and I tried this place out. Service was top notch. Quickly got seated and was taken care of the whole time. My issue with the place was the food. I ordered the works and my wife ordered the grilled cheese. The food is very very oily. Both my wife and I had a stomach ache after words.  They need to cut down on the oil and cheese and this place will be a 5 star spot for me.
4	I'm from Hawaii so whenever I come to the mainland, I make sure I get my fill of biscuits and gravy and oh my, Egg Works has THE biscuits and gravy.The gravy is so flavorful and it goes perfect with the fluffy biscuits! I practically closed my eyes while biting into this. It was a very generous portion, I couldn't even finish it. I ordered it with the potatoes but the seasoning didn't really go well with the biscuits and gravy so I gave the rest to my boyfriend but the eggs and link sausages were perfect.I also love that they gave a pot of coffee so that I could refill myself.Customer service was great, our waitress kept checking up on us and making sure we were doing okay. Can't wait to come back!
5	Good breakfast but I think tables need to be a little bigger since foods are served in big plates .. But Keep it up !!
4	Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day and I tell you the meals are huge and tasty.  If you have a big appetite this is the place for you.  If you do not have a huge appetite, I recommend splitting the meal if you come with someone else, which will lower the price significantly.  The reason why I did not give egg works a 5 star was because of the price, which unfortunately is consistent with all the other good breakfast establishments. If you don't mind taking a break from usual toast, please please please try out the banana nut muffin.  It is amazing.Overall I recommend egg works but if you can split it with someone.  Otherwise you're going to have a massive breakfast to start off your day.
4	Everything is so good. All the Benedict's, omelette's, skillet's are delicious. Huge fan of their seasoned potatoes. But the star is definitely the banana nut muffin. Can't say enough good things about it. Love the banana but muffin!!! Whatever you get, you can't go wrong. Everything is tasty.
4	Inexpensive and pretty good. As a Paleo eater, it can be difficult to eat at restaurants but you can't go wrong with some eggs, sausage, veggies, and they'll always give you a side of avocado if you ask. I usually get a skillet, which is eggs, meat, veggies, some cheese and fried potatoes. It's delicious. I have a friend who tried their pizza and declared it absolutely horrible. Surprise! It's called Egg Works, not Pizza Works. Don't come here expecting mastery of baked goods unless those goods are dedicated breakfast items. Since most of their dishes revolve around the same ingredients as my skillet combined in new and interesting ways, I feel safe in presuming that since my skillet is good all the other things will be relatively good as well.My biggest complaint against this place is that when you ask for an egg over-medium, you're going to get over-hard. It boggles my mind that a place that specializes in EGGS can't properly cook an egg. C'est la vie.
2	Tip#2: make sure you let them know you're steping away & you are NOT DONE! Or no (or lttle tip)
4	My New Stop once in Vegas! After seeing the Board of Health reviews of Ellis Island, November 2012, I decided to go to a different stop on my next trip in Vegas. There are two locations for Egg Works. Here goes, the cliffs notes.For breakfast I ordered the Italian skillet with a banana nut muffin, skipped the toast. The skillet was huge! I had my eggs scrambled hard. The were perfect. I can't stand runny eggs. It had potatoes, onions, peppers and sliced Italian sausage with a marinara sauce on the bottom. I would give it a strong 9/10. See the pics.The nut muffin a strong 8.5.My wife had the corn beef hash. She like it but would like a bark on the hash. She also felt the potatoes were a little large. She loved the muffin. All in all, she gave it a strong 9/10. See Pics.On our second visit, for lunch, I had the chicken steak sub with onions, peppers an provolone cheese and seasoned fries. The roll was toasted on the grill and buttered. Once again it was a lot of food. My wife had a burger with bacon, mushrooms, onions, cheddar cheese and lettuce. She too, had the seasoned fries. Both would receive a solid 9/10.The service was great on both visits. They have a system when you require service.You will have no problem finding parking. Just a note, it gets busy very busy on the weekends.We will be back!
4	I usually come here at least once or twice a week before I go to work. I usually sit at the counter since I am usually by myself and in a hurry to go to work. To me there is nothing worse than going to a restaurant and them making you feel like a loner. Every time I come in here the staff is amazing! They always talk to me and recognize me, which is a huge plus in my book. There is one man specifically who seems to be always there when I am and he is one of the best servers I have ever had. I wish I could remember his name, he's told me several times, but I'm the worst with names! The food here is always great and comes out very quickly. I am usually in and out of here within 30 minutes, which is perfect for someone who is always on the go like me! My favorites are the biscuits and gravy and the veggie and denver omelets! Another great thing is they offer half sizes. Definitely take advantage of this if you're not trying to go into foodcoma after breakfast because their portions are HUGE! One thing I wish is that someone would have told me about the Epoxy punch card app. I am in there all of the time and didn't even see the tiny little sign they had for it until the last time I was in! I should have at least 10 free meals by now (okay I exaggerated that a little LOL), but still a little sharing the wealth would have been nice.
2	The food is good but the waiter ignored us and didn't bring the correct food we ordered. We sat down and it took over an hour to get our food. Meanwhile people around us that came in after us, got their food before us. I asked to speak with a manager and they never got a manager for me. Before I left I tracked down a manager myself and let her know about the bad service I received. She didn't say much or seem to really care. Sadly I won't be coming back. Customer service is really something that trumps food quality for me.
4	First time here. Enjoyed the atmosphere. Great omelet selection. Service was good. Definitely a notch better than Denny's or IHOP.
4	Stumbled upon this place by accident and decided to try it out because the girlfriend and I were starving. The table was small and the chairs were uncomfortable but the food and quick service more than made up for that. I got the Original Breakfast Burrito which came with eggs, peppers, bacon, cheese and the works potatoes. With a side of works potatoes and salsa. Everything was great! Salsa was good. Works potatoes tasted like seasoned fries, very good. And the burrito was large and filling. My girlfriend got the Stuffed French Toast which was French toast with syrup and powdered sugar stuffed with scrambled eggs, sausage and cheese with a side of Works potatoes. She loved it. The service was very fast. After we ordered the food came within about 7 minutes.
5	I had never tried this place out and I had lived in Vegas my whole life. On my first visit back (since moving to California) my bf and I decided to eat here after my doctors appointment because we were starving. I ordered the stuffed french toast and he ordered the original breakfast burrito. The works potatoes were delicious! I truly wish this place would open more locations outside of Las Vegas. I liked it that much! Service was great and VERY fast. Ashley was our server and she was very friendly. We will definitely be back when we visit.
5	Veggie Benny is delicious.  Coffee is great, will be back.. Jeny was great.. You really should try this place..
4	Old fashion type breakfast bacon eggs toast coffee place.  These are always nice for lazy sundays.  Lots of menu options also which is nice.  Food is super heavy here so bring your wheelchair.
5	Egg works is amazing place to eat a healthy breakfast!! Great protein portions. I'm definitely a regular here and would like to give them some credit..The staff is amazing and attentive. Most likely come here after a good workout session!
5	Had a wonderful dining experience! I'm a big original pancake house fanatic, and thanks to groupon now I can have some breakfast variety! I had corned beef hash and eggs ( they have both homemade or canned!) and the best banana nut muffin ever! My friend had NY strip and eggs. That steak was incredible, tender and really delish. Our server Cherie was a delight. Groupon or not.... Can't wait to go back
5	I am one picky son of a b* & I must tell you that the service & food here is worth the trip! Good job egg people!
4	Great place, portions might be a tad to big for a breakfast place. Don't wanna feel disgusting the whole day, other than that really good food and service.
4	My friend took me when I was visiting in town. I ordered the country benny, which was just good. I loved the seasoned fries but I was going crazy about was the banana but muffin!!!!!! Everyone on yelp was raving about it so I had to try, and NOW I know now! Their Bloody Mary was also amazing too!
2	All my friends and classmates seem to love this place since, so I decided to give it a try ! I was treating my boyfriend to breakfast and it was our first time here. They place was pretty packed ! But we were able to have a seat without a long wait. The menu was overwhelming, well for me since I don't know what I want half the time. Our server was nice, BUT I hate how I couldn't order the way I wanted. I wanted to substitute my "house special" potatoes for regular hash browns & she made it VERY DIFFICULT for me. So I COULDN'T order the way I wanted to and gave up. Honestly, that a big no-no in my book since I am the customer. She kept making excuses for me to not change it and I gave up trying to tell this ignorant server girl. Def didn't even want to leave here a tip !!!! But she was somewhat accommodating, but I waited a VERY long time to get her attention.The food was brought out and it was pretty yummy. My food was just okay since I got a simple meal and it really wasn't as described on the menu. But ohwells ! The pancakes were good and my meal filled me up ! So that was good.Everything was fair priced, food was food. Didn't find anything too special particularly and if only my server kept her mouth shut, then I guess they would have redeemed a few more stars. Haven't been back since.
3	"The Dark and the Light"^I live in both. But on to the review....Not bad at all. Came here last weekend around 6 AM and was the only customer. Chose a table by the window in a dark room. The full moon outside looked phenomenal. Had a nice server with nice somethings and she brought me some good coffee. Apparently she was a mind reader because she left the pot on my table. I looked through the rather extensive menu and selected an omelet made with a large green chili and cheese. Went with potatoes and white toast. As I was waiting an elderly couple arrived and elected to sit at a table in the light, far from the weird guy in the dark corner staring out the window at the moon. Every so often I would glance at the nearby TV showing Olympic hockey.When my meal came I was shocked at the amount of potatoes on the plate. No way would I be able to eat all of them, not with the omelet and toast. I really liked the latter two and although the potatoes were pleasantly seasoned they came right out of your grocer's freezer. I ate about half and concentrated on the eggs and bread. Good thick toast and I liked how the chili didn't overpower the eggs or cheese. I sipped some more coffee and left a tip before paying at the door. Egg Works is open for breakfast and lunch and they have a few locations around the city. I'll be back for sure but will likely skip the 'taters next time.
4	Great place for a quick breakfast on the WEEKDAYS! Weekends are crazy busy and not enjoyable. Their food is perfect proportion and service is excellent. My one complaint is the cost of coffee....come on $5 for a cup of folgers????
4	Five stars for Nicole! My son and I come here every Saturday before our weekly grocery shopping and always ask.for Nicole! She is attentive, friendly and always takes good care of us. The food is really good - the banana nut muffins are yum and if you get the pancakes try the harvest batter its like dessert!I would give five stars if they would offer regular shredded hashbrowns and wasnt quite so expensive. Maybe even offer early morning specials/discounts.
5	This place is one of our favs in Vegas! They are really kid friendly and great food. The coffee is just ok sorta like water down brown water, but the food and staff make up for that! Our server Nicole E was awesome! Great attention to our needs, thank you!
5	The stars say it all. On most breakfast items, you can get half orders to try more stuff! Our server Veronica was super awesome!
5	Can I just say NICOLE is awesome.... oh and the food is good too!
5	Amazing eggs and hash browns! Eggs are so fresh they taste like they have just been plucked from hens out back. Only kidding but that's how great egg works is. The only thing better than their food is the beauty of a server NICOLE, that smile and fast delivery will keep me coming back :)
5	I love breakfast and I love Egg works! Every time I come to Vegas I make sure to swing by this gem. If you love breakfast than I guarantee you will love this place. Not only is the food excellent the service is great, especially Nicole! She is so friendly and so quick I make sure to request her whenever I go in!
4	My favorite breakfast place hands down. No matter which location you go to the food is always top notch and you can count on fast and friendly service. Veronica was our server today and she was an absolute doll. Another stellar meal.Some of my favorites include the eggs and cheese stuffed French toast, the chile relleno omelet, pork carnitas, and classic breakfast. The red chile sauce they serve with some of their Mexican breakfasts is so good we usually request some on the side in lieu of salsa.
5	Visited this location this morning, being from out of town I heard this local spot was extremely good. Everyone was right the food is awesome, and can I just say Nicole E. was a wonderful server. I will definitely be back whenever I'm in Vegas and will spread the word of how great it is.
5	I went in for a visit while in town last week and had a GREAT "eggsperience!"  The hostess (Jenny) was incredibly sweet and helped us right away.  She also took care of our drinks (server was a bit busy) and brought us those killer banana muffins  I had a Loco Moko (Hawaiian  breakfast) which was terrific!  My brother had the Bennie - loved it!  The server (can't remember his name but he was awesome too)  was all over it and really worked his tail off!  Awesome experience - better than the other Egg Works in Vegas that I've visited - largely because of the hostess (Jenny) and our server.  I'll definitely be back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	This is my favorite chain of breakfast restaurants in the city.  Fair pricing, friendly staff, super yummy fare w/side options generally given of fruit or seasoned fries.  You may also ask for their delicious banana bread, served warm..add butter and dive in.  My personal favorite is the Spinach Benny followed by the Fender Bender (Sahara location). Each location, however has a slightly varied menu. I love a glass of grapefruit juice on the side as well. ($3.25.)  Open 'till 3pm.
5	Excellent food all the time!! Great service with Veronica today!! Coffee is great as well and they actually have flavor creamer
5	Great food and even better service from Veronica today at Egg Works! I would definitely recommend this place to friends, ask for Veronica for the best service!
5	Stopped by today to grab a bite with the husband.. and I have to say Nicole gave us some awesome service. We will always ask for her when we come back. You guys have some amazing food especially the waffles! And they serve alcohol! The mimosas are awesome. Thanks Nicole!
5	My fave breakfast spot! The chicken fried steak skillet and the breakfast burrito are the bomb. Veronica, one of the servers is also super sweet and nice!
5	One of my favorite breakfast places.    Service is always quick for a place that's always packed.   Other places should take serious note.  Our server Rossy was da bomb diggity.   Knew us by name soon as we sat down. So personal and funny. Got me to try the daily special and I'm glad I did.   Bad part was I ate it so fast there's no pic.  Groupon deals make this more than affordable.   Coupons are also all over Vegas.  You better get some of this food.  I'm from the east coast.  Where we love some cracker barrel.   This is about the next best thing to that without all the dang granny crap cracker wants you to buy.
5	Veronica was Amazing!! Lightning fast service!!  Try the crepes they are really yummy!!  They'd find are to die for especially with the biscuits and gravy... Also the eggs been is better than most.. Even on Sunday when they are super busy .. The service is fast!!
4	This is my all time favorite breakfast place!!I come here because they have a Hawaii special- loco moco, Portuguese sausage/spam eggs & rice!!And that's exactly what I order..the Portuguese sausage with eggs and rice. Tastes just like home~Their banana bread that comes with your meal is my favorite!!! Always warm and fresh out of the oven. They have a variety of menu options and they are all delicious! Pricing is affordable and the service is quick. It does get packed on wknd mornings but the longest wait is 20min or so.
5	First time here..Food was awesome! TRAVIS was really attentive & great! *he should go to Disney! ;) we will def be back! We ordered the strawberry cream cheese French toast & chili relleno omelette. Both delish.. But Chili Relleno was our fav!
5	Came here for breakfast. The food was excellent and the service was even better. Veronica took great care of us. Always nice to see a happy face in the morning. Ask for Veronica when you come here!
5	Great selection, great food, but most of all five star service from Veronica, the sweetest Michigan native you'll ever meet! Breakfast, Brunch, Lunch doesn't matter. Just go!
5	Am from Chicago on a two week business trip and have gone to several places for breakfast until I came upon this place.  I gave been coming here every day since . I always as for Nicole E's section.  She has taken very good care of us.  You can not go wrong here
3	Egg works isn't my go to restaurant for breakfast but they do have great customer service everything I go there. I love love LOVEEEEEE their banana nut muffins. Every time I go, I always have to get it. I find a entree that comes with banana nut muffin so I can get some banana nut muffin. LOL! Their muffins are really moist which probably means A LOT of butter so if you're on a diet BEWARE. These little devils are delicious!!! I would say not to order the simple dishes. I was trying to eat a little healthier the other day.. so I went with a simple eggs, turkey sausage and asked for hash browns. I love hash browns so I was pretty disappointment in my meal this time. I got two hash browns with two eggs and two turkey sausage patties. First off, the hash browns looked like they were from McDonald's and I wasn't even sure if the turkey sausages were actually made out of turkey. I guess that's the risk you take when you go out to eat though. I expect more from Egg Works I guess you can say. Another sad thing is my friend thought the hash browns at McDonald's were better! Hahah which I thought was a little funny but in a way it made me hate my meal a little more. The work potatoes taste a little hollow too and you can tell they're from the freezer. Each mean is around $10-$15 I would say. If I actually got fresh food, I wouldn't mind paying 10 bucks for it (Just saying). They have a bunch of other great options but not for if you're trying to eat healthy and out with your friends. At least I haven't found any I guess. I love their stuffed french toast and their waffles with ham and eggs (drools). They have a bunch of other options as well on their cool newspaper menu. I say the customer service is amazing because one time we waited for I would say a little over 20 minutes. The waiter for our table gave our party each a free muffin - there were four people at my table. We were pretty happy campers. I mean.. a little after he gave us those muffins, we got our food. I even remember the manger getting me water all the time. I must say that water is really what I use to determine if a place has good customer service because I drink A LOT of water. The parking isn't too bad since you can usually go on the other side of 7-11 and park. It gets really packed over the weekend but during the week you can find a spot behind the restaurant.  Also if it is over the weekend expect to wait a good 20 minutes or so.
5	We went for an early morning breakfast today and it was fabulous!!  We had the country Benny and the breakfast veggie crepes. Both were wonderful!!  The banana nut muffins were amazing; warm and flavorful!!!  Our server was Ashley and she did an incredible job!!!!!  Thanks for a great breakfast!!!!!!!!
5	Came around 8am. Our waitress was Ashley. After one of the other folks finished taking our drink orders, Ashley returned to take our food order. She was polite and very attentive. After she left in just a few minutes she returned slightly flustered and very honestly told us she had accidentally thrown our ticket away. After retaking our order she left and returned with two muffins. My wife asked why the muffin as she was not to get one. She smiled and reminded us it was for her gaffe regarding our ticket. She left and we chuckled about her being so concerned for forgetting knowing we'd probably forget where we parked our car until we left. Anyway breakfast was awesome and actually the order wasn't any longer to our table than normal. No thanks to Ashley. She also comped our drinks which she didn't need to do but again I think for the error. Its nice she had both the courage and obvious pride in her work to simply be honest. Taking full responsibility for anything today especially in a restaurant is rare. We'll return again for sure no doubt because of food but mostly because of service! Well done Ashley! Now pack your bags and get on that plane...you're going to Disney!!
4	Thought this location was probably one of the better ones in town. Came here on a Saturday morning, considering the amount of people, the wait was less than 10 minutes. They have outside and inside seating. The service sitting outside was not so great, but it's worth it if it's a nice sunny day :D Excellent breakfast spot. And great if your trying to eat light and healthy as well. The menu has a variety of options, eggs (durr) waffles, pancakes, breakfast meats, potatoes, fruit, yogurt, and the absolute best part MIMOSAS AND SCREWDRIVERS. I wasn't impressed with the mimosas but holy moly the screwdriver was served in a mason jar and deceptively strong :DI had two eggs, WHEAT Banana pancakes, and a fruit granola parfait. The eggs were de-lish, especially when I sprinkled some of the provided greensauce on them. I admired how they made the pancakes with real cut banana slices cooked inside them. And I think the menu description "short-stack" is somewhat of an understatement, try HUGE ROUND STACK of three pancakes. Also, try sharing them with someone else, too much for one in my opinion- unless you're a beast. The fruit parfait was disappointing- too much yogurt, not enough granola or fruit. Of course this chain of restaurants is most famous for their banana nut muffin- and yes- have one, you won't regret it. Overall, great spot for an early breakfast with friends and fam.
4	This is the place for breakfast food. I had a vegetarian crepe that was sensational, The menu is surprisingly vegetarian friendly, which was a huge plus for me!
5	My favorite breakfast place to go to when I roll out of bed. Very busy on weekends, but had like a 5 minute wait. I love the atmosphere; busy noises everywhere but able to feel cozy with my cup of coffee. Food is amazing! So many choices and categories of food. I usually get anything that comes with their potatoes. Service is wonderful! Servers are so attentive and never had a let down here yet. Obviously coming back whenever I have the chance.
5	Love this place! We've eaten here several times for breakfast and lunch and have had great experiences every time. Their potatoes are fabulous and their skillet breakfasts are to die for. I had the bacon and onion skillet breakfast which has breakfast potatoes layered on the bottom then bacon and onions smothered in cheese with the top layer being 2 eggs. Super yummy!!!I definitely recommend their southwest chicken wrap for lunch, it's delicious and quite large. Comes with a side of your choice. The service has always been excellent as well!
5	I love this place. I have gone here three times and the food is consistently great with good quality and great portions. They do not skimp on the egg works fries here or the portion sizes.
4	Always the best breakfast in Vegas for the price! We usually get the huevos rancheros and the works skillet. Both are to die for and their breakfast potatoes are the best I've ever had. They put some sort of seasoning on them that is crazy good! My girlfriend and I both get crazy full and each get a drink for about $25 plus tip. Can't beat that... Missing one star cuz the service is sometimes a little shabby. Food? Awesome tho
5	Every time we come the service is prompt and courteous.  We had Nicole E again as our server and she is phenomenal.  Super nice and checks on you just enough.
4	This was my first visit to this location. It is easy to find on the southeast corner of 215 and Rainbow. It was a Sunday at 1 pm and I had expected a long wait but was pleasantly surprised when, even with a crowd of people in the lobby, we were seated almost immediately. There is plenty of indoor and outdoor seating to accommodate the crowds. The menu is extensive and, even with that, the restaurant is happy to make adjustments to your orders when requested. I had the vegetable omelet and added avocado. It was light, fluffy and delicious. I thought that they forgot the avocado at first since it wasn't on top but there was plenty on the inside!  The seasoned potatoes were quite good as well. I didn't have the muffin that I read all the raves about. The service was quick and our server and the manager checked in with us during our meal as well. I would definitely return when I want a great omelet!
4	I live close by.  I always come here around 11-12 or sometimes later before I go to the windmill/rainbow library to do my readings.  It's cheap and better than any fastfood.  I can't complain.  Naomi one of the cashiers is always nice to me with her beautiful smile and all the servers are so nice to me too.  I used to go to starbucks all the time but now I come here.  Unless they come up with an organic breakfast place exactly in the same location for convenience, I'll always come here.  Nobody's forcing me to come here.  It's not for everybody.  It's either you like it or you don't.  If you don't, then don't come here.  If you do, then I'll see you here.  Don't forget to say hi!
5	I love this place!! The banana nut muffin is my fave :) Marc is usually my server when I come in and he is amazing!! Always is so sweet and makes me feel welcomed. I would recommend this place to anyone. It is one of my fav breakfast spots.
3	This has some decent breakfast food but it is always so packed.  The few times I have been here I have always been in a group (about 6+ people).  For about 20 minute wait for seating, I wanted to be wowed by the food.  I have never been wowed, but I never left with an empty stomach.
5	Veronica is such a great server! I've had her twice and she stays consistent with her customer service. She always checks up on us, very cheery, and enthusiastic!
4	Its a lunch/breakfast restaurant, soo it is going to be busy on the weekends! But what sucks is they wont take reservations for less than 3 group. But the food has been really good everytime and staff always polite and gives quick service. Great Sunday breakfast joint!
4	Breakfast on 4/15/14 was wonderful. Our server Veronica was amazing. We will definitely return for more meals with the rest of our family and friends.
2	I'm truly surprised that the reviews for this place are as high as they are.  I've been here a dozen times and I've never had a meal that was better than mediocre.  Pros: The service has always been really friendly and attentive and our food has come out quickly and correctly without exception.Cons: Everything tastes like it has been sitting under a hotlamp for several hours.  The food is--at best--bland and highly processed and the prevailing "taste" is salt.In short, it's the kind of place you would either go with your kids on a Saturday morning or go to try to gorge away a hangover.
5	I love coming here for breakfast. The service is always great & the food is always so good. Today I tried the chicken, mushroom & spinach skillet. It was good & filling (potatoes are on bottom). Just couldn't finish it. Ate half. I usually order the spinach Benny or Classic with bacon & scrambled eggs. I love their season potatoes & banana nut muffins. But been getting wheat toast instead for a healthier choice. Also another thing I noticed is that every time I come here I notice that the manager is always checking on every table and is friendly. As far as the atmosphere. It was pretty comfortable despite it being very busy. It's always very busy in here. They also serve lunch & really good bloody Mary's.
5	The service was great! The food was amazing!It was our first time going to Egg Works, my husband had to convince me to go, I was a bit iffy about going, once we received our food, the look and the smell was mouth watering, it was delicious! Definitely going again! Instead of Ihop this will be our official Go-To place for Breakfast!
5	I love Egg Works/Eggs & I!! Every time I go to Vegas, eating here is a must! I usually go to the one on Flamingo Rd. but on Sunday we came to this newer location instead.  I actually like this location better because it is more spacious, and we didn't have to wait as long.  The staff was attentive and service was quick. I got the three pigs omelette with the works potatoes, and of course, I had to get the best muddafrikkin' banana nut muffins in the world! I love their muffins! How do they make these glorious beauties? I want to know!Ahhhh! I wish they would open a location in LA. I would be there wayyyy too often.
3	After a good work out why not go down the street and grab a bite. It was a Saturday around 11 and it was packed. Can't be upset about that tho, it's a breakfast place, it should be that way. We were seated in a tiny table in the corner waited for 10-15 before they came over and took our order. The waitress we had wasn't very knowledgeable about the menu. I knew that egg and I had booze just didn't know how much, after asking I was only shown half the menu and didn't find out til after my meal they had butterscotch schnapps. I order the huevos rancheros and didn't get any salsa. It usually comes with it so I just used the kind that was on the table.. Also was never asked if I wanted a refill on my milk or if I wanted anything else to drink. My friend order the cheese omelet and was pretty satisfied, just should have all the reviews first. She wanted to get the corn need hash but only likes canned, which they have but the waitress told us they didn't.. Maybe the gal was new but why not ask the chef or something. Just wasn't the best experience.
5	Such a great breakfast and brunch spot - we frequent this place and LOVE the bloody Mary's, the scrambles & omelets are amazing and it's always hard to choose which one to get because I love every one I've ever had. The wait might seem long but they always get us in faster than expected, like magic. Parking is a little tough so go before the rush.
5	We came in for breakfast on a busy Sunday morning. The wait was only a few minutes and we had drinks within a minute of sitting down. Our server Chance took our order and verified it since my spouse has special dietary requirements. When the food came out it was just as we had ordered. Chance came back several times to verify everything was OK, and she managed to be social and entertaining while continuing to take care of all her tables. Next time we go back, we're asking for Chance!
5	Egg works never disappoints. The rainbow location has a patio, so we can being our dog. FYI the way the building is situated to the patio, it has shade in the morning, so it is great to sit outside. Wait staff is very attentive which is hard to find when you eat outside. We always has people checking in us and never wanted for nothing. If you are new to this establishment, the breakfast potatoes come with a seasoning. You can get them plain though.If you download the epoxy app you can get a digital card punched for each meal you purchase. Also, there are ways coupons available but one get one free in the mail.
5	Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day and going to Eggworks makes it perfect. Love the menu and the service. Tables are spaced out nicely and outside dining is available. Conveniently situated right off the freeway. New & clean location.
5	Exactly what you need after a night out.Eggs and potatoes.
5	This is how breakfast is supposed to be. Came here after a crazy night out and couldn't of chosen a better place. Ashley was our awesome waitress and she guided us through the newspaper of a menu. Started with the best banana muffin EVER, then stuffed my face with French Toast and their house potatoes (half order was still huge). Downed it with some hot coffee ( it was pretty classy that they have flavored creamers). Overall, Great Menu, Great Food, Friendly Staff.. This is my new go-to breakfast spot...
5	Terrance was awesome and very friendly. I don't usually get up for breakfast but it was a breath of fresh air having such great service in the morning. Food came out exactly how we requested and it tasted better than anything I could make. Highly recommend the chile relleno & chicken enchilada (aka chicken on chicken) omelette. Thanks again to Terrance for the great breakfast experience!
5	Had another great breakfast at Egg Works. Waitress was Bridgette was our waitress and was great. We ordered way too much food. We love this place because we can bring our dog and sit outside. The country potatoes have a seasoning on them, but we order them without. Pancakes are delicious but too much to eat by yourself, so share. We will continue to come back again and again.
5	I'm currently sitting outside this fine establishment as the start of my vacation. I don't think I could've picked a better place to come. I ordered the prime rib benny. Everything about my order was perfection. My server is one of the nicest I've ever encountered. After my meal, she saw me just enjoying my coffee, so she brought me one of the best banana nut muffins I've ever had. This place is awesome.
5	Service was great! Food great as well.Ken in particular was extremely helpful with picking new items to try.Great breakfast/brunch spot, and even though it's crowded, the wait isn't too trifling.
4	Tried this place after reading the Yelp reviews of others and wasn't disappointed. They have a small outdoor seating area that I figured I'd take advantage of because in from Seattle and eating outdoors is very rare because of the rain. The waitress was very friendly and attentive. The food arrived quickly and the milk I ordered came nice and very cold. I tried the Chicken Fried Steak Skillet based on one of the pictures I saw on Yelp. The food arrived very quickly and was well presented. Eggs were cooked perfectly for my taste. The meal was very good and was fair for the pricing. The only small complaint I might add was the country potatoes in the skillet were seasoned with some type of seasoning that really overpowered the taste of the meal. For my taste, I would have preferred them without the seasoning and that way you could taste the gravy and chicken fried steak better. However, be that as it may, it was still very good, just not to my taste buds. I will try something different next time. They have a pretty diverse menu selection and there are many other breakfasts and lunch combinations that sound really good from reading the menu. I'd definitely go back and eat here again. Oh!!! Make sure you get one of their Banana Nut Muffins!!!! They are amazing as other Yelpers have mentioned. I'm going to order a second they are so good.
5	Great breakfast.  Maryanne was the best!
5	I love their skillets and their southwestern salad! Our server Brigette was so nice and friendly. I went with a picky eater and she was so polite despite my friend being annoying!!
5	Food is great. Had the Loco Moco (a Hawaiian favorite). Banana nut muffins are the bomb. Server was awesome! Thanks Kat!
3	We've been coming to this location since they've been open. Service is normally great to good but the last few months had me doubting. Food is always awesome but lately the service have been ok to ehhh... I wouldn't say terrible but going to the fort apache location eventhough we live closer to this one, now their service is fantastic! From the greet to the server, and even the cashier. Just awesome! Our server today was Bridgette... She was ok but not very welcoming. She made us feel like we were asking her to do too much from the start. We asked her for some French vanilla creamers for our coffee when she came back to take our order and her response was "ok do u wana order first"?? And when I told her that we had been waiting awhile and the coffee was kind of getting cold, she gave me an annoyed look and just walked away without saying anything. She then came back and gave them to me and even with the attitude she had I still said thank you only to get no response from her. That's one example and there were more. The only time she actually lightened up like she actually liked her job was towards the end she came to check up on us and handed us the check. Even with that kind of service we still added 20% gratuity since my father is a firm believer of tipping the right amount but I myself had second thoughts not to. My parents and I share our traditional Monday brunch from egg n I to other egg works location and some other breakfast places also. We were not as happy to say the least but we will still be coming back since the food is great!
5	Great meal EVERY time. We had Marianne as our server and she was fantastic!  Chile relleno omelet is amazing and not to be missed. They do half sizes as well. A must try in Las Vegas!
3	Great place for Brunch.  They have so much stuff I need to make many more trips to try it all out.  I had the Banana Bread french toast which was very delicious.  I also had the Cincy Chili, but being from Ohio, it was not what I would consider Cincy Chili (Cincy Chili is sweet), this was just regular chili served on spaghetti.
5	We always come here after church on sundays!! Love their banana muffin... the manager is always checking on you if everything's ok and the service is fast.. this is our regular routine on a sunday.. my husbands gets the "WORKS OMELET" and I always get my "Mushroom cheese sour cream omelet"
5	Victoria was a great server! Super attentive and cheerful! She never let us run out of our beverages! The service was great and the food was even better. The chile rellano omelet was amazeballs. We will be back soon!!
2	I really wanted to like Egg Works.  Especially since they have "Cincy Chili".  I don't know what chili they ate in Cincinnati, but Skyline IN A CAN is better than what they serve.The pros - Service was outstanding.  We were quickly seated and our server (young man on Saturday dayshift) was attentive and funny.The food - On the first visit I tried the Cincy Chili.  It just wasn't good.  On this visit, I went with eggs, biscuits, and gravy.  It wasn't good either.  You can't really screw up eggs, but the gravy and biscuits had all the thrill of cardboard.   To my server's credit, he noticed I wasn't eating much and did offer to replace it with something else, but I didn't have time as I had an appointment.  My dining companions got the egg skillets and also commented that they felt it was just average food.
5	The food is amazing! The staff is great. They're always busy which is a great sign!!!!!
2	The pancakes taste like they come out of a Bisquik box: very dry and bland. They brought out all of our plates except one, which we had to ask them for and then wait another 5 minutes for them to actually bring it to our table
5	Raul was the best! He was able to keep the flow of napkins coming to control the spaghetti explosion happening on our 3 year olds face. Attentive and never let our drinks get low. Great suggestions and honest opinions. Always a smile on his face helping patrons or interacting with coworkers. Thanks Raul!! -Ben and Brenda.
2	We came here on a busy Saturday for brunch but the hostess told us there was no wait at the bar so we decided to sit ourselves. I thought being in the dining area was hectic but I thought wrong. Sitting right in front of where the servers get their food from the cooks was so stressful to watch. We sat down to absolute chaos.There were no utensils and only one menu on the counter where we were sitting. As we shared and read the menu together, many servers kept returning the food because things were wrong on them. We couldn't help but watch them stress over the food they erroneously brought to their customers and now they have to return to the cooks to re-do them or fix them.After 10 or so minutes of watching this, we were finally greeted by one of them. She get our orders and told us, "It might take a while, as you can see behind me." Yeah, no kidding. Food kept getting returned one after another. It wasn't too encouraging and I hoped our food would be delicious & not messed up.The wait for the food wasn't too long even with how busy it was. We had to ask for utensils and for a few minutes, the server couldn't find any to give to us. How odd. That banana muffin was to die for! I ordered Chicken Fried Steak & it was delicious! The seasoned potatoes were so good, not salty. My eggs were cooked well. Unfortunately, my boyfriend got the short end of the stick. He ordered Loco Moco because his Hawaiian bum was craving it but it was a miss. The server asked how he'd like the burger steak and he said medium, which is his usual. The gravy was delicious but cutting into the meat was a disaster. The outside was cooked but the inside was simply uncooked, cold, mushy and pink goo. We've always ordered medium & this was definitely not medium.We left disappointed & my boyfriend hungry. Eating cold, raw meat is not the biz. Maybe next time.. maybe.
5	We had breakfast here Sunday morning. The restaurant was very busy. We were lucky to get a booth and received excellent food and service from our waitress Veronica. She was fast and very friendly. Food was de-lish. : )
3	We were supposed to go somewhere else for breakfast but the place closed, we were famished and this was the first place we saw. My friend was trying to avoid having to go to this place and so, I was like "how can you possibly mess up breakfast food?" and he was like, "oh, you'd be surprised!" There were a lot of cars parked outside so we thought it was going to be packed and service will be slow. But it wasn't. We got seated right away.They have sandwiches, pancakes, waffles, omelets, etc. We got 2 different kinds of omelet and a loco moco.Crazy Chicken Omelet:Julienned chicken, mushrooms, guacamole and cheese. I had mine with egg whites only since I hate egg yolks. Comes with fruit/potatoes, toast/banana nut muffin. I got the yummy banana nut muffin. With a few drops of hot sauce, I was all set. 3.5/5Loco Moco:This was so messy. Gravy everywhere! Thick beef patty, sunny side egg, gravy and rice. This was alright. 3/5The service was alright. Nothing fancy, nothing special, no fluff...just breakfast.
5	This place never disappoints with its great service and amazing food. Our server Victoria was amazing and so sweet.  I will definitely be coming back!:)
3	Food: GREAT! Service: GREAT! Method of paying: FAIL!! I'd give a 4 or 5 but you don't take AMEX! And by the way, how the hell doI go to an ATM WITHOUT my card? I don't carry my card around, just the one I need. THANKS FOR MESSING UP YOUR 4-5 STAR RAITING! will I come back? Maybe!
5	Veronica was amazing! Great service and awesome sense of humor! We will continue to come back!!
5	This place is breakfast food heaven! I go here more than the average man should, but with corned beef hash, country fried steak, and their AMAZING bananas nut muffin, no other place seems worthy of my money. Kenny is the man, so if you get him as your server, you're in good hands. Coffee is great and has a huge variety of creamers to add to it. Now that I'm writing this, I'm going to go wake my wife up so we can go eat there!! Banana muffin, here I come!
5	Veronica was the bomb dot com!! We came here two Sundays in a row and was able to grab sit in the same table both times. Veronica was friendly and very helpful.
5	I had a great time at this place and the exceptional service provided by Veronica was second to none! We were shown our seats right away and for such a busy Sunday I was extremely surprised to get such quick service from Veronica. She was courteous and very helpful when I had questions about their dishes. She brought out our banana but muffin within seconds. I was very impressed :-) and my cup of water never went empty. She seems to be very efficient with her time. The atmosphere was inviting and you can feel all the action in the kitchen Lol I enjoyed my time in this locale and would recommend it to anyone. I also recommend everyone to ask for Veronica cause her customer service was amazing!
4	I come here often, the food is never a disappointment. Omelette are the way to go here. Their breakfast potatoes are also seasoned perfectly. The atmosphere is comforting and the decor gives me a welcoming feeling. Now the only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is because of the staff. Let me start off by saying I always ask for Veronica. Her service is flawless, whenever my friends and I come here we need her to serve us or it just won't feel right. Nicole was also one of my favorites, it's too bad she moved locations. I will have to visit her sometime! But for the few other servers I got while eating at egg works. Their service was not so flawless, I remember a young man with glasses. We had to wait a while to even be greeted by him. Did not refill our drinks till the very end. Also only checked on us once to drop the check. The other server I had was not very welcoming. She seemed to be rushing us the whole time but, when I saw her taking care of her other tables. She took the time to make sure they were okay but not us so much. Don't know why but that bugged me. Overall Egg Works is a great place to grab some breakfast. I highly recommend it!
5	If I could give this place more than five stars I would. The first time I came here I sat at the counter and asked my server, Kelli, for some unsweet tea and the sausage gray biscuits (which were fantastic). On my second trip, five weeks later, I again sat at the counter. Kelli walks up and says "Unsweet tea again?". When I replied "Yes" she asks, "You want to try something new or go with the sausage gravy and biscuits again?". That is absolutely crazy that she could remember an order from a single customer five weeks later, especially after only one visit. Since then I've been going with my girlfriend, so we sit at a table. Our waitress has always been Randi and she is absolutely amazing. Do yourself a favor and ask for her by name.      As for the food, outside of the Cincy chilli, everything I've had has been outstanding. Fresh, hot and large portions; what's not to love. To me, the food at Egg Works is pretty much the gold standard by which other breakfast places are measured. In terms of service, Egg Works is the gold standard by which ALL places are measured.
2	I would love to tell you about the delicious waffles. However I never goto them. I called in my order 20 minutes ahead for pick it up. When I arrived at the restaurant I was greeted friendly staff asked to go to the back counter to pick up food . After a short wait at the counter I was acknowledged.  The server who answered my phone call was more than helpful at attempting to locate my order. It was uncovered after a few minutes of asking other servers and the kitchen staff that someone else had taken it. 3rd attempt at trying to get food or service from an egg works at two other locations it's unfortunate that the same thing has happened twice now.  Three strikes and your out.
5	Eat here all the time. The food and service is always top notch. Ihave been there numerous times and have never had a bad exsperience.
4	This breakfast and brunch restaurant was introduced to me by my boyfriend. It was a fun experience, not over-the-top amazing but very mellow. Considering it was morning and we were barely beginning our day, the mellow and chill mood was very much appreciated. The food was amazing, I made my own omelette whilst my boyfriend order steak and eggs. I highly recommend their muffin as well, really scrumptious. Overall, the wait was to a minimum, their service was consistent, food didn't take too long to arrive at our table, and the prices were fair. Overall a good experience :)
2	Although decent for a breakfast place, they're falling behind the times.  Usually coming here with my dad,  it seems to be the go-to breakfast place that hasn't adapted their menu.  No meaningful gluten free options. Nor organic eggs.Most of their dishes are covered in cheese,  but all of them are from cows (the feta isn't even goat,  or sheep.... sorry lactose intolerant people!)If you have any diet sensitivities or trying to eat clean,  give this place a pass. If they would come out of the dark ages with ingredients and quality,  this place would shoot up two or three more stars.
5	Twila is the bestest. Very friendly and confident about menu. Will be back and request her for sure.
4	This place is always busy but one can get seated pretty fast. The food is always heat. HOWEVER the service was surprisingly bad. What I order is none of the server's business. If I want to order something big then take most of it home, that is MY business not hers to comment on
1	Walked in this morning for breakfast and couldn't bring ourselves to stay. Felt like a barnyard meets trailer park. Hostess and waitstaff covered in tattoos and greasy hair highlighted every color of the rainbow. Sat at a freezing cold table in the middle of this mess and when asked for a booth, was told it was all they had (I counted 3 empty booths). Really??? Then the hostess said "pretty much". Yeah, I don't think so. Decided we wanted a better dining experience, so we left. Not paying for dirty chaos. Sorry. Came to the Cracked Egg a very short distance down the road and VERY happy with the service and ambiance.
5	The best omelettes in town bar none. The service was fantastic and our server Maria is the best!!  Maria's smile and attitude keep me coming back.  As for the food, I will let you in on a little secret... The Chile Relleno omelette is to die for!!  Prices are reasonable too.
4	I love coming here for breakfast.Once in awhile I get lunch,but I love there breakfast menu :) the classic is always simple and yummy,or there ciabatta sandwich :)
5	Got the Cabo Breakfast Burritto and it was fantastic.  Even during the brunch rush the food came out quickly and deliciously.  The seasoned potatoes were crispy and hot and they have a fantastic selection of hot sauces.  The house salsa is a great dark one with a zesty kick.  Price isn't super cheap, but it's very reasonable.  Plus the waitstaff is kind, attentive, and quite pleasant.
3	Waffle Works w/ bacon.... Delicious.... I'm feelin' like I want to crawl up in the bed right abkut nkw and start my day over...
5	Excellent French toast, server Veronica was quick and attentive. Works potatoes are great as well.
5	Raul was a great server. Funny and fast.  Food came out quick and was excellent.
5	This is our go to place when we want a quick breakfast. Food is good, service is good and environment is casual. Our server, Travis, was very friendly and inviting. Best service by far.  (And we come here often)
5	Had a great breakfast here. Portions are generous and very tasty. This is not a greasy spoon kind of place. Eggs were not swimming in oil. I couldn't find an egg white option, but I asked and they accommodated me. Our server, Rosey, was fabulous! She brought us banana nut muffins to try and they were delicious! My son ordered pancakes and a couple sides, so Rosey recommended that he change his order to be a combo meal and substituted the items in the meal to be his sides. This saved us a few $. Definitely will be back again soon!
2	I probably will only dine here again if a friend invited me to join them. I never stepped foot inside of the restaurant because I was meeting a small group of friends and they were already seated outside when I showed up. This has nothing to do with anything, but I really wish I hadn't worn jeans and worn my hair down without bringing something to tie my hair away from my neck...it was only 9am and I was sweating...but at least our kids could run and play without disturbing anyone because we were the only ones with the "bright" idea to sit outdoors. SO ANYWAY, I have no idea what the inside of the restaurant looks like...nope, didn't even use their restroom while I was there. Although I had a good time being there because I was with my friends and it's always a pleasure to be in good company, I'm not a fan of this place because I wasn't impressed with the food. The prices were pretty standard and the portion size was fair but the presentation was sloppy. I ordered 'The Classic': two eggs cooked how you want them, breakfast potatoes, bacon or sausage, toast or a banana nut muffin, I chose scrambled hard, turkey sausage and the muffin. My eggs were definitely scrambled hard...overcooked for everyone else, but for me it was fine...my potatoes were over salted and a bit dry, I was given turkey bacon instead of the sausage I asked for but I didn't ask to fix the order because I like turkey bacon but it was overcooked and my muffin was kind of strange looking but that didn't bother me. None of my food came out hot...or even kind of warm for that matter. Not much to boast about this place.
5	Great food great service from Kat we will be back bacon and avocado omelette is the best
4	Came here for breakfast the other day after my daughters doctor appointment and as usual we left satisfied. This place is located on the south west side of town, by the 215 and Rainbow. This locations is bigger and more spacious than the one we usually go to on Flamingo. The staff here is friendly and attentive plus the food is delicious. Definitely two thumbs up!
4	Definitely a nice breakfast brunch spot i'll be returning to when I return to Vegas.  They have a fairly large menu and an interesting way of telling your server you're in need of something.  (There's a little egg that you flip on the table if your need anything) We never had to flip our egg because our server Victoria was very on it, but it's a neat features nonetheless.
4	I came for a quick breakfast before a meeting and the service was amazing!! Marianne was super fast and very polite in understanding my time restrictions.  The only problem I had was with my eggs; my poached eggs were cold. With that said everything else was great! Thanks, I will be back again.
4	Came here on day off from cooking to enjoy a late brunch with my wife. Ashley our server was awesome.  Only reason not five stars, wife's eggs were over easy not over medium as she requested.  Will be back because great service is always hard to come by in this town!
5	Veronica, our server was great. We always come here for breakfast and the service has always been great. They have a friendly staff that is always ready to help. I recommended the chili relleno omelet and splitting it with a friend.
4	Fast, great service! Food was timely, orange juice was yummy. 1y/o friendly type place. Good atmosphere for some breakfast. We will definitely be back!
5	Diana was amazing. Very friendly and kept checking on us. I got the wrong type of bacon and she fixed the issue very fast and with a smile.
5	This is our first visit to this egg works....we live closer to the anthem location but we happened to be in the area...lucked out on a groupon too!  Veronica served us and she was awesome! We didn't have to flip the happy/sad egg ever because she continually checked on our table.  Our food was delivered quickly with no error and it was nice to see her swiftly moving about tending to all of her tables.  Her personality was bubbly and energetic which is nice in the morning and she was always smiling! If ever in the area ask for Veronica's section!
5	Great food, great service! Got the omelette with chilli relleno in it and of course the amazing muffins.Diana was great to my family and I :)
5	You can never go wrong with a Benedict. Always my favorite here among different variations.
5	Ah the prestigious 5 star review. This place has great coffee and all the food is great. My fav is the pork carnitas rancheros, but the veggie Benny is a close second, but so is the stuffed French toast, it's a egg and bacon delight sandwiched between two thick pieces of French Toast. It really is quite amazing. From hence forth all sandwiches will be used with French toast. It will end wars and develop peace around the world.
5	When we got here there was a lot of people waiting and we checked in and sat down within 15 minutes. Not bad for a full restaraunt. Once we were seated are very attentive waitress Mary came and it was like 'BANG BANG BANG' Seriously. She was good! She got our drinks, took our orders, got a banana nut muffins and about 10 minutes or less later, our food was out at our table. How awesome was that? They are really organized or the cooks are secretly Superman or have some sort of secret powers.  The food was awesome as always! I had the California Crepe and it came with their special potatoes. I call it special because its the bomb. My husband had the corn beef. I think it's called hashed something. That was actually really good. It was perfectly seasoned. It came with your choice of scrambled or sunny side up eggs. Oh and special potatoes.My son had the sliced bacon and avocado omelette (well that's what my son thought he ordered. he couldn't remember the name) and I know it was good because he demolished it within 5 minutes. Not to mention those servings are HUGE!!!My daughter had the Mickey Mouse pancakes which came with a child size drink. Their buttermilk pancakes are also as good as everything else on the menu. Overall the good is A+ and to too it off the customer service is on point. They make it point to take care if their customers. Their was a nice lady that came by our table and asked us how everything was going. Told her that our server Mary was awesome. I like that they do that. It shows that they do care.Kuddos guys! Keep up the great work. We will be coming by again! BTW I thought about taking pictures but the food look so good and was so hungry that skipped it LOL
5	First visit here to this location and it was great. Great atmosphere, food was delicious and the service was awesome. It was very busy for a Saturday but we were seated in less than 10 min. Our servers name was Kat. She was super nice!!!
5	This place was nothing short of fantastic. A cute country style restaraunt with newspaper menus!When my son and me walked in to see a full waiting room we were surprised at how quickly we were brought to our table because the hostess was so fast. Very serious too for someone with pink hair! Kat was our waitress and she was amazing. She was both friendly and to the point, never failing to make us smile or to fill up our almost empty cups even though she had so many other people she was helping! Never even had to flip to a sad egg, but it was so cute and silly I woulda loved to. We were brought the banana nut muffins when we where waiting for our food and they we so good! Soft and moist. I had the omlette and it was to much to eat and the extra avacado was pricy but the best omlette I've ever eaten. Very impressed! My whole family loved there food too but no one finished there monster sized plates!When we were leaving the blond cashier was very nice and I couldn't believe how fast and organised she was! She even had time to say good morning and goodbye to everyone when they came in or left and still ask everyone if they enjoyed there meal and smile!Over all I would recommend this restaraunt to my friends if they want good food and don't care about all the people!
4	Great banana muffin!  :) spinach benedict was good but too much hollandaise sauce. I forgot to ask them to put them on the side.  Coffee good. Glad they have the flavored creamer (just ask for it)
5	Great local breakfast spot.  This location has a nice patio and friendly staff.  Good kids menu and tons of options.  One meal not on the menu, but you can order is the pancake  Works with 2 pancakes, 2 eggs and meat.
5	Had breakfast here on monday..awesome omelets we shared 1 and it was still to much. The food is always good and the wait staff is even better, Twila waited on us this time and she got everything just right for us..great value too. Stop by and see them soon
4	There are Egg Works all over the city, which is great! We have always had good meals here.It is great for brunch, or lunch.This is not a fancy place! It is good classic breakfast! YUM!It is one of our go-to spots when we have friends in, or want some good, affordable comfort food.
5	My boyfriend and I love this place. The food is always amazing, and when family visits this is the first breakfast stop. The service is always friendly too, and today was no different. This morning our waitress was Veronica, and she was so friendly and adorable. She was very attentive, and never lost that smile, even with my complicated breakfast substitutes. When service is good, the food tastes even better! :)
5	First i have to say that the food is just perfect the design of it and the taste.The place is very cozy and a welcoming environment its our second time being here and we came back because the good feeling that the waitress gave us.This time we had the pleasure to have veronica as our server and she was the best of all.. I really wish that i would get this good feeling every where i go to eat.. She made the food experience much better and like i said before the food is all ready good so it just made it to perfect.. I really cant remember the last time i sat in a place while smiling throughout the whole meal!
5	My friends and I were in Vegas for a girls weekend and were looking for a yummy local alternative to the breakfast joints you find on the strip. We stumbled across Egg Works and thought we'd give it a shot, and I'm SO glad we did! Our server was Nancy and she was a rockstar. There's nothing I love more than a friendly server who keeps my drink refilled. Nancy was also awesome in that she flawlessly nailed all four of our orders. (We all had breakfast burritos modified differently.) Speaking of the breakfast burrito... SO GOOD! I subtracted bacon from mine and added avocado, and it was the best burrito I've ever had. The works potatoes that came with it were great too. The salsa served with it was so good I probably could've eaten it by itself. I also had a side of hollandaise sauce that was awesome too. I'm so happy we stumbled on this place and will definitely be back next time we're in town!!
5	I Love Love Love This Place!!!  The chicken pesto scramble is the BEST EVA!  OMG!!  I have to go here every single time I come to Vegas!!The people are so nice.  The food is so great.  Its the best :)
5	Our first time here from California.  We had the Sundance special with blackened chicken. Sooo good!!!  Rosey & the rest of the staff were great. We sat at the counter. It's great seeing how incredibly efficient everyone is during a busy Sunday brunch.  Kudos to all of you. We'll make sure to come back again.
5	Took my daughter for her 16th birthday. Her favorite meal of the day is breakfast and this place was right on. Delicious food and generous portions. Waitress was a little strange but efficient. Will definitely be back.
2	Very disappointed in this place especially after reading all the rave reviews. Asked the server what she recommends and she said the skillets were popular. I ordered the chicken, mushroom and spinach skillet and I felt that it had been fried in an oven. I couldn't even eat the potatoes underneath the eggs and toppings. My friend and I also shared an order Of pancakes which were large an tasted pretty good but the syrup tasted fake and commercial. My bill was $15 after splitting and it was a waste of my money... Wish I knew what people were raving about on here but unfortunately I won't be back to find out..
5	Not only was it a perfect day for the patio to have a late lunch, but our server NANCY was the best, brought me exactly what I wanted (I can be picky sometimes lol) and always checked up on us throughout our time outside!!! Breakfast places can all seem the same at times, especially in Vegas, but customer service is never a guarantee. So having great service from our server, Nancy, was awesome!!!!Thank you!
5	This place never disappoint. Come here at already once a week, and always leave happy. NANCY, best server here. Highly recommend you request here if she is available. Always attentive an very personable.
4	Came back for a 2nd try and this time was wayyyy better. Amy was our server and she was prompt and kind. Completely changed my mind about this place and will be back in the future!!!
5	There was something wrong with my meal that was completely out of the staffs control and they did not hesitate making it right.  The assistant manager even came over and went above and beyond.  I will continue to visit this wonderful restaurant.
4	Been here a couple of times but haven't reviewed it. The food is decent and the service is good. There is always a wait so we know it is popular. It is not the best breakfast in Vegas but it comes very close. The service is very good. I love restaurants that have the things you can flip if you need service. I know it really helps the servers. We will come back, my wife loves the potatoes they serve and as they say "happy wife, happy life." :)
5	First time at this place (we've always and only gone to Hash House A Go Go for weekend brunch) and were very impressed with the food and most especially the service that was rendered to us by Diana. She was very attentive and seemed to genuinely love what she does! It was a Sunday so the place was packed and didn't expect much from a server who's waiting on so many tables so we were pleasantly surprised. My husband enjoyed the 5-way Cincy and the Haole Loco was bomb! We will definitely be back to try their other offerings!
5	Service is good, and let me tell you, the first time we were there and older couple passing us out the door said.. try the Traditional Benny (Eggs Benedict), and they were so right.  I have not been able to order anything different, because I like it so much.  I have tasted other family members food, and all have been great.  It is especially a good deal with the Groupon Deal
4	Food is good but the service is crappy!! The host was completely RUDE when I asked to switch tables and they brought us our bill 2 minutes into the meal! What are they trying to say?? Well Like I said the food is good but the staff needs to step it up!
5	my wife and I had breakfast at Eggworks.  Maryanne  was an excellent server.thank you Maryanne,George and Linda David
5	Came in here between running errands for a quick bite to eat....ended up getting the steak and eggs. My steak was cooked perfectly as well as my eggs. The home potatoes are seasoned with some kind of special season they have....awesome.  Bathrooms were super clean.My server was Kat...she was excellent!!
5	This is one of my favorite places! We buy the Groupon and go every Sunday! The food comes to the table so quickly and the staff works very hard. Try the Sunrise Mountain with ham. Delicious!!
4	Brigette was very sweet and attentive. Even as busy as they were for Sunday brunch, she helped make our experience here a great one. Ask for her when you come in!
4	I enjoy coming here. My boyfriend and I frequent Egg Works, we always end up getting the same thing every time, but hey.. If it ain't broke. Lol. Food is always good. Consistent. Service is normally very good (Travis is awesome), but today our server Marianne left a bad taste in our mouth. We sit down, she comes up to the table "drinks?" -- my boyfriend then takes it upon himself to be polite and says "hi". She then says "hi. Can I get you guys something to drink?" .. Again, my polite boyfriend "how are you?" .. She responds "good. Anything I can get you two to drink?". Sure Marianne, because polite conversation with your guests is obviously like pulling teeth to you. We order two ice teas, she comes back, "you guys ready?" .. No, a few minutes please.. Comes back, "good now?" .. Sure. The service continued on like this until (without informing us) she left to go home and gave us to another server. Do not get Marianne. Politely ask for another server. Maybe she had an off day but I'd rather not start my day off with her bad attitude.
5	Love the banana nut muffins!!! Service is always good and so is the food. Veronica was our server today and made us feel very comfortable;  she is a very happy and cheerful person. What an amazing breakfast experience this morning.
5	What more do you want. This place is clean fast and efficient. The menu is awesome featuring breakfast items they also have salads,burgers,pizza and lots more food options. There are a few options for vegans and vegetarians . My favorite is the prime rib Benny. Expect a small wait on the weekends. I highly recommend the egg and I.
5	Soooooo good! Food was fantastic!! Our server Veronica was one of the best servers we have had in quite some time. She needs a raise and vacation!! Place was packed but we were seated fast! The kitchen cooked our food to perfection. Compliments to the chef! Would highly recommend this place for breakfast!!
5	The food is extremely awesome! It was my second time their but officially first to have a meal! I love their version of the loco moco! Servings are portioned very largely ! It's so amazing that it will give you a food coma! The house gravy is just simply delish!Oh I almost forgot their coffee bread Oh my gosh! Thats all i can say!
5	As usual the food was great,  the price was good and the service was excellent - thanks Veronica!  I will be back.
5	We set out early on a Saturday morning. Our server was Kat. Right from the start she was On It with her customer service. Took our drink order, brought them fast and correct. Took the order. It came out correct. She checked on us asked if we needed anything (best part is she didn't ask when our mouths were full) so we could answer her. She took the time to look and see if our glasses were getting empty and automatically brought refills. I witnessed her pick up other servers tables that were slacking off. She was moving all time. Kat was one of few and far between servers in the service industry. Kat was excellent! Food was excellent. Better than eating at any strip joint. Keep up the good work Egg Works!!
4	I am a local weatherman here in Vegas and I am always looking for a great spot for breakfast either on my days off or in between news casts. egg Works is a great spot!! The place is pretty solid and has a down home feel to it! My server ROSSY is just spot on too!! If your are looking for down home mildly country feel to your breakfast experience and a stick to your bones meal!! This is the place! Remember to ask for ROSSY she is a sweetheart!
5	What a great place to eat, our server ROSSY was the best, what nice combination good food and amazing service. Try biscuits and gravy,  loco moco and the banana muffin!!!!! What else can u ask for.
5	Twila was the best. Awesome service...took time out to  get to know a little about us etc...checked on us often making sure we had everything and making sure we were happy. Never had a bad food experience here. Food is always excellent.
5	We tried them with the a coupon I got in the mail. Buy one get one. Good food. I loved their banana muffins. Fresh fresh. Waitress was really nice.
4	Came here for breakfast before we left Vegas. We got here around 9am or so and the line wasn't too terrible. The workers all wore shirts/jerseys representing their favorite football teams, which was awesome.Server was super friendly, and the atmosphere was very family friendly.I ordered the chicken fried steak skillet. The menu says skillets come with two over easy eggs, but she said all the menu items can be done with any preparation of eggs, so I subbed in poached eggs. The bottom had delicious potatoes, topped with chicken fried steak, country gravy, and two poached eggs. DELICIOUS!My boyfriend ordered the prime rib benny. We were honestly expecting slices of prime rib, but they were just small pieces. It was good, regardless.We could not finish our food though! The server told us that all of the menu items can be ordered as a half-size, so I'll have to do that next time I come!Overall a great brunch place with great food and great people!
5	Ok so I have never been disappointed whenever I've come here. Breakfast and brunch is awesome! This location is close to where I live and it is always busy! There are inside and outside seating for you to choose. TV to catch the game if you decide to grub on a Sunday and the environment is country casual.Every item on the menu is pretty much home style comfort food but the warm banana nut muffins that most of the time you need to ask for is so freakin GOOD!Anyhow if you haven't been here come. Foods great, people are friendly, sometime service can be a tiny bit slow but for the most part they are on it and super nice, so that makes up for it. I like it and my friends and family like it, and you will too!
5	Wow! I'm so impressed! The food is great...but more impressed by our most awesome server Raul! :) Let's start off first by saying that the wait for a table wasn't bad at all for a Sunday morning Brunch. About 15 minutes. We wanted to try something not so Denny's or IHOP....we actually were on our way to The Cracked Egg but ended up here by accident...a pure mistaken identity for the other egg place (???...don't ask I just told him to turn in here...) It gets crowded and kind of cold in that little waiting area just inside the doorway but they do seat you as promptly as possible. LOOK and READ all of the specials they have on the chalkboard at the entrance before you go in! They have a pretty good spread for an egg restaurant lol! The ambience is a very cozy warm family friendly atmosphere. We sat down and was a little unsure of the menu...as we had no idea it was a menu at first glance...Lots of reading...so bring your reading glasses!...The Awesome Raul took our order...He was kind enough to run back to the front to tell me exactly what the firecracker(somethin...somethin...) was. I don't remember what it's called...but it's pretty much chili cheese breakfast nachos with potatoes on the side and choice of toast or muffin...yummy! The food came out and was all delicious and well worth the dollar amount...Raul was very attentive to all the patrons he served and what impressed us so much was his genuinity...he shows he cares about every patrons experience and doesn't stress under pressure. He is definitely management material! Hubs and I rave about this restaurant mostly because of the service and not just from Raul but from all the servers there as well! His name is the only one that stuck because we interacted with him most. So here is the score:Restaurant cleanliness - Four StarMenu - Four.Five Star (lots of reading little time before ordering lol)Service - Five StarFood - Five StarParking - Three Star (lot is kinda small)Total score:...Five Star (yes my math is wrong...but it's soooooo right) Would I come back again...absolutely!Would I refer to a friend...HYFR!Would I go back to Denny's?...only if I'm not in Las Vegas and craving breakfast.
5	We just ate at egg works after Black Friday shopping. Veronica was a great waitress. Very knowledgeable about the menu and made great recommendations. We loved the food and can't wait to come back!
5	Was in on 11/29, hubby and I stopped in for a quick breakfast. Diana was our server, must say she was awesome. She greeted us right away with a smile, she took our order right away. And  our drinks were never empty and she made a point to check on us. Even with a busy section she didn't miss a beat. Will definitely be back.
3	The staff are so friendly, it makes your entire dining experience better. They even have a cute system for you to get your waiters attention. You put up the sad face egg sign instead of the smiling egg, and it really works. But now for the important part. The food! To start, we got complimentary zucchini muffins with chocolate, if I'm remembering the zucchini part correctly. Then, I had the veggie eggs Benedict. It came completely drenched in hollandaise. So much so I could not stand to eat it and sent it back. They happily brought me another with hollandaise on the side this time. It was ok. Not bad but not great still. Tim had eggs and waffle combo. He enjoyed his more than I enjoyed mine. However, their menu is large. Food portions are large. Give it a shot. You should be able to find something you like
4	There were a lot of people, but we got seated right away. Veronica, our server, had many large tables to serve, but she was incredibly attentive and helpful. We had the cabo burrito and the breakfast tostada which were fantastic. The only gripe I have is with the coffee which tasted awkward. We will definitely go back.
5	Food and service was excellent. Our server Victoria was courteous and always on top of everything. I will def be returning.
5	Veronica was such a sweetheart! Very attentive and personable! The food is delicious as always!
5	Great food great service. Our waitress Victoria was very nice and attentive. Really enjoyed our family brunch.
5	it was the best breakfast I have had in a while.  We did not have a wait which was also great.  Our server, Diana, was very helpful and upbeat.  I would come here more if I lived on this side of town.
5	Great breakfast place! This is an awesome restaurant. Try any of the skillets. In fact, everything is good. It's always busy every single day.
5	The staff is super friendly. Our waitress, Amanda, super friendly, very nice and she jingled. (its Christmas time) soooo cute. Always loved their hot chocolate, potatoes and they always make my eggs perfect. :)
1	This rating is based entirely on a recent visit, but deserved nonetheless. When we dined here on Sunday, my boyfriend's food was delivered by a backserver who erupted into a coughing fit as she got to our table. It was such a bad fit that she has to step outside. Having worked in restaurants and bars for many years, I know of managements' reluctance to grant sick days. I have a feeling that this is what happened here and it is entirely unacceptable. Even if the girl didn't try to call in, she should have been sent home as soon as managers noticed her symptoms. They were very apparent.It's disgusting and unacceptable to allow people to be around/deliver food when sick. Not to mention- it's a health code violation. As expected, my boyfriend is incredibly sick today. I have been coming here for many years because the food and service are great. I will  not be coming back again
5	We came here for the second time last Sunday, Dec. 14 for weekend brunch. The place was busy but we were seated immediately and weren't given a hard time when we requested to be seated in the corner room. We were very happy to have Diana wait on our table because she was super nice during our first visit a couple of months ago. Food was great, service was again, impeccable and exceptional thanks to Diana! We will be back!
5	Rossy was great! Food was awesome! Will be back for sure! Not to long of a wait even tho it was sat!
4	As always, the food was excellent!  The only caveat is to remember to order the potatoes lightly seasoned.  Oh server, Caitlin, was awesome.  She was prompt and friendly and took great care of us.  We'll definitely be back!
5	First brunch place my boyfriend & I went to since we've moved here to vegas from California. We loved it! Very friendly staff & good food. Well, our waitress was a little too handsy with my boyfriend but it made me laugh at least. Nice atmosphere too. We'll keep coming back.
4	The food was So good. Marianne was super nice and even though it was busy our food came really fast
5	Great breakfast! Excellent service from. TravisLove the Traditional Eggs Benedict and the Omelets are great too.
5	We love this place for breakfast! Always wonderful. Veronica was and eggscellent server! My four year even said so.
4	Nice positive atmosphere. My family and I always come here in the mornings for breakfast. Plus, they have crayons and paper games for my little one.
5	Breakfast was excellent this morning! We love this Egg Works. They are always friendly and great food. Thanks Bruce for the great service.
5	The food was awesome and service was super fast. Marianne was our waitress and she was very friendly and efficient! I recommend this place for lunch or breakfast!!! :)  very delicious bloody Mary's and mimosas as well!
5	Every time I visit Las Vegas I have to stop in for the amazing food but more importantly the friendly, energetic staff. Today our waitress, Caitlin was so helpful and always on top of anticipating our needs. She talked me into stepping out of my comfort zone and trying something new. I had the Eggs Benedict Pizza, yup I said PIZZA. Being Italian I am surprised my family has never thought of such a genius idea. Thank you Caitlin I'm so glad you wee our server.
5	Food was always good every time I come down to visit. Our server amanda was very nice and made sure we were taken care of.
4	Great breakfast,  and the service is amazing. You don't leave hungry thats for sure. Yummy stuff...
5	Always love this place for breakfast. Today I went to have some quality time with my 10 year old son, and Travis our waiter was on point. Egg Works NEVER disappoints.
4	AWESOME local breakfast place. get the eggs, really and make sure you get the muffin instead of toast AMAZING.Big portions and great service, will be back.
