5	We have used Avanti cleaning a couple of times and they do amazing work!!   This last time far exceeded my expectations and we will continue to use them.  Scheduling with Claudia was incredibly easy and they were very accommodating.  Highly recommended!!!
1	They didn't even show up...Found them on Amazon locals. Booked them for the 2 hours for the coupon and then 4 additional hours. Called and spoke to the girl there who said she could not book me on the phone. Had to use their online system. Booked the cleaning there. Seemed simple enough... They were supposed to be there at noon. At 30 minutes after I called to see if they were lost. No? They were double booked and couldn't make it. Apparently letting me know that was too much trouble for them. Lots of other companies out there. Will use a reputable one that actually shows.Too bad because we wanted to use them on a regular basis. Crappy.
5	I have been meaning to write this for months but had to say I absolutely love Avanti Green.  I had called in late to get a last-minute appointment before my son's birthday party so the house would be super clean for my guests.  Avanti Green was booked but when Claudia heard it was for my son's party she wonderfully worked me in!  Her staff was professional, very kind, and very good!  The dusted the tops of pictures, washed dishes I had left in the sink, and even cleaned out my toothbrush holder!  All of that was unexpected and such a tremendous show of their services.  I will absolutely use them again and recommend them to my friends.
5	I've used Avanti twice now, and have had great service both times. Owner Claudia is very accommodating and professional, as is her crew. They are punctual and thorough - and fast! They confirmed both appointments the day before (and in case they don't with you, you should confirm with them anyway). The most recent appointment was for a move-out clean, and boy, the house sparkled. Even the Realtor commented that the house looked fantastic. When the crew was done cleaning, Claudia had me inspect to see if there was anything that was missed. I like their thoroughness, and the fact they use eco-friendly products is important to me. I will tell you, the cost of their move-out clean, at least for me any my size of house, was 1/3 what other cleaning services quoted me. Forgettaboutit! This is a no-brainer. Avanti is MY cleaning service. Happy to give a solid 5-star rating. They earn it every time.  *They may or may not have their credit card swiper with them, so be prepared to write a check/pay cash, just in case.
5	Avanti cleaning is the go to company if you are looking for a friendly staff and excellent service!  They have cleaned for me twice now and each time they are thorough and always a job well done.  If you want your house cleaned by professionals at a reasonable price go with Avanti!
5	We've been through several subpar cleaning companies and are overjoyed that we have found a company we can trust. For over a year Avanti has provided top-notch, eco-friendly, cleaning services to our home. They have been accommodating, friendly and fast. We couldn't ask for more. Highly recommended!
5	I bought a LivingSocial deal for Avanti's cleaning services in November 2012 and have been using them ever since. From the very first phone conversation with owner, Claudia, I was thoroughly impressed with this company. The entire crew is professional, accommodating and are very hard workers. I have also used their carpet cleaning services which I highly recommend. I have referred my friends to them who have employed many of their services as well. I love this company and will continue to use and refer them.
5	We've been using this cleaning service ever since we got the ole bait and switch from the other company I will not name.  Anyway, the ladies are always on time and are very friendly.  The do a great job of cleaning my home and take pride in their work.  If I have a specific request, they will do their best to take care of it.  I have absolutely no complaints.
5	Friendliest cleaners ever! They were very good and accommodated my schedule, thank you!!
5	After 7 years of bachelor living it was time to clean this joint up with some deep scrubbin love in prep to paint and do new flooring.  I scoured the web and spoke to friends about cleaning services but ultimately many were either difficult to get ahold of or asked a lot of random questions that typically lead to you being nickled and dimed to death.  Yelpers to the rescue.  I searched out Move In Cleaning and Avanti came back with great pricing and they followed through on communication.  Claudia and team made the appointment and though they arrived 20 min late, gave my house the attention to detail that it needed.  Eco friendly cleaning agents cleaned this place beautifully!  I'll be recommending their services often.
5	Avanti Green Eco Cleaning is excellent. I emailed them last weekend to set up an appointment ant Claudia emailed me back to set up an appointment. Claudia was very friendly, professional and reliable. She and her team arrived at our family members condo that had not been lived in in 8 months. The place was cleared of all furniture and personal item but the cleaning in this two bedroom two bathroom was a HUGE task. I warned them how bad it was before we went in. Claudia looked around the condo and said no problem they could clean this property. Her team did such an amazing job. The laminate floors came out beautiful, the walls looked fresh, and the  entire house was honestly cleaned way beyond what I ever thought was possible. We live out of state and were just here to get this property ready to sale. I truly wish this company was in  my area because I would use them on a regular basis. I can't thank Claudia and her team for the wonderful job they did today. I highly recommend this company to any one that needs any type of cleaning service. I would have given them more stars in the rating if I could. Thank you again for a job well done.
5	I was very impressed with the service I received. The cleaners were professional and very efficient. My house hadn't had a deep clean in a few years and they made my house sparkle! My appliances look brand new again. They even cleaned the wine bottles that are on my counter top. I will definitely use them again and would highly recommend them to anybody.  Now they are cleaning my carpets. Thank you for all the great work.
5	I am so happy with their service that it motivated me to sign up for Yelp and write a review.I have used Avanti to clean my business offices once a week for about 6 months, and decided to try them out at my house. Not only did they clean the house, but they made my bed, put the dishes away, and hung up some clothes that were on the floor. Really going above and beyond what I expected from a cleaning service. I have used other cleaning services in the past that just kind of "clean around" the messes, so that's what I was expecting.They come prepared with all their own cleaning supplies including vacuum cleaner, cleaning supplies, etc. They work efficiently and quickly and do a great job.I guess they aren't the cheapest service available, but definitely the best I have found here, and I love the eco friendly cleaning products they use. They smell great.I would highly recommend Avanti Green for both business and house cleaning services.
5	I have no complaints. We have a big house and 2 furry cats which were no match for the ladies from Avanti. They were able to accommodate me on short notice (I had surgery on my arm and couldn't clean very well). The initial cleaning was about 4 hours for a 3br 2 story house w/loft & 2.5 bathrooms. They cleaned everything, even the stuff they didn't really need to clean - since I wasn't paying by the hour I wasn't going to stop them! They even re-made the already made bed, except they did it better ! I would highly recommend them! the only flub was that because we use the same cleaning products they took my liquid soap by accident! Definitely worth the cost, I will now be a monthly customer at the very least although its been only 2 weeks and I am already going back for seconds!
5	We love these guys. Great smelling products, super friendly and trustworthy. They always do a little bit more than I ask for-   after using several other services, I have stuck with Avanti Green. I strongly recommend them.
5	I love Avanti! My original cleaning lady moved to California and I was not sure who was going to replace her. I found out about Avanti through a strong recommendation and tried them out. I am very pleased with their services. They did a great job cleaning my house and also came early to their appointment! I am definitely signing up for a monthly cleaning with them. Not only do they do a phenomenal job, it makes me feel better knowing the products they use are Eco friendly. Definitely give them a try if you are looking for a great and dependable house cleaning service. Thank you Avanti! You guys are great! :-)
5	Window washing inside and out done after many years of neglect. Time was taken to do all necessary work to make them sparkly agsin. Very courteous and prompt.
