4	I found No 7 Salon & Spa when I was trying to track down Tracy from Hair Benders (it closed), who had been recommended by a friend for her waxing skills. Turns out most of the ladies from Hair Benders are now at No. 7! On my friend's recommendation, I drove from Decatur to Champaign for a wax from Tracy - So worth it! Not only is the price amazing ($50 for a brazilian), but Tracy is a skilled waxer. It took about 20 minutes and was pretty painless for getting hair ripped out by its roots. I enjoyed chatting with her and learned some places to check out on future trips to town, which was great. I am definitely making the trip out to the U of I campus again! Some cons: I waited 5-10 mins. past my appointment time (but again, it was so very worth it!), and when I got home I noticed some hairs that had gotten missed (no big deal - I often find thalt a few spots will have a few stubborn hairs). Also the salon has a glass storefront letting all of the afternoon sun in, so it was kind of warm inside. None of these things are a big deal to me - but may be for others. I highly recommend checking out No. 7!
1	I just went in to get my eyebrows waxed, and was not impressed.The woman who worked with me (never introduced herself) seemed rushed and like she would rather be anywhere else.She missed a few spots, and set my eyebrows a little too far apart (thankfully they will grow back).I tried this place because of the convenience, but I think I'll stick to threading or my waxing place back home.
5	What a great little spot! I didn't have a go-to salon in Champaign-Urbana, but after seeing some good reviews on Chambanamoms, I decided to give No. 7 a try, and I'm so glad I did!The salon makes great use of space, and the stylists are all very fun and lively. Michelle cut my hair, and she was very patient and listened carefully to what I wanted.  It was a relatively big cut, and it turned out great! Plus, the price was terrific for a college student: only $25 for wash, cut, and blow dry (before tip). I'll definitely go back!
4	Pretty great place, just got my haircut not more than 30 mins ago and Dana (pronounce dawna i believe) was a great. Nice, knowledgable and talkative, everything was there to make this place my regular haircut place. We struck up a nice conversation that flowed pretty well without feeling forced. I had about six months of hair on me so she literally cut off a pound of hair and it was only 20 dollars even which even makes the price right for me. If you need a hair cut grab a couple pictures of what you want and head on down. Would definitely suggest this place to a friend. one last quick note, i think i saw a credit card reader so i think they accept cards but it is not a definite so i won't check that box
5	Tracy has been cutting my hair for many years (at least 7!). She is fantastic!!! I could not recommend her more highly. I'm moving to Chicago and I'm actually worried about finding someone there who I like as much as Tracy! She takes the time to listen to what I want and she's honest with me about what she thinks will look good or not. If it's not the way she or I wants it, she has no problem spending the extra time to get it just right. Most importantly, she's skilled at what she does. I've never walked out unhappy and believe me, I've done a lot of different things with my hair (dark, light, short, long, red, blonde). Their prices are also incredibly reasonable. She is good enough that she could be charging 3x as much in Chicago. I've recommended her to many of my friends over the years who have also been very happy.
