4	Definitely a hidden gem!  Don't use Google Maps or Mapquest for driving directions......William St. is one way and partially closed in the Winter.  The location is easy to find if you take an alternate route.  Cozy and charming.  BYOB/$5 corking fee.  Couldn't find street parking, but they have a valet lot for $3.  The waiter was friendly and attentive.  The mood is relaxed, so I don't recommend it if you're in a hurry.  This is a place to sit back and enjoy your company.  Fresh seafood.  I heard compliments all around the table on the chicken and lasagna  The marinara sauce has a bit of a bite, so be forewarned if you can't eat spicy food.  It was highly recommended that we make advance reservations.  The place was pleasantly full, but not overcrowded.
5	Oh boy!  As one other poster says, what a little hidden gem!  Why go to Buca de Beppo or Olive Garden when you can come here?  Seriously, this is one of the wonderful old-time family restaurants that makes Pittsburgh so great!Begin your meal with either of my favorites, the Pomidoro E Mozzarella, which is sliced tomatoes with basil and mozzarella cheese served cold.  The mozzarella here is fabulous!  Or you might like the Carmela's  House  Antipasto, which is Italian lunch meats, roasted red peppers, cheeses, and olives!They have wonderful salads here including salmon, fried chicken, and a steak salad that's a meal unto itself.  I recommend the House Italian dressing!They are well-known for the pizza here, but I prefer the seafood.  My favorite is the salmon, which is always tender and flaky, and never tough.  It is served with caper dill, honey glaze,  and dolce berry.  Or if I want to splurge, especially if someone else is paying (!), I like to get the Talapia With Crab  & Shrimp Florentine.  If I'm in the mood for pasta here, I like the Crab and Shrimp Tortellini.  The pasta here is a little on the al dente side, which is the way I like it.  And the pasta dishes come with salad and bread.  A few things.  This place is a little out of the way.  If you don't have a car, it is approximately a half-mile from the Monongahela Incline.  Also parking here is a little tight.  This place is very popular, so you might want to get a reservation.  And I don't believe they serve alcohol here (I'm almost a non-drinker anyway), but I think they allow BYOB.
4	Delicious Italian cuisine.  I had an 8 cut neapolitan pizza with mushrooms and pepperoni.  I'm a sucker for pizza, but the other four people I was with had other specials that I tried as well and all of the dishes were excellent.  Oh, also, they had delicious complimentary garlic bread that they were very generous with.Reservations are a must; this place has gotten so popular that you can't just walk in anymore.  We saw at least one group of three get turned away at a little after 9pm.  Plan on spending a good deal of time here as the atmosphere is very relaxed, there are only a few waitstaff, and the kitchen is very busy and only has a few chefs.This place is BYOB (where B = beer, or bottle) and they do have a cork fee.  It is $5 for a .75 liter, $7 for a 1.5 liter (or larger, I assume) and I can't remember, but I want to say $5 for each six-pack.  They will bring out an ice bucket for you to keep the alcohol cold, but we saw many people who had their own little coolers.  One person I was with said her family brought a cooler on wheels once and the staff was totally fine with it.  It really is very relaxed.My only complaints about the place were that it was very dark and the decor was lacking, but this restaurant is definitely no frills, no nonsense, and bare bones in order to keep the overhead to a minimum.  Also, the specials on the menu don't have explanations underneath them, so you'll have to listen to the waiter/waitress when they describe what they are.  Valet parking is pretty necessary for the area and costs $3.  Overall, highly recommended!
4	This is a great restaurant!  The food is very well priced (ranging from $12 to $22 a plate), considering it is made from scratch when you order and delicious!  Seriously, you can't go wrong with anything.  My family hit every corner, from the special of the day, a tuna dish, to plain spaghetti, and we all loved it.  Reservations are definitely a must, and I would avoid going on a Saturday.  I was there for three hours on a Saturday, and the waiter told us it wasn't like that on any other day usually; you have to make sure you have enough time to eat and to relax.  Don't go here on a first date unless you're a talker and/or enjoy awkward silences!The waiters are very attentive, and keep water and bread coming while you wait for your food.  It's BYOB.I've heard of some people getting lost on the way there, as it's tucked away in Mount Washington, but I got there fine using google maps.  Parking is awful, so the $3 valet is great.  My only complaint, like some others, is that it is very dark.  They'll light the candles though and if they miss your table, the staff is totally fine with being flagged down.  They're really great.I highly recommend.
5	Best Italian fare in Pittsburgh. I have been eating their pizza and hoagies for 40+ years since it was Josephines. I have never had pizza its equal anywhere. Their restaurant is fabulous. We take groups of 6-8 and everyone is always very impressed. Never had a complaint except when they brought the wrong dish to one person once. You will need reservations on weekends. Wait staff seems overly busy at times. I have seen Ben Roethlisberger eating here with large groups (family?). They have guys park your car because their lot is small and there is not much on the street. You won't go wrong with anything you order at this place. You can bring your own wine but they have a corkage fee.
5	Spectacular Sicilian food from something that looks like a pizza joint from the outside. Wow! Prices are generally reasonable, but ask about the prices for the specials BEFORE you order to avoid surprises.If you have a chance, call ahead an arrange for a tasting, which is a 4-7 course meal consisting of samples of different foods (pasta course, fish course, meat course, etc.) for somewhere around $50-$60 per person. The food here comes as close to Italy and Sicily as anything I've had in the Pittsburgh area and the fact that you may need reservations on the week shows that I am not alone in this thought.
4	It's on Mt. Washington, but no view.  The inside looks like a fire hall set up for a wedding.   It is so loud that I sometimes can't hear my dinner partner across the table.  But none of that matters when you taste the food.  The pasta is outstanding, and served in enormous, enormous portions.  The menu is a bit cryptic - dishes aren't really described, only named, so make sure you know what you're getting before you order.  And it's BYOB, so don't forget your wine!
4	We had a great dinner here. Visiting Pittsburgh from Boston, I was at a loss for dinner places. I turned to Yelp and we ended up choosing this restaurant on Mt. Washington. The trip up the hill was pretty exciting; we saw a family of deer! It was suggested on here you make a reservation, but the restaurant was only about 1/2 full on Saturday night. A bummer because the food was great. It's true that the menu specialties are a bit unclear, but our waitresses went through them (very) quickly. Pay attention if you plan to order off that menu. My date thought he was getting tomato sauce, but he instead received tomatoes in the dish rather than a sauce. No matter, he loved it anyway. We started with the tomato salad which was excellent. Then I had the stuffed shells which were also very good. Important note: the closest liquor store is about an 6-7 minute walk so make sure you come prepared with you wine or you'll have to go sans-alcohol. Also, a huge thank you to the restaurant manager. We ordered a cab which never arrived and the valet (who's name i currently forget but his brand-new baby's name is Fenway) drove us back down the hill and to the South Side. Really, a lifesaver!
5	This is a local joint that is family owned and run. Great food and people.The pizza sauce has a little spice to it and is really good. The pizza is square cut.I've primarily eaten the pizza so I can't comment much on the other parts of the menu. Keep in mind this is not a high end joint.  It is a local family pizza joint, so if you are looking for some fancy italian joint...not the place for you.Worth the time if your on The Mount looking for some local food.
5	To celebrate my getting a huge promotion at work, my husband Rick took me out to dinner.  He decided to surprise me and while we were still on Carson Street, he told me to close my eyes.  As I felt the car go uphill and take some twists and turns, I assumed we were on Sycamore Street.  I was going nuts.  Was he taking me to some of the restaurants by the Duquesne Incline?  If so, why didn't he simply take the McCardle Roadway up?  Imagine my surprise when he told me I could open my eyes.  He remembered that I like this little cafe.We began our meal with my favorite, Carmela's Antipasto (Italian lunch meats, roasted red peppers, and cheeses).  We then moved on to the tomato salad.  Since Rick said I could order what I wanted, the steak sounded tempting, but I was in the mood for some good Italian.  My Chicken Cacciatore was absolutely delicious.  My husband however did avail himself of ye olde red meat and ordered the 8oz New York Strip Steak.  And let's face it folks, no Italian meal is complete without some good cannoli or tiramisu.  But which to get?  Aha, order both and share!
1	I'm a huge fan of family-owned, non-chain Italian restaurants.  I was eager to try La Tavola and had great expectations after reading the many positive reviews.  Therefore, I trusted that this would be a good place to have my Italian father's birthday.  I was so wrong.  First, the temperature in the restaurant was unbearably hot.  It was over 85 degrees inside.  My face was sweating after 20 minutes. And when you're about to eat heavy, hot Italian food, it becomes so unappetizing.  I was uncomfortable the entire time as were my family members.  Twice we mentioned the heat to the waiter, who said he couldn't do anything about it.  Second, while taking our orders the waiter kept up-selling on various side dishes that were not included with the dishes.  He kept telling us to order the "specials" which we later, surprisingly found out were about $15-20 more than the other menu items. The waiter never mentioned the price of the specials.   My husbands "filet special" consisted of 3 bites of meat and the side of Jumbo prawns consisted of 2 shrimp.  Price: $39.  Give me a break.  Needless to say, he left hungry.  My strip steak was average, at best, and when I ordered it the waiter rolled his eyes as if to say that it was a big mistake not to order the filet instead.  My steak was overcooked and under-seasoned.  The rest of the food got average reviews from my family. The atmosphere left much to be desired, but, if the food were good it wouldn't have mattered.  In the end, it was very overpriced Italian in a basement and in dire need of AC.  If you go here at all, go in the winter.  It's a shame, but, I won't go back.  For similar prices, exceptional food, and a great dining experience with BYOB, try Cioppinno in the Strip District.
4	Where to start? This place is off the beaten path of Mt Washington restaurants, located in a neighborhood that could use sprucing up. There is a small parking lot on the side of the building. It's a spacious restaurant with two tops and four tops and even a few tables set up for larger parties and family style seating. Standard Italian flare starts things off, a waiter comes to the table and announced all the specials, which on this night they featured a pork loin and a shrimp dish. Neither sounded appealing since I had my heart set on one of their standard dishes, chicken Jolene, this is a huge chicken breast wrapped with eggplant lightly sauteed then finished in the oven. A butter/lemon/garlic sauce finishes this excellent dish. For my pasta course I had vodka sauce over imported penne, which was excellent. My appetizer was a peasant dish called greens and beans. You can't get more Italian than this dish, collards and white beans sauteed in extra virgin olive oil with sausage and garlic and lots of fresh bread to soak up the juices. It's BYOB for wine, bring a good red wine with you. Next time I come I want to try the pasta with bacon and peas, that sounds great.
5	I first ventured to La Tavola after it was recommended by a co-worker when I had a summer internship in Pittsburgh. I was a bit skeptical at first because one of the first things I noticed was that each table had a fairly prominent table number placed in it (much like they have at weddings and such). This wasn't something I expected from a first class establishment, nor was I expecting the bread to be served in plastic baskets. However these were both moot points as the service and food were both as good as it gets. I have been back many times over the years and though I no longer live or work in the city, I make a point to eat at La Tavola each time I visit Pittsburgh. I have brought many friends and relatives to La Tavola and they all have nothing but great things to say. My cliff notes:-Calamari diavlo (sp?), amazing appetizer that isn't on the menu but is offered every night as far as I know. I order it every time and am never disappointed. -Byob. Not sure what the corkage is but it rounds to zero. Enough said. -The staff knows the menu inside out as well as any specials being offered. Most if the servers I have had are clearly there fir the long term and have a vested interest in providing the best service possible-Carmella owns the restaurant along with her husband. They also are the chefs. Very sweet people who care about their patrons, food, and having a good time-very accommodating to large groups. I've gone with just my girlfriend or with a group of 14. Food is always fantastic and I never har problems making reservations the day of, granted the day I went with 13 other friends was a weds-sometimes when they are very busy the service can be a bit slow if you are with a large party. Make sure you brig good company and good wine.-prices are very reasonable for food of the best quality-the lack of reviews in no way is representative of the amount if business they get. There are usually a few large parties every time I go and everyone always seems to have a great time-menu is not the easiest thing to read as most items are in Italian. Fortunately, the staff is always more than happy to explain anything and everything to you in as much detail as possible-pizza is amazing. Best I've had in Pittsburgh hands down. They have a little "shop" attached to the restaurant for take out or delivery. Highly recommended
5	I dined here with several colleagues earlier this year.  I have little to say other than the service was flat-out fantastic and the food was top-notch.The owner went out of his way to help us obtain some wine for the table since all the stores were closed (my working assumption is that someone working at the restaurant "dontated" it), as well as some very special personal assistance in helping us get back to our hotel when taxi service was unreliable.The food, wow.  I have not had calamari quite like they did it before or since, and it was fantastic.  I don't remember what I ordered for my main, but do remember not being disappointed.  Our table got quite a sampling of things and everyone was pleased, so I'm not sure you can go too wrong with the Italian fare.Highly recommended.
5	Fabulous service and awesome food.We had the Italian wedding soup, the fried sampler plate, and the carbonera.
1	Oh this place!  I wanted to like it, I really did! I had heard good things from a few friends.  I also felt guilty I hadn't been there since I lived so close to it!  Me and a group of friend went there.  At the very beginning of the meal they pretty much tell you service will be VERY slow.  They weren't kidding! I assume that maybe just meant a long wait for food.  It wasn't just food we waited for though!  We waited for drinks, bread an even silverware!  The server was no where to be found at times.I would have forgiven all this if my food was amazing BUT it was far from it!  I'm very judgmental of Italian being that I am a proud Italian myself!  I ordered past vodka.  It was not the creamy delish sauce I expected, it was runny tastelessness!  My friend tried the regular spaghetti and the sauce tasted like it was from a spaghetti-o can.  Everyone agreed their meals left much to be desired.  Again, I really wanted to like this place, but after a 3 1/2 hour overpriced unappetizing meal I could no longer like the place!
5	Best restaurant in Pittsburgh. Bring a couple of great vintage Italian wines and Let them bring you Chefs choice of food.
4	My love affair with BYOBs continues... I went here on a date with my man friend on a friday night. Although I am mildly familiar with Mt Wash this place was still hard to find. After we found it and valeted my go-cart we were greeted by a huge party at the door (general mayhem).  I love when restaurants are busy, loud, and hectic (I'm not much for quiet intimate dining). My date made a res which was clutch because this place was packed! We sat around 8:50 (our res was at 8:30) but we were in no rush and had fun talking to the large party waiting to sit. We were sat next to another large party this one was already a couple bottles of wine deep when we sat down (more on them later). The service was a tad on the slow side but the place was packed. The server Katie was really knowledgeable and funny. My date and I were joking around with her all night. She was also on point with all of the specials. We started with special zucchini app. Which was solid, nothing over the top. But a solid dish. I had a spicy shrimp dish and my date had the chicken romano. When they bought these dishes out his looked like a pizza because it was a HUGE portion of lightly breaded chicken in a round shape. Again this PORTION WAS HUGE!!!! It completely covered the plate. Mine was really good, spicy but good! I couldn't finish all of it. I think my favorite part of the meal was just the interactions between tables ( I think wine helps this). The large party next to us was a group of 12 65 year olds who went to high school together. They kept chatting with us all night. One guy came over to our table (bombed) and chatted with us for 20 minutes about complete non-sense... hilarious.  Then another table came over making fun of the bombed guy! Generally a lively dinner! PROS: BYOB, Large menu, A lot of specials, Owner chats you when you are waiting for your food, lively, knowledgeable servers, funny co-diners, BYOB, CONS: Slower service, Valet Parking, corkage feeOVERALL: Will go back, I'm not sure if it will be as entertaining tho!
2	So many great reviews, so many wonderful comments I have read about this restaurant.  My neighbor personally recommended trying out La Tavola, and so I did.  As with the rest of Mt Washington, parking will either be a pain in the butt or valet.  I arrived at 9:00pm on a Friday night and was lucky enough to find close street parking.  They appeared to have been fairly busy earlier in the day and night, but when I entered about half the tables were empty.  The interior was rather non-descript and I recognized the wall ornamentation from Ross and Marshalls.  We waited for about five minutes before we were seated.  This didn't bother me since all of the servers I saw were moving quick and making rounds to all of their tables and helping each other clean-up.  I was more worried that I would be sat at a table in a corner and lost in that shuffle.  Miraculously, we were sat a two-top in the middle of the entire main dining area.  All of the servers were hustling and bustling and doing what they do and I saw people smiling and laughing with the exception of one that was just talking to one of his tables.  After 15 minutes of waiting and not seeing anyone, I did start to get a tad irritated.  I wondered if the only server that was talking with one of his tables rather than serving or helping the other servers was our server.  I started to stare in his direction and he looked at me a couple of times before something in his head clicked.  He came over and asked if we had been served and I told him no.  He left, returned in a few minutes and apologized.  He was our server.  As we had been waiting for 20 minutes, we new EVERYTHING that we wanted and ordered:PepsiTea with LemonMeatballs as an appetizerWedding Soup (in place of salad)Veal Piccata (no mushrooms) with a side of potatoes Veal Parmagiana with linguine and red sauceOur server seemed perturbed that we already knew what we wanted and didn't want to listen to the specials.  Not only did he have a poor attitude from his first contact, but he didn't write anything down.  I didn't order any additional appetizers due to those two facts.  Our server promptly disappeared and we didn't see him for another ten minutes.  I saw every other server in the place several times.  Some of them even stopped to help us and bring bread -- they were all very nice people.  We finally received our drinks -- a Pepsi for my friend and I.  I asked the server if I could have the tea I ordered. He apologized and said he didn't know how he could have forgotten since he had commented earlier on how the kitchen had just brewed a fresh batch.And then the waiting started anew.  Our server didn't visit our table again for the next thirty minutes.  He would disappear.  He would stop and chat with other tables.  He would stand around and look as all of the other servers were running around, serving, and also helping to clean our server's tables.  He never helped with anyone else.  Thankfully the other servers refilled our drinks and brought bread to us.  We even managed to get the wedding soup from one of the other servers.  It was good.  It had more of a spinach flavor than many other Wedding soups I have eaten, but it was good.  Alas, we never saw our meatballs.Our food finally arrived.  The serving sizes were a wonderful size.  I was really not liking our server; but that was fine since I had been craving a good piccata for some time.  I wasn't even perturbed by the fact that I had broccoli instead of the potatoes the server stated came with my meal.  As I dug in, I was left in dismay.  The piccata didn't taste of lemon, capers, or wine in any way.  It tasted like a heavy, flour gravy.  To top it off my food wasn't hot, but tepid or lukewarm.I tried some of my friends veal parmagiana.  I then went to try some of his linguine to find that it was spaghetti.  I didn't hate it, but the red sauce had a weird aftertaste akin to the metallic aftertaste I get from artificial sweeteners.  I finished my food.I saw several dessert trays being sent to a larger party in the room next door, and the desserts looked good.  I was by no means full and could have eaten more; but I just didn't want to have to deal with this server anymore.  I can't help but wonder if Rachel C. had the same server I had.  So why I haven't I given 1 star?  A 1 star would mean that I would most likely never return, my friend didn't hate his food and I know that piccata is a difficult dish to make.  I think my experience was greatly colored by one of the worst servers I have ever had.  I will return at some point and make certain to try a different food and to get a different server.
3	We ate here in July and although I am a fan of the food-I think this place runs a bit of a scam...From what I can tell, they basically sell wine, although they claim to have someone run down the street or what have you.  So you pay them and tip them but no real running down the street ever happens.  I bet they have boxes of it back there.  That said, it's still probably cheaper than buying it.The service here I would describe as mixed.  We went on a night when it was DEAD.  It was just us and a few other people finishing up.  It was a Weds and it must have been about 9pm when we were seated.I can't recall our servers name after all that time, but he was a bit of a know it all.  If you get this guy you will know it...he will basically "suggest" this and that...but these aren't suggestions, he will probably poison you if you don't follow them.  I am only half joking.  He "suggested" only the most expensive stuff on the menu-but for me it was all good.  It was a great meal with a good friend I rarely see, but it was a little intimidating.  I actually think this guy deserves a good beating...god knows how many people he has done this to.  The pastas, the apps and the entrees were all, for me, solid to excellent.  If it was just on the food I would give them 5 stars, but the guy was a total ass...and I wouldn't eat here again.  I would rather eat at an ok restaurant (food wise) with great service than the opposite.  Our check was pretty steap, which is ok and we tipped Mr. recommendation well, but I can't endorse the place because of this.  Don't get me wrong-it was good enough to overlook the service as long as you can ensure you don't get this guy.  I don't know how to do that though, and I don't like being strong armed by anyone...least of all by some guy who brings me my food and is supposed to let ME decide.  Capiche?
4	One of our first finds in Pittsburgh!  Prices are fair, food is good and the service was great!  So great, that without the service, I would have rated La Tavola 3 stars.I've had the Tortellini and the Penne Fiorentina, which were both really good!  I'm usually more of a fan of lighter foods with lots of flavor.  No oily overly saucy pastas here!  The tortellini tasted really fresh to me and the cheese wasn't overdone.  The Penne Fiorentina was also very flavorful with a nice thick sauce.As I mentioned before, I've received excellent service at this restaurant.  The first time, our waiter was soooooooooo nice.  We barely waited for our table and he was very apologetic for the wait and kept insisting that he'd make sure to take care of us for the night.  He also made great food recommendations!  One of the suggestions was the Italian creme cake, which was delicious!Also, this restaurant is BYOB :)
4	BYOB..to me this typically translates to "Hey we are awesome, so yeah feel free to have a great evening by bringing your own good time in una bottle." And yeah...it always does. It just so happens that near the summit of Mt. Washington sits a little Italian place known as La Tavola Italiana that is nestled in despite the blistering winds that the Mountain may bring. Inside you will find plenty of seating in your typical Italian dinner spot (Excluding violent backroom interrogations and the occasional horse head.)When the waiter went over the menu I have to say he was not speak Italian simply because I am always in search of a truly Italian experience. That being said, he attempted so I give him a solid "A" for sforzo.I chose some mushroom dish as an appetizer but lets be honest..I ordered a giant mushroom. It was really good though, no complaints on the giant mushroom. (When you are at an Italian restaurant, one must always ask themselves, What would Mario do.) The dinner for me was Calamari in pasta. It was delicious. It if weren't for my body rejecting it during a soccer game later that evening I have to say I may even be raving about it even more. And yes..Mario would have played soccer for all those nay sayers out there.All in all, great service, great food with wine to boot. Definitely will consider coming back. On that note... It was eccellente!
2	Went here on a slow weeknight. The waiter was very friendly and awesome. BYOB is awesome. I wish I could say the same for the food.Bread... brought it out, I was late. Tried it. Gross. Brought out a fresh batch so I think... Okay it's fresh so now it will be better. False. Main dish. I dunno, I expected flavor. It was very blah. I could've easily made it myself, and for a fraction of the price. Maybe I had higher expectations than I should have? Maybe I like things too flavorful? Or maybe they need to step it up.
3	Boy took me to La Tavola on a Saturday evening. The very nice valet moved our car approximately four feet. I found this a bit strange, but moving on.La Tavola has a casual and busy feel to it. We made reservations for 8:30 pm and arrived about ten minutes early. The hostess seated us promptly. The restaurant was packed with large groups of people, may of whom brought bottles of wine and even coolers of beer to share. I don't mind BYOB. I like that I can bring my wine of choice. It avoids restaurant markups of alcohol. That being said, La Tavola's corking fees are reasonable. We started our meal with the fried ravioli appetizer (very good) and salads. My salad was overloaded with gorgonzola, which makes it the first time while dining that I had ever wished for less cheese. The bread baskets are actually garlic bread baskets. Keep this in mind and bring mints for later.Our server was one of the best waiters I have ever had.  He was cognizant of all of our needs and had a friendly personality. The menu is rather extensive, with a long list of pasta and meat entrees. I was in the mood for lasagna, and our waiter gave me a very honest and descriptive answer when I queried about it. (In a nutshell, "avoid,  La Tavola has better things to offer.") I always respect staff that know the strengths and weaknesses of a business. I chose the "Terra Sole", which was fuscilli with sausage and roasted red peppers in a tomato cream sauce. This was delicious, but less creamy than I expected. Probably more healthy, anyway.Boy chose the "Pasta Carmela" which is spicy linguine with a choice of meat. He thought this was "ok".  A veteran diner at La Tavola, boy has decided to avoid this dish in the future. Overall, a good (not great) dining experience. Prices are reasonable. A few notes. If you are looking for an intimate Italian dinner, go someplace else.  La Tavola gets very crowded (read: noisy) and I found myself constantly asking boy to repeat himself. On the other hand, if you are looking for hearty portions and friendly service, head to 1 Boggs Ave.
4	Great local restaurant on Mt. Washington. Perfect for a date night or a large group party. Large portions of homemade Italian, always fresh, new specials and the garlic bread is to die for! Don't forget a bottle of wine or two, it's BYOB!
5	This is by far my favorite restaurant in all of Pittsburgh.  I have been here for birthdays, dates and casual nights out.  The food is amazing and the service is great.  I am a particular fan of the Veal Romano, Eggplant Parm, Chicken Marsala.  The pastas are excellent as a main OR side dish, they are all homemade.  This is rustic Italian food at it's best, just like you would find in Italy.   Try it.. if your'e disappointed it just means you dont have an acquired taste for real Italian food.
4	Fun local neighborhood place to go. Old school Italian! Friendly staff with character!! Great pasta and fish special!  Italian wedding soup super per my 11 yr old. BYOB great too!
3	This is one of those places that you don't notice while driving by.  We stumbled upon it while looking for a more affordable dining option for a Friday night around Mt. Washington.  I had the Terra Sole, which tasted fresh and delicious, but did not have a particular "wow" factor.  I would say the food is mid-range as is the prices.  The service is great and friendly though.  Parking is available in a lot on the side of the restaurant.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh... and possibly in the entire Commonwealth of Pennsylvania! Each time I've been there I have tried a different dish and swear that each one is superior to the last. During my last visit to eat at Joe and Carmella's place I had the Chicken Romana, which for now is my favorite thing I've ever ordered there. I've tried Chicken Romana at other places since having theirs in January 2012, but just cannot match the deliciousness. If you're anywhere near Pittsburgh you should get in your car, pick up a bunch of your friends, pick up your enemies (because they won't be your enemies for long after you take 'em there), and head to Mount Worshington/Washington. You won't be disappointed.
4	I went to La Tavola Italiana last night with a (very cute) date and we had a great time. The waitor was very friendly and liked to joke around, as well as pretended my jokes were funny which I appreciated since I was on a date haha. We started with an order of artichoke hearts and they were very good, the portion was easily enough for both of us to share. For an entree I went with the shrimp scampi and my date the pasta with meatballs, neither of us wanted the included salad and the waitor was more than happy to offer a substitution of italian wedding soup which may have been the best I have ever had, and I have spent half of my life working in and being a patron of my uncles Brooklyn Italian restaurant as well as plenty of family dinners.The shrimp scampi was not prepared how I would have expected, pretty much just sauteed with lemon and a hint of garlic and broccoli on the side and with tails on instead of the traditional preparation over a bed of pasta. I loved the place so it pains me to have to say it was just "ok". My dates pasta with meatballs was a large portion with two large meatballs and she loved it, however she has a gutter pallet so I decided to give it a taste for myself and it was excellent. She ate her fill and we still left with at least half of her entree to go.All in all the place was excellent, the pricing was very fair, the staff very friendly, and the BYOB was the icing on the cake. I highly recommend La Tavola Italiana.
5	I have been to La Tavola on various occasions and am never let down. Whether it was an intimate anniversary dinner, a birthday party seating 16, or picking up food from the side kitchen to go - they are fantastic. The scallops are cooked to perfection and the seasonal menu items are delicious (hello pumpkin and butternut squash ravioli!) I highly recommend La Tavola - make reservations for the weekends! Week nights you can get in pretty easily. Extra bonuses: The wait staff is always friendly and informative, you never feel rushed or pushed out. BYOB - which is always fun.
1	Not a family / kid friendly place. Food was bland and service was horrible. Would not recommend this place.
5	Went with wife and two kids for dinner.  We had a great time. The food was delicious, service was great and ambiance just right.  Go here!  You will not be disappointed
5	Ahhh, what a great place! I stopped by here in mid-May with my cousin and I would come in here all the time if I lived in Pittsburgh. The owners were incredibly nice and you could tell that this is good old-fashioned family owned business. The pizza was mouth-watering and I really loved my veal parm sub. I would highly recommend this place and I hope I can stop in again someday!
2	it took us a while from the Duquesne incline to get there. We waited about one hour or so till we could finally eat the food. I ordered the lazangna. I was quite satisfied with it but it was still too much for me. The food ordered by my friends however is way too long to meet their expectations.
1	This place doesn't even deserve 1 star. It got one star because of the wine and I brought my own. Never have I ever experienced terrible service like this. Our server Katie was "annoyed" to open our wine, take our order and had a terrible attitude. our reservation was at 8:15....oh we are still here waiting for food! Pathetic.
4	The food is knockout. I come from a non-Italian background, so my experience is Olive Garden and Bravo - neither of which I care for. But the food at La Tavola, from the salad dressing, to the garlic bread, to the tiramisu is lovely. The 1st time we didn't have a reservation, but we had genuine smiles and 3 bottles of wine, the hostess found us a table and we had a great time, she was also our server. The 2nd time, reservations were made and we were even seated early (8:00) our server was non-existent. We had to get up and go get a pitcher of water for refills, and she overcharged us on the corkage fee. Supposed to be $5 for wine, she charged $7.50. The food was still amazing, so they get 4 stars - try the Chicken Jolina, named after the chef herself! They also had a number of chef's specials that sounded great - duck apple ravioli.. delicious.
4	After trekking though some unsavory parts of Mt. Washington and battling the Grandview traffic is not my cup of tea, this place makes every bit of the drive worth it. Be warned. This is not a fancy restaurant. They believe in good food and an unpretentious atmosphere. You may be seated at a long table on vinyl chairs, but the food that appears in front of you is your Nona's Italian cooking as you remember it. The service is slow, slow, slow!! They are fast to uncork your wine or beer (it's BYOB), but the food took such a long time to actually arrive at the table. The pasta is phenomenal, the cabanara is my favorite. Don't be afraid to ask the waitstaff questions. They are all very helpful and knowledgeable about the menu and preparations. Final thing is the price. It's wicked cheap if you don't uncork wine like a maniac. The quality of the food is far above what I'd expect at those prices.
3	I live in Mt. Washington and I love my neighborhood.  This is probably the best place for a night out on Mt. Wash, in my opinion.  The restaurants on Grandview are overpriced, outdated, and the food isn't that good in my opinion (yes, I'm looking at you, Monterey Bay, LeMont, Tin Angel, et al.).  I visited La Tavola for the third time since I've lived up on the Mount (where I've been for 3.5 years) on Friday, January 17.  I'll go over the positives - of which I find many - first.  First, my main course, the veal Polina, was done very well.  The veal is sliced thin and cooked (not breaded) with eggplant and proscuitto over it, and then covered with melted provolone.  I thought this was tasty and seasoned well.  It was not overcooked.  The veal was a little oily, but not so much to find it annoying.  Overall a great dish.I went with a large party and we all brought bottles of wine.  The staff was great about opening the wine in a timely fashion, and chilling the bottles of white at the table.  The corkage fee isn't bad.  The table ordered several appetizers for the group to share.  We had beans and greans with sausage, beans and greens without sausage, fried calamari, and something else I can't immediately recall.  I found these all very good and done very well.  The calamari was not over fried, and it wasn't overbatted (I hate seeing that at restaurants).  Another positive was that they offer gluten-free (rice) pasta.  My friend who had the gluten-free pasta thought it was done well and not overcooked.Some of the negatives were things that I didn't experience personally.  A few friends complained that their meals were cold (not warm at all).  I thought the service was kind of slow.  It took a long time to get our meals generally.  However, the server was pleasant.  They don't split more than 4 cards for a large party, but I learned this ahead of time when I  made reservations and we were encouraged to bring cash.  That worked out pretty well.BYOB is one of my favorite features here.  The dishes themselves aren't terribly pricey, but if you get the whole nine yards - appetizers, entrees, coffee, etc. - you will be likely to shell out around $40 a person.Overall, I thought it was a decent dining experience.  My food was good.  I think some of the negatives are service-related.  I would go back, though, and likely will.
5	First of all, I don't go to Italian restaurants.  My Italian grandmother lived to be 102 years old, and she taught me everything I know about cooking Italian food, so I am almost ALWAYS disappointed when I end up ordering from somebody's menu.  No brag, just fact... I am a great Italian cook, even though I don't look like one...So, it was with some trepidation that I accepted an invitation from my dining partner to check out one of her favorite places to go with the bigshots from work.  I knew I'd be disappointed.  Ooops... Guess what happened?  Yes, I loved it.  I loved it so much that I came back to explore the menu further.  And then I came back AGAIN to try what I had almost ordered the second time!  And NOW?  Well, NOW I'm actually signed up for a very pricey cooking class in the downstairs kitchen studio at La Tavola, hosted by a remarkable matron of the kitchen, Carmella.  Yes, I'm pretty serious about Italian cooking, and after three wonderful meals enjoyed by me, my partner, and some friends, I decided that the opportunity to learn from this lady was too good to pass up.  I can hardly wait - and of course, I selected a date when she is teaching a veal dish.  In fact, FIVE of us are attending Carmella's cooking class, and one of us has signed up for a second class already.  I plan to bring a nice primitivo, and one of my friends is bringing a couple of bottles of fine chianti, because La Tavola is BYOB.  I think they actually get around liquor law somewhat with their dessert menu, which features some high powered rum cake and limoncello sorbet.  From beginning to end, I have enjoyed every bite of everything I have sampled at this place since being turned on to it.  And we SHARE, so every time I've been there, I and my friends have ordered different dishes so we could have a broader sampling of the menu.The menu is very interesting.  It's a composite of tried-and-tested simplicity and creative genius for the more adventurous.  The dishes are very accurately described, and there is a lot to choose from, so bring your reading glasses and be prepared to waffle back and forth on your selection.The atmosphere of the place is SO VERY throwback.  It feels like New York City in the 60s or early 70s.  Honestly, if you were just driving around the neighborhood looking for a less expensive Mount Washington restaurant that DIDN'T have a view, you would probably drive right by this place.  But, in a fond memories of my Italian grandmother kind of way, it's VERY charming.  There is plenty of seating, and if you don't come early, you ARE going to wait.  Good things are worth waiting for, but my advice is to COME EARLY before they get slammed.  By the way, there's a REASON they get slammed, and it's NOT the decor or the view.I was very surprised to see any negative reviews of this place, and I have a few tips for you:1. Don't trust a review of Italian food by someone who doesn't know how to spell "lasagna."  The lasagna at La Tavola is excellent, but some people are used to Stouffer's, and their opinions don't count.2. Don't trust reviews from impatient reviewers who were unhappy with their experience because they had to wait too long for the food.  There's a REASON you had to wait too long.  People love this place, and they come back often, and sometimes really good food takes time to prepare, unlike the microwave crap that you are accustomed to.  By the way, REAL Italian families can spend HOURS at the dinner table when they gather.3. Don't trust reviewers who complain about getting "too much food" at an Italian restaurant.  Skinny jeans people have no place at a real Italian table, unless they don't mind finishing their meal over the course of several days, which apparently SOME people have a problem with.4. Don't trust reviews by people who claim to be Italians that expect EVERY dish to be over-garliced, over-spiced, and over-priced.  If they don't understand the SUBTLETIES of real Italian cooking, then they probably don't cook for themselves and have been duped by the HIPSTER purveyors of pseudo-Italian bastardizations.  If you want AUTHENTIC, then don't complain when AUTHENTIC doesn't tickle your burned out palate.5. Don't trust reviews of Italian food that are written by people who live in places like Utah, and who complain about the food being "blah" or claim that they could have made it cheaper themselves at home.  Really?  Subtlety in Italian cooking is authentic.  Simplicity in Italian cooking is authentic.Rant concluded.  Now, if you want me to repeat this in my NEW YORK ITALIAN kind of way, I'm going to require the use of my hands and a few expletives. CAPICHE?
1	We had heard great things about La Tavola and had heard it compared with some of our other favorite Italian places in the city so we were excited to book a reservation for Feb 15th.  I called and left a message three weeks ago. No one responded. I called back and spoke to someone - made the reservation for Feb. 15th. We showed up last night and it was crowded - we weren't impressed when we walked it but we were still hoping the food would be delicious.  Alas, we never got the chance because when were finally seated, we were given a "special Valentine's Menu" - there was NOTHING on the menu we wanted - it was all lamb chops, veal, lobster, etc. - and the prices were way off from what we'd seen when we saw the online menu. There were no traditional Italian dishes.  We waited about 15 minutes before someone came to our table because we wanted to confirm we couldn't get the regular menu. The waiter confirmed it and said we should have been told when we made the reservation.  We walked out - NEVER willing to give it another shot.  Any place that serves an overpriced special menu the day after Valentine's Day and doesn't offer any menu basics and doesn't notify someone when they make a reservation 3 weeks in advance is not some place we are willing to give another try. Luckily we snagged some bar seats in a local South Side Italian spot and had a great meal.
1	La Tavola is the worst meal I've had in years. Caprese salad was ice cold & laying in a river of olive oil. Then they charged $2.00 extra for blue cheese (without being told in advance) which was the best part of the salad. All that we could taste in our main dishes was salt & it was way overpriced for the lack of quality. Then to top it off, the waiter took our card, gave us everything to sign, and we've been waiting 15 minutes without the return of our card. We had to hunt down the waiter to get the card & he said "oh Jesus it slipped into my pocket" & pulled it out of his pants pocket. Olive Garden has better food. Since it is BYOB, that must be what brings people here...you get drunk & anything tastes good I guess.
5	We usually hit up La Tavola three or four times a year and it has been a staple of ours for New Year's Eve and Valentines Day that past 4 years. This year we actually had to postpone our V Day trip until tonight, but I think I may have had the best meal yet there.We started with the margarita pizza as an appetizer with their beans and greens. The waitress (who did a phenomenal job), suggested that we add sausage to them. I one up-ed her and asked to have the through in some fresh banana peppers as well. Awesome!My plate was a Louisiana style penne with shrimp, chicken, and sausage. The penne was cooked perfectly and although it isn't made fresh on-site, the flavors in the plate definitely made up for it.My wife's chicken parmesan was also excellent and the cannoli that the waitress brought us at the end topped it off.
4	After a bad experience at TGI Fridays, my boyfriend and I decided to check out more local restaurants to support local business as well as open up our taste buds to things other than chain restaurants. Having family in Mt. Washington, I pass it occasionally so it's always been a place I've wanted to try. This was our first stop...The food was excellent and a great start to more of a finer dining experience. It's fancy, but not suit-and-tie fancy, so if you want to come in a nice pair of jeans and a dress shirt - you're good. The food was great! We ordered the Pasta Carmela and it was enough to take home. The garlic sauce was light yet satisfying and had a zing of spice which perfected the meal. We also were served garlic bread and a salad with a wonderful house dressing that reminded me of an Italian/Balsamic mix. Also note that the place is BYOB. Enough said... The place itself sort of crammed which was one of the only downfalls, but overall the experience was pleasant. Service is great, too. I definitely would like to come back and allow others to experience this gem.
5	The BEST italian food in Pgh hands down. As if that is not enough to get you to return, their customer service is superior! I love a good BYOB & this is by far my fav!!! Great experience on every level!
4	It was only a matter of time until we tried La Tavola.  I felt like every time I turned around, someone was having a birthday celebration, wedding rehearsal dinner or big meet up at the Italian joint up on the hill.  I can completely see why!After being unable to get reservations a few days prior a few times, the wife and I secured a table and embarked on a double date with some close friends.  Walking though the front door (and to be honest, not exactly knowing where to go to find a hostess), we immediately realized this place is a family affair.  Massive dinning rooms we filled with more large (8+) parties than I think I've ever seen in a establishment.After being sat, our server immediately greeted us and opened our bottles of wine (BYOB!), explaining the restaurant concept and current fresh offerings as he went.  While the place was definitely buzzing, it wasn't too loud that a conversation couldn't be held.  As we were figuring out what we wanted to eat, one thing that resounded to me well was the sheer amount of contact the cooks, servers and owners had with their patrons (which completely explains my inclination that this is definitely a "regulars" place).After placing our orders, we were greeted with fresh garlic bread (generic, but tasty) and our appetizers (calamari and banana peppers) came out quickly.  Both were well executed, albeit a bit standard as well.  This trend continued with our entrees...  crab tortellini, porchetta, etc.  all well executed, tasty, but ultimately just missing something (we'll call it that "finishing touch").  I'm not a big cannoli eater, but our was one of the more delicious items we had, and the cannoli aficionado of the group definitely approved.Overall, we left stuffed, happy and glad our wallets hadn't been crushed.  While I don't think I'll go back all the time, La Tavola will definitely be a staple recommendation for people looking for a good group dinner spot.
2	Nice atmosphere - relaxed and homey.Server was just "okay". They make their own ranch dressing, which is a plus for me and it was very good. The garlic bread was excellent and our server kept up on making sure we had baskets with our wine. Meal was VERY disappointing. I was told this was the best Italian and best sauce in the city and I have experienced much better manicotti at Armstrong's in Caste Village. My sauce tasted burnt and it was lacking flavor. A friend had spaghetti and meatballs and the meatballs lacked flavor as well and another did not enjoy the Mediterrian couscous at all.I had such high hopes! I doubt I'll go back and that makes me sad because I was really looking forward to making this place a favorite.
2	I was told this place had the best Italian food in Pittsburgh.  I'm on a perpetual quest for the best Italian food in Pittsburgh.  It's a noble pursuit.  Right now I believe the best Italian food is at Centro Anni Alla Famiglia.I walked into this place and thought, "people who said this was going to be amazing are damn liars!"  It was not good.  The food was like Del's, and this is not an endorsement.  If you enjoy paying a lot of money for mediocre Italian food you'll be able to tell was once frozen and likely freezer burned, this is the place for you.Maybe they were having an off day.  I hope so, because I really love good Italian food.  I was just very underwhelmed.
5	Three people from Oregon chose this restaurant based on Yelp reviews. It was a healthy walk, and a ride up the Incline, from our downtown hotel -- and TOTALLY worth it. Our server was friendly, the bread and salad were good, the main dishes were excellent. My Veal La Tavola was absolutely delicious. Highly recommended.
1	This place is absolutely terrible! I don't even know where to start. The only pro in my eyes is that it's byob, however that aspect of it was promptly ruined for us as well.To start, we walked right into what was the main dining room with no hostess stand and no hostess. We weren't even sure if we came in the correct entrance because of this fact. Finally after standing there confused for about five solid minutes, a waiter came up and acknowledged us and said someone would be right there. About three minutes later we were finally sat..Sat at an awkward table that was basically in the middle of a walkway and we felt like we were in the way of everyone walking through.We sat there for 10 minutes without any sign of a waitress. Meanwhile we brought our own chilled wine and it was getting warmer as we sat there and waited for someone to come over, open it and acknowledge us. By time our waitress appeared we had already had time to look over the menu three times and were ready to order. She came over, opened our wine and ran away before we could even let her know we were ready to order. She comes back 20 MINUTES LATER. No exaggeration. She flat out says she forgot about us and laughs it off. Also our wine continued to get warmer because she did not bring us a chilled ice bucket for it, that every other table had except for ours. After I asked for it, we eventually got it.Finally the food comes out and it's nothing spectacular. My friend got a regular tomato sauce dish and the taste of hers was nothing greater than a jar of ragu in my opinion. I got the tortellini dish with crab and shrimp, well the veryyyy few pieces they included. It basically was just tortellini with two pieces of shrimp mixed in, in the spiciest sauce that wasn't even enjoyable. And to top it off, we never received a refill on our water the entire time we were there.In effort to make up for "forgetting about us" our waitress brought out a cannoli for the two of us to share at the end. That was the only good thing about this whole experience, but I could have forgone the cannoli for some actual legitimate service. She also brought one to another table, by surprise it seemed, so I wonder if she just neglects all her tables and uses that end trick? Who knows. Overall this place was awful. It also was so loud we could barely hear each other talk. Stay away. You can find better food and certainly better service almost anywhere else!
4	Quite pricey, but the food is absolutely delicious. You may get a little frustrated with how long it takes to get your food, but once you start eating, you'll realize that the wait was completely worth it. From the outside, this restaurant doesn't look like much more than a simple pizza shop; once you go in, you realize it's a full-scale fancy Italian restaurant!
4	I've been going here for about 10 years. My parents stumbled on it one night while in Mt. Washington so I decided to give it a try. I've done birthday dinners and a New Year's Eve about 10 years ago there. That night was great. We made reservations and asked what they could do for a party of 14. Gave us a fixed price for family style (including corking fee.) food was awesome and plentiful. Some Dishes I've had:Beans and greens: simple, nicely flavored and great appetizerFried zucchini: picky about this but gave it a try. They used a light bread crumb, maybe a panko? It was decent. Not the best I've had, but good. Linguini with clam sauce: very good. Must like garlic which I do. White sauce was light and not too laden with oil/butter. Chicken dish with bay leaves and apples: I can't remember  the name of this dish, but it's delicious!Other pastas on the menu I've tasted and all have been very good. My service has always been great here.  It's homey and the food is comfortable cooking.
4	Walking into the restaurant threw me off a bit. There's no one at the door to tell you where to go so it took us a minute to realize we were suppose to seat ourselves. The bread they give you at the beginning is really good. The side salad was also really good especially with all of the cheese crumbles. We ordered the calamari diavolo and that was very good. My boyfriend ordered the 1/2 rack of lamb and he said it was amazing. I ordered the pasta Carmela. It was good but I wasn't overly impressed. For dessert I ordered the pumpkin tiramisu and again it was good but I wasn't overly impressed. My boyfriend got the dolce amore chocolate cake with berries which was pretty good. Overall it was a nice experience. The waiter was very friendly. It was a little more expensive than we normally spend on a night out but we were on vacation. We would probably stop in again if we were in the area.
4	We had dinner here with friends - party of 4 - on Friday 10/31.  We were only able to get reservations at 6:30 as they said they were booked.  We got there and the restaurant was almost empty....and throughout the evening - there were MANY empty tables.  They definitely could have given us a later reservation.  The restaurant is definitely not fancy.  All types of dress would be acceptable.  We were dressed business casual, but there were many there in jeans.  The service was acceptable.  The food was very good and came at appropriate intervals so we did not feel rushed.  I would recommend this restaurant for a casual evening out.
4	I am going to take this down from 5 to 4 stars because it has been uneven as of late. Sometimes service is a bit slower or the food isn't quite as good, but this is till a very good place to dine.
4	I've been to La Tavola's many times. It's right up the street from my house. I highly recommend when making reservation to as for John as your server. He is very professional and knows the menu. Plus takes very good care of you. The food here is amazing. If your coming for your first time I recommend going on a week night. It gets very busy on the weekend and sometimes the food and service wasn't as good as it should have been. Their calamari di ablo is the best I've ever had!!! And if you like rack of lamb theirs is to die for!
