2	Square pizza on a cracker, I would have expected this novelty not last as long as it did, but it's still around. Quite a few have closed in the last two decades but the survivors have been some what revamped.I remember when first open, it was a new and fresh experience.  Pizza was tasty but you did feel like ordering a second or third one as one individual portion felt like the focaccia appetizers you would get at some good Italian restaurants.Ok, so nothing good to say on the portions, but wanting more was due to the fact it was tasty and good.  It's probably been over 10 years since I've had one but when Enoteca Mozza and Bottega were filled to the brim last night, it was a very reluctant choice over what are two great places to eat some pie.Should have gone with my instincts and tried harder convince my better half to drop her pizza craving.Pizza was bland and skimpy.  The charm of a crispy cracker as the base was quickly over as it was now just soft compressed piece of wonder bread.What used to be the deal maker for them, the olive oil infused with chili peppers to pour all over your dish, was colored canola oil.  Here is a tip for them;  When the oil runs out in the serving vessel, don't top it up with more oil, dried chili peppers can only stretch out so much and will reach a point where there is no more heat to infuse the oil.Oh well.... guess bad food is the price you pay to get a table outside on the terrace on a beautiful Friday night. Nothing worse than settling for mere convenience.  Maybe in 10 years I'll give it another shot.
1	Waited over 29 mins for my pizza! Yes you got it 29! I had to order a salad to cut down my appetite. The pizza is like one of those you buy in a freezer from a store, its just double the price. It was a sad pizza that didn't taste good. The staff was unfriendly, no apology  for the long wait.
4	We love this place and we eat there twice a month since we live next to the restaurant . I love the pizzas and the sandwiches , the salad and the appetizers. Crowded during lunch hour but the service is good. They also have a terrace but the street is noisy.
