4	A wonderful small bring your own wine Indian restaurant located on St Denis.my friends and I always try to make it here for some fine modestly priced Indian food. Daily specials, many, price fixed meals which include appetizer, entree, bread, and dessert and coffee. Decent prices here. The service is friendly, fast, and efficient. My mixed grill of Tandoori chicken, lamb, and chicken curry was wonderful. All meals served with a small silver dish of basmati rice. The restaurant is very easy to get to and very walkable from all areas. Our table was next to the sidewalk, sub level and the windows open to for fresh air and see the cosmo party foot traffic on St Denis.
4	Ambala was a great meal!We chose a starter, which they didn't have, but they brought something else they recommended instead, which was amazing.  We both had the curry (chicken for me, and beef for my girlfriend) and she had hers mild and I had mine medium.  I definitely tasted the spices and the hotness in mine, and everything had a great flavor to it.  The waiters were a little hard to understand, but they were extremely polite and everything was executed accurately.  They seemed to get busier as the night went on and were always taking take-out orders over the phone (restaurant must be a popular one).The best thing about this restaurant is that it's a "bring your own wine" place!  We brought a nice bottle of wine and when we sat down, they took it from us and they brought it back with a wine-key and two glasses, opened and poured it for us.All-in-all we were very happy with our experience there at Ambala!  Thanks guys!
4	Delicious!!!  We had butter chicken (which was a little sweet for me, but I think that's the dish, not the restaurant) and curry chicken and both were quite good.  The naan was fabulous, the service was quick, the waiter was friendly.  Add in that the place is BYOB and all I felt was lacking were the token peas that you usually get in the rice at Indian restaurants.The ambience was solidly middle-of-the-road.  It wasn't fancy and it wasn't a dive.  I think I remember that the music was a bit odd, though.Definitely check it out; we will be back after we've sampled a few of the other Indian places nearby that I've seen getting good reviews on Yelp.
1	Gah.  Complete turnaround between my first review and this one.  I think that the curry chicken we ordered the first time only seemed as good as it did because, in comparison to the overly-sweet butter chicken, it was appropriately spicy.  The second time around, however, we avoided the butter chicken and found that everything was too sweet.  In fact, the curry was not spicy at all.Furthermore, service was slooooooowww.  Like, 20 minutes before we ordered slow.  And 10 minutes and three requests before I could have a replacement fork slow.  So... I'm not sure that we'll return, which is a shame, because this place is so conveniently located and we all know that I love a BYOB.
1	Terrible food. Naan bread wasn't fully cooked, nor did it taste good. The beef samosas were dry and too deep fried, and the beef curry wasn't anything special. Worst Indian food I have ever had.
2	Why oh why do I get Indian food outside of Parc Extension? Laziness, thriftiness, a sense that everybody deserves a chance and there could be a hidden gem out there. I saw their menu in the mail and wanted to give them a chance. They've been open with same owners since '92,so they must be doing something right.I went to pick up and it was quick service. The decor is not much and it's a bit worn out, (even Parc Ex Indian restos have stepped it up a notch in that aspect), but it was the  empty resto at lunch hour (except for a table of 3) that really threw me off.The two good things about this place are the price and the huge selection (121 items including sides). You even get a discount for pick up. On top of that there's a 1 person special, 1 shrimp bhoona, 1 chicken Masala, 1 Veggie Cari, with naan, rice, small salad, pakora, samosa and a small desert. All for under $20 tax included.The bhoona was the biggest letdown, the shrimp were decent sized, but the sauce had no flavor whatsoever, it tasted like Indian frozen dinner in the sense that your taste buds just stop tasting halfway through. The Masala (not tikka as the chicken was not grilled) was a bit better, but not by much. Big chunks of slightly dry chicken breast, but the real letdown was the sauce, it had the right texture and tasted freshly made, but was so sugary, they should be handing this out at Halloween.I normally love this dish elsewhere since it's butter chicken's meaner, tougher cousin, I dread to think how they make their butter chicken if this is what they put out as masala.The vegetable curry was more of an aloo gobi, which is a can't miss, but here the veggies were stale and limp and had no taste.The samosa was ok, except for the peas which were not cooked.I asked for spicy when ordering and this was beyond mild, I know the clientele in this area is probably not looking for the hottest cuisine, but Rajasthan down the road can kick it up a notch if we ask them. This would only be a good deal in terms of value and selection, most dishes are in the $10 range and the menu makes me drool because there's a lot of items that not too many places have. But, ill stick to my faves for the time being
