5	I always seem to end up here in Montreal, and I love it.  At the dirty far end of Ste. Catherine st. is this gem of a punk rock irish dive bar that serves chinese food.  Bizarre awesome.  I always fid new friends here and get ito adventures.
3	Now closed but once wasa cool place, except on Artsand Crafts Mondays.
2	Ok it's a dive bar. Fine but the drinks are cheap and the locals are cool with visitors. There are some nice women that stop in during the weekends and a few are even friendly!! Wow! Use the local currency..no credit cards.
4	4 stars here are not for the food...the entertainment here is fantastic.  I go about once a month.  The musicians are top class, any night!  Go after 9pm when the music starts.  There are always a couple of entertaining regulars to watch as well...Don't order a soda pop though, costs almost as much as a beer...(why would you order a soda pop in a bar anyways?)  Your designated driver will have to drink water!!
2	Ok...here's my big complaint about this place.  They do not take credit cards!  I am usually annoyed at places that don't take Amex, but this place doesn't take any!There's an ATM at the front of the place that, (because I am a stubborn bugger), I won't use.  I will walk a block or two to a bank before giving the bar my $2 to take cash out of their machine because they won't take credit cards...ridiculous to me.That's my rant, and the reason for only 2 stars this time.  Sometimes a guy just wants to pay how he wants to pay.I'll keep going though because of the musicians they hire.
4	My wife and I were here years ago, glad it's still around.  I'll give you a little story about this place.We we're in town visiting mon grandmere, and had to get out of the house, get away.  We had our 8 month old daughter and we had a rental car and were trying to find a place to grab a cocktail with our daughter in tow.  We parked and started walking.  A bar we went into said no minors allowed unless they served food.  So we popped our head into like two or three more bars and none sold food but a person told us about the Cock'n Bull Pub close by.  Not knowing we were being followed by 2 Montreal Police Officers we asked do you serve food when we entered, they did so we pulled up to the bar.  The Bobbies came in moments after and started questioning us, they asked if we were trying to sell our child, since we had popped into so many bars getting to theirs.  These police said you should not have children anymore and we are bad parents, we were stunned, like are you kidding me.  Our daughter hated her shoes at 8 mos and would always kick them off, so the police said our daughter had no shoes and again we were bad parents, well the English bartender had enough of this bullying and just got totaly pissed and told them to get the F out of his bar, we serve food here and they are our customers.  He was great.  After he was done those two police officers left with their tails between their legs.  Montreal has some arogant people and officers but this English pub is great.Let me say, I don't remember what we ate, if anything, but we got our drink on before going back to grand ma ma's.
4	Main reason I would come here was for the extremely cheap beer, the setup is also pretty good for watching games.
4	$20 for 4L of beer! Great pre-drinking place! Very nice staff!
3	This is one of my 'secret' pub downtown, because there aren't a lot of people that would go there, especially on week nights: from the outside, it looks shady and ugly, but it's a pretty cozy place. The beer is good and cheap, and there do have nice entertaining shows from time to time.Overall, a nice little pub :P
3	Another Sergakis location. Food ordered from here actually gets made at sports station and then run over. Different vibe from station and kbox, much more relax and less Tvs.
1	Use to be the best bar in Montreal. Great music, great food from several cooks, great people and great vibes but everything went to sh*t when Sergakis bought the building so he could try to get the VLTs and kick out the owners. Hasn't been a very pleasant place to be since!
