5	The server we had was amazing. I had a bottle of Saratoga water and they would never let my glass get half empty. The food was amazing. The salad area had a lot of great things that you wouldn't find on a normal salad bar. The cinnamon bananas were so good. Of course, the meat was incredible. Eat every kind that they offer you and get seconds on both types of lamb. I highly recommend eating here. You will feel like royalty.
5	Outstanding! I've eaten at several of the other locations, and I'm happy to welcome them to Pittsburgh. They have only been open a week.  I went with my niece (who has never been before), her husband (who has been to several locations, as well) and their sons.  Everyone had a good time. The Boys were in heaven. They have done a great job with this location. The service was outstanding. We were taken care of without feeling smothered. The flow of the meat and the knowledge of the servers was great. They took time to explain what they were serving and finding out the favorites.  Our main waiter, Jonathon, was attentive and friendly. He took time to make the 'newbies' feel welcome. The salad bar is worth the price of admission, but the different meats is the reason we all come.  They were all prepared perfectly.  The Boys loved anything wrapped in bacon (and who can blame them).  Even dessert was amazing - save room for the Bananas Foster Pie. Can't wait to go back.
5	Great service, tasty food.  I'm glad we finally got a good Brazilian steak house in Pittsburgh!  I've been to the other two in PGH and the food and service do not come close to comparing.  I've been to Fogo De Chao (multiple cities), Chima, and a few other Brazilian Steakhouse as I travel the county for my job and this is right up there with them in food quality and service.  I'm not sure what the other reviewers are saying about the bad service, but the service here was awesome.  They were fast and dealt extremely well with getting the meat we wanted as well as cooked to the right temperature for various likings at our table.  Simply put....I'll be back.  Can't say the same for the greenforest cafe or the palms.  btw...my wife is originally from Brazil and I've eaten at Churrascaria in Sao Paulo and Rio in addition to all the chains here in the USA, so I can confidently say this is definitely one of the better ones!
4	Great service, decor and food. I was very pleased with my overall experience at this new Pittsburgh Churrascaria. I've been to quite a few Brazilian steakhouses and the quality of meat here is one of the highest I've had. The flank steak was my favorite, with a gamier, more grassy flavor to the meat. Very different and awesome. The quality of the filet mignon was excellent, too, and I consider myself a filet connosieur. :) Try the traditional Brazilian drink Caipirinha. It is a sweeter, smoother version of a margarita but made with rum. They have a few flavors, strawberry being my favorite. Our server Eddie was incredibly personable, funny, and efficient. He took care of all of my food allergies and let me know what was safe! Gluten free info: most of the meats are gluten free, but a lot of the salad bar/hot food bar items aren't. In fact, I was told every hot food bar item had gluten in it, as well as the bread, salami, shrimp and salmon on the salad bar. No Fogo de Chao similarities there.Soy allergy: do not eat any meat that has been marinated, no salad dressings, no marinated items on the salad bar. All have soybean oil. However, the chef specially made cuts of meat for me without marinade so I could sample everything! Very hospitable. There was a little miscommunication about what was safe for me to eat, but considering this is a new restaurant and I have a billion food allergies, they worked very hard to make sure I didn't get sick!
2	I'm torn on how to review this restaurant. Given the lack of choices in da Burgh for Brazilian steakhouses, I might rate it 3 stars. Compared to other Texas de Brazil locations I have tried, this restaurant rates 1 star. Over all, I decided to average it out at 2. It isn't at all bad, but it should be much better.Other reviews have covered the experience so I'll stick to what didn't work, and then mention the things that did.The salad bar is nice, but not half the size of what is normally offered at a Texas de Brazil. I will sometimes opt for just the salad bar, but this one doesn't have the selection. Usually I would tell vegetarians they could eat here and be happy, I'm not sure I would recommend this location.Meat is the star of the show. It was sadly lacking here. The meat we got was good, but they had maybe half as many gauchos as normal. The experience is supposed to be like a meat parade - the meat comes in so many cuts and options, and so fast, that you can't keep up, and very quickly have to flip your card over to say you've had enough, at least for now. Here that never happened. The meats came around so infrequently we nearly always sat with an empty plate before the next gaucho came around. Of the advertised cuts of meat, we saw just about half in the time we were there. Usually picanha is rotated through frequently, but here it came by only twice. Flank and leg of lamb came by once. We were offered filet, chicken, and sausage many times.Also, at the beginning they ask if there is any specific cut you like, and we said beef ribs, which is our favorite. When we were ready to leave, they still had not come out so we asked again. They did come out, but the meat was dried out and not very appetizing. High points were my caipirinha, the lobster bisque, and I'll give them bonus points for the fact three different people asked us if we liked our table or if we would like to move. The experience was summed up by my boyfriend asking at the end of the meal if I could take him someplace else for his birthday, since this wasn't quite what he was hoping for.
5	My husband and I had a great new dining experience at Texas De Brazil, one of the greatest eating experience we've ever had in a long time.  This was a completely new experience for us.Our server, Livingstone made our experience enjoyable. he was attentive, courteous,and entertaining at the same time.I loved it! it is definitely pricey but considering the quality of meat that they offer at an unlimited portion, it's understandable.We had to come try the Brazilian restauant, it was well worth it!we'll be returning soon,hopefully!I will be recommending Texas De Brazil to my family and friends.
5	Amazing!!  Unlike other reviewers, I have never been to a Brazilian steakhouse, so I have nothing to compare it to; however, I know what I like and it was great.Let's start with the service.  From the very beginning, our main waiter was very helpful in explaining everything to us and once we mentioned my wife's food allergy, they were more than accommodating to her.  The chef came to our table and gave us a tour of the salad bar to let her know what she could eat and not.  They even prepared some of the marinated meats without the marinade so she could sample all cuts of meat.  In addition, our waiter made some suggestions about what sauces to use and even got us a plate from the salad bar with some of his suggestions.  Also, unlike what another reviewer stated about only seeing certain cuts of meat once, we saw all they had that night multiple times and if we were waiting on something specific, our waiter had one of the gauchos bring it to our table.  Although i wanted to try everything, i had to turn the card to red so i had some time to eat since they came by so often.The food was top notch too, which was to be expected.  The only two meats I did not like very well were the leg of lamb (personal preference) and the pork loin (seemed a little dry), but all the other meats were amazing from the picanha (try the garlic) to the filet to the flank (try making a "taco" with the pineapple carpaccio as the tortilla with chimichurri and marinated onions on top) to the lamb chops.  There was even a point when the waiter brought the list of meats they had to make sure i got to try everything i wanted too with the only disappointment being they did not have the ribs when we were there.The hot sides were ok with the cheese bread and bananas being the best.  The garlic mashed potatoes were decent but not amazing.  The lobster bisque was very flavorful and everything on the salad bar was good although I stuck mostly with the smoked salmon and cheeses.This will definitely be our celebratory dinner option from now on.
3	Having experienced TDB in Aruba and then again in Orlando...the states still haven't met the standards of the Happy Island of Aruba when it comes to this steakhouse.  With that said, the Pittsburgh location was hands down a better atmosphere than the Orlando restaurant, and the food was great.  If you've never been to another one, the salad bar is fantastic.  If you've been to the TDB in Aruba...it's a little lacking.  I will say that no one really goes to a Brazilian steakhouse for salad...and the meat was excellent.  Even better than the food was our server, who was incredibly knowledgeable about the authentic Brazilian cocktails, the seasonings on the meats, and very attentive to our table.  This would be a great spot for a business dinner, any celebration, and the start to any guys-night-out/bachelor party etc.  It's a meat fest for sure, and I recommend fasting for at least 8 hours so you truly get your monies worth.
5	Been going to TDB for about 6 years now. I can't get enough. One has now opened in Pittsburgh n its great. I used to not be able to decide which I liked better, Fogo or TDB but I must say TDB has won the battles my last few times comparing the two. The lamb chops are only one rib now but who cares. Get twice as many!  What's not to like? Yeah it's like 50 bucks a person but I like sushi and this is cheap compared to that. And I can eat lusciously cooked meat till I'm dizzy!  Its the American dream.Update. 6-8-2014I edited and deleted  a prior update in which my office staff and I were treated like shit at the front by the hostesses and female manager. Believe me I am overly polite. Anyway corporate apologized and after swearing I'd never go back to this tdb location (I've had nothing but fantastic experiences at all othe locations) I broke down to appease my protein addiction and came back. The wait staff is awesome. The food is awesome. I stick to my guns tho. I don't care if they black list me when I go in....the dead beat hostesses and the female manager are about as friendly as dead fish. Everything else is great!I'll be back and I'll just ignore the greeters. If u can call them that.
4	Pros:Cool atmoshereGreat steak & lambGood serviceGood side dishesCons:pork wasn't that goodsalad bar is lackinglobster bisque had NO lobster and was bland
4	Really good but way too much food.  I felt full even the next day which is not normal for me at all, I am always hungry.  You may think you have to like beef to go here well I don't and liked it anyway.  There is a big salad bar with all kinds of good things and there are plenty of other kinds of meat that they bring around to your table including chicken, pork, and lamb.  I really liked the Parmesan pork!
2	It doesn't compare to Green Forest.  No free refills on soda is probably my biggest pet peeve in the restaurant business. You ask for a coke, and they bring you a tiny bottle. When I pay this amount of money, I expect certain things. Free refills is one of them.The food. It wasn't wonderful. Most of it was over cooked. Every slice we got was medium well, grey, and not at all juicy. Our waitress seemed like she was bothered when I asked her to have certain cuts of meat come back around. I wouldn't of had to ask her that, if the staff that carried the meat wouldn't of skipped our table most of the time.  It was happy hour when I went. They had a sign outside of the restaurant telling me so. So when I asked for a drink, the waitress said, "sorry thats only at the bar". I said ok, can I go get a drink at the bar and bring it back here? She said no. I mean really?! The Green Forest was a much better experience. It had more cuts of meat, at a better cook temp. They offer free refills on soda, the wait staff was much better at the Green Forest too.  Don't believe the hype. Go to Green Forest, you will be happier
5	I can't think of anything to say, other than "wow". This place is amazing. I highly recommend a reservation, at least on the weekend, as the restaurant was very busy. We had a reservation and showed up early for drinks. We checked in with hostess and saddled up to bar. The service at bar and for dinner was amazing. The potatoes au gratin were amazing, as was everything at the buffet. The meats were cooked perfectly and beyond delicious. This is a great place for a date, a celebration, or just a nice dinner.
5	The food and service were excellent! If I had to describe it, it would be like Nicolas Cage set up a bunch of mirrors so it looked like there were infinite mirrors then stood in front of them whispering "Nicolas Cage" until he fell asleep standing up.
3	I went to the Texas De Brazil today,  I have to say I didn't think it was as good as the Texas De Brazil in Aruba.  So I was a little disappointed,  I didn't like how close the tables were to each other, it felt crowded.  When I  got up to walk to the salad bar or restroom I was bumping into people.  The food at the salad bar wasn't bad.  I just think for the price we paid there should have been more selections.  We ate there at 5:45 , its probably better to eat there later,  when we were at the salad bar there were a lot of people around it, the line was moving really slow.The meat selection was okay, but I think they gave really small pieces compared to what I remember in Aruba.   The deserts were really good.The waiter we had was slow it seemed like we waited along time for things, because they said they were busy,  restaurants always give that excuse.I don't know if I'll go back there, I feel for me its not worth the price since I don't eat that much.
3	I've been to the Texas De Brazil in Aruba several times so we were excited to see one open in Pittsburgh. In Aruba, the service is exceptional, but I always assumed it was because we were at a tourist destination. The service at the Pittsburgh restaurant was also really great, which was a wonderful surprise. The staff would ask us often if there were any meats we were looking to try and would make sure a server with that meat stopped by our table. They also gave us tips on what sauces from the salad bar worked well with the meats. Our server that refilled our water, took our dirty plates, and handled our check, however, was not very good. He barely checked on us and we went a good 20 minutes with empty water glasses and when you're eating a lot of salty meats, that water is a must! He also acted really put-off by the fact that we asked for a split check since we were dining with another couple, which I thought was strange.The meats are usually rare to medium, but you can ask for well done. There's a good variety of beef, chicken, pork, lamb, and sausage. My favorites were the garlic medallion steak and the Parmesan pork. They also serve fried bananas and mashed potatoes as side dishes for each table. In aruba, they serve fried plantains, which we liked better, but I guess if you're in the US they opt for banana. It was still good though. You can't really go wrong with a banana fried in cinnamon and sugar.The salad bar has a great variety and also serves non-salad bar items like sushi. If you go with a group, you can opt to get just the salad bar and no meat for a reduced price. My biggest complaint with the Pittsburgh location is they crammed way too many tables into the dining room. You're bumping into people non stop. They really need to remove some of the tables so that people can move around better and not feel cramped.
4	BJ may not be my Daddy, but I took him to Texas De Brazil for Father's Day anyway!We have dined at locations in Florida and Illinois, so we knew exactly what to expect from Texas De Brazil.  But what we didn't expect was the "Burghin-ization" of this chain.  At other locations, you are greeted at an elegant and serene hostess stand away from the dining room.  In Da Burgh, it's more like walking into a high school gymnasium.  We had to shout at the hostess so she could hear our names.  The acoustics are horrendous.  The beautiful lighting fixtures are lost in the din of the ugly black ceiling.  The tables are helter skelter.  As another diner mentions, you can't go to the ladies room without having to knock at least 3 people over.  The elegant salad bar topped with their signature massive floral arrangement seems surrounded by the homeless lining up for their last meal.  Even the gauchos are different here.  Some of them are a wee bit timid, rather then proudly strutting around to show their meat. Maybe they will get of the hang of it.  Maybe not.  Where are the elegant white table linens?  Where is the incredible service?  To our dear servers, I am sure you are exhausted.  But please don't complain to me about how hard to you have to work and how much your feet hurt.  I am here to celebrate!  Only in Pittsburgh.  Now if you can just get by all that.....We loved dining here.  Even with the lack of ambiance and stiff service, the food is still the number one star.  The salad and hot food bar is amazing.  The lobster bisque is delicious.  The salads are incredible.  And the Brazilian potato salad and marinated veggies are so good.  I am in love with the  pineapple carpaccio.  We loved adding the mushrooms with our beef.  And I am not sure why, but every meat tastes extraordinary at TDB.  Love the anticipation of waiting to see what yummy meat will show up our table next.  When we weren't seeing the bacon wrapped filet, we had to ask for it.  And we had to ask a second time.  So, don't be timid about asking for anything in particular.  For dessert, not included, we shared an incredible slice of pecan pie a la mode.  Sweet ending to an incredible meal.Just a couple of helpful tips.  Try not to eat anything on the day of your visit.  Maybe even the evening before.  It would be a shame to not be able to try all of the TDB offerings.  And be sure to visit their web site and sign up for their E-club.  I see a free birthday and anniversary meal in your future.
1	Insanely over priced salty meat that made me beyond sick. I've never been so ill from a meal in my life. It was $64 for buffet, dinner, one glass of wine and tip. No thanks.
4	First time experience and it was good. I was highly impressed with there choices at the salad bar. So many choices and it was all very good. The meat choices were all good on an average. Some I didn't care for and some were good. The only choice that stood out for me was the garlic sirloin, which is odd for the cut of meat and what I usually prefer. This is my first experience at a Brazilian steakhouse so I have no comparisons, but the meat quality was average to good nothing special. I definitely will be bringing others back here every once in a while.The only negative thing I can really say is the whole red/green card thing was a joke. They didn't follow that one bit and started asking us for meat as soon as we sat down eating our salads. it seemed like they ignored that and just brought us whatever meat based of the table next to us and what they were eating. It made it a little hard to enjoy when they showed up with 4 cuts of meat at once and nothing for 5  minutes. They could of done a better job a timing and spacing it out. It was like all or nothing it seemed. Overall that wouldn't prevent me from coming back.
1	After giving up on the staff at Joe's Crab Shack for my father's birthday dinner (for some reason he likes it there, why, I don't know), my family settled on trying Texas de Brazil based on some initial feedback we had received from a friend and the sheer smell of meat radiating across the plaza.  The wife and I had an OK previous experience at Green Forest, but unfortunately, Texas de Brazil left us rather dissatisfied with the entire evening.Following a rather disorganized seating process (the hostess more or less insisted we head to the bar to wait, but no sooner did we get there and attempt to order drinks, two separate servers tried to come seat us), we were sat at a table.  We waited an easy 5-10 minutes before anyone even came to the table.Once our server arrived, he more or less just said to go grab our food (we still hadn't received water at this point), at which time, we interjected that two of our guests would be getting the lite dinner option (which he immediately became disgruntled and attempted to insist that they get the full dinner - go figure, the meals were $20 cheaper).Throughout the evening, we only received one refill on water even though our glasses were consistently empty.  Also, while it seemed there were a wide variety of meats to be enjoyed, the same 3-4 options kept being brought to the table (on our way out, I noticed 3 different meats that never even made it to our table to try).  In addition, the cheese bread, potatoes, and bananas all went un-replenished once the first set was eaten.After a certain point, we simply decided we wanted to cut our losses and leave the restaurant (but we couldn't, as the server couldn't be found to ask for the check - we had to ask a gaucho to find him for us).  The final straw in our experience was the fact that we were charged 18% gratuity for what has been the worse service we've received year to date in Pittsburgh.This is why I don't let family pick restaurants for celebratory dinners.  For the $43 + tax/gratuity per person that we had to drop on this bucket, I could of easily taken them to any of the best-in-class joints the burgh has to offer.  What a waste.
4	After anxiously awaiting a new brazilian churrascaria, Hubs and I made reservations at TDB for restaurant week. The special was their typical buffet and meats with a dessert option or 35$. It was actually a pretty good deal and ened up saving us $30 total. Upon walking in, I was blown away by he size of this place. Gigantic. It was also very busy as there was a late aftenoon private game that had just ended. I'm glad we made reservations seeing there was an hour and a half wait! We were quickly seated and the server helped us pick out a glass of wine. We were given a small bread basket with round, cheesy bread balls and were instructed to help ourselves to the appetizer buffet. The buffet has a selection of prepared salads, some seafood, meats and cheeses as well as greens/veggies to make a salad. After a quick salad, I was ready for the good stuff-the meats! Our server brought over our wine as well as fresh plates, a side of fried bananas to cleanse the palate and mashed potatoes. We turned our coaster to green and anxiously waited . . . and waited . . . and waited. We saw several skewers of meat come out of the kitchen but then they retuned to the kitchen area empty without coming anywhere near our table. I'm not sure if they didn't realize that we were waiting or if it was tso busy that they didn't make it to our table before running out but we missed many tasty looking meats. Our server stopped by to ask how it was going noticing our plates were empty. I explained the situation and within two minutes, the meat was exiting the kitchen in the opposite direction and headed toward our table. We tried the filet, ribs, lamb chops, leg of lamb, skirt steak, sirloin steak, rotisserie chicken, chicken wraped in bacon, parmesan crusted pork loin (my favorite) and plenty more. We lost track after 12 different meats. After having our fill, we both chose the banana foster pie for dessert. It too was so tasty and delicious. We left our meal feeling very pleased with the overall experience. My only criticism is that our other favorite churrascaria  (Green Forest) has a better appetizer buffet with a bigger selection of seafood items.
3	This is a fun place to eat, although it does not have as many authentic Brazilian dishes as Green Forest.  The price seems reasonable, given the amount of food.  They made a big deal out of telling us to turn over the medallion to the red side if you did not want additional meat brought to your table, however they kept bringing the meat anyway.  It's just a had place to have serious or quiet conversation, there are a lot of interruptions.  I loved the marvelous cheeses on the salad bar.  The meat was cooked perfectly.
2	Visiting Pittsburgh from Chicago to see the Bears beat up on the Steelers and to enjoy an incredible meal at Texas De Brazil. Entering the steak sanctuary I was telenovela by the incredible atmosphere and the positive energy of staff and patrons. The salad bar was well presented but lacked the selection of other Brazilian banquets I have been blessed to experience. I loved the hospitality of our server Eddie and his knowledge of the entire menu. Unfortunately things took a turn for the worse about halfway through our experience. The Gauchos turned into 'Gone'choes. I had to ask multiple times for our server and water guy to find some meat. Steelers fans at the table next to us are placing the magical green coasters on their forehead in an attempt to get someone, anyone's attention. After requesting our check, we had to wait nearly 30 mins. I really, really wish that they could have had the stamina to create a great experience from door to door. While there were good aspects of the experience, I struggle to give Texas De Bra'slow' more than two snail pace stars.
2	Great food. Excellent food. The service, though very nice was INCREDIBLY...EPICALLY slow. Felt like we were getting hungry again waiting for the check.
4	Very Good.All you can eat.  Meat of all kinds and lots of it. Cooked anyway you like it.Salad bar was also Great.  Service was also great.  If your a meat eater this place is a must when in Pittsburg.It is Zuverman approved.
4	Excellent salad bar, Cory our server was very attentive. The Parmesan crusted chicken was out of this world. Well well worth the money.  Order a bottle of reasonably priced Simi and your loving life.
3	I had a free entree coupon for my birthday so we figured we would give the newest Brazilian steak house in town a try.  Upon entering, I was immediately struck by how cold and unwelcoming it felt.  It was rather industrial in decor and seemed like they were trying too hard to be trendy.  We were the first table seated for the evening, so everyone was eager to bring food, drinks, etc.  First, drinks are very expensive.  Not that I didn't expect that given the type of meal and location, but $2.50 for a non refillable eight ounce bottle of coke seems a bit extreme.The salad bar looked impressive, but I was expecting more.  Everything I tried was decent, but nothing jumped out as remarkable.  I was also hoping for more than just one type of sushi.  I felt the same way about the meats.  It did not seem that there was the variety that there were at other Brazilian steak houses that I have been to.  All of the meat was decent, but none stood out as favorites.  If I did have to name a favorite, it would be the lamb chop.  It seemed that rather than have a variety of meats and flavors, the same flavors were put on two or three different meats.  Service was exceptional.  Constant refills on water, meat, etc.  We were also visited twice by managers to ask if everything was OK with our meal and if we needed anything.Overall an OK experience, but not worth what the price would have been if we paid for two dinners.  Next time I want a Brazilian steak experience, I'll stick with Green Forest in Penn Hills.
3	This was my first time a the Pittsburgh location.  I have mixed feelings compared to my visits to the Ft Worth, TX location.  The food was good, the service was average with a "rushed" feel.  The location is all open inside and pretty loud.  They were very busy when we visited on a Saturday evening.  We had reservations, but still had to wait for a table.  That is a little annoying to me.  This place really noisy and in my opinion has too many tables crammed in.  The wine I had ordered wasn't available.  The server did not know anything about wine or drinks.  Seemed like college kids working at the place.  You could see that the servers were rushing everywhere.  There were not as many people serving meats as the Ft Worth, TX location.  There were kids all over the place and at the salad bar eating right off it with no staff doing much about the situation.  Mostly parents to blame on that deal, but also part managing staff as well.  Overall ok experience, but was not what I was expecting from previous visits to other locations.  You can wear jeans and a tee-shirt here and be just fine.  I will go back, but I'm not in a rush to visit the place again.
4	Good brazilian steakhouse, average pricing tho. I recommend it to a friend. I'll definitely get back there!
3	Meat, meat and more meat. If you love meat, you'll probably love this place. If you like meat, it will still be okay, but you may not love it. That's where I'm at with this joint. I love lamb, and while the lamb chops were good, the rack of lamb of lamb wasn't really. The filet was excellent, as was expected. The other meats were good as well. I guess where I felt the place was missing was the salad bar. The other Brazilian steakhouse I've been to had a bomb salad bar. While meat should be the strongest thing, I feel the salad bar should be equal. You can't have a great meal without great sides, right?! Mostly everything I picked up off the bar I wasn't thrilled about. And it was a smaller selection than I thought it would be. Service was excellent, but i would have expected that one because they must be attentive to be bringing you all the meat, meat and more meat and two because the place was pretty dead. It will cost you a pretty penny if you're not indulging though, since the whole meal is around $44. At that point you almost HAVE to keep the courses coming just to get your money's worth. And that, my friends, is not worth it to me.
5	This was an epic meal. If you like meat then this is a must visit resturant. I don't say this often but everything was amazing. Every cut was tender and perfectly seasoned. There is not one menu item I would criticize. The salad bar that was included provided perfect accompaniments  for the cuts of meat. Balsamic onions, roasted garlic cloves, and a nice selection of cheeses just to name a few, enhanced the flavors of the meat. While potatoes, beans and rice provided the starch component. I had heard bad things about the speed of the servers and the quality of the service. I want to say my experience was the exact opposite. My server? Awesomeness! The speed of the carvers was great. I found myself turning over my card to red something I never did at the smaller Green Forrest resturant. They also would prepare the cuts to order . I can not wait to go back.
4	We had a terrific meal! There was a constant flow of meat! Top sirloin was our favorite! The ladies would have liked just getting the salad bar - there were plenty of filling treats there! Salmon and shrimp, cheese, rice and soup - plus lots of veggies! My only criticism is that the food was a little salty.
4	I first was introduced to this restaurant when living in Fort Worth Texas for a year. I loved this place! It's a Brazilian churrascaria  which really means it's a Brazilian cowboy barbecue. Sounds simple enough but it's better!!! This is an all you can eat monster meat bonanza like nothing you have experienced before unless you've eaten here.It's an all you can eat buffet but here's the twist... servers walk around with sword like skewers full of the best cuts of meat cooked to perfection. You have a little disk you flip over from red for no I'm good to green which is load me up with meat. This is the highlight of this wonderful place to eat. That isn't to take away from the salad bar which has many great items itself such as the prosciutto or the awesome cheeses. Did I also mention that yes they also have a full service bar that is spot on!
4	Wow. If you leave this place hungry, shame on you.  We dined here for pittsburghrestaurantweek.com and loved our experience.  The salad bar is what gives it the 4 instead of 5 stars. The selections were not anything spectacular.  I was expecting something a bit more Latin  or Brazilian. The guachos were a bit slow to come around in the beginning, but soon were to frequent and brought delicious everything. The bacon wrapped filet was out of this world. The leg of lamb was to die for. Our wine took a while to get to the table but wine service was great. I was so full I brought dessert home. For the restaurant week special the $35.14 price was amazingly worth it. They ended up getting $125 from us because of alcohol and coffee.  I will definitely be back.  Desiree was our fabulous server.  Her awesome accent made it a great experience.
4	I went along with a few friends on a Friday during restaurant week. We had a reservation for 9pm and arrived just minutes before 9. However we were instructed to wait for our table at the bar and it would be 930 when they finally paged us. It was a disappointing start since when you make a reservation and the restaurant takes it, you expect to be seated at that time. Fortunately, things were about to get better. The salad bar was decent, not as big as the one at fogo de chao but not shabby at all. The real star however, was the different cuts of meat for sure. Generally speaking, everything I tried was juicy and seasoned well. Our waiter was attentive and constantly checking on us. Meat didn't come at a pace I have experienced at fogo de chao but we hardly had to wait for too long either. In the end, the dining experience was well worth the price. Not to mention that the price was reduced for restaurant week. Will probably visit again.
1	DO NOT EAT HERE.If I could give this place no stars whatsoever, then I would. (1) Our waitress was slow and forgetful. They were either understaffed or overbooked but neither is a good excuse for poor service. (2) My husband found a women's hair in his salad bar items and/or baked into the cheese biscuit, which we *might* have overlooked BUT... (3) A mouse was running in and out of the wine cellar area behind us and into the restaurant - a mere 20 feet away from the kitchen. As if that wasn't bad enough, the staff and manager's reactions were horrifying: First, they did not seem to care or mind that a rodent was running loose. It was almost as if they knew about the problem before it happened. (2) I had to actually persuade the manager to take care of our bill. Unfortunately, his solution was to only slightly discount our meal rather than completely comping it. We're not the type of couple to ever ask for freebies - I even offered to pay for the wine, hoping to suggest that we were not inclined to pay for a meal after such a horrifying experience. To make matters worse, we saw the hair and the mouse after finishing eating. Had we seen it before gorging on food, we would have simply finished our wine and left. What an awful feeling to realize after ingesting an entire meal that your food was prepared in wholly unsanitary conditions - not to mention the kick in the face of shelling out $100+ after everything that happened. This was a completely unacceptable meal experience. Before this all happened, we discussed possibly going back and/or taking friends or family but we will NEVER step foot in there again. Disgusting.**SINCE WRITING THIS REVIEW, THE ALLEGHENY HEALTH DEPARTMENT DID AN INSPECTION: http://hdas01.achd.net/reports/rwservlet?food_rep_insp&P_ENCOUNTER=201401230037**Texas De Brazil corporate office have been unresponsive.
5	We went to this restaurant for a 7:00 dinner during Restaurant Week. This was the first time I'd ever been to a Brazilian churrascaria, and maybe I'm just easily impressed, but I LOVED this place.We probably had to wait 5-10 minutes to be seated even though we had a reservation. It seemed like the restaurant is understaffed, as there was only one host and a manager was running around trying to help her out. It then took a good few minutes for one of the servers to take our drink order, but after that everything picked up in speed.The website indicates the dress code is business or smart casual, but I saw a few dudes there in Harley tees, so it seems like basically anything goes. My husband and I were dressed in nice jeans and a blazer and a more casual dress, respectively, and didn't feel out of place.I was kind of preparing to be disappointed with the meal, to be honest. Reading the selection of meats that are unlimited in your experience, I thought it was going to be a too good to be true situation.It wasn't. Everything was delicious. They serve all red meat medium rare, and being someone who usually orders meat cooked medium well, I was a little hesitant. I shouldn't have been. If you like your meat well done, tell the server and they will cut it from the outside, where it is cooked more thoroughly. I didn't bother requesting this though because I found that most of the meat was only a bit pinker that I am normally used to, but I enjoyed it just the same. The fillets were all cooked medium to medium well and are juicy but not bloody. Yes, the meat is salty. I am a bit of a salt-a-holic, so it was just about perfect for me. That being said, by the end of the meal my lips did feel a little weird from eating all the salt!My husband's favorite was the bacon wrapped fillet, I loved the house special, and our servers stopped by multiple times to ask if we wanted those cuts sent back over. As the staff mentions, any one of them is at your service. If you see any server, you can ask them for more plates, specific meats, drinks, water, dessert, even your check. They all work together and it seems to be a good system given the nature of the restaurant.The salad bar looked delicious but I didn't take very much from it on this trip. I'm a red meat fan and was gearing up to a eat a lot of it, so I skipped things I would have otherwise enjoyed. Before coming to the restaurant, I couldn't imagine paying $25.00 just for the salad bar, but after seeing what it contains: sushi, salmon, greens, soup, rice, potatoes and your more standard salad items, I might just consider it.We took our deserts to go--I was happy that the let us, some restaurants can be a bit strict during restaurant week promotions--key lime pie was awesome.The meal was delicious, but if you eat the way we did, I can't imagine frequenting this place very often.
5	The first time I experienced Brazilian cuisine was in 2011 on a Royal Caribbean cruise.  It was a specialty restaurant and was worth every penny!!  The service was superb but being on a cruise, we assumed it was due to their experience.  For my birthday, my husband surprised me with Pittsburgh's Texas de Brazil and scored total bonus points!  We don't eat red meat and we let them know ahead of time... not one gaucho came over to our table with red meat - it was fantastic!  It was really busy too so they were good.  The salad bar was much more than expected, I could probably get enough from that only but I would NEVER pass up on the meat.  The lobster bisque is amazing and I can't say that I will ever have a bowl as good as this!  A manager came over to check on us but wasn't annoying, simply cared how our experience was.We loved it so much we went back the next week and the place isn't cheap!  That's about $200 in two weeks to eat here.  I don't regret it.  I'd do it again.  Make reservations online because they do get busy and also join their birthday club - one free meal!
5	Had dinner at this place last night for Bryan's b-day and it was so good. To start with we brought the little man who I think was more excited about daddy's birthday then daddy was. When we arrived we were seated next to there wine cellar that is glassed in which created for the funniest moment of the night but ill get to that in a min. We started with the buffet which was very fresh but didn't have the largest selection which is ok with me because I would rather fill up on meat but I have to say I love beets with goat cheese and they had both so I was in heaven even before the steak. The meat for the most part was great. They prepaid it medium rare but will cook it however you like. As well if you find it to salty which I did not you can ask for it with no salt. The filet just melted in my mouth. This night they had top rib meat which I can't think of the technical name for but it was very fatty and after getting it on my plate I decided I would pass. I also have to compliment the meat guys they were all so good with my son as well as the rest of the wait staff. So many times while being out I've felt like restaurant staff have just dismissed him but I can't think of a single time when my son said something to a waiter or server that they didn't stop and acknowledge him. Now I will leave you with this. If siting by the glass wine seller keep your kids close because mine decided he wanted to check it out and ran right into the glass. Bryan and I laughed so hard. He didn't get hurt or anything and I don't think the table next to us even saw it but it was hilarious. This place is great for the whole family and the meat is amazing!!!!
4	Lots of food. Lots and lots and lots of food. This isn't your average buffet dinner, this is where you go to get stuffed. I had been to a Brazillian bbq out in orlando a few years back so I knew these things existed and the charm of the place.With their restaurant week deal, I could not pass up on the opportunity (it was 35 plus tax and tip for unlimited salad bar/meats and a choice of dessert) - still expensive but definitely better than the regular price.The salad bar was good, I would have expected a little more variety but oh well. The meats were delicious. I loved the leg of lamb and the lamb chops. The brazilian sausage was another good piece of meat as well. The pecan pie hit the spot at the end.I am not lying when I say I did not eat anything until dinner the next day. I stuffed myself. It was a great experience (but being frugal and a grad student, I don't think I could go here often) - nonetheless, I will be back to devour some glorious food.(We visited the bar but it seemed a bit overpriced for our taste so we didn't really get anything)The servers and the people walking around with the skewers were very cordial as well and answered any questions quickly.
1	Not impressed, 40 minute wait for our table even with a reservation.  Certainly understaffed.  Won't be back.
3	Very expensive restaurant. They charge $45 a person just for the food. Drinks are very good.They bring you plantains to the table but they are extremely sweet. I think they put sugar on it. The service is good but we felt a little rush. Waitress keep coming back asking "everything ok? Need more drinks? Need a clean plate? Are you done eating meat? Ready for dessert? We were in and out in 1 hour. Maybe they want people to eat fast and leave.
5	We were wandering Station Square and thankfully my boyfriend got excited over Brazilian steak. We were seated immediately at a quiet table in the corner overlooking the restaurant so we had a great view of everyone and could see where all the meats were at! Our waiter Raymond was on point!! He totally made out visit! The meats were cooked to a medium rare perfection. The lamb was out of this world with their mint jelly. Raymond made us a topping of rice, beans and Brazilian vingerette which again was quite tasty! The salad bar options ranged from traditional Brazilian to Japanese to American. Totally something eh for everyone. We passed on the desserts because none of them were too appealing after such an amazing dinner.
3	I have been to Texas de Brazil numerous times and to various locations. My family and I fell in love with the restaurant at it's Aruba location. Simply awesome experience. However, the experience in Pittsburgh has been quite different. This first visit to the station square location was good - busy Friday night, pretty speedy service. Yesterday my family and I went to celebrate a birthday and it was a Sunday. We had reservations but still had to wait 20 minutes to be seated in a fairly empty dining room. Once sat, our waiter was nice and helpful and served us accordingly. The biggest problem with our dinner were the gauchos! We sat with empty plates (and bellies) waiting for them to stop by with a delicious skewer of meat. We were either passed by or they all went to a party of ten and were instantly cleaned out. It was pretty annoying considering the price of the place. I said something to our waiter and it helped...a little. Maybe the point in all of this is just not to go on Sundays.
4	OVERALL: A dizzying array of grilled meats and a very well stocked salad bar (available by itself, too) make this a worthy destination for carnivores and  non-carnivores alike.SERVICE: I've had mixed results here, ranging from good to sub-par. It seems to depend on the server, their level of knowledge, and how busy it is. On the whole, it's on the slow side, with longer than necessary waits for non-buffet items (drinks, sides, desserts). The manager did recognize me on my repeat visits though, and made it a point to come over and welcome me back, which I appreciated.FOOD: For those unfamiliar with the Rodizio/Churrascaria concept, diners pay a fixed price (comparable to what you'd pay for a steak entree at an upscale steakhouse) for an all-you-can-eat array of seasoned grilled meats. The meats are brought out from the kitchen on skewers and portions are carved off directly at your table and onto your plate. You can indicate whether you want the servers to come around again by flipping an indicator at your table from red to green.TdB is worth the price of admission for the lamb alone. Lamb still isn't on the menu at too many restaurants, and over here, it's prepared beautifully, both as chops and as leg of lamb. Try it with the mint jelly from the salad bar and you won't be disappointed. If lamb isn't your thing, fear not - you could always get the chicken parm, flank steak, sausage, ribs, sirloin, or a variety of meats wrapped in bacon, including a bacon wrapped filet. And then there are those delicious warm biscuits.If it all seems a little overwhelming, I'd skip the ribs and the filet mignon. There are  restaurants and steakhouses a plenty that serve these items, and frankly, do a better job of it. The parmesan crusted chicken isn't particularly noteworthy either. To get the biggest gastronomical bang for my buck, I'd concentrate on the lamb, the flank steak (goes great with the potatoes), the sausage, and the Picanha, which is the house specialty. Picanha is a steak cut popular in Brazil, similar to Top Sirloin, which is how it is sometimes referred to here. At TdB, they have it available seasoned with garlic and without. Despite my love of garlic, I preferred the non-garlic version for its subtler flavors.Every dinner also includes the salad bar, which puts anything at other chain establishments to shame. In addition to salad of course, there are soups, sushi, cured meats, cheeses, and fruit. In fact, it's tempting to fill up on the salad bar alone. Fortunately for those of us who want to do just that, or are vegetarian/pescatarian, the salad bar is also available by itself for a lower price. AMBIANCE:TdB's location in Station Square gives it a festive vibe, especially on the two or three days a year when Pittsburgh has nice weather. The decor of the restaurant itself is a bit garish and the lighting could stand to be a not quite so bright, but aside from that, still reasonably upscale - think birthday dinner, not anniversary.FINAL VERDICT: What's not to like about unlimited beef, chicken, pork and lamb? Until and unless a Fogo de Chao opens in Pittsburgh, this remains a better bet than the past-its-prime Green Forest churrascaria in Penn Hills.
5	AMAIZING FOOD! Went there for Easter with my extremely picky family.  There was something for everyone! The salad area was remarkably fresh and had everything from cheeses, soups, sushi, eggs, breads, vegetables, salads, seafood...I could go on and on...However the meats were the best part!  After I tried an array of things from the salad area, a troop of meat carvers came around with steak, chicken, pork, and lamb!  The meats were perfectly seasoned. I don't usually eat lamb but the lamb chops were too good to pass up! I managed to save room for dessert and tried the bananas foster.  It was like banana pudding on crack! It was soo good.  I will defiantly be returning soon!!!
5	Everything was amazing.  The salad bar had a wide variety of brazilian style vegetables,  shrimp, salmon and lobster bisque.  Atfter tasting it I thought I would want to just keepeating from it. I was wrong once I tasted the meat. Everything was seasoned and cooked well.  The servers kept our plates stacked and wetter all very nice.  Once they notice we slowed done they asked what we wanted and I was able to end with a plate of filet mignon.  Great night.
5	Oh it was incredible. First off, the salad bar blew my mind! You're getting your money-worth just there. Then the meat comes around... They're all perfect. All the way down to the presentation, they do a terrific job here! I will certainly be frequenting this place. I'm very happy that I finally tried it!
4	Went here on a Saturday evening.  Three of us on a guys night out.  We were expecting to indulge in a little gluttony and drink and were not disappointed.  The skewered meat selection was great, the wait staff was attentive and the drinks were good.The wait time for a table was just a few minutes.  While waiting, we sat at the bar and had a drink served by a friendly bartender.  Once seated, the waiter explained the concept to us and we started at the salad bar.  I'm not really sure you should call it a salad bar as there were selections of hot items, sides and more not found at a regular salad bar.Once we turned our disks to "green" the real food started arriving.  Did I mention the big selection of meat?  Everything from chicken to beef to pork to...  Did I mention that there was a lot of well prepared skewered meat?  Some was slightly over salty, but overall it was all well cooked and seasoned.If you go, bring a big appetite.  This place is appropriate for a group, party, family (although may be a bit much for smaller children) or any festive night out.   Not sure if I would recommend for a first date.
1	I usually don't give bad reviews, but my experience last night at this establishment was SO bad, that I had to find my rusty Yelp account to share my horrendous experience at this Texas de Brazil.Setup: Tuesday Night, 6:30pm, had reservation for 2 through Open TableCheck-in: Went up to the host who looked up my name on the computer, asked if it was special occassion and seated us promptly.Intial Wait: Our waiter Andrew was a young, vibrant fella who asked if this was our first dining experience at this establishment. When I answered Yes, he seemed eager to help and went through how it works. He suggested cocktail and wine specials as well. After bringing us waters he suggested we check out the salad bar.Dining Experience: So far so good. The salad bar was great with a lot of variety and selections. We both got a plateful of little samples from the salad bar, and once we were ready for the meat, we flipped the little round cards to "GREEN" to signal 'Bring the MEAT'!Within minutes we had our plates full of all varieties of meats - bacon wrapped chicken, flank steak, garlic steak (?), Pork Chops etc. Everything was going great. Andrew checked back on us and refilled our waters. About an hour had passed since we stepped into the joint.What went Wrong: After the intial hour, we were completely ignored. Nobody was bringing any meat for us. And when they did, it was the same bacon wrapped, highly salted, over-cooked meats. No Thank You. I mean, my expectation was high because everyone here talked about filets and sirloins. They were NOT OFFERED to us. Our waiter disappeared. He didn't ask if we wanted another drink. Another hour passed. Still no meats. There were 3 large parties that seemed to consume all the meats as soon as they came out of the kitchen. All the wait staff seemed to be completely overwhelemed by these 3 large parties. I was starting to get pissed, but I waited a while to see if they will acknowldge our existence. NOPE. As a consolation, one person came to offer us flank steak once again, ONE FULL HOUR SINCE they last offered anything. After waiting an Hour and Fifteen minutes, I had had enough. I just wanted to get out, but wait, I can't because I had not paid yet. And I can't see any waiters anywhere. So I turn around and try to make eye contact with any person of the staff. NADA. Nobody is even looking at us.Finally, all three large parties decide to leave at the same time, and magically our waiter appears, and asks if we want dessert. NO THANK YOU. I HAVE BEEN WAITING 90 MINUTES FOR SOMEBODY TO PAY ATTENTION. I AM FRUSTRATED. I am dissatisfied, and want to get the hell out. I don't want any freaking desserts. The almost empty tub of vanilla ice cream in my freezer sounds like heaven at this point. Just give me my check.It takes him another 10 minutes to come back with my check and another 5 to come back with my credit card. Never again Texas de Brazil. Never again. I am never going to pay $50+ per person to get such terrible service and low quality food. If you have large parties, don't igonre the smaller ones.TL/DR: Waited too long to get subpar, inconsistent food. Terrible Service. Wasted 2.5 hours. They can't manage the place when big groups show up. Just hope that there are no big groups when you go in to dine.
5	Not too hungry? Go for the light dinner - consists just their "salad bar" - which is filled with great stuff!Want meat? Oh do they have meat!It's all very good.
4	Been here several times. Service is hit or miss. They have a decent but not great salad bar. I have also been here when they ran out of items and didnt replace them. They need a caesar salad. The lobster bisque soup is good. I also lije the smoked salmon a lot. They will bring you a ton of meats from pork to steak to chicken to sausage to my favorite lamb chops. If the temperature is not to you choosing ask. They will try to accomodate. I never have room for dessert. Price is about $45.
1	Too. Much. Meat. I'm a meat person. I'll pick that over pasta any day, but this is waaaaaay too much. I guess you know that going into it. Very salty! Overpriced for what you can honestly consume. I was not well for days. A friend just did the salad bar option and even that with a drink was a crazy bill. Service was good so I guess that's a plus.
4	Dear lord more meat than you can stand.
1	The food is amazing, the service is TERRIBLE. I have no problem paying $50+ per person, but when I am paying for a meal that costs hundreds of dollars I expect to be treated with common courtesy.To be completely honest, I have received better service from MCDONALDS than I have from Texas De Brazil. Nearly every waitress at Texas De Brazil walks around with a chip on her shoulder and gives everyone at the table an attitude.The last two times I went to this restaurant we had to deal with a snotty and rude wait staff that ruined the meal for everyone at the table.There was one evening where myself and 5 others arrived about 30 minutes before closing and had the rudest, least attentive waitress I have ever encountered in any establishment. Ever. Not exaggerating at all. She gave us attitude the whole time, didn't smile, didn't ask how anyone was doing, and looked ticked off, miserable, and pissed/annoyed at us the whole time. She didn't notice, or care, when we were missing a place setting and needed more silverware. She made us all feel very uncomfortable and unwelcome. We asked her for a rare cut of meat to be delivered to the table and she gave us attitude about that and made it seem like it was a huge problem. We should have gotten up and left right then.At the end of the meal we asked for dessert, and once again, received an enormous amount of attitude. I think she was the snottiest at that point, and after she took the dessert order we had had enough of being treated like shit and took the dessert in to-go boxes. I completely regretted going out to dine that evening.We hoped that that treatment was us catching them on a bad night, and decided to give them one more try...The last time I went to the restaurant I had made reservations for a large party of 40 people. The majority of the people in our party are professional tattoo artists, many of which have been featured on national and international television numerous times. We all came to the restaurant directly from a tattoo convention in Pittsburgh, and due to this, half of our party ended up arriving later than our reservation time.I checked in with the hostess at 7PM along with 5-6 others and she directed us to wait at the bar. About 30-45 minutes later I received a call on my cell phone from the hostess, asking me where my party was and if we were still going to make it to dinner. Um, didn't I check in with her already? Did she forget? She smoking some mary jane?While we were waiting at the bar, this pillow faced woman (who also has an attitude) approached me and curtly asked how everyone would be paying and then, after giving us a really fake attempt at a smile, immediately left. She didn't even attempt to be courteous, didn't ask how we were doing. Wow.I had to leave the meal before everyone else due to not feeling well, so I got up and tracked down our waitress to ask her to pay for my bill and two others. Apparently this was a huge problem for her, and she asked me, "How many glasses of wine did your friend have? Did she pay at the bar or at the table? She ordered a creme brulee right?" ISN'T THAT THE WAIT STAFF'S JOB TO KEEP TRACK OF THE ORDER? That is NOT my responsibility lady, that is YOURS.I was trying to talk to her about the bill and she rudely walked away from me in the middle of the conversation! I couldn't believe it! I had to chase her down AGAIN to have her take care of the bill. How utterly and unbelievably RUDE.The worst part of the entire evening? I later found out that they DOUBLE CHARGED THE TAB ON MY FRIEND. Yes, that's right. I PAID FOR HER ENTIRE TAB, AND THEY DELIVERED THE SAME BILL AFTER I LEFT, BILLING US TWICE FOR THE SAME MEAL. Unbelievable.The hiring manager at Texas De Brazil needs to get his head out of his ass and fire the rude and inattentive wait staff.I have worked in the hospitality industry for years (fortunately I'm retired from that line of work) as a busser, hostess, and waitress, and I would NEVER have treated my patrons as badly as I was treated by these jerks. I am so appalled at the service I received at Texas De Brazil that I will never return. I don't care how good the food is - I refuse to PAY to be treated like shit.I will be going to Meat and Potatoes from now on. The food there is cheaper and the wait staff don't treat you like shit!
3	I'm a carnivore.  Meat is the staple to my diet.Please note that I only ate the rodizo array of meat.  The service was good, sangria delicious and the lamb dishes were prepared the best.  Some of the dishes were either too salty or bland.Compared to my experience with the Texas De Brazil in Nevada, I'm not impressed, hence the "A-Ok" review.  If you are a big meat eater and carnivore like me, I'd give this is shot for you will have your chicken, lamb, beef and pork.  If you are not a big meat eater, I'd opt for a different establishment with more variety.
4	I enjoyed my dinner but wasn't hungry enough to get my money's worth. $45 per person is ok when you eat a lot. The salad bar was smaller than the other steakhouse I went to but it was pretty good. The meat was good. I enjoyed everything but the flank steak. The sausage, parmesan chicken and lamb chops were my favorites. The bananas they give you to cleanse your palate are delicious so were the beans and rice and scalloped potatoes. The lobster bisque was outstanding!
1	Terrible service, worst manager I've ever experience,.  This is the first negative review I've bothered to write on the net, several positive. Very expensive Ponderosa, if I could give it negative stars I would.
1	Disappointing! I have been to several Brazilian steakhouses before and this by far is the worst. The food (although I can't judge too much of the food since they only brought us filet, and flank steak over and over again!)and the service were horrible.  We had reservations and arrived early. The restaurant was half empty but we still had to wait 1 hour to be seated, as the rude hostess stated " We will not seat you before your reservation time"..really?! There were plenty of empty tables! Once we finally sat down, all they brought over was fillet and flank steak over , and over, and over, again. No lamb, no chicken, no pork, none of their"signature meats". Definitely not worth it...there are plenty other restaurants of this type to try.
3	The restaurant is clean. My husband and I went in on a Monday night, the place was pretty much empty but the service was still pretty slow. I was a little disappointed at the selections from the salad bar. I guess my expectations was a little too high. I have seen more stuff at other Brazilian steakhouses. The meat tasted good for the most part.However, we wish that the meat servers would stop asking us if we needed more meat. We both had our little meat sign flipped over to the red side, but the meat servers still came over and asked all the time. The sign on the table basically meant nothing to them. What's the point of having it?
4	I read all of these reviews and almost talked myself out of Texas de Brazil. I am glad I made it. It was delicious, exciting, and exceeded my expectations.
