5	I've been cutting my hair here for more than a year already every two weeks.  I was a bit skeptical about going here to get a fade but ended up with a pretty good hair cut for cheap.  My usual haircut is a 3 at the top and 0 on the sides with a medium high fade.  Two barbers I highly suggest you go to that does an awesome job is Maria and Malorie. If you end up going to this place a lot or any other Great Clips, Take advantage of the current special which is buying pre-paid haircuts for $9.99.  They recently raised their regular hair cuts from $12 to $13 not too long ago.
1	I have been there twice; once with my husband and just today. The first time the cut wasn't bad, just not quite as short as I wanted. My husband's cut was choppy and it took over a month before it looked decent and didn't stand up. Today, I unfortunately got the same hairdresser as my husband had and she failed to listen to my requests. Apparently, she likes longer hair and prettier styles on women because she suggested I use pomade and fluff up the back. I just wanted a simple pixie cut that I could wash and go, and a little thinning as I have thick hair.I had to come home and even it out on top and even by the end of the cut and several suggestions from me she just didn't get it... even when I offered celebrities with similar cuts.She was also clumsy and very judgmental in her demeanor.I will not be back and neither will my husband.
5	Always great service and great hair cuts, my son and husband both got there haircuts here a few days ago and the lady did great.  Only place I go for my haircuts as well,  that is reasonable considering salons are expensive
4	Carolina cut my hair. Sweet young girl.  Told her I wanted 5 inches of the bottom as she did a great job explaining what my hair will look like after & how that would be too short for my hair type.  I went with her advise & it came out great. I know not many like to go to these places because it usually newly trained people cutting hair. Sometimes it is the young ones that have the most up to date knowledge on style.
