1	Why Time warner Cable rises price for internet each year.  The customer service agents are very impolite and rude.  Hope more other carriers can come into this area to get the business.
1	I was qouted $29.99 for internet sufficient to stream video, then when they called to confirm the appointment, I asked what they were going to charge me and was told $34.95. I spoke with customer service, expressing that I feel they should honor what they quoted, and the agent told me he could not help me. Thus I cancelled my appointment and will be using another internet carrier whom honors their word.
1	Sadly, it seems to be a large consensus of people who think TWC has terrible service.  And honestly, I have to agree.First off, I have had internet with them for two years.  The first year, it was $19.99 per month, plus taxes and fees.  After that, it went up to around $60.  I tried to call and see if I could get any other specials, particularly if I added TV.  They could not get me TV and internet as a current customer for under $100, so I stayed with just internet.  I hated paying that price, but I had AT&T before and hate them even more.  Additionally, I was supposed to be getting 30 mbps with my internet, but sadly, I never was.  They insisted that the problem was "all on my end."  I had to call customer service because I could not pay my bill or access my online account.  This happened several times.  They actually stopped emailing me the bills, and of course I had signed up for paperless.  This took me three times to get resolved.Last week, I was moving and cancelling my internet service.  I called their customer service line, waited on hold for a significant period of time, and then talked to someone in the cancellation department.  Apparently, if you are moving, you have to talk to someone in the moving department, even if you know they don't have Time Warner where you live and you already know you just want to disconnect your service.  So, I spent even more time on hold and then got sent to someone who I could had trouble understanding and had to ask him/her to repeat information (I think he/she was too close to the receiver or something).  The best part - I asked where I could turn in my equipment, and he/she responded that he/she had NO IDEA.  Apparently their system was slow and experiencing issues, so he/she could not find it for me.  Uhhh...maybe it's just me, but that seems like a serious red flag.Fast forward to me setting a date to drop off the router, and I chose to go to this location, which is not the most convenient location.  They were just ok there - they took my router and said very little.  I suppose they feel like they don't have to bother exchanging pleasantries when you are no longer going to be their customer.Yeah, I cannot in good conscience recommend Time Warner Cable or this location.  There is definitely something to all the complaints on the internet about their customer service.
1	I know this is lengthy but it really happened this way....After 2 phone calls (each over an hour long) and 5 chat sessions, I was told I needed to go to the TWC store and swap out my modems for the correct one since they shipped me one that would not work with my digital phone and wireless internet when I upgraded my service! Really?? And I paid $9.99 for shipping.Long story short.... they said call the store first to make sure they had it in stock.... Nooo answer, my husband went to the store on Saturday and said they would not answer any phones while he was there.... after a lengthy stand in line they said "yep we have the modem" but no we can't give it to you since it is locked in the warehouse and they did not have a key. Really??Went today at lunch, stood in line of 9 people deep... 2 TWC employees and signs everywhere that said wait till called. It was like being in line at the post office 2 days before Christmas trying to ship gifts!  I finally got to the counter that was covered with a lot of modems and no room for my large modem box... man said open the box I just need the modems. Fumbled with all the stuff pulled out the 2 modems, one had a cable I could not remove. Man said no cables just modem, still fumbling with boxes, modems, power cords, purse and he finally said I can take the cable off. I said thank you! Really??Man brings me new cable box with a different name on it than what the last Chat Man said to get... I asked is this correct??? not what I was told to get, and he said yes. I said Really?? He said Yep!Sooooo tonight when I get home I will proceed to set up the modem, hopefully with out any assistance from TWC and hope it works with both my wireless internet and digital phone service that I just upgraded to.What a waste of time, and I am still not done! Wish me luck tonight!!
1	This place is horrible. I go here to pay a bill the line is out the door . The services rep or rude & lazy. It's like the   Arrowood dmv center come on now!!! SMH
1	It might be time to get rid of Time Warner and Road Runner. No email service today since before 8am and they are unable to say when their problems will be fixed. It seems I am on the phone weekly asking about email and/or internet issues. The worst and least reliable service ever! After 15 years with TWC... it's time to go.
1	This is a horrible horrible company they want to charge you tons of money but don't have a clue of what they are doing in the past year they have been to my house over a dozen times and I still have issues with my internet . Not to mention even though it's their fault they want to make you wait days to sent a tech out to look at it . They have cost me so much money as I run a business from home. I would recommend anyone but time warner they are a joke!!
1	If you want crappy customer service, avoidance at all costs to FIX a problem that has been questioned for months (we have service cut outs on a daily basis-fyi we're gamers in this household we need good internet that doesn't cut out every day), and high prices...Then choose TWC.TWC reps do NOT READ your reports (we had a report drawn up so we could go to a senior tech). The girl who answered after we waited for 10+ minutes on hold wanted to go over the WHOLE issue with us again when it was already written out in the report had she bothered to read it.If you want better internet, go elsewhere but let me know because I'll come with you!!Step it UP!!
2	TWC and I have had a pretty rocky relationship - from the inability to provide consistent internet in college to accidentally disconnecting my internet not long after I first moved to Charlotte and doubling my bill without warning let's just say it hasn't been a great time for me. With that said in the last two years I had no issues with my service, and when I went to this location to discontinue my account I met with a very friendly customer service representative named Stacy. I got no grief for canceling the account or an attempt at up selling. Just a quick and friendly interaction with a confirmation receipt.
1	Horrible horrible horrible !! Customer service sucks!! They don't care at all about their customers! I pay over $200 a month for cable and Internet but they want to make you wait days to come fix a problem when it's their issue that caused your problem absolutely ridiculous! And watch your bills if you do have them they will charge you for things you do not have !!
