4	If your are looking for a small cafe and bookstore to hang out with some friends or just relax in yourself than this location is perfect. It stays nice and quiet and there is usually a musician of the night offering some free entertainment on the weekends.Get your read on for free and enjoy some delicious coffee.
4	This place is an oasis. It's always quiet, unless there's some fantastic live musician playing. (Take that Barnes & Noble!)The coffee here is good and the employees are helpful. The selection is also surprising, which offers a large array of books and media. But anything great around PV Mall is a surprise...Nevertheless, this is my home bookstore. It's close and up to the par.
4	O Boy, why is it when I think i can slip in for 1 particular book, I am in here for over an hour, and find it hard to leave?  Store Lay-Out is inviting & sections are easily found.  Lots of space between isles.  It's usually quite easy to track down a store clerk for help and inquires.O, and if u sign up with there email, you get coupons on a regular basis - which reminds me: today I have a coupon for 40% off any item in the store - now, how cool is that?  Off to go use it!
2	I'm changing my mind. I can do that. I can be conflicted. I don't know if I like this Border's anymore. I mean, its right around the corner, and its great if I need to pick something up for school or just some pleasure reading. But in the end, the employees, (except for my friend Siavonh), suck. Seriously. I've worked retail positions. I know how hard it can be to muster some enthusiasm around 4 o'clock. But its possible, so get real. Don't answer your phones with a crappy attitude, and DON'T take 15 minutes to process a return when there isn't even anyone in line. PS - I resent the fact that everyone who goes to the coffee shop here decides to move in. Don't you people have internet at home?! The coffee isn't even top tier. Why are you sitting here like shmucks? I just wanted a place to study when the library was closed, and naturally, there was nowhere to sit. Sucky.
4	Great place to study. There are plenty of seats in the cafe, the outlet situation seems to be adequate. The barista's are very nice! Great setting, quite atmosphere. The bookstore is quiet doesn't seem to be too crazy busy like B&N and the pricing is a smidge lower, but if you sign up for their great discount card plan you get a 10% discount! and free shipping on online orders! how awesome is that?
3	Well finally Borders luck has run out. This location and 7  others in the valley are closing. Right now they are having a 20-40% sale on everything in the store....but let me advise you to wait because I am pretty sure a lot of what you want will be there in the coming weeks when they reduce the prices even more. Now with that being said let me give you this word of advice also just in case you didn't know.....I have been to tons of these "Going out of Business" sales....in fact I look forward to them. However all these store are guilty of marking up the prices and then giving you half off...when the item was worth only the half off price anyway. Example you see that book that you want that for weeks, months....maybe a year would cost you 30 bucks....so naturally you figure if you get 20% off the book you would save yourself 7 bucks or so right. Well that is normally true but now all of sudden that book is 40 bucks and 20% off then sends it right back to the 30 dollar price you have been seeing it for all along.....and in fact with tax it will be a lot more than that. So just be careful and watch for that people but continue to Eat, Drink,and be Merry my Friends!!!
3	This location has unfortunately been closed. It was always quiet. The cafe baristas were friendly and made drinks consistently well, but there were rarely spaces to sit in the cafe. The employees were generally friendly and the store well-maintained. I am certainly saddened that this location is no longer available.
2	I drove by this location earlier today and was a little sad that they were closed for good... then I realized, who needs Borders when you have a perfectly good Half Price Books across the street? And a B&N nearby?
