3	Well, coming from Chicago where only cops and criminals have guns (funny how that works, huh) I don't have anything to compare this show to.  But it was an interesting experience.  Walking through the parking lot and being surrounded by real average joe looking people (I'm talking Dilbert looking people) and their kids, except the grownups have giant rifles slung over their shoulders can be a little unnerving at first.  Still, you feel oddly secure because as they say, an armed society is a polite society.Lots of small dealers come out and set up tables with shotguns, rifles, handguns, holsters, ammo, and some big freaking knives.  There was one area with antique weapons that were very pretty indeed, considering they are tools of death.  You can find some gently used machinery here at a slightly lower price than you might find elsewhere, and the folks are pretty willing to cut you a deal on the older stuff, especially if you pay in cash.Oh and in case you were wondering, you are not allowed to pass out racial or party propaganda at the gun show.  There are signs posted at the entrance saying as much.  I found that amusing, bizarre and comforting at the same time.
3	My second time here and this time it was a madhouse! Knowing that it would be, we thought we'd arrive early. Pulling in a 8AM with the doors opening at 9AM, the parking lot was already quite full and there was a long line of maybe 200 people waiting. As we slowly got towards the front of the line, I popped back to the car and put my folding chair away.Finally inside after our $7 entrance fee, the tables were packed with ordinance and ammo and survival equipment. Tshirts and bumper stickers and such too! No great bargains to be had, but I still managed to pick up a few bits at a reasonable markup. Three big buildings with lots and lots of people. Make sure you get to all three!Contrary to what the media would have you think, there is no such thing as a gun show loophole. At every table where firearms were being sold, people were filling out their paperwork and having their concealed carry permits checked. Yes, there was a guy who bought a gun from another guy in the parking lot, but I did see a permit being checked there too. That's called a *private transaction* and there's nothing illegal about that!Tip: You can apparently buy your tickets online in advance. This gets you to the front of the queue.Tip: Someone could make a good pile of bucks selling donuts and coffee along the line in the morning!
