5	I am fanatically about Chrome Hearts so I'm eager to see the expansion making this their largest store. I was also told they will have a store in London and Taipei very shortly. Staff was very friendly and willing to share insider information with me. Such as some of the items above. Check this place out!
5	i love this store. i wish that they'd had more merchandise on hand when i paid them a visit. it's ok. i heard that they'd had a huge trunk show at optik or something like that. therefore, a lot of their new items were at the show and not in their own cases. still, there was a catalog for me to browse through, in case i wanted to order or reserve any of their items. i'm dying to get walter (my hubby) a pair of sun glasses from chrome hearts. however, they aren't ever available when i'm in town. stinks!! but i love their look. it's a lil rugged and classy at the same time. it's different and relatively new. for the personal attention you recieve, i'd shop here just for that. AWESOME
5	Chrome Hearts is a lifestyle brand based around expensive Gothic biker gear. Their store at Caesars Forum Shops is an experience not to be missed, whether or not you're in the market for a $500 white leather cowboy hat with an expletive printed on the front.The design of the store is minimalist, with vault-inspired displays and an unfinished wood floor. Chrome Hearts logo is burned into the floor at the entry, cross and Olde English font and all. The main room displays an array of the brand's leather gear and accessories, including items any rockstar baby would love. (Yes, the onesies have 'f#ck you' on them too).  Their Baccarat crystal line is displayed next to the checkout.The smaller rear room holds other jewelry and accessories, mostly platinum diamond and jewel-encrusted pieces, but there is some gold on display. There is also a special collection of items commissioned by the Rolling Stones to commemorate their most recent tour. Been looking for a diamond-studded Rolling Stones lips & tongue logo lighter? You might find it here. The store is gorgeous and I would recommend it to anyone - if nothing else, the over-the-topness of it has to be seen to be believed. I might knock off a half a star if possible, just because their line is so expensive most people won't even want to pick up a souvenir like a key fob. But I am crazy about the style and quality of everything Chrome Hearts.
5	Every time I stop by Vegas, I pay a little visit to Chrome Hearts. The store is actually pretty big in size, taking into consideration that it's inside a mall. They have a decent selection of clothing, and of course, their silver jewelry and sunglasses. Rings run around $500 and T-Shirts are $78 I believe. All in all, cool place if you are looking for something different than the norm.
4	This CH store has a really great selection.  I saw some stuff I've never seen in the other stores before namely a CH necktie, CH furniture, CH jackets, etc.  This store also carries CH Las Vegas exclusives that say "Sin City" or have symbols of Heart, Spade, Diamond, and Clover on it.   Great place to shop after a rendezvous with lady luck!The staff that was there when I went was very friendly without being pushy.  No egos or snobbyness at all.  I felt very comfortable taking my time and I ended up with a CH hoodie.  This store gets a star taken off simply because it is in a mall.  This location is the most commercial of all the CH stores that I've been to: NYC and LA.
1	A great place to shop if you're a NJ guido, Criss Angel, or one of the Gotti kids.  Seriously.  A sleeveless bubba-style flannel shirt--$760.  Who buys this stuff?  The sales-kids were all wearing trucker caps (really? trucker caps? still?) and black hoodies to top off their chic snarls.  There were 6 salespeople there and zero customers.  Only 30 items on display, awesome place if you're part of the self-tanning-eyebrow-shaping-wannabe-tuffguy crowd.   Pronounced by my BF (a real Italian)  "Fucking ridiculous".
5	Amazing customer service. Beautiful & fun atmosphere.The two guys there (Jose, and an Asian guy I didn't get the name of) were exceptional in their approach and helpful advice. My now husband and I went there about 3 weeks ago in a search for a plain silver wedding band for him as we were on our way to a Chapel for a spontaneous hitch. The ring was only $150. Both guys were totally cool, offered advice and stories, made us feel at ease and wished us well. We actually went back the next day to exchange it for a smaller size at which time we talked about the night before, etc, and they showed us some pics from a recent employee mustache contest which cracked us all up. A follow-up card came in the mail from Jose as I'm sure most purchases do, but it is a nice way to make your customer feel special. Five stars.
4	This is quite simply the easiest Chrome Hearts location to find in the world.  For starters, they have a sign outside of their location in the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace.  It doesn't get much simpler than that.  Try finding the one in Hollywood, by contrast, and you will understand what I am talking about.As for the selection, this store is quite large and keeps a good stock of products.  I am not so much a fan of the clothing, but I am all about the eyewear and this store has great inventory.  I have not seen this many styles in one place, including boutique optical shops and other CH locations.  Jennifer was especially helpful.
5	I love CH.  Every time we visit Vegas, we stop in Chrome Hearts.  Since the first time I entered a CH store and saw leather pants with FUCKER embossed down the leg, I knew I would be hooked.  The tiny sterling silver details on everything is so awesome. The luxe handbags, and the bling. OMG the bling.  My first purchase years ago was one of their signature sterling rings that simply says "Fuck You" on it... Since that day, I have purchased numerous rings, necklaces, bracelets and have a small collection that is growing each time I visit.  My husband, who never wore jewelry when we met, bought his first piece of jewelry at CH and now wears their fantastic pieces regularly.  The only thing that I warn is about some of the smaller, thin bracelets - be sure to check the clasp, and perhaps replace it.  I had a gorgeous bracelet that I was wearing through San Francisco, when I got back to the hotel it was gone.  The clasp had come undone, and the bracelet is gone forever.  I have to tell myself that someone who was saving up to buy their first piece of CH jewelry found it, and now feels as if they won the lotto.  If I don't think that way, I may get all depressed about losing my bracelet!  The downfall of such an amazing jewelry designer is that there are so many knockoffs it makes me sick... Yes, CH is expensive.  Some things cost the price of a Vegas condo. The more work involved the more expensive the piece will be. Each piece is created with a wax mold and dated.  Once the mold breaks, that's it for the run.  The older dated goods seem to be more desirable, but they are all equally as gorgeous.  I have yet to invest in major bling from CH, but the black diamonds and colored gemstones are gorgeous.The SAs are usually very friendly, and helpful.  No pics allowed in the store, so don't even bother trying!
5	Good selection of productsYou better have the $$$ if you want to buy more than a few itemsGood customer service from my personal experienceEasy to spotNow only if they had the cap instead of the trucker with "FUCK OFF":)
5	Have worn my two pairs of Chrome Hearts sunglasses non-stop, and after many visits and trying on dozens of similar frames, we finally decided on a third pair and I got it this past Christmas. Sales rep Dane Martin helps us every time - he is almost always there. Cool dude. Had been hunting far and wide for an aviator-style, and in the end it makes sense that I ended up with another CH - these things look great and are built to last forever. Made In Japan, tons of silver, ebony and titanium on the one I got this time around.This store's eyewear selection is tops, just like at the NYC and LA flagship stores. Other optical shops may carry some Chrome Hearts, but never the full line. Kind of like if you're shopping for a Rolex but don't know exactly which one to get, there is only one place to go - Rolex at Wynn (they have 1000+ Rolexes in stock).It's worth the trip to this CH store if you're looking for a supreme sunglass, and the great service will inspire you to buy here when you find the pair you want. To me the CH clothing and jewelry aren't really my style, but something about the eyewear is the perfect amount of punk. When I put them on I don't want to take them off, even when I go indoors. That is the sign of a good purchase...
5	I love CHROME HEARTS ! I usually go the LA store, but I was in Las Vegas for work and had won some money at Caesars Palace and hit the Forum Shops. The last time I was at CH in Vegas the sales girl was very snooty and rude and I went back to LA and bought what i wanted there . This time however, the sales people couldn't have been more helpful and nice. I got another piece of CH and the next time in Las Vegas I will return!
4	So this was another stop on my quest to find something to place in Thomas Jefferson "care package". I met a young man named Brandon Gray who assisted me in looking for something cool and unusual. Patient customer service, attentive and helpful.To say this place is expensive is like a oxy moron you know that before you venture in. Quality products that in most cases are "one-of-a-kind". You shouldn't have the misconceived notion that this place is only for bikers or people that are against the system... although I think if you are searching for a gift for someone like that you will definately find what you are looking for here.AWESOME pieces, HUGE array to select from - Clothes, Jewelry etc. The store design itself was straight up "chillin-in-the-cut-COOL"Respectfully Reviewed
5	I've been a Chrome Hearts fan for a few years now. Due to limited access to them in the U.S (only a handful of physical boutiques and no authorized online retailers), I've always had to trouble friends to help me. Unfortunately, dear friend describe shopping at her local boutique (she's in LA) is like pulling teeth because service has always been 'difficult". Not wanting to bother her anymore, I decided to ring the Las Vegas boutique as I frequent Sin City. Ms. Emily responded right away and was able to help me find exactly what I was looking for. Since our initial interaction, she often updates me with cool new pieces that she think I might like. Which is a huge bonus in my book because it shows they are paying attention to what you say, what you like, and they make extra effort to make sure you get what you want. Definition of a good sales representative. In April I made my first trip to the Las Vegas boutique. It's located inside the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace. Now, it can be difficult to find depending on which entrance you take. It's right upstairs from Joe's steak and seafood (if that helps). It's a huge store with what seem to be unlimited inventory, truly a shopper's paradise! Sterling silver (one of their biggest sellers) pieces starts around $250 and goes up to 4 figures; I really like how you can purchase the pedant and necklace separately (some pedants will come with a chain, but you always have the option to purchase another of course), mix and match is a lot of fun! Precious metal and stone pieces can easily run you 5 digits (but very beautiful. I especially love their black diamond pieces). But that's not all they do. Chrome Hearts offers a wide range of products in addition to jewelry - clothing, handbags, sunglasses, other accessories and furniture; which definitely take a look around the store as all pieces are handmade. They also offer customize services so if you want something truly your own, ask one of the staff member for more information.The staff was very friendly and helpful. Emily was of course, exactly the way she had represented herself over the phone and email - friendly, attentive and very knowledgeable of the brand (and its history). Definitely ask for her if you don't have a SA you're working with already. Overall my experience was wonderful. Please don't feel you have to be or dress certain way to shop here. This place is for everyone who appreciates high quality, unique goods. Happy shopping!
5	The epitome of luxury and sophistication. Chrome Hearts is one of the first brands to set the trend for gothic inspired jewelry and clothing. They have kept their brand remarkably exclusive, despite an immense measure of opportunity to expand within the last several years. I believe the reason why brands like affliction (and on the other end of the spectrum- Chrome Hearts copy cats with online stores, etc.) exist is because of Chrome Hearts' unwillingness to sell out. And that's also the reason why I will forever appreciate CH's originality by refusing to buy even a single item from any of those spineless companies. CHLV is an extraordinary store. Their impressive team and their extensive selection would impress even the most discriminating connoisseur. P.s. To the 1 negative review, you are clearly an expert in self subjugation.
5	I was first introduced to Chrome Hearts a few years back when I saw someone at a show with a leather jacket with a huge embroidered cross on the back, with a large (4") silver cross in the center.  I had to ask where he got that, and he gave me a short intro to Chrome Hearts.  I purchased a pair of sunglasses shortly afterwards.  When planning a trip to Vegas with my wife, I found they had a store there, and made sure we went there.The store is very nice, much larger, and more "Friendly" than the 2 NYC shops we've been to.  I've been in the LV Chrome Hearts store each time I've been to Vegas in the last 5 years.  Never feel pressured to buy anything, never get attitude from the employees.  The first time I visited I made sure to show my sunglasses so they knew I was "one of them" (dumb, I know now), and was greeted with "I've always liked those, want them cleaned?" and they took them in back and tightened up the screws and cleaned them for me.  I thought that was cool, but that's just an example of the service there.It's a hard place to explain to people who have never been there, since it's a hard brand to explain.  My best example is that it's like Hermes, for rockers.  They sell a lot of them same items; sunglasses, clothing, shoes, purses, home items, etc.  And they're both pretty much in the same price range.  Most of the larger items are priced at "if you have to ask..."  But, like Hermes, it's all hand-crafted, but instead of Italy, it's all made in Hollywood, CA.  No cheap labor or materials.  If there's silver buttons/cuffs/crosses/buckles/etc on a jacket/coat/shirt, it's all sterling silver.  The only steel is the zippers.Most of the "base" products cater to a rock-n-roll lifestyle.  Silver jewelery with crosses, skulls, etc.  Most of the clothing is black, and yes, some of it says "FUCK YOU".  The sunglasses range from quite conservative to outrageous.  But they're all very high quality, and again, all the embellishments are sterling silver.  Most of the wood arms on the sunglasses are ebony.  And, again it's all handmade here.  Considering the quality and the labor, the prices really are on-par with any good luxury brand.I've spend hours in the store trying items on, talking to the employees about their favorite pieces, limited edition stuff, famous people who have come in to buy, etc.  The guys (and ladies) I've worked with are always great to work with, and I've never felt like I needed to buy anything, or that they were on commission and were looking for their sale.  And they have some great stories.At our most recent trip in Feb 2014, we spent a good hour plus talking with the manager and trying on items.  They had a mens croc jacket on display in the front, and I asked what the price was on something like that.  He took it off the mannequin and put it on me.  I've never had a high-end shop pull a $56K item out for me to try on, knowing full well I wouldn't be walking out with it.  When my wife was asking to look at some sunglasses, he pulled out a whole bunch of different models he thought would look good on her, or that were just plain cool and wanted to show off.Yes, we spent money there, but not because of the employees, we walked in fully intending to get a couple of items, and walked out with EXACTLY what we wanted.I can't rate this place highly enough.
1	Staff is rude and does not even say hello if they think you can not afford to buy anything. I had been eying a piece for a few months and went in to finally purchase the item but was so upset on how I was treated I just walked out. Not sure how people who have such low end jobs can think so highly about themselves. I made a trip to Los Angeles so I could pick up the item from the WEHO location but it appeared like that location is no longer in business or hidden under some rock. I guess I can live without the piece.
