5	Great midwife! I had her help and services with my son born in 2008. She is amazing!  I had a water birth. My water broke at 12 midnight and I delivered him at 5am. It was the most amazing experience at home:)  I recommend her, she spends the time with you and you can ask her tons of questions.
1	I would not recommend Margie as a midwife. I chose her for the birth of my first child due to her many years of experience, but what a mistake. She does not seem to even care. I had an unnecessarily long and painful labor that she did nothing to help me through. It was so bad that I wasn't healed up until about 8 weeks later. I hemorrhaged at the birth and she acted like it was no big deal at all, even after I fainted. Then I never heard from her after the birth...no 24 hour check up or 6 week follow up: nothing. Now that I've had my 2nd child with a different and amazingly wonderful midwife, it just shines a brighter light on how bad my experience with Margie was. I wish she would retire so that other women won't have traumatic birth experiences like mine
1	I had such a horrible experience with Margie as my midwife. I chose her because she had so much experience and knowledge and came with good recommendations, big mistake. As my due date grew near, I realized that a majority of the time during my prenatal appointments with her were spent by Margie talking about HERSELF - her pregnancies, her health problems, her family history. Many of my concerns were brushed off and she was condescending because this was my first pregnancy. Meanwhile she would contradict herself and did not remember details about my pregnancy or my family or my medical history. I had already been paying a significant amount of money for her services, so I felt that I was stuck with her. When the big day(s) finally arrived, I truly regretted hiring this lazy woman. I ended up in labor for three days and she only came over once for about 10 minutes. I had a horrendous labor that was not progressing, and despite this Margie was not concerned about the well being of my child. On the third day of labor, when she didn't come check my baby's heart rate or check on me, I went to the hospital. I was suffering from exhaustion and dehydration, and my baby was in distress. Margie harassed my family to let her into my house to get her things while I was in the hospital, but couldn't care less about calling me to ask about my health or my daughter's health. She was supposed to provide postnatal care and lactation consulting, but we haven't heard from her. After all was said and done, we paid her $300 an hour to talk about HERSELF!!!
1	This midwife did a great disservice to my daughter and granddaughter... I went with my daughter for her last prenatal visit to Margie Dacko. I was surprised that her idea of a 40 week exam was to lightly feel my daughter's stomach and listen to the baby's heartbeat.  Margie mostly talked happy-happy and very general. When my daughter tried to ask specific questions the answer was usually "oh, you'll know when it's happening..." or "well, everyone's different..." or "you don't want to even think about the hospitals, they put you at risk, it's not good for the baby..."She poo-pooed the idea of an ultrasound even though the baby was overdue for all three of the due dates she had given my daughter during the prenatal care and considerably overdue at that. Finally after pressured she said that if the baby didn't come in a few days my daughter could go for one.We should have gone right then for an ultrasound - the baby was not in position for birth. A few days later my daughter went into labor and about 18 hours after that her water broke. It wasn't until the next morning - a full 12 hours later, that Margie Dacko came over. She stayed just long enough to determine my daughter was 3 cm dilated and left, telling us to call her when the contractions were a minute long and 5 minutes apart.Late that night we called to tell her that the contractions were two minutes or longer but not getting closer than 8 minutes apart... she told us that was impossible that contractions are never longer than 90 seconds. This made us all question and second-guess ourselves even though I know that I had contractions that lasted longer than 90 seconds.So my daughter continued throughout the night. We called Margie at least once more asking her about this long labor - at this point around 3 days - and her response was that first babies take a long time.My daughter ended up opting to go to the hospital, where they told her she was still only 3 cm dilated after 3 days of labor. We also learned that the baby wasn't in the birth canal, and that any midwife worth her salt would have known that.In the end my daughter ended up not only having to go to the hospital, but having to have an emergency C-section that could probably have been avoided if Margie Dacko had done her job.
1	I've waited a few years but have to say that Margie Dacko has no business as a midwife and I would recommend staying as far away from this individual as possible.   I nearly lost my daughter and my wife because of this person's gross negligence.   Thankfully, the doctor was able to save my daughter, who had to be recesitated upon an emergency c section.   My wife spent 33 hours in labor and Margie barely got left our couch and was more concerned with the tv and getting out of our house than the well being of my family.   We found her to be incredibly lazy and the Margie Dacko who came to our house was not the same nice lady we met with beforehand when she wanted to our business.   I could go on, but this is a difficult matter and I just want to get the word out that Margie Dacko should be avoided at all costs.
