4	Consistently good food, decent prices, friendly staff and lightning fast delivery! Glad they are right around the corner.Not much of a dine in place but they do have a few tables for eating in. Def recommendation.
5	When it comes to Chinese takeout, China Fun gets 5 stars. Another one that is closest to what I grew up with back in NY.
4	Good food. Especially like the Chow Mai Fun (otherwise known as Singapore Noodles), which come in an assorted number of styles. Their chow mein is quite good, also. I do enjoy the won ton soup. I've been coming here for about 3 years and they never fail to satisfy. The prices are good and the service prompt. It's primarily designed for take out, but there are a few tables
5	Always great. Lived on Marlwood Circle over 20 years, never had a problem.Would recommend for take out or delivery.
3	First of all, my review for Chinese food is always going to be more harsh, since I have tried some of the best Chinese food.  Plus a Chinese native that traveled to Hong Kong once a year, nothing beats authentic food in HK!!!I placed a delivery order, and it got here within 20 minutes. I have the lunch sha cha shrimp and fried potsticker. The flavor of the shrimp is pretty good, and it's jumbo size shrimp. However the sauce it's bit too thick to my taste. There's nothing to said about the potsticker, just out of the package kind, but the dipping sauce has a bit of sweetness and spicy to it.Lunch combo is $5.65, price not bad at all. Oh and they gave me package sauces that going to last me a month lol... I will order from this place again on a lazy day that I don't want to drive out for food.
5	I love Chin Fun ! The chicken & broccoli w/ garlic sauce the pork low main is excellent . The service is exceeding good . And FAST  delivery . Tops on all my choices here inCharlotte / Mint Hill area .
5	The food always tastes fresh, they are so generous with their portions. Reasonable prices. It's very hard to find good tasting Chinese food here in Charlotte, but I am so happy I found China fun, they never disappoint. I always order to go, I never see people dine in.
3	I've only ate here once. I stopped here and ordered some takeout for my wife and I. She got the honey chicken combo and I got beef with broccoli. I was told 10 minutes but, it took 25 they were really busy so I kind of let it slide since I really wasn't in much of a rush. The pork eggrolls were pretty damn good and so were the fried dumplings. The beef broccoli was pretty good the broccoli tasted pretty fresh to me. The honey chicken on the other hand I had mixed feelings about. It was kind of a mess honestly. The chicken looked completely off it didn't really look like chicken some of the pieces looked like beef so I wasn't really fond of that my wife thought it was ok but ehhh....wasn't that amazing for me. On the other hand the prices there are pretty well priced. A good thing is for the people who only speak Spanish they got a girl there that speaks Spanish so she can help with that which is a BIG plus.All in all, its an ok place stuff is pretty good for the price plus I found this place off of Yelp so I just followed suit and gave it a taste.
2	This is not authentic Chinese food. The fried rice taste like white rice and does not have the traditional egg mixed in. The sweet and sour sauce is bitter and stale. The pork in the egg rolls is bright red grounded meat. The mix of flavors with the vegetables is very off. The only item that was passable was the orange chicken. The second star is just for effort and not being overly salty.
5	I have always been a fan of Chinese food and with that comes several run ins with terrible Chinese establishments both buffet and normal style. This place is good. Some may even argue excellent. Try it out
1	My wife and daughter ordered sesame chicken a few days ago. Both orders came without sesame, so she called the store and was told to return at her convenience and her order would be replaced at no charge. Today, she returned to get her sesame chicken and the owner was there. The owner said that she would not replace the order and offered a 3.00 compensation to include both messed up orders. As she said this she put the fresh sesame chickenb orders behind the counter, as if afraid they may be stolen. For this she lost three good customers as we ordered from this place frequently. Their cheapness has lost them both customers and money. I hope this shortsighted person learns her lesson as we won't be back.
