5	flo's has gone through a transformation. IN the past few years they have moved and expanded. They are always clean and well organized. Their used items are perfectly priced they have new merch too which is priced accordingly. It is an upscale thrift..I love it!
5	Loved this store, had some nice clothes and designer wear.  Clothes were sized and separated by types.  They were running a sale buy $25 and get $5 off and green tix were 50% off.  The 50% off sale and buy $25, was hard pressed to keep finding more clothes because of the deals.  Clearance racks in the back of the store.  Clothes were clean and the staff friendly and welcoming.  Not much in housewares, mostly women's clothes.
5	Yay, I want to go here today.  I was really impressed with this store.  It is VERY clean and VERY organized.  The ladies at the register (I say that because they remind me of the Lutheran church ladies that would have been friends with my grandma) are very sweet and genuine, taking care of your items as if they were there own.  GREAT book selection, too!
5	Neiman Marcus meet Salvation Army. Salvation Army meet Neiman Marcus. Nice. Wow. A vintage/thrift store that doesn't smell like my Aunt Helen's wig closet. No stench of mothballs, decaying bodies or stale smoke from an old pack of Capri Ultra Light Menthol 120s. Organized. Well staffed. Well, staffed by people who are actually engaging and interested in you. Unlike SO many other similar shops in this area where you get a little bit of "OH, you are so lucky to peruse my crap" attitude. Most importantly...great stuff. Vintage Italian dishware (think Fiesta with a Tuscan twist), Disney movie stills, framed, and selling for a mere Abraham and an entire case of well lit (much like myself at the time of shopping) Prada, Jimmy Choo and Minola Blanaks!! Just my luck! None in my size.  Flo. I love you! So glad you found another gig after Mel's. And for those who aren't a fan of Flo's. KISS MY GRITS!
5	Need a black dress for a murder mystery dinner party? Check.  How about a pair of suspenders?  Check.  A Christmas tree skirt?  They've got it.  This place has everything.
4	The husband and I have been doing lots of second hand shopping lately in attempts to do an eco/recession friendly redesign in our bathroom.  We stopped by Flo's looking for items to decorate with, and unfortunately we only found green tea lights.  This place is great though.It's refreshing to walk into a second hand store and not be bombarded with the usual toxic scent of moth balls and death.  This was no Goodwill.  Instead, we were greeted by a couple cashiers the second we walked in the door.  The store was very well organized, and I didn't have to fight my way through aisles of dirty clothes to find things.  You can find high quality home decor on the right and left of the store.  Nice clothing is organized neatly on multiple small clothing racks.  I didn't have a lot of time to rifle through the clothes, but I did see a good number of cute things I wouldn't mind adding to my wardrobe.The main drawback is that I saw a couch in here that I instantly wanted to buy.  It was a beautiful rust color with gorgeous curves and a modern flair.  Unfortunately, this was part of the store's furniture.  Read: Not for sale.  Boo.  Maybe next time I will just ask where they bought it.If you are looking for high quality second hand items and knowledgeable friendly staff, I highly recommend stopping by Flo's.  You won't leave this place feeling like you narrowly escaped the fumes of death.
3	I have found some nice items here. (Margarita glasses I got those 50% off the day of the Melrose street fair. I paid .99 a piece for them. Found some nice plus size blouses for my sis-inlaw, passed up some cute pants for myself, because of the price, thinking about it now I should have bought them. Old 45 vinyl records for birthday invitations that I was making, that was a great buy 2 for $1.00. I feel the prices are a bit high, but hey the money goes to a wonderful cause. Taken directly from their website. Our mission is supported by our vision of being the national leader in changing the future for girls. We do this by: Achieving excellence in all we do, growing to serve all girls in need and being the foremost expert in gender-specific services for girls. Florence Crittenton of Arizona is a non-profit 501C(3) organization that has served Arizona's youth and their families for well more than a century. Today we offer a comprehensive continuum of care designed to help at-risk girls from 12 to 21 overcome issues of abuse, neglect, teen pregnancy, teen parenting, and behavioral and/or mental health problems. We also deliver charter education for students in grades 9-12 as well as community-based services for youth and families. Our Crittenton Youth Academy, Independent Living & Life Skills, and collaborative programs extend our innovative programming to boys as well as girls. Most important, Florence Crittenton creates safe environments where youth, young adults, and families can discover the support of a caring community and the possibility of a bright new future. The employees are helpful and kind. I will continue to shop here often.
5	It didn't smell funny when I walked in!  Staff was really helpful, especially when I spotted the Kate Spade bag in the case.  Of course, being the purse whore that I am, I had to buy it.  They had high-quality used and vintage clothing as well as electronics and appliances.  There's a stereo receiver I eyed for next paycheck.  $40!  Wait, I didn't tell you that.  DON'T BUY IT.  I spend about $50 on the purse, a skirt and shirt.  Oh, and if you need a fondue set, they have one.  Just invite me over when you use it, K?
3	Nice and clean and a really good selection of items. This place isn't so much a "thrift" store because of the prices being a little high for used stuff, but nonetheless it's not bad. If you're looking for higher end stuff and don't want to go to a consignment shop then this is the place.
5	Savvy, discriminating shoppers need to check out Flo's on 7th. All I can say is WOW! The store is clean, organized, open and bright. The staff is so friendly and helpful. I found some great and virtually new Anne Klein black patent leather sandals and some Ann Taylor red wedgie ankle-strapped shoes. A red purse would be nice... ah yes, they had all the red purses organized together. Unique beautiful jewelry with tags still on it were displayed (I am thinking great gifts!). I attended their Heels for Healing event (shoes, baby!), which benefits the youth and families that Florence Crittenton helps. This is a quality organization that contributes to our community. I can feel great about my purchases not only for the bargains, but for the good these purchases will help provide. And of course they take donations too!Flo's on 7th has their own page on the Florence Crittenton web site: http://www.flocrit.org/floson7th.htmlTwitter: @flocritaz
3	I actually wasn't all that impressed with this store, but maybe it was just b/c I was looking at the kids' clothes. There selection was very minimal, although the prices were great. I did see some incredible deals on D&B purses, if you're in to that sort of thing. But I'm not, so a 300 dollar purse at a 40 dollar price is just a 40 dollar purse to me. The staff was okay, not too friendly, I think someone said hello at one point. They did have some good stuff though, and I will definitely be there again. I really just prefer to go through mounds of stuff, and find gems. I was also bothered by the posters of the kids that go through their programs. I guess just one in particular. One of the boys in the back was throwing up a gang sign. I thought that was a little inappropriate. Maybe it's just my soft-heart for that age group of misguided youth, but it really bothered me that he is still representing such a lost group. I wish they would have caught that.
2	Where did all the customer service go?  Where did all the good products go?  Is nobody donating anymore?  Unimpressive furniture which was overpriced,  Displays were no more than placing a shirt over a bust form.  Paper clipped signs on a Chanel purse in the case. I was in the store for over thirty minutes and did not see ONE person greeted or helped.  WOW!  This place has gone down hill.Loved the plastic bins outside with signs such as: Crafts n Such.  Are there any volunteers here?  I saw three paid staff chatting the entire time I was in the store.
4	A whole day spent thrift shopping, and things were starting to look daunting.  You can only go to so many places before the smell of poor and sad seeps into your skin (this is fixed by visiting a bar post shopping trip.)Then we found Flo's - lots of neat  stuff everywhere.  All seemed to be good quality and in good shape.  While they didn't have what I was looking for, they are on my list of gotta go back and keep checking.
5	The Books! The furniture! The dishes! The jewelry in the Fancy Stuff case!  Expensive designer shoes and ladies bags - expensive until they hit Flo'sItems from all these departments and more are in our home. This place is a bag of candy for a Thrift Store book addict. I've found lots of nice old literary and children's books, guitar playing instruction books with rock music chords and words and original compositions folded inside. Sweet D perches in front of her computer on a chair that probably began its life in an attorney's office. People drop off some interesting and classy plates, cups, dishes, dish sets, coffee and tea pots, plus shot glasses! We found Black Hills Gold earrings for a fraction of their retail or EBay price.   They were caked in shoe polish, roof patch, or some other gunk and we got lucky. We almost had to stop going. But we can't resist. Because we know we are buying the Stuff Holding Together the Universe as We Know It. If we don't clutter up our museum, I mean house with the right stuff, it may go to the dump, decompose, and chaos ensue. Besides that, Flo's is for helping young women who've fallen on The Worst of Times. And that is worthy.
5	i luv Flo's on 7th ave. what brought me in the first time was the $1.00 sale on mondays. i found some amazing clothes on the racks. even some that still had the price tag on them.  this little shop is small enough that you can go thru the clothes without feeling that you have missed something.     there are also great purses, books and furniture and the jewlery, wow. the fact that they contribute profits to a great charity is also a plus. I now stop in at Flo's on 7th when i am visiting my friend in phoenix.
5	A really great thrift store that sells some excellent stuff. Plus, Flo's on 7th is Florence Crittenton's store, so it's helping out a great cause.  Check this place out first before any other thrift store.  You can find better stuff here and at a good price.
3	-VERY clean and organized. No funky thrift store smells.-Kind of pricey for a thrift store, considering that they received the stuff for FREE via donations....another overpriced thrift-store...sigh!-Lots of second-hand clothing.-Service seemed ok. No one acknowledged me, but I didn't make a purchase either.-Parking is a bit tight, and crazy if you pull in FROM 7th Ave.
3	They are cool because they are a dropoff point for The Bra Recyclers!  The donation slip also entitles you to a 10% discount in the store.
2	Being a junker for over 30 years qualifies me to say that I found Flo's overpriced and having nothing.  Now in fairness, I hit it on a Saturday afternoon when they might have been picked over already, so I will give it another shot someday...when I have time and am in the area.  But my impression of Flo's really was "meh..."I can say it was very nicely organized, tho, and clean smelling...always a plus in a thrift store unless you have very bad sinuses, anyway.
4	I stop here at least once a month. Here are the things I've had especially good luck finding at Flo's:* furniture. specifically, a great 1980s Lowrey Organ and bench stuffed with organ music for $60. Works great!* books. I don't know who regularly donates castoff books to this place, but whoever it is could be my best friend, judging by the taste in books. You can find the usual mystery genre fiction here, which doesn't interest me, but there are some great new poetry volumes and lots of medical books and memoirs.* vintage. I agree with other posters who say that a lot of the stuff here is overpriced. But sometimes they don't know what they have! This is how I scored a mint-condition Chessa Davis for I.Magnin maxi skirt from the 1970s. Beautiful!* weird stuff. I got a big bag of clear, acrylic, 6" high alphabet letters for $5.* I love anthropologie, and I find anthro items here quite often.* They have a relatively clean bathroom--but the door is the heaviest door I've ever encountered.* I believe in the mission of the Florence Crittenton school, so I don't have qualms about my money going there.* color tag days: every day, a certain color tag has an additional percentage off.* senior days (though they don't apply to me)And for the minuses:* I've basically never found a wearable pair of shoes here. It's all beat-up Naturalizer pumps from 1988.* You're supposed to take no more than 3 items into the fitting room at once, and you're supposed to check in with an attendant. However, the attendant isn't always available (and, to be honest, sometime she acts very put-out that you want to try on the clothes you might buy). If you honor the rule of taking only 3 items in with you, you're supposed to hang the others on a metal rack outside the fitting-room door--the same metal rack where other shoppers are putting their rejects for re-racking. You can see where this is going. More than once, I've come out to retrieve my next three attempts, only to find my selections have been re-racked. They need to develop a better system; until then, I'll be ignoring the three-item rule.
4	This is a great place to find something for your closet or home while supporting a great cause.  The staff is always upbeat and helpful... if you know what you are looking for and they have seen it, they will help you track it down.
3	As a weekly Thrift Shopper I find my trips to Flo's now further and far between. Their shop is very clean and well laid out but it is very clothes heavy and a tad pricey leaving alot to be desired. Knowing that my money is being used for a good cause makes up for this and keeps me coming back again and again.
3	Sorry to say, but I don't see what the hoopla is all about for this place. It's a step above the usual thrift store in its organization and presentation, and I suppose that makes a more comfortable, dignified shopping experience for some. But considering that everything there is donated, the prices are ridiculous. It's for charity! you say. Well, so are the dozens of other thrift stores around town, with comparable presentation and selection, but more reasonable prices. On this block where there are several other second-hand shopping options, I'd hit this place last with whatever cash left over after the other shops. I give it three stars because it's a good store, but it would be a stretch to call this place a thrift store. It's le sequeund haaand le clothing.
4	Peeps, let's get real for a second:  when I go thrifting, I absolutely hate how dirty some places can be.  This place is like a beautiful, sparkling gem. I mean, reallllllly clean!  Off to a great start, if I do say.The ladies working that day were all very nice and helpful, as I had several questions and needed to use the toilet.  Clothing is nicely arranged, and all items and pretty easily accessible.  The day that I shopped there, all blue tag items were a whopping dollar!  Score.While I didn't find anything on my first trip, I am happy to say I will be heading there soon to try and find a glorious Christmas/Hanukka/Kwanzaa/other this-time-of-year-holiday sweater.  See you soon, Flo!
4	wow, greats deals
5	I stumbled upon Flos on 7th by accident, and it was an accident waiting to happen :)Clean and organized.Tons of high end items.One dollar color tags that rotate biweekly.This is not your typical thrift store. It feels like a thrift boutique.All of the money raised by this store goes towards helping teens without homes. Shopping + Bargains + Giving to a Good Cause= Amazingness.Go Flos!
5	I can't believe it took me so long to step into this place!!! Flo's has great finds, even some name brand items, for really great prices. This place has everything you could want in a thrift store--huge selection, perfect prices, friendly staff, and a clean and fun shopping experience.Overall, if you're into thrift shopping, don't miss Flo's on 7th!!!
3	Cute little thrift shop. The day we went the clothes were all 50% off and certain tag colors where 50% off. I love when thrift stores add additional savings perks :)  I didn't find anything that impressive but with thrift stores its always hit or miss. I will go back and check it out again.
5	It's so easy to give Flo's on 7th five stars, they are my favorite thrift store in the valley. And my grandmother is hooked on them as well. You never know what you'll find here and their inventory changes all the time.  Some recent treasures I've uncovered here, a beautiful mahogany frame 24x30 (something like that) - $10. A very large blown glass serving tray (it's my dinning room center piece filled with fruit) - $25, assorted plastic fruit a big bag - $2.50, round pedestal end table with faux tiffany lamp - got the combo for $25. I have to check them out at least twice a month and it's always a pleasure.
5	One of the nicest thrift stores I've ever been to. Well organized with quality items. The staff seem friendly as well.
4	Nice thrift store, good selection of clothes, shoes, housewares, and books, with profits supporting their at risk youth programs.
3	Stopped into this little thrift store for a look after visiting Zinnias at Melrose next door.  They don't have a lot of hard goods, but it's a nice clean place, things are neatly organized and the prices struck me as mostly reasonable.The staff lady was very nice and this place is being run for a great cause, helping young women get out of unsatisfactory situations.  It's very likely I'll return here with donations and to have another look at what's on hand to buy.     :-)
