4	My husband and I visited for lunch as part of our "Team Lara Saturday". Cuban Sylvain Bakery is tucked away in a strip mall on the north side of Tropicana. The parking lot is small but parking is ample. Inside are four high boy tables with stools and a small bartop, making seating for just about 12. As such, it seemed most of the orders were to go. Let me get this out: this is not, by any means, a fancy place. It's straightforward - menu, tables, and pizza and very fair prices. Like the ambiance, the menu is focused: small and large pizzas ranging from $5-$12 with mostly pork-centric toppings (chorizo, ham, or Hawaiian) and a selection of Cuban beverages, including shakes. As far as bakeries go, the pastry selection seemed limited, but they do offer cakes and a few desserts. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cuban-sylvain-bakery-las-vegas?filter_by_userid=True&select=pibdh3ESU8EMzTIJ-DPZcQ&userid=5DFshFQlbQiQTvtzH7qwlA#RQzwp3EDKtwkBrt3tpqoEANow, what makes a Cuban pizza, you ask? My extensive *cough* GOOGLE *cough* research leads me to understand the following:1. The crust is puffier.2. The cheese used is a blend of mozzarella and gouda.3. The toppings are baked IN to the pizza (meaning crust, sauce, toppings, AND THEN cheese)All that said, at $13 for two small pizzas (one pepperoni and one ham), a Malta (AKA instant diabetes with 36g sugar 58g carbs), and a bottle of water, I'm satisfied. What stood out for me was the crust, which was definitely puffier, but not at all doughy. It was like a pizza crust had a baby with a loaf of Cuban bread and happiness happened for all. It was well baked and had a lovely cheesy crispiness on the edges. Clearly, from my photo, the the toppings were baked on top, but that's fine with me. We ate the pepperoni pizza on site and it was served straight out of the oven. The ham pizza was devoured upon our return home. I have to say, it was just as good a little cold as it allowed for the flavors of the sauce, crust, and jam to become more pronounced. Also, the jam was far more generously topped. The plan, next time, is to try the onion pizza as it seemed a popular selection among those who ordered after us.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cuban-sylvain-bakery-las-vegas?filter_by_userid=True&select=pibdh3ESU8EMzTIJ-DPZcQ&userid=5DFshFQlbQiQTvtzH7qwlA#pibdh3ESU8EMzTIJ-DPZcQ
1	I came to place an order for a birthday cake. The open sign was on, so I proceed to open the door. The few people that were inside started making some gestures i didn't understand. Then a man came closer, and with very rude gestures pointed a some small later that said: closed on Wednesday. It would only take him a second to open the door, and say: we are close today. I apologize for the inconvenience. I simply drove two blocks down, and went to Roly's bakery, where they happily helped me. There are many restaurants in town that make great cuban food. If you don't provide good customer service, you are out of the game. Learn the business.
5	Pizzas are exquisite! Authentic Cuban flavor! Batidos(milkshakes) are creamy and made with real fruit! Must go place! The owner is very friendly!
5	We decided to try this place based on the Yelp reviews. I have to say that it did not disappoint. We had a small chorizo pizza and a small Hawaiian pizza and mango batidos (shakes). The pizza dough was light and airy. The sauce subtle, the cheese and toppings plentiful and tasty. The shakes creamy and delicious. (If you have never tried a Cuban batido, you are truly missing out. They are not as sweet as a regular shake, but they are delicious).  I should mention that they only sell whole pies, not pizza by the slice.We also tried the pastelitos de guayaba (guava and cheese filled flaky pastry). Also very tasty.  Just an FYI, the menus are in Spanish, and the pastries are located in the back, you have to ask for them. Don't worry if you don't speak Spanish, the staff speaks English.The place is tiny, but very bright inside and super clean. It is located in a small strip mall next to the Cuban used car dealer. There was no sign out front, you have to turn into the parking lot to find it. I have to admit that we did drive past it, and only found it when we used our GPS. They are across the street from Marketon if that helps.They have only been open for three months, but while we were there, a steady stream of customers came in, a lot of them repeat customers.We will definitely be back to try some of their other pizzas and shakes.
2	Yo paso por ese sitio y no habia nada dolamente pizza, pregunte por pastelillos no habian pregunte por croquetas no habian no voy mas y no lo recomiendo mejor voy a Rolys
1	Mal organisado, no habia nada pregubte por pastelillos no habian pregunte por Sandwiches no habian y tampoco croquetas, Rolys es el mejor
