2	The lady who takes your blood here is amazing and has never missed. She also has a really great personality and made my 3 hour test a little less miserable. The wait time for appointments has gotten  bad and I've had some issues with the front desk being rude. It's not a very personal experience so far and I'm almost through my pregnancy (39 weeks).
1	Rude front office staff.  There are problems with communication amongst the group that works here.  Typically the doctor runs at least 1/2 later than when the appointments are booked.  Well, this is what I was told by the office manager.  On average we wait 45 minutes past our appointment time just to be taken by a nurse to wait to speak with the dr.Dr Bass himself hardly listens to anything you say.  Week after week we are telling him the same old information and the next week it always seems to be forgotten.  Even once did a test we explicitly were against.  The list goes on but I'll stop there for the sake of time.
1	Bring work with you because you will be waiting an hour every time you have an appointment. I had a prob with the lady that did my ultra sound. After waiting 50 min she told me I was having a girl which I already knew. That was my last appointment Ms. 2 pictures and 30 seconds later I was done. I asked if baby looked healthy or small she told me we are not looking for that today. Then read my chart and stop waisting my time!!! I'm usually pretty patient but expect this kind of thing EVERY time you come here.
5	I really like this office. Friendly front desk and the dr. Is amazing. I love the ultra sound techs they are very informative and friendly. Sometimes there is a longer wait, but you can't plan when babies are born! :-)
1	I would give this place a negative review if possible. Clearly they always run an hr behind but fail to tell anyone that when they arrive. I arrive a half hour for my first appointment with paperwork filled out. I wasn't even called for over an hour. Then the nurse barely talked to me, asked me why I was there then said the dr would be in soon. After another half hour of waiting, I got dressed and left. I tried to ask the front desk for my copy back and there was no one there authorized to do that, let alone it took me 10 minutes to wait for someone to be free to talk to. After calling twice and sending a nasty letter, two months later I received a refund. I'm sorry but waiting two hrs to see a doctor is unacceptable. No one even apologized ever!!
5	Dr. Erickson is awesome!  He's now delivered both of my daughters and the experiences were great.  He's easy to talk to and was highly referred to us by a friend.  Both deliveries were fantastic.  He was calm and nurturing for my wife and I during labor, and you can tell he really cares about his patients.  I've actually seen him run across the parking lot to go deliver a baby at Arrowhead Hospital while we were pulling up to his office for one of our 3rd trimester appointments .  From what I understand, he did the same for us when it was our time.
