4	Great chocolates with outrageous selection of flavors, great packaging (done there by the nicest lady). Cute place, small but very neat and you can see the chocolates making area in the back. Oh one more thing, smells really really good in there.
5	delicious, verging on too delicious!! Intriguing flavor combinations, and pretty much everything makes a terrific gift. But what takes it into 5-star territory for me (I'm a tough grader) is the artisinal vibe of this place - clearly these are chocolates made with love. wisdom and creative flair. And business sense - they aren't cheap. but you can buy in really small quantities if you want to, they will gift wrap pretty much anything. Look out for the spiced hot-chocolate mixes.
4	Happened upon this shop in my wanderings and had to step inside. Really cute shop with lots of options. I had to buy a fleur de sel truffle and was given a fig and balsamic one, gratis. Flavor explosion. The perfect bite and everything I could have wanted.  Some really neat flavor profiles as well- I want to come back and try them all!The woman who runs the shop is really nice and is willing to explain everything about her wares. I could kick myself for not buying a box to take home
4	Love this place! Very cute logos and designs on their chocolate products. It's very fun and cute. They are EXPENSIVE but really worth it. I bought a masala, milk chocolate, and almond bars and they were ALL so good. I remember buying a regular but not too large bar for 6 dollars.  You can definitely taste the quality in their chocolates. The shop is small, quaint, and very hidden. it's not on main street of Saint Denis but rather in like an "alleyway". Anyway, they sell fresh chocolates, and bars and I believe hot chocolate? I need to double check on that. i remember them selling chocolate drinks....but might be wishful thinking. If you want quality chocolates. check out this place.
5	The chocolates are delicious looking and tasting! You can tell there is an artist's mind behind the flavor combinations and decor.
4	Tiny shop located on Duluth, that offers a pretty good variety of chocolate. Great selection of interesting flavors that you can purchase individually or in a box. You can select your own flavors, as well as the number per box - the minimum starts at 6 for $12. You can also find delicious brownies, candied ginger, chocolate bars, hot chocolate and pastilles. Definitely worth the trip!
5	My friend and I were so lucky to happen to stay near this lovely, wonderful shop.  The chocolates are absolutely delicious, interesting, and reasonably priced for such high, handmade quality. The women who work there are very warm and friendly.  I brought back some of their chocolates for my office, and they were gone in a flash.
5	Found this place while vacationing in Montreal - review based on a box of 6 truffles and a jar of prune jam. Honey, Coconut, Salt, and Cardamom truffles were awesome - 5 spice and ginger were good. WAY better than the big godiva or lindt stores in the US. I also fricken love prunes (I am an old woman), and the jam was very good. Should have bought more!
