1	I found this place when I purchased a deal chicken.  It was 5mins from my house and I was excited to try a new place.  I called to make the appt. and the girl was super nice and accommodating for my schedule.  I needed to get the gel mani and pedi done within an hour and a half.  She said no problem.  I was getting married that weekend and this was for the event.  I showed up on time and was told the original person I had the appt with wasn't there.  No problem I figured no biggie.  Boy was I wrong.  The lady who was my replacement was a hairdresser NOT a nail tech.  She had zero experience.  She was already doing someones hair and I ended up waiting 20mins before she started on my toes.  What a disaster.  She was slow and inexperienced and I think my 7yo son could have done a better job painting them.  By this time I was seriously running low on time so I just told her to do a reg mani and skip the gel (which was the whole point of me going in the first place!).  Not to mention they didn't have red in the gel which seems like a common enough color to have in stock.  I ended up going home and painting my own nails since I have a gel kit at home, thank goodness.  By the next day, I noticed that the toe polish was chipping and peeling off and was also goopy looking like the polish was old.  Very disappointing.  Needless to say I wasted my money.  Will NEVER come back here.
5	This Salon & Boutique is a one stop shop for clothing, jewelry, hair services and especially nail services.  If you are looking for a nail tech that does quality work for manicures and pedicures at a reasonable cost, Becky Grand is the lady for you.  Gone to her for 11 yrs and not a complaint within that time. She is personable, knowledgable and will listen to your needs.This salon has it all and I recommend it highly.
5	I feel like I'm constantly on the hunt for new salons... it's like an unhealthy obsession of mine (kind of like Rand H. and his buffet chase, haha). Anyway, I hit gold today! Like Julie says, it's a one stop shop for EVERYTHING! Nails - check. Waxing - check. Hair - check. Clothes/accessories - check. Joy and Becky are dolls. They're very hospitable. I was probably whining about hungry I was (like always) and they brought me PIZZA AND WINE. Who does that at a salon? I was sold after that. I found them through DealChicken... the special was a hot stone pedicure (that feels amazing, by the way) and a shellac manicure... only $29. Then, I find out a shellac manicure is only $15 at this place! For all you female yelpers, you know you can't find a shellac manicure for anywhere under $25. It's also really nice to be able to speak to your nail tech in English, and she replies in perfect English... no  "$5.00 dollar more's" here! My nails and toes look absolutely fab, too. Repeat customer foreverrrrrrrrr.
5	I have been going to Mist'ique for a long time to have my acrylic nails done. Becky Grand is the best nail tech and I have a standing every 2 week appt with her. I always receive compliments from friends and co-workers on my nails. The place is clean, the staff friendly, and the nail color selection is amazing! I've also purchased clothing and jewelry from the boutique and have received many compliments!If you need any type of nail service, I highly recommend Becky and Mist'ique!
1	I heard about Mistique when I bought a living social deal a few months ago. I paid $29 for a hot stone pedicure and hand massage valued at $60. I was very excited to try a new place, and assumed it was something special considering I never pay $60 for a pedicure!My first impression of the boutique was that it was small, modern and I really enjoyed the overall vibe- but where are the pedicure spa chairs?? There was one small chair, and the woman came out from the back carrying a large ceramic bowl filled with hot water. I don't know about anyone else, but I really like the massage chairs and the jets that are standard at most nail salons. It was a disappointment not having that.The woman who did my pedicure was funny and very friendly, but I don't think she does a lot of pedicures. The paint looked sloppy and since I hadn't worn my own sandals, I left barefoot.Cute decor and friendly tech doesn't mean I want to go back for a VERY overpriced, crappy looking pedicure.
2	Sent my mom and wife to Mystique Boutique as part of my mom's birthday gift. They couldn't have been more disappointed! Got this as part of Livingsocial deal. What a joke! First it promised a glass of champagne. They got none. When they inquired they were told they didn't have any. The technician jabbered on their phone the entire time they were doing the service. The place was less than clean. VERY DISAPPOINTING and not worth it. Wouldn't suggest this at all!
1	I went there after purchasing a living social deal.  First of all, I want my nail done French and they said they couldn't do it, they didn't know how. The pedicure was disappointing.  She didn't cut my cuticles and did a  sloppy job on my toes.  The lady was nice, but talked to much. I really enjoy the massage chairs and bubbly foot soak. The chair was basic and they brought out a bowl of water for the soak. I was also supposed to get a glass of champagne, but of course they didn't have it.  I had a shellac nail treatment.  They again don't soak your hands or cut your cuticles.  She missed a large area on my thumb.  Very disappointing experience.  I will never go back.  I will stick with the asians. They do nails best.
3	My girlfriend and I purchased coupons for a pedicure and a gel manicure.  The shop is in a strip mall and was a little bit challenging to find.  There's a lot of great merchandise inside - bags, shirts, jewelry but it does make it feel a bit cluttered.  This place does not have the feel of a spa experience but rather a neighborhood beauty salon.  They only have one pedi chair so the side-by-side experience of foot worship with a close friend is out.  However, they do have a nail station seated right next to the pedi chair so that you can gossip loudly.  I have no complaints about the services I received.  The pedi could have been a little more thorough but I received a hot stone massage on the calves and that was a nice touch.  My girlfriend was less satisfied with her experience.  She was unhappy with her manicure and the owner could see that she wasn't happy.  To her credit, the owner took off the shellac and refunded half of the coupon price.  She handled it extremely professionally and while that should be the norm, it often isn't.  Whether you'd enjoy this salon depends on the type of experience you're seeking.  If you're looking for a neighborhood joint with a Cheers-esque vibe, this place is for you.
5	This is the only nail salon I visit.  Ms Joy rocks my nails out every 2 weeks.  In the past year I've left with a different nail look every time.  She carries MANY colors of shellac.  Mistique is not only a salon, but also a great little community of women AND men.  :-)
4	I haven't been in Glendale long and I've wanted to go in every time I took my dry cleaning.  They have such cute clothing and hand bags, I've already bought 3 blouses and a dress.  One time I went in when they had other vendors selling jewelry, totes, and candles.  I ended up buy some jewelry.  I would like to try getting my nails done there to see how they are.
