5	this is a great monday  morning review. first, let me set the scene for you:it's Sunday night. I've spent literally the entire day nursing a hangover wtih frozen pizza and S&C dvds. finally, around 8 p.m., after the sun goes down i take my dog for her evening stroll. fresh out the shower, and because it's dark, i rock a ridiculous PJs outfit of super short, bright orange shorts and a tank top in crayola crayon red. i look like a damn popsicle or something.   ... anyway, i return to find that in my hang over cloud i've by habit flipped the bottom lock as i walked out. for the record, i have never, ever locked my self out, lost my keys and in my 10 years of driving locked keys in a car one time. eff. i reapeat, eff.no wallet, no cell phone, no keys (car keys to drive to a safe house) and no  makeup.... and with a dog. did i say EFF! ? so, i bite the bullet and walk up to the ampm on kyrene and elliot, 65-pound pit in tow who happens to pretty much hate strange men, particularly when they're on bikes. you know the exact kind of people who frequent am pms on a sunday night.without the aid of a cell phone contacts list i came to realize i know about three numbers by heart. and one of them is my BBF's parents' number from 12 years ago. long story short i get a phone book and call every locksmith with 24 hour service in the valley.A Professional Locks was the ONLY one who wanted less than $80, and estimated he could be there in about 30 minutes instead of the requisite hour everyone else needed to rescue a frustrated girl and her dog ( est. was $55 - a steal really considering every other locksmith considered this a 24-hour emergency type service given the day/time)so i walked back and sure enough, he was there in the alloted time and even though he couldn't pick the lock because the door knob was so old and jacked, causing him to take the knob off and rekey it, he didn't charge more. now that's service. in fact, dozer even lunged and jumped on him all snarling (she's not a biter, just an intimidater) he didn't even freak out or get pissed. now that's class. yes, they are licensed and bonded, too. i don't know why his price was so much cheaper, but i am stoked. five stars!
5	This place rescued my mother more than once over the years and were very helpful to me when I needed extra keys made and when I had questions about how to operate the "keyless entry" lock on the front door.  I had the combination but needed the technique and they gave me enough suggestions that I was able to figure it out.  My worst fear was that I would lock myself out and not be able to get back in if I couldn't work the combination.  Thanks for all your help guys!
4	Well every road trip has its blunders.  Ours included that we forgot to pack our house key.  So needless to say, while still in Pennsylvania, I looked up locksmiths in Chandler online and saw that this place had a great review.  We called before the flight even took off for Phoenix and scheduled for someone to come to our home to open the lock.  A new key was manufactured and presented to my boyfriend, a souvenir we both laugh about.  ;o)  The service was over and done with in 15 minutes and it only cost $65, which is pretty good for a late-night housecall locksmith.  :o)  Hopefully we won't have to use them again, but if a situation arises, A-Professional Locks is who we're gonna call.
5	We've used these guys two more times since the original for an apartment we rent out to tenants in Mesa!  They are very professional, reasonably priced and on-time!
5	I have dealt with these guys on three occasions and they have been great every time.  I went to Lowe's and they:a.  Didn't have blanks for all the keys I neededb.  The keys they did copy didn't work anywaySo I went to my friendly neighborhood locksmith where every key was flawless, even the "manufacturer only" keys that they didn't have a perfect match for.  They were still able to shave a close blank down and make my keys.I never go anywhere else now.  Why bother.
4	Somewhat difficult to review this one because they didn't actually do anything.I was having a problem with a lock.  The lock maker actually sent me parts to be used to repair it.  But, while I could get the lock out of the door, I couldn't take it apart.  These guys said I could bring it to them, so I did.  Of course when I bring it to them it works fine.  So they send me on my way with no charge.I have put the lock back, and it's still not quite right, but it is better.  No idea why.  However, I have to give these guys a good rating for customer service.  They were going to fix the lock with the parts I brought with me, and when they found no problem they didn't even charge me a diagnostic fee.  I like that.  If this thing acts up again I will be trying these guys first.The only reason they don't get 5 stars from me is because the first guy didn't seem to know anything about an Emtek lock, and after several minutes of not getting anywhere with it he took it to another guy in the back who seemed to know them.
5	I've used these guys several times for both home and work, and they're great.  The latest time was a need for new copies of my car key, which has been challenging in the past because copies work the ignition and trunk but often not in the door lock - only the original key works in the door lock.  I want the copy I use daily to work in case of problems with the remote openers.  Dunno why that one lock is finicky, maybe it's slightly off since it was manufactured, or maybe wear.  It took some tinkering, but A-Professional Locks ended up with copies that work smoothly in all three cylinders.  Great service and skill every time I've been in there.
5	This place is awesome. I couldn't get a spare key made for my motorcycle anywhere (tried Ace Hardware, Home Depot, etc). I really didn't want to go to the dealership and spend $20 on a key, luckily I found this place through Yelp. They made me a perfectly working spare in less than 3 minutes for $3. Go here if you need motorcycle keys made!
1	I scheduled an appointment and no one showed up within the timeframe they gave me. I called the office and no one answered. I called again and the guy that answered said he was finishing a job and could be there in 10 minutes. No sorry and no explanation as to why he's late. I asked him to charge me regular rate since he's late and he said no. I am appalled! The company should have called me in advance to tell me they were running late. They also should have done something to make it right for being late. Horrible customer service!
4	I had to have my dead bolt replaced on my front door.  I called to set up an appointment and received a quote from the man who answered the phone.  The next day the person doing the job was running a little late, but called me to let me know. He was excellent!  I wish I remembered his name.  He gave me options on what I could do to fix my lock problem and in the end I decided to replace it like I originally planned.  He did the job quickly and showed me what the problem was.  He was extremely friendly.  The reason I rated 4 stars instead of 5 was because  my bill was higher than what I was quoted on the phone.  I will definitely use this company again if I have lock problems.
5	Late afternoon on a Sunday we locked ourselves out of our new home.  Rich didn't hesitate to come to our rescue!  He arrived right on time and took the time to take care of us.  The price was way lower than I expected.  I plan to use their services for my company as well.  Would highly recommend this company and rich!!!
5	Good service! My locksmith was quick, professional, and friendly. He also charged me a fair price. I'll call them again if I need their services.
5	Extremely knowledgeable and helpful.  They were professional and timely.  I would use them again.
