4	The scene:Its stylish, clean and new. They've been up and running under a year. The service:Super nice and right on top of everything. If our waiter wasn't on it, another one was right there to take care of it. The food:Definitely inexpensive (4 items at $7) You can get a good, filling meal for two people easily under $20. Mine came out a little cold, but it was tasty. It was also out fairly quickly. Overall:We'll be back, they took good care of us and its a great late night stop (open til 12am)
3	I have not been here for a long time.  The place got a face lift (nice, clean, and modern-ish.  I do not know if it was a holiday or what.  The place was slammed.  The wait for a table was only 10 mins.  Ok!!!  Our server was terrific, she is spot on and quick.  It was awesome that all the servers chip in to check and help the customers.  We placed our drink orders and she is back quickly with the drink then got our food order.  I got the chicken ranch sandwich.  Fried chicken patty, cheese, bacon, and ranch on the side.  It was pretty good.  My husband got the country skillet.  Another server bought out our food and one of the bacon strips fell off the plate.  She just laughed and said "Opps it jumped.".  She did not offer to bring him a replacement or anything and walked off.
5	We enjoy this VI very much! Service is always  friendly and food is served hot and tastes great! Our favorite Server Colleen is now a Hostess, so things can only get better!
5	This has been our "go to" restaurant for last 5 years. We work long hours and often need good and consistent quality food without waiting.   The Cobb and Ceasar Salds are generous and really fresh. The Steak dinner is surprisingly good.  The steaks are amazingly tender and good portion size- highly recommend it.  We love that we can get a great steak without waiting at some fancy restaurant and the price is so reasonable.  The Wait Staff and Manager are incredibly nice and very accommodating of special requests and substitutions.  Now let me tell you about cleanliness.   The servers have secondary duties that include vacuuming, cleaning window sills and booths when they aren't busy.   The restaurant is one of the cleanest I've seen.   That's important to me.   Sometimes on weekends when they are real busy the restroom gets a bit messy but that's understandable.    We love Free Pie Wednesday and have even just ordered a cup of coffee and still get a free piece of pie without a question.    This Village Inn is the best run VI we've been to including the VI headquarters in Colorado!!
5	Always friendly and great service.  It is nice to get whatever you want on the menu anytime during the day or night.  The pies are really good.
5	The revamped peanut butter pie is amazing !!
4	Got the build your own omelette with carnitas and tomatoes. It was very good. The pancakes that came with it seem smaller than they used to be but that's good because I never finished them anyways. The waiter Jorge was awesome on top of everything before you even had to ask. :-)
4	Friendly and quick service with a smile.  The food is somewhere, I'd say, better than IHOP.  Not super great, but definitely delicious.  They actually had three or four different brews, which was a surprise.  Other than that, not much different than the chain breakfast places, just a little better.
2	Food was soggy & cold when I got it. First time eating at a village inn and I was HIGHLY disappointed. I always see lots of cars at the other restaurants no matter what day it is, I pulled into this one and it was completely empty.. Now I know why. It took two staff members to get my food for me. I'm not one to complain but i was really disappointed. I was really wishing it was better! Maybe ill try another one!
3	Cuban pita for lunch. Really good!!
4	Super friendly service, nice and clean store. I like coming here for lunch on Wednesdays, because you get a free piece of pie 10am-10pm.
5	this place was very busy but we were seated right away. because of how packed they were it did take a while to get our drinks but our food came out super fast. our server Nicole was a good server. didn't really get to chat with her but she did do a good job and considering it was busy I understand that. I have no negative experience other than the drinks taking  a while to come out and getting refilled
3	It was okay I wouldn't rate it the best. Ihop is better. Reasonable price. The employees need to be more smiley. They kinda look like " I hate my job kill me" I mean we all hate our jobs lol sometimes but why show it. The has brown are mushy not good. I only ate the too that was crispy.
5	This morning for breakfast my hubby and I were in the mood for French toast decided we should definitely come here. When we arrived we were immediately greeted and were sat right away. Server came by and was ready to take our order. The hubby ordered the strawberry and banana French toast without the white filling and I ordered a skillet with eggs, ham, sausage , bacon, veggies, potatoes and it came with an order of pancakes. By far one of the best places to have breakfast. The pancakes were delicious. And the best part is we literally had our meal within 10 min of ordering. Every time we come it is never a disappointment.
3	This is a typical dinner place. Breakfast foods are good and priced right. The pies are good and Wednesdays are free slice of pie day.
