4	Very friendly staff.  They were even helpful to the boyfriend about his Rolex questions, while he was perusing with his tall can of Coors Light. Classy!
5	We walked in to just to take a browse and walked out with a new Rolex. I was told that they carry every Rolex available and I believe it. I took my Rolex into Ben Bridge in CA and the sales associate wanted to know where I got it because it was a very rare one. I even saved a few hundred bucks because I live in CA and didn't have to pay sales tax. This rule only applies if a store in not located in the state you live in.  This should not be a problem for most since they are only in Vegas. I went back two years later to get my watch cleaned and the service was great. The staff is very educated and knowledgeable. I just wish I would have bought my first two there. I will never buy a Rolex from anyone else.  Warning: If you like Rolexes and just want to look, you might not want to go in. There is a high probability you'll walk out with a new watch.
5	Mia (Sales Associate) is the best. She is extremely professional. Great selection, service and pricing. They carry one of every model made.
5	There are 2 luxury watch stores near each other in the Wynn. One is the Rolex store. Best Rolex selection arguably in the world aside from Geneva. Just go see it. But that is NOT the "Wynn & Company Watches" store. That one is the HUGE watch store that is brand new and just opened as of mid September 2012. This review is for that store.The layout of the store is STUNNING. It is a bunch of brand boutiques in one place. Patek boutique, boom! Breguet, Blancpain boutiques next to each other just like on Madison Ave in NYC (but here they are under the same room). Vacheron boutique is to die for. The highlight is the Panerai boutique in the back with an amazing selection of Panerais on display (oh is that just another Panerai 376 and 372 just sitting out for anyone to see and try on? Yup). If that was not enough, the A Lange & Sohne selection here is outstanding as well. No boutique for ALS or Claret or some other high end brands, but an amazing selection regardless.Selection, layout, feel, finish --- best watch store in the US in my humble opinion (I have been to the Bal Harbour Florida ones, every NYC one, the SoCal ones, the SF ones).On top of that, the service is helpful, patient, NOT snobby, NOT pushy which is rare enough to find at a place selling Patek, forget a place selling Patek, VC, Breguet, and more. Amazing.Spending time here was like being part of a fancy horology show with free admission. I walked out with a huge smile on my face the rest of the day. Perfection., If you like watches even a little bit, go here. If you a watch nut or WIS, make a special effort to make sure you don't leave Vegas without going here.
