5	Simply the best automotive repair place I've yet found in Phoenix. Honest, fair, and competent. I've taken three vehicles there for service over several years now and never been dissatisfied.
5	A very reliable local garage. Bill is all about great customer service, and goes the extra mile. He deflated my fears about "being taken" by other mechanics playing on my automotive ignorance. He's a truly good guy, knows his stuff, and will work to save me money if he can find it. I trust Bill, and 25th Street Automotive. Thanks, and we'll continue to bring our wheels into your shop.
5	I've been taking my car(s) to then for years.  Super organized system, excellent customer environment, and very level headed and trustworthy diagnosis and advise is always administered.They are the BEST!
5	This is a great repair shop. It is very difficult to find an honest mechanic, so I was very happy to find 25th Street Automotive. I originally went there for a second opinion when the dealership had recommended some very expensive repairs. It turns out those repairs were unnecessary, and the car has run just fine since then. I now take my car to 25 Street Automotive for all routine maintenance.
5	Just started taking our car to them this past year. Been there a couple of times for different issues and we've gotten service done well, done right, and done professionally each time.They don't try to upsell and they don't try doing things that don't actually need to be done. They've now got our business not only for the big stuff, but for ongoing maintenance as well.
5	I just started taking my car here a few months ago. Someone from their business stopped by my office building with donuts and coupons for a 60,000 mile check up, and that's how they got my business.I brought my car there for a routine oil change, and they did the 60,000 mile check up which was very useful. Of course there was the usual list of things I should fix, but they never made me feel like an idiot or that they were taking advantage of me, which I can't say for most mechanics.The other thing I really like about them is they give me a ride to and from work, so I can get maintenance done on my car without missing work or worrying about how I'm going to get back to the shop.Bill and the other guys that work there are all very friendly and I definitely trust them with my car needs.
5	I first started taking my car(s) to Bill's 25th St Auto when they opened years back and have been impressed with the caring ethical way they approach their customers.  If you need something done they will do it right but more importantly if you DON'T need something done they will tell you too.  There is no quota or amount they have to ' get ' out of your time there; it is just honest caring ethical service. ( and a bunch of super nice guys as well) Thanks Bill...and Bill....for taking care of my service needs and those of my family and friendsDr Stephen DoholisPhoenix AZ.
5	I'm gonna add to the growing list of previous reviewers who have also had great service at 25th Street Automotive by giving it a well deserved 5 stars.My clutch had all but completely gone out and I had to have it towed to the auto shop. The car was also running very hot in an unrelated issue. One of the Bills called me 3 or 4 times throughout the day to keep me in the loop of what they had discovered and what was recommended.The service was all complete in one day and I was able to pick it up the same evening. My car is running great! Every positive comment about this auto shop is very true. They are professional, extremely courteous, reasonable and above all, they are trustworthy. A good auto shop is one of those things that seems to be all so elusive, so I'm thankful for the previous yelpers guiding me here. I hope to not have anymore breakdowns or many maintenance needs but if I do, I will return here. I am a fan and I will recommend them to anyone I hear of having a vehicle issue.
5	I've found the mechanics here to be honest, competent and interested in making customers for life.  What more could you want in your mechanic? They also provide a free shuttle, free coffee and free bottles water on a hot day and once you're on the mailing list they'll send you coupons for your next service.
5	My car died while I was driving to work, and a search for nearby auto repair places turned up this shop. It had good reviews so I decided to give them a shot.I had my car towed to their shop using my GEICO roadside assistance, and the guys at 25th Street Automotive had it up and running again within the same day (I had a busted alternator). Their free shuttle took me back to my home for the afternoon, and then they came and picked me up later on when everything was ready to go.When I came to pick up my car, they took the time to point out the fact that they had noticed that my radiator hoses were almost completely worn out (which I could see to be true), but they didn't insist on fixing it right then or there. They took the time to educate me about the issue and the potential costs, but they left the decision entirely up to me.One other thing I noticed was that as part of the alternator repair, they had completely cleaned up my battery terminals and painted them with an anti-corrosion treatment. This was an unexpected attention to detail which I really appreciated.Summary: Top notch, prompt service from friendly, knowledgeable, and skilled mechanics. At no point did I feel like I was being scammed or upsold things I didn't need, and the price I paid for this level of service seemed fair to me. I'll definitely be coming back!
5	As a woman who knows a bit about cars, I am usually instantly in defense mode when I bring my car to a new mechanic. I was bringing my car in for some standard maintenance and brakes. Bill at the front, however was nice, professional, and gave me a straightforward explanation of what they were going to do. The other Bill called just a few hours later with a complete breakdown of what they saw and what needed to be done. He even talked me out of something that I thought I needed but really didn't! Later that afternoon, their polite driver/mechanic picked me up at my house. The total was exactly as quoted earlier, and Bill #1 gave me some valuable advice about future maintenance. Great mechanics who don't try to rip you off are rare, as most of us know. This shop deserves every star it has gotten. Customer for life.
5	I have a Ford Truck that I love, but I had to take it in to Ford to fix my window under warranty.  That was all that I went there for.  When I went to pick-up my truck they said that the air conditioning compressor was bad and that I needed to replace it and that it would cost a little over $1000.00.  I told them I would hold off.  So I took my car to 25th Street Automotive to have them look at it for me because I trust their company.  For less than a 1/4 of the price, I now have cool air, and oil change, brake light fixed and they said that my compressor was not bad that it is probably just sweating due to the humidity.  They are a Great Company! I would refer them to all my friends.  Honest, knowledgable team that cares about their customers.Thanks,Kristi
5	They are really amazing.   I took my car in to get the tail light repaired and they did it in less than 10 minutes and didn't even charge me!Thank you
5	Hands down this is the place to bring your car for any automotive work!!  I brought in my 2005 Chrysler Pacifica to have it evaluated because there were a couple of problems.  I wanted to see what type of life it had left and was it worth spending the money to fix it or should I invest in a new car.  They were very honest with me and really helped me through my decision.  Needless to say, I decided to invest into my car and it now drives like a brand new car!!  I couldn't be any happier.  I highly recommend this place.  I have already told a ton of people about this place and I will bring any of my car needs to them!!
5	I have been using Bill and 25th Street Automotive from the time they opened.  I wouldn't go anywhere else for car repair.  I find Bill very honest and fair, and he does great work.  He lets you know when certain work is needed, but also realistically gives you an idea of how long you can wait before having the work done which I appreciate from a budgeting perspective.  He never uses the fear factor to get more business from you like some places do when they give you doom and gloom stories of why you'll die if you don't have more work done.  I have never thought he has suggested any repair that wasn't truly needed.  As someone who doesn't know much about cars, I feel fortunate to have found such an honest, reputable business to take care of my car.
5	25th Street Automotive is what Yelp is all about. This is a local business that gives great service at reasonable prices and are completely trustworthy.They will NOT try to overcharge you and they will always tell you what needs to be done now and what can wait so they are very conscious of your budget. I have been through about three mechanics who have told me things like my hoses and belts had never been replaced (on my 12 year old Explorer) or found other "problems" that needed immediate repair. Not these guys they will give it to you straight and will not be dishonest.They complete the work in a timely manner and offer rides from and back to their shop within a certain radius. I found them on Yelp and I am thrilled to advise everyone on here to support this business.
5	I called this business at end of day yesterday explaining my car problem. They said they were a couple days behind but if I came early in the morning the following day they could check out my car. He said they'd either fix it on the spot or give me an assessment of how much it would cost to fix. I showed up the next day and was out in 5 minutes. Not only was I greeted right away but my car was fixed for a very nominal fee. Great service!
3	Trustworthy work and service and better than larger nation-wide repair shops. The prices are better as well, but honestly, not by much.  I wasn't taken advantage of, but our cars are definitely still looking for an auto-repair shop home.
5	I am a small business owner with a fleet of vehicles, to shut down my trucks for service or maintenance cost my company hundreds of dollars. 25th Street Automotive understands this down time and handles fleet  companies with urgency. I recommend them highly. Thank you Cathryn CurcioOwnerDesert Breeze GlassAuto * Home * Businesswww.desertbreezeglass.com480-752-8191
5	Thanks to Yelp, I found this awesome car repair shop.  I have nothing but the absolute BEST things to say about them.  The most professional, honest and effecient that I have ever worked with.  Unfortunately, I just bought a "lemon" and 25th St. Automotive took some of the pain out this process.  They are just amazing....I knew that the transmission was most likely shot.  They spent the minimum amout of time and money to confirm this and were more than accomodating.  I would bring another car back here in a heartbeat. Overall, a it's very dismal circumstance regarding my newly purchased used car, but an absolutely fabulous experience with 25th Street Automotive.
5	25th Street Automotive is top-notch!!! I took my truck in a nearly a month ago to have my compressor replaced. I had quotes from 3 different shops including the dealer and 25th Street Automotive was the most inexpensive. But price was not the only thing that made 25th a great experience. They were honest and thorough from my first call until I left with my truck fixed. They gave me a ride to work, made sure to cover my seats and floor with plastic to keep it clean and were sure to explain all that they saw while working on the truck. The owner thanked me for my business and was polite enough to ask for future business in a genuine and polite manner that made me feel as if he was truly looking to make a life-time customer. To top it all off the total price was slightly less than initially quoted.They are the BEST automotive repair experience I have had in the 10 years I have lived in the valley. I highly recommend them to everyone that needs a good mechanic!
5	I called in and had a brief conversation with this co. after finding the reviews here, I knew exactly what my automotive issues were. I explained and asked roughly how much id expect to pay if i stopped in and believe me i was very serious about stopping by. I asked how much 2 separate services would cost me and i was told that they would defiantly work me up an estimate and follow up with me within that day. I wanted a radiator replaced along with a blower motor for my A/C. I was planning on getting ALL my fluids changed as well all spark plugs , spark plug wires radiator hoses steering fluid i was ready to put a bit of $ into my truck since i have no intention of selling it.ANYHOW after patiently waiting they never followed up , never left a message.So they didn't screw up on labor but i was pretty excited to see what this place was all about so 1 star for not doing what YOU say your gonna DO.Update- I was a bit harsh with a 1 rating. This company obviously cares about their reputation. They not only rebuttled here on they site they followed up with a phone call quote . They seem like genuine trustworthy mechanics. i change it to 5 because they made the extra effort to make this right and im not even a client i can imagine they take care of business. Most don't.-
5	Amazing! I mean how many shops can actually be proud to be a BBB member let alone win the Ethics award! My service choice hands down even thought it's 30 miles from home!
5	This local auto shop is the best!!   Totally realizable and honest.  Tell them if you plan to keep your car forever or if you plan to trade it in soon.  They will make recommendations accordingly.  They have saved me hundreds of $$ by customizing repairs to my needs.  Check out all of the awards they have received: AAA Top Shop and Better Business Bureau.
5	In the service industry, it's difficult to come across truly trustworthy businesses. I get that everyone in the world is in it to make a buck, but I'm so glad that some businesses value honesty above profiteering, especially because they're intelligent enough to realize that when they treat their customers like people, and not dollar signs, the money will come. I've had the pleasure of bringing my two vehicles to Bill on three separate occasions. Each time he told me the TRUTH. The first time he told me there wasn't anything wrong with the car and he didn't try to charge me for an unnecessary diagnostic. The second time he told me he was just too busy and that it would be a few days until he could get to my car. He even let me call him over the phone to make sure my dealership wasn't screwing me over on the repair he wasn't able to get to. The third time he told me someone else who specializes in that service could do the job quicker and cheaper than him. Honesty: that's what keeps me coming back!
5	I was looking for a mechanic and decided to try them because they were rated highly by yelp users. After my service here I will definitely be going back. There amazingly friendly, fast, low priced and super awesome. I felt they were being honest on their assessment and I will definitely be going back for future repairs. Thank you!!
5	Best place to go!! I am a female who doesn't know anything about cars and they always explain so I understand. They really do what is best for their customers and don't try and add on little extra charges here and there like most places. The Bills are very nice people and I am never going anywhere else in Phoenix!
5	We brought boyfriends car here based on a recommendation from a friend. Boyfriend knew immediately to check Yelp and all of the reviews are amazing. They were so communicative it was insane. We have brought his car other places and it would take days to get a response. These guys clearly pride themselves on communication and customer service. We dropped the car off after hours and he had it back the next day after a quick call and explanation. These guys want to give you the best deal possible. They had some coupons they offered which helped us out (even if just a bit).If you think their service is a little more expensive, its worth it!!! Having taken the car other places and not had service like this, we would take both of our cars back here and pay far more than any other place.
5	After receiving a pricey estimate for repairs on my truck, I took to Yelp for helpful Yelper advice.  I came across this shop and Bill and team were terrific.  On the phone, Bill told me my estimated repairs were probably not likely and that I should come in for a cheap inspection to look everything over.  He was right.  The repairs that I needed were minimal compared to what the 'other' shop wanted (not needed) to repair.  Bill and staff got me up and running in no time and for much less than I was expecting to pay.  Thanks!
5	I have been taking my vehicles to Bill Conian and 25th St Auto for about 20 years and have ALWAYS been very pleased with both the service to my car and with the customer service. In this crazy age of almost NO customer service, Bill shines brightly  as a beacon of care and competence. It is such a relief to have a business I can completely trust and one that seems genuinely appreciative to have my business. I recommend 25th St without reservation.
5	I took my 2003 Ford Escape here based on their awards and Yelp reviews. I have been screwed over by several mechanics because I am a young girl and they assume I don't know anything, or can't do research on my own. These guys were amazing! They were very honest and upfront about what was going to have to happen and how much it was going to cost. I am very please with their service and pricing.
5	As a tough critic, I don't hesitate declaring this is the neighborhood automotive shop to go to! The same guys have been working there for years and they are kind, talented, and ethical.  I only wish they were open on the weekends but they too deserve a break from a hard week's work!
5	Bill C. and Bill H. run this place, and they do an excellent job.  Service is quick, and they are very honest.  In 3 years I have never been disappointed in my dealings with them.  Top notch.
5	I have been taking my Jeep Wrangler in for service here for well over a year now. This is THE neighborhood automotive shop. First words to describe them are: Ethical, Respectful, Communicative, Intelligent, and no B.S.These guys will talk to you and explain what's going on in the vehicle if you are interested. I've had quite a few cars and been to a variety of mechanics and dealerships. I can say from experience, I was surprised to not have an "Oh by the way - you need this too" every time I took my Jeep in for service - and I was waiting for it. Granted if they do notice something legitimate they will let you know - and they will also let you know a reasonable timeline on when the items should be fixed.They have pride in their work and their work ethic. In any business, these can be such rare qualities. Bill C. and Bill H. - thank you both for all that you do!
5	If only the Bills were doctors...we'd be healthy!  This automotive shop is simple the best.  We've been trusting all our cars to them for years and years.  They are experts in their field, kind, and very honest.  It's like taking your car to family for repair. You can depend on their word and not have to worry.They just looked for a way to save us money by suggesting a repair based on experience and know how rather than lots of expensive tests. We agreed that would be best for us and asked them to proceed that way... they were right as always and our car is running again. They treat us with respect and are so courteous that they carefully put a paper liner down on our car floor to protect it and keep it clean (they always do this even though some of our cars are getting to be quite old).  We appreciate that nice touch.You can trust your vehicles to 25th Street Automotive- we sure do!  Thank you Bill and Bill!
5	This is officially my new go-to auto shop. I took my recently-purchased, used car here for my first maintenance on it and they were extremely helpful. I'm the type of person who need honest people who will tell me straight what's going on with my car and that's exactly what I got, and for $46! You can't beat that. I love this place!
