5	Super fun gathering! I still managed to get slightly caffeinated though...but that's ok! Totally worth it. Loved the mini donuts...did not want to take one until someone else did because I was shy. But those things are soooo good. I think I ate 3 or 4. The coffee flavored one was yup, my favorite.Loved the sampling of the coffees as well as the sheet with the kinda confusing pie chart. Learned a thing or two about coffees from the coffee professionals. Cozy place this Cafe Odessa....would love to visit it more if I lived in the area.Props to Risa for putting this get together...um together! Fun fun fun.
5	How do you make a non-coffee drinker enjoy a cup of Joe? You bring her to a Yelp event! Cafe Odessa staff weren't shy on helping a non caffeine-ite navigate the realm ofImported beans, and their chai lattes were a a bonus treat.  As my first Yelp event, what can I say? CM was a charm, Elites were all welcoming, I was handed some gin and left with official Yelp swap. I most certainly look forward to my next invitation to socialize with a few more of you wonderful people.
5	Even though I left this event completely wired as I couldn't stop drinking the coffee, I had a complete blast! It was an intimate group of awesome elites getting to learn so much about coffee: from the land that it came from to the process of how it gets into my cup: really interesting stuff.  Was really neat how we were all so passionate about which roast was our favourite and how complex a cup of joe really can be (the Rwandan was my hands down favourite brew.)Cafe Odessa staff were all so warm and welcoming and having the rep from Anchored was a treat, I learned a ton from him. Mini donuts, amazing gin drink and tons of laughs inside a cozy cafe on a Thursday night simply cannot be beat! Thanks Risa for putting together such a fab event with fab people :)
5	This was a truly fantastic elite event!  Small and cosy, Cafe Odessa was the perfect location to gather on a frosty evening with a bunch of Yelpers, to sample some delicious coffee, indulgent donuts, robust cheeses and breads, and finally a very special cocktail.  I really enjoyed the laid back atmosphere and smaller group.  I had a chance to talk with quite a few different people, including a few first timers (Welcome!).The staff on hand were awesome at explaining all about the coffee itself and the processes used to brew it, while keeping it accessible.  Also exciting to meet the man who roasted some of the coffee we were drinking himself, who had traveled from Nova Scotia.  Having walked by Cafe Odessa a few times but never stopped in, next time I will make a point to stop in . . . provided it's earlier in the day.  Yup, add me to the list of people who had a bit of a rough night after so much caffeine consumption.  It was all worth it though, and I'd do it again in an instant, because it isn't everyday I get to sample so many delicious coffees and have ample time to chat about it.
5	Like everybody else, a nice 5 stars for this event.I had tons of fun tasting new varieties of coffee I wouldn't normally test on my regular days. And the tiny donuts, oh my! I just couldn't stop myself.Thank you for this nice night!
4	A hip coffee shop with super cool staff! About a 10 minute walk from Beaubien metro.The shop can seat about 12 people, so it is not your huge Second Cup ... but your experience at Cafe Odessa is more personal and the music makes the ambiance unique.Good coffee, I sampled three types, having the Ethiopian be my #1, the Costa Rica my #2, and the Rwanda my #3.Be sure to visit the cafe on Saturday where you can also purchase & try the ammmmazing doughnuts!!!I'm looking forward to my next visit.
