3	Hemma means 'home'; homely is definitely a word to describe all the other Boda bars (Boda Bar, Victoria, Joseph Pearce and Sofi's). The four other Boda Bars are all in the Leith Walk area. Hemma is in a different area of town, and in a very different building. And I know it's weird that a building should affect a bar's success so much, but it does.Glancing over the other reviews and comments, I have to say I agree. Boda Bars are known for their quirky, homely, comfy, worn-around-the-edges but comfortable, ecclectic and very Swedish influences. Fairy lights, throws, different coloured cushions, photos behind the bar. Even Joseph Pearce with it's tall ceilings feel small and cosy. But Hemma is a new building, with carpets, and glass, and metal and then all the Boda Bar furniture and quirks added on top. I like to think that it is just going to take time for it to feel as homely as the others. But it doesn't. It feels a little odd. Downstairs, in pockets, can feel cosy. But it has that feel of a Cinema foyer, or something similar.The drinks (the Swedish ciders, different beers etc.), the food (delicious Swedish influence, scrambled egg for brunch, and the like) and the staff (super friendly) are all still great. Which is why it pains me a little to give it 3 stars as they really do have all the same elements as the other Boda Bars, but the space just doesn't quite gel with it all.As I said, i hope as it settles and gets a little worn in it will, then, feel worn in. I'll definitely be heading here to make use of their wifi and have a tasty lunch of scrambled eggs. I could actually see it becoming a local of mine. I was delighted to hear a Boda bar was opening closer to me. Hopefully over time, photos will appear, more furniture will appear, and it'll get that same friendly, warm vibe as the other Bodas.
5	So I came back. And I tried the food. And I haven't left. I'm still here, sitting at one of the big tables in the comfy chairs, listening to some awesome tunes, in a mini food-coma after my delicious lunch, making use of their free wifi, and just generally feeling very content and more happy than normal for a Tuesday afternoon.I first came here when Hemma first opened. And all the comments others have made did hold true. It's an odd location, wasn't as 'homely' and lived-in as the other Boda bars and still settling into itself. But give it a few months, and settle it certainly has.The space is still much, much bigger than the other Boda bars. So it's not exactly going to feel 'cosy'. But given the two storeys, the huge windows, and airy space they've made it as homely as anyone could. Big comfy sofas, quirky touches like a step-ladder covered in fairy lights with the daily papers, a foos-ball table up the back, a children's area with coloured in sketches on the wall, old 1960's style photo frames pasted on the windows (the kind that let the light in). That's the thing that is wonderful about Boda bars - they are hand-made, personalised and really reflect the Swedish owners personality. And what wonderful personalites they must have.To the lunch itself. TOO GOOD. I went for the open sandwich (still can't remember how to spell it or pronounce it) with smoked haddock. Oh my what a portion. I was stuffed. And Joe A went for the all-day breakfast option of scrambled egg with mushrooms, tomatoes and also smoked haddock. Both were finished, plates spotless. There's also a great selection of salads, that apparently just as big, and other sandwich and breakfast options, with a daily changing soup and quiche. The food is home-made, excellent quality, rustic and hearty and very Swedish.There's also a delicious sounding cocktail menu like the Hansson & Karlsson (named in honour of the legendary Swedish prog-jazz visionaries) with Absolut Pear, St Germain elderflower liquer and vermouth.) (Yes I just did quote that from the menu). So the promised cocktail menu from my first visit has arrived, but given it's 3pm I won't be trying it just yet.Which only means one thing. I'll need to come back to try them, obviously. And also come back to try more of the breakfast options. And lunch options. And just generally enjoy the vibe, the friendly atmosphere, comfy couches, free wifi and great crowd quite often methinks.It is out of my way, but it's worth the trip. I think my repeat visits will be testament to that. If I've gone AWOL from my usual spots, you'll probably find me here...
4	I like the raspberry cocktail-it was pretty good. The basil one was a bit weird though (tasted like cold soup)...
4	There's not ONLY one selling point to Hemma, but in my mind there's only one you need to know. THEY. SELL. SALAD.And not parmesan and rocket salad. And not pasta that has bacon and mayo in it. Real. Giant. Leafy green. I don't feel fat today. SALAD. And they have goat cheese on them, or some fish, or some weird swedish thing... but they HAVE SALADS!!! This is the HOLY GRAIL of salad in Edinburgh.
4	I struggled over giving Hemma 3 or 4 stars....... so I would prefer to say this place is a 3.5.Not because this place isn't good!? They have a decent selection of beer on tap, cocktails were of a good standard and the food is totally delish!! The Food. Seriously. Huuuuge yummy salads. I had roasted butternut squash, blue cheese, chorizo and pine nut salad. And is was maahoooosive and utterly tasty. BUT Hemma is just so lacking any of the character that is typical of the Boda Bars. It's not cosy or welcoming like Sofi's or Joseph Pearce!? It's quite air-y, contemporary and spacious but not in a way that makes me want to spend the whole night snuggled up in here. They do however have a few seats outside which is a bonus for the few sunny days we get.So I would go here to eat and not hang about. It just missing that certain Je Ne Sais Quoi.
4	i probably would never have known that Hemma existed if it wasn't suggested for our brunch destinantion on Saturday.  i literally never go to this part of town (except that misguided notion that i could 'totally' run up queens drive when i still thought that i could be a hardcore runner) so probably would have never known this place existed.  as per usual, i'd had a quick look over the menu before going but was totally torn about what i wanted when i arrived yesterday.  everything sounded amazing.  they had breakfast rolls or full breakfast, a list of delicious salads, sharing platters, swedish open faced sandwiches, and a menu section devouted to complete meatiness.  the debate between a salad, an open faced sandwich, or a breakfast ensued, but following my brunching companion's suggestion i went for the scrambled eggs on toast and added a portion of sausage.while waiting for our food to arrive, i had a quick look around the place.  it's very cool in that it's a very very modern building but they are trying very hard to make it a cosy place like their other lovely establishments (boda bar, victoria, sofi's, and joseph pearce).  i would say it's modernly cosy.  a big open space completely surrounded by windows but with lots of shabby chic touches and fairy lights.  i quite liked it and would definitely enjoy spending a pleasant afternoon sitting on one of the sofas near the entrance looking out at the majestic surroundings of holyrood park while trying one of their cakes.onto the food!  the plates arrived and the portions were very generous!  lovely creamy scrambled eggs on top of a massive piece of toast, like half the size of the plate massive.  on the side were roasted tomatoes and mushrooms that added a nice 'healthy' accompainment to the dish.  my portion of sausages sat on top of the eggs and toast to make it look like a big open faced breakfast sandwich.  despite the big portion, this breakfast was so tasty that i very happily ate the whole scrummy lot.  a side note, one of my pet peeves is restaurants that serve dry overcooked scrambled eggs!  it just ruins the whole meal, but i can assure you that the eggs at Hemma were nicely seasoned and creamy and not a bit dry.overall i was very impressed with Hemma and am keen to go back to try some of their other menu items.  i saw a portion of the hassleback potatoes being served when i was getting ready to go and they looked absolutely delicious!  think that will be the first thing i order on my next visit, which i hope will be soon!!
4	Delighted this venue has not just reopened but been turned into a comfortable, friendly with scrummy food and drinks. Have only enjoyed a pitstop here, but the salad was massive and really tasty and I could have quite happily stayed seated in their comfy soafas til Sunday brunch rolled around. And that was on a Friday! Already looking forward to coming back.
3	oh hemma, you've saddened me today.  i was so very much looking froward to trying your more lunchish selections but alas i was left with a very luke warm impression wishing i had just gone for the scrambled eggs on toast option again.i was very excited when i saw the yelp brunch here and immeditately added myself to the attendees.  last time i'd tried hemma with Jenny L. i was very impressed with the brunch items and couldn't wait to get a chance to go back and try one of their enormous salads or tasty sounding open faced sandwiches.  my visit started out very well with the lovely waitress placing my glass of water in front of me calling me sunshine while i waited for the rest of the yelpy group to arrive.  the menu selections all sounded delicious and after thorough debate i opted for the smoked trout and dill potato salad (with egg, capers, and green beans).  it sounded delicious and i was super excited to try it!!after a long wait (well it seemed like one, i was starving!!!) the plates of food started to arrive and my salad looked just as good as i expected it to.  waiting patiently for all the other yelpers to get their dishes i took pictures of my salad and had some particular food envy over Owen C.'s enormous french toast!!  when almost all the food arrived, one scrambled eggs on toast with smoked trout was forgotten (poor Shona F, but her item was taken off the bill so free brunch!) we decided it was time to dig in.here alas came the disappointment.... the smoked trout was very tasty, but the potato salad was pretty standard and a bit bland, the egg on the salad was literally one egg atop a massive pile of lettuce and capers, and the lettuce clearly had not been drained or dried well as i found the salad to be rather watery with no real dressing on it.  so disappointed...the hassleback potatoes i shared were quite good though, but then the latte after the meal was luke warm at best, more like cold and they had added almond syrup into it (i think my order got mixed up with someone else's) and since i didn't know that i added sugar and couldn't even drink it because it was so sweet.  also the lack of warmth in the coffee made it just so awful especially after the amazing coffees i had at Artisan Roast at the espresso masterclass event.so Hemma, you've lost a star from me and i don't think i will be coming back soon.  i already found your location at the bottom of holyrood road a bit irritating to get to, but then your food was so disappointing that i just can't be bothered to make the trip.  so saddened by this as there were so many other options on the menu i wanted to try but now fear they will all be as tasteless and watery as my salad was today.
4	Odd. I had exactly the same meal as Robyn, while sitting next to her, and I loved mine and have been telling everyone they must go there! I loved my salad. I think with the strong, oily smoked fish and the potatoes in creme fraiche, it would have been too much to have dressing on the leaves as well. And the egg... well, it was just what I expected, two lovely soft-boiled half pieces of egg! And green breans and ... man, I could eat it all again right now. Hemma is bright and sunny and much more of a 'day' place that the other Swedish bars, I think -- it'd be interesting to see what it's like at night. They do a good bloody mary, too!
4	I love a good Saturday or Sunday brunch so I was excited to check this spot out when Jenny L. organised a Yelp brunch event.  I checked out the menu online and it looked pretty good.  I was starving by the time I met everyone and quickly enjoy my americano.  I like how they put cucumbers in the water opposed to lemons or limes.  I think it's much more refreshing this way.  We were a pretty big group -12 or 13 people so I knew our order was going to take a while.  I opted for the 'Hemma Brunch' and added smoked trout.  As everyone received their meals I sat anxiously waiting. In my mind I kept hoping that they didn't forget my order but unfortunately they did! However, it was not the end of the world.  The server said it would be a few more minutes and said he would take my meal off the bill.  It was a sunny day and I was with great company so there could have been worse things! The server was correct, a few minutes later I was chowing down on my meal like everyone else. My brunch consisted of a huge (half the size of a plate) slice of olive bread with creamy + buttery scrambled eggs, smoked trout, button mushrooms and cherry tomatoes. It was really big. I had doubts that I wouldn't be able to finish it but I persevered. (Note: When I doubt that I am going to finish something it must be huge - I can eat a lot!) It was great. I'm also not a huge tomato fan but I can say they were very sweet. The salads that various other people ordered at the table were ginormous and looked really healthy. I'd definitely want to try them out next time. I think the location is great for a late lunch after climbing Arthur's Seat or I'd recommend this play to tourists after checking out Parliament or Holyrood Palace.I'll be back to try other things on the menu (the ribs!!!)
4	Get the scrambled eggs on thick, chunky toast with smoked trout. Eat it all. Then sit back and enjoy your food baby. Don't eat for the rest of the day. Be happy.After a Yelp Brunchy Munchy here with 15 Yelpers, there were mixed reviews on the food. A few folk werent happy with their salads. I had the blue cheese, chorizo and roasted butternut squash salad and it was really, really good. And as Steph D says in her review, you get PROPER salads here. Huge bowls. They're MASSIVE. Even the salad left me full all day.But what I know that I consistently LOVE when I come here, and that everyone else has loved too, is the scrambled egg with smoked trout. I was here for lunch recently, and even though I don't stop by here very often, it's become one of those places that has a 'favourite dish' and I end up looking forward to that favourite dish for a good few days before I have it. And it's always as good as I imagined.Creamy scrambled eggs. Smoked trout. I mean, where else do you find smoked trout for breakfast / lunch?! It's not that common here in the Burgh. And the portion is HUGE. Add to the side some mushrooms and tomatoes and it's yummmm.It's a little out the way, and the coffee isn't great. Also the last time I went the staff were a bit uninterested and didn't smile at me once, even though I smiled several times. They weren't rude - just they literally did not lift the corners of their mouth and looked bored. This made me sad.Either way, I'll be coming back here and when I do it'll be for the scrambled egg and trout.  I guarantee you wont be disappointed if you do the same.
4	Out of the way - but well worth the visit. Good selection of beers and 2 floors of great atmosphere.I love the food and the salads are indeed the best you can get - Well done to Steph (the Food / Kitchen Manager) I love coming here by myself and with Friends. There is always someone I meet that I know. The bar staff is very friendly and helpful. The place is big, HUGE even in comparison with Boda, Sofi's, Victoria & JP's (in order of size) - this is a bar that can host many local, area and yes, (inter-) national events and they do.Knitting, baking, jogging, tastings and disco's (or should I say clubbing) Swedish Mafia stylee :o) I like it and only wished it was closer to town..
3	I'm Swedish and was excited to 'go home' and enjoy my culture but I didn't really feel 'hemma' at all, except from the good company. The menu wasn't very Swedish at all and rather dull from what I expected, though I suppose they don't aim to give a taste of Sweden at Hemma. I had the Scottish breakfast that was ok but nothing to jump around for. The interior is very airy and open with large windows facing the streets, but I think they should make the place more cosier and intimate to make hemma come true.
4	It was like visiting an old friend. All hello's and waves. We were promptly served and our food orders taken as we sat down to chat. Yes even though busy and buzzing you can still chat. Our huge burgers arrived soon after ordering and my friend had to admit defeat on trying to eat it with his hands. Unbeknown to me (and him) his gob wasn't that big! Hand made and pinkish in the middle, oh and BIG. Served with nice things fries and a lovely salad (someone mentioned salad before?-Jenny?) good grub and great way of spending time with friends!
2	Really loud music...Sam Adams is a big plus...Staff was unfriendly.
4	it's been many months since the rather disappointing salad i had at Hemma during a yelp brunch.  last night saw me wandering back through the doors though for the inaugural meeting of the yelp knitting group.  i admit i didn't have high expectations for hemma last night, but i was so impressed my immediate thought was to go home and update my review.  however, my new found skill for knitting had me completing two more rows on my scarf so the review had to wait til this morning.hemma, you so got it right last night!  to start with your wait staff could not have been nicer or friendlier!!  i mean this was towards the end of the day for them, but they were sunny, bright, friendly, and helpful.  even though we mostly ordered tea and took up an entire corner with our knitting lesson.  they attentively served us but then left us to get on with the knitting only coming over to clear plates and cups aways as necessary.and your food!  i got a smaller version of your greek mezze plater (which was kind of the kitchen to alter this for one person) and it was awesome!  it was also still huge with lots of tasty food, a wee bit too much for me to finish.  there was grilled courgettes and aubergines and a red pepper stuffed with tasty rice, and tzaziki sauce, and big slices of fresh bread, and olives over salad, and grilled haluomi cheese!  it was awesome and so good and i tried hard to eat all the delicious, but sadly there was just too much.and lastly the vibe.  chilled out music, lots of people chatting over drinks, and just such a cosy feel.  we were there for three hours but time just flew by with such a lovely atmosphere that really helped make our knitting circle cosy and happy.so i'm definitely a hemma fan again!  i may still avoid their salads, but everything else is definitely worthy of another star:)
5	I've been visiting Hemma since it's early days. From a mid-morning brunch of the scrambled egg on trout (see my previous reviews) to an evening drink. In the early days, it didn't quite feel as 'homely' as the Swedish word 'Hemma' would imply.But give it time, and it's settled into itself beautifully. A few previous reviews and criticisms were that the physical building isn't homely at all. It's a huge structure of glass, metal and white-painted metal pillars. But what have Hemma done? They've covered the pillars in different types of material and wallpaper - beautiful blue wallpaper with pink flowers, red materials. They've put in couches, and drapes, and coloured lamps. There's fairy lights. Slowly but surely the heart and soul of Hemma, a colourful, homely, chilled vibe, has seeped through the solid, soulless structure of a building, and injected it with beautiful life.Most recently I was here on a Wednesday evening with the Yelp Stitch n Bitch group. I couldnt think of a more perfect setting. With a wee selection of couches, sitting amidst some plants and lamps and fairy lights, we were taught how to knit. It felt like someone's beautiful living room, with some awesome tunes (in the time we were there, there was Balkan Punk, a jazz version of Rocky, and some sexy mood music). The food that people ordered was amazing - the trout salad, the Greek Mezze board. And even the brownie, whilst not quite tasting like a brownie, was nice.The staff were really friendly and welcoming. A little slow at times, and at times also forgetful, they were so nice and the atmosphere so laid back, it was easily forgiven.I hope we keep coming back here for our Knitting Group. It really was the perfect place mid-week. I also hope I can come here on a Sunday evening for some cocktails and food, just to chill out. It is out of the way, and it's not somewhere you'd walk by, and post-work Friday night I imagine it'll be full of work-folks due to the nearby work buildings - but over the last 6 months Hemma has gone from a cool new bar to feeling like home.
4	I have visited this bar twice now over the past 2 weeks and completely love it. Although it is slightly out of the way a bit for me, it is completely worth it. The bar is a great size, so perfect for large group meetups and has a function room upstairs to. Although it is big and from the outside quite industrial, it is lovely and cozy inside due to its mismatched wooden furniture, snuggly sofas and fairy lights everywhere. They have a great selection of cocktails too, although it would take a few visits to work your way through them all! Although I didn't have any food either time, it all looked and smelled delicious with a great selection, so I will be back to try soon. Staff were really friendly too and very helpful.A great find.
3	I was very happy to finally get a chance to visit Hemma for a henny lunch recently.  As other reviewers have said - it's a bit airy space and, despite the horrific weather that day, felt quite cozy.  Staff were lovely - chatty and attentive- the coffees we had were good and cocktails were *incredibly* good.  The food is what let it down for me.  I had a chicken and bacon club which had huge chunks of chicken that was so over cooked it was hard to bite through, and bacon that was so fatty I needed to deconstruct the sandwich to pull out most of the fat/bacon.  The herby fries were brilliant, though.  Some of my friends ordered salads which were huge, but from what I saw looked mostly like *lots* of lettuce and not a lot else.  The flip side is that the food is really reasonably priced.I also liked how family friendly it is here - I believe they had a microwave in the corner for mums to be able to heat up food for their kids.  I think that's great because kids can be picky and I'm sure it's much easier to just be able to bring your own food than hope the restaurant can prepare something they'll like.  So I would definitely come back and drink more mojitos and eat more herby fries, but would view the rest of the menu with caution.
4	I really like this bar. I love the food, the ambiance is great, and they've been wonderful hosts to two Yelp Knitting Groups.The last time I was in I had the meatball sub, but instead of a sub I asked for fries. Not a problem. And then what showed up was the biggest plate of food I've ever seen. 6, or was it 7 meatballs, huge serving of fries, and an abundant salad.I've read a few reviews recently where folk haven't been as impressed with their food and I'm not sure why? Maybe they got it on dud days? This makes me sad if so.The only thing that has happened recently is a few occasions of fairly lax service. I like laid back, and totally know what it's like to be running around mad, missed your break, or working beyond your shift. But at one point I was standing at the bar whilst the (I believe) manager was playing foosball with a mate, the girl was putting candles on the tables,a nd one guy was pouring a wine order but didn't ask to take mine or get someone else to whilst I was standing right in front of him. I get the feeling they were stressed, and were friendly enough when I then asked, outright, "Could I order some food and drinks please?" But later that night a few other members of staff were quite short with us. Overall not quite as friendly as I remember it last time.But for food and drinks in a comfy environment, it's great.
4	Hemma is the home of the Yelp knitting club, Stitch n Bitch, and what a fitting home it is. The cosy, comfy seats and sofas are perfect to sit back, drink tea or wine and knit the night away.I haven't eaten here yet but the food I've seen looks amazing. Oh I tell a lie, I did eat some cashew nuts there last night and they were pretty tasty.The staff that I have spoken to have been lovely, really friendly, chilled out and helpful.The icing on the Hemma cake is the chilled out atmosphere. It is a lovely environment to relax in. I particularly like the decorative step ladder wrapped in fairy lights!
4	I have never been this far down this street before although have been to this end of town via the Canongate. Wow, I felt like I had been missing out when I first walked into Hemma. I immediately became attached to the place: helped by the relaxed vibe, cool music and cosiness. I kept looking around expecting to see an area with rugs, cushions and shisha but it's not that sort of place. After a waitress got over her initial surprised reaction when I said I wanted to order food (I have no idea what happened there), another quickly appeared to take my order and I don't even think I had to wait 10 minutes for my butternut squash and blue cheese salad to be placed in front of me. It was massive and really good! I was actually quite surprised to see such healthy options on the menu after expecting typical grub of burgers, chips and the likes. My sweet tooth couldn't resist the home baking on offer so I had banana cake with a chocolate icing topping - really moist and flavoursome, yum! When it came to paying, I think I had been served by 3 different people throughout the night and was impressed that my bill was ready when I went to the bar and didn't have to figure out who had what - given the service at the start of the evening. It was good of the staff to keep our table cleared throughout the night - they didn't seem bothered by the balls of wool everywhere and I barely noticed them when they were there as I was too absorbed in my knitting (not being rude). I really got into the music that was playing so asked the bar dude what was playing and he kindly wrote it down for me.I'm looking forward to my next Yelp Stitch and Bitch night here. I like Hemma so much I want to knit it a hat!
4	Before we started coming here for our knitting group I actually had no idea this place existed. Last time I had a meeting in the Ton building this place was an empty venue. I'm so glad to see the space used again in such a unique way. Hemma, like it's sister bars Sofi's, Boda and Joseph Pearce, has a bit of Swedish glam to the place. Cool european beats and a chilled out atmosphere make the place relaxing even when the music is actually kind of loud. For what is a heavily industrial space Hemma manage to make the room feel cosy and inviting. I think this may be the comfy chairs and abundance of fairy lights. You can never have too many fairy lights in my opinion.I've never eaten proper food here, just tea and cake so far, but the menu looks appealing. I just wish the meze style platters were smaller. FYI I don't want to share my food...it's mine. The cakes are homemade and change daily but the chocolate banana cake has been my favourite so far. These guys are good enough to let 12 Yelpers invade their bar with knitting needles and yarn once a month so I'm inclined to overlook some of the niggles. The inconsistent service mainly. The staff on the whole are lovely but sometimes you get the feeling they have more important things to be doing than taking your order. Everyone has off days though so I'm willing to overlook it. We're going to be going to Hemma a lot of the next year so I'll update my review later if they can bump up that to that extra star.
5	Went in recently with some friends and my little boy as I have been bursting to try this place as I was always a regular at Victoria and Boda but hadnt managed to make the very short trek to Hemma!First of all I have to say the service was impeccable a warm welcome and prompt drinks service.  I love the decor its cool but relaxed and theres plenty of room which was a shock because if youve been to Victoria, Sofis or Boda they are quite small and a little cramped but dont let that put you off they are still fab!A brilliant menu my husband had the burger which was immense! I had the most amazing sweet potato, asparagus, feta and cant remember what else salad but it was lush and huge the bar guy that served us actually recommended putting chorizo into it which was dare i say it again IMMENSE! i think it was the best salad I have ever eaten amazing! Drinks were prompt, food was prompt, service was more than helpful - the people I were with were a little fussy but everything was perfect when it came to the table.  Loads of room and a great place to take children and they even have table football! Im sold !
4	I love Hemma because it is light, sunny and quirky inside. It also has great outdoor seating that is tucked back from the road.I first came here for drinks after hiking up Arthur's Seat with a few friends during the day on New Year's Eve. I loved the quirky, vintage-style furniture and the great selection of drinks at this cool Swedish-style bar. They have Blue Moon on tap which made me happy, and also are the only place in Edinburgh that I know of that has Boston-based Sam Adams on tap so it reminds me of home! I also loved that Hemma is surrounded with modern windows and the natural lighting flows in. Others had food and it looked delicious. I have since been back a few other times. Once, on a Saturday night, I wasn't so thrilled with Hemma because it was really loud. On another weekday night it was much better, though, and really relaxed. I like coming to Hemma best during the day, though, particularly when it is warm and sunny so I can sit outside right by Holyrood Park!
4	This is a cute little swedish bar is tucked just around the corner from Arthur's seat. It's perfect for a lunch stop before or after your climb to one of Edinburgh's most iconic landmarks.They host a range of clubs from books to knitting so it's a perfect little place to chill for an hour or two. I visited on a Saturday afternoon for lunch and ordered a veggie platter. The food was really tasty! So was the beer...! Stuffed peppers, bread, oils and humous, just what one needs before tackling the rest of the day sight seeing.I can see myself returning again and again to Hemma as it's one of those places where you feel at home the minute you set foot inside.
4	Thas has become my post work hangout since starting work down this way.From the people that brought you Sophies, Boda etc this is a very chilled placed spaced out over 2 levels. great international beers on tap as well by the bottle its a great place to relax inside or outside.
4	Nice food, nice staff, nice ambience.I come here because of a monthly meet up and it's a good place to be.  Because of the time, it's handy to order dinner whilst doing some stitches and having a banter with the rest of the group.I had a burger with add ons of bacon and blue cheese.  It was good and the bun was good too.  It also came with slaw which was good but difficult to get and stay on the plate and skinny fries.  i asked for mayo on the side and no problem, as it was there in secs.This is my second trip to Hemma and both times staff have been friendly and food good.  There is no bother settling up you're part of the bill separately either.
4	I think I'm gonna like it here.I'd been to Hemma before for drinks, and hadn't thought much of it. It's the early afternoon cosiness or "gezelligheid" as us Dutchies would call it, where it really shines. All you'd need is a fireplace and you're good to go.The atmosphere is lovely, being equally happy here with a good book or a group of friends, and you don't feel rushed. The food was the real surprise for me. I didn't think it'd be as good as it was, and it really was damn delicious. I had a salad in which the green beans were so crunchy they damned near jumped off the plate, and my girl-dates were happily munching away on their piri piri chicken and croque monsieur, both of which looked gorgeous.I was surprised, I don't know why, I think because I've come to accept below-standard fare, but I really, really, enjoyed the food here. From now on, this is going to be a steady hang out for sure!
4	Really like the vibe of this place. I know it's big & airy (& at this time of year -draughty) but it's quirky and well, cool.The staff are chatty and helpful, there's a great selection of beers, ciders & spirits & the food is good too. On my last visit I tried the pea & spinach soup as it was recommended by Blythe. I'm glad I did. It was a delish way to pack in some of my five-a-day & the fresh dill through it gave it an interesting Scandi twist. The portions are very generous & there was a side of lovely fresh bread & butter. The upstairs has a cosier feel than the downstairs. There's even baskets of kids toys to keep the little (& large) kids entertained.
4	New Years Ever 2013. We reserved a space on the top floor. This so we could play games and generally ring in the new year a little more.. eh quieter. We did expect it to be busier (we arrived at 9pm) which later indeed was the case. As the upstairs bar was closed we were kindly served with a wonderful (wigged) member of staff. She had made it her goal to ensure we were supplied with everything that we wanted. She dutifully supplied us with G&Ts, beers, water, prosecco, snacks and double jacks and coke. She was amazing! The music was in the background and not overwhelming. We had a pleasant and comfortable stay at Hemma! The bells rang out for NYE to end - we went outside and view the higher parts of the fireworks. Then swiftly back in again for more drinks and snacks. It was a gentle affair even so we didn't leave until well after 2 am! I was very impressed with the service, the selection of drinks available and the comfort of (most) the chairs and sofas.
4	Originally part of the massive development near Holyrood anticipating the opening of the Scottish Parliament, the original occupants of this space struggled to get enough custom and eventually closed down. A great big glass edifice far from the main drag doesn't seem a likely spot for the latest offering from the Boda family of very Leith-based pubs, but Hemma (Swedish for 'home') really works it. And being a large modern space it manages to escape the biggest flaw its siblings suffer, being too small; this place is huge.If you've been to any of the others - Boda, Sofi's Bar, Victoria and Joseph Pearce's - then you know what to expect. A hint of kitch, never enough to be intrusive, with almost too-cool staff serving better than average selection of tipples. Hemma also has a wide range of food on offer, a similar menu to that in Joseph Pearce's, with a Swedish twist on normal bar food. The setting is cozy, a bland development with just enough personalisation to make it friendly. Being all glass there are often interesting views, whether it's the back of Arthurs Seat, Parliament staff heading for lunch or drunken Friday night visitors to the Pizza Express next door. The bar is on two levels; the upstairs, bookable for events or private parties, has provided me with many evenings of great entertainment.The only problem for me that prevents it from becoming a regular haunt is that, despite being very close to many things, its location makes it feel out of the way and so I never think of going there spontaneously. When I do I'm always glad I did.
4	Came here for the first time for Scran Salon as its not really local for me. Although Hemma means home in Swedish, it didn't give me that vibe, despite the floral chairs on the upstair mezzanine area. It is all glass and open, hence not feeling cozy and although we were here for a private event, the noise downstairs travels up so it made hearing people speak a bit awkward. So why 4 stars? I had sampled the food and it was great. This was provided as part of the event and was very scandi - salmon, trout, potato salad, veggies with dill, breads and more and it was lovely. Being gluten free, some options were off limits but the trout, meats and cheese were lovely. I only picked at a couple of things as I had eaten before I arrived but what I had was very good. So Hemma isn't very local for me but I will be visiting again and if I have the munchies, I would be happy to eat here.
2	Had to wait for ages for just a tea and cake. Tea arrived, but the cake came a long time after. It apparently were in the oven, which made it hot and nice. I however think they should have told me I would have to wait half an hour for the cake. The rhubarb crumble didn't taste so good. The rhubarb didn't shine and the crumble was gooey.
4	Last Sunday I visited Hemma with a friend. We wanted to play a few board games and Hemma had big enough tables to accommodate us. While waiting for him, I sat outside and I enjoyed the sun, a coffee and the free Wifi. Bliss. I always find Hemma buzzing and especially when the weather is sunny it creates a very pleasant atmosphere in and around the bar. Being surrounded by all glass Windows you may think this will get very warm inside, but it was nice and cool. We set up our games and ordered some lunch. I have to say that I am massively impressed with the food on offer (brunch, lunch & dinner) and the size you get for the price you pay. The Croque Monsiour with egg was big enough for two, though my friend did manage to eat it all by himself :o)I like the skinny crispy fries they serve, those are my favourite (In Scotland you usually get the chunky chips) and are difficult to get outside of a certain burger chain.They have a very friendly and efficient table and counter service, which encourages people to order a little more 'since you asked so nice'. I enjoy coming here as you have happy people from all around Edinburgh and they allow dogs too!
5	So we came here with some friends who were visiting. We were all really happy with our dishes. The soups were divine as was the bread. One of us got the salmon sandwich, which was humongous and gorgeous. Really tasty flavours. Overall for the price you get superb quality food and very good large portions. Our friends were very surprised when the bill arrived as they had expected it would be at least double! So the prices are very good for what you get and the location is quite perfect if you are visiting the parliament or dynamic earth or the general vicinity.
5	spacious and with a distinctive and delicious Swedish menu. Joker I.P.A., Williams Draft and Sam Adams on the tap.
