5	Enjoyed lunch at the new Toby Keith's I Love This Bar & Grill this weekend! Smashing! Fun environment, great food...can't wait to go back to enjoy some evening entertainment!  Ask for Karissa when you go for great service and a winning smile!
1	You can tell they are newly open. I tried to contact a manager about a special event and twice I was told they were in a meeting. They took a message and no one returned my call. Showed up for dinner tonight 60 min prior to my party of 12 so we could get a table big enough. After 30 min I was told the table was ready. The hostess took us to a table for 6, not 12. Had to wait another 20 min to be sat in a booth for 8. They added 3 chairs and we had to cram the 12th in. Food took awhile and wasn't as good as the last time I had it in Mesa. Maybe there's just a learning curve. For a great Toby Keith's experience, make the drive to Mesa.
1	Huge disappointment!!!  Although there were over 25 waitresses, the service was subpar. They all congregated together in groups and gossiped. They all walked around like they were better than everyone else. Pork chops were overcooked and the mashed potatoes were dry. The management overstaffed the restaurant in hopes that the eye candy will bring customers.
2	Wait...wait...wait...and more wait. The place has tons of servers, but the service is soooo slow! Our server must have said, "Sorry about the wait." At least 15 times. Took about 10 minutes just for our drinks. Then it took another 5 minutes for her to take our order.  I ordred the Hottie Burger and my son ordered the Mac and Cheese. Mondays are kids eat free nights. That worked out well. After 10-15 minutes of more waiting the server finally felt sorry for us and brought out cornbread to make up for the long wait. Finally about 20 minutes later our food was out. My son digs into his Mac and Cheese and says, "Eww this is gross." Which really surprised me, I tried it, yup pretty gross. I asked him if he wanted something else to which he replied he didn't want to wait again.My burger that I ordered medium had a yellow flag on it stating it was cooked medium well. Awesome. The burger was fine even if it was medium well. You could really taste the Hatch green chile. Other than that, the only reason I'd return is to have some drinks with friends. Some of the servers are really cute.Until they work out the long wait times and mediocre food, I won't come back.  The entire experience was literally about an hour and a half. Somewhere Toby Keith is laughing at us all while counting his riches.
1	We went here for an early dinner around 4pm on a week night so it was slow. The hostess seemed irritated that we interrupted her conversation with her coworkers to seat us. Once she showed us to our table she threw the menus on the table (literally) and walked away. As we sat there the overly loud band was doing a sound check and we couldn't hear each other talk. There was no separation between the bar and "restaurant".  We were never greeted by a server or asked if we would like a drink. We walked out pretty quickly and I am fairly confident in saying that we will never return to this place.
4	Went for early dinner on a Monday, as my kids were hungry and kids eat free on Mondays. The hostesses seemed to be hanging out and after reading reviews I was sure I was in for horrible service. Got seated very quickly though and our waitress was over in less than 2 min to get our drink order. The whole meal service was great, she wasn't bothering us every 10 seconds but made sure to check everything was ok or if we wanted refills. A man came over in plain clothes and asked if everything was ok, we said yes. A few minutes later he snuck up behind me and grabbed my empty cup and asked if my waitress was getting me another beer, I informed him I didn't want one. I assume he was a manager but he should have said something or a name tag would have been nice. Overall good food, and good service.  Oh, and happy hour is long there 11am -7pm Monday- Friday.
1	So I'd heard a lot of advertising for this place (Toby Keith's in Peoria), so a group of friends went to check it out...Well apperently the the bouncers/security staff run this ridiculous joke of a bar...and the management just allows them run free to just shit all over their customers for no apparent reason, other than one of my friends danced with one of the bouncers girlfriends... Well good luck w that, guess we'll spend our money elsewhere!!!!  Asshole bouncers, lack of professionalism and poor management! Toby Kieth's, now we all just HATE this Bar & Grill!!!
1	Very long wait for the service and food at the location on Northern.  Our server was very nice, but nice doesn't cut it when you are hungry with hungry kids.  As for the food...it was mediocre.  On our kids meal we were surprised when we opened the large bun to find a small burger.  My southwest salad was good, but probably better if delivered with dressing.  :0).   My husband and daughter both liked their burger.  Do not order a Long Island iced tea.  It was like drinking lemonade.  Way too overpriced for the lack of service.
1	Super slow! Took two hours for dinner and we arrived at 4:30. Took 30 minutes to bring me water and only after I asked her twice. Messed up my drink order 3 times and never got it right. Sticky floors. Several of the servers acted snotty with our requests. The hostess was rude when we asked to sit at a booth and she told us the booth was for parties bigger than ours (we had six). When we left, a party of four was in the booth! Took nearly 30 minutes to run our check! What happened to service with a smile? Go to Sandbar next door for better service, better drinks and a better atmosphere.
1	Absolutely terrible. Service was terrible, food selection and prices were terrible.   You can read the rest of the review, but point being soooo not worth the dust off your boots to enter. Waitresses had no idea what they were doing, when asking for something they acted as if they were doing you a favor. Told me one price for a beer charged me another. Then they had the audacity to  question my military service when I showed them my ID. Also I know this is "Toby's" bar but jeez there are literally hundreds of pictures if him everywhere.
2	The environment is fun! The food is okay. The drinks are overpriced and don't taste the best. The waitress knew a ton about the menu from others taste pallets but never tried anything it seemed like. Which was about all she seemed to know. Our order was wrong several times when it arrived. Perhaps going back will be better once they are more established.
2	Good: The food was great! But that's about the only thing. Bad: We went out for lunch for my grandpa's birthday. I signed him up for the VIP club so he could get a free steak dinner. They told me I was supposed to print out the email to show them but the email just said to bring it in so I thought it would be acceptable to just bring the email in on my phone. They still took it but gave me a hard time about it.  The food was over priced. I ordered chicken strips and it was $13 for 4 strips and some fries. They were good but not $13 good. The service sucked but all the girls were new because they had only been open a few days so I just brushed that off. You can tell they definitely hire based more off looks that experience. The wait for the food was extremely long, at least 45 minutes. For the amount of waitresses they have running around, you would think it wouldn't take so long for us to be waited on but that wasn't the case. The waitress took FOREVER to get the check out to us and we had to tell a manager that we were looking for her but she was no where to be found. About 10 minutes later, she finally brought it to us. They need to step up their game.
3	I was there on opening weekend and it was a little packed but overall a good experience. Military personnell get in for free and the layout of the area is better than the one in Mesa; however just a lot smaller.
3	The place is nice and clean, great stage for music, sound system is good.  Will be a great place for sports/UFC fights, etc.  TONS of staff here, and they all seemed to be standing around talking.  Not sure where they found all of the cute waitresses, there was probably 20 of them at a fairly slow part of the day.(330pm)I am not exaggerating that number, maybe more than 20..  Anyway, food seems kind of pricey, but this is a sports/music venue that we need on the west side.  Food came out fast and well prepared, tell the chefs to pay attention to the basics, eg.  Salt and Pepper go a long way to improving the flavor of most things.  Countless flat screen TV's make sure you have a good view of the game anywhere you sit.  The Fried Mac and Cheese triangles were good, they have a great ranch here, potato skins had very little flavor, salt and pepper solved that problem.  The bad: we ate at the bar and the male bartender was completely disconnected, had to ask for everything like refills and serving set(salt pepper, ketchup, etc and it was on a tray ready to go right under the bar in front of us). He was way more interested in talking to all the other cute waitresses and bartenders, can you blame him?  Yes I can, he needs to do his job still.  Like I said, the place is very well staffed and he was not busy at all.  This place has lots of potential, it just needs more management presence.
2	Ok me about 8 friends all met up there on a sat, night we all arrived before the cover charge  before 10pm.  The service was not that good. It took at least 10 mins to get a drink.  And the draft beer was $7.00 for large and $4.00 for the small red solo cup. We did not see any. Specials  on sat, night. (Bummer)    Another letdown was the seating fiasco.  We had a few tables since we had 8 in our party and the staff at 10pm decides to remove all the tables and chairs on the south side of this bar so they could roll up the glass doors to the stinky smoking patio  and then it became much more hotter in here.  So now its standing only unless we could find a few tables on the other side of this place. This place is so packed  and there is no empty tables anywhere.  This sucks.  The other negative is this place is so loud you have to scream  so  we can talk to each other.  This place is  packed. Its not fun.  The dance floor is so small and packed as well.  So forget about dancing   And yes there is way too many security guys  and most of them are just chattin with other staff/females. This place needs to change a few things before i go honky tonkin  there again. I would rather go to saddle ranch down the street at westgate  next time.  I would go back to this place for lunch though.  The food is good.
5	Best wings in the West Valley.
1	Well, my first impression on this place was TOTALLY off. We drove up and could smell the bbq. We were seated and our waitress came over to take the drink order.  We also gave her an appetizer order (We ordered the TK Platter, a little bit of everything).The drinks arrived -- mine was blehhh weak and my husband's, which was only supposed to have had just a bit of creme de menthe, tasted ONLY of creme de menthe.Five minutes later, she came back to take our food order.  We ordered a full rack of babybacks to share, with sides of mac n'chz and baked beans. The appetizer came out within 5 min. after we ordered our food.  We still had no plates or silverware, and all the sauces for the appetizers were missing.  We asked for sauces, napkins, plates and silverware and the waitress kept coming back, forgetting one or two things. We finally got all the items we had requested and our MEAL arrived!!!  We hadn't even had time to eat the appetizer!  The appetizer was okay, not great.  The wings were large, but they were dry, with hardly any sauce on them.  The nachos just had cheese -- no pulled pork, chicken or beef, just plain cheese (I could have gotten that at Taco Bell!).  The fried pickles were so overfried that they had "opened."  The mozzarella sticks were tasteless, even with the marinara -- however, the jalapeno poppers were fabulous!The mac n'chz was totally mediocre, but the beans were delicious.  Although the ribs were tender on the inside, they were completely overcooked on the outside, and the top and bottom were stringy and impossible to eat.  To top it off, the BBQ sauce that was served with the ribs was COLD!  Really?!We were mostly ignored throughout the experience.  The waitress was thoroughly stressed out, cute as she was, but cute doesn't get tips from me. The appetizer platter (which was large) stayed on our table (a 2-top, no less!) throughout the meal, even though trash and bones had piled up on it.  Servers and bussers worked around us and never once stopped to see if they could take some of the plates off our table. I was amazed at the tunnel vision of these employees.Our server finally took our plates, but did not offer to bring the check.  We waited another 15 minutes until finally my husband ASKED for the check.  In that 15 minutes, she passed our table at least 10 times.Oh, and while we were eating, one of the waitresses kept coming to the table beside ours to talk to the man who was seated there, and to hold the baby that was at the table.  After seeing her every few minutes or so, I realized it was HER bf/hubby and the baby was HERS!  She spent so much time at this table and I kept thinking to myself -- if she were serving me, I would be thoroughly p.o.'d that she wasn't taking care of her customers!  I guess I'm a little old fashioned.That amazing smell when we drove up?  Must have been "piped out."  To say I was unimpressed is putting it mildly,  We won't return.  End of rant.
1	I LOATHE this Bar and Grill! This place has provided the worst restaurant experience I have had in all of 2013!I went with a group of eight people for dinner on a Thursday night. Our waitress didn't seem to understand the difference between import and domestic beers. She made her way around the table taking drink orders, starting with me, then when she got back around she tried to take my drink order again! I calmly told her that I already gave it to her and she just shrugged it off. So after the drinks arrive she asks if we want to order appetizers. She starts taking appetizer orders, again starting with me and guess what? After going around the table she asks what I would like for my appetizer! Not a good sign. When she drops off our appetizers she tries taking our menus. Several members of our group told her that we wanted to order dinner. She said "Ok" and promptly dashed off! This was another recurring theme with her- she was like the Houdini of wait staff- whenever someone needed a drink or sauce she vanish! Now for the food- The one thing that I enjoyed was the cornbread- it was light and not overly sweet. For my appetizer I ordered the fried mac & cheese and it was disappointingly dull. For dinner I ordered the Big bacon and Cheddar - a bacon cheeseburger. I asked for a side of mayo. What came out instead was Miracle Whip- which I can't stand. I don't care if they don't have mayo, but if they're going to try to pass off MW for mayo they shouldn't be in the food service industry. the burger itself was only ok. It was cooked to medium rare as ordered but I could have a much better burger with competent service just a few feet away at Blu Burger Grill. The only positive at this place is the happy hour pricing.
1	This place sucks!! I was SO excited for Tobys to FINALLY opened and I gave them credit with all the issues they had opening weekend to give them a break ok new employees learning the ropes of a packed house. But even just a week ago when me and 2 of my friends went to HH at 4:30 on a MONDAY service still sucked. There were seriously only 10 other in the entire Huge restaurant. I had to flag down the bartender to get service or refills. They were just standing around talking not paying attention to customers. Even a customer next to me who I didnt know looked at me and mouthed "Service here sucks" as they saw I was frustrated again having to flag the bartender down again. Also the bartender when asked how certain foods were said he DID NOT recommend them! LMAO!! Who does that!?!? He didnt recommend a couple appetizers. One being the nachos with certain things on it.  I was just like WOW you work for a restaurant and you yourself are giving bad reviews to customer on your food. Not good. Looked really bad on the restaurant. I also noticed crowds have gone down and Im not surprised with the bad service. I have yet to talk to someone who has something good about service here. I think they need to hire more then just pretty faces and actual people who know how to serve.
3	Welcome to Toby Keith's "cashing in on my name" Bar & Grill. If you've lived long enough in Arizona, you WILL embrace the country scene at some point. If you don't like it, someone you hang out with does, so put on your Wranglers, saddle up, and get your ass in here.Let me get the good out of the way--if you like day drinking, you will like this place. The happy hour is 11-7, and the frozen margaritas will knock you on your ass. Good prices on domestic drafts, too. I'm a sucker for the red solo cups. Additionally, the level of atmosphere is off the charts! Wooden decor everywhere, and all country, all the time. I would listen to artists like Jason Aldean over garbage like Drake and Ke$ha any day. As other reviews have pointed out, service blows. They are totally personable, but the large space has them walking around in circles, as if they are having trouble figuring out what to do next. A simple appetizer took 30 minutes to show up, and it wasn't even busy! I won't knock them too much for that, because just like restaurants in Westgate, the nightlife and not the food is obviously the main attraction. The stage is huge, and there's plenty of room. I haven't gone on a busy Saturday night yet, but it looks promising. As always, I'll keep you updated!
1	I took. Good friend for birthday there and it was opening weekend.  She had a blast but I felt so bad bc the service sucked.  I saw a couple of guys order drinks and an incident happened with my husband and one of his friends and they spilled a drink on his shoes.  Not hard feelings they were talking and apologizing and the guy who was paying was turned for less than a min and the chick bartender tossed his money at him on the counter and walked off.  Keep in mind I was sober (dd). Will meet go there again.
1	Worse service ever. Mandy is an awful manager!! If I could give this zero stars I would, she and her bartender had such an attitude and had no manager experience previously, you could definitely tell!!!
4	My husband and I decided to check this out for an early dinner on a Saturday evening and really enjoyed going into Toby Keith's.  I have seen a lot of negative reviews but have to say we did not have an issue with service.  Our waitress was very attentive and I never once had to ask for a refill on a drink.  The food was decent and the atmosphere was decent.  would like to go in for an evening when there is live music and see how that is.
4	We read all the reviews, so we weren't expecting much in the way of service.  However, we were pleasantly surprised.  We decided to go on a Saturday at lunchtime (around 12:30ish), so we figured it might be busy.  It wasn't completely full, but it's a big place and most of the tables were occupied.  The numerous TV's had college games on, which we love, so that was enjoyable.  We were seated, and our waitress came right over for our drink order.  As soon as our drinks were brought over, we ordered an appetizer (potato skins), and told her to give us a few minutes to decide on our entrees.  She came back a few minutes later, and we ordered...no problem with service, in our eyes.The potato skins were really good.  They gave us 2 nice scoops of sour cream (hubby always complains that most places never give you enough to put on the skins).  They weren't greasy, and were cut in inch wide strips, as opposed to scooped out.  I found them easier to eat this way.  Not too much cheese, a nice amount of bacon, love the chives added on and they were crispy.  (A busboy came over after we finished, and asked if he could take our plate.)A few minutes later, our main courses arrived.  My husband got the pulled pork sandwich.  In the picture it showed cole slaw on it, but it was actually on the side.  So, he piled it onto the pork.  I got the American Soldier burger--no cheese-- with a side of onion rings.  I also asked for a bit of BBQ sauce for my burger, which was quickly brought over.  While I was setting up my burger, putting the red onions, tomatoes, mustard and BBQ sauce on it, my husband downed his sandwich.  I think he liked it!  My burger was cooked perfectly, nice and charred on the outside, but juicy inside.  The only issue I had was the bun being a little too big.  But, that's a personal taste thing, and my husband loved the bun.  The onion rings were crispy, and I used the extra BBQ sauce to dip them in.  My husbands fries looked pretty good, and he seemed to enjoy them.Overall, the food was pretty good, and the service was nice.  There were lots of waitresses around, but they all seemed to be helping tables and not standing around chatting.  So, maybe someone is reading the reviews and made some changes.Also, as a side note, the bathrooms are big and clean (at least they were on a Saturday afternoon).  I'm sure on a Friday or Saturday night, the place is loud and hopping.  But, that's not for us, so we wouldn't be going at those times anyway.  Maybe some of the bad reviews were down to growing pains, and hopefully, they've matured enough that more good reviews will be coming.
3	Went on a Tuesday to see what "live band karaoke" was all about.  They said it started at 8:00 on their sign, but it started at 9:00.  Band had around 100 songs to pick from,, or maybe 125.  I knew very few of them.  Noise level was sort of loud until the band took over.  Then it was rattle the tables loud.  This is clearly aimed at the younger crowd.  If you are older you most likely will not want to have your ears tortured.  If you want to go for the food only, go early in the evening.  No cover charge on Tuesday.Did not eat, but looked at a menu.  Prices seemed a little high but not overly so.  Bowl of chili was $5, which seems ok (assuming the bowl is normal sized).  My friend and I do not drink, but she got a non-alcohol beer.  It was $4.  I do not know if that is normal or not.  Seemed high to me.  I got soda.  The waitress comp'd it, so the bill was not too high in the long run.  I tipped her accordingly.Lot's of sports TV's around the place.  Waitress was attentive, for the most part.  Bathrooms were large and clean.  A couple of menu surprises.  They have fried bologna.  Thick slices.  Never seen that in a restaurant.  Also, they have Miracle Whip.  Means I can get their Club Sandwich with the thing I like on my club.  I know of no other restaurant that has Miracle Whip, and I have asked at all of them.Giving it 3 stars because it had it's issues and its pluses.  Most likely would not return, except for the chili and Miracle whip.  If I do, it will be earlier in the evening, and I will sit away from the music (if there is such a place).
4	I've seen quite a few people post about terrible service and bad food.I had the opposite experience!We went with a few coworkers to celebrate the beginning of fall break!We had a 1/2 day of school and found out that happy hour started at 11am!With $2 drafts and well drinks and cheap appetizers, how could anyone go wrong?We had a great server who took care of our large party, separate checks and all!The food was tasty, the drinks were cheap, and the fun was fun!I ordered the fried bologna sandwich and was not upset about that! Totally reminded me of the ones my grandma would make when we were kids!Will definitely go back for HH again soon!
1	Worst service I've had in a long time. Good happy hour prices on beer but I won't be back.
4	Tried the nachos, sweet potato tots, and complimentary corn bread. YUM!! Service was pretty good as well.  Over all very tasty.  Agree with eye candy comment. Ha ha.
1	Lame, the food is too spicy or too greasy to eat.  I got the sampler platter and it was just fried food, I did not like any of it, I had to go home and eat something worth eating that was fried, this place did not cut it.I like mixed drinks this place did not really have anything for me, this placeis probably good for beer, but who knows because I don't drink beer.   We did get seated fast but the food is not worth going for even though the waitress was nice and friendly, food doesn't add up.
3	I love Toby Keith and his music. This place only open for 3 mo. but still a few bugs to take care of. The music is a little too loud for lunch. I mean after 7PM maybe its ok, but those of us who like to TALK to each other its a little loud. Lots of TK music which is good. One of the stalls in ladies room cannot lock, the sliding thingy was put in upside down. I told our server and Heather the mgr. Altho I like the song, hubby does NOT like drinking his beer in a plastic red Solo cup! Again, maybe after 7PM. Our server, Samantha, seemed to take too long for any request we had - beer, tea refill. The Rueben sandwich I had was cold, well cool really and probably because of ALL the cole slaw put on it. It tasted ok but I had to ask Heather to heat it up some. They were most accommodating. Portions were pretty good sized. Hubby really liked his chicken parm sandwich  -  the bun was very soft and not the hard roll - ate it all!! $8 lunch pretty good. I don't like french fries but Samantha said I could substitute sweet potato tots and they WERE hot. Heather gave us her card.
1	If Toby Keith is affiliated with this place in any way, he should be embarrassed with the piss poor service they provide. I should have listened to my fellow yelpers on this one. I sat at the bar for 10+ minutes before I flagged down help. It felt like I was broken down in the side of the road awaiting a tow truck. Anyway the bartender explained they were not covering that side of the bar as well? Ok, so I just moved to the other side. The same thing happened, no one approached me. My guest showed up and asked for a manager, some man with a porno mustache showed up and said he  laughed and said he would discipline them after 2am? Not sure, but it seemed inappropriate since the waitresses were very pretty. The waitress went on to say the restaurant was fairly new, however this was customer service 101 stuff.I will never return an neither should you.
2	This is a disgrace I come with my friends 4 of us, one was wearing basketball shorts and was told he can't wear it after 8 so Toby Keith's bar lost $100 over a pair of shorts we had to go to Denny's it made me so mad we just left the Lee Brice concert and wanted to go there, see if this were any other bar and grill it would be empty the only thing keeping it open is the name! Come on Toby Keith's you guys know there's money to be made....make it!
1	Horrible service. Took forever. Management apology for service was bunch of excuses. Will not be back.
2	I had a burger, she had the Cobb salad.  It wasn't horrible, but it wasn't fantastic either.  I just couldn't stand the cowboy motif and have absolutely no clue who Toby Keith is or any songs he sings. It's a large bar, but if I were looking for a good sports bar, there are so much better.  If you're into the cowboy shitkicker stuff, then I would head over to Cave Creek and take your pick.I was laughing at the sign on the door where after 5 pm the dress code is strictly enforced.  Is that belt buckles, boots and cowboy hats? It's just another tourist trap near the stadium.
1	Worst service and managers. Make other plans trust me! Took 3 times to get a drink right and over 30 minutes
1	I had the worst experience ever here went hear for my wife birth day and the service was really bad never had refills on drinks and also found a bug in my food would not recommend this place to anyone
1	Went for a concert, which was amazing. The  crazy expensive and totally disgusting cold food was unbelievable. There were not nearly enough tables for the kitchen to have a problem putting out hot food and the quality was shameful. I could find better selections at Costco.
4	There were 3 of us yesterday for lunch.  We had a young friendly, informative waitress named The Bronx (OOOPS, I meant Brooklyn)  LOL  She answered all our questions and the service was great.  Reliable and very efficient.  She was really on the ball.This restaurant is quite large and there is a very small lunch crowd.We had appetizers (fried zucchini, potato skins) and I had the pulled chicken sandwich. One of our group had the BBQ ribs.  We all remarked about the tasty food.Reading these reviews here I thought the place was going to be a flop. We talked with Brooklyn and she said they had a big shake up there.  Fired many, many employees and hired as many new ones.  Apparently many of these reviews were from when they were first opened.Another plus is that they have my favorite beer on tap, Kiltlifter.You really need some good photos on the below portion which asks if these photos are helpful?If you want some good ones please feel free to get in touch.https://www.facebook.com/SindiStackFotography
1	I love Toby Keith but if he is in anyway associated to this place you better rethink it. I came in just after one today maybe 35-40 people in the bar, but the place is very big after being told we could sit wherever we wanted is server finally came up after five minutes. Said it wasn't even her station but she was going to help us I was the only help we got from her all day. We ordered two beers 1pint 1mason jar and two waters. It took 10 minutes to get our beers and they were served in plastic cups, I know Tobeys into red solo cups but seriously a Sunday afternoon and they don't have any glasses? The waitress apologized and told us she would repour into glass & told us the bartenders had a busy night last night so there weren't many glasses available , what a joke!!! After 20 more minutes we still have not received our waters nor appetizers and we had no idea where our server was so we threw a 20 down &got up and left.... I will not go back and would urge you not to go at all
1	I wish I could give 0 stars! This place is absolutely horrible. Took 10 minutes to get someone to take our drink order, and there were only 5 other tables in the entire place. Took another 10 minutes to get our drinks (water), and when we got our appetizers, 15 minutes after that, it was cold. Tried to give it another chance, but will absolutely not ever be going back here. Bummer too, because they have some good concerts coming up!
3	Good tv situation. I love the beer here. Not sure if it's colder or cleaner taps and lines but it is so smooth and crisp here. Very good beer. Had the nachos with BBQ chicken. The chicken was over powering. It was very smokey and strong tasting. Just kinda ruined the nachos for me. I would suggest getting the beef.
4	"No cover charge..." Seems nobody at Toby Keith's has ever heard his song. Oh well I understand they need to make a profit, but be warned there is a $5 cover for guys. Show your military i.d. for free cover.So lets review. The food and service gets 2 stars, but then again I don't come here to eat. I come here to dance. The dance floor is great and is never too crowded. I must say the crowd here is a complete 180 from the one in Mesa. I kept seeing guys with baggy pants and stickers on their hats and women with tight short dresses with hooker heels. It's a country bar...not a hip hop club. I guess that's why the dance floor is not crowded, because not to many people their can country dance. The drink prices are pretty insane, I think it was $9 for a tall blue moon eek!I would take this one over the Mesa one any day. The layout is better, the dance floor is nice and I could actually find a seat. So at the end of the day I'm a fan and it's a good place to come dance.
3	Hmmm. What can I say? Well the Happy Hour prices are very good. The food...not so great; generic chain food. Our server was really friendly. I hope she and all the others are comfortable in their short shorts and cowboy boots! I would think that would get old. Not only are you being constantly ogled by the customers but you have to walk around in that crap! Workplace hazard if you ask me. My biggest concern with this place is their use of plastic cups. Really? Who wants a beer in plastic? What a waste, they get ZERO stars for sustainable business practices. Shame on you Toby Kieth, aren't cowboys supposed to love the outdoors?
1	Dumb blondes who work there .. takes 20 min to get 5 dollar beers .. only good for eye candy..
1	I was very disappointed. Service was awful, food was below average and if Toby Keith has any affiliation with this place I would say that he needs to get away from it. I would say listen to the other reviews and not go or go at your own risk of getting terrible food and service
3	I'm not a big country buff but the atmosphere is pretty kick back. The food was ehh alright it wasn't anything spectacular. Came here for New Years and I wasn't really feeling the whole country live band. I'd say if your not too big on country I wouldn't recommend coming here for New Years. However if you wanna try something new and different it's a place I'd recommend to try at least once.
4	I'd say skip the meal but stop in for beer (before they charge the cover).  Bartenders and nice and FINALLY BOYtenders - Wow - just sayin - fun if you are really into country - band was doing sound check for what seemed like an eternity.  Take out of towners if you're looking to people watch.
2	Bad service! Walked in with a friend Friday during the day and the bartender ignored us as we sat at the bar for 10 min while 6-7 servers stood around doing nothing. We finally received our beers and had a few rounds. It is really bad when you have a huge bar like this with 2-4 tables and it takes forever to get a drink. I also cant stand getting a beer in a red solo cup during the day when its slow and our first drink was in a heavy pint glass. I understand the "red solo cup" motif but I believe that you can hold off with the cheap glassware until the party gets started later in the evening. I get using plastic cups and shot glasses to avoid breakage but at 1:30 on a Friday?? Give me a break.... I wouldnt recommend this place unless youre looking for a fun party night with a group of friends.
1	For those of you going on nights that there is entertainment, there's a cover charge.  Shrug.I am very conflicted but ultimately not going to go back.  I went on my birthday with a friend.  I got a free steak dinner and he got a sandwich.  I ordered the ribeye steak Medium Rare.  After 25 minutes, we both got our food. There wasn't many people there for lunch at the time.  They apologized for it being late but not much of an explanation.  My steak was cooked Medium well, almost well.  LIterally a faint pink in the middle and grey for the rest.  I told the waitress and she agreed and took it back. About 2 minutes later a lady puts the steak back on the table and says, sir you said this is overcooked? This is medium rare.  I explained, it is not, medium rare should be red, pink, grey, not this, it's almost well done.  She was like, no it's medium rare.  I was like no it's not, it's like almost well done.  Then she was like, so you want me to undercook you one? I'm like sure if that's what it takes.  She then said, it will take another 8-12 minutes.  Which is appropriate, interesting she can tell me how long it takes to cook a steak and rest it but not what the temp is.  The second steak was rare.  Undercooked but better than overcooked so I ate it. The rudeness of the manager, I assume, is the reason I would never go again.
1	The service here is terrible. We were here on a Sunday and were surprised at how empty it was. Service took forever on all aspects except bringing the check (that was super quick)!Food was mediocre at best, for desert we ordered the warm brownie topped with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and warm fudge. Imagine our surprise when we got a cold brownie covered in cold fudge! Oh yeah and they forgot the ice cream!!! How does this get out of the kitchen?
1	Horrible horrible horrible.  Service is the worst, it's like the waitress has no idea when people sit down because they don't care about tips and management doesn't care about people coming back.  It takes way to long to get your food and everything comes out cold.  If the nachos look like they have been sitting in the window for too long, don't bring them to the table.  Everyone blames someone else, no one takes responsibility for the bad food or the bad service.  I guess it's always the customers being too needy.  I will go back to watch concerts there but I'm not getting any food and ordering my drinks from the bar.  If you take the time to read this I suggest you do the same.  One more thing, there weren't towels to dry your hands in the bathroom and my friend's wife said neither did the women's.  Management took the hillbilly concept and made it "just plain lazy".
1	Excited to try Toby Keith's for the first time. It was during happy hour which was pretty slow and ended up with horrible, slow service. Bartender walked by without making eye contact numerous times while we waited to order. Finally left and headed for Gordon Biersch to try their happy hour which ended up having Fabulous Service!!
4	I ate there last Thursday night. Had the American burger which was pretty good (Not amazing). Also stayed around for ladies night, there was a decent crowd. Overall good experience would go there again. Bouncers are a little sketchy tho, asking me what my birthday and address was as he's IDing me. Taking there job a little to serious I think.
1	Cover charge for guys, took our high top and chairs after hours once the band started while we were sitting there, bouncer made us remove ourselves from the area where we were standing to make room for a "high profile client" who did not even grace us with their presence. Not going here again. Nice eye candy for single guys, but nothing here for us married guys who are looking to grab a drink after the game.
3	Had to try Toby Keith's for a slice of Americana. Menu offerings were plenty to choose from with some country junk food. Beer selection was super weak, no good IPAs or micro brews to speak of. Of course Toby had PBR on tap. Hooters style service with country twist on the uniform - tight jeans. Super cool bar, very large and shaped like a guitar. Food was alright, service was great. Novelty dining, checked off the list.  I guess this would be a great place to see a performance.
4	This place is rated oddly low. Or maybe I just had a uniquely pleasant experience here. So I came here on a Thursday night which is ladies night (50 cent drinks) before 11. And there was a DJ, people were dancing lively and the dance floor had enough room to two step but wasn't a ghost town - just the right balance. The dance floor is very large by the way, great plus. The music was a nice mix of hip hop and country in case you can't two step (although you're in a country bar). I like the mix, I think I would get tired of hearing country all day (like at Whiskey Row in Old Town). Unfortunately I didn't come here for the food, so I have no idea what it's like, just came to dance with some friends. Maybe I'll come back to try it. The bartenders are attentive which is another plus. The crowd is interesting, definitely a mix of young and old. Since it was ladies night Thursday night, there were a lot of ladies for the night. Sort of unusual for a late scene at a bar, but I guess that's why ladies night is implemented to bring us on in, and it works. :P  The bathrooms were great, many many stalls - no lines, no wait! And they were very clean. :)The patio was sort of packed, but there's a lot of free seating inside and out so that's a plus unlike at nightclubs where it's 100% VIP only. So overall, it was a good experience. Not much to complain about - the crowd was slightly obnoxious giving the security and staff a hard time, but the security and staff were very patient and fantastic, they dealt with everything professionally and fast.
2	So...We came back.  This time, it was after a spring training game and I had my sister, her husband, and their 3 kids with me.  Service was fine...place was actually pretty busy for a weekday.My nephew and I enjoyed our meals...I had the fried bologna sandwich and he had the buffalo chicken sandwich.However, my sister and her husband couldn't even eat theirs.  They ordered these MONSTER nachos.  I'm not kidding.  These things could feed 10 people.  So the other two kids ate off of them as well...or at least tried to.  I mean....who doesn't like nachos?These nachos are served with 3 types of meat. Smoked chicken, bbq brisket and pulled pork.  Now the chicken was good...it was just a basic smoked chicken...no sauce.  But the pork and the brisket had sauce.  The absolute most sickeningly sweet sauce known to man.  So sweet, that it could have been called a dessert.  Needless to say, the nachos were not very edible.  Thankfully, the server was kind enough to take the nachos off the bill...but from now on, I know not to order anything of the bbq sort here. I'll stick to the appetizers, bologna sandwich, and beer.
1	Seriously 1 of the worst experiences ever. Food was simply frozen and reheated in the microwave. My husbands bbq ribs were cold when sent back they were still cold. My chicken sandwich had black burnt bacon which ruined the whole thing. The service was sub-par although the waitress was nice she only checked on us once. The upside was kids always eat free however my daughter wasn't interested in the chicken tenders that had no flavor. I had to feed her something else when we got home. Not worth the money.
2	Speed in after a movie with another couple. Not impressed. Rack of ribs were absolutely torched on one side and for the portions the prices are ridiculous. Not for me.
5	Great super fast service. Nothing fancy just good music, sports game on, good steak food.  Friendly staff. We will defiantly be back.
1	Wow, the food here is horrible and the servers are lacking in every way possible. First off the food....disgusting, flavorless & underwhelming. I had the BBQ pork sandwich and it literally tasted like dirt, the cfc was bland and the gravy tasted like un -cooked flour. The pickles were actually descent, but the chips and queso tasted like nally's chili, which isn't a compliment. The server was clueless on any question we asked. She over charged us on the food and drinks. This lace is worthless in my opinion, and I hope it goes away.
2	Stopped in for an early dinner on Saturday.  The place was not too busy, it had a great feel and there were plenty of workers in the place.  Unfortunately, none of them wanted to come take our order and none of them seemed to be too happy either.The food was okay but the service was horrible!  Not going back!  You can find better places all over the Phoenix area.
1	This place had potential.  The atmosphere and music are pretty good.  Unfortunately the bouncers are a bunch of absolute tool bags.  My cousin got approached at a table and asked to show his id.  He had shown it at the front door.   He was then asked to step outside so they could check and see if he was intoxicated!  First, he wasn't.  (1 beer). Second he was minding his own business.  The bar was sparsely packed.  We were talking amongst our own group.  The only thing I can think of is they didn't like his shoes.  (Nikes). Or...they are prejudice.  A fat bouncer with a beard approached him and started harassing him out of the blue.  They said he could re-enter when it became clear he was not intoxicated and he would most likely sue if they continued to harass him.  He is a business professional.  We ended up leaving  for the night but will not spend our money in a place with douch bags for bouncers!
2	First of all....I love Toby Keith, I don't love this bar & grill. My boyfriend got some sort of steak, and I got the Cobb Salad. Paul's steak had been very strongly marinaded, and the flavor completely overwhelmed what would have been a good piece of meat that had been cooked to a good medium-rare. My salad was okay....most of the greens appeared fresh (although I did get to a section of the salad with quite a few pieces of wilted & somewhat slimy greens), there was way too much bleu cheese on it so that was basically all you could taste, and the bacon was not good. I don't know how it's possible to screw up bacon, but they did...and there was a ton of it on the salad. I'm also not sure if this was just a coincidence or what, but I also got sick later that night...not so sure if it was from the food or not.Our waitress was pretty....and that's about all she had going for her. I understand that since I am a woman, that my opinion is basically invalid on this, BUT I would rather have an ugly waitress (or waiter) who was good at their job than a piece of eye candy who looks good in Daisy Dukes.....but maybe that's just me....
5	My wife and I went on a Friday around 6pm. We didn't have to wait to be seated even though it looked quite busy. Our service was excellent. We ordered an the smokehouse nacho(with pork) appetizer. It came out quickly and they were some of the best nachos I've ever had. My burger and wife's pulled pork sandwich also came out quickly and both tastes perfect. Couldn't ask for more.
1	Came here to celebrate a 40th birthday party. Band was good. Had two gift cards when we arrived, asked the girl at the front door to let me know how much was on each, I knew one was unused and had $50, I was unsure about the other. 4 people and 15 minutes later no one knew how to check the balance on the gift card, gave up since it was delaying our night. We had to go to the bar to get drinks even though we had a table near the stage - no server. The first time at the bar my husband was helped by a nice lady that used the $16 on our first gift card then put the remaining couple dollars from our $50 gift card. meaning it had about $48. Then next round my husband went to the bar, was finally helped by a guy, he ordered the same as the first time, gave the guy the card and he brought the drinks said there was nothing left on the card then proceeded to avoid my husband by going to the other end of the bar. Finally the first lady that helped my husband came back and he told her the situation. She went and got his card, came back saying it had $32 still available on it. The guy tried to steal our gift card! After the drama at the front door and no one being able to check a balance on a gift card it's hard not to wonder if there is only the one crocked guy or if there is more of a conspiracy going on. Anyway it put a damper on our 40th birthday situation and we left soon after. Completely untrustworthy employees there, it's such a shame with a name like Toby Keith behind it. We used to frequent one of the California locations often when we lived there but we won't be going back to this Peoria AZ one, even thought it's only five minutes from our house.
1	About the worst customer service I have ever had.  I don't know Toby Keith personally but I can't imagine he would want his name associated with the kind of service I received.
1	Went in after finals to have some drinks and listen to some music. We were really hoping for some food, but I guess after 10 on a Friday night is just way too late. So we got some drinks, which were oddly expensive. $7.50 for well drinks? Come on. But the absolute best part of the night was when our two male friends started dancing with each other and were immediately pulled outside by the bouncers to be interrogated about what state they were from, how much they had to drink (none at this bar, thankfully), and were then told in a less than subtle manner that they needed to leave. Considering how raunchy some of their other straight patrons were getting with their dancing, I can really draw only one conclusion as to why two men were asked to leave, just for dancing together and nothing else. So thank you Toby Keiths. Thank you for re-enforcing everything I knew about Toby Keith and Arizona in general.
1	Terrible service, terrible food. "If you've had one drink you aren't allowed in our establishment" that's what a bouncer said. don't waste your time here unless you are sober
1	Do not waste your hard earned money here, there are several other country bars around, go to them!My husband and I's 2nd trip here this past Friday has me determined never to return as well as to spread the word of how horrible the service, food and management was! We waited over 15 minutes to be served, my order was not only wrong but RAW! The management staff was so ignorant to comment that I'll be fine as people consume raw fish all the time. The gal serving asked if we needed a to go box as my husband pointed at both I nodded and she removed my plate and threw it away! This was a FULL plate of food, I had probably 3 bites no joke. She then insisted ONLY my husband asked for a to-go box although he pointed and I nodded. Not only that, but our tab, HA! Nothing done, no offer for dessert either. This was the 2nd trip - both a waste of time and money. So disappointed in the brand altogether. Stay away! I know others who have gotten sick too!
2	Every time we go here, the bouncers try to mess with me. I've had them go so far as to tell me there was a warrant out for my arrest after they scanned my ID (which is not funny, because some scanners really can pick that up). If they're not pulling something like that, they're checking my picture against my face for a good minute before deciding it's not a fake. This last time though really irritated me. I hand this Duck Dynasty wannabe my ID and watch him read it. I guess that was suspicious, because he looked up from it and stared at me intently. I stared right back, and apparently he didn't like that, because he then asked "Where are you coming from?"  "Oh, the Tim McGraw concert."  He gets this super serious look. "How much have you had to drink?"Which really ticked me off, because I had not had one single sip of alcohol all night."Nothing. At all."   Phil Jr. stares at me some more, and finally lets me in, but I remained annoyed for the rest of the evening. Being treated like you're underage with a fake, or already drunk when you're not, gets really old when it's every single time you get to a bar.
1	Terrible service. We walked in were told to sit anywhere. After sitting at the bar for five minutes and no service we walked out past the hostess and server who were chatting to find a new restaurant.
4	Read a lot of bad reviews on food and service but to be honest we had great food and service. I showed the manager the bad ratings from yelp. She actually read some of the reviews and was really cool about owning their mistakes. She said they have changed their training and they are working on their customer service. I appreciated her taking time to talk to us. We had great service and great food. Give this place a try it seems to have changed for the better :)
1	The service was good and it seemed like a fun atmosphere, salad was good but chicken tenders were awful, no flavor tasted like frozen breaded chicken.  Probably wouldn't go back.
1	My husband and I decided to check this place out...mainly because of me and my love for the musician....DONT GO.  The greeter was RUDE...because we came in the wrong door.  The table was dirty...as were the seats.  Our server was very sweet.  She did her best to make sure our experience was a good one.  That is where it ended. My husband had the BBQ chicken...dry...bland.  I had the BBQ chicken wrap.  Tasteless.  I ordered a Bloody Mary...horrible...and the $4 frozen margarita...which tasted like well water.  It really is a shame that the food and drinks taste so awful....The concept is a good one...like the music....but the rest....lets just say McDonalds would have been a better choice.
1	Takes 30 min just to get to the bar. Another 20 to get served. Forget about needing a DD  unless they get more bartenders
1	If Toby Keith knew this place operates like a back alley joint, he would never allow his name to be affiliated with it (let's hope not!)  I can't imagine why there is a fee to get in.  The line to get in is very slow moving.  The music  at least is varied to several types of music, so if you are a diehard country fan, forget it! This is not the bar for you!  We reserved a table near the stage.  That cost our group $250.00!  The drinks were watered down, the service was minimal, and to top it all off no food after 10pm!  Are they kidding? Why buy drinks when you can't even eat?  I completed a survey to give this place a chance to address my issues, never a word back.  How's that for tacky?
3	I hear nothing but good things about the food and today is my 2nd time at a Toby Keith's, but wow, these prices are deadly! No lunch specials to boot! I guess it's full-price all day, every day! Food has been great  on both visits but not sure it's worth the price.
1	I had the flatiron steak with fries and a baked potato. The baked potato was the best part of the meal. The steak had a taste I can't identify, maybe old meat? The fries were kindof cold and gross. The staff was extremely friendly, the kitchen needs some help.
1	Boo
4	Delicious soldier burger, fries, & apple pie.  Great music. A little pricey but we will be back!
1	Overpriced. Bouncers are weird. Play the same music over and over. Came here to celebrate my brothers Bday. Our waitress was okay. Guys go around picking up empty bottles and cups, and sometimes pick up your filled cups and bottles... Wth? Not impressed with this place.
1	We just came here with a large group and got kicked out bc we apparently refused to pay our tabs and were over intoxicated.  Umm, I personally paid $123 of overcharged drinks for my friends. We paid whatever charges they said we were refusing and left. We will never go there again. Take your money somewhere else that will at least treat you nicely. The drinks were overpriced and the service was horrible.  Don't waste your time and money.
2	This bar has a weird vibe. The staff always  seems mad about something. The bar tenders are slow and the bouncers walk the bar with an aggressive attitude. People go to country bars to dance, drink, and have fun, not to be intimidated by doormen and bouncers. My advice to TK's is drop the tough guy attitude. Step up your customer service and play more country music. I like all genres of music, but metal at a country bar makes it hard to dance with a girl. Also unlike the song there IS a cover charge :(
1	Let me start off by saying I have never written a review ever in my life. This is my first review, but I felt it was needed just because my experience was so bad. I am a 13 year military vet that does not go out too often. My co-workers decided to have a social event at this bar, I did not know where this place was located so I looked it up here on Yelp, and I saw a lot of bad comments about bad customer service and the bouncers being extremely rude. Despite all the reviews I read, I decided to go just so i can support our event. I did not have my first beer until about 2 hours into the night, just so I can get the people home that might need assistance afterwards. We also had pre-planned designated drivers to take all of us home after the event. The group I was with was having a good time and was dancing a lot. As I was walking to go check on one of my personnel that was dancing, two bouncers stopped me and asked "can I see your ID". After recalling the reviews I read, I knew this was something the bouncers felt they had the right to do, even though I had a white ban that said I was over 21. I told them "no you can not, I know you have no right to randomly ask me that". So they told me I need to follow them outside and I complied without a single argument. When we got outside they said specifically they did not like the way I was walking and asked me how long I have been at the bar. I said no disrespect, but they are out of line at that is none of their business, but I still told them I was there for just over 3 hours. Also I told them "I know I was not stumbling because I only had a beer and a half within a little over 3 hours and I saw many people that were far more worst than me". They responded with "I gave them attitude about wanted to see my ID". I said "not to sound to disrespectful, but I know they have no right to just randomly request my ID". They demanded I do their sobriety test. I told them I know you have know right or jurisdiction to give me such a test, but I will still do it. Then they gave me some made up test where I had to count to 1, 2, 3, 4 and follow a particular finger pattern that they felt was suitable. I told them I'm probably not going to get this because it was totally made up and it was based off of a pattern the bouncer felt was suitable. Of course I did not get it because it was totally made up by the bouncers. I requested their names because I knew this was a previous issue based off of the reviews I read and I asked to speak to their supervisor. The bouncers names were Jesse and Mike, and they did not want any part of what I had to say. As we were talking, their "manager" came out, and said "what do you want"? He came out trying to posture up and act all hard, but he was not trying to give me his name when I requested it. All I can describe him to be is a white oriented guy that was roughly 5'6" that had a shaved head. He did not care to hear a single word I had and just took the bouncers point of view and told me to leave. Even though I was the one who requested him, that did not mean anything to him.  So I just left extremely upset, without another word. I was extremely bothered because I was someone who was just randomly singled out without much of an explanation.  I ask the bouncers, can I at least go get my party, and they just looked away from me and ignored me. We spent over $500 on food and drinks and this is how we get treated.To Management:Based off of all the reviews you see here on Yelp, it's obvious that your night crew has problems and it does not look like you are doing much about it. Their attitudes can only be a reflection of the people who lead them. Also, your crew at night does not seem to realize that your establishment is a bar and it's sole purpose is to serve alcohol. So even if someone started to get a little bit buzzed, so what! Unless they can not stand, are bothering other people, or puking all over the place, just leave them alone.
1	Man was I expecting more from this place. I've heard such great things from friends in different places so maybe it's just this particular location... not sure. We went on my birthday and the food was just ok. Nothing special. But more importantly I felt like we were an inconvenience to the staff. Like how dare we come in for lunch, or order an appetizer. Maybe it's better at night? Or when their busier? Oh well *Happy Birthday to Me*
1	Food is good. Beer is good. But f$&k sake, the bartenders are slow as shit, we sat at the bar and waited 10 min for someone to come serve us. And it was NOT busy. They saw us but just didn't want to help. Finally I had to basically flag them down by tackling one. Then they just gave us drinks, no menus. Had to wait again for that. They are all just either REALLY REALLY bad at their job or all assholes. It bartending, not rocket surgery. And it's not one or two, it's all of them. So you would think that maybe the manager or assistant manager would be helpful or do something? Nope. One just followed a not very pretty waitress around all night, can't wait to hear about that sexual harassment lawsuit and the other just aimlessly wandered around while everyone just sat there talking. This would be an awesome place to hang out and drink if anyone else worked there, like literally anyone, hell just one person could do the work of every other bartender or manager there. Really wish TK corporate would know about this place giving them a bad name.
3	I have to say that after reading the other reviews, I'd have to agree. My husband and I enjoy going to Toby Keith's to listen to the music and have a couple of drinks during happy hour.  We pretty much keep to ourselves and just observe. In the last few times I've been there, I have noticed that one bouncer in particular always seems to be giving male customers lots of attitude.  He's the short and buff and seems to be there all the time.  I've never seen him smile.  He seems to focus on the hispanic males in general and I've seen several of them escorted out for no reason other than having a good time.  I've been wanting to contact someone regarding this for over a month now since it seems to be getting worse. One other thing I'd like to point out is that as soon as it hits around 6:45, all servers and bartenders seem to disappear or preoccupy themselves so you can't order another drink before happy hour ends.  Just thought I'd bring this to your attention since it's been bothering me for awhile.  Thank you!
2	I am only giving it two stars for the reason that I have yet to have a bad experience up until this Saturday. Me and a group of friends went here looking to dance and have a good time for our buddies bday. After about an hour of being there we were outside when a bouncer by the name of Jesse approached the bday boy and asked for his id.. We were confused at this because he said he was "swaying" we had been there for an hour no one was that intoxicated!! In no way were we making a scene. One of my girlfriends had approached them and asked what was wrong. Jesse the bouncer looked at her and said "ITS BITCHES LIKE YOU THAT DONT LET ME FINISH" that right there is what set me off. In no way shape or form should any man talk to a woman like that. The manager was called and he did nothing about the situation at this point we wanted to get out! I have gone to Toby's every thurs night and on the weekends I will never return to this establishment. Also I will make sure people know what Jesse said and how "management" handled it, disgusting!
2	My wife and I came here on our wedding anniversary. There was a live country band playing and lots of people line dancing and having a great time.  Great drink specials and a good western vibe. We couldn't help but notice the excessive number of bouncers that walks back and forth on the dance floor as if they were making sure everyone is on their best behavior.  It almost seems like something is about to go down. I mean these muscle head bouncers had necks starting at the top of their ears. Hey Toby, Its a bar dude not downtown Beirut
4	Savannah is an excellent bartender. Only reason I'm rating four stars is for poor service before she came on. Very attentive. Took the time to learn my name and drink. Great bartender had an excellent time.
5	Had a great lunch! Friendly staff, good service and tasty food. When you sign up for their VIP Club (for free) you get an email for a free steak dinner on your birthday and a free fried twinkie for dessert. Today was my husband's birthday and he got the free ribeye steak dinner and loved it. Fried twinkie...yummy!
3	I have only been here to dance and if there was a live band on the whole time I would give this place 5 stars. That being said this place does have a decent dance floor and a good crowd. This particular TK's has a horrible dj named bizarre. I requested a song to which he replied "I don't know that song I don't like country." That becomes more clear as he mixes hip hop beats with country songs. I have been here several times and if there had ever been a different dj I wouldn't write this. It seems as this dj like the bouncers is friends with management. Bizarre needs to go look at your reviews people want more country music!
1	Worst bar ever. Extremely rude, sexist, and slow. Bartenders don't pay any attention to you, takes 20 minutes to get an overpriced drink. Two of my friends think they got drugged there after only having 1 or 2 drinks (neither had experienced this before). A girl tried to fight my friend, had her hands put on her, told security and they told her that they were closing soon so to not worry about it and did nothing. They took away my boyfriends REAL ID saying it wasn't him, we told them to get the police to verify it and another doorman said, "If he took it, you're not getting it back." We got the manager and after one look he gave it back. This bar is full of arrogant frat boys running it. And if you want to get into the aesthetics of the bar itself, it is much to bright inside, drinks are dropped and spilt all over the floor. I've only gone 3 times because I wanted to give it another chance after the first bad experience. I've only heard horror stories other than that.
3	interesting! Such an interesting experience. Went on ladies night the guy-girl ration was about 3-1. Men were definitely on the prowl--- which makes it awkward when you are very obliviously not looking. Didn't try the food, but did try quite a few variety of drinks and they were all fantastic! I'd recommend going before 9 to find a comfortable spot it gets pretty busy afterwards. I like how like most bars this is also a restaurant so there are a lot of seats available not just a small space and dance floor.  The staff upfront, seemed more invested in their own conversations between each other then helping the guests. However, the bartenders and waitress we had were both excellent, checking up on us often and refilling our waters. Overall it was a fun experience, just wish the initial staff you meet at the door were more friendly, after all they are the first impression of the bar-- and it wasn't a good one. So for that had to give 3/5 stars.
2	The highlight was that there was no cover for ladies. Everything else was kind of....weird. The service was bad; we waited for a long time at our table and again at the bar. The food was average and the drinks were more expensive than what I'm used to. There was live music which was nice. Overall, it felt uncomfortable. I won't be back but to each his own!
1	we were in the bar today before the Cards game.  they were not busy at all, we sat at our table for about 10 mins, we had to get up and go the bar and get a waitress.  The waitress came over told us she was running on 3 hours sleep.  she got our order and was back with our drinks about 10 mins later.... she was the bar tender AND the waitress!  the food was fine.  everytime i go in there (which is about 3 time/year) i hope the service would get better, but it sucks EVERYTIME and i don't get it....  reading other Yelp reviews, it sounds like a normal issue...
1	Each time I go back, I like it less and less. Service is slow but I can deal with that. The (already understaffed bar) bartender is always too busy flirting with someone to notice we need something without having to flag them down but whatever, the beer is cheap enough. However, tonight marked a new low, one if which I probably won't return. New menu: small portions, same price and changed recipes (chicken strips, pretzel now in small bites). I ordered a burger but was told to substitute the fries with anything else is $4. Yes, $4!! My husband ordered the pretzel but asked of they would omit the mustard but give him an extra cheese instead. We were informed this would be a charge as well.  Even the bartender mentioned how asked annoyed the staff is with the menu changes. It's certainly not the servers fault but now this bar has nothing except cheap beer going for it. We'll take the drive to Applebee's from now on.
1	Please believe the reviews about security you read on here. They are awful. 2nd time that they have come up to my boyfriend asking "to talk" outside. FYI, if you are ever asked this, finish your overpriced warm drink because you are not coming back. We hadn't even been there an hour. We were minding our own business, had stools at the bar, no falling/spilling/yelling, just trying to have a good time when my boyfriend was approached to "talk outside" by 2 bouncers. I then told my friend with us to finish her drink because he's being kicked out. She's from out of town, totally thought I was being sarcastic, until she realized I was being dead serious. She was beyond floored. Once outside, the bouncers really had no valid reason as to why he was kicked out, but my personal favorite was "you're a big guy". Will not be going back ever again and I make it a point to go out of my way and tell everyone I know to never go to this bar. Such arrogant, cocky, frat boys for security. Hopefully this places closes soon and a better bar opens up that actually lets people relax and have a few drinks, and maybe even actually dance! Such a shame because the Mesa location is fabulous.
3	Food as service can be rated as okay. To me, this place offers nothing special. The food is somewhat bland and the beers are over priced.
1	All I have to say is no. You should just cook at home because at Toby's you will practically serve your self!
2	Went back after friend wore pants....waste of money slow as hell for service then they messed up a lot of wings then they got confused....I finally got my food after explaining they are idiots the bouncers "regulators" arnt too bad the whole shopping center security is annoying which made our night even worse doesn't Toby Keith's have its own security why do they need more? Anyway at least we got in this time disappointed though.....
5	Outstanding customer service.  We had a minor issue with our order but the waitress and manager handled it extremely well.  We have not experienced service this good in years.
1	I don't really want to run this place down (as I am a fan of Toby Keith) but....We have been here three times but it just gets worse. This last time the waitress was more elusive than Bigfoot I tried to flag her down but got a" just a min sir" . Twenty minutes of that was enough. You can get much better food in the other restaurants nearby.  I wonder what will go into this building after Toby Keith leaves?
2	We came here for drinks for a friend's birthday. First thing that seemed weird is that the bouncer checked my wife's purse and had me lift my shirt and do a 360 so he could see my entire waistband. I have never had that happen anywhere, ever. Not even the airport! Now at sporting events I can see checking the purse, but showing my waist seemed a bit odd. We get in and there's a cover charge for men only, which is kind of sexist if you ask me, but whatever.  The girl taking the cover has a few electronic devices with her so I tried to giver her my credit card, but she only takes cash. There's an ATM right there so be prepared to pay the $3.25 fee for cash if you didn't bring any. So I give her a 20 and she slowly breaks my change down into ones and fives. I didn't ask for that, but fine. Then I notice she has a tip bucket. Really! A tip bucket for taking cover charges. You didn't even provide me a service, why tip there? I assume that's why she gave me ones, so I could tip. I did not. So we find a table and after a while end up going to the bar to get our own drinks because a waitress was not to be found. Eventually someone did come by though. I missed her the first time but it was the last. I was never asked by staff if I wanted another drink, the entire night we were running to the bar and back ourselves. The first bartender we talked to was not very friendly and seemed annoyed to take our order. My wife ordered one of the frozen margarita drinks they had in the rotating machines. She tasted it and it had a distinct soapy taste. We had others try it and they agreed. It's like they didn't rinse the machine out enough when washing it. She sent the drink back which was something we've never done, but thankfully the second bartender was nice about it and made her a new drink. I could tell the security guys were aggressive, they look like they watch a lot of UFC if you know what I mean. They came to our table at one point and made us all show our wristbands again. We're adults, not hoodlums trying to sneak in. But ultimately they didn't bother us. They also had an attendant in the men's room, again with a tip bucket, which is fine but he has to hand you the paper towels. He was selling chew cans in there too. So I have three suggestions for this place: 1: don't treat your customers like criminals before they even get in the door. 2: hire attentive, upbeat staff who are happy to serve and earn a living. 3: don't expect tips immediately when you walk in the door. And bonus suggestion is to do a better job cleaning out the margarita machine!
1	Horrible exprience! Husband was kicked out for smoking his e cig when a bouncer saw him.  he had been puffing it all night in the vip room and no one said anything.  told him he needed to get his f****** s***out of there then called him a faggot.  I got a little mouthy with the bouncers.  They assulted me knocked me down and actually broke my foot! I have the medical records to prove it!  this night turned out to be a nightmare!!!! Hate this place...bouncers are out of control!!! Never Again!
5	A great place to come after a hard days work and enjoy a drink with a friend. The staff is friendly and tries to keep up with you even when they are busy.
1	Went here with my wife because I received a gift card from my work, needless to say I'm glad I didn't actually pay out of my own pocket. I ordered chicken fried steak,  it was frozen and had brown gravy from a mix or a can; if I'm going to eat chicken fried steak I want country gravy. My wife had the brisket sandwich, it was on toast which became soggy because it was drowned in bottled bbq sauce; (my homemade bbq sauce is WAY better than their's hands down and I'll guarantee that). The only thing that was good was the fried pickles. We won't be back. Want a good bbq sauce? You're customers would agree mine is better, you seriously need a better sauce.
1	I would love to be able to review but even though opening time is posted at 11 the restaurant was not open at 11:25. Even tried calling and no one answered. Lost 4 customers today.
2	Went here before the Cards game, because there was a long wait at BJ's.  There was no wait, and the place was pretty empty.  It didn't take long to see why! Before we were even seated, I overheard the servers trying to figure out who was getting our table of 15 and it was like a game of "not it"; nobody wanted to wait on us.  Having been a server before I would jump at the chance to serve a party of our size.  The appetizers came, and about 7 minutes later our plates that we needed to eat our apps came.  The food was ok, nothing fantastic and just basic bar food. We had two servers four our table, and saw them each perhaps 5 times total.  I ended up going to the bar to get a glass of water as the one I asked for never came.  The worst part, however, is that I was charged for 2 drinks that we didn't order, AND the itemized bill was one price, yet the amount they can my card for was 5$ more than the itemized bill.  They couldn't explain why, but I would highly recommend you double check your bill, and compare it to the itemized receipt  before leaving. I will never return.  The one good thing I can say about the place is that the bathroom is very clean :)
1	Delicious food. Especially the fries but terrible service. Ruined the birthday dinner we went there for. Took forever to get extra plates, drinks, food, everything! Dont remember the last time ive had such poor service. Such a disappointment. Either they need new mgmt or mgmt needs to do something
1	Really bad place very rude staff did not like the dancers on the bar. Can't dance no room to small have to watch out for the other dancers that are tossing the girls in the air or throwing them between there legs. High price place not worth it!!!!!!!!
