5	Why do they not have Eat anywhere else in Edinburgh, except the airport? Why?! I love this place. Ok, it might be a chain - I'd say it has a similar feel to Pret a Manger - but the food just feels fresher, is that little bit tastier and different, and it's just so nom.It's situated just as you come up the elevator in Departures. Airports are renound for having awful, overpriced food. I remember on a weekend trip to south of England I ate four Costas meatball subs in 3 days. Bad times.But Eat is just so...fresh, and good, and yummy. There's fresh fruit salads, fresh salads that are really *healthy*, sandwiches, wraps, different Pho soups. There's also the less healthy cakes, pastries etc. But the savoury options really are healthy and tasty and good for you. I had prawn and mango salad with wild black rice, although was torn between that and a tuna and green bean salad - no mayo. This is the sort of food I would eat all day, every day. And it's packaged and 'convenience'.I know they have more of them down in London, in the busy lunch-time areas. They need to get it up to Edinburgh, on Princes Street. This food is seriously good and it's the one thing I look forward to going to Edinburgh airport for.
4	Great for fresh & healthy food which can often be hard to find in an airport. Fab selection of breakfast type stuff for early morning starts and good sized portions.  The Pho soups are a hug in a pot.
4	i'm definitely a fan of Eat!!  and was super happy when a branch was installed past security at edinburgh airport instead of just before.  this is easily my go to place to grab a bite while i'm waiting for my flight gate to show up on the screen.  the food is freshly made and good quality with loads of choices.  i usually opt for the breakfast menu as all my flights seem to be at the crack of dawn, so porridge or muffins or croissants, or egg and tomato muffins or bacon paninis.  all very tasty!  there is also a great variety of sandwiches, salads, soups, and even fresh fruit available.this may be a wee bit expensive for a sandwich shop, but as the other airport options are fairly lacking in tasty food i'm happy to pay the extra money.  i do wish they would get a bit better tea as clipper is a not my favourite, but better than what's on offer at the other coffee shops.  so definitely a fan and worth the four stars as i can get fresh fruit along with the croissant :)
4	After my flight back from Spain I popped into Eat to pick up some sandwiches. I was starving and refused to eat RyanAirs crap but was more than happy to walk through the entire airport just to get to Eat. I had the chipotle chicken sandwich and my better half the mexican wrap and yes we shared, cause thats what you do.Both were really tasty and the quality for price was awesome. Its hard to find fresh, delicious sandwiches in airports! We are lucky to have this establishment in Edinburghs airport.
3	I go through Edinburgh airport on a weekly basis. I get my breakfast from eat. If travelling early I recommend getting a bacon sandwich and a large orange juice to achieve the right start to your day. This means you can snooze on the plane a little. Only a foolish man gets a coffee before an early am flight. You need to channel that tiredness into a trance like state on the plane. At Eat the staff are always friendly if a little bit hectic. Recommended for the ease of use and good seating. If you want water you can get it from the Nero next door.
