4	What a delightful surprise! We were heading to Restaurant John and stopped off to see a friend at this tiny little gem. Since we were there (and it was too cold to go further) we decided to try out their brunch. I have two words for you - HOMEMADE SAUSAGE! Wow! YUM! Ask them about the special ingredient. The place is really tiny (25 seats or so) though so you may have to wait a moment. My companion raved about the bechamel sauce and insisted I mention it here. The portions were perfect and well presented. Service was very friendly and welcoming to boot. They also have a lunch menu including cheeseburgers and other delights with lactose free and/or bio cheese!!!! I am looking forward to going back
5	My friend and I visited this cafe for breakfast on a Friday morning on a whim because we were looking for something nearby. And boy, we were in for a treat! We were so impressed that we came back the Sunday after, so we could also enjoy their weekend brunch options. Don't be discouraged because the place is a little further away. Plus, it is just minutes from metro St.-Henri!Both times we were seated quickly and the waiter was very friendly and accommodating. When you read the menu it seems like your standard breakfast place, but once you get your plate you are in for a pleasant surprise! On the Sunday I ordered a "Sandwich Oeuf Deluxe" for which you could choose the bread, and I chose their home-made bagels. DE-LI-CIOUS! On the week end they also have specials, and my friend and I shared the lemon crepes. They were super thin and the lemon creme was just to die for. We also got a small complementary, fresh orange juice (yum!) and some fruit with our order! And on top of all of this deliciousness, the food was beautifully arranged, it makes you want to jump right in (see pictures).They also have a small patio in the back (which we didn't use though) but it seems like a lovely place to have breakfast in the summer.All in all, I can highly recommend this little gem, also because you pay very little money for the exceptional yumminess that you are getting.I would say we would go back, but oh well, we already did. And we will continue to do so!
5	This cafe spot has the most amazing breakfast food ever.  Their food had just the right amount of spices and portion size was perfectly.  Coffee is amazing, strong and smooth with no bad after taste.  Everyone there are extremely friendly.  It's all about amazing food!  I'd go there every time I go to Montreal.  Can't go to Montreal without coming here!!!
4	Pretty good breakfast. Nothing particularly delicious but a yummy meal with a decent price. The potatoes are little crispy chip bites, very good. Bacon deliciously crispy. Some things seemed over-salted (like the sausage and the taters) but in general it was good. The owner is very friendly and helpful and really emits the 'neighbourly' vibe. I like that. I will be going back. Oh yeah!! They make homemade bagels that are delicious!!!!
5	I decided to go this place because I needed something close to the metro station and I liked the reviews that were posted on Yelp. I honestly never imagined I would be so pleased. I normally don't give 5 stars the first time I visit a restaurant, but I am making an exception because this place is absolutely great. The owners go out of their way to be nice to you and you can really tell they love this place.They also make different specials to keep everyone interested and coming back to try new things. They also try to cook everything themselves in the restaurant. That means even peameal bacon and their own sausages. Yeap, you read correctly! Homemade amazing sausages! There are also homemade bagels. They are a mix between Montreal and New York style and a must try!I am glad we found this hidden gem. I intend to come back and also bring some friends. Delicious meals and great service is all you need for a perfect brunch!
5	This is, without a doubt, my favorite breakfast/brunch joint in St Henri.I could speak volumes about the different and elaborate (but decently priced) breakfasts I've had here but it's far easier for me to just tell you that you need to eat here. Also, EVERYTHING is homemade.Eat the everything bagel- it does things to you. *quivers*Saying the service is good is an understatement given that with time the owners have made my partner, my friends and I feel like old friends coming over for a meal. Going to Baci's is like as if my parents miraculously both went to culinary school, lovingly remarried, and invited me over. No joke.Word to the wise: call in advance to make sure there's room (it's pretty tiny) and the place is open.
