5	I contacted Susan at SeaBlu because a coworker referred me to her.  I have always maintained my pool myself and always had a clean, clear pool.  However after the first dust storm hit the valley, my pool went from cloudy to brown to green in two days and nothing I tried worked.  It was one of the most frustrating times a "do-it-yourselfer" could experience.  I called Susan, she was out at the house within a few hours and immediately got my pool under control.  She treated it that day, came back the next day to treat it again and educated me on what was going on the whole time.  In a few days, my pool reversed course going from green to cloudy and finally crystal clear.  Her knowledge of the issues and prompt service were outstanding and I was totally satisfied with the outcome. Rates are fair and communication was excellent.  Highly recommend her and SeaBlu to anyone that needs emergency help or just weekly maintenance.  Thanks for reading-hope this was helpful.Craig K
5	We hired Seablu after interviewing several companies around the valley. Susan's communication and attention to detail set her company ahead of the rest. Our pool looks fantastic and the pricing is perfect for the area. If you want personal pool service tailored to your needs, call Seablu!
1	I just got off the phone with Seablu and I was surprised at her demeanor. She was short, rude, and unprofessional. I was disappointed because the other reviews made me want to hire her, but after talking to her I thought differently.I asked for an estimate and she said she would come by the house on Monday. I told her I worked and she asked if she could let herself in. I was not comfortable making that decision since I hadn't finished comparing other companies and wanted to find one that could come when I was home. I asked if we could call her back after we talked about it and compared and she responded, "how can you compare them with me if I haven't even given you an estimate?" Her tone was harsh and demeaning. I was so surprised that a highly-rated service could speak like that to customers. We are choosing not to go with Seablu based on their customer service alone.
5	After having the same person for over 8 years, I was nervous about needing a new pool person. I was referred to Susan by another company that got great reviews but I was outside their area. She is so knowledgeable, easygoing and a hard worker! Within one visit she solved a problem we'd been struggling with since we moved in with a super inexpensive solution! I don't have to worry about my pool other than adding water occasionally. She is dependable, fair, doesn't nickle & dime you or sell you things you don't need. I'm so grateful we have her servicing our pool!
1	Susan started out great and helped with my green pool problem.  Then she stopped coming and did not return my calls or texts.  I paid Susan for a month, and possibly a month and a half for which I got no service.  When I asked for my money back I did not get a reply.
1	I had the same problem as another Yelper.  Susan started out awesome, our pool was crystal clear and she was cleaning it weekly.  I noticed a problem around the beginning of August with Algae growing and let her know. After some research, i learned that algae growth is likely from the pool no longer being shocked each week.  The following week, I was home when she came, she didn't bring a brush and the only thing she did was throw a few tabs into the chlorine dispenser and left!! That is not maintaining a pool.  As the algae issue grew, we went ourselves and purchased a brush to try and get the pool cleaned and let her know again the issue was there and getting worse.  At the same time the pump was not working correctly (to us - we are new homeowners and are still learning how the equip. works).  I exchanged a few text messages with Susan letting her know, she was going to come check it and she suggested she come show us how it all works to which I replied yes.  I also checked again when I got home that night and it was still not working, so I let her know and never received a response and no one ever came to look at it.  The following week, the same problem.  No one had been to the house to clean the pool, so I texted her letting her know I wanted at least half of my money back for August since they had not done their job.  No response.  The next day I went to put in tablets that I purchased and noticed that someone had been to  our house and put tablets in - but again didn't do anything else.  No one even showed up the last week of the month.  I have yet to receive my refund, and I will be going to the authorities at this point.  I would not recommend at all.  We are now having to pay someone to come clean our pool, do an entire re-evaluation of the equipment and fix the leak on the pump that was supposed to have been fixed by Seablu twice already.
