5	Do you have a dog that you love like your child?  I do and that's why I take my Shih-Tzu to Rick at Barks and Bubbles every six weeks to get his hair done...I mean, groomed!  Rick used to work for another grooming company, but, just like when you find a good hair stylist, I followed Rick when he started his own shop.  And, what a great little shop it is.  Not only is it in my neighborhood, but it's clean and the staff is super-friendly.   Rick knows my dog, Marley, so well after at least two years of grooming him that I know Marley will always look spiffy when he's done with his appointment, sporting a new bandanna every time I pick him up.  If your canine needs a cut, this is the place for you!
5	Great service such nice caring guys, great with my dog . Love the thank you card , will keep coming back
5	Very friendly people who truly care about your pet.  A bath, brush and trim for a medium dog is $37 which is reasonable for the area but exceptional for the customer service they put on top of that... they even send a follow up thank you note.   I'm so happy we found this place, it's a gem!
5	I brought my dog to vegas and boarded her at a doggy daycare nearby and decided to get her cleaned here before she came home. I was so lucky to find this place. Its not located right next to the strip but its only about 10 mins away from our hotel. I took my border collie here and she came back cleaner than I could ever make her. I also loved the haircut. The owner is super sweet which you can tell through the phone. Will be coming back!!
5	We tried this place because it's in our neighborhood and it had good reviews on Yelp.  We certainly found out why the reviews are good!  Phillip was our groomer.  He really took the time to find out exactly what we wanted our pup's cut to look like. Our dog is a little skittish around new people, but he took to Philip pretty quickly.  They are very reasonable.  They charge by dog size.  We have a Pomeranian and it was $39 for a full service. (shampoo, conditioner, cut, nail grinding, anal glands expressed).  They were also pretty quick.  We are used to waiting 3-4 hours for the grooming and they were done in 1 1/2 hours. Philip checked in with us before we paid to make sure the cut was all right and offered to do any touch ups we wanted.  Cooper looks so cute!!! We will be using this place from now on!  (Don't be nervous that they don't have a website...they just aren't that tech savvy.)
5	The friendly folks who work here are super nice and took very good care of my dog!  The price, as well as the customer service is superb and I will be coming back monthly for Bailey's grooming needs.  They also paint nails, which is a huge plus in my book!  I recommend this place to anyone with dogs!
5	Did a wonderful job on both our dogs! The cuts were perfect, coats shiny, friendly staff, and done in a timely fashion. They are the best service we have found yet.
4	I recently relocated to this area and found this place by chance when I needed some gas. My shi tzu was in serious need of a haircut and a serious grooming, her hair was a hot mess. I honestly didn't think that she would come home looking as stellar as she did. Her coat was so soft and shiny, and her teddy bear cut around her face was perfect. Great customer service, and a local business I will continue to support.
5	If you want a great cut, friendly service, and a happy pet -- see Sean! I met him when he worked at Puppy Enterprise and followed him to his new location Barks and Bubbles. When I pick up my two dogs, a silky terrier and a toy poodle mix they always look terrific and are happy!
5	I have 3 dogs and took them all to Barks n bubbles, had a great experience from the moment i got helped out of my car, to picking the kids up. Friendly place, great cuts and baths. would go back in a heart beat. loved the place. Only place where my kids haven't gone crazy trying to get out of.
5	I took my friends dog here a few times while I was dog sitting and absolutely LOVED the service. They did a great job at a great price. Now that I have a pooch of my own I will definitely be taking her there!
5	Got my pup in 10 mins after I called to check for appointments. :) The receptionist was ok, wasn't greeted right away but it may be cause I'm short and couldn't been seen over their counter. But the owner Rick and groomer Francesca (sorry, I think that's her name) was very nice, welcoming and did an amazing job!! I will be back in a few weeks.
5	First I'm sorry the one yelper had a bad experience. I find it shocking since Rick has taken care of my Thaisun forever. We have followed him to different spots. We are so proud and excited he has his own spot. He is so carrying and has always been great about any haircut changes. He is a apart of our family. He carries my now old man to the car so how could he not be.
5	Charles is AWESOME! My Chihuahua's Louie & Chloe LOVE it here & they LOVE Charles! (and they hate going ANYWHERE!) Thanks for being so amazing!
1	Been going to this place since I moved to Vegas about a year ago. No More. Receptionist is an absolute bitch! I am always in a good mood and when I walk into a place I expect to be greeting with a warmly with a smile. If you do not have a sense of humor, don't reception! I was going to let it go.... Then my dog was afraid to go to the back grooming area. He has never done that, EVER, nor anywhere I have taken him in the past. They forcefully pulled him back by his leash instead of picking him up. Though the owner apologized, I walked out with my dog because her actions are a direct reflection of the business. If it is okay for someone to be rude to a customer no matter what, then how are the dogs treated when the owner is not there???Also if you check the BBB site, you will find that this company actually lost someone's dog.... YES, LOST! They carelessly let someone's dog run out the back door and the dog is gone! GONE! The poor woman. If you care about you pet, I would not go here.
5	The first time I took my dog to get groomed here, I had no problems whatsoever with the service or with the result. Normally, that would be a four star review for me. But what really impressed be about this company is that I received in the mail a thank you card a few days after my pet service. It showed that they actually gave a damn about the dogs and really wanted to try to create repeat business. I will definitely be going back here more often!
5	Grooming our 120 lb. Bernese Mountain Dog is no easy task but Roxan did an outstanding job!!! The best he has ever been groomed. We love Rick the owner he loves animals and treats them all like his own. We no longer live in Vegas but when we come to visit Barks and Bubbles is a must stop for us.
3	Took my dog to get groomed at barks & bubbles for the first time. I loved the outcome, and they put a cute bandana on him. He looked like a complete different dog!  And also they gave me 15% off as a recommendation. The only thing is he came home with a clipper burn on his testicles, which really sucks. A week later and he's still hurting.
5	Today we had a 1pm apt for our Pomeranian Jack to get a hair cut they did a great job we wanted a lion cut and had a picture because I didn't want his main to be cut short. Rick did the hair cut exactly like the picture. I feel like the prices are good for what the work they do. both times we have taken Jack here they have gotten us in same day or the next day. We will see you when he is ready for his next cut.https://fbcdn-sphotos-e-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xfp1/t1.0-9/997060_10204731617437009_2908204757349336837_n.jpg
4	First time here..it was a great experience for my dog and for me as a customer. Will never go to back to a corporate chain.My dog, Lucy, looks great and defenetely comfortable with this place and the staff. Fran did a great job with Lucy. We will defenetely go back soon!!!
4	We had our first appointment today for our English Lab. We called earlier today and they were more than accommodating and fit us in at 1:00 pm. We were met at the door and welcomed warmly. The appointment took about 2 1/2 hours for a bath and nail trimming. We were very pleased with everything and highly recommend them. Thank you!
1	I am extremely disappointed with the service. Both of my dogs are poodles and were not cut correctly.  My dogs have been to this groomer at least 4 times and they did not follow the notes from the last 3 visits.  Both dogs no longer have full ears, the groomer cut the ears too short and trimmed down the top knot so now they have flat heads.  They did not follow the Mohawk for my male dog and completely trimmed it down to nothing but a flat head and small line down the base of his back.  I spoke with one of the owners who mentioned he didn't know what he can do to help me, Really???! ! ! Never going to this place again the owner offered no money back and told us to request a groomer so the other groomers don't mess up!
5	I took my dog to get a cut and the man who greeted me at the door was very welcoming. He introduced me to the groomer, who sat down with me to discuss what I wanted to get done. I was happy with the cut and service.  I will definitely be going back again :)
5	Great job with my huge matted stray I took in. No problems, came back clean and well trimmed. Super friendly almost "down home" aura about the place. All in all zero complaints. Thank you guys again for suck a great job with Hank-
