5	We LOVE yogurt ranch!  They just opened up by our house and we went the other day for the first time.  The vanilla (made with stevia) is DE-LISH and guilt-free so I can get my fro-yo more than once a week (if I need to).  My boyfriend and I have tried all the competitors (I'm not going to name names) and really like this shop because of it's natural ingredients and the friendly staff.  I never have a bad experience and the toppings are always fresh and yummy.  The other guys leave their toppings in big chunks and it's gross but these guys have nailed it, it's now are weekly routine!  Plus it's less expensive than the other guys so that's another win in my book!
5	So excited to have a self-serve yogurt shop close to our house, and it's friendly and yummy to boot (get  it, boot...ranch..nevermind).My family and I have been there twice now and have not been disappointed. Today though, I got to try the honeydew melon mixed with vanilla bean and it was divine. Topped with some fresh fruit and my favorite, cheesecake bites, and it was a perfect afternoon snack.My daughter had no complaints with any of the goodies to top hers and my husband loved the cake batter yogurt.Just one request, if they had the little mochi candies, my life would be complete. :)Oh and they also have a little robotic riding horse  for the  kids (like  little kids, not big stinky teenage boys who recently broke it apparently). It's free and so cute. Goes perfectly with all the ranch-style decorations.
4	The frozen yogurt here is pretty tasty. i had the tart peach which is delicious and topped it with strawberries and blueberries. Tasted really refreshing and hit the spot for my cravings. The only thing for me is that there is a small selection. I'm used to self serve yogurt places with 10 or more flavors but here there isn't quite so many. Besides that, the yogurt here is yum yum yummy! :)
5	The wife and I love going out and getting frozen yogurt and with this place right down the street from us its perfect. Love the decor, flavors and the toppings. going back soon!
4	So glad there is finally a self-serve yogurt establishment close by! (Then again it has been pretty dangerous since it is in walking distance to my apartment!)While they may not have as many flavor options as compared to the other self-serve places I frequent but the flavors they have are ALWAYS great! It's not like the base flavor really matters anyway :) It's all about the fixin's and they've got all that you need right there!If you're waiting for your favorite flavors don't forget to sign up for the text updates which will tell you their current flavors almost daily!The only drawback is the limited seating. I've been there a few times where I had to stand around for the 2 minutes while I devoured my concoction, but it's almost always worth the inconvenience!
4	Nice to have something out in the east valley.....fun for the kids and good.
5	If you are an ice cream connoisseur like myself then this place is a must! The variety of flavors and concoctions that these two ladies come up with are ridiculously good! You won't find them at any other self serve yogurt because they are basically branded and franchised, where Yogurt Ranch is locally owned. The irish mint here is definitely my favorite and keeps me coming back. I love how their flavors are homemade and changing almost weekly with another delicious flavor! Plus they use stevia as a sweetener for most of their ice cream...huge bonus from me for that.
2	Meh is a perfect descriptive word for this place.  Unfortunately, its the closest fro-yo place to my house so I've actually been here around 4-5 times in the past year.  I usually just come for the Original tart flavor to satisfy my craving; but the flavors are typically limited and not appealing.  I would recommend they bring back a good fruit flavor- strawberry was good and peace- pretty decent as well.  Last time I went in though, the original tart had somehow blended with tart-cherry which was the 2nd flavor in the machine and came out pink= not cool.  I got nutella flavor instead, which wasn't bad, but I've had better chocolate flavors elsewhere...  Then... GASP!  The mochi, my favorite topping in the world (which they only recently have available) was like rock-solid.  Also not cool; it might be a good idea to switch the containers out or not-fill them as full so they get stale so quickly. Overall, I might give the place another chance since it's so close to my house but please bring back strawberry!
3	Frozen yogurt places usually deliver, but this one might be the one exception. But hey, it's close to where I live, so I can't complain. I think the most disappointing part of this place is the lack of flavors and the lack of freshness in their toppings which can totally ruin your experience. The mochi was hard as a rock, so I'm sorry but I can't give it more than three stars.
4	Peach has returned!   I came in today and to my surprise, there was Peach flavor! Yay!  They also had banana, one of my other favorite yogurt flavors.  The consistency was thicker than I remember from my last visit, which I approve as well, noone likes runny, melted froyo...  I am a fro-yo fan for real, and Yogurt Ranch, great improvement since my last time in!
5	I love this place and can't get enough!
4	This cute western themed yogurt place is right across the street from our apartment complex, so we often load our two toddlers up in the wagon, and take a little ride to get a treat! It's a small place with only 6 or so (i forgot exactly) flavors at a time, but they change them up quite right before you start getting bored. If you sign up for their text messages they'll text you whenever they have a new flavor or a deal going on. Don't worry, they don't text enough to blow up your phone or anything. They also have coloring papers and crayons for the kids to doodle on, while us parents enjoy our frozen treat! It's the small things like this that really make a difference to me!They do per oz, and I think it's about the same as any other place, and the selection of toppings is pretty good too. We like it here!
3	Probably one of the better yogurt places in Mesa. I think as far as the simple flavors the vanilla goes- tastes like a Mcdonalds vanilla shake. The chocolate is also good. They had a flavor once that was Mango- I liked that one a lot. Other than that, the other varieties of flavors are alright. They do try though. One time there was a bacon flavor (disgusting), the red velvet seems to be a popular one. Another flavor I like is the Orange Cream flavor. They also have a blueberry that is pretty good. Some of the yogurt is sweetened with stevia which is nice. Really the only flavors I get at this place are the chocolate and vanilla, and MAYBE sometimes one of the new flavors. Wish they had more variety, some are not up to par. Although, they do have dairy free, sugar free, and gluten free options, definitely something to check out for those of you with dietary restrictions. As far as the toppings go, nothing too special but they are good/standard. They keep the area clean and the toppings are always being 'topped' off. I will have to admit I do like the cereal topping varieties, captain crunch, fruity pebbles, the good stuff. The outdoor seating is nice along the side, its a good place to eat yogurt, hang out with the dog. Unfortunately this is a smoking area so there are some people who like to smoke and eat frozen yogurt which is not pleasant for innocent bystanders.  Good yogurt and toppings for the most part, wish there was more variety. they also have a frequent yogurt shopper program or whatever you want to call it. Just give them your name when you are paying and they will keep track for ya!
5	This is the first frozen yogurt place my brother and I could find (locally) so we gave it a try!  Both of us did some self serve concoctions. I got a vanilla, chocolate, cheesecake bite, raspberry fruit topped yogurt and he did a mango, vanilla, sprinkle, (and some other toppings) covered yogurt. We rung up and it was reasonably priced for our two bowls. They also signed us up for their customer card where you tell them your name and get points for future purchases.
4	Holy yogurt!! This place has a lot of froyo options to choose from...but if I may offer a suggestion, the cake batter is the absolute BEST. I made the mistake of getting something other than that the first time I visited here...and it was a sad sad day in yogurt heaven for me. Trust me, stick with the cake batter.The only (and yes, really the ONLY) thing I would add to this place is a larger selection of toppings. They have a lot of candy options, but I prefer nuts and fruit and somewhat healthier options. I have to balance it all out, you know? This is a pay by the ounce kind of do it yourself froyo, so careful with the heavier toppings. Definitely worth checking out.Let me say it one last time. Cake Batter. Get it.
1	I liked the flavor assortment but I don't like stevia and I think the yogurt is grainy and not smooth
5	Great Selection, good wuality. Very Affordable!
