5	The pad thai here was once a staple of mine, getting it at least a couple times a month. Now that I live in Seattle it's a must-go on every trip to the area.The have a great lunch buffet for combos during weekdays for $5-6, but the prices are always pretty good. The decor is plain but you don't go here for ambiance, you go for the 200 options on the menu, the awesome fake meats and the great price.
2	Colloquially, this place is referred to as "Sketch Veg".I've visited about twice and was completely confused both times. The food seems to be missing _something_: a spice, love, freshness - I'm not sure what it is but I know that the plaza is in dire need of a flavourful vegetarian spot.
4	Having both eaten in this restaurant and ordered takeout from it, I have to say that I am so far impressed with the quality of food and service.This restaurant doesn't serve only vegetarian food - some dishes come with meat in them, and some can have it added. I personally found that my food was fresh and well prepared.The service was also very friendly and the prices were reasonable for the amount of food that you get. If you order your food by phone, you won't have to wait long to pick it up. It can be ready in as little as 10 to 15 minutes
5	I love this place. Great for eating in or taking out. Lunch is a great price and a good variety, but empties out fast.What keeps me coming back? Best pad thai I've ever had, hands down. They'll spice it up or down depending on your tolerance. I've only ever gone up to three scoops, but have known other to push to six.
3	I say to those who doubt that Vegetarian food can be tasty! Try the Vegetarian Fastfood Restaurant if you don't like it, well you ordered the wrong meal.The Pad Thai is superb!
5	Veggie chicken, ham, fish. The list is never ending. Quick service, too. The food is delicious, so is the price. The decor in this resto may say bland, but the food most defiantly does not. Everything i have had on the menu has been overwhelmingly satisfying. I am a big fan of the rice paper rolls, they come with a peanut sauce that is delectable. Their pad thai is amazing too. I've never been accompanied to the restaurant with someone eating off the non veg menu, but there is quite a selection.This place is a gem hidden within the university plaza
3	I came here twice. Both times I had their lunch combos. Both times were really mediocre, but still the cheapest option on the plaza. I would recommend getting take out since they serve a little more food that way. However, I have yet to try their pad thai. I suppose their regular dishes are tastier.
3	Vegetarian Fastfood Restaurant's name is a misnomer as there are many meat dishes on the menu, as well the expected vegetarian fare. The food seems to have mostly a Thai/Asian theme, but to be honest I didn't go over the menu too carefully. I was here with a vegetarian friend who counts this among her favourite restaurants in KW, so I was ready to be impressed.I'm not a vegetarian, but when in Rome...  they have an unbelievable (to me) number of vegetarian "meats". As another review pointed out they have vegetarian ham, chicken, fish, and more. I had the vegetarian Pad Thai and my companion had the vegetarian ham, which is a slice of heaven for her. My Pad Thai was quite good, I honestly didn't miss the meat... OK maybe the shrimp a little. I managed to sneak a piece of ham off my friend's plate, and I was really impressed; tasted just like ham.The restaurant itself was not very impressive. The interior is very basic, and a bit shabby. The table we sat at looked clean, but was sticky. The utensils were dirty too, and I had to get another set brought to our table. Just because a restaurant is located in a student neighbourhood doesn't mean it can't be clean. I'd recommend take out, unless you're killing time in the area.
5	After having traveled far and wide, Vegetarian Fastfood has to be my favourite restaurant in the entire world. The quality of the service, the friendly smile that receives you and the unparalled dishes make this restaurant always be on the top of my list! If you haven't tried the Pad Thai (which is unlike any other) and the chicpea with tofu in curry sauce dishes then you are really missing out!
4	Currently sick and eating their congee with vegetarian chicken. Coming from a very Asian-influenced town, vegetarian restaurants of this kind are nothing new to me. In fact, I adore places like these as they are usually Buddhist based and very Zen. The prices are pretty great for what you get. I ordered a soup (4.50) and a congee (5.50) for take-out and they both came in those large, Styrofoam soup containers. Excellent for anyone missing Chinese home-cooking or for anyone who is under the weather and needing something not too heavy and easy to digest.The service was fast. I placed my order, paid, and stepped out to buy a cake from the nearby Marble Slab. When I came back, they were just putting it in the bags and I was good to go. And the people there were very nice and they didn't need to do much really, but I could tell they were willing to do all they can provide good service.Super sketch interior, of course. But I have this mindset that the sketchiest places are often where the real gems are. This place just proves me right! Come in with an open mind and you will like it, I promise. Will definitely be coming back.
4	Good lunch. Although the pad Thai isn't very authentic, I like it a lot :)
4	Yummm. I'm really regretting not trying this place earlier in my university career. I guess the name and storefront just don't look that appealing. After seeing good reviews on Yelp, I decided to give it a try.I really like their pad thai with tofu and veggie chicken. It's not like any other pad thai I've ever had, so I assume it's not very authentic (or is it?... who cares?!) The sauce is more piquant like curry and has a red colour. The dish doest come with the standard pad thai accompaniments. Bean sprouts and peanuts along with some pieces of green pepper and celery.They have an enormous menu, and it would take a very long time to try everything. Most of the menu is vegetarian (with soy/fake meats), but they do have a page of non-vegetarian options for the carnivores among us.Overall, I think this is great food (especially the pad thai) on a student budget. Much better than you'd get on campus. Over the few weeks after discovering this place, I'll admit I've gotten takeout 3 or 4 times. agh.
