2	Very large menu!  Confusing location.  The bar/restaurant is located in a strip mall, and the entrance is on the backside, inconvenient for a driver trying to figure out where to park.  There is an indoor outdoor section, as well as a traditional indoor section.  The "outdoor" section is lit up with strings of lights and palm trees.  The bar, despite multiple attempts, fails to deliver.  I live so close I can walk, but I'd rather drive an hour away for better service and a decent crowd.  I have been there on several Saturdays since it has opened, and I'm sad to say there were never more then 10 people there.  The special cocktails on the menu are pretty tasty, but it's not enough.  The huge menu is over-whelming, but the food is very good.  There are multiple tv's with different sporting events featured on each television.  The bar really has great potential, but they need to advertise better, open a more convenient entrance on the 'rear' side of the building, and bring some people in if they ever expect to stay in business.
4	I have been to this McDuffy's quite a few times. They are solid. Waitresses are nice, bartenders are nice, the owner is always more than happy to chat with the customers. I have had most of the items on the menu. I liked all of them except for the turkey avocado wrap, but thats my fault because I dont usually like wraps, what was I thinking?Anyway, cerveza, good service and good food. No complains. I encourage anyone to try it out.
5	Yet another place that carries great beer!  Yay! Also great happy hour prices $2.50 pints! Wow! Okay so tonight I had the wings which were yummy, but what totally blew me away were the double decker sliders! OMG! Huge and yummy! Try this place out it's pretty laid back, cheap beer good food, what else do you need!!
4	Went back to McDuffies tonight to watch the NFL draft.  Had a blast drinking the craft beer of the month, watching the draft & BONUS! they have just added OTB!!! Come on horse #5!!! Momma needs a new purse!.  Ok so I only bet on a few horses, but it was fun!!!  Great prices, televisions everywhere, fairly good food and a comfortable atmosphere.  Worth a shot when your in the neighborhood.
4	Good place, nice patio, good environment. If you get wings, make sure to count them - we ordered a dozen and got 10 1/2 - yes - 1/2! They made up for it and gave us 6 more. Overall good place, worth a try.
4	We used a coupon from Restaurant.com, and McDuffy's allowed alcohol to be used with the coupon, which was a huge plus. I enjoyed this place.. the happy hour menu is great and the food was very tasty. The service was okay..it wasn't horrible but it wasn't fantastic. I would definitely return here for some drinks and good food. The only negative thing is they don't serve pitchers of beer =| just pints/glasses.
1	Service is okay, sometimes you'll get ignored forever...   However food is always the same.    It's about the same quality of mcdonalds across the street.   I've been there atleast 6 times in the last year and tried all different things and haven't found a single thing that is worth it. You're better off going somewhere else.
2	I've been there twice now.  The food is decent, like those tacos!  But the service...SLOW!!   Most of the TVs are on OTB, which is not bad, but I'd like to see more then one game to watch.  I probably won't be back, although the Friday Fish Fry sounds tempting...
3	It's a good bar to hang out in and have a couple beers. Good beer prices and I love that they have NTN trivia. I usually just have some beers but I have eaten there a couple times and the food is actually pretty good bar food. There are always a lot of guys in there betting on horses and hanging. I'd give it 4 stars but in reality it's your average neighborhood bar to hang out in and nothing special. I like it.
5	What's not to love? Great food, always something good on one of the zillion HD TV's and the staff rocks. Everything I've eaten has been great. Get the chicken chimi's you will not be let down! Also the chili is bomb! What else do you need to know? Great drink specials. Every sport (NFL Sunday Ticket!) you want to watch including the big fights. They even have a free shuttle service if you've enjoyed yourself too much. (or just enough!)
4	I live within walking distance to this resturant and myself and my family have gone there at least a dozen times over the past few years. It's great food with great entertainment on the numerous TVs around the resturant plus the video games here and there through out the resturant is an added bonus. Only a few times have we been disappointed by the wait staff but all in all we've been happy with the service overall and the food.
3	Its not a bad rendition of the original spot on Ash in Tempe (I think the old owners might've sold out or kicked the bucket), but this place did the trick. Was out cruising some property out in the boonies and stumbled in for the last part of happy hour and had a pretty good time. The Coyotes were playing Detroit and I made a few bucks on some quinellas at Hollywood Park, which paid for my (so-so) hot wings and beer. Its nowhere close to what that original location was, with the Bash on Ash and all that college town vibe, but still, I might be back.
3	In a nutshell, McDuffy's has cheap draft beer, cheap bar food that will make you reach for the TUMS but as a local bar goes, it has it's perks, like Off Track Betting. Great if you live in the area or are close by.
1	I rarely rate anything 1 star. So I promise, this is not an exageration. It was really just this bad. I see that some other people have had the same experience so I would think twice about coming here. Don't say you haven't been warned! As some others, we came here to watch the fights. It's free, there's lots of seating, generous parking, and they had a pretty good menu. There weren't too many people and a lot of staff, so naturally, we thought service would be prompt and friendly. Not so much. We waited for everything. For a waitress. For the drinks we ordered. For the napkin I asked for. For the menus so we could order. For the waitress to come back to TAKE the order. By the time we placed the order, we just ordered 2 more beers each since our glasses had been empty...during a 3 hour fight...for about 15-20 minutes. Now if servers were walking around serving people, taking orders, delivering food, etc. then I could understand. But the waitresses were literally standing in the corner, 2 or 3 or 4 at a time just hanging out and chatting while we waited to flag someone down to get a refill! So wait. I am getting to the best (or worst?) part. We ordered food. Should be a pretty easy task. I kept it simple so I thought and requested a burger. Medium to medium plus please. Just no blood, I said. With a smile. So after waiting (we had gotten used to this) my boyfriend got his food. I was still waiting and then my burger came. On a soggy, wet bun. Not done. Red and bloody. EKkk. Ok, no big deal. With a smile again, I asked if they could just cook it a little longer. The cook (who the manager told me was "new") microwaved the burger, lettuce and all,  through it back on the same soggy disgusting bun, and then served it to me! The outside was tough and charred, the inside, you guessed it. Still red. Lettuce now wilted. My boyfriend ended up asking our waitress if SHE would eat that, to which she made a grossed out face and said Absolutley not! This story basically ends like this. Manager comes over, appologizes, does not offer to take the food off my bill but I had to ask. She asked if I wanted something else and by then, the fights were almost over and we were definitely over this place. It's just too bad that this was my first experience here. I'm sure they probably don't screw up that bad every time, but for me, one time is all I care to risk.
4	McDuffy's is my hang out...just like Cheers... Everyone knows your name!!! Service is great... Never waiting on a beer...food is great....grilled honey chipotle wings....burgers....sandwiches.... All salad dressings are home made.... Nachos are huge.... Kudos to all the staff!!! You are all awesome!!!!
2	It's ok. The beer prices are decent and it's cool that you can bet on horses. My biggest complaint was that the men's bathroom was filthy and disgusting, even for a sports bar!
3	This bar was alright. We went with friends to watch a UFC fight, not my idea. The bar is newer and in a nice shopping center, but a total dive inside.There are two sides, the indoor, and the "outdoor" area, which is sort of indoors. Basically it's a room with bars instead of windows, so it's sort of open, but still a closed off room, if that makes sense. Anyway, it was hot out there, inside there is air conditioning, but not out there. People can smoke cigarettes in that room since it's "outside." That room also contains a pool table, dartboard, arcade games, and a poker table.Our waitress was on top of it all night. The drinks were cheap, we had five drinks for $22. The bathrooms were pretty clean for a dive bar, much better than I had expected.
