5	Real Foods has everthing you need for that tricky recipie with the unusual ingredient that you never get round to making because the supermarket will not have that unusual ingredient. It's a good place to check the small ads for a flatshare.
4	I can never resist health food shops...it's the exotic smells, plethora of colour and all round unusual food stuffs.I am a little biased, though, as I'm a sucker for liquorice. Real Foods sells this addictive treat in abundance. Red liquorice, liquorice flap jacks, plain liquorice. it's all here and waiting to be devoured and I should know as I've bought nearly a tonne from here.Enough of my rant, they sell a vast array of dried fruits, herbs, and rare cooking ingredients. Plenty to ponder over and with plenty of bargains too. An all round comprehensive health food shop.
4	The first thing I noted about this extravaganza of health is that they have every single tea variety you could ever wish to sample. I perused the different flavours for ages, pondering whether cherry and cinnamon would taste nice in tea form, and whether the way to judge the best tea was by selecting the box with the best design or brightest colour. Anyway, if you're looking for herbal tea yumminess, then you've certainly come to the right place.Real Foods was bigger than I thought it would be, with lots of shelves, so I was like a small child on their first trip to the supermarket, prodding at items I'd never seen before and stopping every two seconds to read about the health benefits of wheat free pasta and flax seed oil. There were loads of little bags of potions and seeds and natural oh-so-good for you groceries, plus big sacks of oats that I actually had the urge to dive into. If you're veggie, or vegan, and want organic and fair trade goods galore, you're laughing with the selection in here. I've always been interested in knowing what food is good for you and why, as I often chomp things and think in terms of calories, rather than considering health and vitamin content. One of the girls that works here went out of her way to chat to me for ages about what to use on your skin and what to eat to benefit it to the max, despite the fact the shop was super busy and she probably had loads to do, so I appreciated the effort. Get in here immediately if your body is demanding a detox.
4	Real Foods is a true health food shop, not just shelves upon shelves of supplements a dietary products.  The fruti and vegatables in here are all organic, locally sourced and look far tastier, larger and fresher than what you can find in the supermarket.  It has a great variety of muesli and porridge to choose with as well as local dairy products, including some of the biggest eggs I have ever seen.  The shop feels clean and fresh inside (in keeping with the produce it sells) and the staff are friendly and knowledgeable.  One of the most impressive features of this place is its selection of healthy fast food in the way of pasta dishes, pasties and stovies.  The only downside of this place is that some of it is quite expensive, but the quality is undoubtable.
4	If you're on a health kick, then Real Foods will be the first place on your list for the weekly shop. They have an excellent range of natural foods from cereals and breads to treats for those with a sweet tooth. For some reason, I always feel healthier just for walking into a health food shop regardless if I leave with anything or not.On a recent visit I left with a bag of dried apples and a box of rose flavoured tea bags which are absolutely delicious!As you would expect, due to the products being natural and most of them organic, the prices aren't exactly cheap but rather than being a rip off, I would say that most of the prices are reasonable and won't break the bank either.The staff are very friendly and there's always plenty of them floating around if you need help or assistance with anything.
5	I am absolutely enamored with Real Foods, and as it's literally a little tunnel trip from my street, so I've no excuse to go elsewhere (less healthy..) now.I'm a big fan of Jason body products and had painstakingly ordered their body lotions online or through some other healthstores; I felt a little silly when I discovered a well stocked Jason shelf over there. Moreso, the prices aren't bad at all.Apart from a dizzying range of natural and organic body products, this store mainly sells food, snacks, fruits and vegetables of the more wholesome and organic variety. If you're a fan of the Jordan Valley on Nicolson Street, you'll definitely get a kick out of this one. I'm secretly glad they're so far away from each other (this one is New Town, on Broughton Street, Jordan Valley being in Old Town) or I would have real guilt issues choosing!An issue with healthier food is that it does tend to be more expensive, but from what I saw, it's definitely not bank-breaking stuff. As long as we aren't comparing prices to Lidl, I'd highly recommend it, body and pocket-wise!
4	Lovely big branch. I think this was their first store.So many yummy things that just happen to be healthy/ ethical to boot.
5	The layout of this store is cluttered and whenever I go in I'm afraid of stumbling into something, but that's really my only criticism of the place.  The variety of food inside is impressive, the prices are reasonable and the staff are knowledgeable and extremely helpful.  Whether you have a specialist diet or you're looking for healthy options, you'll definitely find what you're looking for in this store.  They have another branch in the city which is smaller, but still good, though given the choice it is this branch I would choose to shop at.
3	There's something about that big bright green sign on the sombre, dignifed grey stone of the Georgian buildings that just draws me in like a siren. A sucker for simple advertising (green = health)? Moi?I'm a bit of a foodie, a dabbler in cooking, and am becoming increasingly health-conscious in my old (ahem) age. Gotta look after the motor. Real Foods is a slightly more up-market, with slightly more up-market price tags, purveyor of every health, organic food products, as well as beauty and household items, you can think of. Add in all the spices and raw ingredients you'd need for cooking up the most amazing spiced lentil and bean stew with quinoa tabboleh and a side of baba ganoush...Yep, Real Foods makes my brain think like that.In fact you practically feel healthier just walking into the store and breathing in the smells of mingling spices.I have to say I prefer the other branch, just off the Meadows near Tollcross, for some reason. That branch is a wee bit smaller, but it just feels a bit brighter. The layout of this store is a little weird. And whilst I'd buy all my dry ingredients here, I often find their fruit and veg to always look a little old and bruised. Great for when you need black bananas for banana bread though!Overall, though, it's a nice store with a great range of produce. Could just do with having a bit more browsing space, a less crushed register area, and fresher fruit and veg.
4	Your average joe bloggs supermarket does what it says on the tin. Places like Real Foods makes me feel like an explorer. A David Attenborough of the food shopping world. What have we found here? Bulk foods! Dried beans! Interesting flours! I am pretty confident even it's chocolate will be good for you - at least the soul. I love Real Foods. I want to buy everything here, even when I don't understand what to do with half of what it sells. Oh also it sells JASON products amongst others, but not it's delicious orange flavoured toothpaste (hint hint).
5	I love this place. I know it can be a bit expensive... but there are times where I know no other place to get the things that Real Foods offers! First-- the museli/oat mixes. In the back, they have the best oat/nut/dried fruit/whatever mixes that i love putting in my yoghurt in the morning! They always have new ones on special every week so its good to try a new one everytime you pass by! I actually really enjoy the bran flakes they do too. You can pick your amount by weight so it isn't very expensive to try it out. Second-- The spices. Even though they are in little plastic wraps(that can sometimes tear a bit easy) the selection of spices for baking/cooking is far better than the other local shops. When i have a recipe and I cant find the spice for it, or just want a little bit Real Foods is my first stop. They have everything from cinnamon, to baking soda, to popcorn! Third--- Student Discount! Do it! I suggest if you like the shop, keep your eye out at the flyer near the cash, and it shows you whats on sale during the week. That way you can plan ahead your shopping and go in the day thats the most beneficial for you :)
5	Small and limited, but I get the impression that health food markets are not big business in this part of the world.  We're used to places like Whole Foods, which is most often a full-sized supermarket with just about everything you could want.  This is more like a health food boutique.  It feels cozy and hidden, and I like it.The checker was just about the happiest and friendliest guy I've ever met!
5	Imagine a really awe-inspired little Pokemon going: "Oooohhh" with those twinkly eyes watering up and perhaps just a slight drool. That was me when they offered me healthy chocolate. HA! Healthy chocolate! I die.It's the most beautiful thing in the world, and surprisingly incredibly tasty as well. Look, I want to keep this store a secret, but I can't. I love it, I fell in love with Ben, and then with Tracey, then with wine and then with Ben again. (I think even the most self-professed heterosexual men of that evening might have felt a slight twinge in their heart towards this enthusiastic lovely man).The wines are truly amazing, and since I'm not a big meat-eater I loved the recipes based on lentils and the vegan wines, which strangely enough, did not dry out my contacts like all other spirits tend to do. Some useful information: they've got great brochures all around the stores telling you how to cook with ingredients you can't pronounce the names of, and the staff is more than happy to help you along if you get lost between the tofu and beansprouts. But all in all, this place is just so ... happy. It makes my tummy happy, it makes my liver feel happy, I think I kinda want to camp out here, for a while, and not leave. Ever.Health food store? Seriously, just call it Happy Store and get it over with. I did not see one person leaving without a massive grin on their face. *Sigh* crispy kale and chocolate. *Sigh* Pikachu out.
5	Swapping January blues for greens, we waded into Real Foods early to get in some shopping before the Yelp event.  Okay, so we cheated by getting in early, but we already love Real Foods!The Delicious Detox, however, was great for tips on re-setting the sluggish hibernation body that seems to have set in over the festive break.While the lovely Ben rates highly in terms of positive influence, Tracey was my favourite part of the evening.  It was refreshing to hear someone talk about health, nutrition and feeding your body as opposed to 'diet'.  I agree with Gillian L about the 'brainwashing'...today's healthy food options reflect just how great the DD was.I really enjoyed the event but I think what I like about Real Foods is that they are genuinely enthusiastic and knowledgeable about, well, real food.  And, perhaps revealing too much about my penchant for organisation, I actually really like the store.  It's laid out in a sensible way, so you can find what you're looking for, and they don't spend half their time re-arranging things so you have to hunt every time you go back in!My absolutely favourite find last night, however, was the 'health truffles'.  A sweet snack that is also filling and full of good energy instead of sugar....in fact, I think that's what I shall retrieve from my fridge right now....!
5	I love this place! I already knew that before this event and now I know it even more! If I was a zillionaire I would shop here every day and buy all my yummies in one go! Instead, I have to work at pacing myself. Which is why this event was perfect. We got to try several delicious foods and sip some great wine while hearing about each product. Did you know there was non-vegetarian wine? I didn't, but I found out that unique fact last night. Did you also know that you can have amazingly delicious "health truffles" that will blow your mind that they are so delicious, yet healthy for you! (at leas they told me they were healthy, I still don't believe them as they tasted too good to be healthy!) Gives a new definition to Amaze-balls. I really enjoyed Tracey's talk about health and nutrition, although when she was talking about how many people tend to skip meals and when they go hungry they go straight for the bad stuff in their kitchen...I felt like she may have been reading my diary. It was quite spot on. So, in turn she gave some great tips to take better care of your body and the food that goes into it. I think Ben was my favourite though. He reminded me of Justin Long with a constant smile on his face and it really brightened up my whole evening just to see how happy and enthusiastic he was about the products they were sharing with us. In fact, all the employees seem really excited about Real Foods and are quite knowledgeable. The lentil salad was pretty awesome as well. Will definitely be going back for some more of that!Overall, another great Yelp event with great food and company. I left with a full tummy, a fully goody bag, and a big fat smile!
5	Visited Real Foods for the first time yesterday at the Yelp event, and i loved it. It is like an Aladdin's cave of goodness. From mushroom ketchup to kelp noodles, they have it all.The healthy chocolate truffles (main ingredient being dates) were delicious AND good for you. I can't wait to make some myself.We were given a great little wine tutorial which was really interesting and tasty! The only problem i have with the shop is that i want to buy everything! It is such an inspiring place to visit and the staff are so friendly and knowledgeable. I can't wait to go back for a look around, who knows what weird and wonderful spices and products i'll leave with :)
5	Healthy food can be interesting, pretty much a thought that had NEVER crossed my mind until last night. I have never left a shop, restaurant or really anywhere and actually been excited and happy about trying to eat well?! So did I achieve something from my wee trip to real foods? Heck yes I did. That Ben chap, I want that much enthusiasm, bounce-ability (yeah, I made that up) and Chipper-ness!! If that means occasionally I have to put down my generous slab of home made chocolate brownie and have a 'healthy chocolate truffle' then so be it!The selection of treats in the Real Food shop is A-mazing!! I never even knew half of this stuff existed! The talks were interesting and informative. Although I did feel like some sort of food junkie as all the list of foods that aren't soo great for us are mentioned - thoughts in my head consisted of 'I could go some of that right now'. Overall, the staff were welcoming, helpful, very knowledgeable and friendly. A fab night all round, as always, and I left with some very lovely buys. Green split pea soup followed by yoghurt covered banana chips, count me in!
4	This was my first visit to Real Foods, the healthy deli and grocery on trendy Broughton Street, and I thought for a moment I'd been transported to somewhere in an upmarket Californian hippie town like Berkeley or Palo Alto. The range of produce is varied and high quality. The organic, veggie, wheat-and-dairy-free (etc.) stuff could be a little intimidating, especially if you're an ignorant carnivore like me, if it wasn't for for the friendly and helpful advice and assistance from Ben and Tracey. The presentations, on how making just a few small differences to your daily life can have dramatic effect on your health and wellbeing, were illuminating - I definitely feel inspired to (finally) start tackling that pesky Christimas holiday weight.This is not just a shop - this is a way of life.
5	I'd wager that this is pretty much the best place in Edinburgh to get your healthy, wholesome scran. Absolutely everything you could think of is available here, unless it contains processed sugar, trans-fats, hydrogenated badness or artificial colours and flavours. Only minor thing is that a lot of the stuff is quite expensive, but that's the price you pay when you want vegan, raw, organic food that has had no heated processing or machines abusing the ingredients. This place is a Twinkie's worst nightmare and a middle class foodie's shopping paradise. Worth a visit to feel virtuous alone. Plus, they have a really fabulous collection of tea and pulses. Get in.
5	I really like this place.The staff are friendly and always at hand, the variety of products are great and the management listen to their customers.Their prices are average but I do love their new addition of deals and sale promotions.The only down side is the fruit and vegetables as they are rather bruised and old looking and quite expensive for what's on offer.I like both stores but I do prefer the Brougham branch better, I think because of the lay out.I highly recommend a visit to either stores, they are constantly adding to their stock and always up to date on the latest health products and information :)
4	Had I written this review prior to my visit to Cardiff then Real Foods may have scored 5 stars. However, having discovered the uber stellar gluten free range at Beanfreaks in Cardiff, Real Foods scores a respectable 4 starts.This is a great shop for those who love healthy food, need special diet food, or just want to discover something new. There is a great gluten free range, including some items which are less readily available (all the big names plus more) so there is plenty of temptation to part you with your hard earned cash. Some items that are available in your local supermarket are a bit more expensive here, so I would use Real Foods as the place to pick up the rarer items, rather than stock up with the basics. It is definitely my pay day treat and the place to get my unusual Gluten Free goodies.
5	On occasion when I stay with my wee sister in Edinburgh, this is pretty much where we do our food shopping - we both have intolerances to different food groups, so its just easier than inspecting every item in a supermarket for sneaky, hidden ingredients.  And when the extra funds are available, we do our booze shopping here as well!  Nothing like a nice organic Cognac after all.  :PThis is a pretty nifty wee shop, and easy to get to (unlike similar shops in Glasgow).  The staff are friendly, helpful, and always up for a wee chat and ready to be questioned on any given product and give you advice when you need it. This is *the* place to go if you need high grade, organic and/or additive free groceries in Edinburgh.  To the average shopper, the prices may seem a bit steeper than you're used to, but ultimately its worth it to know what you're actually getting in your food.  Give it a go!
4	Real Foods is probably one of the best health food supermarkets in Edinburgh. They have 2 branches, one in Tollcross but I have only ever visited the Broughton Street one. If you are looking for foods that are organic, healthy, fairtrade or vegan - go here! Real Foods will definitely have it - after all they are Scotland's largest organic food retailer. I visited today to buy only some vitamins, and I came back with a couple of extra things (always happens). Their selection of teas is pretty impressive and it took me a while to make my decision. There was a special offer on as well which was tempting :) In the back of the shop there is a section for flours, cereals and muesli and they sell some of these in large sacks so you can e.g. ask for just 250g. The online site is very good too. It's packed with information, offers and recipes. The downside for this shop for me is the lack of space. My tip is if you do venture here, make it an early morning visit and you will have the shop for yourself :)Also the prices are a bit higher, but they do have a fantastic selection.
3	Feels a bit stuffy...A lot of interesting finds...Could use more fresh foods!
4	As we were walking by, I heard an older couple outside saying "oh this store is expensive, we can't go in there"Truth of the matter is, this store is wonderful. The prices are comparable for what you're buying and everything on offer is real, wholesome and organic. They have fresh, local fruit, veg and dairy products. There are loads of dried goods, loads of micro, macro, raw, you name it, it's probably there! On top of everything edible, they also have a huge selection of natural soaps, deodorants, toothpaste, hair dye, vitamins, etc.I know we have stores like this in Glasgow, but we need more! My life needs more community bake days and boxes of mixed veg! I loved this store!
5	37 Broughton, EH1 3JU. Full-range organic grocer. Stock up on some mineral water, dried apricots, salted hazelnuts, and a cartoon of fresh raspberries before your climb to Arthur's Seat.Emily Rose Reeder
