5	An English biker bar rockin' James Brown and pouring ice cold Harp's on tap?Sign me up.This pseudo-hipster meets Iggy Pop on a harley bar is a gem. The drink specials are a plus but the crowd can't be beat. The bartenders are super laid back and even the occasional collared Scottsdaler rolls through, making for a great blend of laid back working folks with partying outcasts. About the farthest possible thing from Axis. Five stars.
5	how could i have not yet reviewed the TT?This was the first official AZ bar I went to (legally as a 21 year old, that is to say).It was december, so they had the fire oven going, the window open, and they were playing punk rock on the juke box and skate videos on the television.. i was pretty much in love.this place is tiny! about five booths big enough for four, a two-sided bar with another...15 seats... and small room with a pool table squeezed in. i haven't been in awhile - i fell out of a lot of phx tiny spots cause they just get too smoky - but it would get hopping every friday and saturday night - like you're rubbing shoulders it's so crammed.they also have darts, and i kind of think it's real darts, not the silly plastic ones.
4	Alterna-hipster bar with one pool table and one dart board. It's small and the customers are very much regulars. It can be intimidating to newbies, but don't be scared - everyone's pretty friendly. The jukebox plays old punk and rock. The bartenders are cool. The decor is really cool. It's easy to become a regular here and once you are, it'll feel like a second home. It's a good bar to go to after a night of clubbing to wind down and get the hipster stink off you. It's also a good place to start out the evening.Parking is cramped and the video store owner next door is a cock, so don't park in his lot. I've been going there on and off for 12 years... I'd recommend it.
5	Yup, good place. Owner is nice too - if it's the same guy. Haven't been there for a while. Too far for me.
5	TT's was the first place I was ushered to in the Phoenix area. Straight from the airport to the bar. Somehow I've been transported from Portland to Phoenix but I feel like I'm in Portland. Well, other than the heat and brownness. But, I digress...TT's is a small, scant bar devoted to the motorcycle. Moto paraphernalia adorning every part of the bar with an occasional skateboard here and there. The place is cheap and fills up easily but has comfortable booths, a pool table and darts. The bar has a rather awkward shape but the two tenders do their job well and keep the cheap drinks flowing.If I lived in PHX, this would be a regular stop. Even if it is in Snottsdale.Crazy kudos for their jukebox! It had all my favorites and I felt like I was a 12 year old skate rat again....
5	Damn this place is cool. It's emo, retro, funky, angst-like, but down to earth. I think you can walk in here, and fit in pretty easy if this is what you like and is your "thang". It's not for the average Scottsdalian, but is a great place for music, drinks, and conversations in close quarters. It's quaint and reminded me of many pubs and bars in Boston. Any place that has tiny bathrooms reminds of Boston LOL!  It even has a nice gas burning fire place which with the winter cold, gives it a nice warm touch. Add to this the X-mas Lights they had up, and the decor, this place is a 5 star haven of cool. I can see myself going here again and again, and since I live close, A cab ride is the way to go, to avoid the Smokies.  I recommend this place, and if you feel you need to move around, they have darts and a pool table. It is small so check your attitude at the door, or just leave it home in the closet next to your beer muscles. I even saw a guy here that fixed my bike from Rage Cycles, (see my review on Rage) Now I really dig that place!
5	My wife and my first kiss was in the Roadhouse!  She accused me of overly thinking through things, at which point I had drank enough beers to spontaniously make out with her.  We made others uncomfortable and I had her lipstick smeared all over my face, FIVE STARS!!
4	***UPDATE***This place is hit or miss. While I LOVED my first experience here, I HATED my second (and last). The place was entirely too packed and loud. I felt like I was standing in everybody's way and couldn't really enjoy my drink or the conversation with my date. ***Wow, a bar in Scottsdale that's friendly, laid back and inviting in such a way that you never want to leave. In fact, you want to keep ordering drinks while you claim a table near the fireplace and dart board. Yes, when I got to TT Roadhouse, I didn't know what to expect. When I walked in, I saw Christmas lights, wooden benches and people gathered around the bar. These people were "real" people with tats, facial hair, unkempt hair. Some were even a bit dingy in appearance. Charming, if you ask me. I felt immediately comfortable, like I didn't have to worry about being anything but myself. I took a good look around and saw that the people here with me probably felt the same way - hence why they were there that night. Fact of the matter is, I didn't want to leave. But, considering I didn't drive, I had no choice. Yet, if I had gotten my way, I would have stayed here longer. In fact, I probably would have skipped the previous two bars and made a bee-line for TT's. I mean, this place is the closest I've come to discovering a small, cool and relaxed bar in Scottsdale. (Reminds me of neighborhood bars you'll find in Chicago.)You won't find fake blondes here, unless they're platinum blonde with plugs and mary janes. No, I don't mean to sound stereotypical. I just like how you can walk into this bar and "fit in." It doesn't matter if your shirt's the only clean-smelling one you could find in your dirty hamper or if it's the brand new one you found at your fave retailer. Whatever. S'all good here. Even better, the bartender! C'mon now. There's something romantically bizarre about a super tall man with dred locks behind the bar, overseeing the entire establishment as if he were also the security dawg. He had a "tough guy" persona. I bet, though, he's one cool mofo. In fact, he reminded me of my fave House DJ, Donald Glaude. Perhaps that's why I immediately liked him. He had that air about him, like he'd be one of the funniest people you'd ever meet. He was also quick to notice me when I went up to place my order. Earlier in the night, when my fave bar comrad and myself went to order a round for ourselves and our friends, we said, "One snakebite." Then we began to have a quick-paced convo with Bartender Glaude about what was in that mix. "Isn't it Cider?" "No, I think it's Bass." "No, maybe it's Bass and Cider." Ah, classic! One thing I did notice, though, was that when we walked in, there was no music playing. It took a good 10 minutes for anything to come on. That was a bit off-putting. But, once the tunes started, I settled into the booth by the fireplace and enjoyed my Black Velvet and a game of friendly darts.
4	TT has a British biker theme, think Triumph Motorcycle circa-1960. They have a lot of great alternative and British music on the jukebox (The Clash, Rancid.) The bartenders are the best, so friendly and sweet. Have you ever been spontaneously hugged by a bartender you've never met before? It's happened to me here. Even though the bathrooms are small, for the record, five of my friends fit in there at one time. (It actually caused quite a stir in the bar...sending one of the disbelieving male regulars over to check on us. This entertained me greatly.) There are few places like it in the Valley. Highly recommended.
3	TT is generally the type of place that I'm cuckoo for, but this joint delves too deep into the 'macabre' subdivision between edgy and strange.  Thats good.  They've got their thing going on, and they certainly don't need me dorking up their bar, but I'd like to enjoy it more, with their well-kept horseshoe bar, modest beer prices, and killer juke. I remember back in the day when TT mirrored what I'd imagine Chong's rec room to look like, complete with a very, Phil Spector inspired, 'Wall of Smoke'.  I think when this went away, I started enjoying it less, even though my contacts could only last about 30 second in that cancer sauna before they would want to commit seppuku by leaping off my eyeballs and onto the dirty floor below.This bar is very good if this is your scene.  Three if its not quite.
4	Excellent little dive bar.This is one of the least expensive places to get your buzz on in Scottsdale. The crowd seemed to be mainly locals - though a few outsiders (like me) have figured it out. The lights are low and the decor is very dated (perfect).I visited on a Friday night - which featured rum drink specials - they had a selection of tiki style drinks in massive glasses for $3 ea!I will definitely be back.
4	One of the guys down at Cycle Gear in Mesa had recommended this bar to me several weeks ago, he gave me the impression that it was a motorcycle bar of sorts, so I hopped on my bike to check it out last Friday night around 11pm.First timers take note:  This place is to easy to zip past, esp. if you're looking for it westbound off of Thomas.  Print a map or at least know the cross street name, N 68th street.Anyway, when I finally found the place and pulled into the parking lot, there was not another motorcycle in sight.  So much for it being a motorcycle bar, maybe that's on certain nights.When I stepped inside and looked around, half the (mostly female) contingent of people at the actual bar turned around and stared, I guess a motorcycle riding man is somewhat of a novelty?  I found a seat at the back side of the horseshoe bar, noticed that Guiness was on tap, so I ordered a black and tan for $4.50.  I immediately started chatting with a friendly tatooed local next to me, Megan.  We talked about restoring motorcycles & cars, and how she got into working as a female bouncer.  She told me a story of some poor guy who's forehead was actually cracked open against the wall "on accident" while she was trying to haul him out of the bar in a headlock.  That conversation ended within approx 30 seconds of me casually mentioning the fact that I had a girlfriend.   Which was OK because they had "The Big Lebowski" playing on a couple of flat screens in close captioning, and I fuckin' love that movie.Inside the TT Roadhouse there is a lot of wood, as is cellulose.  It is pretty small, and reminded me of another tiny bar, the Tiki Ti in the Los Feliz neighborhood of Los Angeles.  Only with more of a pirate/twin peaks feel.   I also noticed that there were in fact, several old timey pictures of motorcycles on the walls, hooray, I guess that makes it a motorcycle bar after all. For my second drink I asked the other bartender (i.e. not "The Predator") what he recommended from the tiki style Friday night $3 drink specials.  He was kind of an ass about it, saying "I don't recommend any of them....because I'm a guy", or some shit like that.  I let it slide and just ordered a Pabst Blue Ribbon in a can for $2.  The bar wasn't ever packed, about 2/3 full when I got there, but more people started rolling in past midnight.  The ratio was easily half male/female. If you were looking for a hookup, there were maybe 2 or 3 "doable" girls there, tops.The men's room was flooded, the urinal looked like it hadn't been flushed in the past 30 uses, and the toilet was clogged too.  I even tried to unclog it using the plunger there, but no dice.  I hate having to take a piss is some unflushed toilet and have the pisswater spray back at me, fuckin gross.  The only good thing is that they had soap and water and paper towels to wash up with.  When I finished washing up and looked in the mirror I noticed that I had been wearing my reflective Halo band around my neck since I walked in the bar.  (The Halo is this reflective band you put around your helmet so drivers can see you at night.)  Man did I feel like a toolbox.  Is that why everybody was looking at me like that when I walked in?  Maybe they're wondering, "Is some kind of trendy new scarf, no wait, wtf is that guy wearing around his neck?!".   Nobody had said anything the previous 20 minutes, including the girl I had been talking to, maybe they were too loaded to care, or just trying to be polite. While saddling up on my bike outside, a girl on the, ah, "tipsy" side was pushed over to me by her gay manfriend, whereupon I was solicited for a ride.   She said she really wanted a ride despite the fact that she had never ridden on a motorcycle before.  I tried to explain that:  buzzed driver + drunk 1st time passenger + no passenger helmet = almost certain disaster, but I'm not sure if it really registered.  Her friend announced "wait, wait let's get a look at his asssss when he gets on the bike"   I happily obliged and took off into the night.
4	Dive Bar. Do not go in here expecting a schwanky place.They have the best juke box in town, though. THe drinks are cheap, the service is good. What more can you ask for?Something to note... this place is not very big and gets packed on the weekends, so come early and start your night off here.. .and end somewhere else
5	This is a dive bar first and foremost. Cheap drinks, and a kicking jukebox. Nothing but good to say imoWarning: Looking for a collegie Scoottsdale bar, best look elsewhere.
5	What can I say??? This place killed my liver... No shit!After 2 years of spending far more time at the TT than my own home, my doctor told me that I had to seriously consider cutting back.People all call this a dive bar, but I tend to think of it as a neighborhood bar. During days and early evenings, this place is mostly haunted by a cast of regulars who are mostly regular Joes and Janes. Most of them are so familiar with each other that the cross-bar banter is usually filled with venomous affection and it's almost always hilarious.On weekend nights, the forecast at the Casa Camino is often partly Douchy, with a chance of ass-clown and stupid muff, but if one gets in early and secures a seat on the back side of the bar, it's not a bad place to people watch on a Saturday night.The bartenders are all pretty swell and you're likely to see them amongst the common alcoholics at the TT when they aren't working. They pour a solid drink, without going over the top, and they keep the cans of Old Style fresh on the bar in front of you.When they are working they do tend to take their jobs seriously and are usually good at at getting the obnoxious drunks out of the place when they start bothering other customers. On busy night, there's usually a door person to help them with the task.One cannot speak of the TT Roadhouse without mentioning the juke box. I've met people in other states that ask about the place with the great juke box when I mention that I'm from Phoenix. It's about half old-school punk, rounded off with country, rock-n-roll, funk, and some other prize finds. If you're new to the TT... PLEASE DON'T GO IN THERE AND PLAY THE 3 PUNK ROCK SONGS YOU KNOW! You'll hear them plenty while you're there. If you are a music geek, go in and pick some gems to put some variety in the mix.The "TT" in TT Roadhouse refers to the Isle of Man Tourist Trophy, a 100 year old motorcycle road race held on a small island off the coast of Britain. As such, much of the decorations in the bar are motorcycle related... I first found out about the TT from motorcycling friends, but it's far from a "biker bar". Tuesdays however are Bike Night, and you're likely to see a mis-mash of European and Japanese sport bikes, cafe-racers, rat bikes, and the requisite American V-twins in the parking lot.If pedal power is more your thing, Mondays are bicycle nights, with drink specials if you show up on your push bike. (Think cruiser bikes... If you show up on your carbon road bike, resplendent in your day-glo lycra, expect a full course of well deserved ridicule)TT also now has a smoking patio out back for those that REALLY embrace their vices, but a lot of folks still congregate in the parking lot out front for their nicotine fix.One of the best kept secrets in Scottsdale is the TTR Bloody Mary. If you've got nothing better to do with your weekend, swing by on a Sunday morning for the best bloody Bloody in town. That's what I do... Liver doctors be damned!
4	This place is a dive bar for Snobsdale, for the rest of us normal folk, it's just a bar [with reasonably priced drinks and bartender that knows your drink]. It's my favorite place to go on a Saturday afternoon and get some reading [and drinking] done. My smoker friends are fans of the newly created patio area.
3	I used to live around the corner from this joint on Earll, and used to hit it up every once in a while. Can't say anything bad about this place, and strangely enough, I haven't much good to say either! Its JUST A BAR! Don't give me that "its cool because regulars occupy the place." To me, if you are a "regular" in  bar, you need to expand your horizons. I will say this, its in Scottsdale and its not pretentious! There.
3	This is definitely an out of the way, neighborhood hangout. They have one dart board, one pool table, a small patio, and a VERY small bar. The place is cramped and tiny. If it were downtown with a patio out on the street, it would be a priceless place and would be packed every night. It's not though. It is in the middle of a residental neighborhood, can't be seen from a major street, and look's closed from the outside. They don't offer food, but they make up for that shortcoming by offering ridiculously cheap drinks and even complimentary pool on sunday nights. They have cans of PBR.... how punk rock is that?I'm incredibly partial to the bar because the walls are full of british motorcycle ads, pictures, and memoribilia. Even the sign out front is a rip off of the Triumph logo. Being that I own and ride two Triumphs, obviously I felt at home here. It is a great place to park your chopper out front and play some pool.
5	I started going to this place in college back in '93 or '94, I cant recall. I dropped out of the scene towards 2001 to focus on New Orleans. I've recently reacquainted myself with the place and found it to be just as I left it, which is a pleasant surprise. Brad's pride and joy, the juke box, is just as diverse, punky and funky, as back in the days when things were cool. The beer selection is still exceptional. Where else would you find Pabst Blue Ribbon and Old Style next to Pacifico and Red Stripe. Analbreath is still present thank goodness, as is the most cosmopolitan and diverse clientele that the valley has ever seen. T T Roadhouse, the place to go when you don't know where to go! ps. thanks for keepin it real Brad!
4	I dig this bar mostly for their jukebox.  Prolly the best one in phoenix if youre into old punk, new wave, old country, and real alternative. Theyve usually got a cool movie going and the decor alone could entertain you for an hour.  Small, intimate dive bar.  I was totally comfortable going here alone and always ended up in a decent conversation, whiskey bent, and hellbound.  A few times i went they had a live acoustic band playing, not sure if that s a regular thing.  It is mostly regular oriented but everyone is pretty nice up there.Parking sucks, park across the street @ the bank?  i think it is?  Smoking patio's nice, minimal bar games, and youre bound to see someone shitfaced acting a fool.  Good times :)
4	Whisky shots, PBR and Punk Rock. A sure recipe for a good time at TT Roadhouse.My roommate loves to come here and has got me going somewhat more often, never a dull moment.Drink specials vary throughout the week.Bathroom (Mens) is small, don't come here for #2, sirs.Jukebox is still awesome.Bartenders are friendly and generally no-nonsense, which is appreciated.Patio is small but well appointed. High tops and rails around the edges for drinks.If the parking lot in back is full, which can happen easily, then just park across the street. I've never had an issue with parking there.
5	I'm in love with this bar.  It's the perfect neighborhood bar. A little rough around the edges and that's what I love about it! Darts are fun, and the pool table is available often. The patio is chill and the staff gets it done!  If you're looking for a place to chill, wearing jeans and flip flops to fit in, this is your place. Seriously, I think my favorite in Scottsdale... period.
4	My hubby and his friend had frequented this bar last week for their Wednesday night special - $1.00 off Ska Brewing Company beers.They had such a great time that they wanted me to come last night, but warned me that it may not be the usual bar experience I am accustomed to and I have to be honest it was not at first.  I'm a fashion designer, so I am a girly girl.I do however enjoy a good hefeweizen beer and ordered a tap hefe - Papago Brewing Company Orange blossom with a twist of orange and vanilla it is now one of my favorites!  It tasty creamy and suitable for my palate.After a couple drinks and playing pool, I was warming up to the place.  I am giving them 4 stars for now and maybe the next time I go I will give them 5.  Only because when I was picking music from the jukebox, I heard a couple patrons stereotype the kind of music they thought I was going to pick because I wore a cute dress I made.I overheard a guy mocking his buddy and say "Oh great we are going to end up hearing show tunes" and another start singing "Somewhere over the Rainbow."But I think I redeemed myself with my favorite band the Yeah, Yeah, Yeahs, Queens of the Stone Age, and the Talking Heads - despite my girly appearance last night  I actually did go to a Bad Brains concert just recently.  : )
5	Best bar in scottsdale...it's very low key and not full of scottsdale shit bags...i will always go back to tts for a beer....they have a fantastic jukebox and an ample selection of craft ales including my favorite arrogant bastard ale..so come down and enjoy thefun and shenanigans of tts
5	My buddy lives here, Happy hour starts when the door opens, TTRh is a good time.
4	I'd been going to the Roadhouse since Brad opened it... Day One. Lucy was tending bar (I think that was her name, cool ass chick) and it was a cool little secret... then the morons from Scotty startin rollin in and for a short time it was douche central. But it corrected itself and the 30K millionaires left. I no longer live there but every time I come back, it's the only place I go.The jukebox... well, what's there to say that the whole area hasn't said. The bathrooms are atrocious and I wouldn't have it any other way. I like the outdoor area (no clue how long that's been opened but I like being able to go outside.Great dive bar that's not a faux dive bar. This place is the real deal. Go, leave the Nieman wardrobe at home and have fun.
1	I really want to love this place, the music, the location, the ambiance ...But for the five stars I really want to give them, they themselves take those much prized awards away. Here's another wannabe biker bar that won't allow colors in. strike one. The very poor customer service they continually have. strike two. The cockroaches in the bathroom and the condition of them. strike three.I'm a semi-regular (like once a week, that's over fifty times per year) and I still cannot give them any praise except that's it's cheap (sometimes, when they're not over charging/over ringing) and it's a good place to hideout for a while and replay some old music no else has...and to people watch, it's amazing what walks though these doors here.
3	A friend of mine wanted wanted to meet up at TT Roadhouse, so that's why I ended up there.  She told me it had a cool jukebox, but when I arrived I found out it wasn't as cool as I had thought.  It was pretty punk rock, but I was able to find a few Jawbreaker tracks to make me happy.  Drinks were decently priced, and the clientele was not your typical Old Scottsdale crowd.  Nothing amazing, though, but if you're in the area...
5	been going to the roadhouse since it was the caddyshack... met the love of my life there. come find me and buy me a beer!  woo hoo. see you in a bit
5	Killer joint!  Great music, motorcycle themed (more classic European bikes than Harley, but Harley's too), small old house, converted smoking patio, hip, but not hipster.I've been frequenting this bar off and on for over ten years, and I love going each time.  It has changed ownership several times, but the place has soul baked right into the walls.  Good service?  Who cares.  You may be lucky to get a beer when it is packed if you don't know what you're doing, but that is your problem.There is one pool table, and you have to win to keep the table, so if you like competitive pool, this may be the place for you.I dig the young blue collar vibe the place can have at times.  In the early afternoon, sitting around with young tattooed motorcycle mechanics with their pin up bettys just makes me happy to be American.Drinks are stiff, and there is an excellent selection of beers on tap and otherwise.  If you like Pilsner Urquell, I believe they still have it on tap (one of the few places in town).I used to go on motorcycle rallies out of this bar in the late 1990s or early 2000s, a great bunch of guys with all kinds of motorcycles, especially Triumphs, BMWs, BSAs, MotoGuzzis, Nortons, and a bunch of other classics.  It isn't a biker bar per se, but coming from a guy who has put 1/2 a million miles on his 1976 BMW, it is the biker bar for me.
4	Ok, so I'm in town on business and Scottsdale is just a little, hmmm...shall we say blonde, silicone and tanner for my constitution. Ahhh...TT Roadhouse = Remedy. I walk in, and it's kinda Cheers-ish. The bartender Chris is a freakin' sweetheart, makes me a sick drink, and I thrill to the sensations of Nude Nuns with Big Guns and we (me, the random chick from NYC, and the die-hard locals who call the joint their living room) tell a few pointed,  completely un-PC jokes about rape+kickstand in context to said flick. I've had two drinks now, more folks arrive, all nice, and all totally welcoming to the outsider...none of the "Y'all ain't from here are you" vibe. Seriously, this is my new local when I'm in town. I even bought the fuckin' T-shirt, and that's just the kind of douchery I never engage in. That said, I think if you're into low-brow/dives and want to enjoy that with a side of super nice. This'll be your rig too.
5	I went back there last night, because it's a $1.00 off Ska Brewing beers on Wednesdays.  My hubby ordered 3 pints of Decadent and was happy just at that, but then Elise put on the movie Ghost Ship and we stayed to watch it.The movie brought up fond memories and ignited some great conversations with Elise who is a movie buff like me.If you want to watch a great movie, have some great beer on tap and a good time, TT Roadhouse is great!  It beats sitting in a movie theater where you can't drink alcohol or talk.  : )
5	This gnarly biker/hipster dive bar is ironically located in a quiet neighborhood in Scottsdale. It quickly became one of my favorite AZ hangouts for a couple reasons: Its a dive. They have a smoking patio (heated in the winter, but no misters for the summer). They actually have good beer on tap, or available in cans and bottles. And they make a bangin bloody mary!Whenever I walk in this bar, I feel right at home, even when I don't know a single person there. The jukebox is constantly spewing old school punk rock and the TV plays skate videos or random South Park episodes. It's just got a good vibe to it. Like... who couldn't love it?
3	Great dive bar. Great jukebox
4	Perhaps The Valley's best dive bar.It's an older place, has a pool table and of course the obligatory hipster jukebox ... ding ding ding
5	Best bar in az period. Doesn't matter what you look like or who you are you'll have fun.
4	I'm new to this side of town. I live within walking distance, added bonus (wink, wink). This is a great low key bar that's offers good drink specials. I do have to say the daytime one could feel out of place if not  a regular. Great jukebox, one pool table, one dart board, about 4 tables inside, 16 barstools, and small smoking patio. I almost forgot don't go hungry they only sell chips. Weekend nights get a little crowded.
4	I went here last Friday night and it is a very solid bar! They have cheap drinks that are very tasty. The ambiance is divey but cute. We sat out on the patio (got there early enough - around 9 ish - to get a place to sit) and it was comfortable. The place got very busy about an hour after we got there, but we still had fine service at the bar. I would definitely come back here again.
4	The place is awesome. Love that its a dive! It's close to Old Town's douche baggery, but still far enough. The place is laid back with some awesome beers. There's a pool table and the patio is heated during the colder months. And the people that stroll in there are a good mix.
5	This is a cool dive away from all the Old Town BS. The jukebox is one of the best I have heard in some time. They were playing songs I never heard of so I know I'm going to be in trouble in the future by using Shazam to identify songs and then buying them from my phone!Anyway, just be sure you eat before you get there as this is all about hanging in a dive and having drinks. They have lots of beer and the bartenders are cool. If I lived closer I would hang out here much more......
5	Simply the BEST dive bar in Valley. If you are a Scottsburger or otherwise easily offended then don't waste your time or a barstool. If you're looking for a (n)ice cold beer in a unique environment this is THE spot.
4	Absolutely cozy, and the best music around. Just a few minutes in I was digging this place. It is a dive, but in the right kind of way. Its small, and I can see how it becomes unbearable when filled to burst limit with customers but I like it. I did however use the facilities, and I felt dirty walking out. It is a dirty little mens room - but what to expect for a biker dive. No locking mechanism what so ever, but it works for drunken patrons in urgent need of bladder relief.The beer sortiment for a dive is impressive. I sure liked the selection, and made a few well weighed choices .. and wasn't disappointed. The layout.It is mainly a double sided bar, that will host patrons.. but there is also a few small booths that I would utilize if I wasnt here for a quick drink. Then there is the pool table in the back that is free. And from my stool I had a view of three tv screens... but none of this is relevant, unless I yet again push the music in this place. I was welcomed by an eclectic selection of awesome rock, metal and punk. I loved it. Amazing place. If a dive has a good music and good drinks, its a home run for me. .. und das ist nach der kritiker.
4	It's a really great dive bar. Some nights it's kind of dull, but if you go on the right nights, you'll have a blast.
1	I used to go there on and off for about  two years due to proximity to my house NOT  because I enjoyed the place. There are two male bartenders that had absolutely no concept of customer service - acted like you should be privileged that they were taking the time off from either watching TV or talking to other friend "customers" to serve you. The clientele wasn't much better - very "clicky" and not the best specimens of society - "trashy". I eventually stopped going in there altogether after I realized the short, four block commute was just not worth it. The customer service will never get better. I guarantee even if someone whom works there sees this review will absolutely care less and probably laugh because that is how this bar is.
4	This is one of my favorite watering holes!You need to visit TT's to really understand what a great everyday bar this is.Great staff and a fantastic craft beer selection sets this hidden secret apart from the rest!Check this out you will not be sorry,Cheers,H
4	Go here for the jukebox.  An amazing selection of authentic '77 punk rock and other music you won't be able to listen to in any other bar in Arizona.  And it's right next to a business called Smart Cremation...please just stop reading if you don't find that to be a point of greatness.  The staff is very cool...a perfect blend of caustic sarcasm and genuine helpfulness.  What's on tap is a very wide selection for the price...and if something other than beer is what you're looking for, the well drinks are priced for the poor boozer and awful strong.  The general crowd consists of a majority of very fascinating regulars.  Even if you're not into punk rock or cremation, then at least you have got to be into interesting human beings- so you'll love this bar!!!
5	Easily my favorite (and therefore obviously the BEST) dive bar in the area. Great beers, awesome bartenders, one of the best jukeboxes around, and a nice collection of DVDs...James is rad, too.
5	This bar is awesome. They have a great selection, everyone is incredibly friendly and down to earth. Least douchey bar I've been to in Scottsdale.
5	Misfits, Operation Ivy, Cash, Hank III, and The Cramps on the Juke...Fonda on the boob and Bridget Bardot's boobs on the wall. God blessed The Roadhouse! James pours quite earnestly and the patrons are are comprised of ageing Punks who now have good jobs (my type?)..what more do want? Come here and drink!
4	My favorite dive bar in Scottsdale.  Really a neighborhood bar for this section of South Snottsdale.  Bartenders are nice, crowd eclectic (locals, regulars, bikers, drunks, hipsters, and drunk hipsters).  They even have wine splits that are decent - no old, open wine bottles here!  And a good juke box and pool table.  And outdoor patio.
4	I went here when I found out the Breaking Bad series finale was playing at TT Roadhouse.  It felt nice to walk into a dive bar to watch the show.  You'd think it'd be a horrible place to watch a show like that at a bar.  It wasn't.  Everyone was noisy during the commercial breaks.  As soon as Breaking Bad came back on, the whole entire bar was silent.  It was epic.  They should keep doing that with other shows.
3	Went in here on a random weeknight to meet with a couple friends.  It is not at all what I expected.  If you're looking for a good dive bar in the valley...this is it.  I don't mean dive bar like Patty's that right in the hustle and bustle of things.  I mean,  you're going to more than likely pass the place on your way, have to turn around and then park you car behind this small building after feeling like you went offroading through potholes. The inside is bigger than what I expected.  They have a decent sized bar, old TV's placed around on the walls, a few booth throughout, pool table and a patio out back.  When I initially walked in it was eerily quiet.  I quickly figured out this was because everyone was watching one of my favorite horror movies....The Devils Rejects.  NICE!!!  The bartender was nice, attentive and our drinks were yummy.  I'll be honest most of the time in dives the bartenders friends are all hanging out so they're not always as on point as they could be.  This chick however, was great.  After a while my neck hurt starring at the TV so I moved on to the Megatouch game!  This is actually one of the last bars that have the photo hunt I like so I was super excited!  We sat there and played that for a few games and headed out.  Overall, I liked this place.  It was a good place to come and hang.  Just picture something like out of the midwest with "regulars" and the walls packed with random pictures/postersj/you name it.  Also, just to clarify - the people in this joint weren't old people who find a neighborhood bar and just spend their life there.  People here were from their 20's to 40's.  Not a bad mix.  Not a bad bar.
3	This bar is a nice break from the typical Scottsdale scene. Drinks are reasonably priced, and there's a small indoor seating area in addition to a small outdoor seating area. Everyone is really friendly and the place is packed with regulars that'll strike up a conversation with you. Parking can be limited. I'll be back for a drink.
5	One hell of a bar!  If you're looking to stay in Scottsdale, but not be surrounded by douchebags, this is the place to go!  Awesome beer, and whiskey selections, good music, and better people, can't be beat!
4	Great dive bar, small and dark, good people and good times!
4	Great dive bar!  Place to go if you want to avoid the Scottsdale douchebag scenery.  One thing I love about this bar is the jukebox.  They play a lot of old punk albums.  Only thing that bad about it is they have nothing but mainstream but, no underground punk music.  I need to burn a cd for them to play some old and new school underground punk.
2	This is not a sportsbar - in fact the TV sets looks like they were picked up from an garage sale back in 1980.  It is dark and dingy inside that bar, a true dive experience. My visit was brief due to the fact that they do not show sports - in fact they were watching Taxi Driver the movie - in the middle of the day. Not much of a need to return here, unless I moved within walking distance.
5	Great bar, STRONG/cheap drinks, amazing music, awesome bartenders and best of all --  no deusch bags. If you don't like it, you just don't belong there anyway.
5	Being an expat Brit, this place speaks to me. It as close as I've seen in the US to a real British pub. The decor is authentically pub style, it's cosy and inviting and I recommend it highly.
4	Pretty solid dive bar. Off the beaten bath of the usual south Scottsdale bar scene. They have some good beers on tap as well as in the bottle, and at a fair price. Oh! And they have my favorite bar-top video game... You know, the one with the photo hunt? Hah, nothing beats getting a little buzzed with a friend, and trying to find the differences between two photos.
