5	After having tried some of the other tanning salons in the area,  this is now the only place I'll go for the seldom tanning I do.  The building is cute and boutique-like and ultra clean.  The staff is lovely and polite, which is a rarity in your typical tanning salon.  And I actually witnessed one of them cleaning a bed, which is something I like to see as a reassurance that they actually do get sanitized!   The bulbs are strong enough to give me some color, but not so strong as to make me a lobster in 5 minutes.  I get to stay in there for a good 12 minutes or so, which is long enough to take a tiny nap.   The prices are right in line with the other tanning joints in the area; maybe a few bucks cheaper if you get the right package.  They also provide massage service at super reasonable prices and I've heard they're wonderful.  I've yet to try a massage, but I'll update when I do.  Best tanning salon in Southside...but make sure you don't miss it.  It's on the corner of Sidney St. and 21st; and kinda hard to see.
5	Had my first massage today here and it was pure bliss. I've had many massages in my day and this one definitely ranked up there. I called in the morning to see if they had any openings and was able to get a noon appointment with Jill.  Jill was awesome and asked me what I wanted to focus on before we started, and she actually had paid attention because she went right for the spots we talked about. The room was comfy and clean, and the music relaxing without being the typical massage bell-chimy and pan-flutey music. The pressure was perfect and she definitely knew what she was doing. The price was great at only $60 for a full hour! Definitely something I'll be getting on a much more regular basis.
4	I used to be an active tanner in high school then parted ways as I got older in hopes to save my skin as cancer is a growing concern. I still lay in the sun, but tanning beds are really no longer for me. However, I just had to lay on a base tan quick before leaving for St. Maarten last year. Because the islands are so close to the equator, the sun is intense and I was told with my fair skin it would be wise to expose myself to some UV rays before departing. It is still the same great place that I used to go to in high school; only thing that's different is they no longer offer massages... it's just "Southside Tan." The staff is very friendly and the location is perfect. You can almost always find a spot on the street (park at Giant Eagle down the block if none are available). The place is two floors and all of the beds are in good condition and kept up to par, unlike East Coast Tanning on Carson (are they even still in business?!). The rooms are spacious too so you don't feel cramped. Each is equipped with a fan and places to put your things. It's nice, quiet and reasonably priced. If I ever am going to head back to the islands, I'll prepare myself here! In case you were wondering, I still burnt like no other... That island sun is no joke, people!
5	Southside Tanning is amazing. It's clean, friendly and reasonably priced. I could not ask for anything else in a tanning salon. There is rarely a wait and the girls make it a point to remember names and faces. As a student at Pitt, it's a great location and a quick bus ride from Oakland. I'd rather take the bus to Southside Tanning than sit and wait in a salon in Oakland. Southside Tanning is perfect!
