5	Red Dog Music (or Sound Control as most people still call it), is Edinburgh's largest music store. The walls are filled with guitars and bass, the floors lined with amps and drum kits are dotted all over the shop.Taking my boyfriend in here is a mistake. Its a kin to him taking me to Topshop. We spend forever in here as he drools over amps and guitars while I aimlessly wander around. But the choice is amazing, its basically a musicians wet dream. It's great fun too because you can try anything out too. You will generally find budding musicians all round the store trying out drum kits and guitars, or the staff are happily strumming away. Obviously it's not one big orgy of people randomly playing music. There is little rooms for you to try out guitars and electric drum kits with headphones so you don't have to offend anyone's eardrums if your terrible. The staff are great in here. They are obviously passionate about music and it shows, they offer good quality, friendly customer service. They take the time to help you with what you need as usually buying a musical instrument or amp or PA system is a costly investment so you want to get it right.If it all gets too boring for you and you don't have a musical bone in your body (like me), you can sit and wait patiently on the large comfy sofa at the back of the store.
4	I often see groups of teens head in here simply to strum away on their favourite guitar and 'hang out'. The place is huge with every conceivable musical instrument and seemingly the staff will let you practice on a wide selection of what they offer.You'll spot some top quality equipment and with some top of the range price tags too. Enquiring about a drum kit, recently , I was treated more akin to royalty than a customer: the staff devote a lot of attention to ensuring you find the right product.Rock on.
4	As a music shop this place specialises mostly in guitars (bass and electric) and only offers a few different makes of guitars, although these are the best makes for each price range.  The result of this is that for each price range you do get a good selection for each make they do offer.  As far as I'm concerned this is a great idea as I'm personally not that keen to see lots of almost as good guitars.  Why waste my time when you can just show me the very best for each price range?The prices themselves are very good and indeed after a short visit in here I've already earmarked a few guitars that I wouldn't mind picking up at some point.  That is a problem with this shop - its reasonable prices tempt you into a sale until you've spent more than you can afford.
4	I often think I've been spoiled growing up - growing up near Manchester and getting into music in my teens I wasn't short of music shops to check out equipment in - over time though a number of the smaller (and larger) music retailers have had to shut up shop and as such the once frequent sight of wall upon wall of guitars has now become something of a rare treat.I'm glad then that Red Dog exists in Edinburgh because without it where would I go to spend Saturday afternoons pointlessly staring at things I can't possibly afford and mucking around on bizarre percussion that I would never dream of buying, even if I could.Top notch range of products and great staff to boot - they're obviously a knowledgeable bunch and they always seems to manage to tread on the right side of the pushy/helpful tightrope. I've literally messed about for hours in here with no hassle whatsoever - and to be honest if I'm considering parting ways with hundreds of my hard earned then that's the way it should be too.There are other more specialised music shops in Edinburgh (for sheet music for example) but Red Dog ticks all the right boxes for them to probably have whatever you're looking for.The only thing I can't really comment on is the price having never bought anything major from Red Dog (leads and strings have been the most pulling of my requirements since being in Etown) - the fifth star here would hinge heavily on how flexible Red Dog is when big spends come up.Fingers crossed I'll have reason to update with that fifth star in future...
5	First off, ITS OPEN ON A SUNDAY! Maybe not the biggest or most important selling point of this business, but if you pictured the scene -me in desperate need of a piece of musical equipment by Monday, and having tried 4 other music shops in old town all of which were closed on a Sunday, trailing around the city on a very, very windy and blustery and wet day - it was something of a Godsend, probably accompanied by angels playing pipes and streams of sunbeams pouring over the Grassmarket, when I thought "oh wait, there's Red Dog Music!" and lo, it was open and it was good.And yes, it was really good. For a start, it's huge. So many musical things. So many guitars. So many keyboards. And what a beautiful big electric grand piano that is. The staff are super friendly and down-to-earth too. Music shops can be intimidating. Musicians by nature can be very 'too-cool-for-school' sometimes, especially when you're a classical part-time pianist like me, with none of the lingo or street cred of a jammin' musician. So yeah, super friendly staff.My friend, who does play guitar a lot and knows a lot about those sort of cool things, was well impressed by their collection and tried out a few guitars.And when they discovered I can (or, could) play piano, they ordered me to play the 'do not touch' electric grand piano at the back of the store. Somewhat embarassing, but good craic and even more friendly.As a teenager I used to go with my friends round music stores, and like the wee groupie I am sit and listen to them jam on a few guitars for a few hours. I always remember how at home I felt in music stores, and that feeling came straight back at Red Door. It's sound, proper sound.And yes, you're more than likely to find the piece of musical equipmentage you are after too. It's huge.
