3	Your typical Mexican spot.  Not bad not exciting. Basically you take your tortilla and the man well put anything you want in it.  I was bsing with the owner and by them time we were finished my burrito was the size of a woman's purse.  It was friggin gigantic.  Though, I don't expect this to last long as it was more of he was looking for repeat customers.  Otherwsie I would give this 4 stars.
1	Working on the Westside of town, I was excited about the addition of another lunch  venue, besides the burgers and old school Italian. Imagine my disappointment when I walked into this joint that looked like a copycat of Chipolte and wished that my chicken burrito was Chipolte. Everything about my meal was bland and flavorless. Ironically, Picante has no spice. I guess it's back to burgers and Italian.
3	Picante doesn't stand out from the crowd of chain Mexican-American grab-and-go spots. They are decently priced $5-7 and have a good location without much competition on West blvd.Let me start out with the positives.... 3 tortilla options (spinach, brown, white) and they offer brown rice in addition to white, very filling (big portion), fairly healthy, and fast. The veggies here looked nicer than other chain places.On to the dislikes... $1.60 extra to put Guacamole on your burrito ...what?! To be fair they were nice enough to put a little scoop on me for free because management saw me say noooo thank you. Also, I couldn't taste the herbs in the chicken and my rice was a bit tough (even for brown) as I was served the last scoop in the container. The food wasn't terrible but it wasn't really good either. My hope is that they will put a little zing into the food to separate it from the competition. I am a Guac-fanatic so unfortunately the extra charge will send me straight back to Salsaritas next time I want that type of lunch.
4	Lime sublime!  I loved my meal from Picante tonight.  I ordered the fish tacos with black beans, cheese, sour cream, and picante.  I added a bit of the "hot" salsa to the top and it was awesome! To boot the price was the 'picante' on top!  Awesome value. Picante is keeping it all really fresh tasting with a lime flavor.  They have added this to the chips as well, which was a nice touch!  Even though this is not as close to me as some of the other Mexican fast chains, I will drive there to experience their freshness again! I can confirm that none of the said Mexican chains offer a seafood option...and as a Pescatarian I really appreciate this menu item!
3	A place that serves chips, salsa and queso in my work 'hood? Yes please!Picante is a nice addition to the city's west side. It's your typical taco/burrito grab-and-go Mexican eatery. (think Chipotle) Pick your protein, toppings and whatever vessel you choose to hold it all together and stuff your face. I usually go with the burrito bowl. It's a lot of food.. and you don't have to battle with an overstuffed, crumbling tortilla.Personally, I'm a fan of the vegetarian, but the pulled pork is also pretty tasty. They do charge extra for quac on the proteins. Picante also offers brown rice in addition to the white and three types of tortillas.Bonus: Right now Picante is offering a special on WBTV's Deal zone. $5 for $10 worth of food. The deal is offered for the next 11 days and you can buy multiple vouchers. Here's a link: http://www.wbtvdeals.com/d/picante-mexican-grill-deal-30I used one yesterday and it covered a veggie burrito bowl, drink and chips/salsa. Nice little meal for $5.Friendly staff, plenty of parking available and outdoor seating. A quick, convenient lunch/dinner option if you work or live in this area.
4	I tried out this place for lunch yesterday and after ambitiously deciding to walk there and back, it was very rewarding. The owner/manager recognized me even though I was sporting my sweaty-overworked look that afternoon.Because of my famished and starry state of mind, I didn't analyze the menu or the diggs, I got my vegetarian bowl and dipped out.. Tisk Tisk, I know. The vegetarian comes with guacamole so I have no price complaints. They offer brown rice, which makes them stand apart in my mind from the other Southwestern burrito chains. Everything look really fresh and well-stocked, that includes the staff... I believe my compostable to-go bowl passed through a total of six pairs hands. Honestly, 12 hands. Now that's service!My total was $5, with a coupon which wasn't hard to come by. And yes, their interior designer also chose to go with the industrial tin-can theme, but they do have an outdoor patio with umbrellas!
1	I have been four or five times and all I can say is that it is fair at best.  The tacos and burritos are very bland.  The owner makes no effort to learn who you are.  This part of town is a very neighborhood friendly place and Picante just does not fit in.  I was so excited to see this go in, however  I will be driving right past it to Chipotle.
4	It's been at least a year since I been on freedom drive. I live across town close to NoDa and I currently work out in mallard creek, mallard church rd area. But on this occasion I had to travel to the west side for work related reasons. I was gonna drive to south end for a quick lunch but once I turned onto morehead street I seen a big sign from Picante that said "$2 tacos & $2 beers after 4pm" not a hard decision to make since I was considering chipotle for lunch anyway. Picante shares the same space as the Burger & Co. The inside has that textile mill-warehouse-to-restaurant conversion theme going, that seems to be the new trend in the Charlotte restaurant scene nowadays. They have industrial style chairs and tables a-la chipoptle style. But overall it seems to work, spacing was adequate, the place was clean and everything flowed well and the staff was very friendly.If your a fan of Moe's, chipotle or salsarita's then you know what to expect. What set it apart for me is the $2 dollar tacos and more options for protein (beef, chicken, steak, pulled pork (carnitas) & shredded beef at no extra cost if you order the tacos. I ordered two tacos, steak and fish. I had a pretty cool.conversation with the guy preparing my order, I had the same toppings on both except I had guac on the steak and a spicy aioli that he recommened on the fish. I'm not much of a fan of mayonnaise based sauces simply because most of them have too much mayo and very little of anything else, but he said it was great so I tried it, and it was a great compliment to the fish. The steak and fish were very well seasoned, put them in a bowl by themselves and they could hold up on thier own, they compliment, not dependent on all the other toppings for flavor. The staffmember prepping my food was not cheap on the meat either, both my tacos were overstuffed, everything was fresh. I was very satisfied after my meal. Two tacos & a beer filled me up like one $6 burrito, with a little bit of change left over. My visit to Picante's was great and I will be going back to the west side more often for more $2 tacos.For a long time, the only type of food you would find on freedom and the West side of Charlotte is fast food and southern style fried foods. Freedom drive had the reputation of being an area that was dangerous to be in after dark. So I'm glad to see that the current renaissance that is sweeping through Charlotte has not passed over the West side. The rejuvination process has been slow compared to other areas, but there has been progress. The city has taken an interest in revitalizing the freedom area (probably because its right down the street from.panther stadium and practice field) and now the street has new pavement, old historic homes have been renovated, abandoned warehouses and mills have been torn down and replaced with upscale condos and apartments or renovated for retail space and businesses have been moving into the area in droves. The law school is even located just down the road on Wilkinson Blvd. The west side will alway be a black community at its heart, that seems to have carried a lot of negative connotations over the past few decades.  But when the city took interest, so did business and it welcomed a new group of professionals and diverse people to redicover the goodness and potential in the area, slowly erasing the bad stigma that has plagued this side of town for years and restoring pride back into Charlotte's historic black community. Anyway, didn't mean to get all deep and PBS on everybody, just wanted to express that. Go try Picante if your close by sometime, it's another great place for lunch.
3	Just your average burrito place.  Really no different from Moes, Chipotle, or Qdoba.  Though, having this place closer than any other burrito place, I will probably go here more often.It is nice that they have more choices: Multiple burrito wraps, types of rice, meats, etc.  In general, a little more variety.Service was good, food was good.  I'll return.
4	Pretty @#$%ing impressing for a burrito joint if you ask me. The average reviews for this place seemed to ward me off but I finally took the plunge and gave 'em a try.I found the burritos a step above Moe's, Qdoba, Salsaritas, etc. The innards were fresher and tastier. The wrap itself was a bit of a mess and it must be kept within it's foil wrapper and peeled rather than unwrapping it. I got a side of chips and queso, which I think is (the chips) a bit of a rip to pay extra for. I've been a bit spoiled by Moe's on that front. Queso needed more zip to it.Sweet tea was mucho bueno!Your pal,Walter
4	Stopped in for a quick dinner with the family tonight.  Made fresh right in front of you with meat and toppings that you chose.  You can get tacos, burritos, salads or burrito bowls.  Much bigger portion sizes that many of the other similar places.  They had a special with $2 tacos and $2 beers.  We will definitely return.  Nice, new facility.
4	Really good burritos.  I think they are pretty comparable to Chipotle, but better than Moe's and Qdoba.  The burritos are usually huge, although you occassionally get someone who makes them a little smaller.  Same for the burrito bowls.  They also have $2 tacos after 4, which is a good deal.
5	It is the one of the places we eat after the Monday Night ride from Uptown Cycles. They have great specials $1 and $2 tacos. The food is always good and fresh. Never had anything bad. The guys that work there are always nice. Good place. Good value and just enjoyable.
4	Hiding next to the Burger Company is a little place called Picante.  We ventured in one day to check it out and have been back three times since.  Obviously we like it because we've been back.  Simple menu with solid choices and good quality food.  For the most bang for your buck go with the three soft tacos and load them up with all the fixings.  They have chicken, fish, steak and ground beef and lots of veggies.  The Guacamole is good but an order of chips and a coke will put you over $10 so a took a star off for being a tad pricey.  They should have a deal where you can get chips and a drink for around $7.99 with your tacos.  One point, they have $2.00 Sam Adams bottles seemingly everyday and also on the weekends they have $1 tacos.  Great little place.
5	This place is great!I ate here when I was visiting friends and loved it! Such a friendly atmosphere. The workers even checked on us to see if we liked our food--something not very typical of quick in-and-out type places.I had 2 chicken tacos and thought they were so tasty. If you're in the area, you should stop there for a quick and affordable Mexican meal!
5	If you are into Chipotle, this place is a close relative, right down to the looks of the menu up top when you walk in!  Though, it is a bit cheaper, and has cheap ($2) beer selections!I went here upon the praise from my boyfriend....he seems to really love it, and he wanted me to check it out because of my love for this kind of food.The one thing I really loved about this place is that they have fish as an option!  I asked, it's Tilapia.  And tasty!  I had a salad topped with Tilapia, tomatoes, olives and both their medium and hot salsa.  The guy who prepared my meal warned that the hot was REALLY hot....I don't exactly agree, but I prefer my food realllllly hot.  The addition of jalepenos on my salad would've been nice!My guy loves the tacos....that's his go to.  And says they have $1 tacos after 4pm.  They just had a Groupon as well.  For $20 we got 6 tacos, a salad and a drink.  If you like quick (and cheap) Mexican, check it out!
3	Picante is basically Chipotle without the higher end ingredients, but it's good, and there are a lot of deals usually during the week. I know for sure that they have $2 tacos on Tuesdays, and some other ones that I can't think of now.  I've had both burritos and tacos and they're just like Chipotle, but not quite as good IMHO. I think they just don't taste quite as fresh, which may be a function of the fact that it never seems too busy in here so the ingredients might be sitting out for longer.  I'll keep swinging in here when I'm hungry and need a quick meal.
4	Good food for a good price. Owner and his wife are very friendly as well as the rest of the staff. Cheaper version Qdoba/chipotle. The buffalo chicken burrito is really good.
4	I've only been there one time during a slow service time. I intend on visiting again sometime soon though.If you like Chipotle, Qdoba, Moe's, etc., you'll find this place to be satisfying. Overall, I really enjoyed my meal. The interior is hip, laid-back, and relaxing. The colors inside are cool and vibrant and the staff is very friendly. Ordering is similar to the other restaurants I listed above.Since those places don't have a fish option, I decided to try Picante's. I had lettuce, black beans, corn, pico de gallo, and sour cream and fish tacos come with the option of a white fish sauce, which I thought was a tasty addition to the taco. They had one of those drink machines where you can pick a soda and you get the option of adding an extra flavor to the soda.The price range is fair and there is a sufficient amount of seating inside. There is also seating available outside.
4	A solid spot for burrito's! All the staple items with fresh ingredients and great offers... Tuesday & Thursday!
5	Like a better version of Chipotle's or Moe's. Similar but - locally owned/operated (better service), better ingredients, cheaper, more creative, good beer selection!
4	Stumbled into this place for a impromptu girls night out and was very pleased!!!Total VIP treatment, since we were the only customers. The staff was very helpful and hilarious! This place is very similar up Salsarita's, Moe's and of course my personal favorite Chipotle. It either bowl, burrito, tacos or salad with your choice of meat and toppings. Tons of meat options here: beef, chicken, steak, veggie ad even fish! I got the special which was the Philly Cheesesteak...WHAT?!? Yes please! It came loaded with queso and steak over rice (white or brown) and I added lettuce, cheese, corn salsa, and sour cream (no extra charge for sour cream here!) And bonus alert....on Thursdays you get a drink for free! Whoo Hooo! The bowl was absolutely delicious! Very tender steak...loved the queso and just the creative combination of flavors. It was all very fresh and tasty! Add chips for $1 and you have a great meal. It's definitely worth a visit!
5	Best fast and convenient restaurant close to uptown. Far superior to Chipotle or Salsaritas. Best hot sauce I have ever had. Great staff. Consistently good. Be sure to ask for onions, cilantro and peppers which are behind burrito set up line and not usually known by others.
4	My first year of law school I ate at Pinky's and Burger Co. almost everyday. Needless to say that'll pack on the lbs. pretty quick. After a while, my classmates and I would explore more and venture into Southend or Dilworth if time permitted. But we were really happy when Picante opened up since it's still near campus and it's a change of pace from your burger/diner style joints. How's the food? It's pretty good. If you are a fan of Chipotle, Qdoba and Moe's, then you'll probably like Picante. The chicken, steak, shredded beef, and fish are really good. They occasionally introduce specials and new items to the menu too (buffalo chicken or philly cheesesteak burritos). They have drink specials and even do punch cards for free burritos.The owner and his wife are super friendly, as well as the rest of the staff. The price is pretty much on par with the competitors, if not a little lower. I'll definitely be making my way to picante in between classes soon!
3	Just wanted to give everyone an update and meal deal alert:All burritos and burrito bowls are just $5 on Tuesdays. Any protein. Guac is extra unless you do the veggie option. It's a good amount of food for the price.Also, you can get a free drink on Thirsty Thursdays.
4	Top notch!  Friendly staff.
5	The burritos are GREAT. I'm a huge Chipotle fan and when I went to Chipotle after having Picante for a few months, I was so unimpressed. Tuesdays is $5 burrito or burrito bowl day, Thursday is Thirsty Thursday and you get a free soft drink with your burrito or burrito bowl. I had one of their homemade popsicles and that was pretty great too. The staff and owners are really friendly and they're nice people to brighten a day on a "blah" work day.Totally recommend! They have burrito punch cards too! I'm 2 punch holes away from my free burrito :)
3	Nice neat looking place with friendly staff. Food not great- steak and chicken had lower quality taste..  Not good texture. Cheese was typical shredded white non- Mexican type... For delicious authentic tacos, try shrimp at Sabor, or pork and more at Tres Amigos...
5	Been working up the road form this lil gem the past couple months and this is one of the best burrito places I've been to. It's setup like a Moe's or chipotle's but thank god no one screams at you when you walk through the door. The owner and staff immediately realized I wasn't a local and we're very friendly so I've been back a couple times and the result is the same, great food n service!
4	I'm a big Chipotle (strictly burrito bowl) fan and found Picante to be pleasantly similar.The portions and options are almost identical and it's great knowing you are supporting local business.Here's the break down: A toasted tortilla at the bottom of your burrito bowl at Picante will set you back an extra 50 cents. Chipotle will not. -1Picante offers more chicken flavor selections (herb and buffalo). +1Chipotle's guacamole is chunkier and more flavorful. +1Picante has $5.00 burritos or burrito bowls on Tuesdays. Tip: Go during off hours to avoid lines. +50I'm summary, so what? I save the money and carbs for not adding guacamole and a tortilla to my order and don't have to take the trek down south blvd to the nearest Chipotle.Bravo, Picante!
3	Staff is great. The restaurant is clean, yet the food is missing something in comparison to Chipotle. Location is awesome (across from Wells Fargo)!My boyfriend loves this place(only one like it that offers buffalo chicken), but despite multiple attempts I never finish it. Normally I love the bowl, yet I've tried the burrito too. I want to love this place. Favorite item is chips and cheese dip. They've never let me down there.
5	With better ingredients and recipes, they easily best Moe's, Chipotle, and Salsaritas. No matter what you get, make sure you throw some fish sauce on it.
4	Only place that offers Buffalo chicken taco's or burritos. All tacos after 4pm are $2 everyday.  Love this place.
4	On my homebound commute, fortunately kind on the wallet. Full on flavor, a locally owned Chipotle/Qdoba kind of place. Support local entrepreneurs who offer lots of daily specials. Easy parking next to the burger place. And for the health conscious, black beans and brow rice are always available.
5	This place is awesome. When I first started coming here they were struggling but now that they are established they rock. The music. The staff. The patio. Love it.
5	This place never disappoints. By far the best Tex-Mex in town. Quick service with friendly staff. The difference is in the food, all-natural no added crap that most of the chains have. Homemade guacamole is amazing. Best hot sauce around!  I will never go to Qudoba or Chipotle ever again. It just doesn't taste as good and I prefer to support a local company. If you haven't tried them you're missing out.
4	Stopped in for a quick bit since it's so close to my house. Identical to Chipotle.  Bowl was really good and similarly priced. Staff was super nice. Not a fan of the Buffalo chicken but they have regular flavor as well. So not busy for a Saturday afternoon which is a little shocking, could be the parking confusion. I think you are supposed to park at The Burger Company.  I'd give it 5 starts except for the chicken, I think they should just drop the additional flavor. Will be back for sure!
3	Neighborhood place similar to Moe's or Chipotle. I find those places a little better since there are more options. For example, as a vegetarian, at Moe's in a burrito I can opt to choose tofu instead of meat and also put in mixed cooked veggies like peppers and onions. Picante does not have a tofu option. I saw a man making peppers, but it was not available when we ordered so I cannot speak to it being available. Also chips and salsa are not included, they are extra.  Now, on to the positive feedback- the burrito itself was pretty good. I ordered a vegetarian burrito with a spinach wrap, white rice, black beans, lettuce, tomato, corn salsa, cheese, guacamole, cilantro, black olives, onions and pico de gallo salsa. It was decent sized and tasty. Went on a Tuesday/yesterday, which has specialty pricing- $5 burritos and $2 tacos. Also noticed that Thursday's specialty pricing is get a free fountain drink with your burrito purchase. Not too shabby! I'm not in this area of town much, but suppose I would possibly return on a Tuesday.
