4	Good food and good service, and right by the house....
4	I love Denny's! I use to go out late all the time and this would be the go to place after a night out. I love their meat lovers scramble. I get that everytime and their pancakes are delicious too!I'm also in love with their nachos! Definately a great place to go if you're craving breakfast food or just want to meet up for a quick chat. They recently renonvated the place a year or so ago so the place doesn't look as beat up anymore. I will recommend you go before 1-2am because thats then they drunk party crews stop in to munch. They do have a police officer there during those times so it should be okay for the most part. The service is always great too!
4	My food was pretty good, got a 4 berry fizz and really enjoyed it! My Boyfriend didn't enjoy his meal as much. He wasn't impressed with the sausage or Ham in his lumberjack meal. Service was great, friendly and talkative.
4	It's Denny's so there is an expectation, but this was really good. I was trying to waste time before a flight and decided to kill time at Denny's. The free internet access - as with most Denny's. I was seated near a outlet per my request. 4 hours of eggs, french toast (which was so good I ordered some to go) and hot tea went by without a hitch. Waitress was attentive and didn't bother me too much since she saw I was working. Great place for a good meal and internet without spending too much money. :-)
5	Friendly staff n good food!
4	Great customer service, and great food!!
4	Stopped in around midnight on a Saturday night after the Carolina Rebellion show. Our waitress was kind of short with us but she was polite. I just think she was in a hurry due to the number of tables she had. That aside, she was very nice, helpful with the menu items and very quick. Everyone at the table (five adults) were happy with the food and the food arrived very quickly. If you are a fan of Denny's this is a really good location.
2	Have not been to this location in awhile.  I was very disappointed.  First the food took forever .  Both of us ordered pancakes mine was regular pancakes and my husband was blueberry . Mine looked fine but husband blueberry pancakes was undercook as far  very light in color and just a few blueberries just thrown in at the center.  I ask the server about it all she said that the pancake is upside down so that we would know it had blueberries in it. We ended not eating it.  Not good.The little bubble in my head said what does she mean by that response.  I figured the cook forget the blueberries at last minute .  Did not look like the menu pic.  Can't  believe that they serve us that. Oh, well . Not a fan of this location.
3	They are too high! A Belgium waffle should not be $5! Sorry, maybe I'm cheap! So after getting over spending $5+ dollars on ONE WAFFLE, I purchased it! I figured it must be delicious for that price! Lol ..........It was ok. Haven't had many Belgium waffles at various restaurants but, IHOP, I'm sure has better waffles than theirs.
1	I didnt want to give them one star but didnt have a choice. Not good service at all went in on a saturday morning around 10 a.m got seated they didnt take our drink order just sat us with the menu. waited about 20 mins saw the waitress a couple of times never made eye contact with us then finally after 30 min of no drinks or any contact we got up and left manager was no where to be found.
