3	For the older generation Randy's is the Scottsdale hangout for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  The snowbirds haven't arrived (no wonder since this summer has had more days over 110 than ever before) but it is still crowded with the locals.  On Friday nights the popular fare is chicken and dumpling which includes salad or soup, coffee or tea and an ice cream dessert.  If you order a la carte you save a couple of bucks. If you skip the dumplings you get more chicken.  In general the food is bland so one needs to add lots of pepper. It may not sound like an exciting way to spend Friday night but if one leaves early one can work out at the gym to avoid the oppressive heat.
4	It's not hip, it's not cool, it's not trendy.   it's just decent food at REALLY decent prices, and that's why it's always packed.  my grandmother lives right around the corner and loves to come here.  she loves the camaraderie (her word) between staff and regular customers (there are many.)  she loves the liver and insists that they use only the highest quality, "otherwise it wouldn't taste very good."  I won't touch liver so I'll take her word for it.  the BF and i took her here for brunch yesterday and i was delighted that the three of us could get decent, simple, fast breakfasts with coffee for $20 total.  it wasn't fantastic, it wasn't super savory, but it was good and it made my Granny Franny happy.  can't ask for anything else!
4	Awesome place near old town to grab breakfast - even on the weekends they are FAST - get bacon in your mouth in less than five minutes... 2 eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes, and toast will set you back about $7... ...or you could choose someplace super trendy and wait an hour in line with the other hungover idiots.
3	A blast from the past - if your past was hanging out at Denny's in Sun City. It's more of a senior joint, but the food is pretty good and priced fair. It's a place you would go grab a bite with grandma... maybe have a slice of pie. Service is good, food is good, prices are right, and daily specials. The only real drawback is the atmosphere. It's comfy and clean and all that, but it's just really dated - and even in the late 80s/early 90s this look wasn't terribly hip. That, and the fact they don't take credit cards knocks off one star.
2	This is a good place for a quick meal. We've eaten breakfast here a few times. The food is always decent, the service always prompt. Here's the thing - I always feel RUSHED, totally rushed. I'm not the type of person that nurses a drink,  takes up a table for hours or sips coffee all morning. I don't even read the paper while I'm there, although I might like to if I didn't feel so rushed.This morning I noticed a sign that says "During our busy times, please do not conduct your business meetings, studying.." I can't remember the rest but I found it offensive.I can understand that they don't want people taking up a table when paying customers are waiting. I totally get that. However, the place is huge and I've never waited for a table. Perhaps if the wording was different. If people are hanging out, aren't they spending money? Even if they're drinking coffee? Maybe the patio could be self service so waiters don't have to miss out on customers. It totally rubbed me the wrong way and it's plastered as soon as you walk in the door. It's like saying "Don't enjoy your time here, get in and get out!"In this economy you think they'd be happy to have any business.
4	My favorite neighborhood place for breakfast when I don't want a 30-minute wait for a table, a 30-minute wait for my food, and a $30 bill.We had the longest wait ever on a Sunday at noon, and it was still only about 10 minutes.  Usually, your breakfast comes so fast you think Samantha Stephens must be in the kitchen.  Nothing special on the menu-typical diner fare but always hot and tasty.  Lunch and dinner aren't bad either.  Great prices.  I always have Randy's breakfast which is 2 eggs, 2 bacon strips, 2 sausage links, and 2 pancakes for $4.65, I think.  Servers have always been attentive as well.It is true the place is packed with seniors who are inevitably standing in the middle of the walkways talking to their neighbors about Depends or the stock market or whatever else they talk about.  And Randy's doesn't take plastic-I don't mind since it's so cheap.  They did just put an ATM in the lobby and they also take checks.
5	Phenomenal, cheap, fast hangover food.  This place totally reminds of a diner that you would see in a tiny little town where everyone knows each other.  The servers are friendly, there are lots of options for different egg substitutes, and the service is quick.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone who woke up in a random apartment in Old Town, and needs some food quick!  One quick reminder though - be sure to bring your check book or cash!!  They do not take credit.
3	I go by this restaurant every time I have to go to the bank and it always seems busy. I decided to stop in and have lunch on my way to the bank. The selection was good and they have a good number of specials. I had the Monday spacial which was a chicken fiesta salad. It was $7.50 and the portion size was average. It was OK but i was still hungry. So I ordered a cup of chili. It also was average , but It was served a little on the cool side and the sour cream I asked for was $.50 extra. I thought $3.00 for a cup of chili was a bit much. The service was good and the wait time for the food was also good. From reading the reviews from other Yelpers I expected to see the cast of Cocoon having lunch here. It wasn't that bad, although I thought I did see a couple of them around the room.
3	Amazingly wide selection of options!  Decent enough quality, fastest enough for lunch, relativly affordable for the area.
5	awesome neighborhood diner - super fast service and cheap food.  nothing fancy -they keep it real.
4	I go here when i am working and want to get away from the work place enviroment. It is like a diner out of the early 70s and most of its breakfast/lunch/diners are priced like that as well the salads are great you may find caned fruit w/your salad but it works, the chili is very good meatloaf w mash potatoe and a caned veg... oh well when its on special its 4.95 and a great portion, lots of seniors.....but of course....they don't bite if you want a great budget meal this is a great spot.......oh and a friendly staff
4	Ok love, love this place. First time I have ever gone anywhere and when ready to leave was asked did I want to go cups for drinks. We said yes and the waitress got them for us. Iced tea, coffee and soda. The food is great, service great, biscuits and gravy still not as good as Brass Rail. Even on a Sunday right at lunch did not have to wait. WIll go back as often as I can afford the drive and the meal.
3	This is a restaurant that would be a perfect fit in Iowa or Michigan. It's a bit of the Midwest in the middle of Scottsdale. They offer good food, fast and friendly service in a spotless, well-lit restaurant and if you can't find something you want on this big menu, you're just not hungry. Randy's is open for breakfast, lunch and dinner and they have a uniquely midwestern concept of offering "options" with full meals that can be used for three sides, a side, a drink and a dessert or in any combination. It's kind of cute and fun but allows the customer to customize the meal. Food quality is always consistent. I have noticed that plates are now smaller as are portions, so they lose a star for that. Portion shrinkage is common in Arizona, I'm afraid and Randy's has gone this route as well as raising prices but only slightly. That aside, I still say it's a good place to get a good, simple meal and they even have corned beef and cabbage on Thursdays. This place caters to an older crowd of locals and snowbirds which typically are in early, so go around 7pm and there won't be a wait (but they may be our of corned beef by that time.)Randy's is a CASH-ONLY establishment with NO BAR but their iced tea is really good.
1	If I could give this place no stars, I would! Awful all around! My girlfriend and I met for breakfast the Sat after Thanksgiving. She was about 5 min away, but the hostess refused to seat us until she arrived. Whatever...I can roll with it. Then, I notice 2 tacky little signs indicating "We take cash only" and some nonsense about not having meetings or studying there..i.e. don't take up too much time. I should have bolted right then! The food is marginal at best, nothing outstanding at all about it. I will admit, it's cheap. However, here's the ickiest thing about Randy's. A male waiter in his late 40's-early 50's passed by our table and my friend politely asked him for a refill on her coffee. He replied "I will only refill your cup if you do this" and proceeds to shake his chest toward us. We gave a blank stare and he said "I saw you shake your chest when you walked in." We both just sat there stunned! Not only was it incredibly offensive and inappropriate, it bordered on sexual harassment. Also- my young children heard the whole exchange. I will NEVER step foot inside this place again. Terrible experience all around and the waiter should be fired!
2	This is THE place to be for the older folks. The cute little seniors all seemed to know one another and it was nice taking a break from the usual Scottsdale crowd and watching them interact w/ one another. The food however was not as enjoyable.. for me, at least. I had the philly cheese with well done fries for lunch. It was so bland and flavorless I had to dip it in ranch and Tabasco (and I don't even like Tabasco). Good thing the prices are pretty reasonable. I might be back to try out some basic breakfast items since it's usually pretty simple and hard to screw up. Just remember that it's a cash only joint!
2	A Dear John letter to Randy's.Oh how I once loved you. Okay, maybe love is the wrong word, but I counted on you for consistency. For good breakfasts, decent prices and fast, fast service.But Randy's, you've broken my heart. Not with the hair I found in my steak and eggs last Saturday but with your heartless, corporate policies. Randy's, remember the days when you were independent and cared about your reputation? Remember when the customer was usually right and when things went wrong that meant making it right?Yes, I found a hair in my food. But I'm no prude. I realize that can happen anywhere. And does. But your refusal to do anything but replace the food sans hair is forcing me to leave you. Forever. Yes, I talked my feelings through with the waitress, then the manager, and then Randy himself. But my head shouldn't have to spin off my shoulders to get a $8 refunded to me and a meal replaced for the inconvenience of a hair in my food.So I bid you a fond farewell, Randy's. I've had good meals and so-so meals in your humble restaurant, but I have to draw the line. And I'm drawing it at poor management. Love 'em or leave 'em the saying goes. And I'll be sure not to the let the door hit me in the bum on the way out.Love, me.
5	Cute little mom and pop diner. Very clean, excellent and friendly service, very reasonable, the food comes fast and hot, and is usually pretty decent as well. If you go for breakfast, ask to sit in Jeff's section. The man is perhaps the best waiter I've ever seen. He is quick, anticipates your needs, and delivers your food almost before you order it! My daughter calls him "Uncle Jeff" and he always has a big hug for her.If you like great desserts, try the "Denver Mint". A pile of mint chocolate chip ice cream, smothered in hot fudge and topped with whipped cream, nuts and a cherry. Enough for two or three people!It's right around the corner from a retirement community, so if the Geritol crowd turns you off, maybe you should go somewhere else. For the rest of us though, it's a nice, clean, friendly neighborhood diner. One note though: They only accept cash but there is an ATM next to the cash register.
2	Randy's is a longtime local Scottsdale business with fast, fast, fast service and decent short-order cook style breakfast, lunch and dinner. I like that there is an extensive menu but the charm is that you can just tell the waitress what you want and they can produce it for you in less than a minute. Small town feel in a big city with a fast-food restaurant order elegance. If you don't like to cook your own scrambled eggs, this is a good option for you. I wouldn't expect any fancy omelets or ingredients and presentation is unnecessary (it would just slow the food down which comes out very quickly). I was turned off by the hostess that can't say hi while taking your name. I know its busy and the service is fast, fast, fast (they are fast) but say Hi and Good Morning, its just polite. Remember, small town feel, big city? I don't like sitting down when the tip is still on the table from the last guest. I know that I am not the only person going to sit at that table but it feels like the table didn't get a good break between guests. The table was wiped clean but still, make it feel like it is ready for a new customer. I also found a hair in my food, an eyelash. I think it could have been mine, yes, I am going to say it's mine, probably fell out when I blinked after I ordered and my food arrived. Too bad, I don't eat as fast because it was obvious that we needed to get out, out, out for the next customer.
4	Great breakfast. Fast and cheap, super friendly service. Lots of choices for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Great neighborhood spot for any meal. Be warned, it's cash only.
3	So a friend took me to breakfast here.  Our food came out at the speed of light.   Good eggs and bacon and hash brown for a good price. I'd come back for more breakfast items
5	This is the best place to go for breakfast.  The offer really cheap meals and super fast service, even on Saturday and Sundays.  Be prepared to stand in line, and bring cash -- they don't accept credit cards.
2	I have hesitated before to give not so great reviews to places, especially when they seem to be a valley institution and they are family run, however the whole reason we use Yelp is to help us make decisions on where we want to spend our hard earned money.  When dealing with any situation that has both good and bad points I always take the bad first.  Here it goes:Even though the staff was friendly I was giving only a spare few minutes to scan the menu before the waitress was back asking for my order.  I was a server for years and it is bad form to ask someone for their order while the menu is still open in their hand and it is obvious they are reading it.  When I asked for some more time, it was given to me but I felt it was somewhat reluctantly which lead to feeling more rushed.  So I rushed and ordered something so stupid and the moment my order was out of my mouth I regretted it, tacos.  I know, horrible!  I don't know what I was thinking, I was hungry, only a granola bar was eaten to satiate my hunger hours ago.Taco Bell is better, these had very little meat, one was so scarce I wasn't sure if the meat was left off until I bit into it.  The meat iself left the tacos sitting in a pile of grease, gross.  The only toppings were a sprinkling of lettuce and smidge of cheese.  They brought tabasco to the table and when  I asked for tapatio or cholula I was brought sriracha.  Finally I got some hot sauce that I didn't recognize the name but it was spicy enough. The taco shells were store bought and stale, ugh.Basically I thought I would write it off on a bad choice but the bottom line to me is if you have it on your menu it should be good.  I have hesitated in writing negative reviews for other places because I have decided for one reason or another to try it again before I review it.  Even though this place is cheap I know I won't go back there again, hence this review.Oh yes, I also think it is pretty lame to have an establishment that size and this day and age  letting you pay cash only.  The ATM in the front charges a fee, I wonder who gets to pocket that fee?
4	Oh Randy's! I have lived next to you for the past two years, and am kicking myself for not stopping in sooner.Living in Old Town, we are lucky to be surrounded by many local, unique places for a bite to eat. Normally on a weekend morning we'd venture to The Good Egg, the Breakfast Club or the Pancake House. A few months back we decided to stop by Randy's, and we are SO happy we did.First, it is a no frills type of place. Lots of seating, the food comes out quick, the menu is basic, and it's a cash only place. Everyone that works there is busy, but friendly. The food is good, basic and filling. The prices are fantastic for the value you get. We typically come for breakfast, but this past weekend we enjoyed a delicious late lunch, and even stopped by later that evening on a bike ride for a scoop of ice cream.I love going to Randy's, I like the food, like the people, like how normal it is. Two thumbs up :).
4	This is our favorite family place for breakfast, lunch or dinner.  Having moved from 40th Street Cafe in North Phoenix, this place was everything I had hoped it would be.  The waitstaff could be members of your own family and always make our little 15 month old smile.  The price for what you get is amazing and they have wonderful seasonal specials (try the pumpkin grain cakes, YUMMY!).  The service may be quick, but the food is quick too and the menu can be described in two words.  Comfort food.  If you're looking for a low cost, highly delicious mom & pop restaurant where you'd swear your mom was in the kitchen I'd check this place out.  Just remember.  They only accept cash or check.  Don't plan to pay with plastic.
3	Like others have said great local place fast and efficient food with no wait at a great price. Light and healthy choices for breakfast and the hash browns are old school good. Biscuits and gravy were average as well as the pancakes. Cash only is a bit hard to swallow.
4	Where to begin. How many times have I driven by Randy's over the years? Maybe 100 or probably even more? Every time I drive by, I look in and see crowds enjoying themselves; especially around 4:30 for the early bird special. But can you blame a place located in the heart of old town for having some retirees on their list of regulars? I can't. In fact, I applaud Randy's. Apparently the old timers know what's up. Let me be truthful here. Randy's is just a diner. It's your everyday, run of the mill, All American neighborhood diner...and it's awesome. Walking in on a Saturday morning at 9:30, the place was jam packed with folks of all ages. The staff quickly greeted us and scurried us to an open table while keeping a smile on their face. Looking around, guests looked like they were having a good time. Whether it was the group of partiers who needed some grease to settle their hangover or the retirees on the run from Sun City andd taking a morning walk to get breakfast and coffee, I saw just about every type of person at Randy's. Now let me get to the menu. I am pretty sure that not a thing on the breakfast menu exceeds $6.00. Slowly but surely, Scottsdale's losing this trait of economically priced meals so I salute Randy's for keeping the prices down. Now on to star number two in my book of Randy's cuisine. Do you ever go to a restaurant for breakfast and think...I'd really like an egg but I'm also craving a pancake or french toast, but I don't want nor do I need a full order of carbs. I do all the time. I love pancakes and I love french toast, but there's a rare occasion when I actually order that as my main entree for a meal. Enter Randy's. In their 20+ breakfast combination choices, they offer options like "one egg, one piece of bacon, and a half order of french toast" or the same but with a pancake instead. When I read this, my heart skipped a beat for Randy wherever he is. And let me also mention that this meal is around $4.50. Can't beat that! The food itself was just what the doctor ordered. It tasted homemade, with flavor and it was just the right amount of food. Now don't walk in expecting The Food Network to feature Randy's, but if you want a solid breakfast at a decent price, this is your spot. But buyer beware. They only accept cash or checks. Better bring some cash because if you are under the age of 60, I highly doubt you're walking around with a check book and if you lack both, you'll be slapped with a $3 ATM fee. That's nearly the price of the meal! So until next time Randy's. With a six (?) page menu chock full of everything imaginable in small town USA dining, I think I have my hands full getting through it!
5	There aren't many places around like Randy's... unfortunately.  I have been going there for 15 years now.  I put Randy's in the classic diner category.  It's good food at a very reasonable price.  They know their business.  If you want eggs, pancakes, bacon and sausage for $5, order Randy's breakfast.  It's there in about 5 minutes ON A BUSY DAY.  Consistency is what it takes to run a great restaurant and that's what they have.  Oh, and the blueberry pancakes are perfect.  Not too dry, not to mushy and loaded with blueberries. Hands down my favorite breakfast joint.
2	Not impressed in the least.crowded for what? the food? NOT. old folks looking for their next victim to black widow. Must be.chopped california cobb was a small portion, but good for lunch. problem was they must have microwaved the chicken then mixed the whole salad together thereby rendering the chicken cool and the salad warm and grossly wilted.save your time and money and let the codgers stay here and socialize with randy and his wife at the next booth over.boo
4	Still the best buy west of the Mississippi. Service, price, food quality & variety...EXCELLENT. Nancy, my server, has the whole package, friendly, professional, efficient, knowledgeable, good conversationalist. An eight minute walk from where I live.
5	Menu has everything you would find at a family restaurant and the prices are low to medium. The staff is always very friendly and accommodating. Breakfast is the best  priced and comes out fast. Mostly caters to the local older crowd. A great place for a quick meal. No frills but has nice outdoor seating as well. THEY ONLY ACCEPT CASH OR CHECK to keep prices down but have an ATM nearby if you need it. I've never had a bad meal here.
4	ok - so you wake up hungover on Sunday morning and think DAMN I'm hungry.  Please do not go to somewhere crappy like McDonald's.  Instead take your hungover self to Randy's and get some home-cooked, grandma-style, just-how-you-like-it breakfast.  This place is deceiving because it's in a shopping center, tucked away on the end and looks a little dated.  Do not let any of that fool you.  Randy's is incredible, and it's incredibly cheap.  They have a large, extensive menu, and you won't be disappointed!  Oh, do remember though, they only take cash.  Kind of old school, but totally worth it!
5	I really have to laugh at all the less-than-stellar reviews here. It's kinda funny how many people WRITE Yelp reviews, but do not bother to actually READ Yelp reviews BEFORE they eat somewhere. Come on folks! There really are no surprises at Randy's!!!YES, Randy's is cash only. It's no secret, and I'm sure it's done for good reasons. Whether or not you understand it, it is what it is. Deal with it or go somewhere else, sheesh. Quit crying already.YES, Randy's is a favorite hang out for the older crowd. Get over it. It's decent food at a decent price, served quickly and with a smile. And yet you're "offended" that it attracts "codgers"? Really? You went there, what does that say about you?NO, I would not ever recommend Randy's for their tacos, but quite honestly, if you go into a Mom and Pop Diner in Scottsdale and order TACOS (supposedly because you felt "rushed" and didn't know what else to order?!?) it is very clearly your own fault. Quit blaming other people for your own shortcomings. Next time, try the Cheeseburger with fries and coleslaw.  Better yet, go for breakfast and order just about anything...except Tacos.
4	Kept driving by and saw the crowds so decided to give it a try.  Went for breakfast on a Sunday.  Got a booth within 5 minutes, which I was shocked about since it was so crowded.  We explained to our friendly waitress that this was our first time and she made some recommendations. Went with a french toast combo and chocolate chip pancakes on their special menu.  We were not disappointed, both were great and arrived in record time - also it was one of the cheapest breakfasts we have ever had!  We will be going back now we have discovered Randy's and may even try dinner.
5	I love Randys! The food is always really good and really fast! Its cheap and everyone is very friendly. Its my go to breakfast spot. Only downfall is they only take cash so no plastic everyone!
5	Ate here at randys last night & sat on the patio, it was just the right amount of food & it included a scoop of yummy ice cream, can't beat that!!! Back today to try the lunch menu, food just came out in record time, gotta go eat now!
4	Randy's has become our go to breakfast spot. The place is always packed on the weekends and I know why. This place has very good breakfast for a very good price. Most breakfast items, which come with toast and delicious hashbrowns, will only set you back $5-$6. They menu here is huge, so you most likely will have a hard time deciding what to order. The service here is amazing as you literally order and get your food within 5 minutes. The only drawback to this place is that it is cash only, but they do have an ATM.
4	A classic diner. A large selection of food at cheap prices. I've been here twice and happy with my breakfast each time. If you are looking for a local old faithful breakfast spot... Randy's is the place.
4	I hesitate to do this review, because you can't get into Randy's without a wait, especially during the "season". However, they have great breakfasts at very (as in cheap) prices, and everyone should know it!Randy's doesn't accept credit or debit cards,which is a good business practice, I'd say. The food comes out so fast that you barely do your Yelp check-in, and voila! your food is at your table!The dinners, in my opinion, are only so-so, but lunches and breakfasts are good, fast, and cheap!
3	I wasn't a fan of their food at all, but our server was great. One of our friends had an emergency and had to leave right after getting her food and she took it off our bill. No problem
4	We've been regulars at Randy's for years.  They serve decent food at reasonable prices.  It's not particularly inventive or extraordinary, but you generally know what to expect and some of their specials are really quite good.  We like their burger baskets served with fries, coleslaw and a tiny scoop of ice cream.  High-boy burger with 2 patties, onions, cheese & thousand island dressing keeps hubby smiling.  I also like their $4.99 specials, no substitutions but just the right amount of food for me.The servers are friendly and efficient and keep the tables turning over.  Owners are always present to make sure things everything flowing.  They know how to run the business.  You can be in and out in half the time of a regular sit-down restaurant if you like.  Randy's has a loyal following with some folks making this their regular dining table.  They cater to an older crowd, many who come for the cheery familiar service as much as the food.If you are looking for a gourmet experience, keep moving.  Overall value and dependability keep us coming back.
3	Went here at 10 AM Sunday morning. No line, got seated promptly. Good selection of food and it came over VERY fast, that's good for a very hungry woman. So three stars for quick service and a nice waitress, but honestly the food was pretty boring. The sausage was juicy, but the bacon was too crunchy, the scrambled eggs mediocre and the grain cakes tasted strange. I love pancakes and I could barely eat these. There was WAY too much nutmeg or some spice in it. It was overwhelming. My friend could smell it from across the table. The food was cheap though so it was good enough to justify what we ate, but too many good breakfast options nearby to come back. Oh, and they only take cash or checks because the credit card company charges too much. And this is a decent-sized establishment! I've been to tiny whole-in-the-walls that took CCs. I was annoyed by this. It's 2011, let's get with the program!
1	I'm a food critic journalist In tour in the USA from Italy for a book I'm writing about the culinary experiences around the world.I only have one thing to say about this unfortunate accident that forced me to meet somebody in this disgusting place.Who was the criminal that put the word restaurant to this pile of junk??
4	My husband found the place on Yelp, so we took our 3 year old son for dinner at during the holiday break.  When we walked ina, wanted to hate it based on the decor alone.....However, that being said,  the waitress treated our son like a king, the milkshakes were amazing, and the food pretty much tasted like mom used to make.... Simple but good....The chicken noodle soup tasted like homemade and the burgers were tasty.No complaints... Decent food and excellent service.  No wonder this place has been around so long.
2	Ive been going to Randy's for years, ever since they were at the old place which is now a Safeway.   Needless to say I've had just about everything on their menu. Randy's used to be a reasonably priced restraunt with great food, but it has slowly turned into an over priced restraunt with smaller and smaller portions.  Breakfast is still a pretty good buy, but lunch and dinner are simply not.  I just came from Randy's and had the buffalo chicken salad like I have so many other times.  The salad was $8 and looked like an oversized side salad.  I have noticed this very same thing on many of there other meals.  I ve probably have had my last dinner at Randy's tonight but I may make another breakfast trip.  To end on a good note the servers are usually the best!
2	MEH.why did my food have to be bland and flavorless. I wish I would have gotten a hamburger instead. It looked so good after i ate half of my bland breakfast burrito with bacon(bacon and eggs you cant go wrong in a tortilla with cheese but THEY DID!).  So i added some salsa to it to see if it would kick it up a notch...Did it work? (oh hell no!) it just felt like it added unnecessary moisture to my burrito. So i had to call the waitress who i only saw for the most part when we first arrived and up until I got my extra hot sauce that was desperately needed severely. The fact I only ate half is bad for a business that means I didn't enjoy nearly as much as I should have.I really really wanted to try their pies because they are supposed to be awesome and home made and I do not mind trying places that are supposed to have good pie because I like to compare and contrast to my own pies. But what really pissed me off is i had the time to ask her what kind of pie they had and then our waitress went missing did not come back til the guy I am a caregiver for finished all his food and wanted his bill. BUT i easily could have finished a pie ala mode before he finished his food if she came to check on us one time after the hot sauce incident. I was trying to figure out where the hell she was most of the time and I had noticed that she was outside waiting on tables. Why on earth would a manager allow a woman or man wait on a huge area in two different areas?Huge pet peeve i easily could have given them 4-5 stars if the service was decent that day and they easily were on the right track up til the hot sauce incident. Then the down fall came with such force to make me rate this establishment a 2. Sad times. So much potential and they blew it.
4	If it's Corned Beef and Cabbage you like, Randy's on Thursday night is the place to go!!  I'm there at least twice a week. The food is good and there are planty of specials on the board every day.  Their soups are always great!   They now have gluten-free bread so I can actually get a sandwich again!  Best of all...the waitstaff are all wonderful, friendly and attentive.  They greet you like an old friend!  Great neighborhood place.
5	Been going there since they opened; food is good, hot and comfortable with efficient friendly service. In and out quickly without feeling rushed or  like I just broke my budget.  I recommend it to everyone I run into.
5	I love going to Randy's for breakfast. Just last week, when old friends from college came to town, I took them to Randy's. Its a great place to stop and talk and the foods great too. I judge my breakfast stops by their chicken fried steak and eggs and Randy's has one of the best out there. The service is always fast and friendly. I love that I can sit back and enjoy my breakfast with out the feeling of being rushed. I like to share my favorite places in Facebook and Randy's a hit with me. I also think that you should add green chiles to more of your breakfast dishes. Yum!
5	Love the breakfast at Randy's!  Always delicious and the best service ever!  Do more events like breakfast with the birds! That was awesome!
5	Have been here a few times now and have been extremely pleased with everything I have ever ordered.  The corned beef and cabbage is amazing and you can not go wrong with the homemade pies!
3	Pretty average food. Heard It was so great but no different than a Perkins or Village Inn.
4	Great little find!  I have driven by this place a gazillion times and finally stopped in yesterday for a late breakfast.  I had the skinny scramble. Egg whites, feta, spinach, mushrooms and tomatoes over a smaller size portion of the country potatoes.  YUMMY!  Huge menu with lots of choices.....I will definitely go back to sample other menu items!!
5	This is now a regular for dinner for us at least once a week.  The specials change nightly and come with soup/salad and dessert - you will not find a better deal in town.   Your meal will come out in record time.  We have never been disappointed, pasta, sandwiches, fish, Mexican -  you name it they do a great job.  Service is awesome.  Check out facebook as well, as they do great deals on there too, like a free entree, if you show the server the facebook special page.
4	Here's the thing about Randy's; if you are looking for fancy, hip, alcohol, and artistic food in your breakfast joint selection... you are not going to like Randy's.  That being said, if you are looking for midwestern-diner-food quality with tons of options, affordable pricing, and service so fast it makes you tired watching; you sir or madame are in for a treat.Nestled into a classic Arizona strip mall, Randy's gives you the option of avoiding chain diners like Denny's or IHOP, but still keeping the benefits.  Who says you can't have your local cake and eat it too?Randy's accepts cash or personnel checks, which should tip you off on the median age of its patrons.  There is a long counter you can snag a seat at if you are flying solo, as well as a few old TV's up behind it playing sports/news for the morning crowd... or you could just go with the diner vibe and watch the kitchen behind the pass-thru window and see if you can figure out how they are so gosh darn efficient with so much variety.  Randy's has an ice cream counter where you pay the tab, along with an ATM for emergencies. The place is fairly large, and there is decent outdoor seating for when its not the blistering dog days of summer, as well as plenty of parking.  It's not very pretty in there, the whole place including the booths, ranges in color from pink to mauve and back again (desert 90's chic) but it gets the job done andddddd the servers always seem to be on point with the coffee refills, which ranks about x10 higher in my book of breakfast importance.Now I love a showy brunch, most likely more so then the next person, but when I am in the mood to eat and not take all day... Randy's fits the bill.  Is Randy's 4 stars in comparison to a trendy brunch spot with all the bells and whistles and a celebrity chef?  No.  Is Randy's 4 stars for great service, breakfast food that looks and tastes like you expect, and the ability to: get in, get fed, and get out without "rushing the experience"?  You betcha.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!  Closest thing you can get to a real diner in AZ. Delicious food, super fast service and great prices.
5	My #1 breakfast place of all time.. Amazing prices and you get a lot of food! I always get #17.. It's amazing!!Only thing they could do better is accept credit cards.. They are a cash only place, I'm sure this keeps prices low. They also have an ATM onsite which helps..
4	Nice clean neighborhood restaurant. Local flair, great menu of good food choices. Breakfasts are excellent... Servers friendly and super fast service.
5	While living in Scottsdale and then recently visiting, Randy's is a staple. The oatmeal at breakfast is beyond divine, no quick oats here, slow cooked until thick creamy and heavenly. The menus are varied and offer great value for the money, large portions, daily specials, divine ice cream and sorbets,a favorite for locals and smart visitors who want to go where the locals go. You can eat in the porch, depending in your weather tolerance. The heat never bothered us but you had a cheerful A/C  cooled interior if you wished. Can get busy! Never a long wait, and well worth  it. This might be considered a diner, but its a diner where the locals keep going year after year. Not fancy, not haute cuisine, just a cheerful restaurant with delicious food! Comfort food! And plenty of it.
2	I think for the average person I would give it 4  stars but for the reasons stated below it dropped significantly!  If I cannot be safe then what's the point?  First off a yelp check in offer appears for this restaurant stating a deal on gluten free toast.  According to the Manager they don't advertise with yelp and think that yelp is a rip off because if you don't advertise with them then you get less stars...so that is why she'd never advertise with yelp. So I don't know why that comes up on my phone app.I am a celiac so it is dangerous for my health if I eat gluten (wheat, barley, etc.)  This restaurant offers gluten free toast and pancakes.  Most people would assume that since they offer these choices then they would follow cross contamination guidelines and know how to prepare food to keep people with Celiac safe.This is not the case. Yesterday, I had an excellent waitress.  I asked her point blank if the gluten free toast (which is more expensive) was toasted in a dedicated toaster.  She said that yes, it was toasted.  I then said again specifically, "So you have a toaster JUST for the gluten free toast?  And you are using separate utensils and butter?"  She looked at me like I was speaking Russian (and that is NEVER a good sign when addressing these issues.)She stated, it's toasted in the big toaster we use for the toast.  AH!  So then I asked if they prepare the gluten free pancakes on the same griddle as the regular ones and prep those in the same area as well.  And the answer (that I figured was coming) was yes.  No, there is no other prep area in the back for keeping gluten free items apart.  No cross contamination education imparted.  She didn't even understand that there needed to be any procedures followed. Now, don't get me wrong, this was a very nice waitperson.  She was very concerned when I was asking her these questions.  I asked her if she could make sure that someone with clean hands (not having touched regular items) could get me my slices of gf bread and just put them on my plate and not toast it?  And she did that for me herself!Pretty soon the Manager came over to follow up on the gf toast issue.  I asked her again if they had training and separated areas for the gf products and she said that they did not.  I asked her why they didn't if they were offering gluten free toast and pancakes.  I told her that I get sick when the toast is made in the same toaster from the other bread crumbs being on my gf toast.  That I had eaten it there before and now understood why I had been sick!Her answer (I kid you not!) was that people with Celiac Disease should just KNOW that a restaurant like theirs wouldn't follow protocols or that a person should ASK how they were prepared.   They just offered gluten free items for people restricting gluten from their diet for lifestyle.REALLY?  Advertising something gluten free and charging significantly higher prices for it do NOT get you access to the safety of training your employees?  NOT stating that on your menu?  I now KNOW that she knows there is a difference since she said that she expects Celiac's to know they won't follow safety precautions!I told her that I think that she is endangering people's health and that her answers were not acceptable.  Her entire explanation was that I couldn't possibly hold her responsible for my issues if I didn't explicitely state my needs to her so they could tell me their gf foods are unsafe for me to consume.I won't be back!  But if you don't have gluten or other dietary issues.....go ahead on!
4	The breakfast is the best! We are always amazed how fast our order arrives, the kitchen is super fast. From pancakes to the breakfast sandwich it is delicious. Definitely great comfort food, nothing fancy and the prices are very fair.  Downside, no credit cards and no wifi.
4	Very unique..... felt like I was in small town USA, considering the interior featured shiny pink booths, flashy 80s decor, and patrons wearing "Grandmas Gone Wild" sweatshirts.  I had the evening special:  baked ham with scalloped potatoes and applesauce - tasted just like a good ol' fashioned home cooked meal.  The shake I had for dessert was gigantic, and my wife enjoyed her pumpkin pie.  Anxious to try their breakfast after reading the other reviews now.  Wish I'd have known about this place sooner as I'll be moving out of the area soon...
4	I love Randy's so much I have them on speed dial.  It's the perfect stop on the way to work for good old fashion breakfast. Nothing fancy, however the food is homemade with no short cuts and delicious. How did Drive Inn's, Diners and Dives miss this gold mine? This place is an institution.  My fav's are: Breakfast  : # 5  1/2 order of French toast , eggs, 1 bacon and 1 sausage link for $4.75# 15  1/2 waffle  , eggs, 1 bacon and 1 sausage link for $4.75Banana Pancakes and the breakfast sandwich is good too. Lunch: Lasagna is made with homemade sauce and perfect portions of ricotta. Served with garlic bread and a fresh green salad.Note to self: I need to go for lunch more often.
4	great friendly service and amazing pancakes
4	Randy's is one of those places where the food is always fresh and is closet thing to home cooking without cooking at home. And the prices are great! I especially like Sundays as they allow you to pick any daily special and the price to go along with it for the week. They also have daily specials that are very affordable. The daily dinner specials include soup or salad( albeit a very small salad) coffee or tea and Desert which by the way all of their deserts are homemade. It is a family owned and operated local place .We always try patron locally owned and operated businesses. Weekend breakfast is always very busy. Want fast ,fresh and affordable? Randy's is the place. Remember to bring cash $20 for 2 will more then cover it. They have an ATM just in case you forget! Enjoy!
4	I visited Scottdale with the kids---was very happy initially to find a place that was easy on the wallet.  But then I ordered the Corn Beef Hash (recommended by the waittress), and WOW---that was just a wonderful experience that I will definitely revisit next time I'm in the neighborhood!
2	Food was ok, nothing great. Food network would say it needs salt. Worst thing was that they are cash only. Who does that anymore? Even the old lady behind me was digging for quarters.
5	Went there twice on our short trip to Scottsdale because the food and service was so good. They have so many breakfast choices and the kids menu was just perfect for my two little ones. Great prices only downside for us was that they only accept cash. I had read that on here ahead of time though so it was no surprise.
4	Great little diner. I got the Hiboy Burger with sweet potato fries and it was amazing. They use a good quality beef that doesn't shrink down a lot after they cook it. Sweet potato fries were nice and crispy.
4	I love Randy's!  A neighborhood classic.  Good prices and even better food.  My wife and I have eaten multiple meals here and were never disappointed.  We are typically one of the youngest in here when we go.  This is nice because there's not screaming kids or anything like that ruining our meal.  Try the pies!  My personal favorite is the peanut butter ice cream pie!
4	Another great breakfast. Consistently fast to serve and always topping off your coffee or other drinks. Today the 2 egg special, sunny side up, with bacon, sausage, rye toast and home fries cooked in bacon fat was delicious. They are cash only but there is an ATM on site if necessary.  If you get a counter seat, expect your meal unless than 3 minutes as service there is lightning fast. The servers and all staff have always been friendly and willing to serve with a smile.
4	Fast service and my skinny skillet was tasty. The toast was buttered thereby counteracting the skinniness but overall good. Leaving happy. :)
5	We found this place after trying RnR, breakfast club and all the other trendy places on Scottsdale. Those places had snobby wait staffThe wait staff every week at Randy's are friendly and accommodatingThe food is home cooked and awesome Gluten free pancakes bread and more They cater to healthy and home goodness
5	Omgosh.  This place is a block from my house so the location is convenient.  My initial perceptions before going were sketchy but once my husband and I went in for breakfast a few weekends back, we are weekend regulars!! The employees are so great! They are friendly and whether they are serving you or not, they give the friendliest greeting with a smile. Nothing phony. The place is VERY clean - dated but CLEAN. Just the 80's pink but it's cleverly nostalgic. My husband and I love sitting at the bar so we can watch morning sports after our workouts. The service is quick!! I don't think I've been anywhere with faster service - and even firing the busiest of morning breakfast hours!! The kitchen crew is crazy organized and efficient.  The food is FABulous!! Yum yum!! My favorite is the skinny skillet. So freakin good. My husband is a big muscular guy and he easily is fueled up by the food, too. We will definitely keep coming back. Love this place!!!! They only take cash or checks which is probably why the prices are so great, too! But if you forget, they have an ATM by the front door. Get in here!!! :-)
5	Good food, Great price and friendly staff. One of my favorite restaurants  in the valley for a good comfort food/home cooked type of meal.
4	Surprised by the modest prices on the menu and for once in a long time I felt like I was dining in the past, especially with the sincerely friendly service.  Decor was dated too but clean and comforting.  I just felt right away that I was in a very welcoming place for some good diner food.  For the first time in awhile it felt like my server was someone who enjoyed working as a server, meeting people, and we felt like our business was actually appreciated.  Wow, novelty.  I looked for an explanation for why it was too good to be true, perhaps it was because it was a slower period between breakfast and lunch on a weekday.  Food was served very hot, fast, and was good for breakfast diner food. The check was so low that I couldn't just leave the standard % range because it would have been insufficient.  Cash only place, and will surely go here again for a nice two egg breakfast with friendly service.
4	$11 for more food than I could eat (eggs, corned beef hash, potatoes, toast), coffee, and fast and friendly service.  Bargain!!Definitely am old school place, but home made and lots of choices.
3	Friendly staff, decent food, reasonable prices. Was expecting homemade or soft serve ice cream but its just Dryers so we skipped that.
5	What a great place.  Cash only folks, so be warned!  They do have an ATM at the front but you will have to pay the fee.The food is terrific, and ranges from sandwiches to meatloaf dinners to Mexican food.  They also do a killer breakfast.  They have daily specials and they make pies fresh daily.
4	Rock-bottom prices and fast friendly service are the highlights of this neighborhood diner. I stepped inside and liked the retro feel of this place. It was a busy morning for them on Friday at 9 A.M., but service was still cheerful and friendly. I decided to get an order to go at the counter to the side of the entrance. I ordered the #2 breakfast special: Corned beef hash, potatoes, 2 eggs, and toast. Quite a lot of food for only $6! You get your choice of how you want your eggs cooked, and type of potatoes and toast. I decided on poached eggs, country potatoes, and wheat toast.I only waited maybe 5 minutes for my order. Wow they are fast! Driving home, the delicious savory smells wafted through my car, increasing my hunger for breakfast! I opened up the to-go boxes and found hearty portions of each component of my meal. They were as follows:Corned beef hash: Looked like it came straight from a can (Perhaps a Hormel can?) Tasty nonetheless (I grew up on that stuff!), and it looked like they dumped the whole can's contents, griddled it, and put it in my meal.Country potatoes: Perfectly cooked and griddled, with a good savory taste.Poached eggs: They came in a small Styrofoam cup with lid to keep the other parts of my meal from getting soggy. The yolks were a little more hard-cooked than I usually like.Toast: The weakest part of the meal. I got 2 whole slices of buttered wheat toast, but each slice was burnt. The toast came with one packet of grape jelly.Overall, it was a lot of food for the amount I paid, and I ate everything (Except the really burnt parts of the toast) with gusto. They accept cash or check only, which keeps prices down. Since it was cold outside that morning, I didn't venture out to the patio area, but it looked nice. One of these days, in nicer weather, I'd like to try it out. I hear they are dog-friendly too, so maybe my pup will come along for the ride!
5	Oh, how I love this place. I was introduced to it a couple years ago when I moved to the Valley. And its certainly a go-to breakfast place. Its like they put your order in before you walk through the door. Faster than fast service every single time.
5	I live right across the street and we love this place! Good food at great prices. Servers are very quick, friendly and attentive!! Food comes out extremely fast. Dogs are allowed on the patio and are given little doggie water bowls.
1	CASH ONLY! I read some reviews before posting this, just to see what was on here.  A previous reviewer would no doubt take me to task for my comments here, so my words to him/her are:  I do not come here to check out a place's reviews. CASH ONLY! I went to this restaurant because it was conveniently located to where I was at lunchtime. When I have a bad experience, I let people know about it.  CASH ONLY!  The food was great, and prices reasonable; that's the one star. CASH ONLY! However, no one mentioned CASH ONLY! until it was time to pay.  That's why only one star--now, there is a sign (not prominent) on the window outside, and there is a sign by the narrow aisle to get to the seating.  However, when it is busy, like lunchtime, and many people are standing in that area, the sign is obscured.  So imagine after a fine meal when you try to pay you are surprised with CASH ONLY!!  Yes, there is an ATM in the lobby; it charges $3.00 for you to use it (I'm sure Randy's gets a cut for letting it be there), and then my bank charged me $2.00 to use it.  So, a $10.00 meal turned into $15.00.  Not so reasonable after all.  CASH ONLY!  is the exception rather than the rule these days, and I'm not buying the article clipping they have next to the cashier as their excuse for the practice.  I was going to be a repeat customer until the rude awakening at the end.  Sorry, Randy's, I won't be back.  CASH  ONLY!!!!
5	This place is the best for breakfast. They are fast and friendly. Try there chorizo and eggs plate it comes with potatoes and beans or try there Mexican skillet. They have the best homemade chunky salsa. This place has been in business for years, definitely my favorite pace to eat when I am in a hurry and want good breakfast.
5	Good food, great service, awesome selection and you couldn't really ask for more. Except no cards excepted.Bring cash for this great diner.
5	If I could give it more than 5 stars I would. This tends to draw an older crowd on weekend mornings but if you're in the need of a great breakfast to cure the night before Randy's is the best spot to go. The portions are huge, the service is non-stop (coffee never gets more than half way before it's refilled)  Literally the fastest service I've ever experienced. We time it as a game to see how quick we get our food...3 minutes and change is the average! The owners and staff are so nice always a warm greeting with a giant smile. It's cash only but they do have an ATM at the front counter.
4	We have gone here for several years,  even though it is a long way from where we live.   It definitely is a locals place.  The food is quite good and the prices are very reasonable.   Everyone is very pleasant.
4	Great diner! Amazing prices! Reminds me of a place back home... we will be back. The milkshakes were awesome!!
1	+-+-+- Reuben Sandwich +-+-+-+-+Ugh ....... it wasn't layered slices of corned beef.ONE THICK SLAB ....... The service was 5 stars.Everyone was very very  friendly.
2	Cash only in this day and age?We shop at the Safeway in the same shopping center as this place. It always seems busy so tonight we decided to give it a try.  We got there around 6:30 p.m. and it was fairly busy. In our mid-forties we felt like we were bringing the average age down significantly. OK, we can live with that. Second observation, welcome to the 80s. Its all pink banquettes and turquoise tabletops, with Scottsdale all being about looks and trends this seemed weird.Our waitress was great. No complaints there. She was attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. Service was quick and friendly. We ordered the lasagna special and an egg salad sandwich. The lasagna came with a salad, which was delivered in a little ice cream dish cup. Cute! The lasagna came with garlic bread.  Part of the lasagna was burnt and covered up with sauce (Yuk). The egg salad sandwich was OK.  Also ordered dessert. We ordered the lemon meringue pie and cookies and cream ice cream. The lemon meringue pie was a huge disappointment. The "lemon" part of the pie was pasty and had zero lemon flavor. We had assumed the ice cream was home made but when paying we noticed it was just Dryers. When we checked out we noticed a sign that they accept cash and check only. We did not notice the small sign posted upon entering because it was hidden behind people waiting to pay. There is indeed an ATM with a $3 charge right by the register. How incredibly convenient.  When waiting about 8 minutes to pay we noticed a bunch of signs at the entry  that they are not seating incomplete parties, not wanting anyone to sit there to work or do homework, etc.... Seemed super unfriendly. So, in wrap-up; the food was mediocre, the service was great, but the method of payment and rather unwelcome signs do not warrant for a return.NEED TO ADD THIS TO MY REVIEW (DAY AFTER ORIGINAL 5/20 POST). SO THE NO DEBIT OR CREDIT CARD POLICY FORCES YOU TO USE THE ATM AT THE CHECK OUT (BECAUSE WHO CARRIES CHECKS ANYMORE). THE ATM STATES THERE IS A $3 FEE. TODAY I CHECK MY BANK ACCOUNT AND THERE IS A $3 FEE AND A $2.50 FEE FROM THE ATM ON MY STATEMENT (NOT A FEE FROM MY BANK, THEIR ATM MACHINE). SO MY $20 DINNER ENDED UP COSTING ME $29.50 CENTS ($4 TIP AND $5.50 IN BANK FEES). A RESTAURANT THAT IS TOO CHEAP TO ACCEPT DEBIT OR CREDIT CARDS BUT THEN FORCES YOU TO USE THEIR ATM WHICH THEY SUPPOSEDLY NOT HAVE A STAKE IN GUARANTEES I WILL NEVER RETURN. FEELING TOTALLY RIPPED OFF.
3	It's hard to screw up breakfast and Randy's delivers consistency every time I dine there.  Despite feeling like an AARP card is required to even step foot into the place, I've always left content with my meal.What I love about Randy's:Consistency - again it's hard to screw up breakfast, but I still enjoy knowing what's coming my way.Speed - I have never spent more than 30 minutes in this place and have often dined in 20 minutes.  Phenomenal! Price - One of the cheapest breakfasts around even compared to IHOP, Denny's, and Coco's.For the people complaining about cash only - step away from your credit cards, I promise it will be ok.  Those 5-7 airline miles you're not earning from this meal aren't worth the bickering.
4	This is one of our favourite places to come for breakfast while visiting Scottsdale. My family loves that we can come with our dog and sit outside with him.  It is an older crowd there, but very friendly. Very fast service and reasonably priced as well - a great neighbourhood diner.  Randy's has an extensive breakfast menu with just about anything you can think of - both healthy and indulgent options. We are big fans and will keep coming back!
5	Fastest service of any sit-down cafe/diner I have ever experienced. Friendly smiles greet you as you walk into this 'locals' joint. The breakfast portions are large, the prices are great and the food is excellent. My favorite is the Randy's Breakfast with Waffle and fresh strawberries w/ whip cream on top. Also a must try is the Banana Pancakes. You just can't beat this place for service, tastiness and price.
4	Good place  lots ofolder folks hear. Bring food to tyou really fast. Friendly, community oriented.
1	Bad environment, worse food. Geriatric smokers coughing everywhere! How does this place continue to operate in Scottsdale?  Simply awful. Canned, mushy vegetables. Not a fresh ingredient to be found anywhere. The even have signage touting themselves for their ice cream. Don't get too excited, it's just Dreyer's. Avoid Randy's at all costs, considering the other options nearby. Disgusting.
5	You know it's good when the check out lady at Walmart highly recommends it to two out of town locals. We decided to give it a go and were happily amazed. At first when we walked in we noticed that the decor could use an update, but the restaurant was packed with locals. We were quickly seated, given a minute to order, placed our order and literally within two minutes had our food. Amazing food at fast-food speed. This restaurant landed on our list of return venues.
4	Although located far from us, we usually stop here when in the area.   They have an extensive menu for a coffee shop/restaurant.   Food always arrives cooked to order and promptly. Located close to a residential area,  they have lots of regulars who are usually greeted by name. If you are looking for gourmet food,  this is NOT your place.   If,  however, you want excellent food that is well prepared and promptly served at a reasonable price,  this definitely IS your place! P.S. This restaurant is owned by the same family for 30+ years and has many very long time employees.   They most be doing something right!!!!
5	I went here with a friend because I've seen this place a lot when I used to work up in Scottsdale.  I was VERY impressed.Service was fast, food hot and fresh within 3 minutes of ordering.  I even liked their green beans and I hate green beans usually.  Portions are big for your money, and delicious.  Their meat loaf is really good. Tons of breakfast, lunch and dinner items, and a big selection of desserts from ice cream to fresh made pies.  Their only drawback, they take cash only.  There is an ATM machine in the lobby though.
5	Randy's always has good food and excellent service.  Their prices are low and portions are big.  Highly recommended!
5	Our first visit was memorable and enjoyable. Our server Debbie treated us with gusto; the service was very speedy; the food was delicious and affordable. We will return even the location is not on our flight path.
5	I love Randy's!  I grew up in the Midwest and places like this are plentiful.  Here in the valley, especially Scottsdale, have few options for home style food at affordable prices.  I've never had a bad meal here and the pie is fantastic!
5	This place was delicious! The staff is very friendly and the food is good. They are very very fast on service! Our food came out less than 5 min after ordering. Just make sure you bring cash. They do have an ATM on site but who really wants to pay a service charge. We will be back for sure to try the pies!!!
4	Randy's is your special local breakfast/lunch spot that is always full of people and great service. I've never had to wait more than 5 minutes for a table on the weekend, even during their busiest times. It's the kind of restaurant you go to that makes you feel right at home and leaves you smiling. I've only gone for breakfast but it's my boyfriends go-to spot whenever his dad is in town visiting. They love the place and now I do too. It's incredibly affordable and the meal sizes are big. I usually get their standard breakfast, bacon, eggs over medium, toast, and hashbrowns. YUM. The hot coffee that keeps on giving is that traditional cup of joe you look for in a spot like this. I'm not going to lie, it's not fancy, it's not going to be 5-star restaurant food, but if you're looking for a heartwarming, welcoming place, that will be nice to your wallet and fill your belly, then this is the place for you!
4	Whenever I want to eat breakfast out, I've been coming here for 20 years. It is the definition of the art. "Cash only" is kinda weird, but just plan accordingly. This morning I had an $8 omlette meal special and asked for a waffle in addition. The waffle was priced at $5.50... is that normal for a waffle? Seems steep. Nonetheless it remains my breakfast place of choice.
1	Food and service were mediocre at best. Cost was about the same as anywhere else. Would rather go to Breakfast Club.
5	Love their breakfast! Waffles are just like home cooked. If you need breakfast in a hurry this is the place, with in 5 mins of ordering your food is at the table.
5	The food here is amazing, and the service is lightening fast!  The food was out within 10 minutes of us ordering, and it tasted fresh.  The prices are very reasonable, but be sure to bring cash!
5	I absolutely adored our waitress. She was incredibly kind and catered to our needs even before we had a chance to acknowledge them. Food was brought out in a matter of minutes despite their busy flow of patrons. Can't say that I have anything bad so say about my experience here.
5	Uh, the staff?? Amazingly nice people who value their work.  Oh, and the food is BOMB
5	Can't go wrong here, Best service, prices and breakfast in Scottsdale, No waiting for food here, you will have in a blink of the eye.  have been going here for years,all always a favorite when  in town. And locally owned, a must place to go .....expect a wait on Sunday morning. Very popular.
