5	I swear to God I would give this place seven stars if it were possible. Maybe 8. This is a staple for friends from out of town that I preface with "Oh you think you have good Mexican food in (blank). You've been lied to. Welcome to El Molino."El Molino purists (usually native Phoenicians and Mexican food addicts, like myself) will go at lengths to remind you that the Scottsdale location now is not its flagship and that El Molino is actually one of the oldest mexican food spots in town. It was originally at 22nd St. and Washington, just east of downtown. The new location is unassumingly hidden behind a Pizza Hut Express on the corner of Scottsdale and Osborn, but don't be fooled. This place is no fly by night.Everything here is good, but I especially recommend anything that has the chile beef (the green is a little spicier than the red, but neither is overbearing). Paricularly, and this is my go-to, get the Nana Rosa Special. They make all the tortillas in house and you can taste the freshness in authenticity at its best with this one. You won't be disappointed.
4	The food is really good.  The only reason I did not give this five stars is because I was in there getting take out one day and saw a cockroach cruising through the dining area.  Not exactly what you want to see as you are waiting for your dinner.  That would be my only complaint, but you know what they say about cockroaches, where you see one....
4	all in all not too bad...  for being in the heart of old town i think the prices are pretty good and the place is really clean... there is limited seating, but it looks more like a carry out place... to me this place is a nice version of a place you would find on the south side...   I loved the shredded beef tacos and they have hot salsa... and they serve beer at a good price...
5	I eat at El Molino an average of once a week for lunch, if that tells you anything.  I like it!  The food is consistently good, the prices are fair, and people who run the place are very nice (Gloria, Lupe, and Richard).  They very thoughtfully have a selection of daily news papers (Wall Street Journal, AZ Republic, etc...) for you to read while waiting for food or while eating.  And, they have free refills on soft drinks.Warning, if you are super sensitive to spicy food, be very careful when ordering.  Their food can get hot (try the chips and salsa).  And, boy is it good.  I usually split a delicious chicken chimichanga with my wife.  We try to avoid fried food, but their chimis rock!  We occasionally get enchiladas, which are also very tasty.  Probably the only thing I've tried and won't order again (although one of friends does) is their hard shell taco.  It's too oily or greesey for my taste.  But hey, you might like it.Overall, I highly recommend El Molino.  Enjoy!
5	this review is based only on take-out orders, but man, i love this place.  as a los angelino with plenty of family in scottsdale, the food from el molino is a perennial highlight on my couple-times-a-year visits.  the tortillias are seriously incredible, and the green corn tamales are awesome too.  omg and the green sauce.  green chile sauce? i don't even really know what it is called, but it rules.  yay!! i'l be back for our annual christmas eve mexican fiesta!!!
4	I read some great reviews and checked it out....wonderful!  I am already planning my trip back.  Incredibly reasonable prices.
5	This place has been a family staple of ours since it was in Phoenix. I think my older sister only comes home at Christmas for the fridge stocked with green chile mixed burros. Make sure you try their guacamole & salsa they are by far the best around and can make your Taco Tuesday at home really special. The service is always top notch and we are welcomed like long lost family.
4	El Molino makes the chimichanga by which I rate all other chimichangas -- if another restaurant doesn't give it  just the right crispiness, with just the right accompaniments of cheese, guacamole and sour cream, then it just doesn't cut it. By the way, after almost 30 years in Phoenix I've eaten more chimichangas than I care to admit. Get El Molino's chicken or machaca chimi, which is often a nightly special for under $8, and you will be in sinus-clearing chimi heaven.
4	What is up with yummy places closing at 8pm?! Chicago Burger Co and now El Molino! Instant star loss for early closures!  Though that'll be the only star loss.. the food here is fresh, home made and tasty! They make the best green chile in Old Town! Cheap, tasty and friendly always has a place in my heart!
3	After reading the reviews, I couldn't wait to eat there last night.  But I have to say, I just wasn't that impressed.  Maybe my expectations were too high.  I thought it was pretty good food, but nothing great.After reading the food can be pretty hot, I ordered the red chile chimi which is milder.  I wish I had ordered the green.  The red had no heat whatsoever and it needed a little more flavor, but it wasn't bad.  I thought the beans were okay, consistency of homemade, but the seasoning reminded me of canned beans.  The guacamole seemed a little over processed to me, not bad, but not to die for.Overall, it was good enough that I would give it another chance and try something different next time.
3	Simple, fast, affordable Mexican.  Clean, but nothing fancy--not the type of restaurant for hanging out or meeting friends (no waiters or atmosphere). Similar in quality to Frank & Lupe's and Los Olivos. Not as good as, but cheaper than Los Sombreros.Some things are decent, like the enchiladas.  Some are mediocre, like the carne asada. Some are awful, like the chicken salad.  So place your order and keep your fingers crossed.Great for take-out if you live in Old Town.
5	I've been following the scent of green corn tamales covered in green chili sauce since this family owned establishment was on the south side of Phoenix.  The crispy chicken tacos are excellent and do ask for a side of the green chili sauce to dopple on top.  I agree with Pity D.  --Much better than Frank and Lupes or Los Olivos.  Hey they got cold beer too.Say hi to Gloria for me... she is the sweetest woman on earth.
5	I eat here every week... no joke.  I love it.  No frills, but always solid food.
4	I literally live 1/4 of a mile from this eatery.  I would never have tried it except for reading a Yelp review that called out what I will echo: you would never guess something this authentically good exists in a nondescript setback shopping strip.  I was starving and needed cheap eats.  I showed up at 5p on a Saturday.  I was welcomed by the "OPEN - ABIERTO" sign, made me start feeling the authentic ethic vibe.  When I entered I immediately noticed the strong cleaning smell.  A smell that I have smelled other times in mexican joints actually in Mexico so I took that as a good authentic smell vs. a bad one.  Not sure if you can order Mexican "TVs" but they have two of them with poor reception playing futbol; making this place authentic.  Add a large floor fan going, plus a tall gray waste basket near the serving counter, plus a host of beers and wine, plus them trying to make it look like the typical half-ass built mexican cantinas by spray painting faux cracks in the wall, plus the friendly spanish speaking food staff, plus the que bueno carne asada burro with caliente salsa, and El Molino Mexican Cafe sums to a very decent place to grab some inexpensive Mexican food.  Only reason it doesn't get 5 stars just yet - - - would have been nice to see some other sit-down patrons to make it a fiesta and I had to wait a little too long for my burro.  But heck, that's authentic mexican!
5	The original El Molino was established like 80 years ago in downtown Phoenix near 22nd St. & Jefferson.  Grandson Richard Carbajal, Jr. carries on the family recipes and tradition: authentic food at very reasonable prices.  The machaca is always great and I've asked them to ship their award-winning tamales to friends in the far reaches of the known universe.  Their standard hot sauce is of the thin persuasion but very satisfying and their salsa fresca will clear out your sinuses in a hurry!Grab a couple dozen tamales on your way to that holiday pot luck, and you'll be the center of attention!  Heck, Richard will cater the whole event at a price you can brag about.
3	I echo much of  what has been said. The shredded beef burro was very tasty and the beans and rice were just right. My preference would be for more spice - I liked the hot sauce well enough. Four of us ate lunch for under $30 including a couple of sides. They were out of the lemonade, but the iced tea was a good second choice.
2	My niece got the chicken nachos, which I watched them make:  chips, chicken, beans & chez was placed on a styrofoam plate and then microwaved.  The outcome is a soggy, chewy, mildly flavored slop.  My nephew got 2 beef enchiladas, which were actually ok. Their red sauce was good.  I got the Pepe sampler, which was pretty dull.  The beef and chicken just didn't have a good flavor, although their guac was pretty good.  total with 2 soft drinks and a beer was $32, so not *that* cheap.  I would rather go somewhere that uses real plates and metal silverware and pay an extra $10.
3	Well I promised my husband we would eat out less.  We, meaning him and I.  By myself, there is no we, just I, and I made no such promise.  I had to go to Staples, (never go to Staples hungry), and there was El Molino.  Calling to me like a beacon in the night.  Except it was day, and I wasn't navigating the sea.  And I figured, it has to be healthier than Betos.  I'm rethinking that call.I had the special of two machaca tacos with rice and beans ($8).  The machaca was good, very spicy.  But the tacos shot a stream of grease every time I took a bite.  Beans and rice were alright, nothing special.  All in all, still just okay, but I wasn't scared of the beef like I sometimes am at Betos.
3	Good spot that gets the added nod due to its long standing reputation in the Valley.  The Machaca is worth the trip but the rest of the menu is pretty standard traditional Mexican fare.  The nice granite counters and copies of the Wall Street Journal belie its Mexican heritage. Consider it a Beto's for the Scottsdale crowd...or a more casual TeePee.
4	Best chimichangas in PHX. But don't have any ideas about the atmospere. Take the food to go!
2	Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.
3	I think the lady behind the counter didn't like me.  Could've just been me.  I don't know.  It's just how I felt.When my boss first told me about this place, I thought he said "Al Molina" and I was like, "You mean the guy who played Doc Ock in Spider-Man II?"I've been here a few times, today was the first time I'd been to El Molino in about 8 months.  I happened to be in the area, popping in to buy a backpack at Staples an decided to get a burrito to go to munch on when I got back to my office.One thing I really didn't like was that you had to ask for the key to use the bathroom.  That's something very typical of, like, a gas station that bums use to shit on the floor.  I went to the bathroom and it said I had to ask for the key.  I went back to the counter and the woman disappeared in the back so I kinda just did a little pee-pee dance until she came back.It was a little too expensive for what it was.  A thing of chips was like $4.50.  That's crazy.  Granted, the chips are really good and you get a lot of em, but... don't you have a thing of chips I can buy for a buck that comes with a much more reasonable portion?  I got all these chips in the fridge at work that won't be edible on Monday, probably.The burrito I got was very tasty.  The salsa they gave me was also super good.  Nice and smokey and spicy.  Seriously.  Man, that shit was spicy.  I kind of have a soar throat today so that spiciness felt super good to me.I had to laugh when I opened up my to-go back once I got back to work because I actually thought maybe I didn't get ANY salsa, but when I took a look they gave me soooo much.  I made a small tower beside my meal, like a Stonehenge of heat.Three stars:  Good.  Not great.  Weird bathroom.  Unfriendly lady.  Good food.  Too expensive.
4	Don't make the mistake I did: try to eat rice at your computer desk. I'm going to be spending the next hour picking up all my droppings....Do make the order I made: the Sampler Platter! Yummy! Yummy! It had everything I wanted and more! Delicious!.. can't wait to try more.
3	I am writing this review because of Salsa. Yes the pollo quesadilla is amazing. And the burro's are fantastic. There salsa though is out of this world; yes it is expensive, but for good reason. I use to be a regular here, kind of a creature of habit. My love for the spicy side of life was quenched here. There salsa is made with several exotic peppers that can only be found in Mexico. That is why it is over six dollars a pint. The rest of there food is amazing, but pay the extra and get your piece of salsa heaven!
4	So I made it here yesterday for lunch and it was as good as I remember.  I am not sure why I haven't been here in sooo many years.  I used to come here all the time.  Anyway I am glad I made it back and will ensure it makes it into my work week lunch rotation:).  I decided on the cheese crisp an a shredded beef taco both were perfect and hit the spot.  My lunch companions had: shredded beef chimi special + rice + beans the other had a carne asada beef burrito.  Both entrees looked really tasty and they both were happy with their choices.  I will surely be back next week to try something new;)
3	What?! Outta red beef tamales? Bogus.My first experience at El Molino was really not that bad. Wanted a late afternoon lunch/dinner so I made my way over. Tip: the nachos are huge and one order was enough to share between myself and my girl. We ordered them with ground beef, which was tasty with a bit of a kick. They were also loaded down pretty well with cheese, refried beans, tomatoes and bite-size cubes of potatoes.In addition to the nachos, I wanted to know what their tamales were doing. Sadly, they were out of the red beef tamales so I got a green corn one just to see. Not so much, not for me, anyway. There wasn't much to it, just a thin layer of green chile inside along with sweet corn. My special lady friend seemed to like it just fine.I'll probably go back because the nachos were tasty, but I'd have to drive right past the new 2 hippies taco location and that might prove to be a difficult task.
3	Have I ever shared my issues with microwaves before? I know I am a creep but I really dislike microwaved food. I almost had a meltdown when my expensive green chile burro was placed in the microwave. It was $11 and it's not even fresh? Is it cold? I watched you scoop it onto the tortilla, it wasn't from the fridge and if it wasn't hot to serve......does that mean it was at the perfect temperature for food born bacteria?  Also, don't you know microwaves make tortillas all funky and weird textured? While it was microwaving I was able to check out the dried, crusty filth on all of the appliances: evidence of cooking and not cleaning. Yuck.  I really need to stop looking at stuff like that. Luckily, I was able to talk myself out of being a total nut job and I ate it. I was only able to eat  some of it because 1. it was effing huge and 2. the image of the crusty splatter kept popping into my head. regardless, It was so tasty. My favorite green chile burro used  to be from Espos but I have other issues with Espos.  This burro compares and while not totally clean and it being overpriced... and the fact that they microwaved it....it was really really really good. like good enough for me to give this place 3 stars. I like my green chile burros made with shredded beef, none of that weird cubed meat for me,  and they deliver on that aspect!i honestly don't know if i'm capable of going again, but if you're more hardcore than i am and you are down with the get down, the i say munch up!
3	Looking for quick, moderately priced Mexican in Old Town?El Molino is your answer...It's nothing fancy but it hits the spot.  I've had chips and salsa, guac, a chicken taco salad, and most recently a bean and cheese burro... I hear the breakfast burritos are pretty delicious as well so I may be back soon for some am fuel or to cure a hangover.Either way, El Molino is a step up from fast food but it's no frills.  Oh, and the people in the Yelp office are huge fans... they are the ones that turned me on to it.  (Gracias amigos!)
5	I went here for the first time today during the lunch hour, and holy moly was it good! A friend recommended it, so we all went (as a rather large group) to try it out. It's not a very fancy place, but boy does it deliver some great food! And the price is unbeatable; just about everything is under $10. I had "Pepe's Sample Platter" for ~$8 so I could try a little bit of everything. Others got burros, enchiladas and I think someone even got a tamale. Not one of us was disappointed. The service is also extremely fast and very friendly. If you're looking for a place to grab a quick bite to eat south of Old Town, skip the fast food burgers and stop by El Molino.
4	I was in PHX on business and searched for Mexican restaurants near my hotel. El Molino popped up and we decided to give it a try. Don't let the demure appearance scare you off. The restaurant is tucked into a strip center space, and we initially were put off. But we ordered from a large menu with multiple choices and waited with our beers. In a few minutes, our food was ready and was it good! The burrito with shredded beef and green chile sauce was fantastic, as were the sides. I will return!
5	On the lookout for lunch when we arrived, many places were closed so I turned to trusty yelp and found this delicious, casual, authentic spot. Cost to worth it rating: 4 Food: 5, Atmosphere: 3, Service: 3 Eve award: best chimichanga I've ever had, dish of my scottsdale weekend can't stop thinking about Highlights: - Chimichanga: Green chili shredded beef not my usual order but had to try when read the rave reviews. It was packed with hidden spice as you can't see green in the meat. Nice contrast and balance when eaten with the shredded lettuce, chopped tomatoes, and guacamole. Surprisingly not greasy for something so fully deep fried and delicious with the generous handful of Thinly shredded cheese which delicately melted on top. I so want another right now. - Cheese crisps: got introduced to this Arizona treat which caught my eye on the menu. It's a flour tortilla with a lot of melted, crispy cheese on top. Red sauce in the large squeeze bottle was the perfect amount of spice to go with it. - Seating: indoor area as well as small patio outside Lowlights: - Bathroom access: kind of odd you need a key as the bathrooms are inside... - Corn cheese crisps: figure I'd gluten free it since didn't with the chimichanga, but lady dissed them saying they're a lot smaller and can't get as crispy. That fine, but why don't you take em off the menu then? Fell in love with this chimichanga from my yelp find and will be back if ever in the area. I honestly was contemplating going back the next day but figure since I was visiting to mix it up a bit.
5	Hands down, best tacos I've ever had. Not usually crazy about tacos but I never would have thought it possible to be able to make them as good as El Molino does in Scottsdale. Don't go wrong - order machaca beef and try either their chimichanga or the tacos.
3	Really mixed feelings about this place.  My green chili burrito was great (spicy as promised) but it was $10 with a small drink.  It felt dingy and dirty inside, not kept up at all.I've rated it a 3 because of the good food, maybe a bit generous.
3	I wasn't very impressed with the food. Service was friendly.Other reviews have summed it up pretty well.  Decent, reasonable, nothing exceptional.Standard Mex, yo.
5	I really love this place and could eat here every other day!  The chicken tacos crispy are my favorite.  The meat is so tender and flavorful and the cheese is fresh, fluffy and not too salty.  Also, the green corn tamales are better than any I've had.  Always fresh and light and simply outrageous!  The bean and cheese burrito is crazy good too.  The tortillas are the most delightful around.  Very inexpensive and it is locally owned.  The same staff has been there for years and always is friendly and remembers me and that is a nice thing!
3	This is good mexican food for phoenix standards (Im from SoCal) but just satisfactory overall. Serviice wasnt very friendly, but for the accomidations the the prices are reasonable.The management made a bad decision for this restaurants value offering to customers. They should either be a fast food diner with cheap prices or an affordable alternative for dine in eaters with better service and atmosphere. They are somewhere in between and the concept just does not work well.
1	Let me begin by saying I was really looking forward to this place.  I saw the menu and it looked delish.  Plus my fellow Yelpers are usually  right on the money with their rating and this place was sporting 4 stars.  I had a $5 credit from Groupon to try Groupon Now, and El Molino was on the list, so I thought, why not.  I even got my brother to come with me.  In summary: Disappointing.  Service: When we arrived and looked through the menu I was really hungry and looking forward to a good meal.  Most of the options are about $8 or $9 so I thought I'd have a great tasting and hearty meal.  The accommodations were fine upon entry.  My brother goes up to the counter and asks what Machaca is.  I speak spanish pretty well, but I wasn't sure, so he asked the guy at the counter (who I think is the owner).  He said, "You're not from around here."  My brother replied, "I am actually."  "Well you must be new."  "Um, no I've lived here most of my life."  I'm not sure why the owner wasn't just polite and answer the question.  Then he mentioned something about being in business for 100 years.  My auditor/CPA brother quickly noticed that it says that they've been in business since 1937 and asked him how he got 100 from 1937.  The owner then mumbled some explanation about being in business for 100 years, but serving food since '37.  Hmm... ok.  Food: I got the Molino Burro Supreme with machaca and a single serving of chips and salsa.  My bro got a chicken enchilada and a machaca taco.   The tortilla tasted like it came from a bag of tortilla off the shelf at safeway.  It was chewey and tasteless.  The beans were ok, but not much better than a can from the grocery store.  The rice was pretty flavorless; white and cheap.  The meat inside the burro had decent flavor, but it was more spice than flavor.  So the burro was a disappointment, what about the chips and salsa?  How can you go wrong with that?  Chips were too dry and hard (I know chips are supposed to be dry and hard, but not this dry or hard).  The salsa was more like spicy tomato paste. Price: $10 for this meal?  Like someone else said, either this place needs to be a lot cheaper or have a lot better food.  The funny thing was with my Groupon and Groupon credit this place was free, but not even worth that!SUMMARY: Not impressed.  If you want good flavor go to Fuego Taco, Cafe Rio, or Costa Vida.  Shoot, I would go to Chipotle over this place any day.
2	The service was unfriendly and the owner acted like he was doing me a FAVOR by re-filling my tiny salsa cup "(I'll do it for you this time; next time there will be a charge.")  Wha???  Most places refill your chips/salsa until your heart's content. The ambiance is artsy, which I like, but the seating is uncomfortable and stark.The food was ok, but nothing special. I had a veggie burro and hubby had cheese enchiladas.  Those were both good, but not great. WAY too pricy for what you actually get, for sure.Good Mexican?  Los Dos Molinos is a much better bet!
4	This place is the bomb and you have to know what to get. The Machaca beef is amazing and the enchiladas are on point. The owners might be old and fussy they have never bothered me but get what I tell you to get and you'll go home satisfied. It's a small joint so don't expect some great service only 2 people work here. This is a top 5 Mexican food spot!
4	Clean establishment. Rows of freezers in the back. Hidden from the street. Greeted by name what must be one of the regulars. Carries both Modelo and Dos Equis. Slowly made food for being dead. The green enchilada sauce is a must. Green chile chimis are fantastic.For the price, it was certainly filling and enjoyable. A place to come back to if you're craving decent Mexican in a sit-down environment but are too far away from a Blue Burrito Grille.
3	Got a carne asada burrito and a side of beans.Both were very good but the price is why I wouldn't recommend or go back. And the side of beans was only a half pint. You can get the same thing at Filberto's for almost half the price. Period. And, the carne asada at Filberto's has onions in it. :] If you're going to open a small non chain restaurant, you need to either somehow REALLY set yourself apart from other restaurants selling similar foods or the price needs to be roughly the same.Filberto's on McClintock  & Guadalupe is probably at the very top of every mexican restaurant I've been to. Never been let down.
5	This is the best place to get homemade Mexican food in Scottsdale!!! The machaca was insane!! It melts in your mouth and has just the right amount of spice. The owners were so sweet and nice!!! Don't listen to these people who gave bad reviews.  I swear you'llgo and love it!!!  They probably think taco bell is good mexican :P
2	This place used to be really good, but it just is not the same. The price is now the same as a sit down Mexican restaurant with real plates, and the food is microwaved and served like a fast food place. The things that are deep fried are greasy, and the things that are microwaved are tough. The prices just don't fit anymore, and that might be the location, and landlord problems. I miss the old day's  There is no way Maria Munoz would ever consider the way the food is made today. The food, while it is still good, is over priced and microwaved. Real sad, and the amount of people going there is in decline.
4	Dropped off cleaning the other day & found El Molino by accident down several spaces.  It was so good I posted it on Facebook!  Very simple place, but clean with immediate attention & great prices!  I had an imported Pacifico beer & order of 3 beef rolled tacos with guacamole, lettuce & tomatoes for less than $10!  I LOVE Mexican food & I shall be back!
2	I ordered a chicken taco, but I've had much better. Go to Chipotle or Qdoba or Blue Burrito instead ... the customer service and food is SO much better.  Yes I know they're not real "Mexican" food but neither is this place. Lol.Also, the owner was really, really rude and unfriendly. I haven't had service this bad in awhile.This place is just ... ick.Edited to add: If you're interested in legit Mexican food, go to America's Taco Shop on 1st Street. It's SO good and the service is excellent. Much better than  this place.
2	I do agree they have some of the best green sauce this restaurant fails in so many ways. When you order you see the buckets of meat sitting there in open air behind counter. Second everything is microwaved. Have you ever microwaved shredded cheese on a styrofoam plate? It's not great. Better options in old town include America's taco shop and Julio's too where dinner is actually cooked and not thrown on plate and microwaved. I wouldn't recommend it.
5	Our family has been eating at El Molino's for over twenty years, through all locations starting at the old Dairy Queen on Scottsdale Road.  I can't think of tastier, more delicious food from any Mexican restaurant in the Valley.  And although the atmosphere is quaint, the quality and attention to detail make you forget you are eating at a largely "take out style" restaurant.  Experience the difference, you will not be disappointed.
2	Maybe I'm a Mexican-food snob, but this was basically overpriced-Del Taco fare.The food was nothing to write home about. It was served on Styrofoam plates and the customer service was lacking.
5	Great food and quick service, staff was very nice. Love that you can get beer here too, they also deliver. Great meal overall!
4	I woekd for el molinos for 17 plus years this place makes FRESH HOMEMADE MEXICAN FOOD !! so all you jokers who eat tex mex mexican food have no clue what good mexican food is i love el molinos and momma and of course lupe all my family and your loss if you dont go back !! BEST MACHACA EVER AND GREEN CORN TAMALES!!!!
5	5 stars across the board! Every visit has been a positive experience...always friendly service...fresh authentic mexican food prepared by long time employees...they offer options when placing an order and each dish is served made to order...best tamales in town, among other yummy menu items! Cute traditional decor and casual atmosphere make this spot a local favorite for lunch or dinner. If you crave real deal Mexican...you will crave El Molino!
5	Visiting from Palo Alto and found this great little Mexican Cafe....had a superb chimichanga (machac)...the guacamole is the best ever!!!!  I am having them ship me 2 dozen  green tamales for Thanksgiving ...my new favorite mexican food  in AZ!!!
2	My co-worker called in an order at 1:30 pm, well after lunch rush and was told by the lady that answered the phone that "she needed to order right now or forget it".  Ummmm, seriously?? She's lucky it wasn't me that called it in.  She would have gotten a piece of my mind and NOT received the order.  Luckily for them, she is a lot nicer than me.  1 Star is for my co-workers Carne Asada Burrito, she says it is "the bomb".1/2 Star is for my rice that is fairly tasty.1/2 Star is for the delivery being fairly quick.I got just a ground beef/bean burrito with lettuce/sour cream/cheese.  Pretty much tasted like Taco Bell's Burrito Supreme.  Nothing to write home about...at all.Overall completely irritated I wasted good money on this place. Get SOMEONE ELSE to answer your phone if you want repeat business!!!!
4	The food wasn't incredible but it was decent. I had a mishap with an online order so the manager offered to pay for my meal and deliver it to me the next night - great customer service! We ordered a chicken burrito, machaca enchiladas, beans and rice. The chicken was juicy but made the burrito watery. The enchiladas were decent but the beans and rice were great. I'd definitely be willing to try a few more items on the menu but the customer service is what really won me over.
5	Great food at a great price! Service was fast and the food was delicious, very reasonable prices too, highly recommend this place for a quick meal, they deliver too
5	They improvements to the restaurant are great... they place is warm and inviting and the big screen TVs and free Wifi make it a great place to eat there for breakfast, lunch or dinner. The bean and cheese burritos are super fresh and their sauce is outstanding!
1	Service was so bad took forever to get order one employee screamed I FUC*** UP that's my bad with kids in the place the food was not that greats for the price I expected better food the rice was warned up in a microwave not too fresh I will say the Andes mint they gave me was good but waiting 18 min for 2 taco and rice with no one else waiting for food is very unexceptional also some guy took out garbage then gave a guy his food never washed hands I noticed it
2	I'm not a big fan... I ordered take out and got everything I asked for but all the food was lacking in flavor and freshness.. The chips were nothing special and the only thing I appreciated was the gentleman who had made the food, he was very nice but the lady was not.
5	I've ordered delivery from this place, and I've also been inside the restaurant a few times and have met with the owner. They get 5 stars right off the bat for the simple fact that they deliver Mexican food to my house. That's a rarity in this town in and of itself, but the fact that the food was good was a bonus. People get really picky about their Mexican food here - as they should. Arizona is lousy with Mexican food restaurants. I'm not going to go so far as to say it's the best I've ever had (I've had a lot of Mexican food from a lot of different places), but I will say that it's delicious and consistent. I mean, some of the best places to go get authentic Mexican food in the Valley are dirty little hole in the wall joints that you might be scared to go into. This place is clean and nice and quite a bit more upscale than that. I wouldn't say the food here is inauthentic either. It's plenty authentic... that word means different things to different people anyway. Some think it means a similar experience to when they visited Rocky Point, and others will cite examples from when they visited Oaxaca or Cabo or Mazatlan, and yet others will compare your favorite place to a chain they like. Who knows. Good food is good food. My experiences with the staff, management, and owner have been outstanding as well, and I will probably be eating here a lot.
1	I ordered delivery from GrubHub and really regret it.  The food showed up without the drink I ordered, which normally wouldn't be a big deal, but these guys chare $9 for delivery!!!! PLUS, he got his 15% tip!  For that kind of cash he should have gone to the corner store to get it.  His 'I'm sorry' cost me alot of $$$$.And, to top it off, threw out the food.  They put an enchilada into styro without a foil lining, so the enchilada melted the container, rendering the food inedible.  Awful customer service.
3	I'm giving this place 3 stars for their food and fast service ONLY! So far I've had their green corn tamale (so so), their chicken quesadilla (my favorite but super greasy), and their chicken tacos (completely bland and super greasy as well). The service there is fast which I really like as I usually get food on my lunch break. However, the guy behind the counter with the glasses is out of it. He always forgets to give me my drink unless I ask for it, even then he has to check the ticket to make sure I paid. Not only that but it's rather small inside so when it gets busy at lunch it can be hard to get to the soda fountain to even fill up your cup. I was just there today and none of the customers would move so I literally had to push past their seats and almost hit a customer with my purse because they were in the way. It's not the customers fault at all, I just know if it were me in their seat I would be upset that they didn't think that through better. The guy behind the counter is always chatting with customers so he seems like a pretty decent guy and I'll continue to eat there occasionally for lunch.
2	Not a huge fan. It wasn't super flavorful and I felt it was a bit too greasy. I think there are def. better options. I also saw this microwave as previously mentioned..?!?
5	I love El Molinos!! Their breakfast burritos are my favorite! My definitely my go to place for mexican food and THEY DELIVER! Thats right Mexican food that delivers. The food is pretty authentic, which is rare to find in these neck of the woods. I wish I could of taken a pic of how the food is packaged for delivery. I mean everything is sealed, taped and packaged very nicely and professionally! No messes, no forgotten items, LEGIT PACKAGING! Which to me is a big deal means they really care how your food is delivered! Again highly recommend this place for eat in or delivery! You guys rock!
4	Staying across the street at the extended stay for one week. Love this place.
5	El molino delivers via grubhub/eat24.. they are prompt and delicious!!!! The tacos are a little greasy but I'm not complaining--i'm the one ordering delivery mexican!! Perfect hang over food, huge variety, super authentic. The machaca melts in your mouth , no stringy fat, and their quesasillas are huge! I suggest ordering the meat on the side in a quesadilla.  It's too juicy; it soaks the tortilla! You wont be disappointed by el molino!!
5	It smells so good in here!! I couldn't wait to eat!! Thanks for the great atomosohere for my gaming team. We had a BLAST!!! Food was so excellent! I brought home a shredded beef crunchy taco for the wife, and she approves!!!  Great job @pelone (DG) - Smart move teaming up with this place!!
3	The only thing I liked were the apple empanadas... The food was a little bland the night I went, but the people seem sweet and the dessert is on point.
1	We got vouchers to this restaurant ..thank god all we had to pay for were the drinks.. let's start off with nothing  having flavor food seems to have been micrwaved or Re fried to many times..soda is water down lazy staff and a food prep eating in the line which is so unsanitary and illegal.. no liquor licence but advertising for buckets of beer for 12 dollor a scam obviously used to lure people In. Dont stay do not let the smell fool you mine could have been prepared better by my 6 year old. Dissatisfied and disgusted with this place. Off to del taco I go.
3	Service was spotty and the kitchen was not clean. It used to be my favorite restaurant in Arizona now I'm debating if I'll give it another chance.
5	This place is BOMB. Quick delivery that will actually deliver from Scottsdale to Tempe. I loved my carne asada burrito. Will definitely keep them as my go-to for great Mexican delivery.
2	Ugh, I'm done with this place.  Tried it a few months back and was not impressed, but decided to give it one more try tonight.  I think the only thing I've liked was the tamale.  My boyfriend liked his enchilada style ground beef burro, but I tried it and didn't care for it.  I had the machaca burro supreme tonight.  The meat was somewhat spicy, but overall it was bland.  The rice has absolutely no flavor, and I love good Mexican rice.  Finally, the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp.  Plus, everything is overpriced.  I will just pick up Taco Bell next time.
1	This is not even worth my time to review, but I just don't want anyone else to experience what I had to experience eating at this place. I ordered a beef tamale enchilada style and they nuke it in a microwave. The masa was super dry and no flavor. Even the service wasnt great. Overall don't waste your money and your palette.Fyi- they don't even deserve a star but had to hit at least 1 star to post this. Que horrible!
4	This place is amazing! Been a part of my childhood and growing up for a long time!  El Molino provides quality and fresh food!
3	It's the best Mexican delivery in Scottsdale if you have enough of their hot sauce BUT apparently their hot sauce is so precious you can't get more with deliveries no matter how clear you make it. I order at least once a week and EVERY SINGLE TIME I tell them I need extra hot sauce. They so ok and I say, " PLEASE I need extra hot sauce. You guys always forget so please put 2 in, I will pay for it if I need to". The nice lady on the phone says "okay, okay we have it". I'll say, "are you sure, I need extra. Not one but 2." She says "yes, yes we have that". Guess what happens AT LEAST half of the time.....no extra hot sauce. I mean when I get my order I look around for Ashton Kutcher to see if I am being punked, tonight after asking for extra and clarifying at least 3 times not only was my ONE hot sauce container half full but so was the guac and sour cream. El Molina, I hope you read this.....PLEASE listen to people when they call and place an order. You never have a problem getting the credit card # right but for some reason you hate giving extra hot sauce. I mean, charge more if you need to, tell people you only make a certain amount each day or just tell people I don't give a crap about you and you aren't getting hot sauce....do whatever but just don't always say "ok, ok, yes, yes sure hot sauce" and then not give and extra. COME ON ALREADY, it gets so old!
