2	Kentucky Fried...something.Chicken Cottage's are starting to pop up everywhere these days and I'm not sure if thats a good idea. I curiously popped into this branch the other day looking for something different. I had previously tried Halal meat before and wasn't keen, but then again that was plastered in sweet BBQ sauce and served with fries. The food is good for what it is, cheap fast food. It doesn't taste any different from anything Colonel Sanders. Fills a hole and makes you feel bloated when you're done. Perfect!The only thing I'll say is that the hygiene is terrible. Tables were sticky, spills were left on the floor and the toilets where only heroes dare to venture inside.This place could compete with KFC, if they buy a Mop!
4	This place might sound like a cheap and nasty grease-ball of a fast  food place trying to give the illusion of home comfort, but it's actually got some pretty good, tasty food on offer.  Surprisingly, very little of their chicken is actually fried, setting them apart from KFC, and most of it is grilled or barbecued.  Their chicken burgers are delicious and this is because the burgers themselves are made with 100% chicken breast.  Obviously the batter have a whole bunch of fat and salt in it, but the actual meat inside is good stuff.  I had a Mighty Box which is a chicken burger, a side, fries, some fried chicken and a drink for under a fiver.  I love Ribena and they thankfully were able to throw this into the deal instead of the usual bloating coke.  This is a great alternative to KFC in terms of price, quality and (lack of) grease.
2	Fast food tends to means fast death. Places like Chicken Cottage see to that. Cheap chicken that in life was so far removed from its natural environment, and filled with so much crap, we can hardly say it was alive enough for us to kill it. Top that off with some extra grease, sugar, and salt, and you're onto a winner. That's why it tastes "good" after all.I suppose the appeal of Chicken Cottage is that its so convenient and relatively cheap. I'm glad these places haven't taken off in the same way here as they have in the US where getting a chicken meal is actually cheaper than making your own food, to the detriment of the poor. I didn't even find the interior of Chicken Cottage very appealing, it was quite dirty and not particularly welcoming.If you want quick, cheap, stomach filling (nay, bursting) food, and you don't really care where your food came from/where its going, then Chicken Cottage might still have some appeal.
2	As much as I try, I can't sink my teeth into Chicken Cottage at all.They are always situated in downtrodden areas which don't endear them to me, and although this one isn't in the worst part of Edinburgh I can't shake that image. This branch is well kept and looks a bit nicer from the outside, but I still remain a bit wary of the food.Chicken Cottage sells fast food at its fastest, and with that you know what to expect. I've never had a horrible meal from here since it's cooked properly, and it's cheap so it's better value for money than the likes of McDonalds, but even then it's not my favourite place to go. It's not a relfection on the staff in this particfular branch, and I admire the way this franchise started out from humble beginnings in London. But I just can't warm to it, which is a matter of taste I guess. Not bad if you're looking for something ultra cheap, quick and easy, but it's a poor man's KFC with a hint of gloom about it. I don't know if it's because their shops seem to pop up in sketchy areas but at the end of the day it's just another fast food place.The meat is halal though, which at least offers something a bit different that McDonalds and KFC can't.
