5	Friday = Great Fish Fry.  All you can eat ocean perch.  Big bowls of slaw, tartar sauce, and lemon chunks on the table.  Dignified and refined, I wouldn't eat perch anywhere else in Madison.
3	Old-timey fern bar with a fish fry like you used to enjoy with Grandma.  Like the other reviewers, I order the ocean perch which comes family style with crinkle-cut fries!    This place is so good I make the destination of my twice-yearly meat craving!  (That's right - I consider fish meat.)  Don't sweat the wait you are likely to encounter (even if you and Gram get there at 4:30).  The bartenders make a delightful spicy Bloody Mary, which helps add to the overall feeling that have I reached retirement age.
3	As a Wisconsin native, Friday fish fries have always been a big part of my life. When living in Madison years ago, we used to hit all the great fish fries on the lakes around town. And while spending 10 years in Hayward, we used to live for Fridays at Lost Land Lake Lodge and later The Waterfront. Living in Utah for over 20 years, my opportunities are few and far between. So I was excited to have a free Friday in Madison to try the very best. Reading online reviews, going off my past knowledge and talking to friends, I made the tough call between the Avenue Bar (one of my favorite lunch spots) and the Esquire Club. We chose the Esquire.I hadn't been in the club in probably 30-35 years. Overall, it was a good experience. But it wasn't close to the level to which I'm accustomed to in Hayward on our three or four trips out there a year. We had a great time and I highly recommend it, but we would make another choice next time.The bar at Kavanaugh's Esquire Club is great - a full horseshoe with plenty of seating. We arrived around 5:30 p.m. on a Friday in Lent. It was packed already, as was every spot in the parking lot. We put our name in and were told it would be 20 minutes for our party of two. We were seated in just ten.One of the challenges with the Esquire is it just doesn't have a lot of natural atmosphere. The main room with the bar is fabulous. But the other dining rooms are really plain with not a single thing on the wall. The table settings are nice. And outside, it's a totally blah building. Out the back door to the parking lot was an attractive collection of a few hundred cigarette butts sitting on the sidewalk and snowbank.The tables are pre-set with great, fresh rye bread and fabulous cole slaw. And we had quick attention from our waitress. The host gave us menus - actually three stapled, photocopied sheets - pretty tacky (I noticed others did get regular menus). It's a full supper club menu with multiple choices for fish fry. We opted for the $9.95 all-you-can-eat ocean perch. What was notable to me as that the current Web page for Esquire lists the price at $8.95. Not good. Cod was also available at a slightly higher price.The bread and slaw kept us entertained and both were world class. A heaping plate of fish and crinkle fries arrived in good time (beating the Coke our grandson ordered 15 minutes earlier). We had to ask for lemons.The fish was very good - I love perch. But as good as it was, it simply wasn't at the presentation and taste level of what we traditionally get at The Waterfront in Hayward, for example. It was a simple cornbread-type breading that was good, but somewhat uninteresting - not the flamboyant texture of the beer battered fish we have grown to expect.Nonetheless, we polished off the fish, got a few more fries and a chocolate mousse desert. The bill for two with a few beers and desert was just under $40.Later that night, we also hit the Beachhouse in McFarland, another popular local spot. My wife had dinner there with a friend. This is an awesome place with a ton of atmosphere and great fish.Esquire Club Summary (five point scale)Exterior: 2 - Pretty plain building; cigarette butts not prettyInterior atmosphere: 3 - Main bar room is greatFood: 4 - Good was great, not overally thrilled with fish batterService: 3 - Generally good, but shouldn't have to wait for main course to get a CokeValue: 5 - $9.95 for an all-you-can-eat fish fry at this level is outstanding
4	Determined to find the best darned fish fry in Madison, our "Friday Night Fish Fry Fanatics" decided to try the Esquire Club on Sherman. We grabbed a seat at the large, oval, darkwooded bar, and ordered a couple of Spotted Cows. We were told it would be about 20 minutes to seat our small group, and that was just fine. The bar was cozy, the beers fresh, and the service attentive, friendly, and helpful.Soon enough, our name was called and we were seated in one of the "auxillary" dining areas. Clearly an add-on, not a single decoration, but definitely welcomed; the place was packed and we were seated quickly, so it's all good by me.Our waitress took our orders and brought us a round of Whiskey Old Fashioned Sours. We gnoshed on the deliciously fresh rye bread, which was unlike any other rye I've had. It featured a very mild rye flavor and a very light texture. It was delicious.Fish arrived within minutes: fried ocean perch and battered cod, one order of fries, and two orders of cheesy hashbrowns (cost an extra $2 per).The fried ocean perch is all you can eat, and it's fresh, lightly breaded, flavorful, grease-free, and easily some of the best fish I've had at a fish fry. I scarfed down three heaping plates, and I do mean "heaping." They're not skimpy with the refills.Battered cod was equally good, but it wasn't all you can eat. Three large, beautifully brown, battered and flaky filets are what you get.Fries were outstanding as well; crinkle cut, fresh, hot, crispy. Yum. Hashbrowns were cooked perfectly but the slab of Velveeta that was slapped on top to make them "cheesy" was disappointing.Service was the best yet. No complaints. Three fish dinners with coffees and a couple of rounds of drinks was $70 + tip... A bit pricey by my book.Esquire Club = WIN.Food= 4.75 starsOld Fashioneds= 3.5 starsService = 5 starsValue = 3 starsMisc = 4 stars (speedy seating and service; lost points for bland interior and no potato pancake option)
3	At first, I loved the Esquire Club for how old-fashioned its style and clientele were.  This is the closest I've had to a Wisconsin supper club, and in the winter, it seems especially comfy.  But, the food -- outside of a couple items -- is really substandard.  Never, ever, ever, get a "broiled" icelandic cod, it comes charred to a crisp.  The lake perch is fine.  But, that's about it, really.  Simple presentation and simple food, but it never elevates to the level of being phenomenal.
3	My semi-local friend thought nothing would be more authentically Wisconsin than a Friday Night Fish Fry. After overdosing on spam & corned beef hash for the past week, I was down for something local so I gladly obliged. Wood-paneling and dim lighting make the main bar warm & inviting. Packed with locals, which is always a good sign. Strong brandy old-fashioned. Only downer was the downstairs dining area--kinda felt like a church bingo hall.Soft, tender & delicious bread, oddly sweet coleslaw. Fried cheese curds were good--moderately breaded, not greasy, smooth texture but not squeaky. Family style ocean perch was satisfying but not memorable. Un(der)seasoned but not greasy, breading a little thicker than desired. Crinkle-cut fries were great but also needed salt. Tartar sauce was a little too heavy on the mayo. Still ate a ton and didn't have room for dessert.Overall, excellent deep frying skills but might need a refresher course in seasoning. Great atmosphere; easy to see why they have such a strong following.
4	Got take out here tonight and I love myself some Wisconsin Fish Fry.We ordered the Lake Perch and The Cod, with baked potatoes.It was great.  The Lake Perch was light and small but with many pieces-delish-more than enough.I didn't eat the cod but my relative said it was good but not as good as my perch.The bake potatoes were excellent, large, cooked perfectly and yummy.The Rye Bread is a nice touch and it was great.Slaw, tart sauce and sour cream were all added in a nice box.I ordered and they were available in 10 minutes.The woman on the phone was great and the woman that rang me out was great and friendly, considering that she was dealing with an overflow house.I will be back soon.
1	I read the new ass't governor gave a speech there invoking God.  Please, spare me, now I will pass.Please save that shit for church.  The rest of us will pass on this crap.
1	I went there a few months ago for Fish Fry after reading a rating that this place was a great place for Fish Fry's. I've had dinner here before and it was very good, so I thought oh why not, I'll give it a try. Big mistake! They usually get pretty busy (usually a good sign), but that night we didn't have to wait long for a table. I ordered the Icelandic Cod and It was terrible. As this was a few months ago, my brain is clouded on which exact fish (cod or perch) the comments were made about, but as I recall: The waitress claimed that the cod isn't "fresh" and she knew I didn't like it, so she offered to get me some perch, which was fresh. That wasn't much better. One (either the cod or the perch) of them tasted, looked like and smelled like a "fish stick." It literally looked like a kiddie meal. All in all, I will never return for a fish fry there. The waitress was very attentive and tried to make me happy, but it was not her fault, she did everything she could to please me. Service = 5 star, Atmosphere = 4 Star, Food (overall) = 4 Star, Fish Fry = 1 Star
5	Anyone bashing the E as the home of the Tea Party is seriously misguided.  This place is so eclectic you might find some card carrying communists at the bar from time-to- time.  Seriously, the large crowd of regulars and semi-regulars ranges from former and current Dems to the same on the Republican end.  Non-partisans, liberals, libertarians, agnostics, Catholics, retirees, got em' all at the Esquire.  John Sr. is a conservative but he welcomes everyone with genuine good cheer and gratitude for coming to his place.  More than 50 years in the Kavanaugh family - this place was LOCAL before local was trendy.  Shame on you purveyors of misinformation - no better than Scotty Koch, himself.Excellent drinks at the bar from Joe, Nick and Ben (and Nate on Fridays).  Great pours of many wines by the glass.  Terrific fish fry and food.btw - Saturday after the big 70k rally, many of us were warming up at the bar, having a drink or wine and some food and swapping "war stories" and photos from our day on the square protesting against the nit wit that was elected governor.  Tea Party my rear end.
1	TERRIBLE service, went here for breakfast and was in shock and awe at how bad our server was.  It took well over 45 minutes for us to get our food and there was only 1 other table in the restaurant.  I got our own coffee, drinks, half and half, ketchup and jam.  I will NEVER go back there again!
1	The place sucks.  I don't care if a commie or socialist or nazi eats there.The owners are what concerns me most.I enjoyed the food the first time but when I ready they had the ass't governor holding some fricking prayer service there I was through.I don't care what any businesses politics are BUTT I don't want to hear or read about them.
3	It's like Denny's built a food court at a retirement home.  If fish fry and old fashions is your thing and you want to hang out with grandma and grandpa while you eat your food, this is the place.  The upper crust in Maple Bluff love this place.  The only thing I can chalk it up to is they can get wasted and not drive that far to get home.  Wood paneling decor round out this gem.
2	This place has really gone downhill.  IF you can get a drink (last time I was there, they served their regulars at the bar and totally ignored me repeatedly until I finally asked a waitress how to get a drink at the bar.)  The fish fry has been out of rye bread the last two times, and the time before that, it was stale.  Also, the breading falls off of the cod, and the perch must be coming from a different distributor, as it is extremely fishy tasting.  Coleslaw was good - they must be using the same recipe for that.  Too bad- I used to really look forward to dining here.
2	Fish fry was over cooked and greasy. People seem to like it here so maybe I just had it on a bad day.
4	Friday night fish fry- AYCE for about $11.00. I highly suggest making a reservation- this place is packed to the gills. There's a huge bar in the main room, decent bartenders and reasonable priced drinks. We waited about 20 minutes past our reservation because there was a large party being served, but onced we had a drink in hand, the wait was tolerable. Seated, we were happily surprised to see how efficiently they run their fish fry- the tables were pre-set with a bowl of tartar sauce and a family-sized bowl of cole slaw, plus a basket with several slices of really tasty rye bread. Three of us enjoyed perch family-style, with fries and it was really good- a lightly breaded well-cooked platter of perch and fries was easy to share with friends.  Looking around, it was a good mix of north and east-siders with an average age of well under 60, on the low side for a supper club.Can't wait to go back!
2	They make a good brandy old fashioned, but otherwise I am not a fan. Like a previous reviewer, I am also grossed out by tartar sauce that has been sitting out for who-knows-how-long. And the fish fry? I really don't see any greatness there.  Cave-ish interior, average clientele age of 75--really not my scene.
5	If you're looking for a fish fry and are in madison, look no further than esquire. The coleslaw is the best in town. If you're looking to eat a lot, order the ocean perch. If you're trying to eat a light fish fry the lake perch is spectacular. Beer prices are good and it's got a great homey atmosphere
5	I'll start by saying I sat at the bar with a bunch of buddies for a game rather than actually sitting in the dining room so the comments about poor service may be legit. However, if you're looking to judge just the burgers and steaks they were great. Solid atmosphere with three big screens around a bar, the place is admittedly for an older crowd but they were very accomadating when six 24 year olds strolled in for a game.
1	Not a fan.  We had a breakfast buffet for a meeting there and the food was... not much of a buffet.  Potatoes were cold and greasy and the rest of the food was just not very good.  Have not had lunch or dinner here.
1	My wife and ate there tonight. Food so so. Service not good. Efficent but not friendly. I had the feeling she wanted to be somewhere else
4	We had the family style fish fry...very tasty! The food came out quick and the staff was very friendly. Even if we were the only ones there who didn't get a senior discount... Lol also we were sweating by the time we left ... A/C pleaseeeee!?
3	Love: Cheese curds that were definitely made in house, bread was good and fresh and made in houseMeh: Most of the meal was pretty meh. Coconut shrimp tasted good but had an odd texture, pretty much everything was just okay. Not nasty. Not over the top excited to go back; nope, just a-ok, doubt I'd want to spend much money here in the future.Hate: Pop music was blaring over the speakers. WHYYYY? Do you not know your target audience???
1	They gave money to discriminate to gay people.Forget about it.I will never ever eat there again.They are major bigots.
3	Headed here for a late meal on a Sunday night. Turns out it was a Packer Sunday night football Sunday night, so the dining room only had one other party, but the bar was pretty packed. The staff was a little pre-occupied with the game and the folks in the bar and the single waitress for the dining room was running herself a little ragged. Our meal came with soup and salad - the salads were typical pre-dinner and perfectly ok. The soups left a lot to be desired. We had one of each - cheeseburger and turkey pot pie - both lacked flavor and they weren't worth the space they'd take up in our tummies. Our steaks themselves were gorgeous. Both looked bigger than the 12oz we ordered and they were well cooked. However, we'd ordered fried onions to accompany them and my fried onions were burnt to a crisp. I had to scrape them to the side and eat around them to make sure their flavor didn't alter the taste of my steak. In the end, it was a good, filling meal for a really good price, but it's not like I'll be jumping to head back.
