4	I go to this Taco Bell when I am wanting something not to filling and inexpensive. I also go to this Taco Bell because of the people that work there. Several times they have suggested I order a special item that gave me more for less money. How many times do you get someone that is looking our for how much you spend today. I have eaten at different Taco Bells for years but this is the only place I have ever gotten the great customer service they offer.
1	I went to this taco bell one day to get the D-Back's special, but they refused to change the crunchy tacos in to soft tacos.  All last year they did this so what makes this year any different?
1	On Nov 2, 2013 hubby and I went thru the drive thru about 9pm.  Had to repeat my order twice.  The order taker was snippy and rude.  Got to the window received our order pulled away 1 foot hubby said wrong order.  The person behind me  had not pulled forward.   I was able to back up and I said to the open window we received the wrong order and the lady said loudly, snippy and rude ya I know here's you order and I won't charge ya the difference.  OMG I would have paid the difference for nicer service that's for sure.  Her name began with an M and she had dark hair and major attitude....  she definitely need to go thru customer service training.
5	Been coming here since i was 7 and im about to be 29. Theyve hardly ever messed up my order- I cant even think of once actually. Melanie is best in the drive thru, shes always really friendly and sweet.. must not be an az native! =)  Ive seen her like triple check my bag before- so shes really thurough. I usually dont go in to eat- havent in years since it was the go to munchie place when i was a teen. So I cant really comment on inside...but the drive thru has never been an issue - that and the food is consistent and good!
1	Lived next to this Taco Bell place for 25years and it is and always has been the nastiest dirtiest Taco Bell I have ever visited and sometimes the rudest but if you do just so happen to find yourself there double and triple check your order before leaving 99.999999 percent of the time it is and will be wrong and then after you go through the drive-through you gotta go inside to finish picking up your packs of sauce because the ding doing in the drive thru window wouldn't give you (the paying customer) what you ask for!!#SHUTITDOWN
5	Always gets my order right and is always fast about ans verg good customer service thanks guys
5	We go to a lot of fast food places, but this one is awesome! The customer service is always spot on. They smile at you, talk with you, joke with you, and overall have a positive attitude. We've been there MANY times and not once have they even slightly messed up our order at all. Compared to other Taco Bells in the area, this one has the best service and best tasting food!
