5	One day I was sitting calmly in the cool Spring air of the Rocky Mountains; just  wondering if I was ever going to be warm again. I was fantasizing about how toasty warm I was when I lived in Paradise Valley 15 years ago and wishing that I could figure out how to take a quick vacation to thaw out in the Valley of the Sun.Then a  casual message from a friend and a "yes, I'd be happy to interview for that job" and ZAP I found myself in the Valley of the Sun with a truck load of boxes, some furniture and no place to live . . . but I did have a new job and I was wonderfully warm! So, while I called a hotel a "temp home" and I went to my new job, I spent evenings and weekends searching. A lot of nice apartments and nice areas . . . but nothing that felt like "home."Then a friend told me about Little Cottonwoods. I said "Ok, I'll check it out after work."  The moment I walked on the grounds I knew that this was probably going to be home. I just needed to see an apartment that I felt comfortable in . . . the first one they showed me was nice, but still not the right one. The 2nd one was magic! I loved it from the minute I stepped in the front door. It was cozy, but the rooms were generous, the kitchen was new, and it felt so perfect.I've lived here awhile now and I still love it. The staff are friendly and always responsive when needed. The grounds are maintained beautifully. The neighborhood couldn't be any better. It is walking distance to a Starbucks and a Trader Joe's, but not smack dab in the middle of a commercial area. It is quiet (well, besides the two doves who coo outside by bedroom window, but I don't mind).The benefits far out-weigh the bad points . . . wait, I haven't found any bad points.  I am happy as a clam in my own well-fitting Little Cottonwood shell.
5	I just turned in my keys to this place about an hour ago, following a 12 month lease. The location is stellar! There are a ton of great businesses within walking distance. The park out back, the neighborhoods, and canal path are great for exercising your kids, yourself, or your dog.  I never needed anything in terms of service requests so I can't review management beyond being efficient in processing and responding to inquiries. The company is very communicative about things like service issues and water outages.  This is my third lease with the Equity Apartment management group. I'd use them again.The complex is actually two complexes combined under one management team which has resulted in duplicate unit numbers. Every time someone refused my offer for additional verbal directions, they arrived in shock as to how tricky the space is to navigate. If you rent here, be prepared  for this.The biggest issue I had here was being on a second floor end unit. Lots of gas fumes from garages below and the utilities were pretty high. Also, directing people to my unit was a hassle. The tenants are a good mix and generally relaxed. When  you walk through the complex in early spring, the citrus trees smell amazing.  I'm definitely going to miss this place.
5	These apartments are stellar. I just renewed my third lease. The rents are pricey and go up by about $60 every year, but worth it. Great location. My unit has brand new appliances, vaulted high ceilings (im on the second floor), two patios, a garage, washer/dryer, storage unit. They let you paint your interior during your lease. Maintenance is very quick to answer calls, but I haven't had any major problems. Ive seen minor bugs here in the summer, but nothing gross. No roaches or scorpions. Staff is friendly. I once had a problem with a downstairs neighbor and two months later they were moving out. Wonder if they got evicted. Anyways, kudos to management. Im a single mom and I feel safe here with my son.
3	Okay so I'm just going to start this out with a solid 3 star A-OK review. We have lived here just about a year now and in that amount of time I feel like I've seen enough to talk about it. Let me just say first off the location is amazing, I'd even say perfect! Even though that has almost nothing to do with the actual living arrangements, it does make a pretty big deal to live in the right spot. This place is great if you like different modes of transportation other than a car. Great shopping and dinning right at the corner north of here with grocery store, lots of food options, chain and local, drugstore, gas station, other various stores. That's a big deal to me, nice to be able to walk to all those things. There is frequent Tempe bus service 20 hours a day til almost 1am on McClintock with a connection to light rail, great bike lanes on McClintock and Guadalupe with a multi-use path along the canal just south of this complex and easy freeway access to the Loop 101 and US-60 both about a mile from here. You really can't beat that!So location aside the actual units are nice and the office staff always has been very helpful and available to us. On the other hand there are a few little things that can make or break where you live. When we first moved in to our unit we had an upgraded kitchen and bathrooms, but no baseboards and an old, flat carpet from the last tenants. The windows are thin and during the summer that can cause a problem though they do have solar shades on most windows with an over abundance of sunlight. A new company has bought the property and is in the process of painting all the buildings and are remodeling all the old units with new carpet, dark cherry cabinets, tan walls, and beautiful baseboards. If we had one of those gorgeous, updated units this may easily be 5 stars, so take this with a grain of salt and keep in mind all units surely vary. My last frustrations are that the A/C unit does not have high enough pressure to reach the master bedroom which happens to also get the most direct sunlight, so in the summer this can be a problem. That room also happens to have a window that is 6 inches away from a neighboring patio which wouldn't be a problem aside from the fact that they smoke, frequently. So as you can imagine when the weather is nice out and we have our windows open, their smoke rolls right in our window and fills up our bedroom and that room of course has no air pressure to push that smoke or hot air back out. Just a heads up, check your neighbors before you move in. A LOT of people in this complex smoke, and frequently. We literally have a smoker on every single side of us and I wish we had know that from day one.So basically to wrap it all up, this is a nice little community in a great location with a helpful office staff and nice floor plans. There just may or may not be some of the little details that can make or break how much you enjoy your home.
2	The apartments are dated. The a/c was loud and inefficient. My electric bill in the summer was around 150$ for a one bedroom apartment. The location is decent, but for the price you can find a much better deal in this area of Tempe.
5	I am 6 months into my lease and I love this place. Its so quite and clean. The staff is quick to respond to issues and quickly fixes anything. I moved here after leaving a horrible apartment complex that refused to fix anything. Having a helpful staff has taken so much tension off of my back. I can't wait to resign my lease. The neighborhood is so nice and taken care of. I love this place.
1	I moved into Little Cottonwoods in August 2011 under equity residential management. All was good, clean, quiet, management was good. Come February 2013 and MEB buys the property. Heads to a "low income ghetto" in 6 months. "Poor" tenants, glass in the landscaping and rocks. Management sucks! Potential tenant, ask yourself this, do you want your deposit back? Neighbors with jobs? Cars that aren't sitting broken down? Rent that is reasonable for the area? If you said "yes" to any of the above, move elsewhere. I've steered away potential tenants away from leasing at Little Cottonwoods after telling our story. Upon move out, they treat you like garbage and don't release deposits.  I did a walk through with the main maintenance man and he told me I should shampoo my carpets every 6 months and said our apartment was "filthy". Get real, man. He told me the carpet was 3.5 years old when we walked through the apartment.  The quality of the carpet is low, what do you expect? Especially after 2.5 years of leasing. ( oh and $80 to clean the "dirty" fridge and stove) I have time stamped pictures that show otherwise. He told me any costs associated with cleaning and turnover of the unit is passed onto me. (LC should study up on the law a little better).  CP wouldn't call me back. In fact, I've NEVER had a response from the staff. I have pictures of the unit on the day of move out to back this up. If a potential tenant talks to me about suggestions on complexes in the Tempe area, I don't recommend LC now. This has potentially cost them leases totaling in the thousands of dollars, over the $400 cleaning fees they expertly "assessed". All charges of which they "assessed" fell into "reasonable wear and tear". Nothing excessive, of course. Remember, 2.5 years of leasing. They also never send out 60 day renewal rate notices. Read the "non recommended" reviews  at the bottom of the reviews for a full picture of what the complex is like. Its all 100% true. There's a reason why most reviews are negative and deal with deposits, bugs and management issues. The choice is yours. Tread carefully and do your homework. In the end, I win, Little Cottonwoods and MEB. You lose.Feel free to message me for proof. STAY CLEAR.
1	Don't live here, but was interested as my boyfriend and I were driving by. Decided to head to the office to receive a little information about the place and we were immediately treated with disrespect from a woman named Melinda. Asked if we could even afford the place and seemed less than interested in selling the it to us. That's fine, I'm sure there are other places willing to treat potential renters with more courtesy than this place does. Can't imagine what actual renters have to experience..
1	this is the fourth month for me living here at little cottonwoods, and the third month since a ceiling collapsed in my apartment. I am still waiting on someone to come and fix the structure failure, I feel that I'm breathing nasty smells when I'm near the collapsed ceiling. carpenter ants ate me like they ate the old "remodeled unit"  I wish someone said something on yelp before I signed my lease.I spent a bit more than 300$ on pesticides and it's barely even working on the ant infestation.they sent amateurs from a 3rd company to spray the apartment and feed the ants poisoned food multiple times. it worked for a week and then I had to finish of what they started.I gotta be honest though, the wonderful staff members that work at the leasing office are the only thing that calm me down whenever I go complaining about the apartment situation they always make me smile :)Management on the other hand is very very busy looking up on the internet: " how to rebuild a ceiling? " I always hear the same ** from the office"we are sorry to hear .." "I remember we talked " "We are still waiting on the roofers""the roofers are very busy"just fix it
