2	If I did not have to go here, I would not.  This is a new location that opened up for "my convenience" (as the receptionist said).  While I appreciate an alternative option that is only a 15 minute drive away, as opposed to the main downtown office 30 minutes away, "convenience" is only as good as what and how it is offered.Let me state first that all people with whom I interacted were very friendly and nice.  No one had any bad attitude.Despite the niceness, both staff members were not helpful when I asked them a few easy questions.  I had three specific reasons for coming into that office: 1) dropping off 2 forms, one of which was a request to put my name on the account, giving me joint and equal access with hubby to anything related to our condo and condo complex, 2) buying a 2nd parking decal, and 3) picking up a pool ID wristband.Nice receptionist was flummoxed by my forms.  She was confused that I wrote down the name of the property manager, thinking that I wanted to give that person access to my condo.  NO.  I wrote down that name in the appropriate spot because there was clearly a space to do so on YOUR form.  I do NOT want to give that person access.  I want access to MY condo MYSELF and that's why MY name was written in the "authorized individual" space.  After 5 minutes of this confusion, receptionist went to speak with "someone in the back with more information."  She comes back asking if I know anything about a title company holding the deed to my condo.  Uh, no.  This goes on for 10 minutes, after which time the "person with more information" told receptionist that she entered in wrong information and hit a wrong key on the keyboard.Ok.  I thought buying a parking decal and picking up a wristband would be easy compared to the above.  The wristband was acquired.  The decal took some extra effort.  This office does not accept cash or credit card payments.  Personal cheques and money orders are fine.  I don't carry a chequebook anymore and when was the last time I bought a money order??  Would you mind charging my account for the parking decal?  No, they don't do that.  Receptionist tells me that I have to go to the Check City a few minutes away in order to buy a (free) money order.  All that for a $5 parking decal!  Grr....so I did, mainly because I wanted to get everything done and not come back!So, in summary, I do not want to visit First Service Residential again.  My maiden visit was time-consuming and annoying.  However, the staff all seem genuinely nice, if clueless and reluctant to think outside the box (or rulebook).
1	First service residential has taken over "running" my hoa in January.  What a horrible company. If I could give them zero stars I would. They are harassing me sending me bs violations.  I got a violation for one piece of poop in my patio yard! One piece of poop! I was in shock that they had the nerve to send me the violation with an attached photo of the one poop in the yard. If that's not harassment then I don't know what is...oh I know having them send me that same violation every three weeks. Really dogs poop I pick it up and guess what digs will poop some more its ridiculous.  Now they have moved on however from the poop violations. Now for some reason they don't have my approval for my security camera I installed because kids were jumping into my yard, were throwing rocks at my dogs and sliding glass door.  They were throwing their chip bags over trying to feed my dogs and damaged my brick wall, which I was told I had to fix.  Well its been nine months and all of a sudden now its not approved...we don't have your paperwork. Ok so did they lose it, misplace it or did they just throw it away so they could have one more thing to harass me about. And if I fill it out again which I probably wouldn't have had such a problem with, if I don't know that idiot assistant knew how to talk to people with respect. Will the paperwork be "missing" again in a few months and they make me fill it out again.  Just to keep on with the harassment. I called the manager then the regional manager I get no reply. Apparently I'm not worth a simple call back or email back. But they sure have time to send me violations.  I'm trying to reach out to get this resolved and apparently no one cares.Well lets see of course no one cares from this company. On my street only three lights work its so dark so unsafe. They decided to change security gaurd companies damn guy sits in the club house all day. Just as hard as they work at harrasing me they should work at keeping tabs on the security gaurd company they hired. A dog was killed across from my house two sundays ago by a vicious pitt bull. I have nothing against the breed but according to the hoa when I moved in here that type of breed was not allowed. So I don't understand why nothing was said to my neighbors, why am I the only one being harassed. If they did their jobs properly and stopped focusing all their efforts on my one piece of poop in my yard maybe they could have saved poor cocos life. Not to mention a little girl was walking coco and that pitt got out somehow, she was lucky coco was the target of the attack and she was able to run off. Who knows what could have happened to that poor little girl if the pitt had turned on her. Its just irritating to me that real problems exist but all they want to do is harass me!!!! Oh and did I mention a fire hydrant is tipped over broken. How many times must I send them complaints. What's going to happen if a fire occurs and the firefighters can't use the hydrant to extinguish the fire. Its ridiculous our lives are literally in danger since this new management company took over. All in all this management company is horrible!!!!!
1	BIGGEST SCUMBAGS ON EARTH!! Unorganized, weakest accounting department, worst customer service, impossible to get a hold of. They will change the location of where you are supposed to send you bill without giving you any notice and then charge you late fees when your checks don't arrive on time. Scumbags
