5	Went to Cafe Aroma for lunch to celebrate my birthday with a bunch of friends.  The food was great and the service was spot on. Thank you so much for providing an great dining experience.
2	Went for breakfast the other day. Very few tables in the place and 2 waitresses, so you think we would have had good service, NOT!  We waited 1/2 hour for our food and they messed up my order, so had to send it back.  The waitress apologized, but then proceeded to blame the cook saying she wish she could fire him because he messes up all the time (so professional!).  $25 for breakfast for 2 people is a little steep if you ask me, for that kinda money, I would expect top notch service. Food wasn't bad, but in the future, you'll find me at Denny's across the street which has consistent service and quality.
1	I am have been here two times in 2 days. Yes,  the food is that good. You may ask yourself why only 1 star then? The service here has been sub par on both occasions. My last vist was a togo order. The lady told me it would be ready in 20 minutes. It took them 45 minutes. So I waited on a chair outside in the cold.DONT EVER ORDER FOOD TOGO!
4	Very fresh salad, great herb wrap, very friendly staff.
5	Open only for breakfast and lunch, this family owned business sets the bar for both meals, the food is straight forward and excellent. If you want a Greek Salad or homemade Swedish Pancakes from scratch, the result is stunning. I'm in four times this week alone and its only Thursday. A varied menu with all items excellent, try it you'll like it!  While a small, friendly cafe, I've never had to wait, but If I did need to the wait it would be worth it.Frank. G
1	It looks and tastes like nothing special... Kinda bleh. But the waitress was dare I say... overly friendly. It was almost uncomfortable how awkward it was lol.  I'd prefer the Good Egg anyday
2	Coffee wasn't good, OJ from a machine, Selling other things in a restaurant such as jewelry and art is usually a warning sign of a place not doing well and can't survive on its food alone. I ordered eggs over medium. It's a good test for cooks. Eggs came out over easy and were watery. One plate had actually been set in food from another plate. Bacon was fatty. Toast might as well come from grocery a store. The steak must have been frozen as it was done in 5min. Nothing from this place was something you couldn't make at home.
5	This is your smaller, Extremely friendly, family owned business up in Anthem.  Food is good and the wait staff is attentive.  Every time we are in there I always notice the owners going out of their way to greet new customers and make sure everyone likes their food.  If you prefer somewhere that is cozy with good food this is your place.  Keep up the great work!
5	I read earlier reviews and had to check to make sure we were all talking about the same place. I went to Cafe Aroma with my 11-year-old son and had a great experience. The place was packed (right at noon), but our food still arrived timely and fresh. It isn't a fast food restaurant ... everything is cooked as it's ordered, so I do make allowances for that. I ordered a veggie wrap, and it was SO, SO good! I'm picky about my veggies, but they were fresh (not frozen or canned) and it was really delicious. I asked for feta instead of cheddar, and it was perfect. My son ordered a burger, and he thought it was one of the best restaurant burgers he's had. The staff was really friendly, and it felt like a down-home kind of friendly place. We'll be going back, for sure. I'm glad Cafe Aroma is in Anthem, so close to us!
4	Excellent service. Great food. Nice atmosphere.
4	All for staff on duty were friendly and helpful. Our breakfasts of pancakes and eggs, including Swedish pancakes were tasty and hot! Location is just across the street from the Outlets at Anthem and the prices were reasonable.
1	Slooowwww as hell! No updates on our order while we sat there. After 30 minutes we walked out. Waitress came out after seeing us get into our car and held her hands up as if what's wrong? No apologies, "everybody came in at the same time, you have to wait!"
1	Aroma cafe is a fitting name but unfortunately the aroma from here is foul. My family and I came out on vacation and picked up a Restaurant.com certificate to use here. The owner explained to us that he couldn't accept it because it wasn't  printed. Now don't  anyone think I made a mistake here and forgot to print it. This certificate was on my phone and it clearly had all the instructions for the restaurant owner with it. It had the certificate number and an 800 number for him to call and verify it. It clearly stated 'Do Not Print'. He gave ridiculous and even some offensive reasons why he couldn't accept it and REFUSED to call the number. At one point he even lied and said he did call, after I called him on it, he backtracked and gave another stupid excuse. Not a problem, there was a Denny's across the street with a kind staff who served us a delicious breakfast for half the price.Save your money for a place that appreciates their customers and don't bring them in with fake advertising they don't honor.They have 1 star because you must give at least 1 to post a review but they deserve a big smelly ZERO!
3	Stopped in for breakfast about 9 am on the way out of Phoenix. First time in and, if I'm in the area I would give them a second try. Food was great but service was slow. There was four tables in use when we came in. I suspect the 1 waitress was also working in the kitchen. Thanks Yelpers.
4	We stopped in for breakfast.  Right off the bat a bunch of Armenians own this joint.  That's not bad, but they sit out front smoking cigarettes, drinking coffee like they are from Grand Theft Auto planning their next hit. The food is good and not the place you want to visit with a big group or if you are in a rush.  We liked it, but we could see how coupons and people in a time crunch would be irritated.  Come to think of it did take a while for the check to arrive, but we weren't going anywhere so we didn't care.  We are trying to make a concerted effort to patronize the locally owned places.  Sure you can go to Dennys and get equal or better, but where does that money go?  I would rather the Armenian Mob have it!!!  LOL!!!!
3	Basic diner quality, nothing too remarkable. Being a small family run outfit I'd expect them to really wow you with a dish or two. Fingers crossed they try something bold. Right now its destined to serve blue hairs. Don't get me wrong, this place still kicks the shit out of a Denny's.
4	Before you hit the Outlet Mall, show up early and nab the earlybird. 4 items for $4.44.
2	I originally wrote the owners on their website...You won't like what I have to say but sometimes the truth hurts by makes us stronger. Now for my first experience at your restaurant...My wife and I had heard good things about your restaurant so we decided to try breakfast this morning. The first thing I noticed when we sat down was our table was dirty. As I looked around I saw more dirty tables along with chairs with small pieces of food/crumbs in them. "We were seated by the small fountain by the from door". The fountain had trash on it and the harder to reach areas of the floor are filthy. When our food arrived my wife said just don't look at the dirty etc... so we could eat without thinking about it. The silverware and plates were clean but my milk glass had coffee? spots on the outside. Argh...My food was good and I especially liked the sausage gravy. My wife's omelet was good but had way to much green pepper that over powered everything else. Oh and you were out of orange juice, really?  If it were my place I would have sent someone to Wal-Mart instead of having them standing behind the wall eating and talking among other employees.I really wish we would have had a better experience and have had better experiences at Denny's of all places. Sit down and look at your place from the customers view. I think you will (hope you will) see what I am talking about.
4	We stopped here for breakfast on our way out of Phoenix headed to flagstaff. Had a good experience, would return.
4	Staff was very attentive and the food was delicious.  I've lived in anthem for 4 years and never knew this place was here for some reason until someone mentioned it to me.  I had the pancakes with granola and chocolate chips.  Different but very good the pancakes were just right.
5	I know this review is on the long side and naturally there's lots of excitement that comes with trying something new. I Came here today for the first time and have to say that this is my new favorite breakfast / lunch place in Anthem! Went here for lunch on Saturday there was four of us in our party. My wife, me, a close friend and my grandson.  Everything is so fresh, flavorful, and huge so what is there to NOT like about that.First off we were greeted by the most friendly waitress I have encountered in a long time. Her name was Angelia. The service and atmosphere was so good. I gave this pplace 5 stars. Angelia took our drink order and allowed us to take our time ordering. Our friend ordered eggs Benedict. She said the Eggs Benedict  was fantastic (and obviously so by her clean plate). My wife ordered the Ruben. She said it was wonderful,flavorful, and jdelicious!! It was amply stacked with fresh ingredients.I got the Greek Salad  along with a bowl of Chicken Vegetable / rice soup. Both the Greek Salad and soup portions are was very generous. So much so I ended up taking most off my salad home. I left so full.Now for my grandson's order. My grandson doesn't like eggs. Yet he ordered a breakfast omelet sandwich without the egg. When he asked Angelia if it would be OK to get it in a wrap with no egg she said no problem. He was a bit picky with how he wanted the wrap made and Angelia was nothing but accomidating. She showed real concern for her customer's happiness.My wife, grandson and our friend all finished off their meals with dessert. My wife and our friend got a slice of home made mouth watering pie. Simply said they have great pies. My grandson & I both took home a large muffin.I Would definitely recommend this cute cafe. I gave this restaurant five stars because the service was amazing. This place gets full marks for customer service. The people there are super nice, energetic, and happy to have your business. Some places just 'have it' and this place "has it". Will definitely go back here in the future. This is a wonderful family run business, that is super friendly and clean. Trust me I'll be back. You can't go wrong.
4	Cute place, super friendly! Had the breakfast burrito, asked for bacon instead of ham.. Was delicious!  Had great flavor with a lot of bacon! Wasn't disappointed at all! Family also had biscuits and gravy and the turkey blt wrap, everyone enjoyed their food. Will be back for sure!
4	My wife and I decided to visit Cafe Aroma again. We hoped like our visit this time around would be a similar experience. We weren't dissapointed.This place is a rarity in these times. By that I mean it is family run. On this visit we had the pleasure of meeting the owners Arlin & Nickie. They were very pleasant & friendly. As far as breakfast goes, I'm not a big fan and normally I don't get breakfast at a restaurant because somehow most places I go to botch it up. Thank goodness this spot is not one to follow suite. First off I want to say our server Monik she was friendly and attentive and totally on top of things and kept popping back to check on water levels, coffee refills, etc. My wife feels that a good breakfast needs good coffee and their coffee passed her test.  She ordered the THE CLASSIC which was 2 eggs over medium, sausage links-patties, with a side of their Buttermilk Biscuits smothered with homemade sausage gravy. My wife said her eggs was cooked to perfection. By her satisfied expression, she reveled in the goodness of her choices made at breakfast. As for me I'm not a foodie. But I like good food, I know what I like and there's plenty here. I ordered the 2X4 (2 eggs over easy, 2 strips of Bacon, 2 sausage links, 2 Buttermilk Pancakes with a side order of cornbeef hash). I loved the pancakes - great consistency and flavor - and the perfect size. One last thing on Sunday they have a Variety Show featuring local talent from 12-close. My wife and I stayed for the show. First up was Dr. Lawrence Stern of Arizona Eyecare followed by the Red Sky Esemble. The avergae age of the group was 16. They were very entertaining, talented young men. So if you have a special musical talent like original monologues, comedy routine, poetry, singing, dancing, playing an instrument acting talent ect. then show it off. Consider auditioning for the Variety Show at Cafe Aroma. For more info please contact Cafe Aroma @ 623-551-1500 FOOD: The food taste more homemade, Reminds me of an old town restaurant. They made sure you did not go home un-satisfied and hungry. SERVICE: Like our last visit the way service should be. Friendly and warm. CONCLUSION: Cafe Aroma is the best kept secret around. Everything from breakfast to lunch to their Sunday Variety Show ... One word: AMAZING. So go here. Seriously, just do it. Don't think about it, Just go.
4	Third time's a charm.... My wife & I went back to Cafe Aroma for lunch today. My wife ordered the  1/2 lb. Avocado Cheese Burger with French fries. She took her first bite and said "This is one of the best burgers I've had in years". It is so moist, tender and tastey. And the buns are perfect. PERFECT! She said here have a bite you need to taste this. My, oh my, I thought to myself, this is one tasty burger. Moist without being greasy and the meat was seasoned "just right" . Delicious and exploding with flavor. I wouldn't say this place has the best burgers. But they are right up there for sure. I don't know how to best describe the "bun" the burger was on but it was incredible.Then my wife says she wanted me to taste her French fries. The fries were amazing.  Seriously some of the best french fries I've ever had.  The outside of the fry was crisp, and then it was soft and potatoey on the inside.  They were also salted just perfectly.Now for my order: I started my meal off with the French Onion Soup. One taste and I could tell it was good but it was warm, not hot. I like hot soup so I sent it back to be nuked. When it returned it was just right. Next I had the Arizona wrap with a side salad. The Arizona wrap is a grilled chicken Breast, with lettuce, tomato, onion, olives feta cheese and a house dressing.  The Arizona wrap was well prepared. I was pleasantly surprised. It was simply a breath of fresh sandwichy  /wrap air. What made this particular wrap so great was that all of the ingredients were extremely fresh, not to mention the Romaine Lettuce provided a subtle crunchy texture contrast that but the sandwich wrap over the top.  The wrap itself contained mild flavoring, which greatly supported the subtle nature of the greens used in the wrap. I had no complaints, except that I couldn't finish it all, but that's a personal problem. : -)FOOD:  Fresh and flavorful and that's the way every restaurant should be. Do a few things, but do them really, really, really well... Soooo delicious oh and the portions are right on the dot. PRICE: Decently priced. You will not find these prices for the quality anywhere. SERVICE: The service was impeccable.  CONCLUSION:  I am extremely confident that you can visit this place, enjoy a meal, and feel that you didn't throw your money away. It is perfect for that nice day out if you're looking for something delicious. This place is not in my neighborhood, but we'll continue to make the drive out there again and again.
1	Terrible. This place will suck years off of your life waiting for overcooked eggs, or wraps with wilted frozen lettuce.  Sloooooow! So much for a quick bite for lunch on the way back to Phoenix...
1	The food was ok.took forever to get the food and the check. Don't think we will be back.
1	After reading all the reviews about the good food, yet poor service, we thought we would give them a try. Horrible horrible service, terribly long wait and very rude servers.  Food was decent, but we won't be back.
