2	On my first visit, my experience wasn't so great. I've had a work injury and my boss took me here. I filled in paperwork and was told the wait time was going to be two and a half hours. I've asked if I filled in everything correctly and if I could just come back later. The person at the desk said everything was in order and I just had to be back by a certain time. Drove back to work then got a rude call saying there was more paperwork and that if I didn't come back immediately, I would be taken off the "waiting list". I head back and all they needed was a signature and a few check marks, which could have waiting until I came back at the right time. When I finally got to see a doctor, he move my thumb to check for any pain, which I did have because I stabbed it with a box cutter. He recommended that I return to work with no light duty, and never explained anything else.I did have to go back for a follow-up a few days later. This time my experience was much more pleasant. This time, I had a different doctor who was much more polite and friendly. He was able to explain in detail, yet simple enough for someone not versed in medical terms, what could be causing the pain in my thumb. If I had to go back, I would only return if I can be seen by the doctor from my second visit.
5	I visited Concentra for a work-related injury.  I was surprised to find that the wait time wasn't that long, even though there were lots of folks in the waiting room.  Things appeared to be organized, and the whole experience was handled quickly and smoothly.  The ladies at the desk were friendly and helpful, and the doctor did a great job explaining the aftercare I would need.  I was pleasantly surprised - I was planning to spend the whole day waiting!
5	I visited concentra for a work related injury. I was also from out of state, the girls at the front desk are truly amazing! There is a girl named Lathasha that was just 100 percent on it she was so friendly and very helpful. She remebered my name everytime I went in there. She helped me with my workmans comp insurance and everything. They offered bottled water, snacks and candy as well. When I went back to see the Doctors there are two of them and they are great although I favor the older gentlemen both doctors sit down and talk to you. I was amazed about how clean the office was and how friendly the staff are as well. I would reccommend this place for anyone!!
1	Go somewhere else if you can. waiting an hour for a drug test and over 2 hours to see a doctor is a joke.
1	This place is ridiculous. Why does it take so long to go through here? I was here 2 weeks ago for a pre employment drug test. Well they lost it and waited until yesterday to notify my new employer. I can't start until this is done. So I have to go back today to redo it. They wouldn't let me make an appointment for this, did not apologize once for the trouble, and have kept me waiting over an hour just to pee in a cup. Never ever go here if you can avoid it. Oh and some of the chairs in the waiting room have blood on them. When I notified the front desk about this they told me I could stand if I preferred!!
3	So, I fell at work. Not only do I have to deal with workman's comp phone calls (that's harassment in itself.) I have to jump through 743284320843 million hoops to see what my injury is, find out if (and how) I can go back to work.I walk in today, around 1240. The lobby is slightly busy. The woman at the front tells me to sign in, and then informs me that the entire injury process takes 2 and a half hours. Good grief.After filling out two sets of paperwork, them taking copies of my C4, my NVDL, I get called back around 110. So, just over 30 minutes of signing in... Not bad. I've personally waited longer at my OBGYN.The medical assistant takes my vitals....My blood pressure 3 times. After reviewing my story, she told me that the doctor would be around in 20 minutes.50 minutes later, the doctor comes in. He is friendly, but I still didn't get a diagnosis, or some what thought of what could be wrong with my knee.Upon my dismissal, I set up an appointment for next week. I received a magnet, as a reminder that they are also an " urgent care."Staff seems nice enough, but like I said, long waits, and still no ending to my "injury" story.
4	3.5 starsI had seen this place driving by but found out it was an in network benefit when I checked my insurance website.  I'd been sick for 4 days and was in denial that it was anything more than an upper respiratory infection, or a cold.  I finally decided to head in knowing my symptoms weren't ER worthy, but realizing that my primary care wouldn't be able to swab for the flu.  When I walked in I noticed a very strong scent.  Being sick, it was actually a little unbearable.  I wasn't sure if it was a strong cleaning product or a room deodorizer but I was really bothered by it! When I checked in at the front desk I asked the woman if they swabbed for the flu.  She said yes but that I'd probably be there for hours.  I wasn't sure if she was just informing me of the long wait, or discouraging me from waiting, but I proceeded to sign in.  The good: I was only there a couple of hours in total, which was better than I though with how badly they were playing up the wait time.  The place was clean.  Plenty of seats in the waiting room.The bad: One of the techs or medical assistants didn't introduce themselves when they came in to do a test on me.  When I received my discharge papers no one went over the prescription (side effects, how and when to take, etc.).  I'm not sure if this was because they knew I was in the healthcare field or not, but either way I would never hand my patients a prescription and then say, "you're free to go."  It's never fun to have to go to Urgent Care but if you really need to, this isn't a bad place to go.  It's better than waiting 8 hours and clogging up a busy ER with flu-like complaints, and it's probably more beneficial to you than waiting a few days to see your doctor.  I'd go again if needed.
1	Wife hurt her back at work. Came here. 45 minutes in lobby. 30 in exam room to have vitals taken. 30 for Dr. to see to see her. 30 waiting to take xrays....it went on and on. Total time here...3 and a half hours.  Wifey was in terrible pain. I had to help her walk, was never offered help or a wheelchair eventhough there were many around. Fricken horrible place. Don't come here if you can avoid it.
5	I was visiting LV with my husband last week, broke my toe and was in a lot of pain.  Visited this clinic and was treated very well.  Upon arriving at front desk I was told of expected duration of visit (accurate estimation) of apprx 1.5 hrs from sign in until completion of visit.  From initial contact until I left the clinic, I was treated like family.  Staff was friendly knowledgeable, professional and courteous. This clinic showed as much "aloha" as we do in Hawaii Nei.  I would definitely return if needed and I will share with everyone the great service I received from this clinic.  Mahalo Concentra!
2	In reviewing my bill I found a couple charges that weren't tasks completed during my appointment.    They told me that they found services I received several weeks back and needed to charge me.   I explained I pay cash every week and keep no records but feel I have paid the correct amount every time and have never felt undercharged I promise you that.   Well, in the end they offered to take 50.00 off which was less than 20% of the fee.   I paid them off, literally.... to make it go away.   I will not go back.
1	This place is awful, I had a 3:30 appointment, it is 4:40 and I still haven't been seen. Stay away from this place!
5	Great care and treatment. Very personal and caring. The team makes recovery not only bare able but enjoyable. Thank you!
5	I went in today and they tried for physical therapy and I couldn't do it very well so now the ordering an MRI I think something's bad wrong with me so we will see hopefully I can go back to work soon
3	First off come with a battery fully charged. Your appt may be at 915 but you be seen at 11. Hope you like hgtv and dreaming big because by the time your work injury goes through the process your probably going to have permeant damage. Might seem as if people going ahead of you and your appointment was a futile idea of time management and you would be right. Once you've made it back lay down chill out take another nap. After rummaging through the drawers and seeing if you can build a house out of tongue depressors you will be seen. Five minutes later your already heading home. Dr h awesome, staff rude unrealistic of wait times.
1	After making an appointment and arriving early like I was asked to do they tell me I have a two hour wait.
