4	Fast service
3	Not the best pizza in the world, but they are quick, the pizza is good, and affordable.  I love the garlic herb crusts that you can choose for your pizza.This place is really for pick up or delivery only.
3	We (4) gathered at my son's house to watch the Greenbay/ 49ers game @ 6:00pm got hungry and ordered pizza and wings from HH's pizza(35th ave. and Union Hills location) online. The ordering process was a little confusing  but got through it ok. We ordered 2 med. pizzas (1 cheese and 1 tomato, onion and ham), 1 order bread sticks, and 10 piece hot wings. $35-$40 including tip. Wait time was told 45 mins. but came in about 30 mins. Surprising on a game night and Saturday to boot! Arrived nice and hot but sadly the food was mediocre at best. Pizza was OK, bread sticks OK, wings a little salty but OK. Really not much better than Little Caesar's overall. The same order would have been about $20 cheaper but no delivery. The Packers lost too which didn't help any. Oh well...there is always next year! Had fun none the less! Would I go back to Hungry Howies? Probably not.
1	I enjoy Hungry Howie's Pizza in general but this particular location is horrible.  The female who answers the phone seemed put out or unwilling when I tried to order a pizza for delivery.  Why would she say they do not deliver to my location when my order was delivered to my same exact location 2 weeks prior?  Be prepared to give your first and last name, address, zip code, city and state, major cross streets,blood type, thumb print, retina scan, hair sample, cheek swab, and shoe size when you call to order? Seriously, why all the questions? Ordering a pizza should be an uncomplicated effort.
1	I ordered a medium pizza pepperoni and bacon pizza with cheese bread.. I was told my pizza would be here 30 to 40 min. It took over an hour when the delivery man showed up I was very polite and very outgoing just excited to see my dinner. He was very unmotivated and he forgot my mountain dew and honestly seemed like he hated his job. He then told me " ops I forgot to look at the ticket" really not hard bro!! I even left a tip because I myself work in the industry and also work for tips.. I opened my pizza it was cold as well as my cheese bread..I would avoid this place all together!!!!! I use to work at a hungry Howies I know how exactly things work..sorry but horrible service
