4	Though I find it slightly pricey for what you get, the food overall is very tasty and I wholeheartedly recommend the Kabob Grill to anyone who is a fan of Mediterranean food. The tabbouleh, potato harra, shawerma, and lamb kabobs (succulent and melt-in-your-mouth good) are particularly worth mentioning. The pickled condiments are excellent too, with a great spicy vinagery taste. The hommos, served with flatbread, is good, very smooth, though I personally prefer a little more lemon. The meat pies and grape leaves were fair; I'd like a little more spices/flavor. They also have a nice selection of wine and beer, including some good, heavy Ukranian (or Baltic?) brews that I haven't had anywhere else. They frequently have coupons in the Ballantyne magazines.
3	Very friendly staff and the service was decent.  The food is good, but I thought it was expensive for what you get.
4	Great middle eastern and Mediterranean food; decent prices. The hummus is excellent as is the kafta. The place is right next to the movie theaters in stone crest off Rea road. Try it next time you catch a movie.
2	I stopped in for lunch on the wknd and there was one person working the entire room. She finally stopped for a minute to take my order after waiting at the bar for almost 10 mins and she told me it would be 15-20 mins which was fine with me since I had to run to the Teet. Well, 30 mins later, I am back and still no food. She forgot to put my order in and at that point I was starving and just wanted my gyro lunch special. They had a nice selection of lunch specials available seven days a wk so I'll give that to them.I got it and took it home. it was good but nothing to write home about. The lamb wasn't too flavorful and the tsatziki sauce was kinda weak. I would love to check it out again when they have a better service situation going on. I hear their hummus and baba ghannouj is terrific so I think I will be giving them a second chance in hopes of a better experience.
5	Great food, always accepts our coupons even if they are out of date.  The food is always hot, fresh and fantastic!  If you have never tried the potatoes they are a must!
4	Been there twice now and had the falafel dinner both times and both times they were made very well...the flavor is above average when I compare to other falafel I've had.  My wife had lentils the most recent time and she loved them and she is pretty picky about lentils.  The price is abit inflated but the experiences thus far haven't detered me from worrying about that.
5	Fantastic!  Tabbouleh, Vegetable Soup, Beef Kabob Wrap and Five Desserts!  Breaking my diet on a Monday is a great way to start the week!  Great for me to write some reviews!  Last night dinner at Kabob Grill was very good.  I think he said he and his brother own this one and the one on East Blvd.  This was my first dine at this location!  This was the first time I've ever noticed Mint in Tabbouleh - WOW!!!  The Mint really made a difference!!!  Fantastic!  First I had a very good Vegetable Soup: Sweet Corn, Zucchini, Carrots, Onions, Potatoes and Mushrooms!  I have never put crackers in my soup.  Last night I did.  They were more liked naturally dehydrated pita bread pieces.  The Beef Kabob was very good: Beef, Onion, Pickle and Garlic Sauce instead of Hommos (hummus? Right?)Then dessert:  Chocolate Tartufo: Zabaione Cream center, surrounded by Chocolate Gelato, caramelized hazel nuts and topped with Coco powder. Pistachio Baklava Mmmmm!  Bombe: Sorbet - Mango and Passion Fruit with a Raspberry center, covered in a White Chocolate Shell!  Chocolate Fondant: Chocolate Layer Cake filled with Chocolate Cream, topped with thick Chocolate miroir and the end was surrounded by Chocolate flakes (this one sounds wonderful and was good, though was the least unique and least wonderful, yet was the richest by far!). The Fifth Dessert was Torta Nocciola: layers of Hazelnut Cake, Hazelnut Cream and Chocolate Cream, topped with Hazelnuts.    I would and probably will repeat any part or entire meal again!!!  Service was Fantastic!  The owner was waiting on everyone and did a great job!Get the Turkish Coffee!!!
5	Hidden at the back of Stonecrest in a shop that faces Regal Cinemas is the Kabob Grill. Talk about quality Mediterranean! On Tuesday Casey and I dined there due to my intense tahini and falafel cravings. As usual, I left fat and happy.The restaurant itself is classy; the decorations are tasteful and not overdone. Every time I visit I see at least one family, and a few couples. The atmosphere is casual and relaxing. The dining area is smaller than in most restaurants, but comfort is not compromised; there is never din and it usually seems fairly quiet to me. Among the things I've ordered that stand out;  the grilled kafta kabobs (delicious ground beef with spices), the grilled lamb kabob, and most recently, the lamb kabob pita (packed with hommos, lamb chunks, pickled vegetables mmm!) . Delicious side items to try are; baba ghannouj, falafel, and potato harra. I've never ordered it, but this restaurant also offers hookah on the patio to those 18 and older. The guys that work here are so nice, and always very attentive. This is a must-try location while in the Ballantyne/South Charlotte area!!!
4	I've been to numerous Mediterranean restaurants in both the QC and Charleston, but this one takes the cake. Awesome variety, and great for vegetarians.
4	One night my family and I decided to go to Stonecrest on a Sat night without making reservations.  Of course everything was packed!  Finally we decided to try Kabob Grill.  We walked in and got a table without any problem.  The food was really good.  I had some sort of chicken dish with vegetables and it was very good.  If you like Mediterranean food you will like definately like this place.
5	BEST falafel I have had in Charlotte.  That's all I was hoping for and I found it.  That is all I want to share!
5	Excellent menu options.  We loved everything.  I ordered a salad with a chicken kabob and side of hummus.  My husband ordered the shawamara platter.  We will definitely go back!
5	I just realized I haven't reviewed Kabob Grill yet.  This is one of my wife and I's favorites in Charlotte, and the best Mediterranean place we've found in the area. The falafels are great, and they have a number of selections for vegetarians. The staff is also friendly, but not overbearing and the restaurant is comfortable - a good place to go on a date.  Tip: try the Turkish coffee.Both locations are good - though this one is a little bit more spacious.
5	I absolutely love the food here.  It's one of the few places near me in south Charlotte that I go to regularly.  Note that the food is great here, but its definitely a casual kind of place.  It's not a 5 start atmosphere and service, but both are more than satisfactory.Back to the food- the kabobs here are ridiculous.  I particularly enjoy the lamb and the kafta kabobs. The chicken is also fantastic.  For appetizers, get the hummous.  Yes- you've had hummous before, but this is on another level.  Another interesting choice is the grilled Halloumi- its salty and has a really interesting texture. Give it a try.The pita wraps are also great- and a good choice for a meal to go. You can't get them on Friday and Saturdays after 5, so stop by on a weekend or for an early meal and enjoy.
4	I love the Kabob grill. It may be a litte on the pricey side, but I am a fan of the quality of the food.  While I do like their chicken kabobs, my fav dish here is the vegetarian combo plate.  This typically comes with fresh house-made falafel, fresh house-made hummus, baba ganoush, yalanji, tabbolueh, and spinach pie, etc.  I love their falafel - it is very tasty.  And the hommus is so fresh.  It is usually served with pickled veggies on the side.  I normally don't love pickled veggies, but they taste great with the hommus & pita.  I am not a huge fan of yalanji or tabbolueh, so I skip those items altogether & order different side items in their place, such as the lentils with rice (Mijaddara). The mijaddara is flavorful and always good.  (They don't charge any more for the substitutions, which I appreciate.) I do normally like spinach pie, but theirs is always disappointing so I now avoid ordering it. The problem with their spinach pie is that it has always been pretty dry & tasteless with dark brownish looking spinach and no discernable feta. (Also, their crust isn't as good as the phyllo dough crust that you find at a lot of Greek places). So again, I usually just ask for a different side item or another falafel in place of the spinach pie. (I wonder if they make this item in big batches and freeze it for later because it taste to me like something previously frozen.) One of my very favorite things here is their lentil soup served with pita points.  They also have good chicken kabobs, salads, a nice selection of beer/wine/adult bevvies, etc.  I normally love baklava, but sadly theirs is usually hard and doesn't have a lot of flavor.  (I wonder if this something they get frozen from somewhere else or if they make big batches at a time & then freeze it.)  They have great beer specials on Sunday & Monday nights, so those nights are my favorite nights to go.   All in all, I really love the majority of their food, as well as the decor & atmosphere of the place.  Looking forward to my next visit!
2	This was a weeks ago but I realize I won't be going back so here it is to the best of my recollection. -the humus was tasteless 2 stars-the $16 Kafta Kabob looked great but wasn't any good plus overcooked and dry to boot -one of the worst Kaftas or Donner I ever had in fact: One star!-the Baba Ganouj was very tasty and the falafel excellent: Four stars but I think the menu said $10 for the falafel wrap?? Overall I found the pricing too high for what it is  and I'm deducting one star. I'll take the gritty but authentic La Shish Kabob over this overpriced desperate housewives of Ballantyne location anytime.
3	I would rate it a 3.8.  The food is very good, but we were disappointed by the portions.  Also service was very slow, the place was understaffed the night we went. Maybe a good lunch place but not coming back for dinner.
4	The food here is pretty good - I ordered a lamb kebab with a Fattoush salad on the side.  We loved the hummus as well.  The prices were pretty steep for the food you get.  Everything tasted good, but we probably won't return as the prices were way too high for the food we received.
2	Ate here last night.  My son and I both ad pita sandwiches....mine,the lamb, which was tasty, but not much lamb, mostly lettuce.  My son had the beef, which had a little more meat in it, but not much.Our bigger complaint was one of our servers who was rude!  We were served some type of bread, encased in  Saran, which I thought was a little odd since we had ordered sandwiches, but as I reached for it and actually had my HAND on it, the first server runs by, grabs it out of my hand with the comment that we were NOT to have been served that!   Really?  Ok, so another server made an error, but once it's on the table, be gracious enough to just let it go.  It's only bread, anyway.Then, we are served our pita sandwiches, wrapped nicely in paper, and as I'm unwrapping it, Rude Server, once again, GRABS it out of my hand, to "enlighten" me on how this is to be eaten, partially unwrapping it and handing it back to me.  Does the same routine with my son.Frankly, I'm a little put off by a server who grabs food out of my hand, TWICE, (or anyone else, when I'm hungry!), so between Rude Server, and not so much meat, I would think twice about revisiting if it weren't so close to home.
4	Hands down - Kabob Grill has the best hummus in town! This review is for the Stonecrest location. The service and food is great and consistent. Some of my favorites are the kibbeh (who doesn't like football shaped food filled with meat?),Nabeel's salad, and the chicken kabobs.  The entrees come with two sides, I recommend the potato hara and the hummus - they are both really, really tasty.
3	You know it's going to be a good place when the place is filled with Mediterranean people! I ordered take out because I didn't realize the place was so nice and that it's really a place to sit and enjoy the food. I ended up getting the vegetarian combo which included hommos, tabbouleh, baba ghannouj, falafel, spinach pie, yalanji and potato harra. This was all accompanied with pita bread. I foind the potato harra a little too acidic and the overall meal was a little too salty for my liking. I also would have liked some tzatziki sauce on the side. Overall, the place was really nice and the service was great. I combo platter was large and I was unable to eat it in one setting which isn't a complaint because these leftovers were yummy!
1	I guess it will take a few more years for the food scene to mature in Charlotte so that, on future visits, I don't have to deal with the likes of people who run this place. Clear indication that Charlotte needs more authentic Mediterranean establishments. I look forward to finding one on my next visit.We went there as a group of 5 last week and the place wasn't busy. This was my second visit. The experience was the same as the last one.  Average kabobs, lousy salads, inexperienced wait staff and an incredibly tactless/rude owner (maybe that explains the churn in staff). He clearly should not be in hospitality and food business; especially in the highly hospitable/polite culture of Charlotte. My friend, who lives in Ballantyne and suggested this place, apologized to rest of the group after the meal. Stay away from this place!!
5	I was previously stationed in Saudi Arabia, so I know what good Mediterranean food should be like.  This place nailed it!While it was not as spicy as the Middle-East, the food was quite flavorful.  We got the Baba-Ghanoush (awesome!) for a starter followed by the mixed grille with hummus and potatoes.  I agree with Michelle B. about the acidity of the potatoes, but they were still very tasty and not worth a star penatly.  Mixed grill was fabulous - Chicken the best, followed closely by the beef and kofta and then the lamb was the weakest but still tasty.  To wash it all down, I had Turkish Coffee - made right and even served in the traditional pitcher.Service was as good as it could be.  My water stayed full, my friend's tea stayed full and the pitas kept coming.If you can't make it to Turkey, Saudi, or Dubai, this place is pretty close to the real deal.
5	The food here was wonderful and the service even better. We had chicken kabobs with two sides. It was a $15 plate but you totally got what you paid for. Fresh, high quality food, well prepared. I got the hummus as one of my sides and it was the best I've had in town. Our daughter loved the kid's kabob but our 4 year old didn't. The server took notice and kindly brought him chicken nuggets at no charge. We will definitely go back!  The food and atmosphere is more upscale than the name sounds. Give it a try!  My husband also enjoyed the Turkish coffee.
5	I have to give these nice folks very high marks!  The food was delicious and I was very happy with the way the staff paid attention to the questions my fiance and I had before ordering (which is very important because both of us have food allergies.) They were patient to listen and answer our questions and customized a few things for us. The waitress was pleasant and efficient. The owner helped out with following up on drink refills when the waitress was busy.  Everything was fresh and the quality of the food was excellent.  I've honestly never much been a fan of Mediterranean food, but my fiance loves it so I figured I would just go along for the ride.  I ended up thoroughly enjoying the entire experience and I liked it enough to save it in my GPS for future reference.  You could say they've made me a convert!
4	Hi quality fresh Mediterranean food (think falafel, olives, eggplant, hummus, tzatziki, tabbouleh, etc) and fast, friendly service.  Best place for Mediterranean food in ballantyne area
5	I went here for a get-together this weekend. I'm vegan, so I only had the veg items. Everything was very fresh and delicious. The standout dish by far was the baba ganoush appetizer. It was absolute heaven - the best I have ever tasted. As for the vegetarian combo, the falafel was crispy and flavorful. I gave my spinach pie to someone else, but they thought it was mediocre. I don't like parsley, but I actually liked the tabbouleh. If I have any criticism, I would say the pita bread is mediocre. It's quartered and packed in plastic bags. I would prefer it to be heated and served with the dishes instead of being served as a separate item. The place is small and clean with a cheery atmosphere. The workers were attentive and nice. If it were possible, I would give it 4.5 stars, but since I have to make a decision to round up or down, I have to go with 5 stars.
3	Why are kabobs so expensive? It isn't like I don't mind paying for quality food, but come on - meat on a stick? Come to think of it, put meat on a stick at the ren faire and they charge you a lot too, so maybe those sticks just way more than you would think.Whatever the case, the place isn't much to look at, and the food, while reasonably decent, just isn't much either. Service is friendly, but for the price, it's just not worth it. There are better ways to get your money's worth.
4	My wife and I were on the search for Mediterranean food.  After having to call an audible upon finding out that one place was a 30 minute wait with only "pseudo" Mediterranean food, we decided to give Kabob Grill over in Stonecrest a try.  I decided on the grilled lamb kabob with hummus and baba ghannouj, while my wife went with the vegetarian combo.  We also each got an order of pistachio baklava.  I was very satisfied with my meal.  The lamb was cooked perfectly and did not have that gamey flavor.  The hummus was excellent, and the baba ghannouj had an appealing blend of flavors that made me want more.  And while my wife enjoyed her meal overall, she did note that the yalanji and potatoes harra on her plate were a little heavy on the lemon juice side.  Service was pleasant, if not a bit slow (the wait staff seemed understaffed that evening).  Pricewise, it was a bit on the high side.  Our meal (which included a beer and a glass of wine in addition to our entrees and dessert) came to $70 (tip included).
4	Great balkan style lunch menu!Excellent Hummus, fresh salad and vegetables and the chicken skewers were also very well seasoned.. But a little bit dry.Service was very friendly! :-)
5	This a wonderful Mediterranean restaurant!  The food and service can not be better.  The restaurant offers a very pleasant atmosphere and an excellent selection of beer from around the world.  The prices are most reasonable.  I highly recommend you eat here.
3	Had a $10 of coupon,  so we gave the place a try.   Huge Mediterranean/Middle Eastern food fans. Decent food,  but nothing special.   Good humus,  falefel.   Grape leaves tasted like exactly what we used to buy from Costco.  Portions were small to average,  prices typical. Requested the bill,  and noticed it looked like the coupon was not deducted.   Asked the server,  and he said they stopped taking it.   Would not have mentioned it to me if I didn't ask. I miss the old Middle Eastern Deli that used to be on Independence.
5	Had the Mixed Grill kabob dinner - kafta, chicken, steak, and lamb with potato harris and Omar's salad.  I have had kabobs n NYC, DC, and northern VA, but none have kabobs as good & tasty as I get here.  Friendly attentive staff.
5	We were hard pressed to find gyros on a Sunday, as most of the other Greek places are closed. While gyros aren't actually on the menu here, they're happy to prepare it for you if you ask. It differs from the fast food "Americanized" version, but in the best way possible. The pitas taste like they're made in-house (not sure on that one though) and it comes with hummus and an array of spices that make it so delicious. And now I'm craving one. I'll definitely be back!
3	I have been to this restaurant a few times since it opened.  The food is good but I always feel shortchanged when I leave.  It seems overpriced for the amount of food they give you.  And once when I asked to substitute another side for the fries the owner told me no since the other sides were more expensive than the fries.  He actually brought out the gyro with nothing else on the plate.  That really should have been the last time I went there!
4	Favorite shawarma in townHard to decide between the chicken and beefPrefer the plate
4	Great place for kebabs.  I love the falafel pita, the pickled veg in it is so good.  My hubby usually gets the mixed grill and it's always a hot.  We have had their meat pies before and they are good, but a little heavy for an app, and too big for two people.  You wouldn't expect it from the outside, but the inferior is actually quite nice.  They did a good job of making this casual dining spot have a relaxing and clean feel.
4	Oh I'm so very glad we decided to go here instead of the neighboring Jersey Mikes. Not that there's anything wrong with Jersey Mikes. This was a true gem in the heart of the Stonecrest shopping center, and a must-try for people who enjoy Mediterranean food. When we walked in, we were greeted with a dark wood and stone interior, soft lighting, and a kindly waitress who told us "Sit where you'd like!", grabbing two menus and taking our drink order. After a brief examination of the menu - basic options, falafel, kabobs (duh), hummus, and some vegetarian options - I decided to stick to a beef kabob with rice and hummus. Now, I'm very picky about hummus, but I ate my entire portion before I was done with the beef. It was perfectly smooth, not grainy, with a hint of lemon and garlic, and not overflowing with olive oil. The beef was good, nothing special, same with the rice. I found myself wishing I had more hummus by the end of the meal. I decided to try the Lebanese Knafeh (a cheese pastry soaked in syrup), for a late afternoon treat, and couldn't finish four bites it was so rich. Not for those with sensitive stomachs, but very, very tasty. If you're in the area and aren't afraid to try something new, give this place a shot!
5	Incredible food and service. I would eat here every night if I could. The chicken Kebob, potatoes and toubilee  (sp?) are to die for. Also make sure you get desert as well.
5	Food is excellent, always fresh, and more than enough. If we are ever in Stonecrest, this is the first place we choose to eat.
2	OK food, humus was delicious and the falafels were good we were a group of 10, we ordered several platters. While the service left us perplexed, we definitely will not go back to avoid such lousy service! Unbelievably rude!
1	I chose this place as a catch-up dinner place for my friend and I's small reunion dinner after seeing the awesome Yelp reviews.  However, this was the first (and hopefully only) time that Yelp has let me down. Let me start off by saying that the restaurant ambiance doesn't live up to its steep prices.  When I walk in, I see a place where I spend 10$ a dish max but that price will only cover an appetizer.  Besides the pita wraps, all of the main dishes offered are $15+.  The customer service was horrible.  The worst part of the experience was when my friend asked to replace her Tabbouleh salad with another, as it wasn't to her liking.  The waiter looked at her, obviously unhappy, and asked if she had taken a bite out of it because if that was the case then they would have to toss the whole dish. We could have just as easily lied that we didn't touch it.  In that case, it's disturbing to think that someone else would be given the food served to us (what else would they do with a dish if they don't toss it?).   It's even more disturbing to think that my food could have been returned to the kitchen as well.... Furthermore, after we asked for a replacement, the waiter never once came by to our table to ask if we needed anything else.  It took like 10 minutes just to get his attention for the check.  Of course, besides this, there were other problems like long waiting times and being generally unattentive from the beginning but they're things that I would have probably overlooked if everything had gone smoothly.. but it didn't.. so...
5	Every time I am in Charlotte this is my first and last stop.  Absolutely the best Lebanese food I have found, right down to the garlic paste.  I highly recommend the potato harra side, and I usually get the chicken skewers or shawarma.  I have brought lots of friends here and everyone rates this place very highly.  You really can't go wrong if your looking for a good middle eastern food place.
5	Wonderful mediterranean dishes...excellent lamb, great flavor in falafels, creamy hummus and to-die-for pistachio baklava.
2	Not such a great experience. The wait staff appears uncaring and acts as if you are inconveniencing him to even come into the restaurant. Food is good but will not return due to the waiter disrespect.
5	They keep getting better and better overall. The service & food on our visit last night was oustanding! We both throughly enjoyed this visit so much! Tim decided to order the mixed grill kabob plate so that he could try all the meats. For his side items, he went with basmati rice and Omar's salad and also ordered a side of the homemade garlic sauce. He was thrilled with the flavors of everything.  The garlic sauce was thick & the consistency was more like a spread than a sauce...it looked sort of like white butter. But it had a really nice flavor & was not too much.I went with my usual - vegetarian  combo plate that included falafel (which was slightly  over-crispy on the outside but moist on the inside).  I cant remember if they offer tahini or not...but that was the one thing my falafel was missing.  The hommos was delicious as usual & I really enjoyed the baba ghannouj this time. Spinch pie was so-so as usual... I really do wish it was a little more flavorful. I also had Potato Harra which was delicious, as always. Since I am not a fan of yalanji or tabbouleh, I asked to sub mijaddara for that. It was good but not quite as flavorful as I had remembered it to be. But overall, the quality of my food was very good.We also ordered a bottle of wine...  the Charles & Charles Cab/Syrah blend. This wine paired so nicely with our food and really enhanced our enjoyment of both.  After dinner, we decided to split a piece of cheesecake with chocolate drizzled over it. This also paired quite nicely with the wine. In all, we spent around $75 before tip, which is very reasonable for our enjoyment of this meal! We had considered doing hooka after dinner while we finished our wine but decided we will come back soon and do that after having appetizers instead. I am so glad they got rid of the belly-dancers they used to have on Fri or Sat nights when they first opened this location. The place is definitely too small and intimate for that.
5	Love the food.  Always delicious and made with the freshest ingredients.    Owner and staff very friendly.  One of our favorite restaurants for lunch and dinner.
5	We stumbled upon the Kabob Grill the first time as we were leaving the Regal Movie Theatre, hungry and deciding where to go. We looked across the parking lot and there it was.The food was fantastic! Tonight it was our destination and again they delivered! Try the yalantis, a sort of Middle Eastern grape leaf rice stuffed dolma. The falafels are just the right kind of crunchy on the outside and tender and flavorful on the inside. The falafel salad incorporates the same tasty crunchy falafels with fresh veggies including tomato, cucumber,onions and pickled veggies. The best however are the namesake kabobs. I have had shrimp, lamb and kafka, (seasoned ground beef), and they have been perfectly seasoned and grilled. Can't wait for the next dinner and a movie, (or perhaps just dinner!)
1	We were looking forward to a yummy lunch, and we were more than disappointed. The food was nearly inedible and the waiter never inquired as to our satisfaction. The sandwich was ten dollars and there was almost no lamb to be found in the wrap. When the bill came, there was an extra charge for the fries that the waiter told us came with it!  The owner came over and kept telling us that the menu showed the side was not included. After he said he would take off the extra charge, i told him that the food was not good, his tone became menacing. Then he put the charge back on the bill. We didn't argue further because we felt threatened. DON't go here. This was about the worst dining experience we have ever had!
1	I do not recommend. I've been sick to my stomach since eating there this evening. Ordered chicken shawarma and hummus. Hummus was excellent; however, the chicken was way over cooked and lacked appropriate seasoning. Pita bread was stale and dry.  I thought the chicken tasted a little funny, but attributed it to the poor seasoning at the time. I left over half on my plate and declined a doggy bag. In retrospect, I think the chicken was on the verge of spoiling and then over cooked to masked it.
