3	I finally got dragged along to that chain of Roberto's that are popping up everywhere in Vegas.  After hearing that some of the Roberto's aren't the cleanest ones, I was a bit hesitant and concerned I was without my Immodium.  The one on S. Fort Apache actually deemed pretty decent said my fellow diners as they are frequent eaters of the other Roberto's around Sin City.  I ordered the Rolled Tacos (2 chicken and 1 beef) with Guacamole.  They were okay.  I think the frozen ones I had at home were a bit better.  The guacamole was plentiful, but a little too sweet for what I had in mind.  It would have been superb it my cheese was melted a bit...maybe add the cheese first and then pour on the guacamole?  The insides of my rolled tacos weren't hot enough for my tastes either.  Overall, they just weren't crispy enough for something that just came out of the deep fryer.  I did get to try the Al Pastor soft tacos and those were definitely much yummier than my order!  The meat was super flavorful and definitely hitting my taste buds.  They taste even better when you load them up with freshly squeezed lime juice, hot sauce, and jalapeno peppers.  Unfortunately, my dining companion was a bit of a piggy and didn't bother saving any leftovers for me the next day!  Keep in mind that al pastor isn't offered at all the Roberto's, so take advantage of it when you find it on the menu.    Another friend ordered what looked like the Carne Asada Fries and that was one hell of a mutha focker order!  When you open up your styrofoam box, it's like damn...that's your dinner?  Major bang for your buck for sure!  (It was noted that my friend said he got more here than at the other Roberto's!)I finished up my meal with a $2 large Horchata that was oh so yummy!  And for two bucks, what a deal!  Hot damn!  It's hard to finish one of those big gulps on your own, so share it!  We love Mexican restaurants that have a self service condiments section on the side.  I love loading up on tons of fresh limes, peppers, hot sauces, cucumbers, radishes, etc. without feeling like a pig 'cuz the staff isn't watching you overload.  And watch out for that red sauce, it's a kicker alright! Side note: Their pictured menu up above definitely helps you decide what to order.  The prices vary per each Roberto's, so take note of that.
4	Roberto's is a chain thats been popping up all over the Las Vegas valley. What do they serve? Good cheap mexican food. The burritos here are a little different from the ones I had back in Cali. Usually I'm used to having rice and beans in my burrito but the ones here only come with meat, sour cream, guac, and some pico di gallo... Not that I'm complaining or anything. What I usually end up getting is either the Carne Asada Nachos or the Carnitas Burrito. They have a huge menu with tons of other things but I stay loyal to my choices. Another thing thats good about this place is the consistency. I've eaten at Baha Fresh several times and each time its pretty hit or miss. Roberto's is guaranteed to fill you up and/or give you some comfort food to cure your hangover.So the next time you're hankering for some good cheap mexican food at 5am after a night of drinking and partying... GO TO ROBERTO'S! The kicker? You can go there when your not drunk either and its still good!Check out the picture I posted. I guarantee it will make you HUNGRY!
4	Very good food. Comparable to fast food in price but quality is far superior.
4	This is my boyfriend's review since it's his favorite place.I just love the carne asade burritos, that's what you come here for. I mean the enchillads are ok and the tacos are nice but it's all about coming here after work and grabbing a big burrito. Plus i used to come here after going to clubs and what not since it's open 24/7
4	Roberto's is the first GOOD Mexican food place that's squeaky clean on the inside which made me really suspicious the first time I came. After all, we all know good Mexican food comes from health food inspection failed places. I'm from Los Angeles, but I can recommend this place with two thumbs up.Everything on the menu is good, like most Mexican places, it's the same stuff packaged in different things-- tacos, burritos, nachos, enchiladas, the food is the same but you choose how you want it served. The one thing to know is that the PORTIONS ARE HUGE. My girlfriend ordered a chicken quesadilla because she 'wasnt hungry' and received a half pizza-like monstrosity of cheesy chicken-y goodness overload.My personal favorite are the carne asada nachos (order them to-go- for bigger portions) at around $7.50 coupled with a large horchata ($2.50) and you've got yourself a meal. My brother likes the #6 with steak (enchilada and burrito combo) and loves the red sauce on the enchiladas. Make note that pictures on the walls are not correct because the portions aren't that small (all the better for my bro) so I'd say for most things, you could split it with another bulimic person.A couple of things I'd like to note:- They're open 24 hours.- The sour cream there is really good. I swear it's mixed with crack so if you like sour cream, try ordering a side of it for $0.99. They'll give you a lot.- The guys there are really cool and speak relatively fluent English.- They take credit cards.
4	The restaurant was really quiet when I went in yesterday--I thought it was strange that there wasn't any music playing, but it's not necessary.The guys working there were attentive and friendly. I loved the menu with pictures on it! I wish all restaurants had those. The food came out VERY quickly. I had cheese enchiladas, refried beans and rice for $6. Not bad at all!I would kill for some Tex-Mex and will continue hunting for the best Mexican food in this city, but for now, this place is pretty good.
3	Roberto's taste different depending on the location. Personally, I'm not a fan of the taco shops near gas stations...seems so unsanitary. Anywhoo, this location is cleaner than the rest. My sister who came to visit swore this place had the best breakfast burrito. It was way passed 1 AM , she was drunk and hungry. I did have to admit that cold winter night the burrito was good. Then we tried to recreate that moment couple months down the road..and the verdict was quite the opposite. Something happened to the cheap magic of the breakfast burrito. It was awful this time around. The meat and potatoes were so overcooked and salty. You couldn't taste the fluffy egg. The whole thing was a flop. Will not return as it was simple a one hit wonder.
4	Taco shop style mexican food. Perfect for late night munchies, especially after you've had a few drinks. Greasy and delicious! The bean n cheese, and breakfast burritos take the cake! Also there's a salsa bar with spicy carrots, salsa, and green onions too. The salsas need a little work though.
4	In a town full of  posh and expensive restaurants, back to basics Mexican food at Roberto's is alright wit me. The food is consistently fresh and yummy. Best of all they have a Yummalicious Breakfast burrito! I have been searching all of Vegas for the best breakfast burrito and think I have found it. It has eggs, potatoes, pico de gallo, and perfectly crispy bacon (or carne asada) or whatever else you want inside. Just the perfect size for a hangover!
4	Oh how I love thee Roberto's.Pros:CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP.Very large portions.Much closer to authentic than Taco Bell.Doesn't make for an upset bathroom like Taco Bell.Cons:They never season beef or chicken good enough.Unless we're talking tacos or burritos, sour cream is pretty much included on everything.A bit too greasy sometimes.Roberto's is some of the best Mexican food in all of Vegas. It's quite surprising that there's almost 50 locations of it all over town with how consistently good it is. I just wish they did a better job of seasoning meat so I don't have to pour a 1/2 cup of hot sauce or cheese over a burrito for flavor.
5	These guys are legit!!!! Nobody touches Roberto's!!!
3	Ordered a taco salad and asada taco. Theyre fine. They tasted like home-made tacos in Mexico with a little bit of tex-mex. Good for the money.
4	This location is the best one we have found.  I agree with the post about the gas station locations.  The worst Roberto's we found was at a gas station, but  this location has a nice decor and has always been very clean.  The staff has been all hispanic, who better to make more authentic Mexican dishes?  A plus there.  And they have always been very nice and efficientThe food is a great value.  Big portions for a small price.  While we have liked a lot of things and go often, there have been some dishes that were not the best.  The nachos were a big dissapointment, very very greasy.  So they lose a star for a few bad dishes.  But their flour tortillas are the BEST!  They are HUGE!  I could make a meal out of those and refried beans only.Clean, good food and unbeatable prices.
5	This is, by far, the best Roberto's in the Valley. I've tried several gas station versions of Roberto's and none compare to this one. I am a regular here, at least 2-3 times a week because it's located down Rampart near my place. The food here is EXCELLENT. I usually order the chicken burrito combo which comes with rice, beans, and a drink...FOR 5.50 (Best deal EVER) !!! The burrito itself is between .75-1 lb of fresh peeled chicken with peppers and onions (always add queso fresco $0.95). Love it. Probably the closest to homestyle quick mexican you will ever get. Also notable are the rolled tacos and carne asada plate. Truthfully, the prices are what got me in and the taste keeps me coming back. The salsa bar with marinated veggies are totally worth a sixth star.Service is quick, accurate, and on-point. The atmosphere here is more of a "sit-in" style compared to the gas station versions while maintaining a fast food ambiance.I recommend THIS Roberto's to everyone far and near. Great value, big portions, and gigantic taste...There's no reason to pass this place up.
5	Out of all the other Roberto's shops in the area, this is my favorite one. You haven't tried nachos until you've tried roberto's Carne asada nacho (get it Togo, you get more out of it ;) other than that, they have beef & chicken tacos which are deep-fried and stuff with almost all the condiments that Mexican sides provide. Also, the chimichangas meets all needs for a hungry customer.
3	Standard late night .....berto taco shop.  Good place to kill a craving.  24 hours a day means you're always welcome.
5	Whenever the craving for Mexican food hits, I go to this Robertos. The food is consistent and the place is pretty clean. I get one of three things: a California burrito, carne asada nachos, or a breakfast burrito. The nachos are massive so my husband and I usually share. Everything is seasoned well and really fulfills my need for a greasy delicious fix.
4	I have been craving some Mexican food, and since it's been a while that I had a good sh%*. I stopped here and order a carne asada burrito with rice and beans. They serve a lot of food and it was very cheap. After eating half of the burrito I was able to fix my back up issue. Boy I was happy, after I got done eating. Next time I will try the carne asada nachos.
4	This is easily the best Roberto's in the valley. I used to go to the one on DI and Durango but they charge you extra for using a debit card. I found this one on Trop and Ft. Apache and it is just as good, if not better. The interior is really nice, large and well lit. Plenty of places to sit down. The salsa bar is also better stocked and cleaner. I always get the Carne Asada Nachos with extra pico de gallo but that was just too much food for me today. Instead I settled for the Shrimp burrito. This burrito was on point. Just a tad too much rice but onions, green peppers and large shrimp were really good. Make sure you get the spicy version for a good kick.
4	I like Roberto's. This one (the closest one to my house) is one of the nicer ones in town. I tend to try different stuff when I visit. Tonight I was in a carne asada burrito mood. Got the special which came with rice, beans and a drink for $6.75. I always take advantage of their salsa and veggie bar as well. Great, quick service too.Always a satisfied customer!
4	Out of all the different Roberto's in Vegas, I think this one is the best.You walk in, the person at the register is always polite, and the restaurant is normally clean.But who cares if a restaurant is clean if the food isn't good, right? Luckily, this Roberto's is always spot on with everything they make. From the California Burrito to the Carne Asada Fries, all the way to their Fish Tacos -- it always tastes great.If you want a good burrito, this Roberto's won't disappoint you.
3	I like to eat the fried Carne Asada tacos.Ive been eating that for a few years now since my college days and its always consistently good.Also have had the Carne Asada Fries and they are pretty decent and the Chimichanga has been recommended to me by my friend for years.Been to a few different locations thru-out the city but this one is the cleanest one.Not an everyday kind of place but good enough to keep on the list for that once in a while visit.Solid B.
2	Im rating this location only. I've been to a number of Roberto's in Vegas this one is not great. If you like going to a taco shop and being stared at as you wait for your food this is your place. I ordered my usual Roberto's... Bean and cheese burrito and tamales. I was highly disappointed! The cheese on the bean and cheese was overwhelming. There was more cheese then beans and it was in one big clump. The tamales were decent but were kind of dry and hard/over cooked. I usually get a cup so I can get water well apparently this place doesn't believe in water because they have no water button on their fountain thing. The guys behind the counter were gawking so uncomfortably I was very relieved when my food finally came up. I probably won't be going back to this location.
5	Inexpensive and quality Mexican food! This is what I'm talking about!  I frequent this place and order either the Chicken Burrito or Three Chicken Tacos. They are so generous in the chicken in the burrito, you could just eat the burrito itself for lunch and be full.  I love their green salsa as well.If you order three chicken tacos, they do not skimp on the chicken and pour on the lettuce and cheeses. I've had other food here in the past (carne asada burrito, chicken chimichanga, Super beef nachos, California Burrito, beef and chicken tortas.The point is, come in hungry, come out happy.This location is the best one I've been to yet in Las Vegas.  There is a reason I keep coming back here for sure. :)
5	Tastes like home made! Better in some cases.. The tortillas tasted absolutely amazing, the carne asada was great. You gotta try the breakfast burritos. Customer service was great, our orders were ready pretty quick and it was inexpensive. I will definitely go back on my next trip to Vegas.
4	Best rolled tacos - good portion size and very reasonable prices - food is always good, never a wait to order - always get my money's worth.
4	Really delicious Mexican food, huge portions... Not health or diet food... But delicious!
4	This Roberto's is probably the best around town. For some reason the night crew seems to make it taste even better. I usually get the California burrito and fish tacos but it's just not the same during the day nor at other Roberto's. (dried/ lacks flavor) Kudos to the night crew.
5	LOVE the food!!!  Always hot and tastes great! Prices are very reasonable.
4	Pretty quick and decent tasting. Your typical Roberto's, nothing great but nothing bad either.
4	Good cheap priced food 24/7.
5	This is the Roberto's closest to the office, so I'm here about once a week. The cashier knows my usual (carne asade burrito special) and is surprised when, on rare occasions, I order anything else.At the end of the day, it's like any other Roberto's in Las Vegas. Convenient. Cheap. Delicious.
3	Not bad. Authentic Jalisco style. I would come back.
1	Where's the fish?!? I ordered take out for me and the wife and got home to a fish burrito with 2 tiny pieces of burnt fishsticks in a sea of soggy, old lettuce.And as is getting to be typical of Roberto's my California burrito was definitely on the skinny side and didn't have sour cream on it.
5	I'm from Chicago where the make the best burritos in the country.  I've looked everywhere for a decent "fast" Mexican restaurant and Roberto's is it.  I only go to the one on Fort Apache & Charleston, but I'm sure they're all equally as good.  I've even left the burrito section and ventured into the combo plates, which are just as good!
5	Three words, CARNE ASADA BURRITO. I get mine with no pico(or salsa mexicana) and I add cheese and sometimes sour cream(it comes with guac already). For about 6 bucks, it's the best. I've lived in SoCal, and these stand right up there with all my faves from Oceanside and Vista.
1	Every time we go it gets worse... Barely any steak in my California Burrito along with a tiny amount of pico and soggy fries.
3	Pretty good place. I can't give this place 5 stars because there are sooo many other Mexican places that are better but their food is decent here. This location is often very busy but service is very fast. Food is pretty greasy but that's to be expected when you eat at a fast food joint. The ingredients seem fresh though and they have a nice little condiment bar too. The main downside is that their food always makes me super tired and sluggish. Would provably be in your best interest not to eat here all the time.
5	There are Robertos all around town, but this is the best place to go... Very clean, very courteous employees, very quick service.  Carne Asada Nachos will feed you for 2 days.... Seriously....  Chicken burritos are a little over 3 bucks and contain only.... Chicken! What a concept!  Will go back
4	I go here two to three times a month. Always friendly and always good fresh food.
5	My favorite Roberto's in town. It's very clean and the employees are very polite. My favorite is the carnitas plate aka #10. Very juicy and tender. The classics are very good too like carne asada fries/nachos and burritos are great too!!
2	First off, the service is great. The guy at the counter taking orders is incredibly friendly and professional. Loved his attitude! The restaurant is clean and there's plenty of space for indoor seating. Unfortunately, my quesadilla was a disaster. It was all meat and no cheese. The bits of carne asada were falling out all over the place so I didn't really get a substantial bite of my quesadilla. Its a great size for a meal but it was a pretty disappointing assembly.
4	99 cents chicken tacos on Wednesdays.  Love their enchiladas, sometimes I have them add shrimp to it.  I can compare them to Albertos in Cali.  Good food, especially late at night...they are open 24/7.  Prices are reasonable.
5	I practically grew up in San Diego so I'm Very Familiar with Roberto's. This location is one of the best in town. They're pretty consistent with their food, and that's really important for me. If I had one negative thing to say, the Rolled Tacos are a bit different from the ones I remember having in San Diego, and I don't know what it is, but that doesn't stop me from ordering them still. I love the Chicken Burrito, the stewed chicken is delicious. I recently tried the Beef, not the Carne Asada but the Stewed Shredded Beef is really good, but of course their Carne Asada is still a classic! I also recently tried their Taco Salad Special which is a great value for the amount of food you get, plus a drink. But if you catch their Daily Specials, then you are definitely getting the Best Bang for your Buck! Mondays is Chicken Burrito Combo day, Tuesdays is Big Breakfast Burrito day, try the Chorizo! Wednesdays is $.99 Tacos! Plus they have tons of Everyday Values to choose from. Pretty much you can't go wrong if you're Craving Mexican Food! And if it's 3am and you've got the Munchies then you're in luck because they are Open! Also for my NorCal friends, the California Burrito is no where near the same or close to the Burritos we are used to, these ones have Potatoes inside, pretty much all the Burritos here just have only meat; the Rice, Beans, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Sour Cream, Cheese, and Guacamole are All Extra! So don't make the mistake of ordering their California Burrito and thinking you are getting a Mission-Style NorCal Burrito. I pretty much add the extras which come pretty close to the price of the burritos you would pay in NorCal anyways. Now you may be wondering why I would say I practically grew up in SD but know a lot about NorCal, I'm originally from SanFran, but have relatives in SD and spent my Summer and Spring Breaks in SD and for a time Lived in SD at the Golden Triangle, where my closest Roberto's was on Miramar, Yup, near Top Gun! "I feel the Need, the Need for some Yummy Mexican Food!" Haha, I'm so Corny!
5	Very clean place! Nice salsa bar and soda station very reasonable prices! Good food and good music lol. Love there horchata :) and there carne asada nachos :) oh yeaaaaa . Great service and fast cashier and friendly as well :) the cooks and fast and food is delicious  Deffinetly recommend this place :) for a late night lunch too
5	For Vegas locals, they know how tasty Roberto's is but this place takes the cake! Clean, spacious, and the quality of their food is amazing! I've been to so many Roberto taco shops (bc I love me some Mexican food!) and this location NEVER fails to let me down when it comes to their service! Drop by if you're in a mood for a late night snack, and I guarantee you're hooked!
1	my roommate and i always come to this Roberto's because it appeared to be the nicest of all of them but unfortunately we both got a bad case of food poisoning after ordering the 3 rolled tacos. almost immediately did we begin to feel ill and it lasted 3 days after that. Just thought id share my experience! Be careful people!
5	This is my favorite Roberto's location. The food is amazing. I cannot a week without eating here. Everything is so delicious.
2	Where did they go wrong? Their quality has always been between a 3-5.  The 5 star experience make up for the "A-OK" experience.Today was just a disaster and I'm very off put about coming back here for a while.Here are a few suggestions that I hope they follow as I've been eating at this place for over a year now:1. Learn to begin calling orders by number and not by what people ordered. It will help with the inevitable confusion that ensues when people order the same thing!2. It may make sense for you to have more than one register to take orders!3. When I give you my card to pay, please, please, PLEASE stop walking away with it.  Fraud is abundant and you force me to have to watch your every move to make sure you don't swipe my card again.4. When I order "FOR HERE" DO NOT put it in to go because it's easier for you...  Believe it or not, when you order "FOR HERE" you get better quality tacos and a larger portion.5. Be consistent in your assembly of tacos!  Usually we get lots of cheese and chicken in our chicken tacos.  Now we get mostly lettuce, a PINCH of cheese and a few slivers of chicken! WHY? WHY? WHY?6. WASH YOUR HANDS if you handle money and then my food.7. Put priority on handing the food to your customers, rather than taking in the orders (see #2 about getting another register). Nothing chaps my a$$ more than waiting another 10 mins because you let me stare at my tacos and let them get cold as you take peoples orders. PRIORITIZE!Summary:What happened to the A-Team here. I came here today (1/8/2014) and it was like the C-Team was working the place.  Usually the cooks are fast and efficient, it looked like they were half asleep this time.  The cashier was very inefficient and slow and did not put the food out when it was ready.  I was just watching my food get cold and the food pile up behind him.  Then the food came with hardly any chicken or cheese.  Seriously? These are chicken tacos!  Either the entire team needs more training or some energy drinks.  What happened to my A-Team?!?I've been horribly disappointed with my most recent experience so I think I will have to put this Roberto's location on timeout for a while.  There are better places now than this place - like Baja Taco right down the street.
4	I often come to Vegas to visit my family and we were just looking for somewhere quick to eat. This place was pretty good! I'm from Southern California where the Mexican food is near authentic. I had the enchiladas and the chicken was lean. My dad had the fish tacos and he didn't have any complaints. It's pretty clean and so is the bathroom. Not to mention they have a complete salsa bar. I'd come here again if I was in the neighborhood looking for Mexican food.
5	Best Robertos in town! Big portions and reasonably priced. The food is always cooked to perfection.
4	Good service and clean place. The food is cooked to order, nothing reheated. Prices are food, portions are just right where you always have some left overs.
5	Love this place! Every time I am in Las Vegas I always eat here before I head home! The taquitos aka rolos are amazing! Bean and cheese burritos,  carne asada fries, carne asada quesadilla are all devine!! They have fresh salsas, radishes, pickled jalapenos and carrots! The place is always clean and the worker's/cashier are freaking polite all the time!! They take cash, credit cards and the parking is ample and best this is they are open 24hrs!
3	I went to college in San Diego and Whatever-Berto's were always a good choice.  This one in Vegas is really similar.  Portions are massive and price is cheap.
4	When I need a quick Mexican fix I run down the street on my lunch break to get 3 rolled tacos w/ guacamole & sour cream. & If I'm feeling famished I will get my favorite, carne asada fries no beans extra guacamole. I can never finish carne asada fries by myself though so I try to think with my head & not with my stomach.  Location is very clean (unlike other locations). The staff is pretty quick to take orders and make food. Lines usually get long during my lunch but with the efficient and quick staff, the waiting isn't too bad.  This isn't my favorite Mexican joint but defiantly will do the job when I'm at work and pressed on time!
4	Their breakfast burritos (served all day) and chicken burritos are delicious and filling. Simple ingredients, authentic. Wednesday is $1 chicken taco day and 3 of them fill me up!
4	So every Wednesday we pretty much go for their chicken tacos (99 cent tacos). Amazingly great! Giving 4 stars because of  the new guy at the front counter that was kind of rude. I hope he is just filling in for the other guy that used to work Wednesdays. Ive been to this location about 50 times and the customer service has always been great.  I hope this isnt the new change.
3	Roberto's would be laughed out of sf mission...but.They serve up some pretty good and cheap grub. I  love their carnitas tacos and their fish tacos are pretty good as well ( a fried piece of fish). The tortillas are pretty good.Their guac is very blah...not fresh.Burritos are good not great.Their combo plates are also pretty good served with nice rice and refried beans.Prices are really good....aka cheap. Tacos 2.50-300 each Burritos are 4-5 bucks. Plates 8-10 bucks.Open 24/7....perfect after a late night of drinking.
5	I am such a fan, the guy the runs the cash register here is so friendly and I am such a regular he knows my order.  Big props on everything with my favs being the $4 Breakfast Burritos that I make two meals out of and the gaucumole tacos.Keep it up
4	Had to go back for late night snack.  As everyone will say, they are friendly and if you become a regular, they will know how you like your food.
4	Tried for the first time last week and was pleasantly surprised. Food was tasty, fresh and quick, and also inexpensive.  This location is clean and organized.  Recommend for a quick meal with good quality, sort of fast food plus.
5	The closest thing you'll get to home cooked mexican food. They are always fast to get your order together. Never a long wait. Nice and clean place to eat.
4	Never was a big fan of Roberto's. Recently started trying them again at this location. Found I enjoy the beef tacos and the adoboda burrito very tasty. Close convenient location to my house always very clean with quick friendly service. Price is very fair for what you get.
5	Great and clean location. One of my fav quick spots when I haven't made dinner. It does have a line every once in a while. Good tip is to call in your order before you get there.
4	Great place to go to when you are craving food in the middle of the night. Best carne asada fries I've had in Vegas!I chose this location simply because I like to be able to go inside and sit to wait for my food. Unlike the Charleston location inside the car wash place.This location has been the best one I've ever been too. Extremely clean! And very friendly. My food was made just how I wanted it In a timely manor. This is my new favorite location for sure!
4	Got the california burrito, it was pretty good! The hot sauces weren't spicy at all, I had to load up on the red and green sauce to get some form of spiciness.As for the burrito itself, it was worth about two meals -  but then again I don't eat too much in one sitting to get full.Opens 24 hours a day (Or so I think).
1	I hate that MOST of the Roberto's cooks never wear gloves while cooking food ! They even sprinkle the cheese with their bare hands! Disgusting !!!!!!
2	Am I ordering wrong? Been here a few times just to make sure, but all visits left me craving real Mexican food even more. Roberto's didn't do it for me :-( Tried several items on different occasions and all were pretty boring - nothing special.Tried: Chicken enchiladas,  chicken tacquitos, chicken quesadilla, crunchy chicken and beef tacos, rice & beans etc.I've never had their burritos,  so maybe that is the ticket??
