4	I had a great time at the Las Vegas Farmers Market last week.  Two farmers from California, Joe Van Dyke Farms and Success Valley Farms offer some great produce ranging  from delicious Oro Blanco grapefruits to orange cauliflower.  I also picked up some aromatic baby garlic and some sweet, fresh strawberries.In addition to fresh produce there were other tents including Napa Valley olive oil, Zimmerman Bakery, a pastry tent, and a few tables with assorted handmade wares. I think I'm gonna try and make this a weekly thing!Photos posted at http://tinyurl.com/p4xm85
1	Too small.  Not enough vendors.  Plus, the owner had a bad attitude at his orange juice stand.
4	So I have to be honest- there are only two reasons that my husband and I go to the Farmer's Market each week:1. Snow Ono Shave Ice is there.  I love them!2. There is a vendor that sells dried fruit and my husband is OBSESSED with the dried cranberries.This was a bite-size Farmer's Market compared to what I was used to from Michigan.  There are a few fruit vendors, some baked goods, lemonade, tea, jewelry, and food.  Snow Ono, a BBQ, a Vietnamese stand and most recently a kettle corn tent.It's nice to sit on the grass for a few and just chill out on a Tuesday evening.  Note: Bring Cash!  I don't think anyone accepts credit cards.We will continue to come back every week!
4	The BF and I never get an opportunity to check out Farmers Markets because of our schedule. We are on vacay so we decided to see how it is. time we went to a "Farmers Market" a few years ago at Springs Preserve, there was one person who had a tiny table with a few fruits and that was it. It is still small, but it's gotten better. We grabbed some produce at the Van Dyke booth which had pretty fair prices. We came home with swiss chard, a large bag of green beans, apples, plums, peaches, nectarines, lemons, cucumber, red onion, bag of small sweet peppers for $13. All of it has been delicious but I particularly liked the peppers which I just ate raw with hummus. Noms! Overall, it was nice for us to go, but it's a once in a blue moon thing since we're never off on weekdays together and this isn't an area we're normally in.
4	A nice little farmer's market, but just a warning it is very small.  If you are from out of state, I'm sure you're used to large farmer's markets with lots of produce stands as well as prepared foods.  This market only has a few vendors but I really enjoy it.  It's easy to get to and all the vendors are incredibly friendly and helpful.There used to be two produce stands but during the last couple times we have gone there has only been one.  It's Van Dyke Farms and they have a large selection of produce as well as some jarred jams and pickles.  Only a few things they sell are organic.  However, I find all their prices to be fair.Some of the other booths include: dried fruit, spices (I think dry rubs), soaps, and breads.  If you're lucky the strawberry guy will be there- yum!There are also a couple places you can grab some dinner, although these tend to change.  There is always some barbeque place that smells amazing, sometimes there's a guy selling roasted corn, and sometimes even Sno Ono is there.  A nice place to grab your produce for the week, and maybe spoil yourself with some white chocolate chip pumpkin bread.  Hopefully they will get some more vendors and some more produce stands.
2	I know everyone is supposed to like Farmer's Markets and quite frankly, what is not to like.  This is not really a Farmer's Market as much as it is a strange gathering of a few people gathering to entertain those waiting for SnowOno Shave Ice.I suppose you could by some dodgy citrus from this guy.  I suppose you could purchse some cold smoked brisket from that guy.  Really though, I don't want to sign up for milk home delivery.  I don't want to purchase jewelry.  I guess dried fruits and nuts might have been OK but I didn't make it past the shave ice.Maybe I was just there on an off week.
4	Great community farmer's market.  Its small, but there's a neighborhood feel to it.  Snow Ono Shave Ice is there, and I drove from the Strip just to get my Shave Ice (not Shaved.. there's no D!).
4	The first rule of farmers markets is that you don't talk about them to the uninitiated.The second rule of farmers markets is that you disregard the first rule when you encounter someone who will use the information for good.So gather close, because I won't say this twice: the Vegas farmers market is at the Gardens Park location (an actual park in the middle of a neighborhood) on Thursdays from 4-8PM.Don't get there AT four, because no one else is- but 6PM is perfect. It's fairly small, but I'm hoping more businesses join as the weather gets more bearable after summer ends.This visit, there were two different farms represented with fresh produce, Winder Farms promoting their home delivery, a gourmet pet food delivery, a gourmet sauces/popcorn/snacks lady, a hot dog stand, and Frozen Frog.Everyone appeared to offer the options of taking cash and cards (in the age of Square, you're really doing yourself a disservice if you don't), and everyone was quite friendly.3.5 stars, rounding up for the potential and the fact that summer is probably their off season- less produce and insane temperatures would drive me away, too.
