3	Went here the other day for a chimi and a marg. One of my friends had recommended it as being a little better than most "border food" places.  I have to say, I was walking in expecting very little. Every bible belt fatty from the midwest was there, acting like white trash, mispronouncing every word on the menu. I'm sure you can picture the type I'm trying to describe. I made my way to the bar and watched the baseball game during lunch, even though it wasn't on when I came in. The bartender was extremely accommodating and the service was great from start to finish. I ordered the green chili chimi and it was actually much, much, better than I had expected. I actually enjoyed the dish. The margarita was weak, and wouldn't recommend that, but the food and service here are actually pretty good. Take it for what it is though, as it is still greasy, heavy, border food.
1	I hate to give a 1-star review, but Manuel's earned it. Having lived in Albuquerque for six years, I know how a chile relleno should look when it arrives at the table. Manuel's batter was heavy on the egg and what we found on the plate was, unfortunately, an omelet with green chile. Disgusting.
2	Not like my neighborhood Manuels. This place was cold, the service was sparse, and the food was horrible. Stay away.
4	My boss and I ate there yesterday. I really like their chips and salsa. We had the lunch specials. Chimichangas. I think it cost us 20 bucks for our lunch. It was pleasant and we got our food pretty quickly. I'd go there again for lunch.
2	It was faster than a Filibertos. Which means, their stuff is probably all frozen and just deep-fried before serving. I've been here for lunch a couple times and its OK at best. I mean, cheap, fast, Mexican food and its close by. Chips and salsa are okay. I usually order off  their lunch menu and went with a lunch-sized chimi. Our food came out so fast. I think it took us 20 minutes to have lunch since the food came out so quick. I cut open my chimi and noticed a lot more "juice" in it than normal and when forked some of the shredded beef out of the chimi to have a taste, it was kind of gamey. I've had better experiences here but today's lunch made me gag and I never do that! =)
4	I like the fact the food came out so fast once ordered! & especially during the lunch hour! Staff was friendly & helpful. The & lunch specials were good portions & great price!
4	Excellent service, great food. Nachitos came out and made me laugh, as the name implies that they are small. They are not. Great fajitas too.
4	Today, I tried Manuel's down the street because I finally lost hope that Tee Pee would one day get takeout right. I ordered the same thing at Manuel's that I typically order at Tee Pee. The takeout was 100% better. Crisp, neat and tasted fantastic. I'd recommend Manuel's over Tee Pee if you're looking for good takeout.
2	Is it Authentic? - yes.But...I wanted to like this place and I can't. Maybe because I'm not a fan over-salted greasy sonoran food with the loud speakers from an over-amplified one man band 5 feet from my ears while I'm trying to hold a conversation. The indigestion was not a pleasant souvenir.If I want very loud music, I'll go to a concert but it's not appropriate at a "family restaurant".  Put it this way - my (almost) 4 year old was on the edge of tears because her ears were hurting from the crappy music.  Next time I'm here and want Mexican food, I think I'll just go to Teakwoods Tavern in the same parking lot and order Nacho's and a bucket of Coronas instead.
4	Could use a remodeling job, but the food is really good for the area.  The wait staff is very attentive, and the free chips and hot sauce for dipping, are REALLY GOOD.  The fajitas are my usual.  Worth the visit and you'll leave satisfied.
3	What can I say about Manuel's? Well some locations are better than others. The one in Phoenix is on the old and dirty side, but the ones in Scottsdale and Mesa are nicer. The food is good, but a little greasy. I love their chips and salsa (all you can eat). Their prices are reasonable and they have a lot of items to choose from.
4	I have been coming here for years and I keep coming back. Yes, it's an older building but it feels authentic. Hot sauce is one of the best in town. Order the cheese crisp, extra cheese and extra crispy. Yum!
1	This is part of a local chain, this location is the missing-link in the chain.  This location is in an older part of Phoenix not a location for the tourist.  I can only compare this place to my high school cafeteria during "Mexican" food day.  The place is as cozy as a cafeteria, the servers must have been trained by the "lunch ladies", the noise from the children is only outdone by the screaming parents and the food is a step below Taco Bell.  If you are looking for Mexican food head back to high school.  In a city full of Mexican restaurants you can find a better place by throwing a dart at the map.
5	I write this review as I finish the second of two lime candies that were given to me along with the check. While that part comes last, I feel the need to comment on how good those things are. They are exponentially better than peppermint candies that are ubiquitous at family restaurants. Anyway, that's probably not why you're here reading this review. Manuel's provided exactly what I was looking for--great Sonoran Mexican food and a down-to-each, low-key atmosphere to go along with it. The experience started off walking into the building, which is located in a strip mall. The building itself seemed to be older than the rest of the mall. Anyway, it worked. The interior is standard 1980s Mexican with the terra cotta tiles all over and sombreros gracing the walls and ceiling. Pretty much sets up the experience the way is should be. Two waiters both tended to the table, answered questions, took part of the order, and continued to serve us through the whole meal. Not only were they both affable, we got twice the attention!The recommendations they provided were genuine; not limited to "people like this..." No, both waiters told us exactly what they liked and gave reasons. The entrees were preceded by some pretty tasty salsas (yes, two o' them!) and chips and a cheese crisp, which we ordered from the appetizers.The two of us who dined there had carnitas and the three amigos enchiladas, both which came with rave reviews. If you're not looking for three enchiladas, may I recommend the spinach with white sauce. Neither disappointed. It's true, you need to like cheese and a little grease with you food. But that's exactly why you'd be at this restaurant.
5	I have been going here practically my whole life. It is my favorite mexican restaurant. It's not fancy, but it's not run down either - it's just right. The waiters are also always very nice.I'm a total salsa snob and their chunky salsa is the best salsa ever. The hot sauce is also highly ranked in my book. I've had their cheese crisp, enchiladas, chimis - basic stuff like that. Their fried ice cream is really good too!And the best part about it is that the salsa is wonderful at their different locations too. I'm just partial to this location since it's been the one I go to the most.Very reasonable prices too.Try them out!
2	Not great, but not terrible either.Pros: My wife liked the salsa, but I say it's just okay. You get two different types, and the red salsa they give you just tastes like a mix of Hormel chili and ketchup.-Taco; Really liked the shell; it was like you get at a street vendor, seemingly just-cooked and folded. The chicken inside also tasted "homey," like chicken you boiled for hours to make a soup till it was tender. Very brothy and nice.-Speed; our food was out in a matter of minutes. Kinda scary, actually, as one reviewer put it. Is everything frozen and reheated? Didn't seem that way, as I said my taco was pretty good. But who knows?Cons: -Lack of spice; nothing on either of our plates had any spice. That said, I feel this place is definitely Mexican food for dumb Americans who can't handle it. Not that I'm looking to burn my mouth on every bite, but a hint of something here and there wouldn't hurt.Most everything else about this place is unimpressive, but passable. The decor is what you'd expect, service is decent, prices okay I guess. I'm not sure why other reviewers think this place looks dumpy, seemed clean and presentable to me. I'd say "in a pinch, it'll do," but with so many other Mexican places around that's meaningless and Manuel's is just a face in the crowd.Bottom-line: Go here if you want typical Mexican with a slightly better-than-average dining room atmosphere.
2	Previously liked this place a lot, but the last few visits have really bombed. Most recently, a couple days ago. Here's the thing, this place is currently undergoing some major construction. There are no signs indicating the place is even open, let alone where to go since the front door is basically a disaster area of blasted asphalt and bare bones concrete blocks.That said, these folks should be thanking the HEAVENS anyone is walking into their establishment.So my recent visit went like this: Me, my Dad and my Aunt came in for lunch. Jesus was our server. Dad asked for the mini-chimi appetizer. I order a chicken burrito with fundido and verde sauce. No beans, just rice please.Dad gets a full sized chimichanga, whilst my order is not only missing verde, but the rice. My order goes back once they realize the mistake...they bring it back, only now with rice still missing. Dad meanwhile realizes he's got the wrong item too.Brought the issue up with Jesus, who is clearly irritated and has the audacity to argue that my Dad ordered from the lunch menu. Thing is, I saw him point to the chimi on the appetizer section when he ordered. Wrong answer, Jesus.Service was so rude, I'd be reluctant to return to this place ever again.Word to the wise: Get the attitude in check, Jesus. Don't blame the customer for your ordering errors... especially when people like us are willing to dine in your very dusty dining room as your establishment undergoes construction.
4	I ate lunch here a few weeks ago and had a good, cheap, quick meal.  $6.99 for an enchilada, taco, rice and beans...what a deal!  Good chips and salsa too!
4	I have been a patron of this local,  fairly traditional spot for nearly 40 years!  I actually once worked at the one on 32nd Street and Indian School for a week.The salsa I can eat as a soup.  Nice and chunky, fresh, all around yummy.  The spicier salsa can be slightly dipped in periodically as necessary for an added hotttttness.  The menu hasn't changed much over the years.  The food is fresh and if not too careful could border non-authentic.  Overall, this is a great place you can count on for a sweet Mexican food experience.My granddaughter and I are now the matriarch's in the family to continue the tradition of being loyal to this landmark!
4	Great service, food, and atmosphere.
5	If you want old fashioned good Mexican food, this is the place.  The food is fresh, standard style of sauces, beans, rice, salsas... bar, very good service, very friendly staff.  Wifi too.  It's a good place to go and get an enchilada or carne asada.  The staff deserves 5 stars.. it's clean, it's convenient, and it is fast.
4	I haven't  been to Manuel's in awhile and as always the food was really good. We were seated in a back room close to the kitchen. I'm always cold but I was roasting in that room. The waiter took great care of us and I loved the margaritas.
4	Had dinner here with a friend on 6/1/2013. What's not to like? It's close by, has a nice atmosphere, great service and reasonable prices. I had the mini steak tacos and edamame. Yes, I'll be back.
5	Love Manuel's!  Always good food and a friendly staff.
3	This food was pretty good, nothing spectacular. The wait staff is excellent, very attentive and helpful. The taquitos are crispy and have decent flavor. The rice is a little mushy, but has good flavor as well.
2	I have been to other Manuel's in the past and a couple weeks ago I just wanted to have so good 'bad' Mexican food, so we went here. This was a huge disappointment. The BF and I got very 'easy' and Americanized dishes- I got a cheese crisp and rice and he got a bean and cheese burrito. I will say the cheese crisp was pretty disappointing. It had no flavor at all....none of that delicious cheesy goodness that is the essence of Americanized Mexican food.... I definitely will not be back here again.
3	Not too shabby. Pretty standard menu of mexican food.  The food comes out fast and piping hot.  I had the carnitas chimichanga and it was really good.  The guac served on top was delicious and not all runny like some others in town.  The margaritas are big, delicious and fairly priced.  Oh!  And you get free chips and salsa if you're ordering a meal.  Love me some chips and salsa, especially when the mild is so tasty.  I would go back to Manuel's to try a bit more of the menu and to take advantage of happy hour margaritas!
1	Not sure what all the hype is about for this place.....Very average.... The food seemed similar to Del Taco, but on a real plate. The Fajitas was a joke....This place looks run down & old, which scares me a little bit to eat here. Canyon Cafe/Sam's Mexican Cafe at Arizona Center downtown....NOW we're talkin'!  ...Waaaaay better!
1	I grew up with Manuel's. We used to go every Sunday after church growing up and that was back when it was still on 32nd St. Since I got older, the price has gone way up and the quality of the food seemed to go way down. Salsa isn't spicy anymore. Used to be that the plate was super hot when it was brought out to us, not anymore. One of the last times my family and I went there for dinner they charged us a 16% gratuity! 16% is way too high for any gratuity but we were only 4 people!
3	OK for food. it falls into one of my routine lunch places if I run out of ideas. good for margaritas.
3	Not bad at all.We had the red chili con carne burro and mexican pizza.  The meat in the burro could have been shredded a bit more but the flavor was nice.  I also like the little bed of shredded lettuce it comes on to help with the heaviness of the plate.  The Mexi pizza could have been a little easier on cheese and sliced olives all over it would have been nice.  But it was tasty enough.The service was very good by the helper/busboy person but the waiter was a little on the slow side.  I'd like to check out their happy hour.
5	It isn't well known but each Manuel's is owned by one of the children of the original owner- the best one is on Peoria, that is one that you hear good things about.
1	Eight of us went to Manuel's today for lunch, and I can say that the service was the WORST I have ever seen in any restaurant.  Six of us got our meals at the same time, while the other two (who ordered the daily special) got theirs  EIGHT MINUTES AFTER the rest of us.  We didn't see the server again until he brought our bill.  We had asked him for separate tickets...and only got one.  We never got a single refill on the iced teas that four of us paid $2.50 each for...ten bucks would buy a LOT of tea bags.An 84-year-old woman in our party asked for her water in a styrofoam cup with a straw, which the server said he would bring her but he never did.The food was unimpressive...greasy and fried.  I would go to Taco Bell before I went back to Manuel's, which is overpriced.  I wouldn't have minded the mediocre food, but the service sucks like an Electrolux.
5	Great food...been eating here for thirty plus years. Food has the same top quality since I started eating here. Like family here....love the food! Best Mexican food!
5	Love this place.  Come here weekly to meet with friends. Always good service.  Always delish food.
2	This place is very overrated. Food will cost you 15-20 dollars per person, and you can get much better from traditional Mexican diners at half the price. Service was not good, and the food was not good. I had Fajitas, and Applebee's produces a better product. Will not go back again, and in an area dominated by a lot of quality Mexican cuisine, this is a place to skip
4	I've been patronizing Manuel's (this location) for 20+ years.  The chips always arrive nice and warm.  I've never had a bad meal at this location.  I believe the wait staff makes this place that much better.  They always are so welcoming and very attentive.  This is our go to place for special events.
2	Service here varies on the person and day of the week.Food always looks like it was microwaved. So awful. Only reason I gave it two stars was because of the drinks.
1	WORST FOOD EVER. Don't waste a cent at this place. Staff was good and chips and salsa weren't bad but the entree was terrible. First you couldn't even tell what you were eating. Second the price was way to high for the quality of food. Third the food made me and my girlfriend sick all night and the next morning. Also you can eat at much better mexican food places for the same price. Blanco at the Biltmore for example.
2	This review is not of Manuel's food but instead for customer service.  I called around 2p on a Thursday to order enchiladas for pick up.  They have a variety on the menu - I called to enjoy their spinach enchilada and a seafood enchilada.  I asked if I could please pay the full price for the seafood enchilada plate however I would like one of the enchilada's substituted for the less costly spinach enchilada.  I was terribly disappointed by the girl on the phone.  She made no effort to ask the kitchen or even anyone else - she simply stated "no".  I was very surprised as I have made and received this order many times in the past.  She simply stated the only way I could have one of each was to order them ala-carte - which actually cost less than what I was asking for.  I am unhappy that Manuel's employee did nothing to accommodate me and was rather curt and uninterested on the phone.  I love local business and have loved this place for many years - however I won't patronize or encourage my friends and family to eat here if this is the level of service we can expect.  Sadly dissatisfied.
4	The Dogg says. Muy bien Manuel's.  It's the Sonoran style type of comida Mexicano that is prevalent in AZ.   My taco was full of shredded beef and had good flavor. It was also stuffed full of lettuce tomato onions and cheese. My tostada was very crispy the beans tasted homemade and was one of the best tostadas I've ever had. Manuel's has one of the most tastiest salsas in the state. You can actually get full eating just chips and salsa with a beer and use your dinner as a partial appetizer and lunch for the next day. I miss the 32nd St. and Indian school location! But this one on 28th street has also been very good. Great service. Good food for the money. Get your taste buds over there and check out a great standard Mexican food restaurant!!!
5	Food is always good never had bad food. Service is good for the most part its very seldom that it is not good. But everyone has a off day. Wish the prices were not so high.
5	My wife and I love this place the food is always good. I think it's the best chips and salsa in town and we usually fill up on that before our dinner even gets to us.
5	I wasn't sure what to expect but nicely surprised!!! Awesome margaritas and the three enchilada dinner was amazing!   And so reasonably priced!  New favorite Mexican!!!
4	Manuel's is consistent. Service is fast and friendly. Chips are warm and salsa is satisfying. When I worked closer, I'd come regularly for work lunch. We would time them bc food came out so quickly. Record time from server walking away with our order to returning with our food was 4min 53sec! Food is nothing that will wow you but if you're looking for a filling, mediocre Mexican meal (which I often am), Manuel's is a must. Also, they just finished their remodel. Bigger bar and brighter atmosphere.
