5	Attention Vegas locals!!! If you are looking for a great hidden gem, this is a great place. It features old Las Vegas decor and a retro lounge atmosphere. The staff is really friendly and Hooligans even offers a points card if you are a gambler. Come and watch your favorite sports here, too! Their selection of food is fantastic for a bar. I had chicken and waffles that were really good. I don't know too many bars that offer Meatloaf or Hawaiian Kalua Pork but this one does. Bring a group of friends, you won't regret it.
4	The first review was dead on!! My wife and I came in to see if this was another false recommendation, but to our surprise it was dead on. The food was out of this world and the prices were spot on. You definitely got what you paid for everything was so fresh and a lot of pride was taken in the perpetration. The only down fall was the lap dance going on between the bartender and what we found out later to be the owner good thing it's 21 and over because it was definitely a nc17 show. We will be coming back again to try more of the food. Maybe lunch next time.
5	Love this brand new place amazing food and decor great spot for locals. I ate here and had the chicken and bacon infused waffles was unbelievably good. Chicken had a very light taste wasn't greasy at all and I can't even describe the bacon infused waffles gotta try it for yourself. Oh I also had peach cobbler for desert it was very good and the peaches came in slices which was great imo. Will definitely be back here on a regular basis.
5	I've only been here a couple of times so far but I'm a big fan. It's on my way home from work so it's a cool place to stop for a drink and try and win some money. The vibe of the place is cool and they're still pretty new so they're working out the kinks. It's kind of an old Vegas lounge with a modern feel. The only crappy thing is that they're hidden from view so it isn't easy to find. Just look for Wienerschnitzel, they're behind them tucked away in the corner. They're doing a $50 match play promo right now if you feel like trying your luck.  Don't expect to watch any baseball here. They don't have the MLB package, much to my dismay. Luckily, I work at a Yankees bar and also have the MLB.TV subscription. Both times I've been here so far, I've been helped by the bartender, Jessica, and she's great. Attentive, fun to talk to and she surprises you with some fun shots here and there. Update that Sky is also pretty cool and friendly. I also met Bruce, the gentleman that runs the kitchen. He's great and you can tell he cares about his product. Everything is prepared fresh and made with care. Apparently he was the executive chef at Braddah's before they screwed him over. So he set up this kitchen and he's killing it. I tried a stuffed burger with baked potato fries and it was phenomenal. For $12, you get a gigantic 2/3 pound burger freshly made and stuffed how you want it on a really good roll with these incredible fries on the side. Worth it! I wish they were open a little earlier so I could grab some food on the way home but they're still new and getting set up so I understand. They open around 10/11, if I remember correctly. They also do a happy meal at a certain time which is like a beer, a burger and fries for $5.99 I believe. Something like 1-3pm. I'll double check and edit this.  Anyway, as a local bartender, I find this place to be a great local bar to support. Screw PT's and Dottie's, support the local independent bars or you'll be left with cold, cookie cutter corporate bars that don't know how to treat their customers.
5	My Goodness ..what a 'Happy accident' finding this place ..within walking distance too ..ahh the fooooood magnificent stuff , try the poppers ..just in case your tastebuds went south ... Brill , my new local bar ..hard to find but once you have it, there's no going back !
5	Another good local bar to hit up. Nice little bar hidden in the corner of the Wienerschnitzel/JerseyMikes/Dottys plaza on the corner of Oakey and Rainbow. Jessica is great... friendly, attentive and makes some awesome shots. I haven't tried the burgers yet but I did have a nice breakfast there last week. Fantastic prices on the food. Awesome decor with old time Vegas pictures around the walls.You can draw on the walls with chalk in the bathroom... I'm in an ongoing battle of tic tac toe on the wall by the mirror in the bathroom. I'm X's if you go... don't screw up my game.I've been a few times now and really enjoyed myself... have gotten decent play on the machines as well. Support local bars.. check this place out!
5	..well, I love it ..but as a nerd / ass ...I need a 'control' to check me ...so ..I took a very good friend and co-pilot to Hooligans with nothing but a promise of a drinky-drink after work ... beer is good and cold ..but that's not really what I wanted to hear, as a third party ....so he ordered the Hawaiian plate ..and I watched to see if my first impressions were his too ... well let me tell you I have not seen him this happy for a long time , I NEVER recommend ..because after I leave, it's up to you to decide if its good or not .. its the simple shit that makes stuff happen, like the 'fries' I'm British ..so they are chips to me ..a potato hit with and axe and garnished with love...I'm keeping some in the glove box for those moments! Go there , have fun, eat great  and ....if ya'll have the balls (seriously) ask for the hot poppers ..(and take the next day off, for 'therapy') .....oooh and one last thing ..
5	This is definitely a hidden treasure I hope this place makes it. DAVE the graveyard bartender Tuesday through Saturdays is awesome! Your seriously missing out I'd you don't come here! 12 to 2 its happy hour you have got to try the food it's killer!  The awesome service from Dave and the outstanding food on happy hour this place is outstanding!  You have got to come here they have 16 beers on tap including Stella! Where in Vegas can you get Stella on tap!
5	The ambiance in the building is awesome! Good music, lighting, and best of all great hamburgers!!! I was left complete and full :) I don't believe I said a word, during the entire burger, it was so good! To top it all off, the BEST onion rings I've ever tried. They have a tempura like base to them. I recommend this place to anyone who wants a super good burger!!
5	Great place! Hands on staff who really show that they're trying to succeed. The owner introduced himself personally and thanked us for coming. The food is the best bar food I've ever had and the music was different than most vegas bars. Great place and I recommend that everyone try it!
5	This is awesome! Amazing food, great service and amazing look. Fantastic prices for such great quality and flavorful food. Seriously try it and fall in love instantly.
5	Love this place. The food is awesome and so is the staff. Awesome place to hang out in a relaxed atmosphere.
4	A bar with SHUFFLEBOARD, friendly staff, SHUFFLEBOARD, and creative takes on typical bar food? I'm in trouble, since I live only a few blocks away. And love SHUFFLEBOARD!Came here briefly last night for a UYE but couldn't stick around. Staff was super friendly, from the servers to the owner, who went out of his way to make us feel welcome, ask for feedback, and allow us to sample menu items.Highlight of the menu is the jalapeno fries: tempura-fried jalapeno strips with a tabasco-spiked ranch dressing. The light batter mellows out the spice of the peppers, and has a similar effect when used on the fried pickles.Really came for the burgers, which are stuffed and topped with additional cheeses, jalapenos, and bacon, in a few different varieties. Unfortunately, I found that the burgers didn't quite live up to my expectations: thy were a bit too overloaded and difficult to eat, buns fell apart, and the plethora of gourmet toppings/stuffings PLUS the traditional burger veggies was just too much. As for the burgers themselves, the Jalapeno Popper one outranked the Big Mess burger for our group, but we were in agreement that the patties were overcooked.Partially accepting some blame myself, as our burgers were taken to-go, and the steam trapped in the box likely contributed to the buns falling apart. Good flavors and good value for price though: $11/each.Will come back for appetizers and SHUFFLEBOARD (anyone want to try to beat me?), and likely to watch a few games. Good selection of beers on tap as well.
5	They have great gaming  system in totally clean phenomenal burgers wings to die for fries like no other
5	Came here with a few buddies for the 7 pm UYE on Sat/9 Aug:- Great event (thank you to those, Bar & Grill staff and Yelpers, who put it on) and I'm looking forward to attending more UYEs.- $20 fee included 4 x drinks (I got vodka seltzer) and 3 x tapas-style tastings (I tried 3 different sliders/mini-burgers, all delicious).- Hooligans' is great and I wish it was within walking distance of my place.  Drink and food prices (looking at their menu) looked to be a good value.  Will be back many times, especially since they run happy hour twice a day.
5	Food is amazing. Just had the hangover remedy with garlic fries. I couldn't have left any happier. Jessica, our bartender, was a peach. Definitely plan to make this my go to bar in the future.
5	Me and my hubby decided to try this place out after finding it on yelp , we love it ! Food was great ! Service was awesome , everyone seems super friendly. This is def a local bar with friendly people , it was exactly what we were looking for ! The one and only thing I could say I don't necessarily like is the cigarette smoke, but hey it's vegas right ? So... I wrote this review only after having a beer and their awesome potatoes nachos! So that in itself tell u how great this place is , I should add that the hamburger that my husband had was easily the best hamburger I've had ! And the fries were freshly cut from potatoes (amazing) after getting to meet the cook we totally understand y it was so yummy! When someone puts there heart into what they are cooking it's going to be great food! I believe this is our new date night spot :)
2	Trying to figure out whether every review so far has been by friends & family of this establishment or if I witnessed an aberration--the most comical/sad example of bar & foodservice I can remember in ages.  The 1/2 owner of the place, who seems like a really nice guy, was trying to be a waiter/waitress because it looked like only 1 lady was working the bar and the tables. No offense, but It was blatantly obvious the man knows nothing about food/beverage. He didn't know the products, not even basic '101' stuff.  We felt sad for him.  Service:  Visit was on a Sat night and it was busy because a band was playing that drew a large amount of friends/family out to support them for their gig.  We sat down and nobody came by to offer us a menu (which turns out to be a couple pages of basic bar food printed on regular bond paper) or to take our drink order for a good 20-25 min.  We eventually had to hunt down someone on our own.  1 person in our party stood in the bar line for over 20 minutes at 1 point and never was served before finally coming back to the table.   It took 45 min total to get a menu and then someone to take our order, it then took longer to get our food.  We were not provided any condiments, even after asking for some when the food was delivered.  We weren't even provided napkins, we had to go do the restroom and get our town (no joke). Nobody came by to ask if we liked it, nobody came by for 2+hrs to buss the table.  We had 3 'tabs' in our group and everyone's bill was messed up.  A friend of ours seated elsewhere in the bar also had her bill messed up.  Drinks:  We ordered drinks and the 1 bottle of beer we ordered was so FLAT it was unreal.  Best I could tell by the label was it had or was expiring sometime in August.  Tequila shots were supposed to be 'doubles' but I would bet my life they were 'cut' 50/50 with water.  Our group has been drinking Patron shots for years and everyone looked at each other like 'WTF'.   Food:  We only tried 1 appetizer & that was enough. The grease was literally running off the items and puddling on the wax paper it was sitting on.  3 people in our group sampled the item and nobody tried more than a single sample.  Final analysis:  The place was a total train-wreck and is in no way a gourmet anything.  They failed miserably at even basic service.  I can appreciate their apparent group of loyal friends/family trying to support them on places like here, but If I wrote anything other than what's in this review I'd be completely dishonest.   I truly hope they succeed but from my sample size of 1 night, I don't see how they will survive more than a few months.  Good luck to them but it's going to be one heck of overhaul to accomplish.
5	...ooh the one last thing ..I'm an average Joe ..likes me grub and a pint ..so I snagged a mate that has better taste-buds than me to try the fare at Hooligans, again to check I am not dreaming ..ordered the Smoky BBQ burger and he got the Massive Attack .. so not to be rude to  the meat we both went for medium-rare ..HOLY COW (literally) soooo juicy ..moist and tender (someone is bitchin-in-da-kitchen). the  burgers are f'n awsome ..the staff are the most helpful and respectful peeps I have met in a very long time ..please, if you come to Vegas, try this place ..google it, giggle it , wiggle it .
5	This place is amazing. I was surprised. Tucked in a corner of a strip mall its a little divey byt DO NOT pass it by. The food is FANTASTIC. Signature Burgers including a 'Jalapeno Popper burger' 'Big Mass' and 'loaded baked potato' just to mention a few. Oh, and jalapeno fries!!! Its a but of a drive from southern highlands but ill definitely be a repeat customer. Food quality is superb and prices are relative (signature burgers max at $11. Worth every penny).
5	Awesome time here!!! Super chill super friendly. Thank you! Go there! Bartender was great and place was nice and clean.
5	Totally exceeded our expectations! I had a little trouble finding the place because it was tucked into a corner. But when I got there the ambiance and atmosphere was very relaxing. The menu isn't big but the portions are so huge. I started off ordering the hangover remedy burger but did not know it had onions stuffed in it. The owner/Cook was very nice and brought me a different burger for free. He didn't charge me for either of the burgers. I would have gladly paid for the second burger because it was delicious. I also got fried bacon for appetizers and my girlfriend got the fried pickles, both were amazing. This is a great place to come too if you're very hungry and want a good Burger. Everyone is nice and  friendly  and I will definitely be coming back more often.
5	Been here three times now on Sunday morning, Nicole is the most pleasant and amusing bartender that I have encountered in years. The food is A+. The pyrat candy is so addicting, that my wife is still in rehab! Burgers are the best that I have had in vegas.
5	Loaded Baked Potato Burger is the way to go!  This thing is like a steak and baked potato married your all american hamburger. I'm a fan.  The night I was there they were selling 24 oz Fosters cans for $2!  $2.  Totally blew my calorie count for the night.  I need to go back to try one of the desserts I saw.
5	This place is awesome! I had the Big Mass and it had me dancing in my seat with every bite!! My favorite were the hand cut fries! Its obvious they aren't serving frozen foods! I just love the decor here as well. The walls are covered with Vegas history and the lights change color! Friendly service from the bartenders to the cook! Great job guys! I highly recommend it and I will be a regular customer!
5	Easily the best burgers I've ever had! I wish could eat here every day. So far I've ordered The Big Mass, The Jalepeno Popper Burger, and the BBQ (also had a bite of my wife's Baked potato burger). I really can't pick a favorite. Nice bar close to my house. A big plus is one of the 16 beers on tap is Mirror Pond. Awesome staff!
2	After reading everyone's positive reviews and then reading the odd negative review me and my boyfriend decided to stop by to find out got ourselves if this place matches the great comments it has. We pull up, one car is in the entire lot. As we go inside there's one bartender and the cook. Tonight they should of traded places because the cook had more personality than the bartender. For a place being so empty she made not attempt to interact with us. At all. Things got way unprofessional when 12:15am came and she comes up to us and says she's leaving and that the other bartender will be here soon. WHAT? Are you really leaving you bar unattended??? Seriously. I was appalled. The next bartender comes in, doesn't say anything but waves, and then says " I'll be right there.  "  After we finish our food I decided to go use the bathroom, I was kinda eager because I read on one of the reviews there's a wall with chalk for you to write on. When I go in there first thing I see is a huge trash can fill of waste that obviously hadn't been taken out in a while, I also looked at the wall and on there was written word for word. " tip your fucking bartender" I took a picture and will try and attach it here. It automatically made me uncomfortable. The bartender that came in second was obviously high on something. Was on her phone 24/7 in front of us! And even sat down to eat a burger 10 min into her shift. The cook like I mentioned was very nice, my boyfriend wanted an item that wasn't available and had to settle with something else, so the cook was nice enough to not charge us for his order. He also was more personable than anyone else there. The fries where very until. Thick, potato skin style. I enjoyed the time with my boyfriend. But would not come back here for a while, maybe by then there will be a new set of ppl working there.
5	AMAZING FOOD AND AMAZING STAFF!!!! You HAVE to try the baked potato burger!!!! It's the BEST burger EVER !!!!! Go check them out! Great bartenders, cooks, and owners!!!!
5	The food here is off the hook!! Hey Las Vegas-this is the place to eat, drink & play!! We will be back-and we're bringing reinforcements!!
5	Randomly wandered in here and it is such a hidden/tucked in gem! Live band, fun ambience, attentive and cool staff, really neat Classic Vegas decor. Love it!!
5	Great local bar where you feel welcomed the moment you walk in. Unfortunately, it's in a bad location tucked away in the corner of a strip mall so don't miss it. It deserves to have a stand alone location and can even match up with the bars on the newly renovated part of Fremont Street. The bartender was very nice and on top of things. Quite a selection of beer on tap. It was Sunday football and she made sure the correct football game was on. On to the food..by far the best burger I've ever tasted in a bar. I had the BBQ burger and it was HUGE and tasty (that's what she said, right?). The fries are natural home made potato skin fries. Here's the kicker. The owner took his time to introduce himself to us and we mentioned what kind of sauces they are known for. 5 minutes later he and the chef bring out a plate filled with 8 different sauces, some exotic and others his own twist on popular ones, for us to try and more fries and tempura sticks. Amazing customer service!!! The place is clean, they have a juke box, darts and poker tournaments. I just wish it were in a better location, like I said, so they can get the recognition they deserve. I'm definitely coming here again!!
5	First impression:  This bar is awesome.I'd read a few reviews here on Yelp, and was looking forward to coming out sometime.Last night after a rough day at work, I decided to head out for Thursday night karaoke with a friend.The bar itself is really great.  I like how open and spacious it is!  The bartenders last night, Nicole and Sky, were great.  Super friendly, knowledgeable, and they make some great drinks!Karaoke was fun too!I haven't tried the food yet, but it looked and smelled great!  I can't wait to come back in a couple weeks to try it. I definitely like Hooligans, and will return!
5	Went to Hooligan's on Friday for early dinner.  We are from out of town and have wanting to try this place. Bar tender was friendly and helped us right away.  We had a couple burgers, fries, pirate candy, and the chocolate covers bacon with raspberry habanero sauce.   Everything was perfectly prepared and delicious. Can't wait to go back and try some other items.  Chef Bruce does a great job.
5	Amazing.   To sum it up that's the word.   Little dive bar,  good drink selection and burgers (juicy Lucy style) that very well may be the best in the valley......high end included.  Highly recommended.- Had the Big Mass with baked potato fries.
5	We visited on Friday night....the bartender was friendly and helpful with recommendations.  The burger & fries we shared were great, we followed up with pirate candy & chocolate dipped bacon covered with raspberry habanero sauce....all fantastic and perfectly prepared.  Enjoyed talking with Chef Bruce, we definitely will return.
5	Great place to come and hang out.Food is awesome.Service is great .They have many different things going on from Free poker to Darts on Tuesday .Drinks are reasonable .Come on in and have a drink and watch a game .
4	I'll preface this by saying I nearly never go to bars of any kind. I also seldom eat bar food. As much as I love fried things, they don't love me. Or maybe they love me too much - they stick around in the belly regions. However, Antonia R. is to blame for this deviation with her tantalizing pictures of juicy burgers and appetizers.Inside, it's a normal bar like any other 24-hour bar around town. The food is special. For example, the burgers are massive and juicy. The beef is specially selected from Australia for that extra quality. Fries are cut thick. They have a variety of sauces available to dip, drench, or lightly poke and try with a fork. There's (for the moment) a secret plate of deep fried and battered vegetables that is certainly a first-time at any bar I've been to. I'm a fan.The people here are extremely friendly and helpful. So much information flew at us - it was refreshing. In the end, Hooligans is only what you want it to be. If you're looking for a bar, it's a bar. If you want some next-level bar food, it will serve you well.
3	There are some places that are "hole in the wall" gems.  Hooligans has the potential to be that place.  The burgers are excellent, the meat comes from australia, they are stuffed with goodies like cheddar, bacon, etc..  and then topped with more goodies.  They are huge, 2/3 lb'ers so be forewarned.  I had the barbecue burger.  I always get the sauce on the side so I can taste the burger without it first and also because there are some bbq sauces that are too overpowering or taste bad.  The taste of the burger is great.  The sauce was actually perfect for me, a mild but tangy bbq flavor. The complaint I have about the burger is the buns.  They are not fresh and actually detract from the amazing flavor of the burger. If the bun wasn't smooshed into the toppings, I would have removed it completely after the first bite.  The bun fell apart, making it difficult to eat the burger without it falling over the plate.The fries are excellent also, They are flat steak fries with great seasoning (maybe a little too much salt for me but still good).If I was reviewing just the burger alone, this would be a 3.5 -4 star.  However, there were several negatives about the location.  I did love the vegas theme on the walls.  1) there were no formal menus.  The lovely bartender explained this to me as they were redesigning the menu.  2) The ice freezer has been broken for several months (how does this happen to a new restaurant and why is it not fixed) and they were using ice from a bag in the bar sink.  and 3) Way too smokey for me. The bartender was very friendly and helpful and really cares about the establishment, speaking proudly about it.  The owner wasn't there until I was about to leave but does spend time at the bar which is a positive.The bartender stated they hope to have fresh baked buns from a local bakery soon and that will help.Also they have several TV's around the bar so it is a good place to watch a game.  Surprisingly, despite the great reviews and food, the place was empty on College Football gameday.
2	I dined here earlier today.I was unpleasantly surprised to  learn the establishment was out of hamburger.  At 2:00 PM on a Saturday.  Didn't sound like they were getting this exotic meat product any time soon.I asked for a menu anyway and was handed two greasy, grimy pieces of paper.  Apparently they're working on a new menu.  Guessing it will arrive about the same time as the hamburger does.   Many of the menu items other Yelp reviewers raved about were nowhere to be found on said menu.Made the mistake of ordering jalapeno fries.  No es bueno.Yeah, I won't be back.
2	After reading extremely positive reviews for this place, I was so hyped to come spend Sunday football here. I also read negative reviews & hoped that I wouldn't experience something like that but sadly, here I am writing a 2-star review.I've been to a bunch of hole-in-the-walls so I didn't mind the exterior but we walked in to a dark, empty bar & I just had an uneasy feeling. Sure it was early but it's Sunday! Where is everyone?! After sitting for a while, I also realized how warm it was in the place & that the fan was so loud somewhere in the back. Urgh.There was only one bartender/server but she was accommodating & friendly. She immediately changed the channel to the game without us asking (based on the bf's jersey), which was really nice of her. We received our menus-- two crumply, stained pages with sharpie markings all over (they raised their prices so they crossed out some prices & wrote the actual prices in sharpie & they crossed off items they don't have anymore). She apologized that they are revamping their menus but damn, would it hurt to at least print their menus nicely on stock paper/resume paper just until they get their real menus? It took about 40 or so minutes for a burger & 2 breakfast platters. Uhhhh.. Didn't get why it took so long; the other 2-3 patrons were already eating! While watching the game, a bug crawled up my friend's arm too! Not cool. There were a total of 4 other people who came while we were there & they weren't together either. It was awkward & I honestly don't understand the positive reviews.I had good company plus the food & service were okay but I think we will just visit another sports bar for the next game.
5	Who doesn't love a good burger?? We're not from here so when we decided to visit I went off Yelp reviews to pick out a good burger spot. It was the best idea ever! Hubby and I went to Hooligans, which is just a short drive off the strip, and ordered a hangover remedy burger and I believe mine was called a big mess? (Not sure lol) the service was awesome, the bartender was a sweetheart, and they had a live band playing which was so good. The food came out pretty quick and we quickly munched on the yummy fries. When it was burger time hubby pretty much made love to his lol. I wish I could give this place more stars because they deserve it! We will definitely have to make this a routine stop from now on.
4	Went here based on the yelp reviews, and I agree that the food was really, really, really good. The jalapeno fries and the Big Mass burger were delicious. The potato skins were ok. The service was definitely slower than most places. The server was nice about it, but 20+ minutes for a medium burger was the reason this place loses a star.
2	Ordered the Big Mass burger and some wings.  The burger was really good, but the wings were very small. They were understaffed, so we had to wait 5+ minutes before we were even greeted.  Even then our server was distracted and inattentive.
5	Bruce , Chunk and Dee take great care of us everytime we have had lunch or dinner.  Food is the best and the Beer is cold. The people are the friendliest around.  Always a great time.  A lot of Vegas history on the walls.  Fun to see the way is was.
5	From the outside, it doesn't look like anything special.  The inside is decorated with a 60s loft style.We arrived around 10:30 p.m., used a restaurant.com coupon, which was fine with the bartender.  Ordered the Mass Burger with two eggs over hard to share.  The Guinness on tap was excellent.  The burger arrived and exceeded all expectations.  See my photos.  Fresh mushrooms, white wine garlic butter, a few pickles, crispy bacon, and cooked medium rare exactly as ordered.  The fries were also amazing, as you can see in the photos.  Finally, we shared a Chocolate Mousse Martini.  Infused with Gran Marnier, this dessert was also unbelievable.  Never has bar food been this good.  The music playlist was mostly electronic / pop rock, and the sound system has excellent clean low bass, unusual for a place like this.
5	We came here the first time based on the yelp reviews. I wanted a place to watch football that had good food. This place has the best bar food around. We now go with a large group of friends on Monday nights and have the best time every week. The food is great and Dee the bartender is awesome. The place is pretty empty every time we go and I can't figure out why. We just used a restaurant.com certificate and our bill was even cheaper.
4	Walking into this dark and slightly divey bar, you don't expect much as far as food goes. The place was pretty crowded as they were having one of their biweekly poker tournaments. We were the only people that ordered any food, so they seemed to go out of their way to make our visit nice.We ordered the hangover burger, wings with wedges and fried avocado to share. They took the fried avocado off their menu, but the waitress talked to Chef Bruce and he was more than happy to accommodate any requests we had as long as he has the ingredients. We also really wanted to try their guava habanero for the wings but he had run out so he mixed up a concoction of his pineapple sauce and added a little more kick to it for us. Service was great! The bartender / waitress Misty was extremely attentive and was so sweet and friendly. Chef Bruce even came out to make sure we were enjoying everything and made sure to make an extra batch of the fried avocado just for us as well as being out some of their dessert to try.The food was decent, I enjoyed the burger, but stuffed burgers aren't my favorite so I'd likely be happier with a basic one minus cheese and all the extra stuff. Simple is always better for me. The burger was cooked perfectly, though. The wings were good, too. I the sauces were still overly sweet for me, but I appreciated that they served them on the side so I could decide how much to use. The fried avocado was delicious, the best thing we had all evening. I also really enjoyed the potato wedges. Perfectly cooked and excellent texture. We had a great meal and they had no problem redeeming our restaurant.com coupon. I'll be back soon.
5	This, place has some of the best burgers you will ever eat .Staff is great.The owners make sure you are taken care of.They have Karoke, darts and poker.Drink prices and food are reasonable.So, stop and have a drink or sing some Karoke
5	It's early for me to give a full review here as I've just been in a couple times but the bartender Dave is a real professional. Attentive, knowledgable and courteous. I'm tired of these other joints with these punk ass kids where you've got to beg for a drink. Dave has kept my drink full. Now if I could just win some damn money!!! Oh yeah, good machines with reasonable payouts.
3	I am giving this place 3 stars mostly because the service is so good. The staff is so nice and helpful, however the food just leaves a lot to be desired. I mean, $12 for a burger ? It better be a really good burger! It's just not. Tried the hot mess burger and Jal. Popper burger. Both were overcooked and just so so messy. They are stuffed burgers. so they are pretty big, but just not very juicy  or tasty. Falling apart and the bun on the bottom was just soggy, the whole thing is a mess. I did like the fried pickles and the fries. Again good service, but I don't think that's enough to make me want to come back.
5	Every couple of months when I go down to Vegas, I have to go here! The service is definitely subpar, but for the best burgers I've ever had, It's well worth it. They serve giant homestyle burgers with fun takes on them. For example, the loaded potatoe burger is absolutely amazing!
2	ive tried this place 3 times now, giving it the benefit of the doubt.. all terrible.  to say the least all the bartenders were really nice.  I went in for food each of the 3 times. the food was terrible each time.  im not hard to please either.  i know they changed their menu and i read on here that the burgers were really good.  ok ill give it one more try. the burger took 30 min to cook, and im 1 of the 3 people in the bar.  i asked for medium it was cooked to death.  and the potato fries were extra crispy.  the food was so greasy and disgusting.  i tried to salvage it and pick all the nasty toppings off and just eat the burger. it was so greasy i just threw it out , i felt so bad after having just a few bites.  and it was $12 bucks. i should of just went to in and out seriously! so gross.
1	Hooligans is called Hooligans for a reason.Looking to find a new bar we stumbled upon Hooligans on rainbow. Our first thoughts were how clean and colorful the place was. We sat at the bar where we were greeted by a Dolly Parton look-alike. She took our order for drinks then... Disappeared. We found that she left the bartop to take the food order of 4 guests at a booth. What about our drinks? We thought maybe she had them before us so it didn't bother us too much. But then she came back and only served me my beer and walked away without my friends drink. All she wanted was water...Here comes the good stuff. We asked for menus and reminded her that we needed the water. She brought back the water and we told her we were ready to order. I placed my order... Then she walked away. What about my friends order? This was the second time she ignored my friend who by now has blown $60 in the machine. We find her again doing God-knows-what and trying to flash her down. Finally get her attention and continue our order. We Order the avocado chicken sandwich and she informs us that they are out of avocado. So we then chose the turkey bacon club and she informs us she's out of bacon AND THEN she say that she tells me MY order was out too! The one I placed minutes ago before she walked away! Not only that, the party at the booth over heard what was out and walked up to the bar frustrated. THEY ORDERED SOMETHING THAT WAS OUT AND SHE DIDNT TELL THEM EITHER! Becoming fed up we ask what she has and she responds with "it's a new menu and they didn't supply us with everything yet." Note for the bar owners: don't put out new food menus when you don't have the material to make it and make sure you inform your staff of what's in/outNote to Dolly Parton: don't take someone's order if you are not going to serve them in an appropriate amount of time and it's nice to let the customers know what's out before its read over.Last note for all the readers: my friend and I and the group in the booth WERE THE ONLY PEOPLE IN THE BAR. If your looking for quick service and knowledgeable employees, Hooligans IS NOT the place for you.
