5	I was in town visiting a friend for a week- and Im not interested in paying $15-20 extra per day to a car company that thinks Im worth that much extra risk. Im an ASU Alum looking to go back so I was able to take advantage of their $35 subscription discount.Zipcar is amazing, super convenient, you rent the car by the hour or by the day- run your errands, do what you need to do and drop it back at its stop. I love the car I rented! Now I want a hybrid, I barely had to deal with the gas, and when I did fill up it was not on me.I wish Zipcar was around when I didnt have a car- would have made my life INFINITELY easier, but alas, the lightrail, zipcar and all the wonderful things happen RIGHT after I get my car. Thank you Universe.While it is a bit on the pricey side the convenience is definitely worth it!If your undergrad/grad student who doesnt have a cool flatmate or dont want to bother them- this is great for getting around! Highly Recommended!
2	I joined Zipcar because I work at ASU and I thought it might be convenient to be able to rent something by the hour.  I was wrong.The customer service at ZipCar is really poor.  First, there is the question of trying to figure out how much it costs to join (and why there should be any fee too join at all?)  I paid $35.  The website advertises $25, but that's not actually what they charge.  Figuring out why there is a difference, or how to get the $10 back is a dissertation topic all by itself.Then, after a year of never, ever using ZipCar, they charged my credit card ANOTHER $35.  They didn't send one of those nice little emails saying, "Thank you for being a ZipCar mamber and congratulations on your one-year anniversary!   We will charge your credit card next week, and we hop you enjoy your second year!"In fact, they didn't send me ANYthing.  Not even a receipt.  I only found out about the charge on my bank statement.I've filled out one of those anonymous "contact us" email forms on-line requesting an immediate refund and cancellation of my membership.  We'll see how far I get with that!
5	(This review is for Zipcar in general, not just this location.) I've been using Zipcar for about a year now (I know because I was just charged the $35 annual fee) and it has never given me any major problems. Minor problems? Kind of:[CONS] I just rented a car for the weekend and it was the *first* time I got a dirty Zipcar (i.e. shoe marks all over dashboard, stained seats, garbage in the back, sticky steering wheel, broken ipod touch) with a broken arm rest. I was pretty shocked Zipcars came in that condition--especially after a year of using very clean and like-new cars--so I called customer service to report the issue and try to switch to a different car. Another incident I had was getting lost finding the car, and that was extremely frustrating (but maybe that's my fault, not Zipcar). Another incident the previous driver parked the car in the wrong lot and I had lost 20 minutes on my reservation.[PROS] For all these minor incidents, I called the Zipcar number and after weeding through options on the automated call center (slightly annoying--I just want to be connected to a rep!) I finally got compensated for all my troubles, yay! :-) Additionally, I've compared prices with regular car rental companies and when their prices average to $55 a day + under 25 fee + insurance + no gas for free the amount comes out to be about the same... Overall, Zipcar is super convenient and I've always thoroughly enjoyed the cars. I've actually called a couple of the Zipcars mine and have gone out of my way to reserve certain models.
4	This review specifically covers my very first "Zipster" experience from Zipcar's Central Phoenix location (UCENT 2 parking lot at ASU Downtown). The car I had reserved via the Zipcar website was parked at the above-mentioned lot at Filmore and 2nd Street as promised - it was a BRAND-NEW Ford Focus with only 4000 miles on the odometer. The car was in the location promised and had nearly a full tank of gas in the car (thank you, my fellow Zipster who previously had the car for filling the tank!). The only issue with the car was that the outside of the car was covered in red dust - someone must have been to Sedona in it!! So, followed the directions on the website and drove the car off the parking lot after checking out with the parking attendant. Ran errands and went out to a nice dinner with a friend. Since the car still had lots of gas in it, I decided that the more effective thing to do was to wash the red dirt off of it, so off to the self-serve carwash. Five minutes later, the new Focus (named Heidi) was sparkling clean outside and inside. Only moment of stress is that when I returned the car, the parking lot was unattended and the ticketing machine was not working -- neither of which was Zipcar's fault. Called into Zipcar customer service for instructions, customer service rep was friendly, efficient, and pleasant - and provided me with instructions on how to handle the parking lot situation. Overall, a great rental experience - the friend that was with me said he thought that the Zipcar experience would work very well for other friends of ours too. Recommend, especially with the brand-new car!
