5	These guys give awesome customer support and they know their stuff.We had quite a high level of scorpions and I had been spraying around the house with limited success. With a new grandchild now arrived who regularly comes over, I was "directed" to come up with a solution. Coincidentally I was given this company as a reference by a co-worker who has a rental in Chandler (with a large number of scorpions) and the renters had been freaking out, also my next door neighbors had two young kids and had gone to this company to resolve their issues.  Both are very happy with this companyAnyways they have a very sophisticated package / program which takes several months to implement. This involves a mix of education, inside sealing, external sealing, and chemical spraying etc. etc.  They also have a calendar which tells you when to spray etc. . Did you know that scorpion levels are highly correlated to moon phases?Anyways - the program costs a bit of money, but in this case you certainly get what you pay for and as I said the service is outstanding. An example is they sealed the trap doors during the internal house seal (which took ~ 6 hours for my house), but they were very happy to come back around and do some re-sealing after we had some other workers do work on our roof space.As Georgia will tell you it's not an over night fix to get rid of the scorpions - the program can take several weeks or months depending upon what time of the year it is. Having said that since these guys did their work we have only seen one scorpion in the last 4 - 6 months and I must admit the program created a little complacency on my part since there have been so few scorpions around I am not spraying as frequently as I am supposed to.  These guys seem to be pretty busy - so it may take a week or so to schedule you in. However getting rid of scorpions is not something you can do in a week - it's a many months long program; so if your going to do it correctly - go with this company. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
5	Highly recommend!!! When we moved in a year ago we saw about 7 scorpions inside our house with countless centipedes. Having two small children, this was quite scary.  We reached out to our new neighbors asking how to prevent them from coming in. We had monthly pest control - but it wasn't working. Quite a few neighbors recommended Seal Out Scorpions hands down!  We called, and they quickly came. Very Very Professional and great customer service explaining everything they were doing. I couldn't believe the gaps behind our doors and near plumbing, we would have never thought as a place for scorpions to come in. We got "sealed" inside in  September, with the final outside seal done in October. Now we see  Nothing - Nada - Zip. Our neighbor told us he has had 5 scorpions inside his home this month of May, cause he never got the sealing. He is now calling Seal Out Scorpions! Seriously worth every penny for piece of mind!! Thanks again!
5	Love love them and Georgia is the best. She was the first person who understood my fear and put my mind at ease. She instilled trust on the first phone consultation, we have been following her program and have not sen a scorpion in the house since her company began working with us....
5	I hate scorpions. Hate them. But I live in AZ so I'm bound to encounter the evil creatures, however more than 15 inside my house were 15 too many. I have 3 young children and I was terrified for them. I had another company (Ky-Ko) come to seal our house and I won't bore you with the details but in short:  They didn't sealed every thing as detailed in their 25 point check list , incredibly poor work on what they actually sealed plus cheap materials and bad customer service. Excuses and more excuses.Not wanting to deal with them anymore and desperate I called SOS. They came today and I'm so impressed. They sealed my doors perfectly, they resealed my vents  (previously sealed with duct tape! Really?!), sealed every nook and cranny,  they even changed light bulbs for me!They were extremely professional and knowledgeable about anything scorpions. Mike, Bill, Mike, Kyle and I forgot the other guy's name (sorry) were all a pleasure to have in my house. They recommend pest control spraying regimens, either a company or if you want to DIY.They may be a little more expensive than other companies but they are worth every single penny and more.I can sleep better now.
5	We are new residents in Arizona. We knew very little about scorpions except that one in our house was too many. We hired Seal Out Scorpions based on information I found on the Internet. We were beyond impressed with their knowledge, professionalism, and hard work. They are worth twice what they charge!
5	Great company, great staff, helpful, courteous, on time, educated us and were just nice people to deal with.  I would highly recommend them.
5	We called SOS after our pediatrician recommended them to us.  I, too would recommend them to anyone with a scorpion problem.  We had two different exterminators out to spray but it was not cutting it.  I truly think sealing is the way to go.  It's been four months and we've only found one inside that was essentially trapped.  This was after finding 1-2 a week.  Everyone is so knowledgeable and a pleasure to work with; they treat everyone like family.  Great company and effective service!  Hopefully the next scorpion I see will be suspended in a glittery resin paper weight.
5	James and Nate were very professional. The did an EXCELLENT job and were very detailed oriented.  The went above and beyond what we expected.  Based on their hard efforts we will recommend this company to anyone we know that may have scorpion problems.  The owners have also been excellent about following up and helping us through this process and we look forward to what the future holds... Thanks so much!
5	We have used Seal Out Scorpions on three houses... our rental, our primary residence, and my parents' house.  Both the rental and the primary house had significant problems prior to hiring SOS, but my parents' house was done preventatively due to my mother's poor health and cognative issues.The other reviews here state this pretty well.  Eliminating scorpions from your houe is a process, and it does not happen in 5 minutes, despite what other exterminators may tell you.  If you have an established scorpion population in your house, you will need to become an active participant in eliminating that population if you really want it to go away.  Sealing the house needs to be The SOS team really helps you get on that path.  Although on paper the primary service they provide is sealing your house to prevent scorpions coming in, I believe what they provide that is just as valuable during that time and going forward after that is education about the problem and how to deal with it.  They are always available (usually by email more than anythign as they have many customers now) but always respond with very good guidance on how to address particular issues post house-sealing.... when to spray, how to spray (who to have spray if you wish to hire out), habitat reduction, etc.We have elected to do our own pest control at all three houses and have taken significant existent populations at both our personal residence and rental and taken them basically to zero with the occasional invader on the perimeter walls.  We are at the point now where we don't have to spend much time on this, and the counts still remain very low at all properties.  A HUGE chunk of that was the education provided by the SOS team.Thanks so much for helping making my family, parents, and renters safe!
5	We moved into our home last September and were horrified to discover that we had a pretty significant scorpion problem (found about 50 of them outside in the first couple nights).  I started doing some research on line and found Seal Out Scorpions.  Most places would not take the time to explain their procedures but Georgia was different.  She has obviously done significant research on scorpions as well as having knowledge on how to safely seal a home without causing ventilation problems, etc.  I was very impressed with this company's knowledge of both home construction and pest control.They were able to come seal my home as well as another house that I rent out.  They have been extremely responsive and have returned to the rental at no charge when the tenant found another scorpion inside the home (we discovered she was not following Georgia's advice regarding spraying regularly and with 4 children & 3 pets, there may have been some open doors).In any case, the support I have received from Georgia not only for my own home, but the time she has spent calming down a hysterical tenant has been beyond compare.  I recommend them to everyone!!
5	We have lived in our home in Gilbert for three years and had 5-10 scorpions in our home each spring/summer. After 2 years of failed attempts at finding a pest control company to resolve the issue, we finally called Seal Out Scorpions. It seems like this company really understands scorpions and their behaviors and has a comprehensive strategy for dealing with them. I have high hopes that our problem will be solved.We have completed the initial internal sealing, and are following up with external sealing, landscape changes, repellents, targeted pest control service, and some "hunting" assignments.The interior sealing was done in about 6 hours with a 2 man crew. They were both very nice. The actual sealing on the interior is practically invisible so it doesn't change any aesthetics in the home.In addition, I have sent several follow up emails to ask questions and get guidance and have gotten quick responses for all my questions. Their customer service is great.So far, my experience has been great. I would recommend them highly to anyone having scorpion issues!
5	We had our home sealed last November by SOS. Their service is outstanding. They took the time to answer every question we had as we were researching sealing our home. We interviewed several other companies and it was obvious that Georgia, Bill and Mike are experts in scorpion control. We are in a new home that we thought was sealed properly but we were wrong. Our home backs up to a wash, with the new construction just finishing up in our neighborhood, and we still have not had one scorpion or even a bug inside our home since the sealing! After the sealing, they walk around the outside of your home with you and make recommendations for clearing areas of your hard where scorpions might like to hide out.  We also follow their recommendation for monthly pest control.This is a great local company that really takes pride in helping people protect their homes from scorpions and their sanity!!
