5	I came in today to check out the new Vape shop in my area, I was met by friendly and knowledgeable staff. The store itself is gorgeous, they have a wide variety of vape juice, some I haven't tried or seen before, great price on starter kits most inexpensive I've ever found but still good quality, and wide variety of other hardware. I'll definitely come back again.
5	Nicest shop ive seen in the valley, great selection of juice and hardware, friendly staff.
5	stopped by to get some new tanks, and was glad I did.  they had a huge selection at the least expensive prices i've seen in the valley.  The only thing more impressive than the shop and choices, was the incredibly knowledgeable girl behind the counter.  Stephanie took the time to find out what i needed, explained all of my options and then helped me decide on what would work best for me.  She knew everything!! She offered to let me try some of the juice that they had, with no pressure to buy any. That kind of service, selection and low prices is why I'll go back whenever I need anything Vape!
5	The products at this shop are great. The prices are some of the lowest in the valley and they only stick quality items. Staff is friendly and knowledgable. Added bonus...comfy couches and a flat screen to chill and enjoy your vape. The shop just has an amazing vibe.
5	I have been vaping for around 2 years now, and in just the past few weeks this has become my go-to shop. Even when I am not looking to buy anything, I stop by just to hang out with the excellent staff. Kris is usually there when I go, and he really knows his stuff. He got me hooked up with an excellent high end mod. Whenever I have any questions or even just want to try some juice, the staff will do everything they can for me. (They even let me drip the juice so I can have a better idea of what the flavor is). The  low prices, along with the excellent service (I haven't had any issues with any hardware, but I  have seen people that have, and it is fixed to their satisfaction immediately) make it the best value in the valley. Any time I feel the desire for a new mod, new juice, a new dripper, etc. I always stop here. I know they will get me top quality hardware at the lowest possible price (Some of the prices make me wonder how they even make a profit). I would recommend this place to anyone! Even brought a first time vaper in to get hooked up with his first set-up. Please stop by and check it out.
5	I'm not a local so I was looking for a place to buy some good liquids. This place had what I wanted, 5 pawns. Oh yeah...and some of the best staff to go along with it. Super nice, super helpful, and easy to talk to. Ran into a guy named Drew who have me a contact for some exclusive liquids that I will fully enjoy. Mods, tips, and attys up the ying-yang!! Go there and enjoy!!
