5	Mmmm hmmmm shopping. Shoppity shop shop shopping sometimes gets me into trouble. And I like nice clothes. And shoes. And bags. So, what's a savvy shopper to do when she a) wants the good stuff but b) has limited funds to acquire said stuffs? She goes to Monarch.Yes, ladies, Monarch, the new stunning consignment boutique, is chock full of carefully cared for designer goods. You'll find uber nice brands like Milly, Alice & Olivia, Paige, Three Dots, Kate Spade, Lela Rose, and oh so much more. And hey, you like shoes? Go here. Now. I about crapped my pants when I saw a *stunning* pair of hardly worn Pour La Victoire boots. But I held back, they weren't my size. Maybe they're your size? In that case, you should go buy them.Plus, you can consign your sweet little garments of wonder. While I don't have any Lanvin or Matthew Williamson to offer, I did bring by a few pairs of high end jeans and a handful of cocktail dresses, much to my husband's delight. But let's be honest, those funds are probably going to be "recycled" back into Monarch. Reduce, reuse, recycle, right?! So, yes, fly on over to Monarch for the awesome clothes, shoes, bag & accessories but also to chat with Cindy & Stephanie - two exceptionally lovely and kind ladies who know their stuff.
5	Fantastic! I loved this place. It is super cute, well organized and had some great stuff for great prices! Very  trendy and current clothes, jeans, and purses. I will be back for sure.
5	POPROCK LOVE and I almost got lost in here last week and I though a handbag was a cool looking fur hat.  I'm not making a joke!  The ladies working here handled me real well and that is not easy though they made it look easy!  Everyone is very friendly and helpful!This place has some cool styles for the ladies and if I had a girlfriend I would hope she would have this kind of style (I guess she probably would).
5	I don't like publicly sharing my check ins here. I almost don't want to write this review for fear other fantastic females will flock to this shop and scoop up all the goodies I want. Sneaky Scandalous Sharona is what you'll think/say when reading that. I know. I'm not apologizing.This consignment store is chic, incredibly organized and laid out, conveniently located on East Blvd across from the Harris Teeter and Just Fresh lot, and has friggin' fabulous clothing, accessories, shoes...I mean pretty much all accoutrement I seek. The staff is always upbeat, smiley, willing to help, and obviously into what they're doing and selling: frugal-ish upscale fashion. LOVE!
4	This shop is absolutely adorable, inside and out.  Their clothing selection is great, with a wide variety of styles and prices.  Most things are in excellent condition- and several items are brand new with tags.  I did have the small misfortune of reaching into a pocket of a jacket to discover a used tissue (gross).  However, since the pieces are all consigned items, this is really not all that surprising to me.  Some people may not wash their items prior to consigning, and this would be an easy thing to miss for someone checking the jacket in.  The employees (owners?) were super friendly and helpful.
5	There is was.  Glowing cream metallic linen with some bizarre flower and clover pop-art designs and slash pockets.  It was so strange and unlike anything I usually seen.  I had to have it.  This Chloe dress, which probably retailed at LEAST $500 if not way more...was selling at Summerbird consignment in Charlotte for $150!  Seriously?  I was having heart palpitations. I really enjoyed my experience at Summerbird.  The owner is super high-energy, and the boutique is cozy but packed with excellently edited finds.  While I was there, a woman bought a $2000 denim Louis Vuitton handbag, for, I'm not kidding about $300.  The thing was authentic too (no fakes here.) The shopgirls are super friendly, and there's no pressure to buy anything. No pretension, just lots of great finds, and designers, like Trina Turk, Milly, Marc Jacobs, DVF, and more.  I'm adding this to my CLT shop rotation! PS:  A PRISTINE Versace mini hobo was marked $200. Go now! http://bit.ly/16KFMe4 for pics!
5	My favorite consignment store in all of Charlotte! Cindy is amazingly awesome, but beware, she is one good saleswoman!  She can sell you your own shirt off your own back, she's that good.  They always have a great selection of clothing, though it's a little bit pricer, she's great about putting things on sale for a decent price.  She also has pop-up shops from time to time, so those are always fun to check out!  If you're a thrift shopper and love designer brands, you definitely have to stop by!
