5	Fantastic tanning salon. I feel like my monthly membership is totally worth the price. Love this place!
5	I like this place way better than Sunset Tan. I was referred here by a few guys I know who work in one of the shows (and whose tans are always perfect) and decided to try out the custom airbrush tan. It was perfectly even, the smell didn't make me want to vomit, and it lasted a while and when it faded, it faded evenly. Will be back here when I'm ready for summer!
5	The spray tan by Debbie is the BEST! I get lots of compliments and it looks very natural. Debbie is fantastic and makes you feel completely comfortable. I have tried other spray tan places including doing it myself at home and Bronzed is by far the easiest and most amazing looking spray tan.
1	After reading the awesome reviews, I went here for my very first airbrush tan.  I went to the facility on Durango in the Southwest part of town.  The people here were great and the facility was very nice.... I would go there to tan in the beds any day. BUT.....don't ever go for the airbrush tanning.  I went here the day before a date and the next morning the color was soooooo streaky and uneven that I went into the shower immediately and started scrubbing it off as much as possible.  It was HORRIBLE!  I had a dark streak right down the center of my chest and my back was very uneven. I had dark areas around my ankles as well.....It looked horrible. There would be NO WAY that I would ever be able to wear a bikini and not know that I had a very bad airbrush tan.  Did not look natural at all.   I would never airbrush with them again.   With that in mind....I think I'll stick to the tanning beds.
5	Great staff! Worth driving across town for!
4	Fantastic customer service. Great price. Cute shop :) Spray tan well done!
1	I have been tanning at Bronzed for some months because they are right up the road which is very convenient for me.  I will say, I will never go there again and make a longer trip to Palm beach tan which is cheaper and friendlier the owner lady is so rued and lies about the beds being taken so she can close and not wait for you to get out of the bed. Every time I go in she always has a rued comment to say aren't you sick of tanning yet, don't you spray tan to much, the beds are taken, etc... like I am your money I pay you 119.00 a month to tan so it shouldn't matter how much I tan with you.  So, after all I can take of her I am taking my money elsewhere I will say the male owner is super cool and nice only if the lady owner was the same.
2	I wanted to like this place because it's close to my house and the owner was nice but my tan was really streaky the next day.
5	I've been going here for a year! I have never had to wait longer then 2 minutes and the staff is friendly and very clean tanning beds. I highly recommend this tanning salon.
5	Went here after a friend recommended. I am half Filipino but I am cursed with some naturally pale skin. I needed a quick fix for a formal party in which I was to wear a strappy dress. Debbie definitely didn't disappoint. It was extremely awkward to get naked in front of a woman with a spray gun but Debbie made me feel at ease instantly. She is a perfectionist and made sure to get those hard to reach places so I looked perfectly, naturally tanned. I got so many compliments and when I told everyone it was not natural, there was much misbelief. Obviously, follow the instructions of Debbie to ensure your tan lasts. She even offered to do touch ups if I had problems which I didn't.
3	I love their beds, but $45 for a airbrush tan in salon is ridiculous. I can have it done in my home by 'sin city tans' for way less. Prices on beds are great, monthly memberships are the way to go. No CC needed. Wish they had more locations, I no longer live in their area.
5	First time tanning here and I loved it! The level 5 bed is amazing. The price for unlimited tanning are good too for the types of beds they are. I love the fact that there is no start up fee and no  contract fees or cancelation fees it is just month to month as you go. They have a huge variety of options as far as tanning and lotions!! Got my monthly membership!
5	It was my first time using a tanning booth since I usually just get spray tans every so often but I got the 30 day unlimited and could not be happier with the first session. Whitney was super helpful and nice and the overall shop was super cute! Once my 30 days is up I'm sure I'll get another 30 days.
5	Great place. The owner does the spray tans and she is super sweet. She does an awesome job and knows her stuff.
5	I won't go anywhere else. Family owned, friendly, super clean. They take great care of their beds. I'm always greeted with a smile. When I signed up they were perfect at explaining the levels and helped me pick the perfect package. Very reasonably priced. Love the look of the store too!
5	If you're looking for an amazing spray tan, Debbie will rock your world!  She's an absolute perfectionist and her tans are always golden, never orange...not to mention, mine have lasted for almost 7 days!  Bronzed has fantastic beds that have all the bells and whistles in terms of design features.  The entire salon is always spotless and pristine!  I would highly recommend Bronzed to anyone looking for a fool-proof and gorgeously golden tan in Las Vegas!
5	I love that place! I started going there when I moved to Spring Valley area and I fell in love with it! It's clean, warm and inviting and the staff is super nice! I still have sessions somewhere else but I prefer going there for the whole overall experience! I highly recommend that place! I give it 5 stars on all front!
