5	The carpet in one of the rooms of my old house looked awful after an occupant with a big dog (and who wasn't all that cleanly herself) moved out.  My girlfriend called a few places and ended up going with Kiwi since they not only offered a low price, but they have a good guarantee and an awesome loyalty program.After the first call, Kiwi will return anytime and lower some of the fees.  They did an awesome job, and the carpet in the room looked as good as new.  So when we moved out, we had Kiwi come back to touch up that room, and clean up the rest.  All of the carpets looked great.
3	Please read the entire review -Initially I gave One Star, but after the Customer Service contacted me, I have decided on Three Stars. If this was based on actual carpet cleaning I would have given 4 stars, but since this is an over all review - I am feeling generous with 1 star evaluating the service and product as a whole.I would not recommend Kiwi Carpet Cleaning Services, if you value your home. Although the carpets were cleaned properly - I now have to sand and repaint my base boards due to the black scuffs and scraps they left behind. Although much more expensive, I chose Kiwi because they pride themselves on service. The service received was less than average. I received a call back almost two weeks after I completed the evaluation on their services only to be told they were sorry. When asking for a refund, I was told they do not offer refunds, but would do my warranty cleaning for free if I had the cleaning scheduled within the 365 day time frame because they want to keep me as a customer.I am sure with a little research you will find a better and more cost effective carpet cleaning service.CONCLUSION:A very honorable Customer Service Representative contacted me, and has offered a 50% refund, as well as, the warranty cleaning without expiration upon receipt of pictures of the damage. Although I have repairs to do in my home, Kiwi did put forth their best effort to keep me as a customer.
1	This was the most HORRIBLE floor cleaning I have ever seen!!!!! We took before and after pictures and cannot tell the difference at all! The guy was not friendly and just wanted our money even though he did not do his job! I would NEVER recommend this company to anyone. We paid $1000 and got $20 worth of service. I mopped the floor the day after the cleaning guy was here and got a lot of the "staining as he would say" off easily. I have included a picture that we wrote in the floor with a paper towel after the cleaning....can you read the saying? That is exctaly how we felt after the service. REALLY?!?!?
5	I first used kiwi July 2012 when my roommate was moving out and our carpets needed to be cleaned before the my new tenant moved in. They started out filthy and looked brand new after kiwi. They have a 1 year warranty so over the year we had the carpets cleaned about 4 times at very minimal cost (I think it's around $28 to have them come out + $4/room or staircase). Now my lease is up at the end of this July and I had to get them cleaned a final time before moving out. I wanted them cleaned about a week past my 1 year warranty date and I spoke with a rep who said it would be no problem to extend it by a week. Great service, great price. Highly recommended!
4	I am looking forward to Kiwi coming out to do 4 rooms of carpet at my house.  I've had their service before and they got some tough stains out that I thought would be there forever!  They also get the carpet mostly dry and then rake it - which looks great!
1	After waiting several days for an appointment, which was made for the 5-7 pm hour (it's the last one of the day so if you're a 9-5'er be prepared to have to leave work early) I rushed home as to be on time for the service call. At 5:44, 45 minutes after they were to be there, I received a call saying they were not able to find a technician to come to my home. They wanted to reschedule. I told them to forget it, thanks for wasting the last hour of my work day in addition to 45 minutes waiting around for you not to show. No second chance here. One star is too many.
1	I rarely rate any company so low.  And I really debated this one.  I was looking for a move out carpet cleaning service and based on reviews I called Kiwi.  The person I dealt with on the phone was extremely friendly and I got a good deal on the cleaning service.  They scheduled between 3 and 5.  5 O'clock rolled around, no one showed up.  Now I understand things happen people get stuck in traffic, etc.  I waited until 5:30 and called their number, turns out the technician had "vehicle troubles" and no other technicians were available. Okay, I understand things happen.  What I don't like is that they didn't call me sooner.  That is completely unprofessional.
5	I would like to recommend Kiwi for carpet cleaning. Excellent service, work, and follow up.
5	I recently moved into my new home and the carpet was just awful!!  I was actually considering just replacing it all together but a friend suggested that I try a professional cleaning before I went to the extreme.  I'm really glad I took her advice because WOW what a difference... they look GREAT!!  The technician was very friendly and he took his time to do a thorough job!! I always appreciate friendly professional service and I am very pleased with the service I received from Kiwi!!
1	This company doesn't even deserve a whole star. I had been looking for a decent area rug cleaning service for a few weeks before I found Kiwi Services. Their prices seemed reasonable and the reviews were good so I decided to give them a try. They came and picked up my rug and delivered it back wrapped in plastic after almost a month. Due to remodeling, I was unable to unwrap the rug right away. After the remodeling was completed I was finally able to set my rug out. I unwrapped it and to my immense surprise the rug had basically never been cleaned, and what's more, it smelled like it had been wet and didn't dry completely before they wrapped it. Infuriated I called Kiwi Services back and they offered to re-do the service free of charge. Two weeks later I got my rug delivered in the EXACT SAME state as it had been picked up. After calling to complain they did not offer any explanation or apology but merely said they could refund $75.00 of the $150.00+ that I spent in the first place. Never again will I use this horrendous service.
3	I will say that customer service is very dedicated to customer satisfaction. They pursued a chance to redo a problem I complained about. Even though the techs had a problem keeping appointments twice - we made it through to the finish.  The end result is that I am happy with the re-do of our carpets.
