1	So a drunkard runs into my car while I'm at a stop sign and takes out my left fender, door and rocker panel.  Geico recommends this place to have it fixed.  This is because they have an adjuster on-site, but they assure me that the mechanics are first-rate and all work is guaranteed.  This last part about the guarantee... thank God for that.Now I drive a Mazda RX8 that I searched all over the place for until I got exactly the year/color/options I wanted.  I love the thing.  I have no kids and am not married, so this car is my pet, my child, my wife... you get the idea.  Lots of us love our cars, and I made a point to tell the insurance adjuster, the service writer and even the general manager of Gerber that I didn't care how long it took - I wanted this car repaired right.  I warned them that I would be looking it over with a fine-tooth comb.  They even introduced me to a girl they called their "quality assurance specialist" and assured me that she and the insurance adjuster would look the car over before releasing it to me.  At the time I didn't see that the "quality assurance specialist" was holing a white cane with a red tip, but I might have missed it.Two weeks later (a week longer than originally told, but I didn't care about time) I picked up the car.  From 10 feet away I could see that the fender was not lined up properly with the door, and they took it in back and adjusted it.  I briefly looked over the car and noticed a bubble in the stone guard in front of the rear wheel, a very small chip in the paint on the top of the door, and a huge & extremely noticeable drip of paint along the trailing edge of the door.  Unacceptable.  The service writer promised to order the stone guard and call me when it was in, at which point I could bring the car back and they could fix the work.  Okay - I guess that'll have to do.  I took the car off the lot, drove 1/2 mile down the street, then drove it right back.  The steering wheel was off-center.  Now that's real common after doing an alignment on a car (which they did to mine) and should have been checked.  It certainly should have been noticed on a test drive.  Did they even test drive it?  Maybe their idea of a test-drive is a joy ride, 'cause there were a few more miles on it, but nobody noticed a steering wheel that had to be held 1/4" to the right of center to get the car to go straight.  After listening to me gripe about the absurdity of not checking this, they took the car in back (again) and centered the steering wheel while I waited.  Got the car...again... and off I went.Gotta make this shorter, so here's the abridged version:  Nighttime comes and I notice that one of my headlights is pointing up in the air - the one they removed to install the fender.  I get on my stomach and see overspray all along the side frame rail and the inside of the rear wheel well.  The plastic liner of the front wheel well was hit with a sander and scratched, but not replaced.  Below the drip on the door about an inch from the bottom is a 1" piece of lint that can be seen but not felt because it's UNDER the clearcoat.  Worst - the look and feel of the repaired rocker panel on the LH side of the car is completely different than the factory finished panel on the RH side.  Lines are wrong, texture is too rough - it's freaking awful.  Literally every panel and part they touched had been screwed up in some way.  Nobody checked the work before calling me to pick up the car (unless they were blind) and it is now painfully obvious that nobody who worked on the car or oversaw it's progress cared at all about the quality of work being done.  It was so bad, I wouldn't have been surprised to see Alan Funt II meet me when I took the car back to tell me that they screwed the car up on purpose because I was on some new version of Candid Camera.  Unfortunately, that didn't happen.Instead, they never called me to tell me the stone guard was in, likely because they never ordered it.  I returned to the shop the following Thursday and went absolutely ballistic.  It was not pretty.  I NEVER do this, but the more shoddy work I pointed out, the madder I got.  I refused to let them touch the car again and instead took it to a real body shop.  It took nearly $1,500 to fix everything Gerber screwed up.Gerber paid the estimate from the other body shop - honoring their guarantee and satisfying me.  I was not going to even write this review - I was just glad my baby was back.  Problem was, the other body shop found that Gerber had broken a clip on a door molding and - rather than ordering a new molding and fixing it right - they just glued the old one back on.  That put the price tag $39.00 more than what Gerber wrote the check for to the new body shop.  I paid it, took the bill to the GM at Gerber, and he gave me some crap about his boys never gluing anything.  Said he'd pay but never did, so I had to go to Geico to get my $39.00.  What a jerk.Worst body shop on the planet, period.
1	I took my car here on the recommendation of my insurance company, I dropped my car off for a simple bumper repair. They told me it would take three days to complete, I said fine.. take your time. Well, five days later I call to find out what is going on. They told me they had called and left a message... they called the number from my insurance paperwork which was out of date. Why not use the number I wrote on YOUR paperwork??I picked up my car the next day and noticed when I got home that the paint was bubbling. I took it back and they said they were busy the next two days, fine with me but I think I should have been priority considering THEY gave me back my car when it was not ready or their shotty work failed. I was told to bring my car back and they would repair it again. Another two days go by (after being told it would be ready the next day at 10am) and I finally pick up my car. Not only does the paint look like its starting the bubble again but there is a hole in my carpet driver area!! I am not 100% sure this was their fault as the carpet was worn but I know there was not a hole from ripping the carpet. I was told the bubbling is not actually bubbling and they will fix it again if it is. How many times is it going to take??Overall, I was not pleased with the experience or the work done on my car. I will give them a star for helping me try to get my money reimbursed from the other insurance company since mine (Liberty Mutual) left me hanging since the repairs were less than my deductible.
4	I must of had a totally different experience from the previous people that reviewed this place. I brought a high end car here on the advice of Geico to have it inspected for damage. The Geico rep was on site at the scheduled time and advised me the cost etc to have the car fixed, I inquired if Gerber was capable of fixing expensive cars correctly and he assured me they could. Overall I had a great experience with them and so far the quality of the work looks factory and I can't see a single flaw. They also have a enterprise on site so having a rental car, insurance rep, and body shop in the same office made life easy. I took 1 star off because they took a day later then they said to fix the car but they did call so kudos there. I even went in there to pick up the car with my defenses up because I was worried they had to have screwed something up but I was pleasantly surprised, I mean hell they even washed the car and vacuumed and wiped down the interior. I even made a mental note of the cars mileage when I dropped it off and it had less then a mile difference when picked it up so they could not possibly have left the parking lot. I will go back next time I decide to crash my car.
1	I was rear ended at a red light by another driver, and had my repairs estimated at Gerber Collision to be $1,755.04. I was working through Liberty Mutual, the other driver's insurance company. The car was deemed repairable, so I put it in the shop to get fixed. 6 days later, I get a call from Liberty Mutual, saying the just talked to Gerber Collision, and they added a supplement of $3,589.44 bringing the total to an eye watering $5,344.48. This is a '96 Saturn involved in a fender bender that damaged the trunk, rear bumper, and the right and left rear fenders. So I go down to Gerber to find out what could possibly be that expensive from this minor accident. I am walked out to my car to look at damage that is under the body panels. The estimator shows me crumple damage to the underbody on the left side behind where the bumper was. The only problem is that is not where the vehicle was hit, and its clear from the photos there was no damage to that area. The other car went up over the rear bumper and into the trunk, and never struck the bumper itself, because she was on the gas when she hit me. I showed the estimator at Gerber the photos, showing CONCLUSIVELY that this damage was obviously from a previous owner who had the outer body fixed over it, and that it wasn't part of this accident. It certainly shouldn't be included in the cost to bring the vehicle back to the condition it was in prior to this recent fender bender. She had already submitted the information to the insurance company as if it was part of this collision repair, even though it clearly wasn't. Really, Ray Charles could see that it wasn't... It's that obvious. When I asked why obviously inaccurate information was sent to the insurance company,  I get the reply "we write the damage we see." Now I am going through the mess of showing the insurance company that this damage was not part of this accident, all because the estimator at Gerber submitted old damage as new damage. Even with photos showing that area was absolutely free of any damage in this collision.  If you have any sense, stay away from this shop. They are far from professional, and its just a headache waiting to happen.
1	A month ago I took my car in for a hit and run repair after a friend reassured me that this shop was decent. My insurance company recommended it and the shop originally estimated the repairs to be a three week job.Its been an entire month with minimal communication between the shop and I to the point where I have been calling and having to go through voicemails to speak to anyone. Goes to say I am very upset with the professionalism of this shop that seems to be taking their time based on the fact that they will get paid regardless of how much time I have been waiting now for panel bodywork only. I will definitely not recommend this place for anyone looking to receive their vehicle on the time appointed. Since I still have not received my car I cannot speak about the actuall bodywork but I can say that they have already cost me more money, time and effort than any other business has before. One more thing, today is christmas eve, the shop told me the car would be ready today, today I have received no calls whatsoever in regards to my car and when I went down to the place I found no one there, they must have closed early...thanks for letting me know Gerber. I will update this review once I receive my car which may go over into the next year from the looks of it.
3	After my last review I am glad to report that I received my car the following Friday.  Although I was kept in the dark in regards to process the end result really did come out flawless. Fitment, pearlescent paint-matching and bodywork all came out great. At the end of the day the work came out great and I am glad with my car and the satisfaction the staff gave me.
4	I will NEVER go here again. I was re-ended by someone who had Hartford ins and i had to take my car here for an estimate but was told i could take my car elsewhere as long as they could match the very low price that Gerber had estimated (should have been my first clue). The people there were nice, the repair staff incompetent. They did a so so job on fixing my car but put 2 new visible bumper clips and 2 USED clips. It was very obvious. This was a new bumper for petes sake! Then last weekend i opened my hood to check my fluid levels and guess what.....my front end was missing 2 bumper clips! Are you freaking kidding me?? What jerks! You remove and DON'T replace 2 clips out of 4 from my front bumper and don' t bother to tell me or order replacements like you should have. SHAME ON GERBER!!! I will never be back and will discourage anyone I can from using you.4-2-2014 UpdateAfter posting this i was contacted by the GM. He read this and was upset that i had such a problem. It was unacceptable to him. He wanted to use this as a training experience, so i brought my car back to let him fix it and show his employees that doing these types of things is not a good business decision and would not be tolerated.  I have to say that i was impressed by his genuine concern and i know that the offending employee was dealt with. I am changing my review because i really think this will not happen again, to anyone. My car looks good.Thank you N for caring!
1	I will NEVER recommend this place!! Avoid it like the plague! I would give it no stars if I could. I was rearended at a stop light, and was recommended this place from Geico. Something told me to stick with the dealership. Yet, his insurance company insured me that they had an estimator on duty and well trained mechanics blah blah blah. So as I drop my vehicle off for repairs , I was informed that the job will be complete with in 24hrs. I get all the way home and noticed I forgot to take my laptop out of the backseat. I immediately call and the lady insured me that it's still there and it will be fine..You guessed it!! Not only was it missing from my backseat.. But, so was all my change in the ashtray..along with my airfreshner residue all on my seat. Of course nothing was replaced..Why the hell are you in my car when the repair was my rear bumper ?This place is not honest!!!  And are a bunch of FUCKING thieves!!!!!
5	My daughter rear ended another person and we asked them to consider letting us pay for the repairs out of pocket rather than increase our insurance premium.  They chose Gerber Collision & Glass in Henderson to do the repairs.  We found them to be very accommodating of the situation and fair.  I dealt with Thomas Racioppo who took the time to show me a broken part and understood that we had doubts since he could have really jacked the price up since he knew we were paying out of pocket.  Here's what the owner of the car said, "The repairs were done and we are happy with how they turned out. They were very fair and the amount even came in under the estimate they had quoted. So I am sure you are happy about that. Thanks for taking care of this, it is greatly appreciated."Thank you Gerber staff for being honest and helping both families out!
1	Horrible experience more than once. Gave them a second chance and on another car and same thing. Didn't do work they said they did (alignment).  Did this to my friend as well. Replaced window and tint and the tint was obviously a totally different shade and they said it wasn't. I am not color blind. Like everyone else, my insurance company recommended them. Either they have some hook up going on or they actually are the best available and in that case God help us all getting body work done!
1	My son got his truck towed to Gerber by geico. They winded up having it for over a week when all they had to do was check the gas tank.  They were told not to take the bed of the truck off because you can just go under and undo a few screws and drop the gas tank,  it was only a thirty minutes job.  My son even offered to do it for them.  When all was said and done they told him it was gonna cost over $200 for taking off the truck bed and looking at the gas tank.  They also told him there was a hole in his gas tank.  Which there wasn't and his fuel pump was leaking,  but it was a brand new fuel pump on it.  My son told them  that and they just said "ooh!!!" " they also told my son that his truck wouldn't start that he needed to replace it but since it was a new fuel pump he told them "no!!" so when my son went to go pick up his truck they wouldn't release it to him unless he paid,  even though my son told them not to do the work, so he paid them and put gas in the tank and guess what it started right up.  I  called Gerber and spoke to a Pat,  apparently he and Tariq are rude,  disrespectful,  and don't care about anyone.  They try to rip you off and make you pay for work that hasn't been done or needs to be done.  Someone should really audit them.  I ran into a customer of mine today that said they did the same thing to his neighbor.  So my son has been trying call them to get a refund or something,  since they used the back of his truck for a garbage dump,  left the wires to his taillights just hanging out and not installing them the way the got the truck in the first place.  Don't go to Gerber, Huge rip off.  Hope somebody investigates them before they really take advantage of alot of innocent people.
1	Terrible work.  Driver door rubs.  Hood does not line up. Bumper was loose.   My insurance company gavr me my deductable back. I do not reccomend this place. Very poor work
1	Used my insurance suggestion to use this shop. That was a bad idea. After they fixed my car the first time there was new damage on the rear of my vehicle they said it was already there but I have a picture that they took to prove otherwise. Had to go back 3 times I probably could have returned again but I just gave up they fought me through the whole process. I was told it is my job to tell them everything that was wrong, I put them in the position as expert's to know betterthan me. I would NOT recommend this place  to my worst enemy.
