5	I really like these guys, at this location. Can't speak for others. I went in for an oil change, simple, right? Well, not for me as I just don't care for cars or about them. Anyway, it was a double sawbuck for the oil change (Tbird's don't qualify for the ten buck change). However, the fellow who was doing the work came over to me and said, "Look at this!" With a smile, he said, showing me what looked like mud on the oil cap, "You've got to treat this car better. I'm going to change the oil, but I think you ought to flush the engine." "How much?" I responded. It was another $30 or so and I said go ahead, "Mother." He laughed and looked down at me (I'm several inches shorter) saying, "Now, you bring this car by every three months and I'm going to check the oil -- it's going to be a classic you know." I appreciated not only the good service, but also the friendly, conversational tone. It's just an oil change, after all. A chore, time out of my day. These folks made it pleasant and cheerful. Something, while not rare these days, that I appreciate.
5	It seems increasingly difficult to go get a simple oil change without being sold tons of other unnecessary services. I am happy to say that I have found the perfect spot here at the Lake Mead Meineke. They are to the point, they tell you if something is severely wrong with the car, otherwise, they simply do what you pay for and let you go. During my last visit here I learned that  getting your oil changed once every three months at Meineke signs you up for their roadside service at no additional cost.  I never have to wait long for them to begin working on my car. Add to all this that they are competitively priced and you've got yourself a great deal.
5	Excellent, friendly, honest, and reliable service here. I wholeheartedly recommend this location.My car had serious brake problems that required immediate service. I first went to Pep Boys on Lake Mead, about two blocks away, and was given a total run-around and grossly overblown cost-estimate. As expected, PB had thrown in a bunch of unnecessary parts and services in their estimate to jack up the price, and when I said I would rather opt for their "Silver" or "Bronze" brake package instead of the "Gold" they tried to push on my '03 Hyundai, they said they had none of the parts available for the less expensive packages. I decided to pass on their offer and they made me wait for an hour to get my car back, and didn't even tell me when the car was ready. I had to go to the mechanic myself to get my keys back.Frustrated, I decided to deal with it on another day. But driving east on Lake Mead, I passed this Meineke location and decided to see what they had to say. The assessment of the problem was the same, but they gave me much more reasonable options in their estimate (Meineke estimate: $450; PepBoys estimate: $1500) for the same exact work. They were also incredibly friendly to us and to all other customers I observed in there. There was an older man who was worried about the problems in his car and the assistant manager, William, was very patient and understanding in listening to him and then shook the man's hand and kindly assured him that he would take good care of his car.At this Meineke location, I got my diagnostic, estimate, and repair job in half the time and one-third the potential cost of the rip-off I almost got at Pep Boys. And the problem was perfectly fixed, as well.
4	I am so pleased with the service and value at this location. They explained everything fairly and so that I could understand it. Troy was awesome and I had probably the best service ever (besides my brother who is a mechanic).  The bathroom light was out and there was only one chair that wasn't broken. I will take all of those negatives for a fair mechanic any day!
5	I am new to Las Vegas, pulled in on an impulse for an overdue oil change.  Super quick, nice and gave it to me complementary as a first time customer!!!  I will definitely be back as a repeat customer.
4	I live in the Silverado area, and would drive out here to get service. The staff was great. I brought in a coupon for the best oil change package they offer. They also did free tire rotation, a/c and brake check. It cost me the coupon price, plus a few dollars tax. Every time I use coupons at other garages, somehow the cost comes out to at least double the coupon price. Plus, other garages try to upsell other stuff. These guys at this Meineke location did find a couple minor things that needed to be looked at or fixed. I declined, and they weren't pushy at all. Plus, they were pretty quick.
4	These guys are awesome. Thank you so much for an awesome oil change.just got outa there and it took no time at all.
5	this place is AWESOME. not only did they fix my car really quickly, the job was superb and the guys behind the desk were really friendly, professional, warm and accommodating. i felt like i'd been a customer here for years or they were greeting an old friend. women can get sidelined in places like this, but nope, treated with nothing but respect and courtesy. the price was fair for all the work they did and they added in some coupons to help me out. love them, will definitely go back.
5	This is the way to run a business.  New to town and couldn't be happier with my experience here.  Have been in twice to diagnose problems and have walked out twice without paying a dime.  Will be taking my truck back here for everything.
2	Oil change was done fine until they try to scam me into having my alternator replaced. Thank goodness I got a second opinion from a mechanic friend. My alternator was like new and who knows, maybe they wouldn't even have replaced it. They try to charge me $300 for the part although you can pick it up at Autozone for $180.
1	I had my oil change five months back, so it time to get it changed again.  I decided to go Terrible Herbert @ Rampart and Lake Mead. After pulling my car in, the mechanic  told me the who ever did the oil change before had cross threaded the oil plug and they could not get it out. In a controlled rage I drove to Meineke, I explained the situation to the Mgr. 90 minutes later the problem was solved and I was given $25.00 off the oil change. I still spent more than I expected when I woke this am plus the waste of my time. I give them a quarter Star!I will be getting my car serviced somewhere else, unless they crossed thread this plug too!
1	I've had good service from this shop in the past, so when I brought my car in to check a leaky hose, they informed me that both engine mounts on the right side were broken.  So I agreed to have them replaced. After the repair I headed to work and noticed that the engine sounded louder than normal and the car vibrated a lot more than before the engine mounts were replaced.  I took it back to the shop four days later and told them about the vibration.  They reinspected my car & agreed that there was more vibration. After an hour, the mechanic said he stood by his installation of the new mounts & the vibration must be caused by another broken mount under the engine & I would have to pay ANOTHER $400.  He could of at least recommended having another one of their guys with more experience look at my car to see what was missed.Of course I declined & I'm taking my car to another business to FIX the poor job that Meineke did to my car. If you need a major repair, DON'T TAKE IT TO MEINEKE.  Their warranty means nothing to their employees, only making a sale.
1	Well, where do I begin with this place. this is easily one of the worst establishments I've ever had the displeasure of getting an oil change from. it was my first and last time I will ever be going there. and I'll tell you why. so I had just purchased a new '13 Honda civic and finally put seven thousand miles on it when it had alerted me that I needed an oil change. I had been told that Terribles is the place that everyone usually goes to but I decided to take a chance on another local spot(Meineke).... which I soon would regret. it just so happened that I was taking a trip out to California the day that I got this oil change and at first everything seemed to be going fine until they proceeded to tell me that my car takes synthetic oil and I guess for some reason they didn't have any in the shop and had to order some just for me... which I didn't mind too much because I wasn't in a hurry. so after they had finished everything, it all seemed to have went smoothly, I finished paying them and hit the road to California. on my way out I started to hear a faint clicking noise coming from my car but I had no idea what it was... it seemed like every time I lowered the radio it stopped clicking.. I didn't think much of it at first. so a long 4 hours later I make it to California where someone pulls up beside me and tells me that there's something scraping on the bottom of my car. well it looks like I found my clicking noise. I look under my car to find a metal plate hanging down, which I assume had been scraping the floor ever since I had left Vegas. this did not make me happy. I had to remove this cover or whatever was left of it and once I had gotten back to the Meineke shop and told them what had happened they gave me one of the worst attitudes I've ever dealt  with and if anyone should have been mad it was me... so the owner reluctantly ordered the cover I needed and they had told me to keep the screws for the old one so that they could screw in the new one when it came. so I did. a week or 2 had passed and I never received a call from this place about the order... very unprofessional. I proceeded to go there myself and the owner tells me that he couldn't find my number. but they had the part so I didn't really care as long as it gets put back on. it took about 5 minutes and they told me it was all done and that I was good to go.. but I had realized that they had never asked me for the old screws. which was odd but I just assumed that they had used some new ones. I assumed wrong. it turns out another seven thousand miles later that not only did they not use screws to properly put the part back on, but they used zip ties. really now... zip ties on my car.... I literally had the screws in my glove compartment which Terribles was kind enough to put back on for me and cut off the ridiculous zip ties off. so for future references I recommend that nobody go here and if you do then please double check everything and always get a second opinion. I'm a regular Terribles customer now and I've never had a single problem. they actually have my oil in the shop every time I'm there. that's how it should be.
5	This place is GREAT!!!! The assistant manager Duran, manger Marty and their master mechanic are the VERY BEST! They are very friendly, professional, and explained everything to me in detail and showed me things with my car that needed to be done. They were able to work with me on the price because there were some major car issues/work that needed to be done which I was fully aware of. Definitely a great staff and take care of their customers!
1	I used the oil change services within the last 3 months and found this place absolutely AWFUL.  They were extremely slow and the place was empty.  There was only one other customer and I stood around for almost 20 minutes for assistance/acknowledgement. They didn't even place the sticker on the window for the next oil change. They gave the impression of hating their job and not wanting to be there.  I've decided to drive the extra 6 minutes to firestone on Rocksprings. Its worth it to go somewhere else.
1	We went in for an oil change on day one and there were very dissatisfied customers in there making waiting uncomfortable and ultimately it was taking too long so we left after waiting over an hour, totally okay with that. We decided to come back and try again with another 40min+ wait. (No problem.) We got decided to make things easy on ourselves and brought an extra car and told them to call us when the oil change was done. We get a phone call later saying my car had a broken head gasket and that oil was leaking into my coolant and my radiator took a hit because of it. So we head back to Meineke to assess the problem. They showed us the coolant and yes it was mucked up pretty bad and had a brown color, as opposed to the original dex-cool orange, it was also solidified in parts leading to the radiator. So all together they said we needed an all new head gasket, a flush, and a new radiator. At the time we agreed. They were going to charge us $3000 worth of work on a car valued at roughly that. Our first red flag was the price. I know other mechanics who charge $2500 for the same work. We ultimately decided to take my car home and double check the diagnosis. Sure enough, it took us less than 10min to find out that when coolant is way overdue to be flushed it will turn into a mucky substance. My car is 14 years old and the coolant was unfortunately never changed. If the coolant had oil in it, it would smell and feel like oil. There was NO oil smell or feel present. And as for the radiator, yes, when you open it up all you see is a floating mass that leads you to believe the radiator is done for (we agreed at Meineke, it looked bad), but it takes two seconds to dip your finger in there and remove the mass to find out there is a perfectly clean functioning radiator under there. It cost us roughly $50 to flush the system and replace the coolant ourselves. We also had a friend's mechanics double check the head gaskets and they concluded there was no engine knocking or loss of power felt when driving and that if it were broken my car would be struggling and there would be a presence of white smoke. My cost went from $3000.... to $50. My car is running great and we definitely will never be back. Also, funny side note, the front desk called my husband today to offer us a 30% discount on our service because business is slow. If they can drop the price of this job 30% on a whim, what else are they overcharging everyone on? I'm not sure if they were rushing the process, or if they thought we didn't know a lick about cars? But either way, it's worth a review. I'm assuming they rushed the service and didn't thoroughly diagnose the problem. That mediocrity would have cost us $3000 of unnecessary work. We had three friends, one mechanic and two car enthusiasts, prove them wrong and they still insisted that my husband and our friends were incorrect and the gaskets were cracked. Make sure you know your car well if you decide to take business here. Save yourself some money. I'm not one to write awful reviews and the workers were very polite and I wish I didn't have to write this, but three grand is A LOT of money and I cannot let that go unnoticed.
5	Great customer service. Very professional staff. I came in to get my air conditioner repaired and oil change. I will definitely be coming back and recommending this place.
4	I wanted to thank you for turning away my business, you actually saved me more monies! Thank you so much! You guys really had me pigeonholed and forced me to hit the panic button. Love it when locals support locals. Thank you again!
1	A+ Shysters.  Took my classic, babied, sought-after, MINT condition in because it started chugging at 65 mph. Marty tells me I need a timing belt ($950), Intake Mani ($507) and plugs/wires ($385).  I go see the car and it's making a TERRIBLE NOISE. He runs my credit for 0% financing - thank GOD I was declined.  I asked for my keys  back and they refused my "free diagnostic check" coupon and charged me $90. I took the car to a REAL master mechanic because I knew he was FOS.  Cracked vacuum hose, plugs/wires $200 out the door.  Thanks for vandalizing my car and discriminating against me to scare me into unnecessary repairs.  Can't find an active business license on CC Assessor's page, either.
5	I absolutely love this location! The front desk rep, Duran, has great customer service. He actually listened to my concern and was able to get my vehicle serviced at an affordable rate.
