4	I have lived in Phoenix my entire life, and for some reason I never knew about Lookout Mountain. I guess I had heard the name, and definitely knew the area, but it never occurred to me that there were hiking trails there. It wasn't until my Dad told me about his recent hike up the Summit Trail, that I realized what a hidden gem Lookout Mountain was.The Preserve is a great location for North Phoenix residents who'd like a moderately easy hike that offers a great 360 degree view of the city. You can see skyscrapers from downtown (preferably a better view when the brown cloud isn't so distracting) and even a view of the Cardinal's stadium in Glendale. The hike itself isn't too difficult. It's a quick and steep hike to the top -- only a little more than 1/2 mile, but much easier than Piestewa Peak and definitely easier than Camelback Mnt. The Summit Trail is rocky and not much to see as far as vegetation and scenery, but once you make it to the top, the view is wonderful.  The elevation is about 2,000, which is comparable to the other major mountains in Phoenix. And, if you'd like a more leisurely hike, there are plenty of other trails in the Preserve area to enjoy.Overall, I'd say Lookout Mountain Preserve is another fantastic hiking choice for taking kids, dogs, or visitors to so they can enjoy the weather and scenery that Phoenix offers.
3	I'm guessing Paul McCartney was singing about Lookout Mountain when he serenaded us with, "the long and winding road, that leads me to your summit".  Well, it seems that The Walrus had a flair for exaggeration.  While the path was truly winding, it really wasn't that long.Total time up and back was 29:18.  Pretty easy hike.  This was my first of four mountains, one Saturday in April.
4	This mountain preserve is great for people who love mountain hiking but don't have lots of time. The views are splendid -- even the 16th St. parking lot is high enough in elevation to give you a grand view of the northern part of greater Phoenix and beyond.With no steep elevations to deal with, the circumferential trail (Trail 308) around the mountain offers an easier but longer hike. The summit trail (Trail 150) is much shorter but more challenging because of the relatively steep climb, especially the hundred yards or so beyond the "saddle" between the two highest peaks - a bit daunting for first-timers to the trail.  The summit offers an awesome view of the Greater Phoenix area and the ring of mountain ranges that surrounds it. You'll definitely get a good idea of why we're called "The Valley" and what urban sprawl is from the view.There are several other trails ranging from easy to moderate in this mountain park, some of them leading to minor summits where you can enjoy great views of the Valley and the sunset without having to endure a rough climb.
5	The summit trail has always been one of my favorite hikes in the Phoenix area.  Offering beautiful views of all of the surrounding mountains as well as the skyscrapers of downtown.  It's somewhat challenging, but only takes about 15 minutes to reach the summit.The parking lot south of Greenway on 16th St is relatively small, but no worries about finding a spot to park your car.  The mountain isn't used and abused like it's cousins to the southwest(Camelback, Squaw Peak).  So not only do you not have to fight for a parking spot, you don't have to worry about people getting in your path on the way up or down.  Quite peaceful if you ask me!  I only hope that it stays this way as the Phoenx metro area gets larger and more spread out.
4	Had the pleasure of NormR being a tour guide for this preserve. I would recommend this place for a quick hike anytime.There are plenty of trails to explore and most are easy to follow. The parking is a breeze compared to the more popular hikes around.On a difficulty scale of 1 to 10 I would rate the most challenging of this area at a 4. You should be able to bring anyone along here and have them make it to the top.You'll be rewarded with some very nice views!
4	The gates for Lookout Mountain Preserve will now be open only from 5 am to 7 pm, starting April 5, 2010 (http://static1.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/RnUVZkcNp8XMys8ymKrkGQ/l). But at least they're not closing the preserve, so we can continue to enjoy  this gem of a city mountain park. It's still one of my favorite city mountains for hiking because it remains uncrowded.
5	Little Miss Amy D.  just turned me onto this great trail. What could be better early on a Sunday than a luscious slice of the Phoenix Desert?Lots of space and choices on which way to go.  Beautiful views  on many sides and not tons of people.   For those who don't like rocky trails this tends to be flatter and not real bumpy.  Give it a try ..Call me I 'll meet you there!
4	Short and sweet... sort of. It's not a long hike (0.6 miles) but it's steep (500-foot gain) and several loose rock sections make it slippery, increasing the challenge. The trail is really easy to follow with lots of short switchbacks. Once you get to the saddle the trail becomes a little less obvious as you scale the false summit, working your way to the left. Eventually, the summit will be within sight. You're only seconds away on a straight, flat shot.  The views are probably the best from all the nearby options.
5	I love this spot and hike it at least once a week.  There are lots of different trails and few people.  The views are great, hence the name Lookout Mountain.  There are also good mountain biking trails.  It is a short trail to the summit, but steep.  Depending on the trails you take you can make it short and sweet (20-30minutes) or a few hours.
5	This gem is a great piece of wide open space for North Valley residents or visitors alike. Trails are well marked, the routes are not especially difficult, and there are several points and lookouts in addition to the mainstream summit.  I like to park at the traffic circle edge on the West side of the Park, where Eastbound Coral Gable dead ends & turns South on 12th.  There are no Gates to lock your car in and the homes make it a safe area.
5	Spots like this always get five stars. There is nothing better than a natural work of art. How beautiful and unique are each and every sunset, especially from a perch such as this one. A great vantage point to gaze upon the beauty of Phoenix and the Valley of the Sun!
5	I really enjoyed my hike here!  When we drove up I saw how many trails there were so we really had our work cut out for us.  One of my favorite things when hiking is when there is a lot of looks rocks, it is a great workout.  This mountain had that, is was perfectly steep, and just invigorating.  The scenery is breath taking and makes you really appreciate life.  Hike here for sure.  I am going again.
5	Hint: Park on Coral Gables and start hiking from there, off 7th Street.This is my favorite hike in Phoenix! No crowds and there is always parking. There are several different trails to choose from, so you could go for a quick 20-minute hike or 90 minutes. The climb to the top is pretty fun because you also have to use your hands.I've seen people rock climb here, too, which is cool. I like bouldering when I get the chance.
5	Lookout Mountain Preserve is a fantastic location.  Had I not moved just down the road I never would have known it was here.  It's not one of the hiking hot sports you'll read about in magazines or online.From the bottom it might not look like much but you'll work your legs and maybe even your arms during your adventure.  I've made the trip up 3 times and each time I made it a different way.  There appears to be two main trails and then other unmarked paths that you can take at your own risk.  The journey may remind you of those Choose Your Own Adventure books from the 80s.  The view from the top is amazing.Use caution and bring plenty of water if you intend to venture away from the designated trails.  My second trek ended up longer than expected.  Thankfully I brought along extra water.  Stay safe and watch your footing.  Almost took a spill or two.
4	I agree with all the other reviews. love how it's not crowded at all, love the views, love the location, it's a good workout.  Getting to the top is harder than it looks. First time I went, I totally failed! My out-of-shape butt threw in the towel before getting to the top.  Some parts were hard to follow as I wasn't sure if I was still on the trail, but there are a few different trails to choose from. Parking has never been a problem, and this place is really fun.
5	Lookout mountain is the best hiking workout. If you are just starting out you can hike the circumference around the mountain. The more advanced hikers can go straight up to the top and get a great view of downtown before a nice trail downThe trails are wide and well kept for the most part.Almost never crowded and you can take your dog.
4	We started off hiking towards the main summit, veered a little off course then decided to hike back down and took the side trail to the western summit. That portion of our hike required some climbing up and a lot of crawling down. Note, there are some steep sections along the trails and a lot of loose rock throughout the entire park. The thrill in this hike was not knowing if we were on or off trail at times which I'll say only added to the hike.  Once I made it to the peak of the western summit we continued on to the main summit which was a super easy hike. We reached that summit pretty quickly, sat for a bit, sang a couple songs, took in the view and then hiked back down. Tips: Early morning arrival guaranteed us a great parking spot. The difficulty descriptor reads, strenuous but only a half mile to the summit. I didn't notice any restrooms, a horse trough, volleyball courts or a playground as detailed in the information I printed.  I think the information is outdated but the peaks were definitely located where the map indicated and that's all that mattered to us.
5	Great place for a hike! Like other Yelpers have mentioned, this location is not crowded at all. We actually parked at the park at the end of 18th Street on the south side of the mountain. The trail from there joins the Lookout Mountain trail that loops the mountain. The other parking lot South of Greenway on the north side of the mountain was also pretty empty so you wouldn't have a problem finding parking there either. We chose to do the hike to the top of the mountain which was great but gets really steep at some areas so be prepared. The good thing is it's a short distance to the top. I really enjoyed hiking here because it wasn't too easy and wasn't too difficult. I plan on including this location in my regular hiking schedule.
5	I loved hiking here. It is getting a little more crowded but is still very dog friendly. Parking off Coral Gables is a good idea. Lots of fun little trails to choose from but prepare for possible mishaps. Fun to boulder. The shortest trail is only 1.1 miles but there are plenty of opportunities to add on.
4	There are definitely better hikes and certainly more difficult ones, but there are few that offer the convenience and exceptional vies of the entire valley within 1 mile of the trailhead, and none of the crowds found at camelback or similar hot spots.  Access is super easy, from the 101, Bell Rd or Greenway Pkwy proceed south on 16th St until you are in a parking spot, get out and have fun!  This used to be my daily hike with our lab, now it is a perfect place to challenge myself with a rapid ascent to the peak I guess 1.? miles up and back to the lot, or a solid circumference hike or run 3+ miles, but more often than not it is a leisurely adventure with the kiddos, there are infinite trail options to extend or cut short any hike when the attitudes or little legs start calling it quits.  At the same time the reward of panoramic views with landmarks throughout the valley offer perspective on how much there is to offer here in the desert.  Following a rain the desert comes alive with scrub brush and low hearty grass and makes the trail perfect for hiking, and in the midst of a drought all but high noon hikes have some shade along the walls of the saddle or peaks.Do be careful the upper trails are not greatly marked though it is impossible to get lost you may just end up a few hundred yards out of your way, and the loose train composition equites deliberate steps so be aware of your gate and step lively.We love this trail and hope you do also, please be aware and respect the natural environments we have here, I would hate to see them ruined for future users.
5	Looooved this hike!  Preggo friend wanted to go for a hike but seeing as she's extra delicate right now we didn't want to have to deliver her baby on Camelback so we decided to find something a bit easier.  This one seemed to be a good option plus it was closer to us than some other ones.First of all the parking situation is MUCH better than Camelback.  Even though the lot at the direct base of the trail was full, you can park within about 1/4 mile of it rather than 2 miles down the road.  The hike itself looked to not be too high so perfect for what we were looking for.  Once we got started it was a bit tougher than we originally thought just due to the loose, rocky trail and steep incline but still definitely doable.The view at the top is awesome because you get a 360 of the whole valley and can even see downtown Phoenix in the distance.  We made it up and back down in probably about an hour and that was at a leisurely pace.  I would say this is the perfect trail for people who want a hike that's semi-difficult but not something you dread doing.  We're already planning on doing it again next week!
5	This is a great place to hike.  Many options of hike difficulties..from easy to hard.  Many peaks with great views from all directions.  Plus since its not far from home!!
5	Great hike! I went the hard route for my first ascent and it's burns! Its almost straight up. The view made it worth it. There was no one there either. I like a little company when I hike. Maybe there will be more people this weekend. There's plenty of easy hikes there as well.  See ya  at the top!
1	This was a horrible hike. Very little parking, very crowded, steep hikes, big rocks, mostly creosote bushes, so not much desert beauty. Disappointing.Also, they tell you that you have to pick up your dog poo but do not provide bags. What if you did not know that before hand?
4	Great for a quick hike, the views are amazing. You can continuously climb up over the rocks, and the higher you go, the better the view. I see a lot of families taking this hike together with their kids. Even though part of this climb feels like its a direct incline, my 4.5 pound puppy was able to do it. I'm definitely coming back to this one, especially since its so close to my house! The parking can be difficult, but other reviewers are right, its not as difficult as camelback parking. I also like that is less crowded than camelback.
4	Excellent variety of trails. Easy/moderate climbs to three summits and the circumferential trails are in such good shape I was able to run them.I parked on the street near Coral Gables and 7th Street. Four stars since there are no facilities. Great area though!
5	Hiked during sunset and it was hands down, one of the best views of Arizona I've seen yet. Parking is limited and there are multiple trails to walk. The most "difficult" or steepest one leads to this amazing view. If you plan to hike at sunset, make sure you bring a flashlight! Or else it's kind of creepy on the way down, friend and I basically reenacted a scene from paranormal activity....we survived, but just barely ;)
4	Made my way out here with my dog today..Im a northeast native so Im used to hiking in NY, NJ and PA.Im definitely an outdoor enthusiast and am in PHX for the spring and want to take it all i  while Im here.Now I like shade and trees.. but I knew I wasnt getting that..A windy day and 65 degrees was enough to get me out of the house.I enjoyed this hike for the most part, the views at the peak are very nice..however its far from ideal for your dog. and definitely a dog under 20 pounds.Also not ideal for most kids, its just a very rocky trail, especially going down.Id recommend having hiking shoes, but definitely give this hike a shot!
5	Perfect for the dog & I! There are so many differentTrails that you don't have to always go to theTop. But when you do it's fabulous!!Everyone's friendly and even the out if shaper Can do it!!
5	I love this hike! It is long but you have options, you can take a shorter route or turn around sooner and the views are spectacular. The paths are a bit rough and rocky so I would NOT recommend it for beginners. However kids seem to be the ones running up or down! It can be a bit bust but it's not as bad as camelback mountain.Dog friendly, if you don't want to see a dog, don't go. If you have a small dog though, they could tire out.
5	Went hiking this morning at 5:45am. Got the last spot in the small parking lot. The hike was a pretty decent climb up but was doable. It seriously rained for about 3 minutes while we were on top of the mountain ... I should have bought a lottery ticket that day! Views are great ... bring a camera and water!!
5	small, prison style bathrooms but clean this morning. small parking lot or park on the street.
