4	It was a hot day with great bbq!  With the Yelp discount, admission was reasonable ($6) compared to the original $12 price, and there were a good number of bbq stands to try.  Samples consisted mainly of pulled pork with bbq sauce, although a few stands did sell items such as hot links, rib tip, and brisket samples.  I would have liked to see more stands that sold plates of food rather than samples, for those with a bigger appetite.  Towards the back there were also some stands that had food and home items for sale (e.g., Cutco knives, clothing, salsa, etc.).  It would also have been nice to see more items for sale that were bbq related (aprons, grills, tongs, etc.).  All in all, I'm glad I went!
5	We competed at this event this year (Little Miss BBQ) and we thought the location was absolutely incredible.  This is their 4th BBQ event and the only major issue this time was the heat which is out of their control.  Teams had samples the whole time and the area wasn't cramped like it was over at the Waterfront location.
4	Fun way to spend the day. It's quite a walk from parking to the festival but that's good cause it gives you a chance to burn off the BBQ. There's not a lot of shade so be sure to bring a hat and sunscreen but leave the umbrella at home as security will be making you keep it in your car (they check purses).Almost all samples were 1 ticket ($2). Samples were about two bites worth of food. There are large tent areas that seemed to have space to sit in and get out of the sun.
4	I was hesitant of going because of the location and the fiasco when they hosted the Food Truck.  However I gave it another try and it was worth it.  There were some inconsistencies such as the front said you had to use only tickets to purchase food/drink inside, but this was not the case, in fact most vendors would not take the tickets for anything but a sample.  There was a large tent with a band that you could sit and enjoy some shade.  The parking was much better than the Food truck situation, however you had to park all the way on the other side of the ball park and walk to the front where the BBQ event was but you could just say you were burning calories so you could eat more BBQ.
1	Um, yuck. It was hot as hell, the food was okay and there were drunk people everywhere. No thanks.
3	Some of the BBQ was great!  But some of the lines were so long that getting up to the booth was almost impossible. There were many booths that we didn't try, because we couldn't get near them. Even the lines to get food and drink tickets were long. Not enough volunteers?Food and drink tickets were $2 - and a few places had samples for $2. That's what we were looking for - samples to try as many different  local BBQ places as we could. But many places had only full meals or sandwiches. We could have just gone to a BBQ restaurant anywhere in town and had a nice cool sit-down BBQ meal. But that wasn't the point. The point was to try what AZ has to offer in the way of BBQ. Also, someone needs to tell the vendors that next year they should have a sign up in the back of their tent giving their storefront location. When we tried something we liked, we had to inquire as to where they were located in town. Marketing folks! Marketing! Especially if you want folks to find your restaurant.Also, whomever came up with the idea of stand in this line to order and move over to that line to pick-up must have not been using their noodles. Even fast food joints make you show a receipt or ticket that you have paid. If you were standing in the pick-up line here you got food. No questions asked. Not a good business model . . . even for one day.Is this an annual event? Well, if so, someone needs to work on the logistics before next year.  A lot could be done to make this an event that really shows off the valley BBQ community. It kind of had the feeling of being thrown together at the last minute. Was it?Needed more shade. Needed more places to sit and eat. The band needed shade. This is AZ folks. The sun is hot.Oh, yeah, parking was free and seemed to be very well organized!
3	This is the third year in a row that we have gone to this event. Loved it so much that we made our friends come out from CA to go! It wasn't so great this year! First of all, where was the BBQ competition? There were half the BBQ vendors this year than last year and before! Where were the samples for $2? There were long lines to get full plates which we didn't like. I agree with one of the other reviews about going to this event so you can get a taste of BBQ in the valley! We left very disappointed this time around. Drinks (regular and alcohol) were way too expensive! :(Great Vodka tent! That was a good deal, fun, cool and music! Parking was "free" and easy to get in and out! Ample tents to hide from the sun! Looked like a cool area for the kids to play if you had family going to the event.Overall seemed organized and spread out. Plenty of vendors selling and advertising their business except BBQ vendors. We really talked this up to everybody, but not sure we will go again unless they do another competition to draw the vendors in.The BBQ Festival in Surprise was great last year! Maybe check out the website first to make sure there is going to be plenty of BBQ vendors there. It's worth the drive as long as you have a DD!
2	As a professional Event Planner I felt like I was walking into a County Fair when I arrived at the BBQ Festival. My biggest complaint is that it's very difficult to see why you should pay a $12 entry to get into a BBQ event where you still have to pay $5-10 for food in long lines. The GA basically gets you into a dirt lot with a lot of food vendors and a band stuck back in the corner. It's a BBQ event where my $12 GA doesn't even get me wet naps, hand sanitizer stations, a mister system (as i hear last year was super hot), or much shaded seating. Even the first aid station isn't private or shaded. The cocktails are only $6 which is great. Thank goodness we arrived after 2:00 because I can't imagine how long the food lines must have been at noon! Much of the BBQ is overpriced. One place was charging $30 for a rack of ribs, and they had already run out of their whole menu. So it was a 30 minute wait after placing your order to get food.The vodka tent was $20 for 10 samples. For mid-day in the heat most people should not be sampling 10 different vodkas, that is absurd. And I get it BBQ doesn't need to come with a bunch of bells and whistles. But the price tags should reflect that. For two of us, we had one cocktail each and a LIGHT sampling of food from a small handful of stands. Total cash blown through from the time of arrival- about $75. Ouch.
1	Paid $12 to pass the barriers.  Stood in line for 20 mins to get ID checked for wristband for beer tent.  Stood in line to buy tickets.  Stood in line for 1 BBQ place for 40 mins, paid $10 for a small brisket sandwich, vendor took cash - tickets not needed.  No way to try each BBQ joint w/o standing in 20-30 min lines. Not worth it
2	I love the idea of a BBQ festival and was so excited, but this one wasn't executed well at all. I read the reviews from last year ahead of time and had high hopes that some of the kinks would have been worked out. Not so.I hate the "ticket" system. Stand on one line just to get tickets so you can then stand in another line to get food. The ticket booth outside the gate is the only one that will take a card (lines here were way shorter than the booth inside). Some vendors accept cash but it's not consistent. A ticket is worth $2 and most vendors have the dollar amount and ticket amount listed on their menu, but I did notice one (can't remember the name) that had a sandwich listed as $3 (2 tickets). Seriously...get rid of the ticket system. It's too much of a headache.The kids area was fun, until it got too hot and the inflatables were burning children. An unlimited wristband was $15 or tickets were $1 each. Half way through the day the guys manning the inflatables just kind of gave up and stopped taking tickets or checking wristbands. (To be fair, it might not have been all of them but I did witness about 4 or so doing this).There was no shade, no mister system, crazy long lines...such a disappointment. In hindsight, maybe the $60 VIP ticket would have been a better choice because the amount of money I spent was a waste. Wishing we stuck with our original plans to go to the Four Peaks Fest instead.
3	So freaking hot and limited shade. Bring an umbrella. Wear a hat and comfy shoes bc there are also very few places to sit.The lines for BBQ can be long. Options are $2 "tastes" or full servings for varying amounts of "tickets" that can be purchased from the ticket booth. The drink lines moved quickly and ran very efficiently. They also took tickets.
5	I had a great time at the festival.  I had VIP access and vodka tent.  Food was great, weather was amazing and the band line up was outstanding.  Especially Metal Head.  You guys must have them again next year!  I understand all of the other concerns regarding shade coverage etc.  Is this your first outdoor festival?  Come with sunscreen, a hat and comfortable shoes.  Pretty simple,  I was there from Noon until 9 p.m. and survived just fine.  Whiner complainers can suck it!Can't wait for next year!  Same guys at EaterAZ do the Taco Festival this October 19-20.  Buy tickets early!
5	5th time I've been to an EaterAZ event, and always a pleasure. Reading some of the reviews below, and amazed how unprepared some people can be. Indeed, it is an outdoor festival in AZ - it's not going to be air conditioned! That's part of the charm. Got there early at 12noon, and had no lines whatsoever. A little sunscreen and a decent hat will always keep a shaved head like mine sunburn free. Most important, the food was amazing - the best BBQ in town!
5	I think this year's event was outstanding.  Sure there were lines, but that is to be expected when you have that number of people and that quality of food!  Everything I tried was good to exceptional, they had a great area for kids to play, the Vodka tent opened my eyes to the world of flavored vodka, the bands were good, in fact Metalhead rocked the house Saturday night and put a great ending to the festival.And what can you say about a festival that includes Redneck Games and a Daisy Duke contest?Overall we had a great time and and are confident that the event organizers will continue to improve the event every year.  Can't wait for the next one!
3	5 stars for the food. IT was absolutely amazing! The Sandbar had mac n cheese and it was utterly stellar!As far as event organization....you had way too much open space and not enough shade. It was miserable outside. When I got my tickets I had planned to be there for 90% of the event. I ended up leaving after 3 hours, and that is after practically drowning myself to stay hydrated. Please plan shade better if you are going to have this event so close to summer next time.
1	You pay to get in to pay to get the most expensive samples I have ever bought.. I even got free tickets to this mess and I wouldn't have gone if I would have known it was set up that way.. No thanks!
5	First things first, $20 for 10 tastes of flavored vodka is the best price I've ever seen in Scottsdale.  Better yet, once you bought a wristband you had shade, a DJ and unlimited access all day, worth it.  11am was early to drink vodka but since they stayed open till 5pm, you could spread out the tastes all day. BBQ, for $2 a taste was cool.  We ended up springing for the VIP tent but still got BBQ outside the VIP area because it was so reasonable. The lines were less than I've seen at the Culinary Fest, also one of my favs, the parking was free and biggest plus, we were able to leave our car in the parking area overnight as there was no way we could drive that night. The next day, no ticket!!  Metalhead was a really cool way to end the show. I'll be back..
5	We had a great time!  Can't wait for the Taco Festival October 19-20!
4	After reading the yelp reviews from last year's BBQ festival and talking to some of the people who actually worked in some of the booths, I decided to try it for myself this year.  Here's a breakdown of my visit:+ Parking is free.  They may have charged for it in the past, but it was free this year.  The only downside is that you park in a dirt lot....good thing I have a monthly membership to Clean Freak, which is a few blocks away.+ Rule #1 for attending festivals.....Get. There. Early.  If you want to avoid massive lines, don't go in the middle of the day.  I got there shortly after 11 am and there were no problems getting in.  Conversely, a friend of mine screwed around all morning and didn't get to the festival until 2 pm....by then, it was jam packed and the lines were long....meanwhile, I got to sample all of the BBQ I wanted and was very happy.+ The VIP ticket is worth it.  It was nice to have a VIP area where the booze was free.  The VIP area also had tables and chairs for eating, a covered area to get out of the sun, several BBQ stations surrounding it, so there was easy access to food....it's just a better experience.+ Don't buy your tickets from the ticket booth near the front entrance.  A very long line forms here.  If you go towards the rear of the festival, the lines are shorter.+ My strategy was to go to the vendors with the most popular vendors with the longest lines first, then go to the shorter lines.  It worked just fine.  It would've worked better if my friend arrived on time with me....then we could've tag teamed the lines so that we ordered for each other and cut our wait time in 1/2.+ Put on plenty of sunblock.  Although the event was in the middle of April, there was plenty of sun and you could easily get burned if you don't protect yourself.+ Check out the Redneck Games.  I went over there to watch people play a variety of games that have a "redneck" spin on it....i.e. corn hole, Beer pong, playing horseshoes with toilet seats, lawnmower racing, etc....although I don't know why Beer pong and corn hole are considered redneck?  It was hilarious to watch.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/az-bbq-festival-scottsdale?select=UWYgAyHVCi6HeZ7qEQ2BvQ#UWYgAyHVCi6HeZ7qEQ2BvQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/az-bbq-festival-scottsdale?select=dTXySc9xbYi_ITpuxaAU6g#dTXySc9xbYi_ITpuxaAU6ghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/az-bbq-festival-scottsdale?select=RodxBoepQoWc0XMo1Lzd4Q#RodxBoepQoWc0XMo1Lzd4Qhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/az-bbq-festival-scottsdale?select=eFomOTLmWAahjTituvPjsg#eFomOTLmWAahjTituvPjsg+ As far as the food, it was awesome!  There was a great selection of vendors and BBQ from across the country was well represented.....Memphis, Texas, Carolinas, Kansas City, St Louis, all of the major style of BBQ was in one place....only 1 problem.....my stomach isn't large enough for them all!  Even though I went for the sample sized portions, I could only sample so much....I tried to eat as much as I could and didn't get to 1/2 of the vendors....which means I can't wait until next time!Overall, this event is fun for the family or for the individual.  I am glad I got to experience it for myself.Return Factor - 97%
4	I saw the sign a week ago so I drove all the way from los angeles , got my red neck clothes on and bought my tickets , will report later... so 5 hrs later and 6 beers in I can say It was a fun day though not as cool as rib fest in new Hampshire but cool enough.  The Kansas ribs was the best and honey bee ribs came in 2nd , all other ribs we re ok , great place to come and experience the red neck games , lawn mower racing , toilet seat tossing , daisy Duke contest worth sticking around for, suffice to say I left with a belly of ribs and numbers from local hometown hotties
4	VIP tent was awesome, Brad Perry was good, DJ was okay I guess, could have played more country music or classic rock of the crowd. Barbecue was excellent, all in all a very entertaining event.. Would go back next year ,!? Hope they have a different dj !!
2	The organizers need to go to the Polish fest held every March in Phoenix off Greenway & I-17.  They have tons of tents for shade with over 100 picnic benches beneath.  Large color pictures of the food so you know what you're standing in line for.  If a small church can do this with free admission & parking, I'm pretty sure the casino at Talking Stick has enough money to match them!  Considering they continually put on festivals (taco, food truck, bbq) investing in large tents and picnic benches would be money well spent.I spent over $100 in 2 days at the Polish fest in March and loved every minute of it.  The bbq fest I tried to spend $$$, but the lines were so long and the vendors were out of food by noon (2 hours after opening???) that I ended up leaving and gave tickets to the poor souls in line outside.Come on Talking Stick, get it together.  You've been doing these events nearly monthly for a few years now, surely you can start improving.  Maybe?
