4	The location is very unassuming, but the Chai is AWESOME! I typically hate ginger, but the thai has this great gingery scent and a little bit of the kick. It makes a great beverage meal, as it's incredibly complex and filling. The hummus is rather good too.Fie on the restaurant portion (and minus a star) for the lack of vegetarian friendly options.
5	For those who may remember the original Lowdown Cafe on 24th Street, heads up.  They've relocated. The new space is much more zen then the former strip mall location next to the sketchy 7-Eleven.  Below is my original review of the 24th Street location.  Every single word is still absolutely true. ______________Lowdown offers healthy homemade wraps, salads, and freshly prepared soup.  My favorites are the "Grilled Veggie Wrap" and the "Corridor Princess Salad."  A box lunch will cost you 6 - 8 bucks and comes with your choice of sandwich/wrap, a drink, chips, and a homemade cookie.  And they deliver for free!  Breakfast is pretty good as well.  Apparently, the two gals that own and run this little gem are Silicon Valley burn-outs who left after the big crash.  A little taste of Cali in the Valley.   I highly recommend Lowdown.
3	5 stars for the hot Ginger Chai latte. It serves a sore throat well. Kudos to the chicken soup, too. It was delicious. Mmm Mmm good.Super yuck for the side of veggies that was cold and tasted charred. I took one bit and about gagged. There's plenty of parking behind the place, too, which is a plus when you're trying to beat or compete with the lunch rush. You'll have to walk through the smell of frying fries, thanks to the fast food joint nearby.There wasn't much of a rush when my friend, Kym, and I went around noon, though. It picked up after a bit, though. There's not much atmosphere here. The menu offers salads and wraps, along with coffee and tea. It's a cool spot to check out once. Would I go back? Hrm. Yes, but only for that ginger chai latte. I will definitely be craving that in the future.
3	Meh. The Lowdown Cafe is indeed lowdown...if you want something that looks like your grandma's kitchen where she doles out crotchety commentary while her overworked daughter tries to keep up with her demands and you may or may not actually eat what you ordered, then head on down.To be fair, I think I arrived at the tail end of preparations for a large take-out order, which bogged things down. Even so, I ordered a Garden Pesto Pita, and the younger woman asked me to repeat my order when she finally got around to making it, and then I think she made the Grilled Vegetable Pita regardless. It was mighty tasty (if a bit oily) but there was nary a pesto to be found. Lowdown Cafe takes relaxed to a new level. I'm not such a fan of watching my food being prepared right in front of me if it means I watch Mama Lowdown chop and dice with no gloves and take occasional munches of what's going into my lunch. Ick. Also, one of the customers at the counter (apparently a regular) felt so relaxed that he periodically wandered behind the counter to wash his hands and throw out his trash. Pretty sure that's against code.The Ginger Chai Latte (iced) is very tasty, very gingery. I don't think I'll be back, because there are so many other places I want to try. But if you're in the neighborhood, aren't in a hurry, and aren't picky about what you get to eat, give the place a try.
1	NOT OPEN ON WEEKENDS! If you serve coffee be open on the weekends, please!!I tried to come here twice and they weren't open. Pretty bummed because I was hoping there was a cafe in walking or bike ride distance from my place. Bummer.
4	If you like little joints where the owner will remember your order this place is great! It's the type of place you need to experience a few times before you know what to expect. The hours change now and again so you always have to keep up with the schedule. If you go between 11 and 12:30 you will be waiting quite awhile for your food and checking out can be confusing or have a bit of a wait time. Not to fear, I take my hour lunch at Lowdown often and have never been late coming back. The food is phenomenal. I am not much of a wrap person but I have never had a bad wrap from this place. I recommend the rosemary chicken. Rebecca J's review mentions the relaxed atmosphere. While she finds some of the relaxed behavior odd, I think it is quaint and charming.
5	What else do you want from a couple of gals just trying to provide a service? Wait you want them to be nice??  No way.You know what my favorite thing about Low Down Cafe is.  They just are themselves.  They want to be a little grumpy, fine.  They are going to be a little grumpy.  If they want to continually make fun of a friend I go with, they will.  I love that.  We aren't here to impress, we are here to get you some food and a laugh.  I feel like I'm back east.The food is great here.  I order a creation called the Chicken Adobo (not found on the menu) which has chicken, avocado, bacon, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce.The delight of the meal comes afterward.  This is probably the best chocolate chip cookie in town.  It's about the size of a hockey puck, and if you are lucky you will be able to get it fresh out of the oven (a little big warm and gooey).I'm a big fan of the Low Down Cafe.  Just don't tell any one about it.  Too many people already know.
5	I loved this place over the years but I believe this place is closed now! There was an available sign in the window a few weeks ago.
