5	I have been looking forward to see how this place was going to look, and I wasn't disappointed. The ethos of the Hanging Bat is about good beer, stripped bare to what is good about it, and that has carried on into the design concept here. The walls have been stripped down to exposed rock, raw wood is everywhere and exposed copper pipes. I really like the design, feel and layout and I love clever touches like the beer tap water taps in the toilets with the keg sinks. Having just opened on the weekend, you can already see that this is going to be a new contender on the Edinburgh Craft Beer scene. The beer line-up is one of the best in town, a mix of quality UK cask, keg and bottle beers and I think most people they will discover new and wonderful beers here. If beer is not your thing, I was eyeing off their Gin selection which looks impressive, including the hipster Coconut and Grapefruit Hoxton Gin, and the cool spanish Gin Mare to name a few.With the opening party going strong last night they were sampling what food will be on offer, and I think this will be the place for the best hotdogs in town. So I need to come back for a full one.Keep an eye on this place, with their ability to show case the best breweries from the UK and abroad as well as their own brew kit! This will be the new hang out for the young beer fans.On a side note, they don't serve pints here. So this is not your typical 'drink some cheap pints of lager' bar. You have the option of 1/3, 1/2 and 2/3 pints. This doesn't bother me as a lot of the beers are on the high ABV scale plus it means trying more beer.
4	Proper beer optionsplenty of room to enjoyDog friendly! a plus
5	*Claps* This place is a new and exciting pub concept.. which is AWESOME! You won't find any of your regular tennants-like beers here, and you won't find any pints either! A risky idea in Scotland!Well... Brauhaus has a major competition now, this place has a MASSIVE beer/ spirits list, and they encourage people to try new beers. How? Well all beers are served in 1/3 pints or 2/3 pints. This way, you can try lots of different ones. I had a couple. One was a pumpkin beer, another one was something along the lines of clown-beer-something. Both were lovely!They also have a deal where, for 10 pounds, you get 5 tokens for 5 1/3 pints as long as they are (7%?) and under. PLUS you get to keep a Hanging Bat branded glass. Saweet! Also worth mentioning the design = awesome (They have these cool brewing areas!), the staff = wicked friendly, The bathrooms = CLEAN AND COOL! (diggin' the beer taps as the water taps!)Cannot wait to come back and try the food. Rumour is that the Hot Dogs are fantastic. (Will get back to you on that one!!) The chef who is starting up the menus and lending a helping hand is the Andy Rees from The Waterside Bistro, a slow food supported restaurant!
5	Bandwagoned entirely. Joy. MFing Joy to the World. That is what this place means to me. If I were to ever have a wedding, I would want it here. Why? Because a million types of beer, comfy (p)leather couches, log cabin-like decor, a fireplace (did I make that up?), and hot dogs sounds like the best wedding ever. Get ready Hanging Bat.
4	An interesting concept executed well is the best way I can describe the Hanging Bat... You will come for the beer, and there is lots of it to choose from however there is a flaw and it starts with how the beer is sold 1/3, 1/2 or 2/3 of a pint for draught (note there is no draught cider) or you can buy a 330, 500 or 750 ML bottle... What you can't buy is a good old fashioned pint and given the bottled options (a UK pint is 568ML) that seems a bit pretentious.The layout (surprisingly) hasn't changed that much from the Mr Modos days, however the finish and decoration is modern and inviting. There is still a fairly large pillar opposite the centre of the bar, which can mean a tight squeeze when the place is busy and you want to get to the bar or the loos.However minor issues aside,  I like beer and the beer here is good, so do check it out even if just for novelty value.
5	Beer Lover. Remotely Intelligent, Good Sense of Humour and Looking for a New Adventure Seeks Well-equipped, Friendly, Cosy Beer Bar that will Blow My Mind and Tickle My Tastebuds, in and around the Edinburgh Area.DONE. I love this place. I love the beer, I love the Hotdogs, I love the staff.You know how you can tell....... I just shamelessly wrote the cringiest, fake, lonely hearts ad as part of my review. That says it all. That is how good this place is.Just. Brilliant.
5	Sublime. Amazing range of beers and hotdogs to die for. I never thought  I'd enjoy a night out at the top end of Lothian Road but it's all going to change from here on in.  Staff were lovely and more than happy to give tasters of the various brews on offer. Has a very laid back vibe and the hours just flew by.
5	I absolutely love this place. As soon as I walked in I knew this was a place I'd be coming back to again and again. The layout makes for a very relaxed atmosphere, even though when I arrived on a Thursday night the place was packed! I went with my friend who is not a huge beer lover like I am, so I was worried she wouldn't enjoy it as much, however this changed when we (being the gin lovers that we are) viewed the gin selection. As a beer AND gin lover, this place is absolute heaven. The bar staff were amazing; the lady who served us multiple times always remembered our order and didn't judge us for ordering something other than beer. The space seems endless in this pub as there's an upstairs and downstairs all viewable from the bar, and there's even a window toward the back to see the reason why The Hanging Bat is a true brew pub. I am definitely coming back here and bringing all my friends.
4	didn't know much about this new bar. I know a lot more now and I like it! 2 floors filled with lounge sofa's and chairs. light wood and pretty new look (no surprise as they just opened) The beers are a world wide selection of microbrews. Cask and Keg. The food is nachos, burgers and hot dogs. Me and my friend took the hot dog and it comes in a baquette kind of bread with loads of sauerkraut, yummy! It is a busy bar on a friday evening just after work..duh! But I see why I want to visit again. Honest beer and food. Spacious and good location (just of the center of town) When in the neighbourhood give them a visit.
5	Beer! And hot dogs! And smoked chicken leg! And GIN! (So much gin).It's only right that my first review of 2013 be a 5 star one of newest beer bar in the Old Town, The Hanging Bat. It opened to a hushed drum roll of anticipation. A coming together of some of Edinburgh's best beer drinkers, from the likes of Brew Dog and Holyrood 9a, as well as a Slow Food chef who had worked in some top restaurants, it had a lot resting on its shoulders / wings (do bats have shoulders? Hmm anyway.)I didn't go for a while after it opened. I wanted to, I really did. But I wanted my first visit to include all it was known for already: beer and gourmet hot dogs.Walking in, I immediately warmed to it. Well, it was warm inside anyway, and smelled of delicious smokey, peaty smokiness. That'll be from all the meat that is smoked inhouse: like the smoked chicken leg, the pulled pork and the hot dogs.It's on three floors as well. Not much room on the floor with the bar, but a wee upstairs balcony provides plenty of sofas and window bar stools, whilst downstairs much the same. The toilets are up the back beyond the kitchen (more smokiness) and a window that shows into their current brewing creation. I know it's been shouted about before, but their toilets are worth mentioning. Half kegs as sinks, and beer taps as water taps! Eep!I don't know a LOT about beer. But I do know what beer I do and don't like. Luckily they have so many you're bound to get something you like. And they have a nice idea of serving 5 different 1/3 pints with tokens so you can try 5 different beers.They do only serve to a maximum of 2/3 pints (never a full pint). I think this is because they believe, in their beer connoisseur imbibing abilities, that after 2/3 of a pint the last 1/3 has gone flat and a bit warm and not as nice. It's true really. People have complained about this but, well, even if it is very 'ooo we know beer' and some people can interpret that as snobby, I think it makes sense.So they've got lots of beer, lots of craft beer, lots of fruit beer, lots of German beer, they've even got a list called 'Unusual Beers' or something. They have 4 different types of meat on their menu, as well as Beer Mac 'n' Cheese and Beer Cake, they've got comfy sofas.  So people can come here and drink beer but not in the traditional Scottish old man boozer type surroundings. They can come here and drink beer accompanied by delicious hot dogs (there's 4 different types, and the one that comes with haggis is brilliant. The haggis itself is some of the best I've tried).I'm not a big beer drinker, but I can see The Hanging Bat changing that. Oh and did I mention the gin? They have around 20 on the menu. Really impressive considering spirits aren't even the first order of the day.
4	i used to think that lothian road was the place to go when you decided you wanted to see the seedier part of edinburgh.  but recently something amazing has happened!  the strip clubs are suddenly surrounded by hip restaurants and bars summoning all the business professionals from the financial district with all the cool edinburgh kids as well!  so the hanging bat beer cafe was definitely a welcome addition to the revitalisation of this bit of edinburgh.i attended for a birthday celebration on a saturday night and could hardly believe how different this place looked from it's previous life.  the bar was all cool red leather couches and wooden tables and a huge bar with a huge menu of beers.  also with two seating areas (on the mezzaine or just below) and a fairly substainal area to stand around the bar although the place was busy it didn't feel overly crowded.the food menu is pretty awesome with a selection of gourmet hot dogs, rolls stuffed with pulled pork or roast beef, and cool sides like beer mac and cheese or kimchi slaw.  while tempted by the hot dogs, i decided to have the beer mac and cheese.  the food is simple but super tasty.  my mac and cheese was cheesy and had a nice kick of spice.  it also went incredibly well with beer which was appropriate given the bar.  i also had a taste of the pulled pork which i did enjoy but found a wee bit too spicy.  the menu was reasonably priced so definitely a good way to get a nice dinner while you're out.and the beer!!!  i'm a beer drinker in that i actually enjoy drinking beer and am always keen to try new types.  so i was very excited to be going here and the beer menu did not disappoint.  they have loads of bottled beers but also a number of taps where you can get 1/3 or 2/3 pints.  my only problem with this was that there was no description for the beers on tap, but thankfully the barstaff where super friendly and helpful and let me sample a few beers based on my taste preference before i ordered one.  this is definitely an awesome place to go for beer lovers and those that want to try different beers but not have to drink a full pint.  the 2/3 and 1/3 glasses are ideal for sampling the menu.  also the food is super tasty and inexpensive and goes perfectly with the many beers on offer!  i've also been told that they have an extensive gin menu but i can't comment on this as i was only sampled the beer.  i definitely look forward to going back here!!
4	Quite a funky place.  Rustic feeling but also slightly edgy.I like the range of beers / ales / bitter by the 1/3rd of a pint.  Also nice to sample the drinks before committing to a glass. There are a couple of cellars that you can view through windows to see the beer barrels which is a nice touch. The food looked good, will need to come back here and try some.
4	I used to go to this when this was uluru, so this was my first time as it now is "the Hanging Bat"!I had a small sip of one of my husband's beers and really liked it.  so i'm figuring I'll go back and sample a proper glass!They also do hotdogs too and i heard it was the thing to try so i chose the Alsatian Hot Dog, which has suarkrut and mustard.  To avoid the filling going up my nose i turned the sausage round so the filling went in ... all very tasty but I needed more mustard!  The mac cheese was nice too but needed something, defo salt and pepper.I will go back and try the pulled pork as it's meant to rock this world!
4	The Hanging Bat is where another bar used to be, but I never visited that one. I've been here though, twice now, and really like the place. They serve beer from anonymous taps, but fortunately there's a blackboard listing the 12 varieties on sale at that given moment, so here goes:1. Bit of a dogleg to get into the place, but it opens up nicely once you're in.2. The bar area has high ceilings, room to breath and you can see what's happening throughout the pub. (Sorry, the 'beer cafe'.)3. It generally doesn't take too long to get served and the staff are plenty knowledgable about the beers they're selling. You can try them out with a particular request and they'll try to come up with something that should fit - not easy when the line up changes by the hour.4. The beers are split between casks (kept at cellar temperature, not pressurised, hand pulled) and kegs (kept chilled from keg to tap, pressurised in the keg thanks to a little CO2, the beer shoots out the tap like a regular lager in your regular pub).5. Beer is served in thirds and two-thirds of a pint. I think the main reasons for this are that it encourages you to try a wider variety, and it reflects the 7%, 8%, 10% nature of what you're drinking. You might end up paying more by volume than you're used to, but you're getting a high standard of product from mostly independent UK breweries.6. There's an upstairs area, a kind of mezzanine. There's a downstairs area, which is under the upstairs area (which is above it).7. The Gents toilets are spacious, clean and have water taps similar to the keg taps - a nice touch.8. I'm told the Ladies toilets are much the same.9. Sadly they wouldn't allow some indoor sparklers to be lit during a festive season night out in there, but that's probably wise.10. I stood at the bar holding a six inch knife in my outstretched hand for around five minutes before any of the bar staff noticed and took it off me.11. The six inch knife was still dripping with Yelp's two year birthday cake, cut to shreds not half an hour earlier.12. I'm told the hot dogs are wonderful, so once I've tried one and can give full appreciation to everything the place has to offer I may just push this review up to a five.The Hanging Bat is a very welcome addition to Edinburgh and I shall return. One day I may ask how and why it got its name, but then I'd have to delete one of the fun facts above to tell you.
5	This is a superb bar attracting people of all ages. They have an amazing selection of beers - some you'll have heard of, many you won't. There is also a huge variety of gin on offer, with a customer next to me sampling one with Grapefruit & Coconut. The customers and staff are a friendly bunch and the staff really know their onions**For onions read Beer & Gin.
5	I generally never go out on Lothian Road as I never thought there were any bars there that interested me but since I heard about this bar I decided I wanted to check it out. I've been there twice now and I really liked the bar, the atmosphere, the staff. I brought some friends with me and they've all been back there since with other people.I like the time and attention that the staff give you helping you to choose your drink and I saw that they gave people samples of beers to try if they were unsure of which one to get. I got to try the hot dog with beetroot which was good and I thought it was good value for money too! I'll definitely go back there again and possibly sample the hot dog with haggis :)
4	I literally work across the road from this bar and although I've walked passed it on a million occasions, it's actually never been on my radar as a 'go-to' lunch or post works drinks venue...until now! Based on the rave reviews of my fellow Yelpers I decided to pop in here for a quick lunch. Mmmmmn...mac & cheese.... pulled pork in a roll...drool.....(think Homer Simpson style). Although I wouldn't (or couldn't!) eat like this every day, I have to say it totally hit the spot. My lunch buddy loved his Steak sandwich, again with a side of mac & cheese, and the variety of 2/3rd pints of beers on offer. The cost was maybe slightly more than we'd normally spend for a quick mid week work lunch, but did I think it worth it? Was it as speedy as we required? Well, yes. Would I travel especially to come here for food? No... but it's a must try for anyone local who is partial to MEAT and SAUSAGE! oo'er :)I loved the simple decor and the smell of fresh cut wood the minute you open the door. I'm definitely coming back for friday drinks and to try their home-made scotch egg, which as a bar snack sounds very intriguing!!
4	Spent hogmany here and several other evenings since the place opened both for food and some drinks between venues, I really rate it. The staff are great, food is excellent and the place is really relaxed. Not much more to be said ... other than the size of the beers it really winds up some of my real ale drinking freinds that you recieve half pints. This place is exactly what lothian road needed.
4	I have been to the Hanging Bat only a couple of times since its opening and I have to say that I was pretty impressed by the place.Cool decor, comfy sofas, fun water taps in the toilets.  Oh and of course, the main thing: the beer.  A huge selection as it appears.  Staff are fairly knowledgeable and ready to give you advice.  I like the idea of 2/3 pint glasses too. And of course the hot dogs.  What a great idea!  Those hot dogs are delicious, totally worth the money. A great addition to the slowly-improving face of Lothian Road.
4	Oooh, there's something very tempting about the sign at The Hanging Bat. Although Lothian Road has improved over the years, I still wouldn't say it's at the stage of being a fine vintage, a la places in the Old Town that I think have definitely got better with age (Bar Kohl, looking right at you in your vodka-flavoured wisdom).So, I think I always find it hard to truly believe that an establishment on Lothian Road is genuinely going to be a must-repeat-visit, but I reckon that's going to change, and The Hanging Bat has certainly got the flame of initial attraction burning (not like moths to a flame, they're just not cool...like bats flying towards a perfectly-temperatured cave). Yes, that's what it was like the day I was lured into the Bat by its jazzy signage. I do frequently judge a bar by its choice of outward attire, because I'm shallow like that, so an 'I' represented by a bat tickled my fancy, and in I went.But enough of why I like signs, no one cares about that. Let's talk about some things that make The Hanging Bat a pretty awesome bar option if you're wandering down Lothian Road and searching for alcohol-based refreshment...- The beer. There are a lot, and they are varied, and what's great is that when someone like me, who's trying in vain to describe what beer characteristics they like but failing massively, approaches the bar and stands there for a long time being indecisive, the bar staff are patient, and informative, and don't roll their eyes, and then you end up with a beer you actually like and will keep drinking rather than some overly hoppy (not my thing) concoction that just ends up getting warm and eventually discarded...- The hot dogs. Now this was a banterful surprise. I'm not really partial to hot dogs under normal circumstances, but the menu looked to the point and interesting, indicating hot dogs were the speciality, so I went for the American Pit Bull (local Crombie sausages, which is great) with chilli and cheddar cheese. It was immense.This is a big old place with lots of seating and space to take advantage of, but it does get busy, so keep that in mind Lothian Road beverage perusers - the foraging bats of Edinburgh have come out of hibernation, and they're hungry for beer and delicious snacks.
4	I came here for a friend's birthday and expected to find myself in a dark gothic chamber with old furntiture and book cases with fake bats hanging from the walls but was pleasantly surprised and refreshed by the warm, comfortable, light surroundings and relaxed atmosphere. I am not really a beer person but for the occassion and being in a beer cafe decided to go for one. But ah! There were so many to choose from so I asked the bar tender to surprise me and he did well -  so well that I went back and asked to try something different - maybe I could become a beer fan afteral and he also gave me the background to it as well - wow! On a more recent visit, I knew I had enjoyed one of those previously but couldn't exactly remember it's name so gave the bar man the number from the board. But after my screwd up face quickly told me this was not it I discovered the board changes regularly. Wow, that's quite impressive!The Hanging Bat also provides a simple but satisfying menu of BBQ food, hot dogs and yummy interesting snacks to keep those tummy rumbles at bay. I'm not really a hot dog fan but as with the beer, decided to go for it - loaded with beetroot salad and cheese - this was good and satisfied my belly pretty well. Although it is a beer cafe and I did drink beer, you don't have to - there are a variety of wines, spirits and soft drinks available if you are not persuaded by the list or staff. In addition, I like the beer taps in the toilets - yup - and the staff are friendly, happy fountains of beer!
5	Simply amazing selection of beer and not even a hint of snobbery from the staff that happily explained and recommended beer based on the most awkward, layman description of sought-after tastes. Besides the cask/keg list on the wall there's a huge list in the menu (including a section for strange and experimental brews).Nice atmosphere, rustic tables and some comfy sofas and not so crowded on weekdays (but Friday evening may result in a more sardine-like experience). The rustic also goes for the hot dogs served in baguette bread. Good stuff!Definitely a go-to place for beer drinking next time I'm in Edinburgh.
4	I visited this bar for the first time recently and sure now, it will be one of many. Lothian Road is in need of good bars so this fits in nicely. Seating is over a few levels, so there is plenty of space - much more than you think there might be when you first walk in. Lots of wooden furniture and comfy sofas too. There is a wide selection of drinks, including special ales and beers on a blackboard above the bar on tap. There is also some beer brewing in a little side room off the bar that you can have a sneaky peek at. They have really paid attention to details too, with the taps in the sink being like beer valves, which is cool.I didn't get a chance to sample any of the food this time but it looked great and the bar had a great atmosphere too. It's also dog friendly.
5	It's been a good 6 months since I first went to the Hanging Bat, not shortly after it opened. Since then I've been back for friend's birthday parties, for Yelp Edinburgh's 2nd Birthday Party, for Sunday afternoons to do a spot of work with a hot dog and 1/3 pint, and on Thursday evenings, fighting the crowds to get to the bar.I don't know a lot about beer. But I do know what I like - stouts - and what I don't like (most lagers and wheat beers). But I can still merrily drink my way through 5 or 6 1/3 pints of different beers and stouts that I do like from their huge range. They even have a beer that's not a fruit beer, but still brewed with apricots, and tastes amazing. Just chat to the bar staff, they'll sort you out.There's over 20 types of gin. There are gourmet hot dogs, including my favourite - Greyfriar's Bobby, with haggis and caramelised onion. If you've never tried haggis, try this. The haggis is amazing. If you have tried haggis and don't like it, try this. The haggis amazing.There are beer taps as taps in the bathroom. It smells of woodchips. There's a nice bar area, an upstairs area, a downstairs area. There's wifi. There's other delicious food like mac n' cheese, pulled pork, Wings Wednesday, and Beef Ribs on Fridays. There's awesome staff. There's great tunes.It pretty much has EVERYTHING a great bar needs, which is why it's absolutely packed all. the. time. Victim of its own success much? The only thing that puts me off going is knowing that unless I get there at 3.30pm I won't get a comfy seat. I'll still go and protect my hot dog and stand in the middle of a crowd near the bar and wolf it down with my apricot beer or cherry stout to hand, and probably spill haggis down myself. But be warned. It's amazing, it's wonderful, and the whole of Edinburgh thinks so, so it's really, really busy.
4	I was a bit suspicious of The Hanging Bat, mostly because whenever folk rave about a place and I end up going it's a bit of a let down. However, this joint must be the exception, because I really enjoyed my beer drinking evening here. There is a wide selection of beer to choose from. My new favourite glass size is the 2/3 pint glass - perfect for a beer fan like me, as a pint size often means my drink is flat by the time I get to the bottom third of the glass... The 2/3 glass is also easier on the wallet as prices reflect the booze quantity. Weird that they didn't have any rose wine available, bit of a let down there. It also gets mega packed, so make sure to get in early of an evening.But all in all, a packed place with a great atmosphere and a good selection of beers on tap. Will be back.
5	Although no promises can be made that you'll find hanging bats here, promises can be made that you'll find some tasty, tasty beer and a bar fully stocked with lovely things!The Hanging Bar Beer Cafe had been in my yelp bookmarks for absolutely ages, and when Colin and I wandered past it yesterday, I decided we needed to go in and try it for a drink. The space inside is fantastic; absolutely loads of seating on 3 different levels, with a large bar stocking anything you can think of, especially gin-wise! The bar staff that were working were happy to serve, and were great when I asked for suggestions as to what gin to have. The atmosphere is relaxed with loads of people enjoying themselves and chilling out, and I pretty much fell in love at first sight! I will definitely be coming back through to Edinburgh just to have a night out in here! On a side note, I absolutely love that the taps in the toilets are beer taps. Wonderful.
5	I really like the Hanging Bat. Its a proper beer pub without being 'old man style'. Despite not being a big beer drinker I love that you can try 1/3 pints of different lagers and beers (or smaller amounts) to see what kinds of beer you like. The staff are very friendly and really knowledgeable about the beers. There is also a big selection of bottled beer and fruit beers too.The best thing is that when you dont fancy any more beer they have a huge selection of spirits, namely gin and are happy to recommend many options to taste. Plus the food is great, Hot dogs (the proper kind), pulled pork (love!), mac and cheese and great salad and sides too. A proper good boozer!
4	Hanging Bat is my kinda bar. I like beer that I can enjoy, not just swally to forget my troubles. I cuddled up with an Anchor Steam, followed by a cask pour of Hawkshead lager. All enjoyable, all rather pleasantly affordable, unlike some other specialist beer establishments. Love the smoking garden at the back, nice touch for those addicted to nicotine. And the bathrooms? Wahey there, proper beer taps are just fantastic and I want them for my house, stat!
4	I'm torn over the Hanging Bat. I love how big its beer selection is, and the fact that they serve schooners, but on the other hand I really don't like their food menu.Hot dogs are not my cup of tea, in fact no smoked meat is, and that's near enough all HB serves. Oh, I'm not keen on mac and cheese either, which rules that out too. But when popping by for lunch I thought they must have SOMETHING other than hot dogs and mac and cheese, right? Erm. Wrong. Well, not exactly, but the chicken wings I ordered were just about the only thing on the menu that wasn't smoked meat (or mac). Which is a pity, because otherwise the Irn Bru glazed (smoked) pork ribs sounded very interesting. My boyfriend enjoyed his Greyfriars Bobby dog (with haggis) but the chicken wings were distinctly meh. I opted for the spicy wings, which didn't seem particularly hot til I got the last few and discovered all the spicy sauce had settled at the bottom. Oh and it's all served in takeaway esque containers on a plastic tray.But I do like the beers on offer. I'm more taken by lighter drinks, think lagers, pilsners etc. Whereas my boyfriend is a porter kind of guy. Hanging Bat suits us both perfectly in this respect. I'm always dreadful for finishing drinks, so for the general serving to be a schooner is ideal. There were no lagers on the board last time I was in but I was recommended a couple of alternatives, one of which was horrible (having been described as something the barman's Carlsberg fan friend likes.... a damning indictment if ever I heard one) and the other was lovely. I appreciated getting to try a sample before making my decision. (I appreciated less being almost entirely ignored by the barman in an otherwise empty bar while he served my boyfriend).In the evenings it's very busy, especially at weekends, but it's in a good place in town for bars and restaurants nowdays so a great place to stop by for a few drinks. But only drinks. I don't think I'll be eating here again.
4	Great little beer bar, with pretty tasty bar snacks.  Had the "dog" of the day and a few pints.  Fun spot if you're visiting, and want some variety on tap.
3	This place came recommended by a local. We were excited to try something off the touristy area. They have a great beer selection, and they had my new favorite, Gin Mare and Fever Tree Tonic. Problem is their food menu. We ordered the pulled pork sandwich and the mac & cheese, along with chicken wings. Everything was devoid of flavor. Neither one of us finished our food. It was really disappointing. We decided to finish our drinks and head elsewhere.
5	So after passing this place a million times and all being recommended to me I went in for lunch today. This will be my new favorite pub, just wanted you to all know that and now that we have established that I will tell you why. Um because its AWESOME! Like seriously I love the way the whole place is set up , its very pacific northwest american but not to hipster at all. I love the way the bar is set up with the kegs right there for you to see and the board full of the beers and some info about them. I love the bajillion types of gin and other spirits they have , I love the ( seeing a pattern here :D ) different types of beers they have on bottle. I had the haggis hotdog with grilled onions. Damn good hotdog, I could taste the hickory smoke, at least I think it was hickory,  but it was not overwhelming at all . The haggis was tasty and it was a decent size dog that filled me up perfectly with my Red IPA pint. The staff was also really nice and had my food out to me promptly . The place was not to busy at all which surprised me but i bet this place gets slammed during the weekend. I will be coming back for sure to try the pulled pork sandwich and more of those tasty beers! I dont know what else to write except that I love this place!
4	A very good place to grab a drink. I didn't try the food, but had a cherry wheat beer, which was very nice and enjoyed the music and space there. Will go back for food soon! The beers were also not too expensive for craft beers and they also have a huge selection of gin, which I will also be back to try!
5	Oh how I love this place!  It was the first pub I came across in Edinburgh really, thanks Yelp!, and I try and get back often.The beer, the gin... if those are your things then you absolutely have to try coming here, it's criminal not to.  There's always a huge rotation of beers on draft, and they have bottled beers as well... I think I've only come across one beer that I haven't loved, and I've gone through a huge list in my short time here... I don't even order a particular type, I just let the (friendly) staff pick something for me.  The gins are equally as good, but the beer selection here is so good I go with beer more often than gin... and I love gin.The food is pretty dang good too!  Yes hot dogs are the cool thing now, but they do them well, and they have more adventurous options that rotate through as well... the mac and cheese is a good staple as well, and the smokey wings aren't half bad either... I think they're supposed to be the "spicy" option, but they are definitely their own take which I appreciate... I would rather have something like this than "buffalo" wings that aren't done right, so they get points for going their own way.The place itself is cool and cozy... a really good mix between somewhere modern and an older pub, I wouldn't mind seeing more like this... there is also a cute, but small(ish) beer garden out back now, but it's more for smokers than hanging out.The only thing I don't love about the place is that it can get slammed off and on... but that's no fault of their own, when you have that type of beer selection at decent prices I would expect it to get busy, so is the way of life.  Still a great place to go with a few friends if you can grab a table, and a good place to drop in alone after the post work crowd dissipates, but sadly it's not usually a place to run into locals and/or strike up conversations with a stranger... the staff are really cool though, so that certainly helps.I personally don't find the prices here bad at all, but I have hear some people say it seemed on the higher side given a lot of the beers are served in sub pint portions based on strength, etc., but I find the prices to be proportional really... if anything I'm normally pleasantly surprised by the end tally.They do have a few non beer and gin options if you're dragging along someone that isn't into either, but if you or a friend are into craft beers and/or gin you really owe it to yourself to give this place a go.
5	This is a partial review. Not because I was only partially there, or somehow mistook the purpose of a bar, but because by the time I got there I had previously enjoyed some, or many, lovely whiskeys, and only remember a few vivid details of the bat. They have a belgium beer list- oh yes.  Their section on farmhouse ales has maybe 10, none of which I know, so the lovely tatted bartender recommended two and though quite expensive they were impressive. So I remember pretty ladies and complex ales.  I have a feeling the space was warm and inviting, not so like a cave as the name suggests, but the memory is dim.
3	This place certainly stands out in the Edinburgh pub crowd. There's nothing olde worlde about it at all. A modern, cool fit out featuring stone and rough timbers sets it apart. Add in a great selection of both cask and keg beers, and friendly guys behind the bar who know their beer.I didn't try any food so I can't comment. There's lots of bad reviews of the food on here, which is a shame, because it would be letting down an otherwise 4 or 5 star venue
4	4.5/5 - great food, great beers and gins!We were in Edinburgh at the Corn Exchange for the Scottish Tattoo Convention and had  nipped out to get some pre-tattoo sustenance.  The Hanging Bat popped up with good reviews so off we headed. Some 20 minutes later (I'll spare you the story of trying to find it*) we wandered in to find a quirky space over three levels that, thankfully, had plenty of seating.Once we located a menu, it's very much bar service so don't expect someone to wander over and offer you one, we all soon started salivating. They have several gourmet hot dogs on offer, a good range of burgers and other meaty delights, but weirdly no chips! What is this nonsense!!My eye was drawn to the specials and the meatloaf burger with pulled pork, AKA The Man of Steel, caught my eye and I ordered a side of BBQ beans (with chorizo and beef flank, because... chorizo), Kirsty ordered The Alsatian - a dog with sauerkraut and mustard - and Clare chose The American Pit Bull - a chilli and cheese dog, - and both lovely ladies had a side of Mac-n-cheese.The bar does a good range of craft beers, including brewing their own, and apparently sell 44 types of gin! Alas I was driving, but this is very much an artisan kinda place, Fentimans lemonade and Scintilla Diet Cola (Scintilla is a brand name of Samuel Smith Brewery in Tadcaster, don't ya know!), rounded out our order.The food arrived promptly and was great. The pulled pork had a nice smokiness to it without being overpowering, and the meatloaf burger was soft and juicy and delicious! The BBQ beans didn't really do it for me, far too tomatoey and I couldn't make out the chorizo or beef flank either, but the burger was plenty to fill me up. The Alsatian was tasty if a little overwhelmed by the sauerkraut, but the dog itself was a good, and I presume the American Pit Bull was good as it disappeared in short order! (Clare was getting tattooed later so we are putting that down to pre-tattoo nerves!).All in all a good meal, well above 'pub grub' standards.Downsides for me included the service, they were very friendly when approached but there was no indication it was 'order at bar' and I had to prompt them for menus, and the lack of chips! In all seriousness, whilst the burger was good, I could've done with another texture and, usually, chips provides that. The mac-n-cheese was ok, but the only other carbohydrate side was sweet potato mash which I didn't really fancy.If I was in the area I would definitely be checking this place out to try their amazing range of beers and I'd happily be back for the food. * In short, one way systems are the work of the devil.
5	The Bat. I feel I can drop the Hanging part, because we're best buds now. Well, the amount of times I've been in and the money I've spent, we have to be, right?It's an amazing place for a beer lover. Or gin lovers. Or for people that want somewhere that's not a generic chain pub. Or people that want to have a sit down and chat with friends. Or people that want something nice to eat. Or just people. Anybody. Everybody. ALL THE PEOPLE!It's got a great atmosphere, in no part to having absolutely zero pretentions of being anything other than a great place to hang out and sample something a little different. The keg, cask and craft beer list changes regularly and the list of gins is longer than your arm (and folks, I have exceptionally long monkey style arms) if that's your thing.The staff know their stuff, and happily answer any questions you have. Don't ask why the glasses are only 2/3rds of a pint, I heard that question a million and one times, though. It's to preserve the quality of your beer so that it's still fresh when you get to the bottom of the glass. So there.Seriously, though. Go and give it a try, I promise you that you'll not find anywhere else like it in Edinburgh. It's a great, great place.And we are buds, right? RIGHT???
4	Hanging Bat, can we be friends?First impressions count and my first thought really was HOLY MOTHER OF GIN, that's a lot of the damned stuff. And it is, especially for a bar that specialises in beer. If you're a gin fiend like me, you'll most definitely find yourself drooling over the back wall by the bar. Cue wide eyes and salivating lips, I'm in some kind of gin emporium with seriously the most extensive collection I've seen.Sipsmith, Edinburgh Gin, The Botanist, Bulldog, Caorunn, Blackwood's....This is one truly GIN-ormous gin collection! TOO MUCH gin? How very dare you, I don't believe there is such a thing! Service was friendly and fast and, despite the fact that this was a fleeting one-drink stop, I'm inclined to say; I like you Hanging Bat and I will be back.
4	I only came in here for a one-drink-wonder so I was tossing up whether to actually review it or not, but decided to sling a few words this way even to convince just one person to try it out. The first thing that struck me about this place was just how friendly it was. The security guy was nice, the people at the bar were super helpful and the after work drink goers were merry. This is a beer lovers paradise. Lots of variety of beer and none that would break the bank. Ding ding ding! The food looked lovely and the house red did the trick so I am happy out. Hanging Bat, you're one cool digs!
3	I feel a bit bad rating this place, as I know they do have a massive gin and beer selection, both things which I do not drink. I was really only here for the food, namely this hotdog topped with haggis. The girl was nice enough to rush my order in, since we arrived when the kitchen was closing off. We got the 2lb nachos, which were delicious, meaty and doused with some spicy salsa and lots of guacamole. Yum!  My haggis dog wasn't that impressive. The haggis itself, I guess was alright - my first taster, nothing to write home about. And take it how you will, I thought the wiener was too stiff and a bit dry for my liking. The bacon mac and cheese was hot and filling, a good side to snack on. This place was a bit of a miss for me on the hotdog unfortunately, but I can definitely vouch for the other sides.
5	One of the bartenders at our hotel recommended the Hanging Bat for craft beer.  We were lucky enough to grab a spot on the couch downstairs.  The Bat has a extensive list of beers and a surprisingly good food menu.  After a few pints we decided to try the pulled pork nachos, spicy wings, and the beer mac n' cheese.  I have to say that I everything that we tried was delicious and much better than I would expect for "pub food."  The Bat was definitely one of my favorite places during our trip to Edinburgh!
5	One of the best craft beer pubs in Edinburgh.A wide selection of cask, keg and bottled craft beers from around the world.The food is simple, yet really tasty and priceworthy. Almost cheap actually. Beer garden seating for warm days and a inhouse microbrewery for all beer-nerds.
4	You know a place is committed to beer when even the sinks in the bathrooms are taps (and the urinals, sawed in half kegs). This is one of those spots that every beer connoisseur, hell, every drinker will love. The list of beers is epic, truly, both things on tap and those in bottle. Just taking a walk through the menu will leave you winded. Whatever you're in the mood for, sweet or pale, dark or light, fruity or bitter as hell, they have it.And not only that, but they'll help you make suggestions. Tell them what you're interested in and even though they're rushed and working on a million things behind the bar at once, they'll stop and help you (and have enough staff to take care of the other customers as you do.) Love a spot like this.Plus, woah to that bar. They had 10 different types of gin alone that I counted. If you're in the mood for something harder, they're right for that too.The decor is cool as well, kind of a chic artsy beer cave. I didn't even realise how dim the lights were until I walked back into the sun and went, "gah!" but it's perfect for the space. Comfortable tables and couches on a few floors, truly excellent.My only thing that keeps it from five stars is the food, which is good, but not great. We tried a range of hot dogs yesterday which were all... eh. Ok. I got the one with haggis and crispy onions (which seemed to have haggis and regular onions, but OK) and it was solid nut not particularly tasty. Same with the nachos, which were loaded with ingredients but nothing that made them explode, and ended up as just kind of soggy due to all the sauce on top. Damn.But beyond that, what a spot. So happy to have found this gem and will be back my next Edinburgh trip, no questions.
4	Perhaps more of a 3.5 than a 4 out of 5. Great bar staff with a really vast knowledge of the drinks in stock. I can't comment on the beer, but the gin, oh the gin. They must have about 50 different bottles from around the world, all with their own individual story, all actually reasonable in price, and all talk-through-able by your very patient, and very expert barman.Do not read this if you're dieting: They do food, very good food. Food like hot dogs covered with haggis, pulled pork nachos, meatloaf burgers. Aghhhhllmmmmm.The interior itself is a bit meh - maybe a little dark / standard for the really amazing selection of food / drink there.
5	Kid in a sweet shop!!Hi my name is Lewis and I'm a self confessed Beer monster - and I love the hanging bat!!Beer good! Food good! Atmosphere good!I challenge any beer lover to not like this place!! Their selection is constantly changing and they are all great! They brew their own brand as well but I am yet to be lucky enough to try it!!A local favourite!!
5	Amazing beer and the most unique hotdogs I've ever had! We came on a Saturday afternoon and it had a very laid back, friendly atmosphere. A definite winner.
4	The Hanging Bat is one of the leading craft beer bars in Edinburgh and is one of my favourite haunts. They have a selection of keg and cask beers that regularly change so I won't bother recommending a particular ale as it probably won't be available when you visit.The thing that will be available though is the amazing food! Be aware, very aware that if you order the Chilli Con Carne then you will receive a lot of food, let me repeat that to make it absolutely clear, IT IS A LOT OF FOOD! The chilli isn't tongue burningly spicy but it is very tasty and when you munch on a jalapeno you can get all the burn you may want.The one issue with THB is that it is popular, you may not get a table because people want to come here for great beer and good food.
4	Having now sampled the food here I can safely say that the meatloaf is a good bet & the rest of the menu read pretty enticingly too.Service on the December night I was in turned out to be a bit ropey with wrong drinks being served both to me and other customers - a combination of new staff & others distracted by beer reviewers and the inevitable questions the place's range illicits. Obviously not a regular occurence but something to keep in mind.
