3	I recently replaced the brake pads, rotors and CV joints on my car.  The prices were either the same or a little lower than the other work shops near me(caught the Labor Day sale).  It took half a day longer than I was told but that didn't really bother me too much as I lived nearby.  When I finally picked up the car and drove it home, it ran nicely.  Unfortunately the problem started a couple of days afterwards when my car started gushing ATF.  After having another mechanic look over the car(I was told that Firestone didn't do anything related to the tranny), he said that it was coming out of the seal from the CV joint.  To their credit, Firestone was very accommodating.  The service manager, John, had the car towed back to their location free of charge and even reimbursed the fee the other mechanic charged to look over the car.  They ended up replacing the part with an OEM part to make sure it didn't happen again.  John even offered a free rental car during the time it was in the shop.  The reason I gave them three stars is because the leak could have possibly ruined my transmission.  I would think that there would be a way to ensure that this didn't happen.  It wasn't even a small leak, it sprayed the fluid all over the place.  Normally this would have made me give them a one star review, but since they were great about it, I bumped it up a bit.  Customer service here is top notch.Will update in the coming weeks whether the repairs hold up or not.  If they do, might bump it up to four stars.
5	Wonderful service and the sense of security for the price! I went in to get my car checked up on and found that the front right cv boot needed replacing as well as the front left bearing due to some grinding noise I was hearing. It was apparently fixed but not a day later my car was un-drivable due to my right bearing needing replacement and my abs sensor failing. Firestone had my car towed and fixed at their expense because they missed these things in their initial check-up and gave me no trouble at all. They will definitely be my usual mechanics. John gave me exceptional service! Definitely recommend it!
1	Asked to have my thermostat replaced and they asked me for $69 for a cooling system test. So I ask again "how much to change the thermostat in my car? I know it needs replaced."  The SALESMAN says they won't do that for me without first charging me $69 to just look at it. I say no thanks and ask about the check engine that recently came on in our other vehicle and he says its $100 to tell me why the light is on and doesn't include any repairs. I'm flabbergasted!! Firestone wants $169 plus tax to tell me I need a new thermo, which I already know,  plug in a handheld computer into the dash, which takes 90seconds and is FREE at oriellys auto parts and auto zone! You probably noticed I called the "mechanic" a salesman and that's because all he wanted to do was sell us stuff we have no use forThis is all after spending over $1,000 on minor repairs like brakes, cv joints, tune-up, etc. this place will drain your wallet and your bank account!!I also inquires about a radiator and they quoted me $900 for a new one..I went to a radiator shop and had one installed for $300. The bottom line is FORESTONE COMPLETE AUTO CARE IS A COMMPLETE RIP OFF!!!!
5	Ever since moving to Vegas Ive taken my personal car to another local garage. They have never disappointed me but since my company has a service contract with Firestone I take my Patrol Vehicles to this location.The crew here is top notch. They get my vehicles in and out quick with top notch work in repairs.They understand my team can't be without their vehicles for too long and are happy to set up and keep appointment times.I know it seems weird to be a Regular or even a Duke for an auto repair company as if they are doing their job right you shouldn't be checking in all that often but in my case I have a few Patrol Vehicles being driven 20+ hours a day by different drivers that need more frequent upkeep.They are always professional and upfront with what needs done or what will need to be done soon. I know they have a Firestone near my house so I may just have to give them a try on my next auto maintenance issue.
4	I went for an oil change today, I walked away very happy that they didn't try and sell me everything I didn't need. I had gone to another place before and since they saw I was a female getting her oil changed they thought I could be sold by scaring me and telling me I had really bad tires, brakes etc... I just bought the car!!! The gentleman that assisted me broke down the inspection for me.  Not only was everything ok my brakes were never even mentioned!! I am so happy I came here and feel confident I will come back for not just for oil changes.
4	fixed my AC back in May and still works great, didnt work when i started the car one day a month after it was done but the next time i restarteed the car it was fine. also go here for oil changes :]
1	I had my car towed here after a blow out on the freeway. I got my car back and it broke down. Come to find out they left the radiator cap off. It took me three months to get my car back. Their insurance company covered the cost if all the damage. The price tag was $10,700! My car needed a new engine, radiator, and turbo! The mechanic at Audi said he had never seen a bill so high. Do yourself a favor and take your vehicle somewhere else. This was an absolute nightmare.
4	Have been coming here for past two years. Always have had great service, without being pressured into getting other things done. Most of the time my car is done in timeframe promised. Just got tires and new battery today, was pretty quick for a Saturday.
5	I had a screw in my tire from a recent job site and decided to go here since I watched it being built for a while (newer store).Daniel helped me look at my tire. It was too close to the edge and there was a good chance I would have to replace my tire on my newly purchased Civic! I was really sad because I just bought this car and paid extra for these tires. Daniel found a comparable tire which had a great price! He also removed the screw and good news is it did not pierce my tire!! I took extra care to verify that there was no leak. I am very happy with the customer service I received. He could have easily gotten me to buy a new tire instead of giving me this free service. When I do need new tires I will be returning. Plus I like the firestone performance tire he showed me quite a bit and the price was great.Happy camper!
4	The car was shaking and so I brought it here. It's close to where I live. I tried to get a engine diagnostic which is $100. They suggested I start with a less expensive diagnostic which revealed my problem.  They showed me what was wrong and estimated what would need to be fixed right away and what could wait.  No pressure sales and cost was similar to another place. I know very little about cars so having something shown to me and then explained in detail is really helpful. Of course I cross referenced with someone else. Customer service was excellent.
5	These guys are excellent. Absolutely excellent. They know their stuff and do absolutely everything they can to keep the cost as low as possible. The first day I bought my car to FCAC, I met Joey the Manager. I learned that he was an "opener" some who is so good at their job that they are sent all over the country and even the world in some cases to open new stores. And when the store is running like a well oiled machine they move on to the next. Anyway, the next time I came in the new manager told me Joey had moved to another store and I went there. Have been ever since. Let me tell you why. The very first time I met Joey he helped me immensely in a time of need. Joey was more concerned about making sure I was driving a safe vehicle. A well fixed vehicle then "the bottom line". When I thanked him profusely for the immense help he said something that I haven't heard in a long time..."I believe in repeat customers, that's where it's at". Imagine that concept...amazing customer service AND expert knowledge AND the desire to genuinely help some one in need. So guess what, those few bucks he sacrificed by "waving" some of the charges? He made back ten-fold from the the people I've sent his way who keep coming back and have thanked me for referring him to them.  All four cars in my household are serviced here. And they will always be as long as I live here. That is what business should be about. Joey and his staff give this big franchise auto care center a small neighborhood shop feel with the way they treat their customers. They know many customers by name and treat everyone equally. Ok, now about the establishment. Clean, always clean. Even the mechanics bays are clean. Very presentable and professional. The staff seems very happy to work there. They have free coffee, water, and WiFi. The chairs are so comfortable you can sleeping on them. A couple of them even have laptop tables attached. The bathrooms are also always immaculate. They have a small TV for entertainments.The location is also excellent. Every type of retail store and restaurant you can think of is within walking distance. The price is right and they are constantly "throwing things in" to relieve the total cost a little.We have no idea where we'd go if this place shut down. No one in town comes anywhere close.
5	In an era where customer service and satisfaction is almost non-existent, these guys are excellent. They are very good and stand by their work. The manager, Josh, made it very convenient and affordable for me to get the services I needed and at a price I could afford! I had a problem with one of the services and he went above and beyond to take care of my issue and also made it very convenient! All at no charge to me! He never argued with me at all and just took care of me. I will continue to go to FCAC for all my auto needs for both my vehicles.
