5	This is the closest In-N-Out to my house.. and I'm in love. It's never crowded, and the service is fast and flawless. The employees are always smiling, and the burgers are perfection. How they make such fresh delicious burgers so cheap is amazing. If I'm going for fast food, In-N-Out is always my first choice!
5	This is one place I have to go to everytime I get out to Vegas or California.I just love their burgers and fries.  I finally got to try part of their not so secret menu during my last visit.....the Animal style on a double cheeseburger.  Wow was that good!The place is clean, its got great service and its cheap eats!You'll understand after you've been there.....Instant Fan!
5	Ok so I usually write longer reviews, but if you haven't found or heard of this place yet.....well I feel sorry for you. Awesome burgers, awesome fresh fries, great shakes and lemonades, great service. Oh and super cheap, I mean cheaper than mcdonalds garbage. Go animal style.
5	I don't go to this one as often as the one on Sunset, but I couldn't find their page on here, so I'll review the second-closest one to where I live.What else can I say about In-N-Out that hasn't already been said? This place is a West Coast institution. Everytime I have come to In-N-Out I have NEVER been disappointed. McD's, Wendy's, and Burger King are for when you are broke and have no other options nearby - In-N-Out is where you go to treat yourself.The food is always fresh, tasty, satisfying, and delicious. The service is always awesome. Yes, everything is cooked to order, so there is a little bit of a wait, but it is SO worth it. Their menu has been the same for over 60 years now, and it is so basic: burgers, fries, drinks, shakes. That's it. None of this other crap that the other fast food places offer you. Plus, it seems like they treat their people well and pay them a pretty damn good wage for fast food ($9.50-10.00 an hour, I believe). There always seems like there is plenty of help. I used to work in fast food years ago when I first got out of high school, so I know what it's like to be overwhelmed and understaffed when you have so many hungry and impatient people in line. Nothing of the sort happens at In-N-Out, no matter which one I go to. They have always been consistent, both here in Nevada, and in California.No other fast food place compares. My favorite burgers bar none.I also want to add that I sent a comment card to them once and they were kind enough to send me a thank you letter. It's the little things that count when dealing with your most valued customers. It's something I will never forget, and will always keep me coming back to eat at IN-N-OUT!!!P.S. The fact that In-N-Out is only second place on the top restaurants on Yelp after Joel Robuchon definitely tells you something. :-)
5	Las Vegas & Henderson currently has ten In-n-Out's. My wife and I have eaten at seven of them.....and we don't even live in Vegas! So, we eat at In-n-Out almost every time we go there. Every location has been great. This one (and the one on Blue Diamond) are not as crowded as other locations. My favorite is the double-double "animal style", which means they put mustard on the beef while cooking, add grilled onions, extra sauce and add pickles. Pickles are not put on their burgers unless you ask for them, or order "animal style". When I'm really hungry I get a 3x3 'animal style', which is three patties and three slices of cheese. You can even get a 4x4 or 5x5 etc..,. The quality is always great. I don't know why, but their burgers always TASTE better than any other fast food burger place I've been to. Oh, and they also have fresh potatoes that they cut in front of you.  The fries doesn't get any fresher than that!
4	In-N-Out offers the best fast food burger period.  There is no other chain that even comes close - they are in a league of their own.The burger is juicy-messy and really transcends the traditional fast food category.  This burger could go head-to-head with all but the best hamburgers offered anywhere in the world. The fries are really good too.Gluttons like me do the following:1) Order two grilled cheese sandwiches - cheese only.2) Order a double-double animal style, protein style (this means it will be served on a lettuce wrap instead of a bun)3) Remove the burger from the lettuce wrap and place it between the two grilled cheese sandwiches.  (photo submitted)
4	In-N-Out baby!!! Best fast food burgers in town. Order fries and burgers animal style for a real treat.
5	Like all Chicagoans, the minute I land at LAS, LAX, or anywhere else out west, I immediately look forward to grabbing myself a double double animal style with chopped chilies.  So really, if I could just give a blanket 5 stars to all In-N-Outs, I probably wouldn't hesitate, no matter how skewed my ratings graph gets.I do want to point out this location though, for not being too far from the strip, yet having little to no line compared to the ones closer to Las Vegas boulevard.  If you've got a car rented, might as well swing by this location en route to the strip.
5	Amazing. Double double with cheese, no onion, extra pickle!!!  Nothing like it in Chicago...although 5 guys comes close (I guess).  But this place is cheap, GOOD, and fresh!!!!!!
3	In-N-Out's unspoken rule is that it's going to be a little bit between when you arrive and when you get your meal.  That's the sweet price of success and deliciousness.  And if you do the drive-thru service, it's going to be probably 10 minutes.  But this location is murderously slow to one's lunch break!  I had three cars in front of me and it took 27 minutes from arrival to getting my order and leaving.  It wasn't anything off the secret menu, just a Double-Double combo.  But even when it was my turn at the window, it seemed lagged.  How I love a tasty burger at these restaurants, but how slow this place is.
5	The Double Double is just the Best Best burger in the universe.
4	When it comes to fast-food/quick service burger joints, In-n-Out wins hands down. Their menu has not changed much in the last 50 years which shows they have a solid product. And for those in the know, their secrect menu add's that little extra to the burger or fries that just makes it out of this world.... Animal style anyone? So do yourself a favor and pay homage to the almighty of fast food burger joints. And on a side note, there is nothing I crave more after a long trip overseas then a #2 with grilled onions, animal style fries and a coke. Hell, I think that is why they always have an In-n-Out close to every major airport in California, Nevada and Arizona!
5	You are likely not familiar with In-N-Out Burger unless you have ventured to the West Coast. Their menu is streamlined and simple. You can only get a burger and fries. If it's your first time get it "animal style" which is with thousand island dressing and grilled onions. I typically eat healthy, but will occasionally treat myself to In-N-Out Burger that's how good this place is.
5	You west coast people have no idea what you have here. Being isolated in Indiana is horrible with these tasty delectable treats await just a few thousand miles away. Double double animal style with an extra toasted bun and cheese fries is my personal nirvana.
4	Everytime I am try'n to get me a double double the lines & drive thru's are out the doors & in the street. Best believe it is worth the wait tho... YUMMMMMMY!
5	get a 4x4 if u are hungry !! french fries are tasty and the shakes are thick !
5	This place is legend around the united states. I think I might cut my pinky off if it ment them coming to Florida. I'd probably eat here twice a week or more if I could. It gets super packed with hungry patrons trying to get the fix of their lives. Fresh ingredients and freshly cut friend. The sauce they put on the burgers are amazing. If you're in the area, you owe it to yourself to come here. You're most likely to die of happiness.
4	Whenever I get the In-N-Out Urge, I head straight to this location...that's because it's the closest location to where I live!  I like that their open till 2am so when I get the late night craving for a burger and a shake, it hits the spot!If your worried about the carbs, order your burger animal style and there won't be any buns, it will be wrapped in lettuce.  If you don't mind the carbs, then order your fries animal style...it will come with grilled onions, cheese, and their special sauce on top.Their shakes are bomb also..I always mix mine with 1/2 chocolate & 1/2 strawberry...i'm craving one right now so I'm gonna go grab one! Hope to see you there!Cheers!
5	oh in-n-out...how you'll always be the best burger in any competition with whatever east coast patty slinging, fast food dishing, french fry frying competition you face.  i'd happy take a double-double animal style with a side of fries and possibly a milkshake from you than any five guys concoction i can think up or even any artery clogging creation that spike mendelsohn can put in front of me or even a giant plate sized behemoth i can find at ray's.i miss everything about you...the well oiled machine you have running.  i love that the entire operation is always in plain view to the customer...how you have a secret menu that only true lovers of in-n-out (and anyone who can search the internet) knows about...how all the employees have aprons with giant pins knotting it all together.maybe it's just the fact that i don't get to indulge myself in the deliciousness of in-n-out anymore that my praise for thee has grown exponentially...but i don't care, i love you.my in-n-out pangs rival if not surpass my 2 am pollo asada burrito pangs...and that's saying a lot about someone who has a pantheon of hunger pangs.  the in-n-out purist in me doesn't want to see you franchised out, but it would be nice if the family business decided to venture east and show these elitists what a real burger should taste like.  but until my next venture back the my roots on the western side of the country, double-double animal style with crisp fries and a vanilla shake, you will be in my dreams.
4	I do believe that the burger in In-N-Out is the best one in the United States. I ordered the "four by four" buger before, it is really huge and I love it so much.  But the food always come slow... don't consider a "fast-food" at all!!!
5	choice #1 grilled cheese. - everything but the patty mmmm!choice #2.. #2 w/ grilled onions. they have the best fries of all fast food joints!
4	Tasty burgers, shake and fries. Fries weren't hot, just warm.
5	Heck yes, IN-N-OUT has it down.No matter where I go, either here or any location in CA or AZ or here in town, this place knocks it out of the park. Ordered a double double with no lettuce, tomato, or onion, but added grilled onions for no cost (basically the way to get it animal style, without saying animal style) :) Also got the fries animal style, yes I know, let's have a few calories today for lunch ehh?Walked right up to the counter at about 1:45 yesterday, (5/20) and the kid was quick at the register, got everything right, and the price I think was in the $8.50 range. This location isn't the closest to me in town, but when I'm cruising down the 215 or in the st. rose and eastern intersection area sometimes I'll hop over to this location and knock out a double double (this location as most of you will know is just seconds off the 215 and Eastern exit, on the east side of the street) I got an unusual amount of fries this time, not real sure why but they were awesome, it took me a long damn time to polish these off, but man they always have the perfect crispiness and you know they're fresh. You can see the guy (or girl) shredding these fat potatoes right in front of you, then straight into the fryer less than a couple minutes later. 5 stars, not sure when or if I'll ever be able to give in-n-out any less, We shall see!!
5	i freaking LOVE in and out burgers. theyre double double is awesome and they have great shakes. get it animal style!
5	No words can describe the greatness that is In & Out.
4	I try my best to avoid fast food chains, but extended amounts of time away from home always have me craving for a protein double double animal style. If I am feeling extremely gluttonous, I go all out with animal fries and a chocolate milkshake. The "secret menu" enhances the already delicious burgers. Animal style consists of grilled onions, their house sauce (think thousand island), and cheese. It is artery clogging goodness. Protein style burgers come without the bun and wrapped in lettuce. I convince myself that by cutting out the bun, I am doing myself a great favor and ignore the calorie overload I am ingesting.  The burgers are the main star and surpasses all other chains in flavor and value. The fries are my least favorite because they are too starchy. That is the problem with fresh cut fries, they do not get the time to soak and draw out the excess starch. By making them animal style makes it easy overlook this problem. The milkshakes are thick and rich.
2	What is it about In-N-Out that I'm not getting? I just don't get what the big deal is. This is the closest In-N-Out to my house and, thus, I've tried it a few times. And every time, I'm left almost totally unsatisfied.The burger itself is just so unappealing to me. It's primarily all produce. The actual burger is no bigger than what you get at McDonald's. And my burger always seems to have a weird crunch to it. And personally, I don't like my burgers to crunch when I bite into them.What I do like is the animal-style fries. But I can never quite finish them as the fries always seem to be too overdone at this location.The ability to have a choco-vanilla milkshake, however, will always be appealing to me. In fact, I think it is the milkshakes that I like the best.So yeah, I just don't get it. I guess I'm just not an In-N-Out gal.
4	This is an excellent place to go get some cheap burgers. Although you may have to wait up to 20 mins for your food, you really cant beat the freshness and the quality of the food! I love to get the hamburger animal style with lots of lettuce and banana peppers... YUMMM
5	What restaurant chain can be such a success without using ketchup and mustard on a burger?!In-N-Out has been my go to spot for late at night munchies in the valley... It's pretty much as simple as it gets.. a 2 sided menu with large font shows you exactly what they do... burgers. fries. shakes.My personal favorite is the protein style (secret menu, which is pretty extensive) burger that replaces the bun with a healthy wrapping of lettuce.... so I can eat my fries!There's just something special about the simplicity... the burger patty is so small, yet perfect. The tomato is just as big as the patty (if not bigger) and perfect as well... and then the secret sauce just brings everything together to make a burger that is wonderful and something that the West Coast will always claim as its own:]
5	Who doesnt like this place, seriously.  Cheap and delicious burgers, the best bang for the buck hands down.  Animal fries? Yes please.  Chocolate shake? Yes pleaseee!  I try to come here whenever i have the late night munchies, but not toooooo often.  Great looking burgers, great prices, friendly staff.  WHat more could u ask for in a fast food chain
5	Was on vacation to Las Vegas and hadn't had In-N-Out Burger in a couple years. Still great tasting and well worth the price. Can't wait until the next time I'm traveling through an area that has an In-N-Out Burger!
5	Ya can't beat this place for great burgers at great prices.You know, I always stay clear away from all fast food places whenever possible.  My kids and wife like burgers and we have tried all the latest places. From 20.00 burger places down to 1.00 dollar specials.  In the end, ya cannot beat Inn N Out on a regular "gotta have it" basis.1.  The experience - Sure the other places are good to try out and have a completely different ambiance. I agree. Yet dollar for dollar the food here is comparable to most I have tried in all the places here in Vegas.2.  The price - You cannot beat the prices. For a family of three, you can easily spend under 20.00.  3.  Parking and Access- Okay, this particular Inn N Out is on Serene and Eastern near the 215 in a strip mall. It's entrance is just before a huge freeway onramp. This makes turning in with raging drivers behind you a challenge at best. Now I am not sure why we see so many strip malls empty and with parking spots that look brand new after 5 years or more, but this place is always very busy. Parking can always be found, but perhaps not directly in front of the restaurant. 4.Take Out - They seem to focus on getting the take out customers and the car line moving, so even though it may seem very long, it moves fast.  They do a great job of having a server walk out with a remote ordering system and getting to each car faster than the car getting to the ordering kiosk.  The only issue is that the lines can wind around the parking lot and can be a bit confusing.5.  The FOOD - There is some great stuff on the menu and many not on the menu...Shakes - Great, tasty, perfect texture and thickness!Burgers - This is the best.  Onions - Be sure to tell them grilled, raw or noneCheese - You can specify how many, the default is oneLettuce - FRESH and CRISPY!Tomato- Big hunking slice. Meat - The perfect size. You can have a single, double double which is 2 patties and 2 cheese.Protein Style - Wrapped in lettuce, without the bunNot on the official menu - Here is a small sampling, I am sure there is more!Animal Style - A Cheeseburger with mustard, extra sauce, pickle and grilled onion.3 x 3- Three patties and three cheese4 x 4 - You know the drillFlying Dutchman- I haven't tried this one, but it is two patties and a cheese, that is IT.Fries Animal Style - Yep you got it.GK says why didn't I review this place before as it is the best deal for a great burger.  Check it out! PS, they can be very busy during the normal lunch and dinner time so try varying your time to not be frustrated!
5	This is the only fast food restaurant I eat at.  I usually come here if I need a quick fix.  That fix usually comes after the gym, when there is no food at home.  You can't go wrong here.  The burgers are great.  I always get a triple meat burger with grilled onions.  2 of them.  The young kids they got working here are are always polite, quick, professional, AND they can speak english.  I find this to be the case in the California locations as well.  They must have a great training program.
4	When you need a fast food burger this place is simply the best. My favorite is protein style, animal style, and large fries with sauce.
4	my standard order - hamburger, animal style, mustard instead of spread, toast - fries, xxwell. they get it right every time. food is above average and service is well above average.
4	Way to get a great filling meal with a cheap price!!
5	OMG, these are possibly THE BEST fast food burgers I have EVER tasted! They do burgers simple, cheap and oh so well!! They even cut them in half for you! Chips are awesome too! I wish I had one near me....although prob not a good thing...would always be eating burgers!Staff are oh so friendly in that 'I am so pleased to see you, enjoy your meal & have a great day' way!! Yes, if in The States (California/Las Vegas - not sure where else) Do it!!! GO on, you'll luv them!!!
4	Like everyone else I agree the food is great. It is an institution.  We visit this location every time we are in Vegas to see my parents. Cheeseburger animal style with a milk shake, game over!  The burgers are great, a top 5 burger. The shakes are dense and so F'ing good.  But, I think the fries are lacking.  This may be an East vs. West thing but I just think the fries are thin, weak, and flimsy. Yes, you can get them well done but it does not help.  I am happy to enjoy my meal there without the fries. I would rather go over to Five Guys and get a giant bag from there. Their burgers are tasty too... This is still a solid meal and can't miss. Give me my In N Out hat and dive in!
5	Best in the west. Everytime I come back home, I have to hit In and Out.
4	Going through all the gourmet burgers that we rifle thru on a regular basis, once in a while it's nice to go to a fast food joint to get a regular, good ole' fashioned burger without having to feel like you've sold your soul to the evil incarnate...Coming from the East Coast, In N' Out was this idolized burger business model which marketed fresh ingredients in a super paired down list and even a secret menu which gave those in the know, 'an insider elite status' (it was even brought up during class at The Hotel School...although I wouldn't call it a menu, rather a variation on existing items )  But, In N' Out has that evolutionized mystique, a cross between nostalgia, fast-food fare with that healthy, Californian fresh-food zeitgeist that dupes all of us into believing that we're eating healthy and saving the dolphins with each purchase...With that said, the burgers, the architecture along with its core values has become a staple in the West Coast culinary landscape and it's always on the list of places we go to grab something quick and delicious, (it's really bad that there's one across the gym...)It's a pretty simple menu, and going there is no brainer, but we like to get a couple of things different; for the burger, it's always a 2x4,  (a double double - two beef patties with extra cheese -four slices) and get it, 'Animal Style' where the patty is Mustard Grilled, with Grilled Onions, Thousand Island Dressing and Extra Pickles.  You can ask for the Burger to be, 'Medium Rare' for it be pink in the middle, (sometimes well done can be too tough for me) all in all, it's got great flavor and the Beef shines through above all the condiments....For the Fries, it's got to be, 'well done' (cooked until they're extra crispy).  I don't know, but maybe because they cut the fries fresh, they can be chewy/soggy so when you order well done, they come out crunchier.  on top of that, we order them, 'Animal Style' as well; that's with Melted Cheese with Grilled Onions and Thousand Island Dressing on top.  You have to eat it with a fork and it's decadent!!! Wash it down with a Root Beer Float, (Root Beer with a scoop of Vanilla Ice Creams) and you're back in the 50's, beeboping to the jukebox after school with girls in hoop skirts and neckerchiefs swung to the side!!!!In fact, I feel like having In N' Out right now.... gotta run!!!!Ratings (Out of Five Stars)Food:            4Ambience:    3.5Service:        3.5
4	Typical In N Out, the lines are long during peak hours, but not as bad as some other locations. Service is friendly per usual and special orders are welcome. I'm one of the weird ones that prefers hamburgers to cheeseburgers and grilled onions are a must. Going before or after peak hours is optimal.
4	love in-n-out burger - I just don't understand, they have burgers cooking constantly, so why do I have to wait so long in the drive thru? this location is always friendly and clean. 5 stars if they can ever get me in n out in a reasonable amount of time.
5	Can't go wrong with a double double from In-N-Out. I like this location, always clean and always good food. Perfect for when you want a good fresh hamburger at a really good price!
4	For the LONGEST time this place was getting my order perfect.  And I do order strangely, so that deserves bonus points.Lately, though, when I go through the drive-thru they ask if I am going to eat it in the car.  Normal.  I say "No," they say, "OK" and when I pull up to get my food it's in a box.Ready to be eaten in a car.Um.  I don't know what's going on.  Their food is always legit and other than this strange, recent pattern of boxing food (I don't like that because I usually take it home and it can get cold on the way) they still taste awesome.Just please stop boxing my order when I want it bagged!  -:(P.S. - Fries well-done, animal style, no cheese.  This is bliss.
3	This place severely needs a major edit in Yelp's database to earn anything over 4 stars.  To label this place "fast food" is terribly misleading and for me to enjoy it, I have to erase this thought from my head.  Every time I go here, I get mentally prepared to wait at least 20 minutes to get my food whether I dine in or go to the drive thru. Once you get prepared and realize this is not a fast food place, you then have to judge the food.   The burgers are greasy and tasty but definitely do not compare to a grilled giant patty at numerous other restaurants here in town.  The ingredients are fresh but somehow always manage to fall out from the burger no matter how fancy In-&-Out wraps them.  The fries are tiny and average.  They are so small, I often find myself having to pinch a number of them just to get a substantial bite.  Also the tiny size of them tend to lead to getting ketchup on the fingertips when dipping.  Another thing that has always bugged me about this place is the incredible crassness and smugness that many patrons exhibit by knowing about the "secret menu."  Newsflash people...There is nothing secret about any menu since the advent of the internet.   Bottom line, this place is okay if you have at least 20 minutes to kill.  Just don't expect to be "In & Out".
5	I love in-n-out burger, very reasonable prices.  Never had a bad burger or service here.  Theres always a line, which is not neccesarily a bad thing.  Whenever i got a craving for a good quick burger i go here.
4	Tom Hanks loves In-N-Out.  That should be good enough for folks to check out In-N-out. The secret menu isn't so secret. But it's so much fun to order. Double Double Animal Style is my go-to.  Lettuce, Tomato, Pickles, Mustard grilled patty, cheese and spread. Fresh ingredients, made to order so expect a short wait, especially in the drive thru lane.  The Double Double can be a mess to eat, but so delicious.  And don't be ashamed if you end up taking a nap afterward. At least there were some veggies involved!I tried Animal Style fries for the first time here. (Spread, cheese and grilled onions top your fries)  Eh, I'll stick with Animal Style burgers and regular fries. The spread on the fries kind of turned me off. Service here is friendly and I think they repeated my order at least 3 times, once at order booth, another time at pay window and again when I picked up my order.  Don't want to mess up those Animal Style orders I guess!
3	First of all, this isn't really fast food.  Even when the lines are short, it still takes forever to get your meal.  Faster than a place like five guys (since people like making comparisons to it) but not exactly true fast food.If you like "normal" burgers, then these burgers are pretty darn good.  "Normal" being cheese, special sauce, lettuce, tomato, onions.  Cheese melts well.  Beef is juicy.  Vegetables are fresh.  I'm not a fan of raw onions though.  Thankfully, they'll ask if you want onions each time.However I much prefer "specialty" burgers over "normal" burgers.  Things like sourdough bread, onion straws, blu cheese, barbecue sauce, guacamole, and bacon are what I like.  In-n-out has none of these things as they maintain their 50s era vibe.The fries are absolutely vile.  They have a weird glaze of vegetable oil on them.  They don't taste like potatoes; they simply taste like crystallized vegetable oil.  I simply abhor shoestring fries.  You can put as much junk on them as you want ("animal style") and they'll still be nasty.I would also like to point out the douchebaggery of the "secret menu".  News Flash: it's not a secret.  You aren't cool.
5	People travel from all walk of the Earth to dine in an infamous InNOut Burger.  Really this place is amazing.  I think it's crazy that we almost take the In-N-Out burger for granted.  I am positive if I moved somewhere that doesn't have this place I would probably be clinically depressed.  OK, maybe not that sad, but pretty sad.  In-N-Out burger is all about the secret menu.  Secret menu you ask?  I am talking animal style!  What is animal style?  It's a mustard-cooked patty with additional pickles, cheese, spread and grilled onions diced up and mixed together on the grill before getting dumped on your burger.  Yes it's pretty much the most awesome burger ever.  I also get chopped chilies on my burger.  This will put some extra kick on you burger.  Don't forget to get a double double or if you are feeling adventurous then go for the 3X3.  What's great about the IN N Out is the the prices are pretty reasonable.  The restaurant can get pretty packed.  Sometimes they are slow to clean the tables.  So you end up guarding the table you want to sit at waiting for someone to come clean it.  If you have guest from out of town that aren't from California you have to take them to In-N-Out burger.  Cheers!
5	Of course, delicious. This one is a lot bigger than the one I normally go to, but its service never wanes. I'm still on the fence about the fries in general at In-N-Out. They always seem raw? Sometimes I like to be a superglutton and get cheese fries. Definitely something to try out.
1	It's always busy here.....Why?  I only when here because my niece wanted it!  I haven't been here in over 8 yrs.  I see why it took me so long for me to come back!  I decided to go ahead and try something.  I got the no. 2. I'm glad I took it to go.  So when we got home, I took a couple ob bites.....ummm it wasn't that great, so I go to my cabinet, pulled out some spices!  Jazzed it up....Tasted it!  Then it was much better.  Now if I have to take it home and spice it up, I might as well cook my own.  I won't ever go back!  ugggggg!
4	After being in Portland for quite some time, I've been craving for the good ol' In-N-Out Burger!I convinced my grandma to make a pit-stop here for my usual:#2 with grilled onions + fries + strawberry shake = happy tummy!Service here was quite superb! Friendly, fast and no frills! This location is very close to the 215 freeway, so you can't miss it! Thanks, In-N-Out for satisfying my cravings!
4	As far as fast food goes this should be the standard.
4	Double Double with cheese- drool!!  I highly recommend eating this satisyfing artery clogging torpedo at 1am after a few drinks in your belly. I can't think of a more delicious way to ingest a few thousand calories. The one on Eastern has fantastic service, albeit a slow drive through. The onions were raw rather than grilled like we ordered (boo and the reason I'm giving four stars, rather than the 5 the double double so deserves), but other than that I'm in love.
4	mmm the best (and for me the only) fast food burger place in vegas.I am not a huge fan of fast food, I really like quality whether I am spending $5 or $50 and  In-N-Out is one of the few places which understands this. You can't really go wrong with there 3 menu items, hamburger, cheeseburger, and a double cheese burger. But thats pretty much about it. I dream of a day when they come up with a chicken sandwich, but hey I CAN dream right? Overall the food here is great, fresh veggies, actual potatoes for their fries, nothing frozen, and consistent quality make this a great place. I really do wish they mad more variety cause you are SOL if your friends decide on In-N-Out and you want something other than burger.Also their service rocks! I know its weird to talk about service at a fast food restaurant but the employees here rock! They never get the order wrong, they are super nice, quick, and on top of getting you whatever you need. It really does make a difference.If you haven't already, check out their secret menu which I am sure you can find on the internet. One of the worst kept secrets in the fast food world. Also keep an eye out for the random bible verses they have on all their stuff.
5	This place makes other burger places look like a joke.I grew up near one of the original In-N-Out's in California so I have grown up in a sense eating these great little burgers. Whats really not to like about here? The menu is small so its not gonna take you 30 minutes to pick from the menu.  The fries are cut right in front of you so you know its not from the freezer, the burgers have a great season to them. Only thing I wish is that the chocolate milkshake at this location didn't suck so hard.Go for the secret menu. If you dont know what it is, google it and just go insane.
5	I am not one of the big fans of In and Out that others are. I think it is a decent burger for a very good price. As a result, I go there somewhat frequently. So why 5 stars? Because every time I go this store I am surprised at how friendly the employees are. Not a few of them...all of them. They are always so courteous and patient. While waiting for my food last week I was watching some lady make a ridiculous order or ridiculous specifications for each and every hamburger she wanted. It took a really long time as she kept changing what she wanted. But that person on the register...she just kept smiling. So, five stars to this store for a decent burger, and exceptional employees.
3	First time eating at an In & Out Burger.  I've heard people rave about them, and after trying them, don't really know why.  They have 3 things on their menu, burger, fries, drink.  I walked in, looked at the menu, and thought I must have missed something.  I was just there to grab a quick burger, so I placed my order, then waited over 10 minutes for it to be made.  The drive-thru line stretched throughout the parking lot, so they were busy, but it took longer than I was expecting (for what was really just a burger and fries).  It wasn't bad, but wasn't anything special either.  Really, the lack of menu options is what surprised me the most...
3	Not sure why everyone loves this place. Hamburgers are some of my all time favorite food. When I was younger I only ate in n out about every 5 months because the closest one was 2 hours away and would only eat it when I visited my aunt. I moved to a different state and now have in n out 5 minutes away from me. I went super excited and bought a burger and the animal fries..I believe that's what their called?The hamburger was just a plain normal hamburger. Nothing special. And the fries were nasty. I thought it might have been just that day. So I tried it again an again and again. Nope. None of them were any special. I hear how wonderful and delicious these hamburgers are but they are just normal. They aren't bad. Not at all. They are pretty good but nothing special.
5	I usually give the nod to California for the best In-N-Out spots, but this LV version along Eastern has completely won me over. This will be the same story reiterated countless others have told over and over: Animal Style. Hungry. Win.This isn't the only In-N-Out in LV of course, just simply one of the best. Every drive-thru and dining in visit has been the same high quality, gut bombing, palate pleasing, quintessential fast food laden experience one could ever want. Double double with animal style or a 3x3 or 4x4 for the adventurous? Done and done. Skip the fries and shoot for a shake, the burgers here are the real story.And like all good things in Vegas, it's open late. 1AM on the week days and 1:30AM for the weekends. They would dominate the late night crowd (as if they weren't busy enough) if they managed to stay open past 4AM.
5	The usual quality you expect from an in and out. Came here after napping for 3 hours after a long flight.Very satisfying. am happy and content
5	This has to be the best location in Vegas. The burgers are hot and fresh. The people who work here listen and order your food and OMG its correct the first time. I cant tell you how pleased I am with the service I got from this location. Ok yes I can lol I'm happy dance excited. Altho they didnt get to see my happy dance because we went thru the drive thru. Hmmm lucky them! But the shake was cold and good the burger hot and made correct the fries were hot and oh so good. Best burger ever!
2	On the spur of the moment we decided to grab a quick lunch and ordered cheeseburgers and a small fry.  After reading so many rave reviews of this franchise, I was totally underwhelmed.  The burgers were the smallest and most overcooked I have experienced since my last visit to a Mickey D's and the fries were wimpy. I subsequently learned you have to order them well done if you want crispy.  I wonder what segment of society prefers wimpy over crisp?
5	Hell yes, I love me some In-N-Out Burger. This place is fantastic! The staff are always in an oddly fantastic mood, the service is impeccable, food sensational and you can't beat the price!! I prefer to get my cheeseburger 'Mustard Grilled' - I don't like mustard - but you can't really taste it, they add pickles and it's delightful. The fries taste like big Potato Stix and aren't greasy at all! The secret menu is a must-try. We come here every Sunday after church and it's a fantabulous tradition. :D
5	Good food
2	Two stars only because the fries were decent. I hate the thousand island taste of their spread and they do not have mayo. The burger was strictly ok. I really have no idea what all the hype is about other than some people like lots of stuff on their burger. If you like a simple burger that's juicy and offers lots of topping choices and the best fries, go to five guys instead. The wait there is must shorter and much better food.
5	For me, the best burger in any price category! The place is always busy, the employees are great. Customer service is excellent. I always order the double double cheesburger with onions and a side of fries. Always fat and happy after I stuff my face.
3	The food was great as can be expected, but the service overall was unfriendly and not the usual for this chain. The dining area was wrecked, and we had to ask them to cleansome tables so that we had a clean one to sit at,.
5	As far as fast food goes, this really is as good as it gets. The employees are friendly, the restaurant is clean, and the food is fresh. They cut the fries right in the kitchen and make each burger to order. I like mine animal style! I also love the little hot peppers they have in the fixins bar. I wish In-N-Out would venture to the East coast!
4	I love IN-N-OUT!! This location is super busy our line is always way into the parking lot going down to the other stores. It would help them if they had two drive thru's  but they have no room for that either. We both got cheese burgers with animal style fries and cokes. Just over $10 for two people in which we get full is great. My only complaint is we live down the street and we went straight home and my animal fries were COLD!! I did pop them into the microwave for a few seconds and they were good. The staff that waited on us was very friendly and accurate to what we ordered. Always will go back.
5	I don't eat hamburgers unless its from here! Doesn't matter what location in n out is always fresh :)
4	You can always count on In n Out for a good in expensive meal. Their freshness and quality is significantly higher than is usual for a fast burger joint. If you want a good laugh, check out how much a Wendy's double costs compared to the In n Out double double. The double  double is under $4 where the Wendy's double is more than $6. In my opinion, In n Out is so much better.
5	Can't get a better burger for the price. This particular in-n-out always has fast and friendly service. Those kids work their butts off. Love the fresh cut fries!
5	No complaints about this In-N-Out.They've managed to block off the left side of the drive thru so that no one could cut in front of anyone that was waiting on the right side. A definite plus and it shows that they are aware of what's going on even outside of the restaurant. Their burgers aren't the best I have ever had, but they are definitely not bad at all. I myself love crispy fries, but they have the best soggy fries :)Their customer service is always amazing and they never fail to get all of my orders correct every time. I have never left their drive thru missing anything from my order. And I love that they have accessible trash cans in case you decide to eat in your car.They definitely take care of their customers and their food is very affordable.
5	Each time I come to Vegas, I stop by In and Out for the Animal Style burger. I don't usually eat burgers; but this is a MUST HAVE!
5	Awesome double burger
5	Had in and out for the first time in years. Just as amazing as the first time! Went through the drive thru because I was in a rush but rather then giving my order to someone on the other side of a mechanical box a person greeted us in the line. That was great! Super friendly staff at both windows. I got a double double. Ingredients are so fresh. Simply amaze balls!!
1	I must have gone on a bad day because the fries tasted like cardboard.  The burger weren't all that.  Been there once and never went back. Maybe one day I will give it another try!
4	Since I am a new transplant to the Las Vegas area this was my first experience with this chain. OMG....awesome..... I swear I will never, ever eat at Mickey D's again.....The protein style is fantastic for those of us who love the occasional burger but don't really need the bun.  The only reason for the lack of the extra star is that this particular location has severe parking and vehicle navigation issues so making the visit even at late night is a chore but very well worth the effort.  I am a new fan of In-N-Out Burger.....
4	One of the best things about this restaurant is the superb management and amazing staff, the most frustrating thing to encounter when ordering food is an incompetent cashier/server! You will not find this at this establishment , only quality employees ! I do so have complaints as I feel that recently their quality of fries have become  over cooked ? Not sure if it's an intentional new preparation style but not a total downside since they have great burgers and shakes. There was an instance a month ago where I believe I got food poisoning , I cannot blame it entirely on their food and give them the benefit of the doubt and have returned since with no other similar issues. Great quality establishment and is recommended by myself
5	Never have had a less than great experience at any In-N-Out; this location is no exception. Honestly, I could probably eat it everyday, for the rest of my life. Reppin' the Fat Kid Crew! Nice & speedy staff. Great service & fresh food. I love how they always repeat your order back to you. Now that's "quality control"! Two thumbs up.
5	a quick way to have a burger . yummy, fresh and easy! fresh potato fries and hamburger and milk shakes. you can't go wrong with a simple menu
5	King of the west coast, nothing beats the quality and price of in n out which is why i hail this burger mecca as one of the best! Where can you find a burger joint where all the ingredients are fresh, you can see the workers make the food while you wait for it in the drive thru and a secret menu to make you feel so exclusive you little hipster you!  In n  out doesn't need an extensive menu with new burgers and meals coming out every month.  They stick with a very simplistic menu which i respect a lot.  They know burgers. This particular location is no different in taste from the other in n outs which is good.  I've been to probably all of the different locations and consistency in taste and service is unrivaled.  I always get the same order which is the #1 double double animal style with chopped chilis, extra toasted bun, no salt in the burger or fries and if i'm feeling it the Neapolitan shake (which is amazing and if you're the adventurous time, dip your fries in it).  Orders come out pretty quickly considering the volume of customers. Coke products are available and their pink lemonade is awesome.  Nice and tart! I like to fill about 3/4 of my cup with sprite and finish it off with some pink lemonade.When you order is done, they'll call your number and here is where you can enhance your meal even more.  ASK FOR SPREAD! its the special sauce they put in their burgers and i like putting extra and adding it to the fries! Also ask for a fork so eating the fries with the sauce isn't messy.  They have chilis by the condiments section, add these to the fries as well. Overall, one of the best quick bites that doesn't compromise quality with speed.**At this location, the local bums like to hangout at the outside seating section so be careful***Also, bacon was rumored to be added but this was an April fools joke :)
4	Great place to grab a burger! I love their animal fries. The only thing is that their food is do heavy you often feel sick after eating there. You have to have a big appetite.
5	We landed late in Vegas got our rental care and headed for the grocery store for some breakfast items and liquor. Starving we stopped at In-N-Out Burger somewhere I'd never been before and my boyfriend had had once. A small menu, it was perfect. They only do a few things and dang do they do them right. We each had a cheeseburger and fries and shared a vanilla shake. YUM! The burgers looked perfect fluffy buns, crisp lettuce and tomato, with seriously melted american cheese. The fries were fried to perfection although two orders was too much. And the shake was great a little too thick for my liking at first but you let it melt a bit and it was perfect. I was so pleased with the quality of this meal as well as the price. I would definitely go to another In-N-Out Burger for a great, cheep quick meal!
3	Burgers are always good, but the fries, while extremely fresh (you can watch them being cut from the potatoes), are not the best around. On today's visit, there was a misunderstanding between the cashier and myself as to the number of drinks ordered, which led to confusion regarding the how many we should get. We ordered four, two with our numbered meals and two extra, but only got two cups. It took a few minutes to sort it out, with the help of a manager, but we finally got all of our drinks. The rest of the dinner went well, with our food being delivered to our table rather than us going to pick it up at the counter, which is the norm.
5	I love In-N-Out.Number one protein style! Great helpful staff, clean dining room, order is always right, yep winner winner burger dinner!
5	Like any other self-respecting Southern California native, I love In-N-Out. So this review could very well be for any of the locations.  But lately, and what prompts this particular review - is that it is pretty much my go-to spot when I'm actually following my low carb diet and need food fast!! Whether its a double-double protein style or two cheeseburgers protein style - I love it.  Even before I started low carbing, sometimes I'd eat a burger protein style just because the crisp lettuce wrap gives the burger a nice fresh taste.
5	In-n-out is all about consistently great quality burgers at an affordable price. One of my favorite places to get food fast. I also love the iced tea. There is often a wait, so I usually try to determine if it's quicker to go in or wait in the drive thru. I love that I can get my burger protein style (no bun - lettuce wrap instead) Staff is always friendly and attentive. I don't think I've ever had a bad experience in all my years of In n out eating. Animal fries are yummy, but I don't like the grilled onions, so I usually just get a side of spread and dip my fries in that.
5	Who doesn't love In-n-Out?? The menu is pretty simple which I love. Fresh cut fries,  made to order burgers and thick shakes...so good!! Employees are friendly and fast. The one thing I like about eating here is that you don't get that guilty feeling like you do with other fast food chains. During peak hours, it can get packed and the wait times are a little longer. My go-to order is a burger animal style with raw onions instead grilled, fries with a bunch of spread and a ton of banana peppers. My tummy is happy with every visit:)
5	A different location but same great service, same great food! In-N-Out is always busy.  The drive through line is long but moves quickly.  Dining inside is the same.  Long line but again, moves very quickly.   The cashiers here are so friendly.  Service has been on point at every location I've dined at.  It's great to have the consistency across the board.  Burger and fries? Cheap, quick and delicious! My fries I request well done animal style.  Cheese, onions and sauce smothering the fries - I just can't get enough! As far as fast food burgers, this is my go to place! Love it!
5	We chose this for dinner right after entering Vegas and we were happy we did it was our first time trying in-n-out burgers and we liked it so much we went back a few days later for lunch , loved the fries as well. they were busy both times we got it but were fast so we didn't have to wait long at all.
5	In-n-out is the best fast food burgers anywhere.  The custom service is always great and the employees always have a smile on their faces....of course that is what happens when you treat you employees well and pay them a good wage.If you have never been to an In-n-out you are missing out on the freshest french fries ever, as you enter the drive through you will see huge glass windows where you can see the employees cutting fresh french fries right there.  You can also see how cleanly the staff is and not to mention the immaculate kitchen, of course there is never any doubt as to the cleanliness of an In-n-out...as the floors are practically clean enough to eat off of.  Of course this is a fast food restaurant and not a five star restaurant, however In-n-Out is the "five star" of fast food restaurants.  Fast food doesn't get any better or fresher than this.  I moved to North Carolina back in 2010 and when ever I come back to Vegas for a visit, my first stop is an In-n-Out.
5	The only thing better than a Double Double animal-style is taking that goodness home and adding crispy bacon to it. Good thing is right down the street.
5	I am never disappointed with In-n-out's food. I absolutely love their burgers and their fries. I've always wanted to try the quadruple burger but I still have not been able too haha. I like their animal style fries and their milkshakes are just the bomb. You can never go wrong with In-n-out!
5	After a long shift, its great to receive some good service. A young man named Jent was exceptionally attentive to other guests and myself, and I will surely make the trip to this location, though its not my neighborhood in n out, if it guatentees this kind of service and just a positive experience. Theres nothing like having a complicated order, and recieving no complaints. Thank you jent and the team.
5	I love cheeseburgers period!  The fresher the better!  We don't have an In 'n Out in Hawaii so when I come to Vegas, this burger joint is guaranteed on my to do list.  When we pulled up to the drive through, I ordered a double double burger animal style with some fries and an iced tea.  I was curious to know why they called it animal style and from what I hear they use some kind of thousand island dressing which is added to the burger upon request.  The burger was yummy, however, I'm not a big fan of their shoe string fries.  I'm more of a crinkle fries kind of gal.  But any type of fries will do when pairing it with a burger.   Overall, the service was quick and the employees were friendly but most importantly the food made my tummy happy.  I would definitely come back to this location again.
5	LOVE In-n_Out...Needed a late night snack and this place sounded good.  A few double double's protein style you cannot go wrong.The drive through was awesome, this place knows how to make them and get them out to you.  Everything was freshly made which you can see through the window and you know your food was not cooked before you arrived.  A quick and efficient place...
4	I really enjoy their burgers and fries. I was first introduced to In-N-Out in Los Angeles, and am glad to be able to indulge in their food in Las Vegas. This is one of my favorite drive through meals.
4	Tipical in and out food. Great for drive through but if u want to dine in your in trouble. The place is always crowded and hard to get a seat. It needed to be built twice as big....... Sign of a good place...The hunger games.
5	Now - I am a firm believer that Shake Shack has taken the title as best fast food burger in existence.  That being said, In-N-Out is right up there with them, neck and neck.I rented a car from the Luxor and was driving down to the Hoover Dam.  We were hungry, and craving In-N-Out so we pulled off the highway and stopped here.  It was packed as always.  I got my usual, Double-Double w/o onion, and well done fries.  My mother ordered a hamburger protein style.  The well fries always make the order take a few minutes longer than usual, but in about 15 minutes or so, we were on our way.  Fries were perfectly cooked, burgers tasted awesome as usual.  And the service was super charming and friendly.  Let me shout out my cashier by name, Edwin, because he did a fine job.  He's a very nice young man who clearly appreciates his job.  Great work making a customer feel valued!Pet Peeve: as always, I hate religion being jammed down my throat, but when they do it with two patties, cheese, and dressing; along with well-done fries, I let it slide, and keep the 5* rating!
4	I love the fresh burgers and fries, simple menu, clean restaurant, friendly staff and consistent overall great experience I get every time I come in.
4	I rarely eat fast food but when I do, this is my go-to! My husband and I take our grandkids here for a treat. I believe the person who took our order was named Sarah. Staff was friendly and helpful. My grandson is allergic to cheese and they were great at accommodating. Must try the Neapolitan shake.
4	Living in the midwest we did not have a in-n-out burger so when I came to vegas for a visit before I moved here I knew I had to try this place just off all the people who said I have not lived until I tried one of their burgers and don't forget the animal fries! So we tried them and MAN was my life incomplete without this wonderful place!! The burgers are great they taste fresh and moist! The animal fries i have no idea how i ate fries without the toppings ontop. This place is supper affordable and they have such great attitudes! Ive been here for 2.5 years and eat there atlest once a month. It does not matter the location the food is amazing and customer service as well, there is nothing better than a uniformed company that no matter the location the food quality and service is the same  and that is a rare find!
5	Love in n out! Kirstyn working the register was very outgoing, happy and genuine!! I listened to her speak with each customer after me and she just sounded so happy! Made me smile :)
5	Still LOVE IT.  I love the fact the drive thru stays open late. I was at a friends anniversary party close to In-n-out which was also on the way home and had to leave in time to hit the drive through.  There is nothing like a double double with fries before bed time.I don't know what else I can say about this place other then it still and always has run like a well oiled machine.  They have a system here that ALL other places should emulate. This place keeps people moving and yes when it gets really crowded it may take a few extra minutes to get your food but the order is 99% of time correct.This is the ONLY fast food place I will eat at until I find a reason with their food that makes them bad, but I cannot imagine that happening.  It will be depressing but oh well.  Day or night, In-n-Out is AMAZING and I will hit this place every chance I have.
3	Since this is a very popular spot with friends, I decided I would give it a try. I was disappointed. I really didn't think my burger was anything special and the fries were ok. But one thing I did like with the customer service. Everyone was very polite, very friendly, and went out of their way to make sure that I have everything I needed. I do appreciate excellent customer service.  After hearing many people rave about it again, I thought I would give them another try to see if it was just me. So I went again and had the same experience. Blah. Unfortunately, the food was not enough to make me want to come back a third time.
5	Being a SoCal gal born and bred, I'm a die-hard in-n-out addict. Eating it makes me think of home, and summers at the beach. The quality cannot be touched by any "fast food" place, both on service and food. My only slight complaint is that everything is cooked to order, fresh and delicious, so there's a wait in the drive thru and inside. A small price to pay, for perfection.
4	I love In-N-Out Burger! They must be doing something right because they're always busy, no matter the time of day! The drive-thru line is always poppin' and the inside always a bustlin' but it's definitely worth it for the price and quality! I love getting the number two, no onions, buns extra toasted, extra spread, and chopped banana peppers inside with the fries light well done and a pink lemonade....man am I needy. But it's just so delicious. Just try avoiding long lines, but sometimes it's ineeeevitable.
4	Just like any other In-N-Out, busy as usual but never disappoints when it comes to the food. Plus, I enjoyed how generous the drive thru lady was. I asked for one spread, but she gave me two. Also they gave me more than enough ketchup packets which I enjoy since other fast food stores get stingy with the amount they give.
5	Best service in the state!Great food.They all have the same high standards.
5	The greatest ever...yum!! affordable, fresh and great service...for fast food its at the top of my list!!
4	Really huge queue justified: Wonderful! The snack and a delight, not sure to eat the potato with cheese and take the milk In-N-Out Burger!
4	Always a favorite and usually for less than $5. In N Out is what a hamburger is all about. Definitely always fresh, friendly staff, not the best parking lot or drive thru access, but that's not important when it comes satisfying an In N Out craving.
