1	(06/15/2012)  Well, its too bad my only option is one star because this place deserves ZERO stars.  I decided to give this place another chance because of the low price and no contract. So I went in this weekend and explained my first time bad experience and I was hoping this one would be better.  The guy I talked to had the personality to fit in a gnats butt (as my mom would say).  He couldn't say a complete sentence.  Then the Michelan man, I mean woman proceeds to tell me they cannot leave the counter cause they have paperwork to do. I said "well last time I was here no one even told me if /where the restroom was".  Well neither did she.  No tour what so ever !!!  Apparently, if I would have been on a machine and have a question how to operate, I"d have to get off the machine and run over to the counter. Needless to say, I left again and WILL NEVER return.  You'd think since they lost me once they would have been a little more active to keep me from walking out a second time.  NOT !!!  Wouldn't a tour be one things you would offer to get new business??  NOT !!!  So, I went somewhere else and I"m paying more .... and I got a tour of the facility before choosing to give them my $$$.  I dont know how Planet Fitness stays in business with no customer service.  I'd suggest to anyone not to waste their time.(Two years prior)I joined this gym before it was even open. The first day I went I was not shown what to do with the badge, shown where anything was, or even what all they offerered.  When I asked if someone could show me somethings to do, I was told there are pictures on the machines and I could sign up for classes.  The only classes available within the next month were while I was at work.  I told them I was leaving and they let me walk out without saying anything.  Needless to say, I cancelled my membership.  When I went back to cancel, the mgr seemed to think it was hard to believe I was treated like this.  Whatever.
4	Planet Fitness is a great small gym to go to if you are looking for low cost and can get by without having every piece of workout equipment. For $10 a month you have access to treadmills, ellipticals, bikes, free-weights and machines. There is also a small area for pushups, stretching or ball work. In my experience the staff (including the Manager Greg) has been friendly. The do seem to offer personalized training (not enough room for small classes) but I have never taken them up on it.PROS* Easy access * No long wait for equipment* Low cost* Clean* Promotes judgement free exercising CONS* No bench free-weight (you have to use one of their squat machines)* No standing calf raise machine (they do have a sitting one)* No scale in bathrooms* Lunk alarm: A siren goes off if people start slamming weights. Slamming weights never bothered me but the siren does.Overall great value if you are just looking to workout using basic machines and free wights  and don't need a pool, bball court, yoga/spin classes, etc.
5	Great gyms! They are always friendly, whether I am in my home club or at another location. They have all the equipment you need to stay healthy and fit and they don't dress it up to make you pay unecessary fees.*The lady up there with the bad review, obviously doesn't understand that they couldn't tour ALL the pre-opening members at once, I signed up the day they opened and my number was in the 1000's, and they have done renovations so it's much bigger now!*They have two memberships- Basic ($10/month no commitment, with a $29 annual fee Oct. 1 every year)Black Card ($19.99/month 12 month commitment, with $39 annual fee June 1 every year BUT, you get to bring a guest everytime you come in, it also includes tanning, 1/2 price on all drinks, and you can use ANY of their locations nationwide up to 10 times a month)**depending on when you sign up, there may or may not be a start up fee
3	Theyre hours and plans are great.... it's worth the lil bit of money you'll spend, trust me
2	I mean, I can dig it. It's a gym, its cheap, its convenient. There's usually a treadmill available for me to use. Staff is pleasant  enough.  I do wish i could put my hair up in a bandana tho. And that out of all the 24 hour news channels out there they didn't decide to ONLY show the Fox  News Channel. Fair and balanced my ass. While it gives me something to laugh at while working out, that selection bothers me and makes me question what kind of people own the place.
4	I was a member at a higher-end gym and left to come to Planet Fitness because of the wide variety of machines and to cut on price and truly, with add on services like tanning, massage chairs and Red Light Therapy, I'm getting WAY more bang for my buck and am much happier. If you are able, I suggest to go late morning or mid-afternoon when the crowd is thinner and you are able to capitalize on the most machines.  I think that some of the prior reviews are unfair and the complaints frivolous.  You are going to complain about one TV... really?  I will admit, the staff training needs work.  I walk in and out typically without a hi/bye, I have waited at the counter for a minute to be served and they are not overly pleasant but I don't come there for them.  I come in to work out and do my own thing.  I don't need to be coddled and I think most people are the same.  I have not worked with a trainer there so I cannot say how that interaction is. Another thing I find is strange is the free pizza night and free bagel breakfast. I'm not sure of the angle on that...The facility is kept extremely clean, the machines always work great (I have never seen one broken), the women's locker-room is great and the ambiance is inviting.My biggest complaint is to other members who don't wipe their machines down after they use them.... especially when they are sweaty.  I would love to see more of the staff reminding members to do so.
4	I don't have a membership here but my fiance does so I get to go with her for free because she can bring unlimited guests.  She got a deal for $20 a month but she had to sign up for a year.  Not bad if you plan on using it enough.  This place has all of the basic work out equipment, ellipticals, treadmills, exercise bikes, free weights, pulley weights, weight machines and some miscellaneous things.  There are TVs to watch and plenty of machines.  I have never had to wait for the aerobic machines.  They could use a few more different kinds of free weights but its perfectly fine for me.  The staff here really does not get in your face about signing up for different additions, you are kind of on your own.  This can be a good or bad thing.  Personally I like it.  There are no locks so you have to bring your own if you want to keep your stuff safe in the locker room.  Bottom line, it's cheap, you get what you pay for, but it certainly gets the job done(if you go).
4	I love this gym. I have been a member for going on 4 years and have never had a bad experience. Although there was one time I did fuss at a guy who sat thru 4 light cycles at the same machine on the circuit so when it was my time to use it, I told him he needed to go lift in the weights. But other than that, I can always find a cardio machine, and a tv to watch, while I work out. I'm a black card member which is $20 a month with unlimited guest privileges, you can go to any planet fitness location, and make use of their tanning beds. The tanning beds are not very strong and you can only lay for 15 minutes, but hey, it's not a tanning salon. Overall, great value for the money. The only thing I am missing are group fitness classes like yoga or cycling, but maybe if enough members like me ask we may get them someday.
1	BEWARE! They will do whatever they can to get as much money from you when you cancel your membership. Make sure you speak to someone who knows what is going on because I was told the wrong information twice and they are still taking money out of my account. The staff is clearly unaware of their own policies. The gym is hot and smells AWFUL. The TVs break all the time as well as the machines. Yes, it looks like a good cost up front, but you get what you pay for.
4	This place offers all you need to get a workout.  There are no fancy classes, courts, spas, etc...but there are plenty of treadmill, elipticals, stand up cycles, and regular bike machines to get your aerobic fix.  The only problem here is the cardiotheater stinks! Bring your own music and headphones or you may get bored, because the place where you plug in your headphones has lots of static and/or shorts out.  There are free weights, places to stretch on a mat, lots of machines to lift weights, etc.  Locker rooms offer showers, changing areas, toilet, and plenty of lockers.  Bring your own shampoo, soap, and towel is showering here.  They have blow dryers, and an iron for clothing if you need that.There are 6 tanning beds, 2 chair massagers, and a red light therapy room.You can bring a guest, 13 or over, free with black card membership!For the price, you cannot beat this place.
1	This is the most ridiculous excuse for a gym I've ever been in. They discriminate against anyone they think are "body builders", and they have a "lunk alarm" that they will sound if you grunt or drop weights. They have no free weight benches and the dumbbells only go up to 75 lbs. On the first Monday of each month they have free pizza..just what you need if you're trying to get in shape! This may be a good gym for those just wanting to go to a gym just to say they go, but for the people that actually want to get good results this place is a waste of time. I know it's only $10 a month, but that is still over priced for what you are paying for. Great gym if you want to run on a treadmill, they have about 30 in there. 0 out of 5 stars.
4	Planet Fitness is exactly what it's advertised as... plenty of machines, no real clunking etc. The staff is sort of friendly albeit not exactly jumping to help you out or show you around however they don't hover either and I'd rather have them disinterested than all over me. Everyone pretty much keeps to themselves. I wish they offered classes etc but otherwise I'm happy with the gym and I knew they didn't do classes when I signed up. Even in the after work mad rush I can get a treadmill and get to the weights so it's all worth the very cheap price. If you're looking for functionality and getting what you pay for without the huge hassle then Planet Fitness is for you!!
1	The current "assistant manager" Sean is not very helpful and overall, just doesnt seem to care. Its not his problem. He will shrug you off, not look you in the eye and basically treat you like he doesnt want you there. I would say he acts like a "lunk". Kind of ironic, those are the types Planet Fitness likes to keep out of their gym. I would suggest taking a hard look at other gyms before even considering this one.
2	Staff at this location is a bit rude and condescending. Gym is ok, no real free wights , no bench, this is not for serious body builders. As a plus there are a lot of quality cardio machines
1	This gym has out of date equipment- including the tanning beds, staff could care less about being at work, and air conditioning would be great!  Its cheap- so I guess you get what you pay for- BUT completely disappointing when you see how nice other Planet Fitnesses are.
4	Nice equipment, kinda small, but well worth the low cost! Very friendly staff! Miss my group classes though!
3	Planet fitness is a very nice and friendly place for beginner body builders, and people interested in improving their cardio. Unfortunately like most gyms, they lack the proper equipment for experienced powerlifters and crossfit trainers. They do not have a squat rack, their dumbells only go up to 75 pounds, and they only have one pull up bar. At least they are open when the YMCA closes.
5	More than I expected. Clean and neat. Many machines and weight machines all in excellent condition. Very sanitary. Clean well equipped locker rooms. Friendly helpful staff. Plenty of parking.
4	Can be a bit crowded at rush hours but not bad overall. For those people who think that Planet Fitness discriminate against people who work out with intensity then you haven't been to a PF or are doing it wrong. Wipe the equipment when you're done, rack your weights and don't slam the weights. Fyi if you are slamming weights then it's too heavy for you.  I crush the workouts and never have had the lunk alarm go off. They are open 24-7 and the Black card membership is only $ 20 a month for any gym in the country. Can't beat that deal
