5	I have used HDD twice for boarding and I feel very confident that my dog is well taken care of while I'm away. Their prices are reasonable, but the biggest perk is being able to watch my dog via the doggy cam app. I love that I can check in on him and watch him play. The staff are friendly and have the dogs out the entire day. I checked on my dog at 11:30pm and he was out with staff and another dog still playing--no wonder he comes home pooped!
5	We have only been using Hot Diggity Dog for a few months but we've used them for multiple day over night boarding, daycare, and grooming. We are not disappointed in a thing.The facility is clean. All of the staff are super friendly and you can tell they really enjoy dogs and their jobs. We've toured a few doggy daycare/boarding facilities in town and this one had it all we wanted and more. Transportation if needed is available, webcams to keep an eye on your furry loved one while you're apart are just some of the pluses. Sometimes throughout the day they take photos or videos of the pups at play and post them on Facebook. You can tell all of the dogs have so much fun. Our dog gets so excited when we walks in their door, he can not wait to get in the back and start playing with his pals. He always comes home tired but happy.It makes me like them even more that they foster dogs as well!Even though there are daycares closer to our home we continue to go out of our way to use HDD because we trust them with our pooch.
1	I don't write many reviews, but felt compelled to do so this time. I recently boarded my two dogs at this facility because my regular boarding place was full. When I first checked my dogs in, I thought this place was great and had some features that my regular boarding place doesn't offer.  The prices also seemed reasonable at first.  However, when my husband picked up our dogs, I found out that he was overcharged compared to the price that was quoted to me when I checked the dogs in.  I had elected to have my dogs boarded under their regular boarding and NOT private boarding and chose to go with the half day of daycare, as my dogs are old and I thought a full day would be too much for them.  For this service, I was quoted $55 per boarding night + daycare ($15 for the night + $15 half day daycare - $5 for boarding a second dog). Well, when I called to find out why I was being charged $70 per night instead of $55, I was told that there was no such thing as boarding for a half day with overnight boarding. This is not disclosed on their pricing sheet, nor was I told this when I first brought my dogs in. The lady who answered the phone even told me that she didn't even know that this didn't exist. In addition to this, Allysa told me that my dogs were boarded under private boarding and that even though I didn't request they be boarded privately, I still had to pay the higher price because they were boarded that way. This is ridiculous because I never requested private boarding and my dogs did not need private boarding. It really irked me that this company obviously made a bunch of mistakes and were not willing to own up to them. Respectable companies would have admitted their mistakes and charged me what was quoted in the beginning.  The funny thing is that when I spoke with one of the women over the phone and she asked me to describe the person who quoted me the price, she said that was the owner of the place who gave me that quote.  Obviously, what the owner quotes to her clients makes no difference.  It is sad because before this happened because I was thinking about using them again, as I have to go on a bunch of trips this year.  However, seeing how unprofessionally they handled this situation, I do not trust them anymore. When I board my babies, I want to know that if they got hurt or any problems arose, the facility would own up to any mistakes they made; this situation just tells me they wouldn't.  In addition, they are obviously not on the same page with what they offer their clients, nor do they give clients what they requested. I wouldn't be so irritated with them if they at least tried to work with me and said that they would charge me what was quoted this time, which was $55, but moving forward the price is $70. I would have been okay with that because my other boarding place charges $70. Anyhow, I do not recommend this place because of their lack of professionalism and disorganization.
5	We took a MINI vaca in Las Vegas.  We have two doggies that we brought along with us.  This is the FIRST time we used Hot Digigity Dog Daycare/Boarding.  Upon the "interview", we were shown around the place, shown where the doggies will be sleeping.  First impression, this place was pretty clean.  The staff that I dealt with, Ashley and Rosie, there were very nice to speak to, and reassured us that our doggies was in good hands.  We would definitely use this place again in the future.  Just wish they were a little closer to the strip and not the opposite way to leave Vegas.
4	My honey and I picked this place to shelter our Toy Pom over the weekend. Our pup has a broken leg and is wearing a cast so we picked to have him in private boarding. This place was fairly priced for the service provided.Once my puppy returned home he was just as cheerful as he was when he left! I called frequently to check on him just to make sure he was okay since this was his first time out of our care and he cried when we dropped him off =(The employees here did give me a few different prices upon dropping my pup off which did spark concern being that I may be over charged once I pick my pup up but everything was cleared up and things went smoothly! All it took was being clear on EXACTLY what I wanted.I liked that I could call to see my pup n they wud put him near a web cam so I could see him! Great place =)
5	We trust our multiple dogs to have a great time at "camp" when we are out of town. Never used the day care but have always found the staff to be accommodating, pleasant and invested in the well being of the animals. Prices are very reasonable for private and general boarding and they accept all breeds- we have pitbulls (Judge the deed not the breed! But if that scares you- They temperament test and size match). They are even super cool when you call and ask for dumb updates on what your dogs are doing:) also take great pics and post on FB. Awesome place!!
5	This place is awesome, usually my chihuahua is not friendly but he took to (it's been a while, but I think her name was Ashley/Amber?) and there were other staff members (sorry can't remember names)  were so friendly and helpful. Anyhoo, the Staff are just Awesome, and seemed to really like working there. I felt very confident leaving Gordon there, Staff are professional and seem to know what they are doing. The place was clean, if anyone expected any cleaner, than you don't own a dog. I have family in that area, so I will definitely use them again.Thanks Hot Diggity Dog so glad your there.Vanessa
5	I have boarded my dog Charlie Bean (a lab) at this location and brought him in for half day's. I have worked at locations like these and I really like how clean they are and I do not really smell that odor that you get at other locations. I love how they post pictures on FB, events,and they also have a cam (I paid for access for a whole year) that I viewed Charlie Bean in today ;) .... The prices are good, and I like having an option of a half day. He will be attending every weekend from now on! He loves it ! Gets him tired that is what he needs.
1	Took my dog for a bath, since I got there, the place smelled really bad, the lady that was at the counter was friendly but didn't know what she was talking about, I asked her how long will it take just to give it a shower and she told me an hour, no way it will take an hour my pet has long hair, anyway I decided to give it a shot since this place is close to my residence, but I already had doubts. Three and a half hours later they finally called me to pick up my dog, when I showed up, my dog smelled like wet dog, they didn't brushed it well, the products they used were cheap and low quality, I will definitely recommend you to stay away from this place, at least grooming wise, I don't know about the daycare. Is totally worth it to drive a little further, I will never come back.
3	At first I was really happy with this place, but I have to admit they went downhill. At first I would watch my dog on webcam and there was plenty of interaction and supervision for dogs. That's not the case anymore. They all are just hanging out. My dog can do that at home. thanks
5	Great hours, friendly staff and my dog Max just loves it. I can barely hold his leash as he drags me to the front door. Highly recommended and great exercise for the dogs.
5	This place is truly amazing!! I have a little pup who has a very hard time being away or not at home. The wonderful staff have been so patient and I feel so lucky to have found this place. Thank you!!!
5	My Ursula has been coming here since she was 3 months, she just turned 2 she loves coming here, the staff is AMAZING!! They have flexible hours that work with my schedule. My dog gets really happy when I drive her up to the entrance. I feel comfortable and happy knowing my dog is in great care. If you need a place to take care of your dog or board your dog this is hands down the place to go. Thank you everyone who takes care of my baby girl!!
5	Love this place! Everyone is super nice, super helpful & always smiling! I can tell they love my pup Whiskey and he loves it here, he gets so excited when we get here, he runs to the window to see the pups then runs & scratches at the door to get in! This has never happened at any other doggie day care. Ever. He has never gotten sick there either, like with other day cares in this city. You guys rock!
5	So we've been using HDD for about a year and a half. They had me nervous a few months ago with all of the new (employee) faces coming and going, quality took a slight dip but they noticed and got it back where it belongs. I cheated on HDD and took our pooch somewhere else to try out, he seemed to like it but he didn't get excited like he does at HDD. He gets so happy when we pull up outside. He loves all the girls, they take good care of him, I never have to worry. When we pick him up he still has that smile on his face. I will never doubt you again. Even though you're clear across town from us, we still bring him here. Love their grooming, boarding, and daycare. Great prices, convenient hours. Not to mention the web cams put my mind at ease. I can easily find our dog and see how he's doing.I recommend this place to all my friends with pups, just give it a try!
5	I have been using HDD since they opened. My dogs love play days there and get groomed as well. I could not ask for a nicer, caring staff. The place is always clean and smells fresh. The night lady ( always wears a jacket) takes special time to care for all the dogs and make sure they get lots of love. Very impressed and will continue to use HDD.Nancy S.
5	My dogs have been coming here since they opened. This place is amazing! My dogs get excited when I pull in the parking lot because they can't wait to play! The self wash is pretty awesome too. And reasonable in price!
5	Love this place! Great staff and flexible drop off and pick up times.  I would never hesitate leaving my dog at hot diggity dog day care!
5	My boyfriend and I bring our Great Dane, Cobalt, here for the self serve baths. He's quite a big boy, but their grooming area is large enough even for him. The staff is always super helpful and truly love animals. There's always plenty of shampoos and towels and even a blow dryer if your pooch is okay with that. We love Hot Diggity Dog.
5	My Bella LOVES everything about Hot Diggity Dog.  The staff is super friendly and genuinely cares about providing the best care possible.  Both Bella and myself are greeted warmly when we enter the facility.  Bella always knows when we are getting close to "camp" and starts bouncing around the car and acting very excited.  She can hardly wait to get into the building to start playing!  I use them weekly for her to go to daycare and get some wonderful exercise.  I have also used them for overnight stays and have been extremely satisfied with the care and communication that I have received.  I cannot say enough wonderful things about Hot Diggity Dog!  Simply the BEST in town!!!
5	Not sure who loves HDD more, us or our dog. They keep him busy and tire him out so that we can have some quality human time. We've tried a couple other places but we always come back to HDD! Our dog gets excited when we tell him he's gonna go play with his friends and see "the girls". It's totally worth the extra couple miles for us because we trust them so much with our little boy.Bonus: they give Military discounts. I've been trying to convince all of the Joe's to bring their dogs here.
5	My chocolate labs Dually and Dixie absolutely love HDD, and I do too!  HDD has very convenient hours as you can pretty much drop off and pick up and any hour as long as you make arrangements.  Their grooming services are awesome and left our dogs smelling amazing and so soft for over two weeks!  HDD's prices are very reasonable.  I also love the web cams to check in on them while at work.  It's nice to see them playing and having a ball.  In the summer, HDD takes the dogs outside for pool time, and what lab doesn't love water time?!?  The staff is very friendly and always happy to see us come in.  I have not used the overnight boarding services because our dogs generally come with us everywhere we go, but if we needed to, I would not hesitate to leave them.  I highly recommend HDD to anyone who has a dog that needs some extra play time!
5	I came to vegas and had a hard time finding a daycare for my pitbulls. Most will not take all breads even if they are great dogs. Ive been coming here for almost a year and i love it. The staff is great and the web cameras are the best. I highly recommend them! My dogs live it here and they are so relaxed after.
3	Boarded our 9 mos pitbull while we enjoyed a thanksgiving in Vegas. He was able to play with other dogs. Reasonably priced and really nice staff!I am amending this review and it took me awhile to update:We realized after we picked him up that his injuries were extensive. We had only been told about a neck injury (a large gash that they treated with antibiotics) but later we found that he had bloody scratches along his sides, as if he had been mounted. We also noticed that he was timid and scared (his tail covering his backside) at the dog park recently. We have never seen him act like this prior to going to the day care. They did take our dog in last minute during a holiday which we appreciate. But our advice is that maybe for younger dogs, it isn't ideal, as there are a lot of other dogs and it can be overwhelming.
5	Pretty impressed with this place. They came highly recommended from a friend of mine that brings her dog weekly. We got a quick tour when we did our dog's evaluation and the place is clean considering they are a daycare...for dogs. We left our pup with them for a few days when we went out of town. She did the daycare and then boarded at night. They have webcams in each daycare area so we were able to check on her as much as we wanted. One time we checked in on her via webcam they were cleaning up the floor with the dry vac that they use. We could see our dog a little scared off to the side (no surprise, she hates the vacuum at home)...but when the girl finished she walked directly over to her and picked her up and pet her for a minute. Can't be sure if she really realized how nervous the vac had made our dog but I can't express how grateful I was for that! We are pretty overprotective of our pouch but I definitely trust them after our first experience!
5	I've been bringing my dogs to Hot Diggity Dog daycare since they opened.  My dog does not get along well with  all dogs, so I private board her. I was afraid she'd be bored and even sad being all alone.  So. You can imagine my excitement when I saw pictures of her playing and having a great time. The staff takes the time to play & interact with her. I also appreciate the flexible hours.
