2	Me&hubby needed a fast lunch - haven't been to KFC in years - stopped in. I don't like when the cashier WAITS at the register for you to look over the menu. Like I said we haven't been in for years and needed to look over menu. We were the only ones in line and asked questions that I am not sure the guy understood. He'd say something then someone from the back said something too. Confusing! Finally deciding on the Chicken Littles, we asked for 1 side of mashed potatoes and 1 of cole slaw.Of course, when we got home there were 2 cole slaws. Idk - there are SO very many places to go for a bite - think we are done with KFC for another few years.
1	I have not been to KFC in years.  After several commercials touting the $3.99 combos I thought I would stray from my normal spots that specialize in chicken and give them another chance.Upon ordering at the drive thru the cashier seemed distracted.  When she recapped my order she only recapped the sides not the entrees and she got the drinks wrong.When I pulled up to the window for my total I was horrified at the full amount.  I was told the price on the menu was just for the entree that the meal was extra. I had to wait for about 5 minutes for my wedges to cook.Once I got home I realized my 6 piece tender was short 3 tenders and my sides were all wrong.I immediately called hoping that they would realize their error.  I was told I would have to come back to correct this. I offered my receipt number and I was told they just need my name and I would HAVE to come back.  After much hemming and hawing I drove back with my receipt.  I asked for a full refund for my inconvenience and I was told that I didn't bring the food back per policy they could not refund me.  When I called I was not told I had to bring the food back.  I was told it did not matter it was clearly posted on the drive thru window.  I asked how I was supposed to bring back food that I did not receive and she said it's simply policy to teach employees what they did wrong.The cashier admitted what she did wrong, there didn't seem to be a need to have the missing food there to correct this but the "manager" stuck to her policy.I was able to get a partial refund but only after I asked for her to give me her refusal in writing as I planned to write my bank to dispute the charge after this experience.She did not care that she was losing a customer and that I was impacting others in line with my story. As for the food I did receive - the chicken bites are nothing like the commercials.  They were flat, dry and bland.  The chicken fingers were also bland.Do yourself a favor and drive a few miles north or east to one of the other restaurants that specialize in chicken.
4	Never have a problem here at all. We normally go for lunch getting 5 dollar deals, or the go meal. They always get it correct and are friendly about it. The cashier is normally prepping something, but as soon as you are ready to order they get right to the register. Really good customer service for the past year or so!
