4	I like it when people ask me where I live....."I stay at the Coronado Bay Club" it makes seem like I'm fancy.  I've lived here for more than two years, in two different units and I love it. These luxury apartments have all your standard amenities; pool, gas grills, gym, etc. It's just a lot nicer than most. Apartment living can be tough but at least here it doesn't feel like you're in the projects The buildings and landscaping are aesthetically pleasing...... I guess the palm trees and waterfalls help with that. Yes, we're living in the lap of luxury for a more than an affordable price. Just my style too, champagne taste on a beer budget. Only bad thing I have to say about this place is the walls are thin. Sorry neighbors jk lol ;)
4	I miss these apartments soooo bad :(  I lived here from March 2008 until August 2009, I had a 2BD/2BA on the 2nd floor, and they are really beautiful newer apartments!! I like how there are only 4 units to each building, its more like fancy condos than apartments! The complex is more like a resort too, with a clubhouse and big screen TV, 3 swimming pools, a heated hot tub, gated community with garages (but I chose not to buy one), spacious and modern layouts, up to 3 bedrooms, fireplaces, new and modern design inside including washer and dryer!  I also really like the location in SouthWest Las Vegas, about 15 minutes away from the Strip but far enough away from all the madness lol :) I made the big move to Los Angeles summer 09' and it really made me appreciate Las Vegas living..A place like Coronado would run at least 4k a month in L.A, and I was only paying $1050.. If you are considering moving to Vegas, I definitely recommend you take a look at these :)
2	Clean place to live and well kept, however you will have nothing but problems with the company and people that run this place. They are just out to rip people off. 1. I always paid my rent two weeks ahead of time and they threatened to evict me for not paying and when I showed them my proof of payment they were upset at me for their mistake. 2. Didn't get my deposit back because they said my carpets weren't cleaned when I had a free carpet cleaning for being a casino employee. (Be aware I know about 5 people whom had the same problem and our carpets weren't dirty upon move out). 3.The handle on my toilet broke once and it took calling them EVERYDAY and 5 days for them to fix it. And I know they weren't busy because all of the maintenance staff did was sat on their asses in the garage next to my apartment.4. Don't get to know any of the office staff because they change almost weekly. The assistant manager that I dealt with upon moving out mismanaged her paperwork so when I called to find out where my deposit was...no one in the office knew anything about it or had heard of her (only 3 weeks later). I had a one bedroom apartment and with a garage and one small pet paid $1005 a month. I pay this much for my house I currently live in and it's a lot bigger. Plus it wasn't worth it for all the shit you have to deal with there.
5	Would highly recommend Coronado Bay Apartments. They are very well-built structurally (my husband is a retired from construction so he knows about these things). We loved the location...so easy to get to everywhere in Vegas. Loved the amenities, and the maintenance staff and office staff were excellent. I especially loved no assigned parking. We NEVER had a problem with parking our two vehicles and it was nice to have people over and not have to worry if they were parking in a wrong spot. The only reason we moved was because we happened to find a house to purchase. Our plan is to watch the market over the next couple of years and if we can turn a good profit, we will sell our home and move right back to Coronado Bay Apartments.
1	We moved in 2 months ago and it's been horrible. Besides all the maintence issues I don't feel safe here. My neighbors warned me about all the break-ins. I feel a little better knowing that someone is always home, but its still scary especially with a 8 month old baby. When we moved in my door had all kinds of dents (I'm sure they tried breaking in) I had to call maintence to replace it. And just this morning my BF was leaving to work when he noticed 3 cops cars outside due to someone getting broken into in our neighbor building!!! They need security 24/7!!! And I'm sure the criminals are within the apartments... I'm sure they are watching like hawks to get down everyones schedule and break in when the tentants are at out/work. Don't move here!
1	I gave this place a 1 because I had to. 3 more apartments were burglarized in less than a month including mine and a neighbor this is ridiculous. The people who run this joint are not  doing nothing. I was told they fired the security guard that was on shift when my apartment was robbed then replaced that fuck up with another low life that's probably in on it. On top of that maintenance drops by nails your door frames together then tells you it will be 2 days before it  will be completely fixed. Such bullshit!  I'm sorry for the others that got robbed and it's sad that I can't just up and leave due to contractual obligations. My girlfriend is afraid every night and I stress while at work because I know Coronado Bay Apartments aren't doing what's necessary to insure their tenants safety. If you value your valuables do yourself a favor and move somewhere with a Complex that cares about the security of it most important asset. THE TENANT!!!
