5	I'm so glad that there is a new location by this area!  Cafe rio is a great Mexican restaurant at a pretty reasonable price. This is not an authentic Mexican restaurant but the food is still delicious. They are well known for their sweet pork and their enchilada style burrito. I would recommend to try the salad or the burrito although you won't be disappointed with anything you order here
1	Food is good but service is terrible, we are party of two and we get only one napkin cuz they don't have to many, only a few left, really?, they prepare the food the way they wanted no the way I want like the guacamole outside the burrito not inside like I want, plus they cover the outside with guacamole, bad experience
5	Cafe Rio greater than ChipotleThat's really all you need to know right? In the battle for the best burrito place in Vegas Cafe Rio is the big cheese- and that's because they actually have QUESO. Creamy, delicious, liquid cheese will fix just about any problem a restaurant has. Here is a short guide to Cafe Rio1. Get a burrito- yes they have other things, the other things are not as good as the burrito.2. Sauce spicyness +1 - the sauces are all extremely mild so whatever level of spice you would usually get you probably want to kick it up a notch3. Enchilada style- this is where they douse your burrito in sauce and cheese before toasting it. Essential. 4. Acceptable meats in order: pork, steak... thats it. They have shrimp and chicken but they are nowhere near as good so best to avoid5. Chips and Queso- this ties the meal together. The chips are actually pretty decent and while the queso isn't white (the holy grail of cheese dips is white queso with jalapenos) it is still by far the best option in town. A negative reviewer laments that they put guac outside the burrito... well if you ask them to put it inside they do, not sure Cafe Rio should be punished for people not knowing how to order food.
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE. The girls that work the line here have such terrible attitudes & their appearance makes me wish I went to the freaking McDonalds next door. A girl cutting chicken literally had a pack of cigarettes right next to her on the counter and another had a pack sticking completely out of her pocket. The girl that was cleaning tables was standing by the soda machine from the time I got there until I left talking to her friend. Save your time and go elsewhere, even the portions they give you at this location are not worth what you're paying. They put the food on your plate as if they're scared to put the right amount. I'm just going to keep going to the Centennial location, where you can tell the staff got trained and knows how to give good service. Even if it is a further drive. Oh, and the 1 star is for the cashier who is the only one that had a good positive attitude.
1	I was so happy cafe rio was in summerlin. First day I go there with my son and the girls for my order all wrong. Kids quesadilla and a salad but ok first week opening I figured they are new but the one girl who finishes the orders before the cashier has the worst attitude ever!!!!!! I love the food so I come again a few weeks later. Same girl same stink attitude!! Cashier was rude too. So I love the food but I'll never come here again.
4	Quick and easy pick up.  A new location so new employees but over all the same food as all other locations.  I love the Chicken Salads.
5	We almost didn't go due to a couple of bad reviews but decided to check it out for ourselves. Glad we did. Greeted with a friendly smile by girl doing clean up. Waited on by friendly server who made our orders neatly and promptly. The other folks behind counter quickly responded to our special requests with a smile. We ordered nachos and the whole crew broke out in a short rendition of 'Nacho Man'. Fun, friendly,  clean atmosphere.  Very good food, just like the CR on Centennial. Looks like this location has cleaned up their act.  Perhaps those who wrote the bad reviews will give them another try after all and rescind them.
5	Service is good and the place is cleanIt's a shame chained restaurants generally get less favorable reviews than their inferior mom & pop counterparts
2	So third try, not a charm. Everytime I have tried the Summerlin location the service is horrible. Today I was the only person in line and it was like I was bothering them with my basic order as they hurried me along not listening to anything I ordered. By the way besides the employee making my food every employee behind the counter were on their cell phones. The portions may be big but the flavor it's blah.....
4	I love this location - the service is excellent.  The quality is great.  I love the pulled chicken quesadilla with extra quacamole.  Yummy!
1	Do not call head they freget about your order. But food is go. But service suck I got there order was not field and wait 1:45 to fill it. I should of got in line it would of been faster. Next time I will go to the one on Sahara. That never happen to me at that location.
3	The good: Pork Quesdilla, chips and the Salsa. The bad: Crappy Velveeta Cheese dip masquerading as Queso.Definitely better than Chipotle.The quesadilla was amazing, and so big I gave half to my boyfriend. The chips were nice and fresh, and the salsa, while being REALLY watery, was flavorful. The queso though.. Meh. This is actually crappy Velveeta Cheesy dip with some salsa thrown in. It's not with $5. Just get the chips and salsa. It's cheaper and tastes better. The hot sauce they gave me barely counted as mild, but they do have a nice selection of hot sauces by the drink dispenser, so I can forgive that. The workers were nice, and quick about getting  my food out. However, I did notice them completely ignore a young woman who was trying to tell them they were out of ice. Just stood there and chattered away in spanish totally oblivious to everyone around them.
2	Kinda grossed out tonight normally love this place but the expo tonight was wearing gloves then Used cleaning product to wipe down the counter still with her gloves on and when a guy and his daughter ordered there food she wiped her hands with the dirty rag and made there quesadillas and tacos!! Super gross gloves are meant to be worn and once you touch chemicals or a dirty rag you should change them before going back to touch the food. This is stuff you should already know when working in a restaurant aren't you required to have a health card !!! Because this is a question on there! Management needs to have a talk with there staff about health because if someone were to get sick it could be bad. And to top it all off when I got home to eat my burrito the meat (Asada) was burnt. I won't be back here for a while. Disappointed..
4	Steak burrito, enchilada style was excellent!I got mine with the cilantro rice, black beans, steak, and hot sauce.Even though I got their hottest hot sauce it didn't seem spicy at all.They put the enchilada sauce and cheese on top then send it through a little conveyor belt oven that toasts the top beautifully!A little lettuce and pico on the side... yummy!
1	This location needs work. The food line is a cluster, they are all over the place. You need to watch them because they forget things. Soup was cold, tortilla was cold. They have 3 different kinds of tea and they were all empty! Annoying. I keep thinking they will get better but im disappointed every time.
5	Cafe Rio is one of my favorite place(s)The workers all have a happy faceGet your butt into that lineLook up and you'll see some fresh limesCheck out the menu is has a lot of foodAll of which is super goodI always order the fire grilled chicken (salad)The reason why is cuz it's bitchenFresh tortilla, tender chicken, salad, and some beansThat meal right there is fit for a QueenI top it with some creamy cilantroAnd always ask them for extra que-esoOk, this is a new Cafe Rio and it's semi close to my house. I legit love it, and will carb out on their fresh tortillas any day! I'm loyal to the fire grilled chicken salad (+1$ for grilled chicken) it's topped with your choice of beans and rice, chicken, salad, tortilla strips, queso, and cilantro with a side of guac. I get it sans pico though. All of the items on the menu are delicious, their steak is never over cook, nor is the fire grilled chicken. Most of them items can be ordered "wet" but I never opt for that.They have a variety of drinks including horchata, jamaica, and mint teas as well as the fountain drinks.I really like the customer service here, the workers are all super nice even when gringas make a big deal over not having green sauce ready THAT MINUTE. Lort forbid they had to wait 3 minutes. HMPF.Anywho, I got some bogo coupons (Rare!) so I def utilized them!!I love you CR!Yay!
