3	If action figures are your thing you will absolutely LOVE this place. There are action figures for every sci-fi, nerdly thing you can imagine. I say nerdly very lovingly :)They did have a few other things like Stargate costumes etc. I would have absolutely LOVED to see more like this. I feel they have the potential to be so much more than just action figures.The video game exhibit was extremely disappointing but we were told that one of the major donors pulled out at the last minute.All in all if you are in the area and looking for something cool to check out, certainly give this place a stop by.
4	Comic books, action figures, original artwork, AND a museum with a whole bunch of figures.  Really great fun :)
4	The Pop Culture Experience was fun for me. If I had to categorize this place, I think I'd call it an action figure museum more than anything else.  The price for entering the museum was very cheap (just a few bucks). When I was there I was shocked at the amount of toys I saw. The only reason I don't give this place five stars is because they had almost no Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles in their museum when I went to see it (hint, hint). The entry of the Museum has some action figures for sale and a rather decent selection of current age comics and packs. The only downfall i see to this place is that once you've paid to go in once, the hype is over. The replay value of the museum is limited as it does not have very good advertised changes for its exhibits.
5	$5 for a trip down memory lane.  Good deal!
5	The museum also has an area that is filled with really cool shirts/posters/cutouts/etc that are reasonably priced. The museum itself is definitely worth the $5 to view- a nice trip down memory lane!! I've been in both the museum and the comic book store. Both are cool and both times an amazing associate named Pierre was working. Seriously, if you want AMAZING and KNOWLEDGABLE customer service then Pierre is your guy!!
4	My head a'splode.The museum consists of about a bajillion action figures, presented in rigid organization but entirely without explanation.  It is the apotheosis of collecting. It is STUFF.I'm sure there are action figure lines not represented here, but I'm so distracted by Things I Did Not Know Existed that it's hard to care. Did you know there was an entire line of Hogan's Heroes 12" dolls? Well, now you do.Between them, the GI Joes, and a few other military lines, if Barbie likes men in uniform, she can do better than Ken. Space Camp Barbie -- also present -- probably trained with some of these guys.From a doll collecting standpoint, the most interesting display is probably the full Be Goth line, though SO MANY comic-book-type series got 12" dolls that there's no lack of stuff of interest.I'd call it worth the $5, and the staff is very nice.
