4	Finally!! Europe's low-budget fashion secret is in Vegas! H&M has landed (at two LV Strip locations)! This one -- at the freshly opened Town Square location -- is packed with all sorts of gorgeous, easily accessible things for women, men, and children.I got a new coat! Um, I mean, my mom & dad bought me a new coat that I'm supposed to be surprised about for Christmas. (Fortunately, I'm a wonderful actress and will give them a show they won't soon forget!)Anyways, this new location was relatively  crowd-free, the staff was very friendly, and even my dad had an easy time working his way through the racks and stacks of chic clothes, shoes, and accessories. (things that usually leave him outside, waiting in fear by the car) All for unbelievably low prices. (a fact that left my dad feeling *pleased*. Not a term we used for him at xmas!)The only downside was though they'd only been open for under a month, they seemed to be out of a lot of different stuff. I don't know why that really surprised me. H&M has that certain something that works whether you're in Vegas, San Francisco, or Nice.
3	I guess if I were middle-aged and working here on a beautiful Saturday afternoon at this "town center" mall on steroids just under the flight path of the Las Vegas airport that I'd be a complete b*, too.The only redeeming factor is that this H&M is huge.  The biggest I've yet to encounter.  This translates to decent selection.  My sister-in-law got a steal on a super jacket and essentially got 60 percent off.  Saved big by getting a few things at $14.99, so that must make hubby happy. :)No excuse why the sales ladies need to be such rude hags, though.
4	I love H&M!  I discovered the brand when visiting a friend in Spain many years ago.  I didn't even know they existed in the U.S. until my travels took me to New York last year, and I found out they had a bunch of shops.  I went to one and bought a bunch of new shirts, and wondered why they weren't more prevalent on the west coast.  Well, I waited, and they finally opened a shop at the Miracle Mile inside Planet Hollywood.  I was happy, but sad to see it was tiny.  So when they opened this larger location at Town Center, I smiled.  It's kind of a drive for me, but definitely worth it.  You can find some really cool stuff here for super cheap.  I picked up a white button up shirt and a vest for under $40.  Sure, it's not as big as some of the metropolitan area H&M's around the country, but it'll do.  Strangely, they don't take American Express here.  Hmmm.
4	When my buddies told me I'm totally ghey for shopping at H&M... I countered by saying "OH YEah? Where else can you get slim fitting trousers for 40 bucks??? " There was this awkward silence as they just stared at me...  I feel as though I won that argument though, right? no?  Agree to disagree, then.  ...anyhoo, this H&M is pretty damn big so you won't be disappointed with the selection.  It's great that it's here in Vegas so that even after you blow a ton of cash at the clubs + casinos, you can cop a whole outfit for what you paid for 2 whiskey sours at TAO...
4	If you have a car, I suggest you skip going to the Miracle Mile location and go to this one! For a guy that shops at H&M, the selection at Planet Hollywood's location is crap compared to this place. And this Town Square place is new to me. Really, really nice though. For all you Bay Area heads, this location is comparable to Stoneridge in Pleasanton or Great Mall in Milpitas. Actually it might be bigger than either location. Orange County folks can compare this to the South Coast Metro Pointe location. Is it me or do you also come here expecting to buy something, but end up walking away with either nothing or some sort of pity purchase? Granted I was handed a 20% off one item coupon in-store. The thing is most of the stuff I was interested didn't have my size, so I ended up using the coupon on a dress shirt out of frustration. What also slightly bothered me was the sales people handing me the coupons. I mean there's nothing wrong with that, its just that before coming to Vegas I printed out multiple copies of the coupon online only to have more handed to me inside. FML sorta.While you're here, you might as well browse the rest of Town Square. Its a short drive south of the strip, but its pretty sweet.
3	Great selection and fun items displayed on the mannequins. Loved the organized racks and great cardigan and coat collection.But the big drawback? Really snooty boy cashiers who were only content in talking with each other, not the customer. I should have knocked some sense into the guy who was ringing me up. Thanks and have a nice day??? Unfortunately it seemed to be a foreign concept.But, H&M is what it is. A Forever 21 for Swedes. I guess I can't expect customer service to come with the affordable clothing.
3	Came in here just to check it out and I think I might have tried to return something.  Pretty busy for a Las Vegas location.  Honestly thought, this is not really the place for someone of my taste to shop.  I could probably only wear a some of their clothes and the rest would look weird on me.  If H&M clothes are your style and you're a man, you might be a little metro.  No offense to that, it's just that I think this place caters to a specific trendiness that is not fit for everyone.  Otherwise I'd give this place a 3.5 stars.
5	I'm 6'7 and very skinny, so clothes shopping has always been almost impossible. I also tailor my style towards dress shirts and pants/jeans, sports coats and and jackets and what not. Not only is H&M stylish, but its cheap, and most everything is slim fit and fits me! I know most Americans are growing more and more obese and clothiers are tailoring their clothes bigger, but H&M being European, it seems have kept their clothing slim fit and i really appreciate it. Value, Style and Fit are the most important things for clothes shopping, so i pretty much shop at H&M for 75% of my wardrobe.
4	The gods of fashion were listening to me. They graced us with an H&M on the west coast!This place may not be as big as their eastern counter parts, but you can sure make a dent in your pocket book. From blouses, leggings, handbags to jean they carry it all (both men and women fashions). The sizing is a bit odd, but they carry petite sizes which is great for me!!! I was able to get a cute animal printed blouse for $15 (I'm a sucker for animal print).It's located in the Miracle Mile Shops in Planet Hollywood, so stop by for some affordable fashion if you're in the area!
1	AWFUL customer service!!! The lady was very very rude at the counter when I tried to return something. I have the receipt, the shirt which was NEVER WORN, tags were still on, not really sure what else she needed.One problem... the credit card I used to buy the shirt had since become expired. Bad luck I guess... they refused to give me money back. I showed her the card, and how it was expired, showed them the NEW CARD that had replaced the expired one, and the only thing they would tell me is sorry, merchandise credit only. I HAVE THE RECEIPT! The TAGS are still ON IT.... SERIOUSLY!?? I don't want another cheap piece of clothing, I don't EVER want to come back to this store EVER AGAIN! The manager came over, and didn't do anything just repeated the same thing the lady said. Why did you bother calling your manager, when he isn't going to do anything.I have never understood why people working in retail think they are better than the customer. HELLO, you are a CASHIER at H&M. You basically suck at life, and you have the balls to be RUDE to me, the person keeping you employed by shopping there? Doesn't make sense to me. I will NEVER be back to the this store again.
3	H&M is a great addition to the Town Square shopping mall.  They offer good clothing at a great price.  The store isn't as good as the stores in New York, but comparing Vegas and New York is like Apples and Oranges.  H&M still delivers a great selection and is great about online returns to the store, so, if you can't find what your looking for in the store you can go to your computer.
4	As a local, it's a treat to have H&M. It's also located in my favorite shopping area, Town Square! I've been to the H&M in Hong Kong, this store is definitely smaller but still brings in a lot of variety. I can't complaint, it's a great addition to basic stores like Banana Republic, J Crew, etc. The staff can treat me as bad as they want, I am a happy camper that this store is in town.
5	Dear H&M,Thank you so much for being in Las Vegas! I love your service so much! No matter how's others think, but I think you guys are so great! I get my blue dress the next day.... call me in the morning, pick up at night and the dress still there! Also, I love your guys lingeries section, variety style, especially in purple color :) Just one thing.... I spend tooooooo much in your store cuz I love pretty much allllllll your clothing! lol...
5	This was the first store that we walked into as soon as we parked the car. This store was for everyone, from parents, to teenagers and young men, to little kids like my son. They had a nice selection of clothes and accessories to choose from. The store was clean and well presented.I started to look in the casual womens section for things, but did not see much that I liked (picky person). Then I went on to the kids section and noticed that they had a nice couple of shorts and shirts to go with them. One was a purple greenish plaid shorts with other colors. I found a shirt to go with it. Then I picked up another pair of shorts that were brown and orange and a matching shirt to go with it. The shirts were $9.95 a piece, and the shorts were $12.95 per shirt. Thanks, H&M
5	Outfit to rock on the strip. This H&M was pretty much one of my favorite stores. Layout was great and their selection was very trendy.
3	H&M has become hit or miss for me. When this location first opened I was in heaven. H&M offers great basic items at really reasonable prices. They also have some pretty adorable accessories. I hate how busy they seem to be the majority of the time I go in these days. The dressing rooms become a zoo on most weekends, and there is no way I am waiting in a line of 20+ people to purchase a couple items... no matter how cute or cheap they are.I should probably start doing my H&M shopping on weekdays...
5	I love H&M! Specially this one because it's humongous! They have a formal section, casual section, kids section and even under garments section (that's how you know it's huge). So basically you can shop for everyone all in one great store. Oh and if you've never been to an H&M, the prices are cheap but no doubt you'll be looking good with money left in your wallet.
5	This is the only place I shop at for h&m clothing, the environment just seems more comfortable. There's also a section for men and kids. There's plenty of accessories and good deals on the clearance racks.
4	You have to love H&M!!! Great clothes at a great price is hard to beat!  For me personally a lot of the clothes are tight around the shoulders, but for the price and quality it's pretty hard to beat!!!  I highly recommend H&M if you haven't already tried the place out!!!
4	This store is awesome!Having been to many different H&M's, this one is quite good. The staff isn't douchy.I was looking for a particular size and color in a shirt, and they didn't have it, but instead of saying "We don't have it." The guy said, "Dude, check out our Forum Shops store, there is a WAY bigger selection there."He actually made the conversation exciting and made me WANT to go there. He came up with a solution rather than a blunt answer. I appreciated that.As far as the rest of the staff, they aren't pushy, they stay our of your business, but know when you need help with something.The fitting room attendants aren't annoying or problematic. The only thing that could have made the experience better is the line was a bit long, and the poor girl at the counter was the only one attending to people. It was a Wednesday around lunchtime though. But she needed help. No worries though.Still had a great experience.
4	I love H&M, they are affordable and have some unique styles. I am the type that loves embellishments; give me zippers, buttons, clasps, pins, and patches on my clothes. The fact that they are using organic cotton and recycled fibers intrigue me. Their dress clothes are stiff and abrasive against the skin, at first, but after a few washes they won't irritate. They are good for work. Especially if you are looking for cheap, stylish, and you won't be heartbroken if they get messed up. H&M's casual wear is more my style. Their t-shirts and jackets appeal to my excessive need for bedazzlement.Try everything on, because they don't seem to have any standard size. I was swimming in a medium button up, but tried another style only to have it fit perfectly. This happened with jackets, under shirts, and pants. It cannot be a fluke.
4	Love the size of the store! 3 levels to be exact. I bought for my kids and husband. Great prices. Would like to see their sales associates actually assisting customers.
5	I only decided to visit Las Vegas for about a week and happened to come across my favorite store. I told myself I wouldn't buy anything during my stay, but I love love love H&M. I never leave the store empty-handed. This store is just like any other H&M store I've been to, pretty big. From casual to dressy attire, H&M is where you will most likely find it. They're a little more on the dressy side, but that's a style that I love.I forgot what it was, but I wanted to try it on with a dress that I wanted to buy. He told me that they normally wouldn't let the  accessory be worn unless I buy it, but he said he he would let me anyway and also asked if I wanted anything else. Friendly staff !
3	Do you ever walk into this store and think it looks a little jankity-jank compared to other stores in Town Square? Well, actually just other clothing stores in general. Maybe it's just me but I always feel like when I get into H&M the racks just look too full and the clothes are kinda haphazard and weird. Maybe it's their thing....But with that being said, I do like H&M. The weird thing is I hardly ever leave the store with anything. It's like I go in, browse, like things, but then I just can't commit. I think it might be because my style is so simple. I'm a jeans and funny/ironic t-shirt kind of gal. Or I just like to wear a dress... but I don't like my dresses to have ridiculous things like zippers and flowers hanging all off of it.All in all I do like H&M for what it is, but again I just can't get past the thrift-store look in what I assume is a nice store. Also, I have hardly ever been greeted and the employees here typically don't say much to the patrons.
4	I had never been to an H&M before but I was so mesmerized by this particular one in Caesars as I ate my brunch at Max Brenner. I told my friend during brunch that I would like to see what that store had to offer. Can I just say that this particular location had 3 stories of wonderfulness to offer! The place was fricken huge! Although I didn't buy anything, I still had a blast looking at all the clothes, funky shoes, and accessories. Also crazy was that there was a live DJ on his own little balcony on the 2nd floor spinning music!!! This was by far one of the biggest stores I had ever been to and the prices were really cheap! There were a couple of negatives though: their sizes are European so be prepared to have to try stuff on if you don't know what your European size is, the lines for the cashiers were also a bit long. These two issues actually were blessings for me because I did see some things I wanted to buy but decided against it since I didn't want to try anything on or wait in long lines. I would still say though that if you are having a shopping spree and have money to burn in Vegas, the forum shops at Vegas is your place and the H&M shop there is a must!
3	This isn't my favorite H&M, but I don't hate it either. What I love most about it is its more substantial collection of business casual and suit pieces that appeal to the crowd whose daily wardrobe doesn't consist of dayglo jeans, fringe vests and bedazzled hotpants (all of which I've seen here).I make most of my judgments on an establishment based on the parking situation (so I'm lazy, sue me), and Town Square is fairly easy to access in comparison to the other two properties in which H&M's are located at and the H&M here is right on the edge of the shopping center. Which means if you don't want the temptation of popping into other stores by default (see: walking back to your car), you can come to this H&M, pop in, pop out and not lay eyes on another store save Old Navy. And be honest, do you really want to stop in an Old Navy after  visiting H&M?They have a great selection of jewelry, probably equal to the Forum Shops location and their adult clothing (see: post grads with real jobs clothing) is relatively inexpensive and trendy without being over the top. They also have pretty great sales which can incite sample sale-like frenzies, so beware.The staff is your typical American Apparel model rejects/hopefuls, so don't expect too much assistance and accept H&M for what it is: cheap, semi-well made clothing with subpar customer service and you'll be ok. All in all, a decent H&M.
3	This store is so hit or miss, and usually it's a miss for me. More often than not I leave with nothing, either because the music is so loud I don't even want to look around or the clothes are so disheveled I have no patience or interest in rummaging through a rack of clothes that has no organization, I feel like I'm at Ross (that's why I hate Ross) and then the few times I do find an item, the line to purchase is so long I lose interest in it.
4	This H&M location is nice that you don't have to go thru a casino to get to the store. Located in the Town Square outdoor mall, near Old Navy and the Rave movie theaters.H&M in general is =Fashion forward, yet can be classicAffordable yet if you stay here too long you'll hurt your walletMessy, but sometimes when I'm here it can be clean (depends if it's a busy weekend).Can't find a present? Get a giftcard! I'll forever be a fan!
4	Cheap and affordableClothing: trendy & classic. Pretty much fashion is going back wards. I'd like to see more high waist shorts there but then again I did go in winter. Price: affordable, the clothing is actually pretty good material. I shop there a couple times and my clothes still look new. Location: I actually really like where its located in town square. At the corner near a huge parking lot. I love just parking and walking to one store and leaving to avoid spending more at stores lol
4	We went on a Saturday and holy moley this place was crowded. The store is super big but they only have 3 registers. The lines were incredibly long and we waited about 20 min in line for just 2 tank tops. I was getting super frustrated. Other than that, I love H&M. They have nice affordable stuff. I wish there was one in North Las Vegas. All the other ones are way too far from me. I used to go to H&M a lot when I lived in Germany. There is like 5 in every corner, which also means when you buy a shirt and walk out you see 5 other people walking around with it, too. The best thing I like about this store is the quality of their merchandise. I have tshirts that I bought back in 2005 and I can still wear them. I would love to go back to do some more shopping, but I really hated the long lines. Maybe this time I will go on a Tuesday morning?
4	When you want a lot of clothes for not to much. It use to be a must before we got one locally. But this particular H & M seems to have more selection then at home.
4	My galpal - Candy - and I are huge fans of Audrey Hepburn, not only for her elegance but for her fashion style. To honor the woman who draped herself in what is my favorite accessory, we shuffled our way to H&M to look for scarves after a yogurt treat right across at yogurtland. The store was neatly organized, allocating womens clothing on the left and mens on the right with clear dividers. For some reason, I feel like vintage 40s-60s fashion is slowly getting back in trend. Conservative dresses, ribbons, pleats, and golden shoulder buttons are in and I am liking it! Hung in the accessory area were lines of scarves made of all sorts of materials from cotton to silk. For roughly $9 a scarf, you have the ability to create and re-create looks. During her days as a struggling artist, Audrey Hepburn was well-known for wearing the same set of clothes day in and out of theatre but because she had 14 different scarves to alternate every now and then, she always looked fresh and attractive. Sadly, my friend and I didn't have a budget for new scarves so that'll probably have to wait a while. Besides the casual, business, chic styles up front of the store near the entrance, you can also find some good active wear essentials at the back. Because the quality of their clothing material was really good, you could also expect the prices to be a tad bit higher compared to Forever 21. In the end, I settled with buying myself a tank top and jogging shorts at Forever21 for only about $7-8 combined. Gotta squeeze every penny while I'm in college. This road to nursing and medical school (cross my fingers) is long and tuition won't pay for itself.
5	Town Square H&M: 1  All other H&M locations in LV: 0 I honestly do not even consider visiting any other H&M other than this location. First off, it's off the strip so you don't have to deal with the busy traffic of tourists all over the streets. Secondly, it's off the strip so you don't have to deal with the busy traffic of tourists all in the stores. And lastly, it's off the strip so you don't have to deal with the busy traffic of tourists taking all the sizes! The size of the store is perfect in my opinion. You may be disappointed coming here after you get to experience the 3 floors of massive selling space that the The Forum Shops' location has to offer, but I'm always able to find everything I need just fine. They have a section for 'casual business', seasonal line, 'the Divided brand', undergarments, children, a small corner for fitness apparel, and of course men. I've skimmed other reviews and they said that the store can be messy. I haven't experienced that yet, but then again, I always go early morning/afternoon. Try to avoid the crowds, and it's always a happy shopping experience!
4	Decent but not as large as the other H&M at Caesars
3	I have to agree with some of the reviews; I've been a supervisor at many retail stores and the rule of thumb is a 3 sec. Rule to greet the customer when they walk in, and you must check with every customer at least 3 times; none of that was being done to the customers that was there or to me for that matter. Understaffed?, I can see so imma cut you guys some slacks. This is my top pick to shop for clothes. It's cheap and it fits my taste. That is all.
4	This H&M location is great for many reasons. First of all, they have adults and children clothing in here, so there is something for everyone. There is even an 'intimates' section. I love the accessories and shoes section. Typically, there is one section dedicated to clearance. They are also very good at marking which items are for sale, so they are easy to find. Lastly, it is right in front of Yogurtland!Don't forget to follow H&M on Facebook since they sometimes release coupons, such as 15% off entire purchase or 20% off of one item, etc. I have never had a problem redeeming a coupon here.
2	Not a fan. Would rather go to Forever 21 for the same shit for less money. I also love it that every single time I have been to this location, the security officer follows me the entire time I am there and yet, every skinny barbie gets to shop without hassle. I guess being heavily tattooed means you are a target and a shoplifter. I don't like being treated like crap, especially when I spend money.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE!  Although I do not find everything I want, I think H&M has some of the cutest clothes for a good price.  Maybe you can find something similar for cheaper at Ross, but they have sales racks all the time!  Ranging from $5-$20......They have sophisticated, classy, and trendy looks.  I feel like I can buy cute adult clothes here.  Sometimes they do not have anything for me, but most of the time I find something I am looking for.  Shoes are great here!  Maybe not be the most comfortable, but they are sold for a great price!  I bought a dress today that I have wanted for so long and it finally went on sale, $15!  YEAHHHH BUDDY!  The store clerks are friendly, could be a little bit more friendlier.  When you get busy I understand its hard to help everyone, but give me a smile and a thank you!  Besides the long lines I love this place!
3	This H&M store is usually a hit or miss for me.  There are several times where I buy tons of clothes here and there are times where I cant seem to find anything at all.  The place always seems like a mess especially the areas where it has shoes and handbags.Though its cheap and affordable, I feel like after a few washes it doesnt seem wearable anymore.The selection of clothes is a variety from business attire to casual wear.  They do have some very cute outfits and it is a good place to shop for gifts especially if they like these types of clothing style.  Furthermore,  last time I visited H&M, it seems like they remodeled the place well more like change some things around. I am not quite sure if it was more organized, I didnt really look through the whole store.  Anyways, the cashiers there are good, they usually get through customers quite fast and when they see a long line they call for backup right away.
2	Good selection of items. Definitely love the actually location of this store . Customer Service was terrible! And I mean TERRIBLE. I'm used to waiting in a long line at H&M. The great prices make up for the time spent in line. Sadly this time it was worse then usual. Betty called us to her register then WALKED away. Which had she of said ill BRB or let me help someone or any sort of comment. Instead she just walked off. When she finally arrived I let her know she shouldn't of called us up and walked off. She proceeded to shrug it off in shock I mentioned it. After ringing us up she proceeded to stuff all our items in the smallest bag possible. When I asked for a larger bag she again came with the attitude and said " I guess ill just put one bag with boys clothes/ one with girls.. " ok my daughter had more items so that bag was still stuffed. *Sigh* I usually don't do reviews for chains but this experience left a truly bad taste in myMouth :(I even called their hotline to complain .Beware of Betty!!! But enjoy the clothes
1	horrible customer service and very unorganized.  Bought 6 sweaters for my kids, three of the items were on sale but the other three were not. The sweaters were identical other than  different sized, and were all under a big sign saying buy 2 get 1 free. Manager did not honor the sale, and did not even say why she couldn't.
1	Never leave this store happy. Terrible customer service! Never enough people at the cash wrap, and the people at the cash wrap can't handle their jobs! Every time I go in I try to remember the great H&M's on the easy coast... But these are a far cry from those!
5	I've always been upset with how easy women had it when it came to shopping.  Seems like they could go anywhere and find a nice outfit for next to nothing.  I always asked "why don't men ever get that luxury? "  Guess somebody heard me... because H&M is the answer to that 1 question that I and so many other men have asked.  Wether it's jeans and a t-shirt,  or a nice suit and tie,  you can find it here.  The staff is very helpful, and the location of this store is perfect.
4	I'll keep this review short and sweet.I've always been a fan of this store. I always find what I need here. Whether it be a basic burgundy long sleeve, a white button up or a bold necklace. They have a wide variety of clothing and accessories for men and women. The color selections are insane and a lot of the items are unisex. I do have a few scarves that I picked from the mens side. Only reason I docked a star was because it can be messy at times and the wait at the cash register can be annoying. Other than that, I will continue to shop here whenever I need to find a specific something.
4	This location is always clean and easy to shop, and they always have plenty of nice men's and women's clothing and accessories in stock. The prices at H&M are affordable, and may even be inexpensive if they're having a sale or items are on clearance. Sometimes I can't believe the deals I'm getting here! My only gripe was that it was difficult to locate a salesperson on my most recent trip here and the line at the register is typically long because there are only 1 or 2 cashiers at any given time. Other than the wait times, this store is great
3	H&M features some pretty good clothes at some very reasonable prices. Unfortunately, the shopping experience and customer service at this location is abysmal.This store appears to be more disorganized than most. Most of the sale clothing racks are just extra small or XXL sizes, nothing for the regular sized people. The clearance area is usually a complete wreck. Finding what you're looking for is hit or miss and I can't help but notice the mess makes the place looks like a trendier version of Ross.Asking a sales associate if they have extra sizes illicit a common response: "everything we have is out here." Fortunately, H&M has enough promotions and sales to keep me coming back. Its hard to beat their prices and styles aren't bad either.
2	I love the clothing that H&M has, but this store is completely incapable of handling a big sale. There were no employees anywhere to be found for assistance. The guy at the fitting room seemed as if we were an inconvenience to him. And now we've been waiting in line for more than 40 minutes, when we only had about 6 people in front of us. H&M you need to step up your customer service and speed of service. Until then I will be shopping else where. In a store that appreciates my business.
3	Happy to finally live in a city that has this store! It is a fairly large location, though I've heard that the two-story locations are largest: haven't been to one, don't have anything to compare this to other than one I went to years ago.Subtracted a star due to the messy and disheveled state of the clothing racks- I understand it's a popular store, but for an early afternoon weekday, it was messier than what was expected or acceptable.Clearance section was not even remotely organized- mostly because I could not find it. There was a concentration of orange tags in one corner of the store, but there were plenty of non-sale items mixed into that section. Very odd.Opted for a dress priced at $15 and a clearance sweater marked at $7- cashier rang me up with an additional but unmentioned $3 discount. Maybe that was to make up for the fact that out of two employees running two registers, the left line I was in took nearly 15 minutes but people were flying through the one on the right?
3	I like H & M when I can actually find my size and something that fits right. They actually have some cute stuff but finding the right fit can be tough as my sizes normally run out pretty quickly. Some things are reasonably price and other things I wouldn't even pay $40 plus for. Their kids clothes are cute too. The selection is smaller unlike the women's which can fill up about 2.5 sections of the store. I was able to score some pants for my little tot for a reasonable price more reasonable than a big box store surprisingly. I'll have to see how they hold up with a weekly washing but kids grow out of things fast so spending $$$ is not in my budget. I would definitely say come here on a weekday if possible. The weekends and holiday weekends can get quite packed and the line for the cashier can be long. Overall it's decent when you can find something and pricing can be reasonable for the quality.
1	i always shop at h&m. me and my brother bought a lot of stuff at h&m caesars palace last week. And yesterday we went to h&m town square just to do price adjustment because they charge me the regular price which the item that i bought at h&m caesars palace was on sale. so i have the reciept and the item. the cashier on the register name ROSE told as that the item didint match the one on the reciept and accused us that we stole the item! and they didnt even apologize and treat us like a criminal and kick us out of the store...it was a really bad customer service! they should terminate her. she should not working in a retail store. stole or stealing is not the right word to tell to the customer.!
1	First off I am a huge fan of the H&M brand. But each time I go to the Town Square location it's very inconvenient to check out, especially this time. The store was closing and I was waiting in line prior to the actual closing time. Once I got to the counter and started to check out, the mngr on duty was extremely rude and not professional at all. I spent a little over $450 and it was very apparent that my business was not welcomed. Please train your entire management staff on how to be professional when representing another persons brand. Horrible attitude and very rude people.
3	I like it for my wife, clothes are cheap and trendy...Of course my wife is Filipino, and this is a must (like Facebook)...I'm always looking for a place to sit down, and the mens department looks a little gay for me...This place is as busy as Walmart...
2	I always love going to H&M because their clothes are super cute and have great prices but the lack of customer service makes it a downer because I really like this place in town square, it's all set up great. No one even bothers to help you out unless if you go up to the cash wrap or fitting room. I was in there for a good 20-30 minutes and not one person asked me if I was doing okay, but they sure can talk amongst themselves and goof off. One particular employee was doing her shop backs and pretty much squeezed right past me without saying anything, even an excuse me would be appreciated. Fitting room guy wasn't exactly a pleasant person either. Only decent employee I saw in there (the only one I actually talked to) was Aryela (I really don't know if I spelled that right) , she was very sweet. Customer service is important people!! I will probably just take my business else where to the other locations in town.
4	I've been a fan of this chain for many years. It's cheap & I have never left the store without anything. I tend to buy things that I never came in looking for so I've ended up with dozens of scarves & ballerina flats :)They have a a great variety of business choices & casual wear. The only reason I didn't give them a five star rating is because sometimes the store is a mess. SALE times are always a tad messy but I still enjoy every shopping trip because I always end up with goodies.I hope one eventually opens on the West side of town!
4	I have found some really great deals here... i like this store in general because the European sizes fit me very well. They have a lot of stuff that I would never wear,  but for basic items, sometimes coats etc I shipping here.  Prices are pretty low and clothes are stylish.
1	The customer service from these girls are so bad. I called to ask if there was my size in a pair of leggings I liked online. The first lady named Megan put me on hold for about 2 minutes so that she could transfer me to the correct department. Then, another lady picked up the phone and asked me why I was calling, and again, I said I was wondering if you guys had something in stock like I liked online. Again, I was put on hold for about another 5 minutes, then another lady answered the phone and asked me what I was looking for and I said biker leggings. She said "ohhh okay just give me a sec", I told her I was put on hold for about 7 min and no one helped me. I said, "I have the Art. No (style number) right in front of me, and I wanted it in the Dark Denim color. She said, "okay hold on let me check". Less than 1 min later, she comes back on the phone and says we don't have the biker shorts or leggings in stock. HOW IN THE WORLD WOULD YOU KNOW WHICH BIKER LEGGINGS I WANTED?! she didn't take down the style number or anything, and she probably didn't even look for it. Then she said, "sorry, bye" then hung up. HOW RUDE ARE YOU?! Totally ruined my thoughts of H&M. You lost a customer. Bye.
1	Lousy customer service!!! The blonde girl & the cashier boy (short one) you both sucks!!! Made me wait in line for nothing. I picked 2 Pima basic for $20. The cashier boy said it's $12.95 each. I have to get the right one, went back to the rack, met the blonde near the front door, she said "yes, they're 2 for $20" I went back to the cashier he insist "no, they didn't ring up" WTF! It's not rocket science. Every H&M has it, can't believe it!!! I will call your head office for such an incompetent service.No surprised, Maghan (the blonde girl) gave me bad number for customer service. However, I found one
