4	Very friendly office staff and clean grounds, pools and new fitness room. Trees and quiet feeling made this my choice.  There are monthly events for tenants and free dvd rentals from the office.  We re moving in for a short trm rental which was difficult to find in Vegas.
5	Very clean, quiet & new apartments! I never ever hear my neighbors & the maintenance staff always shows up within the same day. The owners are committed to the place, as evidenced by them having all the roofing in the complex redone this summer & upgrading the gym equipment. Love my apt! :-)
4	Having lived here for about a month now, I think it's finally time for me to write a review.My girlfriend and I just moved from New York, and almost all of our apartment hunting was done online. I had a friend in the area who could go and look at some places for me, but I didn't want to ask unless I was almost sure that's where we wanted to live. After tons of research on Yelp, and apartment ratings.com amongst other sources, I narrowed the places down based on feedback about things like management. I actually made a spreadsheet. Haha it was pretty thorough. For me, having brand-new amenities and apartment buildings is nice, but if you don't have amazing management to back things up and to give you a smooth experience while you live there... You're likely going to end up unhappy. What makes it even harder, is that practically every apartment building in Las Vegas has a lot of complaints about it, or at least SOME complaints. However, rating an apartment isn't like rating a restaurant, and I found many reviews to be useless because it was of one bad experience they had. Crystal Cove was one of the few places I found that seemed to have a virtually spotless reputation online. Even in the not recommended reviews on yelp, everything people said was generally very positive. This and Altessa were our top 2 options, so I contacted both and tried to figure out pricing and what the situation would be. I chose Crystal Cove for a variety of reasons. 1) Value - the 900 some square feet that Crystal Cove offered me was only $909 per month. Altessa quoted me something in the $1050 range I believe, and I don't think it included trash pickup fees. Over a year, that would add up to some great savings. 2) Garage - included in the value, but very very very very important, is the garage. Crystal Cove gives you a garage for free included in your rent. Read that sentence one more time. In the summer heat, I cannot stress how awesome this is, and in most places they charge you upwards of $100 for the same luxury. This is all good to go, and my god am I glad to have it. 3) Community - Altessa was a little farther west than we would like to be, although I see now it wouldn't have been a big deal at all. However what really sold me about this community, was reviews that consistently mentioned great management, and even checking out their Facebook page. They listed community events, such as things to do for Easter, Mother's Day, things like that. The fact that they actually made an effort to create some sort of community within the apartment buildings really spoke volumes to their attitude as management. 4) Ownership - We were also told Lewis was a family owned real estate place that only had a handful of properties, and they were constantly updating them to make them a great place to live. On Yelp, I saw that they had just updated their fitness center, and we were told they were building a brand new clubhouse right at that moment. Seems like they really put their money where their mouth is, and investing in quality like that is truly invaluable. 5) Apartment location - what I absolutely love about Crystal Cove, is that many many apartments seem to be located over garages. Typically your garage and maybe a neighbors garage is underneath your apartment. This is what really sealed the deal for me. The woman I spoke with, Nancy, informed me they had a two bedroom two bath above my own garage available. Since buildings are only two story, this meant nobody above, nobody below. Privacy. In an apartment. It's amazing. We can jump up and down, exercise, play music, run the dishwasher, do whatever we want... And don't have to live that apartment life of "omg do you think we are disturbing other people?"We also weren't too keen on ground floor, because we both are tiny bit paranoid about bugs. So those were the major reasons for us. You get more for price, the management cares a about the community and takes care of it, and the 2nd floor with a garage is just unbelievably convenient.  Since we have moved in, the manager Penny has been super accommodating and helpful, and answers my emails with quick questions almost instantly. The gym and pool are nice, not amazing, but nice. The pools are pretty tiny, but the gym at least has all new equipment. I am very grateful for that, and I get I good workout there. Will post pictures. (Of the equipment lol)The neighborhood itself is great, we are within walking distance to Walgreens, CVS, and Fresh & Easy. I can't even say how convenient this is. Not only does it encourage me to get a tiny bit of exercise by walking and carrying my groceries, but fresh and easy has some awesome clearance deals and everything there is so fresh and healthy. It's about a 15 minute drive to the strip. I'll update my review in the next 6 months or so! Nicole G answered my questions about this place too, which I am very grateful for. If you have ANY questions, don't hesitate to message me!
5	Ah, I can't hold off on this update any longer...this place is great! Earned the 5 stars without a doubt. Some friends moved into the complex, and they found it to be just as awesome as we did, and it keeps getting better dealing with management.They are always helpful, and I am particularly grateful with how helpful the maintenance is! We have had Joe and Cesar do some maintenance in here and they were absolutely wonderful each time. What really put them over the edge was what they did this past weekend. We have had some issues with our dishwasher since we arrived, and last month they put in a chemical cleaner that seemed to sort it out for a couple of weeks, but then we started having similar issues. It wasn't terrible, just didn't clean the dishes well enough that we felt comfortable using that as opposed to hand washing. When expressing concern on their last visit, Cesar thought about it, and talked with me, and said I'll have someone come by and replace it. Just like that! I was surprised at how generous they were about it, and even more surprised that a few days later we came home and it was DONE! Talk about efficient!An apartment complex that is willing to invest that money that quickly shows they really really care about maintaining the place and keeping people happy. In most other places, stuff of that cost is argued about until they relent, but here they didn't bat an eyelash. It also shows they empower their employees to make important decisions like that, and they're not bogged down for weeks in paperwork or getting approval from someone a million miles away. I feel like they look out for their community, and I have not once felt that they didn't care about our concerns or any problems we have had. They have always been prompt, courteous, and helpful. I really like the building and the property/location, but I LOVE the management. They are the reason I don't want to leave. As they say in hospitality, things don't make people happy, people make people happy, and that is truly the case here at Crystal Cove.
