4	The Design shop sepcialises in super modern, ultra chic interior design.Its stock is mind-bendingly sleek, sophisticated and a bit space age. Selling everything from retro inspired bags to curvy plastic chairs, it's a stylish haven for the aspiring ladies 'n' gents about town. I can imagine young entrepreneurs decking out their massive town houses with the glossy stock, which is understandable since it's tres chic. Much of this contemporary design is costly, but the majority of it is worth the pricey-price. I do enjoy a spooky looking dog cushion and a good gadget. There are enough adult gizmos to keep people entertained in their offices and homes, although considering the price of the awesome robots etc these toys are meant for display only. They would make an apartment look very cool and flashy, so I can see them appealing to the younger elite.I can't afford much from Design Shop (for now, mwaha), but I would shop in here if I could. The only area that this shop falls short on is its artwork - a pill popper's tribute to Andy Warhol is not my cup of tea. But that's a matter of taste, and some people like graphics like that. A window into what I would do with ten grand, and how the rich lavish themselves with luxuries.
4	This shop is split into two rooms which are separated by the outdoor corridor. It's funky set up is perfect for its funky contents which are just that- designer (mostly plastic) accessories, furnishings and appliances with a twist. Here you will find brands such as plastic cuckoo clocks by Pascal Tarabay and Eero Aarnio puppies to more down-to-earth accessories, decorations, stationary etc. Its a fun shop to look around in ,not the best for those on a budget mind you, but even though I didn't really find the gift I was hoping for I still enjoyed all the funky objects and stuff designers come up with to sell.(however tacky or crazy they may be). Plastic stays for life even if you won't want these forever on your shelf.
4	RUN! Closing Down Sale now on!!While you still can, get down to Newington and check this place out. Even if only for a look.One of a rare breed of shop in Edinburgh, specialising in a diverse array of modern furnishings and random cult memorabilia, such as the Beatles and the Dandy/Beano comics.Very glad I stumbled upon this place before it finally goes under. Now I'm patiently waiting for payday before descending upon its showroom with wallet in hand...!
