4	Alice's Attic is a new addition to this corner, but it's right next to Alice's teen center, which offers music lessons to the community. The Alice I'm talking about here is none other than Alice Cooper, who has gone from hard core rocker to hard core charitable dude and positive addition to the community! Alice's thrift store is just that--secondhand stuff, all proceeds go to the teen center. It's full of your average secondhand clothes, dishes, books and furniture.In the back there's a special shelf full of stuff Alice Cooper has donated. Mostly shirts and hats. Some of it is even signed! There is also a nice video playing about the music center. I would come back here for Alice Cooper stuff! Or furniture, which was all decent quality and well priced. The staff was also very nice and helpful. Next time you're in a thrifty mood, check it out. It's for a good cause. And Alice Cooper's gently used baseball hats and tshirts sounds like a great gift idea to me.
5	Awesome small thrift store. Unique founder. Unique mission. Unique merchandise. Friendly volunteer staff. It just doesn't get any better!The store is situated right next to Alice Cooper's The Rock teen rock music ministry and proceeds from sales benefit teens in our community. It is a little hard to spot from 32nd Street, as its only signage is in its windows, but just look in the aging strip center right behind The Original Breakfast House (also one of my favorites).Merchandise includes the usual thrift store mix, a fluid assortment of clothing, toys, furniture, musical instruments... dependent upon whatever donors are donating. Pricing is very reasonable. You can find a bargain AND do some good.Then there is the totally unique. Look for Alice's image in the back of the store. There you will find a variety of hats, shirts, belts and shoes from "Alice's attic." Some are signed. Some are not. There were a lot of unsigned golf hats on our recent visit, perfect for those who would enjoy the novelty of owning a hat that belonged to the avid rocker golfer. There were many autographed shirts. $45 seemed to be the going price for anything signed. Alice is a generous and ubiquitous presence in the valley, with plenty of his autographs floating around. I'd suggest you pick up a signed shirt for your aging Alice Cooper fans/relatives in the Midwest. They'll be thrilled and they don't need to know it only cost you 45 bucks!And don't forget, it's all for charity. Thank you Alice! Great work!
2	I like the idea, but many overpriced...non collectors items. Maybe more marketing for high quality funky donations would help success. Needless to say I didn't find anything I wanted. I would love to see this thrift store succeed, because of the good work it does as well as I just love Alice.
