4	Restaurant Chez Parra is a great little French restaurant in Longueuil, Quebec, which is a suburb of Montreal on the South Shore, just across the waters form that thriving international city.It is long and narrow, with a Salon Prive (private room) in the rear, which our party of 6 occupied, amidst original art decorating the walls. The ambiance is simple, understated, casual elegance and cozy. The menu has traditional French specialities, such as Foie Gras for appetizer, and mains like Duck l'Orange, Veal, and even Rabbit. There are a few other mediterranean infuences like Canelloni and Carpaccio from Italy and  Paella from Spain, and they have several seafood selections like more than one salmon and a trout dish, as well as other popular meat favorites.They have a very affordable 3 course daily  evening special, with appetizer, main and dessert for under $24 CAD (under $20 USD at today's exchange) and most of the entrees a la carte are $18 - $24 CAD,with appetizers in the $6 - $10 CAD range.  They have an adequate wine selection appropriate for their food offerings. Service is very attentive, with the owner/manager  providing personalized suggestions and service. This is mostly a hidden, affordable gem for locals, but if you are ever in Longueuil or along the south shore of Montreal, this would be an excellent, affordable choice for good local French food.
4	Very nice. Visited on a business trip and found the food very tasty. The chocolate mousse was a fantastic closer for the meal. The owner was very friendly and personable, but not pushy. Altogether a very pleasant experience.
4	Visited on a Saturday night. Maitre de invited us in for the $20 three-course as we were walking by, even though we thought we may not have been appropriately dressed, and with three kids in tow. They were the only kids in the restaurant, but the staff could not have been more accommodating. Very happy with the food and the experience. Merci!
5	Just returned from our dinner at Chez Parra after visiting several of the neighborhoods within Montreal, but our hotel is across the river, so we wanted to finish the evening closer to home.  Could not have been more pleased with the steak and frites.  Service is very friendly and attentive, it was a lovely summer evening with lots of folks out and about so we enjoyed every aspect of the experience.  The owner seemed to know everybody in his restaurant and we left feeling like we'd found a new place for dinner, if we ever make it back up here--two of us are from Kansas and two are from Sweden.  Emjoy!
4	Very good food and nice location in the old Longueuil. Very good French food. The foie gras is very good.
