4	Good wonton soup at a very reasonable price. Atmosphere lacks. It's very much a hole in the wall with no decor. It's great cheap food though and you can bring the whole family.
2	Hit BK for late lunch with the gf.just another non-descript chinese restaurant on spring mtn.  as you walk in you see the ducks hanging by the neck under the heat lamp and some pre-made cafeteria style dishes that according to the gf , are appetizer and "to-go" food - one of the items she sees that gets her fired up - chili-infused pork stomach - yummy ?!?!we order the pork stomach dish, a beef noodle dish, some chinese greens and "chinese"bbq Chicken.after we order the food is on the table in geez, 3 minutes ?  that actually bothers me - i don't care how hot the wok is in the kitchen, too much of the ingredients must be pre cooked, pre-everything to get the grub to us so quickly.the beef noodles - boring very, boring and the beef has the smell of  the 1/2 price selections at  the supermarket - not too fresh.  also too much oil used in cooking the dish.  the greens - nothing special.the bbq chicken - i don't get it.  it was apparently "bbq'd" then flash fried in the wok - the bone to met ratio way too high, decent flavor thoiugh.the pork stomach - it includes a small l]pile of the  bbq duck - the duck had no seasoning to it, nothing to it.  the pork stomach - reminds me of calamari in texture - some pieces very tender, others, very chewy - but some nice kick from the chili - an ok dish.total cost w/ tea and rice $33.50
1	Don't believe its name in Chinese. "Number One BBQ, jook and noodle" restaurant is sure as hell not number one in anything except grossness.BBQ pork was orange in color and had no taste. Roast duck was fatty and unseasoned. Did they truly expect every person to dip the duck into the plum sauce? What if you don't like plum sauce? The ratio of meat to rice was amazingly vast -- 70% rice to 30% meat. We also ordered the wontons in soup -- wontons were not anything special. The accompanying broth was overwhelmingly fishy. When I asked the waitress (in Cantonese) if they accepted credit card, she barked "for a little over $10???? PAY CASH!!!"YES MAAM! I paid and left hurriedly! Never returning.
1	I'm not all that picky when it comes to Chinese food. My wife often says I have no clue so I'll have to say I can tolerate even mediocre Chinese food and think it's not too bad. But this place? It was bad. REAL bad. I guess in Chinese it's called Number One BBQ and in English it's BBQ King -- kinda similar don't you agree? The food was anything but that. It was no King, no Queen, no Ace. It was a Joker! That's what it was. Honestly, bbq pork is better in Irvine and even Irvine is not good for Chinese food.Maybe that's why there weren't many people in this place when we ate here? Maybe it's the food. Maybe it's their rude attitude. Whatever reason people have for not eating here, they've good reason not to. It's really quite awful.
2	The first time I tried BBQ King was roughly 4 years ago and I was very surprised they had the most authentic HK style wonton noodle soup in the United States. I would stop by their place every time I was in Vegas just for their wonton noodle soup. I was in Vegas on the Xmas weekend and as usual I went there for lunch. I ordered wonton noodle soup, chicken fried rice and BBQ roast pork. By looking at the wonton noodle soup base, I knew something was wrong. The color of an authentic wonton noodle soup should be in brown color since one of the main ingredient is a sun dried fish call "Big Land Fish" in Chinese, and before the fish was put into the soup, it must be charcoal broiled until it was dark and burned. That's why an authentic wonton soup base is always in brown color. From the first sip of this light color soup base I know i won't go back to BBQ King on my next trip to Vegas. The soup tasted like the only ingredient  there was chicken flavor powder and the noodle was completely different than before. They still show the sign that said the noodle was air shipped from HK. What a Lie!!! Wonton noodle soup is a very common dish but it is very complicated to perfected it. I guess beside HK and Canada, there is no place offer authentic wonton noodle soup in the states.
3	I'm only giving Barbecue King a 3 star rating because it's a dump. But it's a dump like hundreds of restaurants I've been to in Hong Kong and the food is terrific. We were there on Sunday afternoon about 2pm and it was packed with Chinese. We were the only Caucasians there. The service was lousy, the place is filthy, they only take cash but I'll go back anytime. It's a great call for takeout, they'll even sell you a whole Peking Duck or Roast Suckling Pig....We had the barbecue pork and some pan fried noodles. If you've spent any time at all in South Asia you'll appreciate the authenticity. If not, stick with takeout.
3	So you really have to be Chinese/Asian to appreciate this kind of place, a bit messy and cluttered, bwoken engeelish.  I ordered the wonton/roasted duck rice noodle soup (won ton siu ngap ho fun)....broth=blandish, add more MSGwonton=yellow, more shrimp taste than pork, too much white pepperduck=lean, not much meatveggies=2 big pieces rice noodles=rice noodlesThis place will do in a pinch, but so far have not found another place like it, except maybe Sam Woo's, but they seem a bit pricey for this kind of food....So this is like the places in Hong Kong, but actually cleaner and bigger, but lacking the flavor....I'm not giving up on them yet, gonna try the rice dishes next and the beef stew.....til next time, good eating!
3	If you are looking for cheap, authentic, hole in the wall, slightly above average Chinese BBQ in Vegas, this is the place. The restaurant is tiny (you may have to share a table with strangers), the service is horrible (the waiters are constantly yelling at each other in Cantonese), reminds me of eating in HK. Well, except the food here is 2x the price and half as good. Nonetheless, we come here whenever we want cheap Chinese food. Here's what we've tried:BBQ Pork - Crispy skin, some fat, a little meat. Not bad.BBQ duck egg noodle soup - Duck had been sitting out too long and there wasn't a lot of meat. Noodles were just firm enough and the broth was pretty flavorful.Shrimp Fried Rice - Bland and dry.Braised tofu with bok choy & mushrooms - The braised tofu was the best part. The sauce was a bit slimy, probably too much cornstarch.
1	This place is authentic because the BBQ is so greasy. The wood piece that they use to cut the meat is so nasty. Years and years of residue that got absorbed into the wood. Yuck! I do not think they ever clean that thing. That is what turned me away from this place. I did not even dare to eat any of the entrees. No thanks. BB KING has just lost it's throne !!
1	Yuck.  The food here is gross.  The $4.99 price for the dishes is a gimmick.  The portions are small.  For about $2 more, you can get a full size dish at other places.What is that weird smell in the restaurant?  It's certainly not food.We ordered the beef chow fun which tasted like a greasy blob of paste.  The won ton noodles tasted bland and the meat inside the won-ton tasted weird.The rice porridge (con-gee) with chicken tasted funny.  How do you mess up on that dish?  The chicken had no flavor.My brother had the soft udon noodles and when he bit into the noodles, it had a funny crackle.  Like a delicate shell being crunched.  Do you catch my drift?  He was afraid to spit out what he was eating and just gulped it.The food here is not authentic.  It is below average and tastes like garbage.  There are much better places to eat.
1	We went there bought some BBQ pork to-go. I did not look at price/LB on the wall. We were charged $7.89 for them. We took them home and decided to weight them on our digital scale out of curiosity. The scale showed only a little over 12 oz. That would be make them $10/LB which is ridiculous. I think either they over weight the pork or over charge us. The worse part of this was the BBQ pork was tasteless. I don't think I would go there again.
1	The food was okay but not great; price is just like any other Chinese restaurants in that area but the waitress there was rude.The plates and tea cup are dirty.I really cannot find a good reason to eat there!!!!
4	if you love good chinese style BBQ then this is the place in vegas (that is if you dont mind the dirty surroundings!!!)they have a great lunch menu where everything is 4.99, so for the price you cant beat it.  highly recommend the roast duck, roast pork, pork belly or char sui pork!!!!   i have never had anything bad here, and ive eaten here many times.a group can have a feast for extremely cheap, just dont expect some great service!!
3	it is not a quaint place and the locals do go there,so the parking lot can get a bit crowded and it is a long 4 blocks from LV chinatown.. The food is not bad for the prices,but it is a buck more for to go, I guess you are paying for the 'To Go' boxes.. The tables are wobbly,dishes are chipped,really cheap silverware,service ok,as I was in the company of some who speaks the language.. I did not get sick the next day,so I would say the food was ok ,but it beats out those fast food chinese places for flavor, I guess you have to stay away from the soup,which I read from previous post???
2	$20 dollars for roast duck and $9 dollars a pound for roast pork?!?!?!  You got to be kidding right?!?!?  Being that I'm from Seattle, I'm use to paying no more than $15 dollars for a roast duck and $7 dollars a pound for roast pork.  The prices here were significantly inflated on the BBQ items.  However the prices for the dishes were dirt cheap, most dishes were under $10 dollars, even the seafood dishes.  Those prices were pretty amazing!  Overall, I thought the food was very mediocre, we ordered over $140 dollars of take-out to feed our group after a night of clubbing.  The service was friendly, abit slow.  I don't think they realized that I understood the workers talking when they were speaking Cantonese and telling the cooks to make the dishes for the dine-in customers first and put our to-go order on hold.  - 1 star for that!Over all the food was ok, nothing to write home about.  The beef chow fun was dry and the roast duck not meaty.  The skin on the roast pork was really crunchy so that was good.  However the rest of our dishes was just eh....
3	Went for lunch with my wife on 6/23.  I was not impressed at all.  The roast duck we had was rather tasteless, although it was juicy.  The Hong Kong style noodles were OK, but nothing to write home about.  I also ordered pork with harm har and ong choi (since I cannot get ong choi in Arizona), and that too was mediocre at best.  They also do not take credit cards which is a bummer.  The owner's previous partner left a couple of years ago and opened up another place named Anna's Garden in the next bldg to the west.  That place is bigger and the food is better by miles.  He also serves $5.00 dishes at lunch just to piss off the BBQ King owner.
3	Not having a place to go for dinner on Xmas eve, we reluctantly attempted this 2-star rating restaurant. It didn't turn out to be disappointing after all. One small downside of being primed by Yelp ratings. :-)We got steamed flounder, chestnut pumpkin chicken in hot pot, triple roast combo duck/chicken/pork intestine, and plain sauteed Chinese broccoli. The roast combo wasn't great but decent. The chicken was a nice, rich stew, with the soup a great gravy for rice.The flounder was the best-tasting: fresh-tasting, appropriately flavored, and tenderly steamed. At least for tonight, it seemed as though only Mom's cooking was better.The service was curt and to the point. We did get a nice, free bowl of soup made from pork bone and Chinese medicine. Very tasty.Overall, we felt the fish was a four, but other dishes dragged it down to a 3.
1	About 2 years ago, my wife and I ordered a duck and the soy sauce chicken to go.  Man, it was delicious.  It was probably the best duck place that I have ever been to.However, I think they changed management and cooks.  We ordered the duck and chicken again for a family get-to-gether.  It was horrible.  The duck was rubberry and dried inside.  And, the chicken just had a horrible taste to it.  Thinking this was a fluke, several weeks later, we ordered half a duck and half a chicken, it was just as bad.  I can't believe that this place has gone so downhill.  We will never go back to this place.  Yuck.
3	This review is for 3.5 stars. My brother introduced me to this small restaurant. You don't come here for ambiance- there is none. It's pretty good food for cheap (fish and vegetables for $7.95)- ideal for those on a budget. It's a "Hole In The Wall." It is usually packed. There are numerous to-go orders (probably even more than the seated patrons). The busy servers are sometimes not so congenial (no smiles here) but they have made good suggestions in the past. I've also had the hot pot and the fried fish. Everything was pretty good. When I did a short stint for my brother, we came here a lot. We have also come here with the whole family- no complaints here. Bathrooms in back.If you don't mind the shabby surroundings, and you want a Chinese restaurant that's cheap, come here. Know that it's pretty busy around lunch time, though.
4	Why the low reviews! you think you can get anything close to this when youre on the strip? if your home sick and you want some asian food you should come here because the food is pretty good, quick service and satisfied at the end. I came here once before we even booked into our hotel room, we were starving from our long drive and everyone agreed to chinese food. A good friend new a place off the strip so we decided to go to bbq king. The waitress brings over a steaming huge pot of beef soup on the house for everyone to share...that hit the spot for me cuz I really wanted something hot and soupy..the fact that it was free and tasted good, i was a happy camper. The food came out pretty quickly and though some dishes were a bit oily and over sauced over all I enjoyed my meal with great friends. This was a great start to my epic vegas trip weekend!
3	Pretty inexpensive yet tasty chinese food.  We usually come here for the won ton noodle soups and order roast duck/roast pork and some side dishes.  This place is a hundred times better than Sam Woo.
3	I don't have high expectations for the Chinese food in Las Vegas, even in Chinatown. My mother recommended this place.  So we stopped by to have lunch and I was facinated by the cheap price that was available in Las Vegas. Lol!The food is not something to rave about but decent enough to eat and prices were really inexpensive. Serviecs is OK and lack the conceited attitude which I am impressed. No ambiance, just a plain Jane bbq restaurant. For Xmas, a "friend" ordered a entire roast pork. It looked sooooo good!! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AbadN65irz8uSL8z6fkoBg?select=ifwxHWilWKPkBEmMxGi_6A
3	My parents and some friends of the family re-visited this restaurant once again this evening. The service was decent this time around and the food wasn't too bad. The owners attitude could have been better though. I don't know if they don't teach manners in other countries but he just grabbed our money and didn't say a word of thanks to us. In my mind, that downgraded this place one star. On our first visit, they neglected to tell us rice would be a $1 extra so my mom argued with the owner for a little while before finally settling the bill.
3	IMO, this joint has the best Chinese style BBQ duck and roast pork in Las Vegas. The meats have good flavor and they customer service is not bad. Unlike Sam Woo BBQ, where they give you attitude if you want a certain cut of the meat, BBQ King has always accomodated my requests.As for other chinese items on the menu, they are just average, but very inexpensive. My only disappointment is that they no longer offer Pei Par (peking style) ducks due ot low demand.I think they're CASH ONLY restaurant, so remember to bring some cold hard cash =)
3	Food is OK, the duck is a bit too sweet for me, even without the duck sauce. The veggies are well, what you expect for plain veggies. The noodle soups are OK as well.  Been here twice and will go again when we want moderate priced foods. Oh, the congee was not great either...just over seasoned. Simple is better.
5	We come here every time we go to Vegas.  Why?  Because it's super cheap and the food is good.  The dishes are around $5 to $7 each... that's crazy.  Free soup during dinner too.Ok, this isn't 5 star, fine dining.  You have to judge the food on it's price.  The food is pretty damn good, especially for such a low price. Not sure why their are so many low ratings, maybe they expect the glitz and glam of Vegas.  I think I may be the first 5 star rating because I love this place... why?Good Food - Great Price = Win!
4	Good authentic Chinese food that's very fairly priced (about $6 a plate). They also have a huge menu to choose from.
1	If you would like to get ripped off, please continue to dine at this establishment.  If not, take your business elsewhere.  Two days ago, I stopped in and asked for half a pound of BBQ pork.  The man places a piece of meat onto the scale and it read: .46 lb.  Ok, so at $8.95/lb and I'm getting .46/lb, it should be $4.12.  By the time I get to the cashier, she tells me the total is $6.62.  WTF?!?!?  Did I get charged for having it sliced into smaller pieces?  So I ask the cashier, why it was so expensive because the man told me it would be $4.12.  She tells me, "It's the tax".  So I pay and leave because I'm so hungry.  On the drive home, I look at the receipt and notice she charged me $6.12+$0.50 tax!! The man wrote $6.12 on the container so he was obviously trying to pull a fast one on me.  How effed up is that???  It doesn't matter if it was a $2.00 or $200.00 difference, it's the principle behind it and you guys screwed up big time!  AND I don't care how good (in this case, bad) your food was, but I don't appreciate being taken advantage of and NEVER, ever will I go back to your store again!!!
4	This place has ridiculous good and authentic Chinese food.  It starts at some dishes being around $4, I mean full size dishes!  Like the Pan fried noodles I got.  Not half portions, more than enough to eat and then take home for tomorrow.The servers though really don't speak all that much English.  The establishment is tiny and family owned, so they will recognize their locals and regulars.  Down side for me is that they don't take credit cards, cash only. :-(
4	We went there for lunch. I would suggest the BBQ pork and duck v. the roasted. Amazing rice dishes. I enjoyed the spicy eggplant's texture and bold flavor. Great Value.We will go again,
4	Great Chinese food that is very authentic and the prices are very reasonable, expect dishes around $6 and good sized portions.  You get free soup for dinner.  Noodles are cooked to perfection, veggie dishes are fresh, char siu is the way it supposed to be.  I don't quite understand the bad reviews.. if you expecting something like PF Chang's, then this is NOT the place to go.Few things... servers speak little English, so it helps to have someone who speaks Cantonese to come with you to order.  Second, it's not a fancy restaurant, go to Sam Woo for a nicer enviroment but the food is more expensive and not as good.  Also, they only take cash.
2	I wanted some authentic Chinese BBQ. This place is authentic for sure, but wasn't my style of food. I was disappointed by each dish I ordered. Chicken feet, pig ears, and a noodle dish. It was all pretty average. I wasn't impressed and the only thing that made an impact was the BBQ Duck that was mixed in the fried rice was really good. Maybe I just ordered wrong?
2	This is my dad's favorite chinese restaurant in Chinatown only because of the sticky rice dish. And I would say that that is probably the only dish I would order here. It's pretty tasty and not super sticky. Everything else on the menu is sub par. Normal dirty hole in the wall chinese place. Nothing great about this place. It always tends to be busy though. Wouldn't really recommend unless you have a hankering for sticky rice.
3	A friend took me here exclaiming "this place is f ' n awesome ".  Although very good, wouldn't say "awesome". I had the Kung pao chicken, chow fun, and Chinese broccoli, all were good, but nothing really stood out. I do wish the Kung pao was spicer, but I did ask for it spicy, I assumed it would be. The place is a hole in the wall in Chinatown (I didn't even know Vegas had one).  Easy parking, very reasonable prices (CASH ONLY).  Good eats though.
1	Yucky!  Happened to drive by here and was looking for some congee in vegas.  We went to the wrong place!  Should've been Asian BBQ noodles but came in here by accident. We sat down already and just decided, ehh, just give it a try.  Should've yelped it before we went it, 2.5 stars!  I ordered the Congee with pig intestine, shrimp, fish & peanut. ewww, nastiest congee ever!!!  the Pig intestine tasted sour, whew, luckily it was not bad, they had just marinate it. Just all bad. Do not even step foot in here!
1	This is our place to go when the family cannot make up our mind where to eat. Enjoyed this restaurant for more than a few years, until last Sunday.The food used to be consistent if not exceptional good, but not this time. Everything was salty, Peking Pork Chop was the only dish that was edible.The cashier even managed to short-change us when we paid the bill. Did not say anything (couple of dollars) since we decided not to come back ever.It is my understanding that dishonest restaurants in Hong Kong would over-charge or short-change customers. Guess, this is now a truly Hong Kong style restaurant.So double check your bill and changes.
4	I come here with my ESL student regularly, who likes to help me become a little less picky about my food. This restaurant is great for authentic Chinese food, but at the same time I understand a lot of the negative reviews, particularly the complaints about customer service and cleanliness. This isn't the place you want to go if you're looking for a highly attentive waiter/waitress and a pristine eating environment. That said, there are some seriously good dishes that I think make the negatives worth putting up with! I always order their chow fun with XO sauce (this dish is really like mini versions of the rice noodle rolls you'll see in dim sum places rather than what you picture when you think of chow fun) and it never disappoints. I second everyone who suggests coming with someone who speaks Cantonese--it makes the ordering process a lot easier and it's helped us find a gem of a dish, too! My student wanted to try one of their fish dishes and the waitress told her it was no longer available and after an extensive conversation in Cantonese, my student told me we'd be having something else that wasn't on the menu. It's fried fish in a garlic sort of seasoning/sauce and I have no idea how to describe except the fish is always perfect, moist and tender, with breading that's light but crisp every time! We've ordered it on every visit since then and I'll be updating my Yelp review when I find out a proper name for it, because it's AMAZING. Now any time I have fish elsewhere, I'm a little disappointed.You get free soup with your meal and while I like the stock and have some every time, I find the meat tends to be really dry/overcooked in general, so keep your expectations low for that. Jasmine tea also comes standard and it's always perfect, never too bitter! I would not recommend the duck, because it was way, way too salty--even for duck--when we ordered it. Their kung pao chicken is hit or miss, great when it's a hit and really blah when it's a miss. All in all, this is the kind of restaurant I go to with tried and true favorites in mind.Lastly, be aware if you order anything to go, there will be an additional $1-2 charge for take out, even if you're currently eating in the restaurant and just ordering something extra to take home with you!
2	Roast pig was very fatty. The noodle soups were horrible. The bbq pork was okay. The fried rice was tasty. Would not return.
5	BBQ Duck is very good. Also had the wonton noodle soup, very tasty.  They have New Owner ( thanks goodness) waiter service was nice. Good cheap prices too.
4	Thank God for New Owner!This is my third review for this place.First one was very good, second one very bad.New ownership and management since December 2013.Much cleaner and friendlier; food and BBQ items are very good.Our son craved for Peking duck, they did not have the buns. And they sent employees to 2 different Chinese market to look for it. Impressive service.Definitely earned our business back.
2	We accidentally ate here because we thought it was the Chinese restaurant that my mom ate with her friends.  But actually the restaurant was in the back of this restaurant, which the waiter told us their isn't any Chinese restaurant in the back of this one.  Anyways, we decided we are already here and give it a try.  My mom ordered the BBQ chicken,  roasted duck, wonton soup, and steamed rice.  The wonton soup was good with all the vegetables that was inside.  After we got done eating that.  The waiter gave us the rest of the food that we ordered.  The only thing wasn't satisfying was the BBQ chicken and roasted duck that was served cold.   We told the female waitress that and she didn't hesitate to take our food back and gave us the hot one instead.  So the food was good,  just next time don't serve the BBQ cold,  I was expecting it would be hot and fresh from the grill.
3	We came here for dinner with my boyfriend's family. They come here often and it was my first time. The prices are good for big portions. I came in with an empty stomach and left fully satisfied.It's not the nicest place, but for what we ordered it was good. I got walnut shrimp and wonton noodle soup. The shrimp was good and tasty. Crunchy where needed. The broth to the soup however had no taste and the noodles were kinda hard. My boyfriend ordered duck and basically ate the whole thing. He really liked it. It was good but I've tasted tastier duck at Sam Woo. The sweet and sour soup was just as named. And the crispy noodles were thin and crispy. The customer service was good. They were nice and accommodating and continuously cleaning our table off because we did order a lot and it got pretty messy. They were also filling up waters constantly so no problem there. Their bathrooms were okay. And there was a cart full of dirty dishes by our table, I wasn't so sure about that. But they did clean it out every so often. Didn't really bother us but I was just wondering if that was supposed to go there in the first place. Affordable for the whole family.
1	Worst food I've ever eaten. The "Crispy Fried Tofu" was anything but. It was soggy, mushy, fell apart and just plain gross. It was barely cooked, or deep fried enough at all. The "HongKong Style Wonton Noodle" soup had very little flavor. The noodles in the soup were a bit hard. The noodle soup also smelled of some sort of chemical, as if it were formaldehyde or something. I also did not receive the steamed rice that I was supposed to get with my order. I ordered my food to go. I don't live so close so it wasn't worth me returning back to the store. I ended up throwing it all out. A total waste of $17 and some change. I don't like to post bad reviews much, even when I receive bad service. I tend to focus on the positive, and try to give the benefit of the doubt. However, I couldn't help but post about my experience and the quality of the food. I'm still trying to get the horrific after taste out of my mouth, just from the little I tasted. I've been to many different Chinese and Asian restaurants around town, and I'm not the pickiest of eaters. This place has to be the very worst that I've ever come across. I would not recommend it at all.
2	Maybe because we had dinner at 9:30pm, hence, the duck pieces were nothing but bones, the skin of the roasted pork was not crispy, and the steamed chicken was not meaty?But a good restaurant would always be consistent with their food items...therefore, I was utterly disappointed.  I was embarrassed that I took my husband here, and was his first time to dine in at this restaurant.The service was quite decent for a Chinese restaurant though.  They served us a pot of tea, and offered free rice if we wanted it.  We politely decline the free of charge rice offering.I will try to convince my hubby to try this restaurant again, for lunch perhaps.
2	The only thing good at this place is the BBQ Pork. As for the food it comes in two flavors, over seasoned or under seasoned. The service is SLOW and the overall total experience is just blah!!!!
