3	If this place wasn't up on a hill, it might be a hipster paradise. As it stands, it is a beloved and well-attended local bar with frequent karaoke nights. I've been there twice, and so far the bartender has been the same wonderful, slightly hurried lady, who remembered us the second time around and who was willing to help me experiment by making a manly cocktail with a raw egg shaken into it. I guess it helps that the other half of Billy's bar is Billy's restaurant, with eggs to spare. A good time is always had, belting out the classics with friendly faces and free popcorn abounding.  Be forewarned: if you start coming every week, some of the classics will become even more "classic", as you start to realize your new friends have favourite songs to jive to on a regular basis....
5	Once a year I treat my family to a lovely dinner at Billy's before we venture downtown to catch 1964 The Tribute at the Benedum Center.  This has become a tradition now after several years and it's always one of my favorite days of the year.  Billy's isn't anything fancy.  But it's a great place to have nearby.  Friendly people (on both sides of the bar) and a menu that's above your average bar food.  I've had several of their offerings, including the Black Diamond Steak, a couple of the chicken dishes and the Steak Burger as well as a few appetizer offerings.  The Black Diamond Steak is so tender it practically melts in your mouth and is served with onions and peppers.  The chicken dishes I've tried have exceeded my expectations.  And even the burger, which I wouldn't normally order at Billy's, was beautiful.  It was cooked just the way I wanted it (medium) and was one of the best burgers I've eaten.  I know that sounds insane, but for reals, that Steak Burger blew my mind.  I never expected it to be so good.  I mean, I was just expecting your average burger.  Nope, once again Billy's impresses.  It's the perfect way to start a perfect night on the town.  The service is always friendly and attentive, too, regardless of how busy they are.  And considering the quality of the meal and the great service, the prices are very reasonable.  With it's location not far from downtown but far enough away that you don't usually have to worry about a crowd, I'm surprised more people don't check it out before a show in the Cultural District.
1	I really don't know how this place got any good reviews. One big problem is that the place is dirty, the carpets, the lighting above the tables and the furniture. I have tried this place 5 times in the past 2 years and this is how it went. The 1st time I had a burger which tasted funny and I didn't finish it. I got food poisoning and was so sick. This I thought might have been a stomach flu so I did try this place again. The 2nd time I was with some friends from the neighborhood and 3/5 of us had the spaghetti and meatballs and we got food poisoning.Now I'm thinking that they have a hygiene problem with the ground meat. I was going to stay away from the place but a friend from Troy hill liked to stop there because it was close to her home. No problem,next time I got french fries with gravy. How could this be a problem?.When they got to the table they had put cold canned gravy on my fries.When I told the waitress about it she took it back to the kitchen and microwaved it till it was the heat of lava. Needless to say I refused to pay for them. The 4th time my friend dragged me there, I had a salad. I didn't get sick but it wasn't anything special with bagged salad mix and a couple of under ripe tomato pieces and cucumber. The last time I only got a slice of pie and this was good. I no longer have to go to Billy's, my dear friend has passed away and I refuse to go anywhere near the place. To the owner-Please sell the restaurant, you obviously don't care for the place or know how to handle food safely.
3	This place was a total surprise to me. I didn't really know anything existed on Troy Hill aside from Penn Brewery until I went for a ride through the area this past weekend. While passing through I noticed Billy's, it was open, the steeler game was about to start.... Why not check it out?!The interior is dated, but clean and has some character. You enter though the bar and the dining room is on your right, this being a Sunday afternoon though, the dining room was not open. No biggie, I'll saddle up to the bar which seats about 12 people. The bartender was very nice, introduced herself and wanted to get to know me. This seems like a mostly locals only bar, but they are very happy when people from outside the neighborhood stop in. One thing I heard several times while I was in there was "Troy Hill is getting better, more people should come here and find out."I tried the soup of the day, chicken and corn chowder, and an order of their wings, $.60 during the Steelers games. Both were very good and made me want to come back to try more of the menu. The beer selection is a bit limited, they mostly stick with the big name domestics, but that being said, the beer is pretty darn cheap. Sam Adams Octoberfest was $2.50 a glass or $12 a pitcher! I'll certainly be back to Billy's and I think you should go too, turns out there are things on Troy Hill!
5	Good neighborhood bar/restaurant. Always good food. Never got sick, or anyone I was with get sick. Have been there with another person upto party's of 10. Always friendly staff. Usually goto Billy's once a month, maybe more. Living right on top of the hill from Billy's, we are regulars there!
