4	What a neat little place we have here in downtown Vegas. I had never even heard of it until a few weeks ago. Sitting under the shadow of the uber-modern looking Federal Courthouse, it's quite the juxtaposition. The Historic Fifth Street School feels like a window back in time.I was there today for the final day of the Vegas Valley Book Festival, so I didn't really get a true sense of the history of the buildings. The little courtyards were full of people, book vendor stands, and local chefs cooking up some delicious grub. It's appropriate in a way. It is no longer used as a school, but more as a venue for great events such as the Book Festival. What better way to introduce the people of Las Vegas to what little history we have left? Or maybe we do have plenty of history left in Vegas; we just have to find it. I'm hoping that's the case.
4	I went to the Historic 5th Street School for the second time last night for the Brubeck Brothers Quartet concert.  It's a pleasant auditorium with a raised stage much like countless schools around the country.The 5th Street School is great because it's one of the few buildings we have not torn down.  Instead, this is now where many programs are offered by the Cultural Affairs Office of the City of Las Vegas.  The courtyard with its original fountain is a delight.  Looking across the street from the courtyard, you see the modern Lloyd George Federal Courthouse.  What a difference being on the other side of 5th Street makes!I will be taking a tour of the whole facility soon.  If you find a program here that appeals to you, go see it.  Come early and spend some time enjoying the exhibit in the gallery adjoining the auditorium.One tip - the parking lot is quite small.  If you find it full, you can go around the block and park on Clark Street east of Las Vegas Boulevard.  Metered parking spots there that don't require money after 6 PM.
5	Was there for the weekend of the 10th Anniv of the Vegas Valley Book Festival.  AWESOME!  The venue and event was put together well.  There was plenty of space for movement and I enjoyed seeing a diverse group of people.  you know...the smarties and people like me, who just like books.  I met some authors, bought some books, had them signed - very cool.  Almost everything was free!  All the lectures and most of the events.  Paid $10 for the Feasting on Words which was on Sunday, and got so full!  It was totally worth it.  Those 10 chefs were amazing!!!  I recommend this location and this event if you can make it.
5	I was at the Historic 5th Street School last night for a concert with KT Sullivan and Mark Nadler sponsored by the City of Las Vegas Office of Cultural Affairs Office.  It was a wonderful event is the small venue.  The Cultural Affairs Office prices their shows inexpensively - $10 advance purchase, $15 at the door.It was a wonderful 85 minute show of Cole Porter and music from Broadway.  Sullivan and Nadler aren't known outside of NYC as well as they should be.Before shows here, you can check out the art on display in the gallery or look at the wonderful courtyard.  The school is always a good place to visit and the auditorium lends itself well to programs like this!
5	I've passed by the school a few times during my treks downtown, but I had no idea it was such a hub of cultural activity.I was here for the Django Gypsy Jazz festival. The gallery and courtyard were used as a pre-function / cocktail area and also where we got our tickets. VegasJazz had set up some tables in the gallery with information about the local jazz community. The gallery walls are adorned with some gorgeous artwork - conversation starters for the many people who came to the festival. The auditorium was packed with chairs and dimly light, but this created a very intimate performance. In fact, at the end of the show, all the musicians came out into the audience and did an impromptu jam session, with everyone huddling around them and singing along.I enjoyed this venue very much and would love to come here again.
5	I came to Las Vegas in the summer of 1959 from Calif. with my dad and spent most of my time alone in a motel room at 6 yrs old while he went to look for work ( the motel was a block S, of Fremont on Main St). and when we finally got a permanent place to live I started 1st grade at 5th Street School and went there till I graduated to Jr. High and will always remember all the fun at recess I had back then and the people I knew and all the outdoor activities we had of which I was best,lol. I'm almost 59 now and It brings back a lot of memories just passing by there when I do.
4	Great venue for an event like a wedding!  My manager got hitched here last month, and I was impressed with the courtyard where she had the ceremony.  Yes it was outside, and started at 530pm, so it was a little warm, sitting under the trees, we were bothered by a few bee's, probably attracted to all the sweet smells of our perfume.  Because the courtyard was surrounded on all sides by buildings, we didn't get the benefit of a breeze and even though we could hear a little  of the street noise, it wasn't too bad.  The reception was moved inside to the gym/auditorium which was huge! There is a stage, great place for the DJ, and a large enough space for dancing.  Overall, a historic piece of Las Vegas, that turns out to be a great place for a party!
5	UNLV uses this, amongst other things, as a satellite campus.  After finishing this last semester, I have to say I truly enjoyed attending class here.  The buildings are architecturally interesting and the courtyard is beautiful.  I have to admit I was wondering about security, but there was never a problem.  The bathroom was located in a separate building across the outdoor hallway from our building, and a key code on the door ensured it wasn't accessible to the general public.I'm going to miss going to class here.  Maybe they'll do another one soon?
4	I always wish this was still an elementary school it is perfect for a small school.  I love the events that happen here and always enjoy myself when at the school.
5	My husband and I wanted to get married in downtown Las Vegas as we are locals (I'm a native) who met downtown, socialize downtown and love downtown. But we did not want to get married in a casino. That's when we discovered you could rent spaces at the Historic Fifth Street School! It was perfect for the unique vision we had for our wedding. We rented both the beautiful courtyard where we held our ceremony and the Art Gallery where our reception followed. It was inexpensive compared with your typical wedding hall and we got the venue from 9am to 10pm. The 1930s Mission style architecture was the perfect backdrop for our romantic wedding and the photos are GORGEOUS. There was ample free parking for our 65 guests. There was plenty of space for our food and bar caterer and DJ. We even had local band Rusty Maples perform. All they had to do was bring in a small PA system and it was plenty loud to fill the gallery space. All our guests remarked on how beautiful the school was and what a delightful choice it was for our wedding. The City of Las Vegas Cultural Affairs Office was a joy to work with in renting, scheduling, and giving us access to the school in the weeks leading up to the wedding for set up strategy and ceremony rehearsal. If you can possibly work with Bess Shelton, she's an absolute doll. If you are looking for an offbeat, beautiful, historic wedding venue, you've found it!
5	Excellent venue for my sons wedding in downtown area. Staff was readily available and super helpful. Very cool location for ceremony and reception!
4	Attended the Vegas Valley Book Festival. Fifth street school is a nice venue that is clean and the bathrooms in the gymnasium. The book festival was themed for young adults and children and served as a good, clean environment for families to attend. I can see the potential for hosting a wedding or a gathering of some sort in the courtyard near the mural wall.
