3	this is a pretty cool little, unasuming pit stop if you're in downtown phoenix...the gallery also houses a bookstore and bakery/restaurant.the gallery is HUGE, with brick walls and concrete floor, it's a cool little historic building that stays true to its origins.the art tends to be of the ridiculously overpriced, nothing special variety, but, like i said, it's a nice little meal/book browse/gallery pit stop if you're in the are and have time.
5	Love this space.  It's so NYC to me. It's posh and modern and open.  The walls are perfect for large pieces.  The rooms are big enough for incredible installations.  I have always liked the artists they exhibit.  The last two exhibits I saw there this year were fantastic.  I can't remember the artists name but she took famous paintings, recreated them with spools of thread and when you looked through a piece of glass you would see and recognize the painting!  It was so unique and interesting. The last show I saw was Pat Steir, who also happens to be alumni of Pratt Institute, where I went to graduate school in New York City.  So I always enjoy her paintings and exhibits. One of the greatest fashion shows ever to happen in Phoenix (Kristin Dinnis and Betsy Johnson) was held in this space.  It was transformed and wonderful.
4	We recently held our wedding reception at the Bentley Projects.  It was an unexpected, stylish place to hold a wedding reception, which is exactly what we were looking for.  The gallery is large and spacious and absolutely stunning at night.  The lighting is perfect and what better backdrop for photos than original art pieces?  The art is contemporary, from artists all over the country.  Unfortunately, I could not afford any of there pieces...pretty pricey.  Ahhh...maybe someday. The bookstore no longer exists, but the restaurant, City Bakery, is a perfect stop for lunch and then head over to the gallery to check out the exhibit.  They are also open late for First Friday's.
3	Love this space. Too bad its so far from, well, almost anything else retail oriented. Don't know how they stay in business. It must be the art. The art is fabulous.
5	This place is amazing! They should call it chateua of the valley! double french doors open and a grand master ballroom straight out of the sixties awaits your every sinking appetite. Beus and Belles unite! This is a  real ball! Candlight sessions held every thursdays at 8:30 p.m. Also used as a meditational facility for the poor.
4	My 4 stars are for the space itself, which had to be the perfect art space possible. It was very modern with a cool stylish vibe. It is the perfect loft/warehouse, and would be great for any event. Unfortunately when we came, it wasn't open to the public anymore, so there was hardly any art up. But we still got to explore the space itself, and loved it.Hopefully I can sometime go to an actual art event here!
5	Amazing wedding venueWe had a great experience with The Bentley Gallery and Downtown Phoenix Venues for our wedding. Riette was great to work with. She was super organized and prompt with responses and information. She was also very upfront about any additional expenses and there were no "suprises," so to speak. Riette even helped my on the wedding day with little concerns, like obtaining 2 safety pins for my failing dress! The venue was beautiful and all of my guests were complementary about the venue!!! I couldn't have imagined my wedding anywhere else. It was beyond my expectations.
5	Our wedding was gorgeous and people loved the venue.  Riette responded quickly to all of our questions and was wonderful about accommodating our needs.
5	Riette and the Bentley Projects are AMAZING!!! We had both our wedding and reception there and it was an incredible experience. Riette was super fast with responses to any questions I had and check in with me frequently to see if there was anything she could do to help. The venue itself is a working art gallery so between the paintings, exposed brick walls and high ceilings it made for a gorgeous back drop that our guests loved!! If you are looking for a really cool, modern venue in downtown Phoenix, I recommend you look no further than the Bentley Projects....
