3	The North Shore Trail is a part of the Great Allegheny Passage and the Three Rivers Heritage Trail.  The address I gave you is an apporximation.  It's where my husband Rick and I picked up the trail on Herr's Island.  It's a multi-use trail running along the north shore of the Allegheny and Ohio Rivers.  It ends at roughly Westhall Street on the North Side, opposite Brunot's Island.  It's about six miles in length.It's really more of a connector trail and you can see some good riverscapes (if such a word exists) and urban landscape.  You can use it to reach Heinz Field and PNC Park.  It's good for bike commuting too.  It's not the greatest trail in the world, but worth it if you want to get a short ride in.
3	Well with some unexpected dry weather, I decided it was time to get my road bike out, pack some snacks (and my insulin kit), strap on my helmet, and get a decent ride in.  I tell ya, when you haven't been on your bicycle in a few months, you work out leg muscles you forgot you had!  I basically rode from Squirrel Hill, through Schenley Park, down to the Eliza Furnace Trail, then over the Hot Metal Bridge to the Great Allegheny Passage Trail over to Station Square and then to the North Shore.  I used the North Shore Trail to return.  The North Shore Trail runs between the Velspar Corporation on Westhall Street and Herr's Island, going past the stadiums.  It's really still a connector trail, paralleling the Ohio and Allegheny Rivers.  It's a fairly pleasant ride, not overly exciting nor exerting, but still pleasant.All in all I got about 20 miles in--not too shabby for my second ride of the season.
4	Nice place to run and bike with incredible views of the city. I prefer the wooded trail portion because I'm not running on pavement, it's easier on my knees (I'm old). Lots of places to park along the trail, like Washington's Landing and near Heinz Lofts. The scenery makes this one of my favorite running spots, but there are definitely more people on bikes than on foot. As long as you can dodge them and trust that they'll dodge you, it makes for a really wonderful workout. Where else can you run along side a submarine?
3	Hope you don't mind mud. I walk the North Trail daily to get to work and back.  Well when it is frozen or dry.  The trail winds along the Allegheny River from Sharpsburg to the Carnegie Science Center.  A third of which is paved and very nice.  However the two-thirds that are not paved are riddled with huge mud puddles and quite sloppy.  Many runners prefer the packed dirt, but with no trail maintenance the trail has turned into one big sloppy mess over the years.  That being said if the weather has been dry and you need to stretch your legs I do recommend walking, running, or biking this scenic trail.
4	We don't seem to have a separate Yelp entry for the north shore trail and the Strip District to Point State Park trail so I hope it's ok that I combine reviews.First the Strip District portion would get 5 stars. The vast majority, other than a small bit by the Cork Factory, is paved. Maintenance is kept up. The views are just wonderful; I love going underneath the bridges and coming out by Point State Park. This is part of my biking work commute to downtown from Lawrenceville and I greatly enjoy it. The hills are pretty gentle unless you're vastly out of shape and slow like moi. I also take my senior citizen pup for walks on this trail and he enjoys himself so much that he can't help but nap all day after the long walk. A tired puppy means a happy puppy and master. I do wish they'd properly connect Lawrencevillle with the Strip though.Secondly, the North Shore trail. This section has less ups & downs, it's mostly flatland. It's also very pretty and affords you a nice look of the stadiums, casino, science center and the confluence. As others have noted, it can be a bit muddy but I bike this area so I'm ok doing some puddle dodging. There's a connector with Herrs Island which is a nice residential community to pass through. Who knows if they like all those bikers and runners though.This review would be 5 stars if not for the sometimes muddy nature of the North  Shore trail or the fact that I can be easily slowed down by the winds along the rivers. But still, I'm a huge fan of both trails.
3	A pretty good trail for biking and running during the summer months (as long as they don't get muddy). Parts of the trail have a nice view of the city. I recently ran a 5k on this trail and enjoyed it.
