5	Janet was a god send for my wedding! We bought all the bridesmaids dresses well in advance, well months after they were ordered we found out my sister, the MOH would be 6 months pregnant, super exciting but how would she fir in her mermaid dress!?!?! Janet to the rescue, we had a standing appointment for THREE DAYS before my wedding, my sister went in and Janet worked her magic! My sister looked amazing! I've sent numerous friends to Janet and all have had fantastic experiences. Janet is so friendly, she felt like a long lost aunt or something. Do not hesitate to use her
5	The least painful part of my wedding was the visit to Janet.  I bought my wedding dress on final clearance, only problem was it was 2 sizes too small.  Not a big deal since I wanted a corset back added anyway, I was mostly stressed about the cost of redoing it.  Janet made it not only a painless experience she was wonderful and kind and I actually enjoyed my fittings.  I ended up with the dress I dreamed of for about $700 (cost of dress and alterations) not bad for a semi custom dressed or for even just the original dress which held an original retail price of north of $2000! I have and will continue to send everyone I know to Janet Kirkman.  She is amazing!
5	Janet Kirkman is truly a master seamstress. When I arrived for my first fitting, I felt completely comfortable with her. She gave me a very affordable estimate for altering my trumpet-style wedding gown--a range of $285-$325, I believe.My dress needed to be sized down, have boning added to the bodice, cups for the bust, be shortened/hemmed, have a three-point American bustle added, and have some stitching redone since I got it at the Bridal Convention. She also noticed indicators that the dress had not been cleaned, even though the boutique claimed to have cleaned it (ugh), so she threw in the cleaning and final pressing for a discount. All told, the final cost was only $315! Hearing other crazy estimates, I had braced myself for spending up to $500, so I was pleased.I had three fittings with Janet and every time she was professional, personable, and a joy to work with. I felt that she valued my input and asked very good questions about the wedding and my style to gauge the changes she would make to the dress. In the end, my dress fit perfectly! I got amazing compliments and looked/felt very beautiful on my wedding day. My groom absolutely loved how it perfectly fit my shape!
5	If I could Janet 7 stars, I would. I can't praise her work on my wedding dress enough. She is so incredibly skilled, patient, and so very nice to boot. I bought my dream dress as a sample gown, 12 sizes too big. Course after buying it, I researched online about wedding dress alterations and everyone says that the most a dress can be changed is 2 to 4 sizes, max. Well Janet took my dress down TWELVE sizes and it turned out amazing! She is so patient and won't stop until the dress is perfect and you are 100% satisfied. I had a lot of work done - taken in 12 sizes for an allover lace dress, cups added, cleaned (since it was a sample gown it needed a little bit of help), hemmed, neckline altered to a sweetheart shape, and a french/american combo bustle. The alterations ended up costing more than the dress however the dress was a steal and the work was priced the same as other alteration places would charge, however I am positive that the other places couldn't have worked the miracles she did. I ended up with the dress of my dreams in budget and I couldn't be happier with Janet's work.She also can make you garter(s) and a veil to match your dress. You can trust Janet to treat and fix your wedding dress beautifully
5	Janet Kirkman trumps any bridal store or alteration shop around (and I did extensive research before going to Janet). My wedding dress was shipped to me from CA and arrived a mere 4 weeks before my wedding. It was much too large and needed several (fast) alterations (hem, zipper, gords, shoulder straps, and taking it all in at least 2-3 sizes). I was also going out of town for 10 days and therefore had only 2 weeks to work with. I am so thankful I found Janet. She is a design wizard, and altered my dress 4 times as I continued to lose weight before the wedding. She was fast, professional, personable, kind, detail-oriented; I truly cannot praise her enough! Save yourself a lot of time, energy, & stress: go to Janet Kirkman for any/all of your bridal needs!
3	Bridesmaid dress was done on time. Price was ok for what was done - a little on the higher side for simple alterations. Nice that she continually said to keep coming until I was happy.
5	Janet did an amazing job on making my dress look perfect. She keeps working on your dress until you are happy with how it looks. I loved working with her and would recommend her to any bride.
5	I took my bridesmaid dress to Janet at the recommendation of the bride, and I'm glad I did! All I needed was a simple hem taken up a few inches, but I felt I received the same amount of attention and service than anyone else would have. My dress was finished in 2 weeks (although it could have been done earlier if I needed it to be) and done beautifully. Janet's philosophy is you don't pay until it's perfect, but it was perfect on the first try. She also shaved an extra few dollars off the price because she quoted one of the other bridesmaids in the wedding party a bit lower of a price, and she said all bridesmaids pay the same. I thought that was very nice of her - and it was cheaper than any hem I've ever had done on a bridesmaid dress (and the dress actually had a bit of a train and ruffles to hem as well!). Janet was friendly and easy to work with, and I definitely recommend her for any formal dress alterations.
5	The wonderful amazing Janet! What a life saver you are and my oh my! You are so talented!I am a little Jcrew obsessed so I of course purchased my wedding dress at the bridal salon in NYC! When I asked where in AZ they recommended I have my dress altered, they told me to come back to Manhattan to one of their folks...uuhhh no...so my quest for an alterations person began!Thanks to the amazing reviews for Janet on Yelp, she was my first stop! Her location is just a smidge north on 68th Pl of Thomas...turn right at the Streets of NY pizza place and then she is located in the House of Brides on the west side of the street. She has the perfect little spot downstairs with a changing room and a 3 way mirror when you are ready.Since I had not seen my dress on except the one time, I was nervous to check it out, especially with all of my undergarments and with shoes. Janet was very helpful and immediately put me at ease. We talked about what I wanted to see and I learned all about french bustles and american bustles and all sorts of things I never knew about. Needless to say, she gave me excellent direction!I had one additional fitting after the holidays to make sure everything was in the right place and then it was showtime! She held my dress for me and allowed me to pick it up on the day of my wedding! I could not have been happier with the results! The bustle was perfection, my little wrist ribbon saved the dress from getting dirty at the Desert Botanical Garden and this baby fit like a glove! She is a true professional and I was thoroughly pleased with my dream dress!
5	Janet is a master of her trade! She takes a personal approach to made the bride to be feel special and look awesome on her big day!! Kudos to her!!
5	Not only did Janet finish my alterations in one week, she also went way below my budget. She is professional and courteous and her salon is in a central location. My dress is comfortable and fits great. I went in thinking I would like a second dress for the reception but after she made the hooks for the bustle I knew that I would want to stay in this dress for the whole night. I highly recommend her for any bride or bridesmaid looking for alterations!
5	Janet was referred to me by a friend who had her bridesmaids dress altered.  She was able to get me in quickly and her place is darling.  She is bubbly, friendly and extremely professional!  She hemmed my floor length gown so that it falls to the ground perfectly as well as made the dress fit like a dream.   Her prices are also very reasonable and her customer service is outstanding!I'm a soon-to-be bride myself and will absolutely be taking my dress to Janet for any alterations as well as referring my own bridesmaids.  She was even kind enough to recommend some bridal salons in the area, which I will be visiting soon!I highly recommend Janet to all bridesmaids and brides!
5	I would highly recommend Janet for wedding and bridal party dress alterations! She was fabulous! She completed alterations on my wedding gown, along with my mom and two other bridesmaid dresses. She was also able to make some minor alterations on a flower girl dress in a one-day turnaround! The flower girl lives in Italy, so I had purchased her dress for her. She arrived two days before the wedding and it was really big. I am so thankful that Janet was able to help me on short notice. She is very reasonably priced and came in well under what we expected to pay. She is absolutely wonderful to work with!
