5	I cannot say enough about Couture Cleaner. My girlfriend had a last-minute need to steam out her outfit before a big dinner (the reason we were in Vegas in the first place), and I showed up at the Couture Cleaner location on Hacienda about three minutes before closing. The president of the company PERSONALLY took care of it himself before locking up. The nicest people ever, with excellent service to boot. They deserve the highest rating possible.
1	DO NOT GO HERE.  I cannot emphasize enough how fearful you should be to take your items here.  First, I asked what would happen if my very expensive clothing item (part of a bridal gown) was lost or damaged.  The woman told me she would have to ask but she kept emphasizing how they always clean really expensive items and that is not something I would have to worry about. So I left my item there with the instruction not to clean it unless they would replace or repair if it was damaged/lost.  She told me she would call me ASAP.  I never recieved a call from her.  Finally, 5 days later, I called her.  She told me that the owner now refuses to clean my garment because of the value of the item and they could not guarantee that it would not be damaged or lost.  She kept saying that they were concerned because it had already been worn! Ummm isnt that the whole point of a dry cleaner?!  I then said, forget it, I don't need a guarantee, just clean my item.  She then proceeded to tell me that regardless, she will not clean my item because cleaning it may bring out a stain and it is too expensive.  Now it has been a week and I still need my bridal gown cleaned before the wedding.
5	I am a personal assistant and I have a VERY discerning employer with expensive clothes. I have taken Tom Ford, Gucci, Dolce and Gabbana, and vintage clothing to Couture Cleaners for my employer who has never been happier with the results. Blanca is excellent at customer service, honest, and has great follow up. If you need something cleaned or you need something repaired THIS IS THE PLACE TO GO!
