1	Clouded judgment on the way home from a night out led me here.  I had a giftcard. so I figured why not?  A couple hours later I had a conversation with "Ralph" on the big porcelain telephone  that gave a couple answers to "why not".Ugh.  Maybe I deserved to be punished.
1	This was literally probably the worst customer service I've ever had. The cashier, Emma I think her name was, took my order. When I got to the window, I found that my order had been made incorrectly and asked them to fix it. When she came back with my new food she told me people were waiting and I had to leave. I was quickly checking it to make sure it was made correctly, since it was wrong the first time. I didn't appreciate her tone, but just asked her for salt and ketchup. She shoved the packets into my hands aggressively and scoffed at me. I don't see how it was my fault for holding up the line; their carelessness was what slowed them down. The food wasn't even quality so that didn't even make up for it. It looked absolutely unappetizing. To top it off, she turned to the associate next to her and said "I don't know, she's being a real *you know what*." I've never been so disrespected at an establishment and I'm not even comfortable repeating what she said about me.I contacted their store manager who was monotone and not very helpful, asking me how I wanted her to fix the problem. Shouldn't she be the one to know the protocol of how to fix it? I ended up calling corporate who was more helpful with the situation. I'm in the customer service industry and know how important it really is, and this associate needs to go back to very basic training if they are going to allow her to represent their company.
1	The worst Jack in the Box I have EVER BEEN TO!!! They constantly get your order wrong, the food is literally dropping with grease so badly that the bag is completely soaked!! STAY AWAY FROM THIS ONE!!!!
1	Honestly, one star is still to good of a rating for this location! If you love burnt food, atrocious customer serivce, and long wait times then this location is perfect for you. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!
