5	Can be a bit busy, but really great food.  Many types of sushi in this place's huge menu.
3	Just take a look at the servers wearing the "Got Sushi" shirts (think "Got Milk") and you know that Ru San's is in the mix.  With a 6-page sushi menu and reguarly-changing specials, ordering sushi can be a nightmare for the indecisive orderer, but it's all good here.  I think there is better-quality fish in Charlotte, but the rolls here are fun and different....  Though the really tasty ones (Flying Kamikaze and Rising Sun) tend to be fried and saucy, there are a bunch of healthier rolls like the terriyaki eggplant, ceviche shrimp, and ginger-simmered tuna.  The yakitori is good, too.
4	As a young sushi eater i fell in love with Ru San's.  There is a lot to love about this place-  they have a huge and creative menu, they have a large selection of dollar rolls, and they have a high energy staff that is entertaining.  However, as the years have passed I have fallen out of love with Ru San's.  The main problem I have with this place is that their health code rating has fallen (more than once) into the 70s and that is just gross.  One time they were reportedly docked points because food had been picked-up off the floor and then served.  I have also been there before and seen that they weren't refridgerating all of the fish (I'm talking stacks of crab sticks just sitting out  on a table, and they weren't about to be used).  If this doesn't dissuade you, my friends have gotten sick several times after eating at the Nashville location.EDIT:  They have recently remodeled and I was quite impressed with the lunch buffet.  I checked and the health code rating was above a 95.
3	Ru San's is a lot of fun -and noisy!    Be prepared to be greeted by a lot of yelling when you walk in the door - and again when you leave!  The lunch buffet hosts a fairly standard sushi line-up and is a great place for a quick, tasty lunch during the week.  For dinner, the rolls are way more creative - try the punk rock and roll (my favorite!) and the Jana Moon.  I have found ordering the chirashi at a sushi restaurant gives you a good idea of the quality of the fish, and I have to say the quality here is not the greatest.  Stick to the rolls and shy away from any sashimi other than tuna and salmon.  Would be a great restaurant to bring out of town guests to!
4	Hip, industrial-chic sushi restaurant with oodles of choices on offer. The mood is young, fun-loving, and a little wacky--not at all uptight or pretentious. As my brother, a Charlotte sushi-lover, says, you come to Ru San for the rolls and go elsewhere if you're in the mood for nigiri. We absolutely loved the tuna tataki (piles of perfectly seared tuna atop crisp vegetable filaments with a side of pure heaven as a dipping sauce). Other winners included the Olympic Five Ring Roll, served with yet another divine sauce, this time a spicy aioli, and the Firecracker Roll, quite possibly the most delicious roll I've ever had. As another reviewer pointed out, their specialties tend toward the deep-fried and saucy, but that's ok by me. Just add edamame and Asahi for a nutritious, balanced meal. Apparently Ru San plummeted in quality when chef and owner Ru left town, but now he's back and has restored the place to its former glory.
3	Ru-San's was my favorite Sushi spot in Charlotte, and the other day I went with a group of friends to give it a second chance, and well it was better than average.  The night we were there it was very slow .(Monday night) but the service was good, the beer was excellent and the sake bombs were flowing freely.  In other words Ru-San's is back.  The Salmon and Tuna Nigiri were very fresh and the tuna was sliced so thin it just melted in my mouth.  We got the house sake' and  dropped shots of it into the Kirin Ichiban and the Sapporo Gold to enjoy the sake Bombs.  But the highlight of the meal, and the reason Ru-San's will always have a place in my heart is the FIRECRACKER, if you go to Ru-San's this is a must, its a lightly battered and fried tune and rice roll with an amazing spicy dipping sauce, oooh it is soooo good, gotta get the firecracker.
2	"A Night at the Roxbury" of Japanese restaurants.  The music is so loud, unfortunately it's the main take-away.  Perhaps it's not as bad on any night other than Friday or Saturday for dinner. It's a beautiful space and the food is pretty good.  I would give them another try if it weren't for fear of leaving deaf and hoarse again.
3	Walk through the sweltering heat of the parking lot, listening to the cicadas hissing, i pull open the glass doors and enter Ru San's. Seems like this place plopped down from the sky in the middle of a corn field. I'm exaggerating here.Sit down, order saki and tuna tataki and miso soup.It's not loud like everyone says.Waitress is rushed but easy going. Soup has spaghetti in it? Huh?Tuna was overcooked...and not enough sauce. Overuse and abundance of daikon is compensating for quality, similar to small man buying fancy car.Firecracker roll was delicious like a donut is delicious.Unagi was pretty good.Spider roll also delicious.Kirin and a $60 dollar check for 2 stuffed middle aged people.I wiil be back for sure because the menu is sixteen pages long.
5	"SAKE BOMB "  was the the first thing I heard when i walked in, sounds like my kinda spot . Ru Sun's is a great spot to be with some of the best sushi and drinks out.  I was first introduced to ru sun's by a friend of mine and can't stop going. Its spot where we go before clubbing, shopping, or anywhere else.  The people are so friendly and if you go often like I do they know your name and you start to know them. Oh, and you have to try the spicy noodles on the back of the menu they are the best.
4	I'll admit that when I first dined at Ru San's at few years ago, I left feeling as though I had an average sushi dinner.  However, after returning there only recently a few times in the past year, my opinion has changed drastically.  They've doubled the size of the restaurant and offer so many sushi choices and sake drinks that I almost feel overwhelmed.  And by overwhelmed, I mean that I order and order and order because everything sounds good and then I walk out of there feeling like a stuffed sushi roll myself.  For sushi, there are about 10 pages of items that you can order.  I have no idea what they are, but all that I've "sampled" have tasted fantastic!   I've even tried items off the $1 and $2 menu that were tasty.  Ever try peanut sushi?  It's a good "starter" item if you've never had sushi before.  For a special treat, try a specialty sake drink.  Ru San's offers several different concoctions for $4.95 (formerly $4!).  I started with the Lady Killer (insert joke here) which was a sweet, fruity sake with kiwi juice.  I then got hooked on the Kamikaze and haven't been able to try anything else.  What is it, you ask?  Sake, lime juice, and a splash of tabasco.  Yes, it doesn't sound too appetizing, but it is oh-so-good.  You primarily taste the lime...and then it's followed by a little "kick!"  It's not terribly hot, but it does have that "kick."  YUM.  I'm craving one right now. The atmosphere is a little loud with lots of energy and music, but with enough open space that you won't feel claustrophobic.   The service is a bit slow, but maybe it's just because we've always sat at the sushi bar?  Thankfully, that slower service is only for the drinks.  If you sit at the bar, you order your sushi directly from the sushi chef in front of you and you get served immediately after he's prepared it for you.  No waiting!
4	I've been to Ru Sans a few times, and I've always left stuffed. Although I don't eat fish, Ru Sans has a variety of vegetarian sushi options. The prices on their rolls are excellent, and the food is always great. It's a little tight inside, but I went with a big group and we still were able to get seated. It wasn't ideal, but it was good enough. I've been in with a kid as well, and the staff was friendly with him and helped the mother get him situated and fed. Overall, it's earned its reputation as one of the best sushi spots in Charlotte. It's not pretentious, the food is good, the service is friendly, and the prices are great.
4	The Sushi Review Ru San'sDespite the fact that this secluded corner-style-deli type sushi restaurant Has become the trendy place to "see and be seen"; this spot is still hands down my favorite sushi place in all of Charlotte. Even before a much needed renovation in the dining area this locally owned hangout spot was notorious for hosting gatherings of local "D List" celebrities, DJ's, filmmakers and underground multimedia kingpins (AKA the F List) such as yours truly. I'm not even going to try to deny it, the first time I went there I was trying to "hang face" and see what the entire buzz was about. Well, I soon found out. You have to understand, most actors are servers, most DJ's live with their moms and most indie filmmakers are starving artists. This isn't exactly the disposable income crowd. The prices on the sushi menu reflect that need for value. The quality at such a low price is unmatched. They have a great selection as well. Try and remember that these reviews are all about the "Maki", baby. This was the first place I tried the now infamous "tempura philly" (soon to be known as a soundboy roll); a maki roll with salmon and cream cheese that is battered and flash fried in peanut oil. If you don't see it on the menu, ask for it - you will thank me.  Ru sans is the best affordable sushi I have had thus far, including some trendier hipper spots in LA and Miami. Don't get me wrong, I was as shocked as anyone else to find great sushi in Charlotte, regardless of the price. They are centrally located on the upper end of Park Road so afterwards you can take the long stroll over to SouthEnd for drinks or maybe catch the train uptown. In any case Ru Sans gets a total thumbs up from me and I would recommend it to anyone. Just remember that it is small, so get there early. The service could be little better, but "this aint the ritz" so to speak. Go for the sushi, go BACK for the price.
4	If you're looking to dine in a high-energy environment, go to Ru San's, where the chefs are often yelling and greeting you when you walk in. Ru San's has good sushi and Japanese food. Plus, it's pretty affordable. I'm not a sushi fan, so I tend to get vegetable tempura or teriyaki chicken, both of which are delicious at Ru San's. My sushi-loving friends love the place too.
5	This place is not only a good sushi joint, but nonstop fun as well.  In the 4 years I lived in CLT this was one of those places I kept coming back to.  You have a great dollar sushi menu (try the fried garlic maki), allowing you to sample a wide variety of flavors without breaking the bank.  During the week there's a killer buffet that's always mobbed.  Go early or late to avoid the rush.  Even at the end they're still on top of refreshing the buffet. Dinner there is always good.  If you decide to do a sake-bomb the entire restaurant cheers you on.  The plum sake if delicious if you want a little sweet in your alcohol.  The tempura is great with a light minimally greasy batter.  Green tea ice cream is a perfect finishing move.The entire staff (even the chefs) is friendly and attentive.  I can't say enough good things about this place.  My girl and I became regulars early on.The one bad thing about restaurants in Charlotte is that you have to be told about the good ones.  You really can't drive down a road and "stumble" upon it.  Thankfully our Charlotte "connection" let us in on the Ru San's secret when we first moved there.Fun, relaxed atmosphere.  Delicious food with a huge selection.  Incredible artwork (made by the owner himself) hanging on the walls.  What more do I have to say?  Get your ass over to Ru San's and have a sake-bomb for me ;)
2	This is just so-so sushi, nothing special.  I add one caveat:  I ordered nigiri directly from Hata, one of the chefs there at night - and it was pretty good.  He wrapped it just right.  No disrespect to the other chefs, but Hata is the heat there.  I always call ahead to see if he's working there and if he's not then I find somewhere else.  I'm writing this anonymously because anyone you ask in Charlotte will RAVE about this place.  It took me about 6 months to figure out I couldn't trust the palate of the city as a whole.  Somebody's high.  The good points:  it's cheap. And they have an all-u-can-eat-buffet lolThe bad points:   service is not great.  And they have an all-u-can-eat-buffet lol
1	I was very unimpressed with this place. Its cheap sushi which is red flag number one and they also have an all you can eat sushi buffet red flag number two. My fiance and I went here during the all you can eat buffet and I could not even eat my sushi. It was warm and smelled fishy. I guess if you are a person who is not the biggest sushi fan and enjoy cheap fried sushi this place could work for you.
2	I waited a while to write this review, so that I could at least try it more than once before giving my opinion.Many people rave about Ru San, but I'm afraid I don't share the same enthusiasm about this place.  I think if you go in with the mindset of having some fun non-traditional sushi and having lots of alcohol,  you'll have a good time.  For me, I think I can appreciate semi-Americanized sushi, specialty rolls, etc. but Ru-San's didn't quite hit the mark.I do enjoy the concept of their $1 sushi menu, buried within their vast menu; it's a great way to get a feel for their style, sort of tapas style.  Their Ceviche is good as is their Rock and Roll (or something like that).  I love that it's cheap, small portions, and kind of no-commitment (if you don't like it, hey it was only a buck).  The teriyaki rice ball is a crispy rice ball with rich teriyaki sauce and is pretty tasty, more in an appetizer/dessert sort of way.If you veer off the $1 items, Ru-San's falls short.  While I respect that someone said the Firecracker Roll is "delicious like a donut," that is only true if donuts taste like a$$ (I say this not to be mean, but purely to make a point).  I have to warn the rest of you.  I love donuts, but I did not love the Firecracker Roll.  It is deep fried where the fish becomes tasteless and then they douse it in red chili sauce that is absolutely overpowering, unappetizing looking and I am reduced to a one-syllable adjective - yuck.  Sometimes a child's vocabulary describes it best.  It's not the heat, (there wasn't much heat) it's the taste that turned me off.  It's like they took a good steak, cooked it well-done and slathered it in A1 steak sauce.  I wanted to rinse my mouth out with sake.  I just don't get the appeal of the Firecracker Roll.  Unlike the others, I thought the service was good.  No complaints from me on that front.  I think it's a fine place for a non-traditional sushi lover, but I'm not a fan.
3	8.50 sushi buffet, your expectations can't be that high.But! The sushi is actually pretty good, and they even have sashimi. You can tell not all the sushi/sashimi's not fresh, but I guess that's why it's 8.50. Place is pretty crowded but kept clean for the most part!
4	Love the buffet!  If you want really traditional, expensive sushi - move on.  If you want a fun experience to share with friends and get some serious rolls with crazy names and some sake cocktails that you've never even dreamed of - then COME ON!  The menu is so big, you'll want to keep ordering - but once you find your favorites, rest assured that they'll be there waiting for you when you come back.  Love you, Ru!
2	I am a huge sushi fan and for my birthday, that's what I wanted. I got my best girlfriends together and told them all that I had heard great things about Ru San's. We were all expecting a great meal and I was incredibly disappointed. The menu is huge and overwhelming. It probably took us 30 minutes to figure out what we wanted. The service was lacking and my friends were quite irritated. I spent about $35 dollars on food alone (on just myself) and only got $10 worth of sushi I liked. I am very open-minded and adventurous when it comes to sushi but this time it was to my detriment. I have not been back to Ru San's since but I heard about their buffet which is supposed to be good and very cheap. I am always skeptical about buffets but apparently this one is delicious. I would recommend trying the buffet before going for dinner, at least you can try things without wasting a lot of money. I hope to have a better experience when I go back for the buffet but I am not expecting too much.
4	Like others have said in their reviews, don't come here expectings the most traditional sushi or even the best quality sushi - come here expecting funky rolls you won't find anywhere else, and you'll love it.  The Dr. Zhivago roll is great, as is the Punk Rock and Roll (and a ton of the other rolls I've tried, too, but they have crazy names I can't remember).  Order some yakitori skewers as an appetizer - the scallops wrapped in bacon are the absolute best I've ever had.  The lunch buffet is cheap and plentiful, but again, don't expect the best sushi ever.  Last time our server was mediocre at best, but every other time I've been there the servers have been pretty average, so I'm not holding it aghainst them.
4	I have been here twice for dinner and I like the place a lot.  Maybe it's not the best sushi, but the value you get on the price is amazing.  Don't fall for their Titanic roll.  Supposedly you can find a treasure which turns into a gift certificate, but it's not a tasty roll.I recommend the Midnight Club roll and the Volcano roll.  Both are excellent.  Also, try the teriyaki ball.  Get some yakitori/tempura/maki rolls for $1-3 each.  End up with a full stomach after spending around $20.The best way to order is family style where everyone shares.  That way you don't end up eating a whole roll you don't like and have more variety.  Honestly, both times I ordered so much food, and never spent more than $30-35 after tip.Also, it's a nice looking restaurant with a pretty fancy decor, but it's a casual atmosphere, although I hear on the weekends it's pretty bumpin.
4	Despite the pumping techno throughout dinner, I thoroughly enjoyed my meal. The lobster tempura with mango roll on special was one of the best I've ever had. The prices are ridiculously low, service is attentive, and food is delicious. I thought the fish was great, not sure how much fresher previous reviewers are looking for. The environment is super noisy but I am definitely willing to overlook that for good prices. Will definitely be a regular here.
4	Practically an institution, I've been to Ru-San's at least a dozen times, always for lunch. The self-serve buffet of sushi isn't the absolute best quality, but there are usually a few good finds. They usually have salmon or tuna sushi as well as several of their creative and innovative rolls. At least half are fried, which is always an interesting option. This is, after all, the South. :-)You can easily avoid the fried stuff and focus on the raw fish. Plenty of options, even on the slower days, the stuff doesn't sit out there for long. On the back table (you didn't know there were two?) are usually a steam tray with lo mein and egg rolls and sometimes fried chicken drumsticks and wings. I've spotted big trays of tuna and salmon sashimi there on occasion.You can't beat the price. $10 with water or $12 if you get a soda. That's a deal and a half!I love it. One of these days, I'll have to return for dinner.
4	This place would get five stars for price and three for food.  Let's split the difference and call it a four.It's really cheap.  let's just get that out of the way and move on.While there, I ordered a few different rolls - spicy tuna, california, spider, etc., and found all of them perfectly edible,and even tasty.  Missing from these rolls was that sensation that everything was "jumping" fresh or cut just right.  You might get a chewy piece here and there.Just for fun, I got some of the a la carte tempura items, including a really off-the-wall tempura quail's egg.  Essentially, they fried a quail's egg sunny side up, then dipped it in tempura batter and voila!Apart from the food, this place is nothing if not unwieldy.  The menu is preposterously large and involved, the service is no help in sorting through the chaff on the menu, and the physical space is large with strange clutter here and there.  The AC was blasting our seating area during our last visit, maybe as an attempt to keep the sushi from losing its last bit of freshness while on the table (joke).Still, somehow, this is a fun place to eat.  If it were more expensive?  Not so fun.
3	Ru San's has to be one of the most-reviewed places in Charlotte (not that really tells you much), and I'm not a big eater of sushi, so I probably won't be adding a lot here.The restaurant itself is tucked into a nondescript strip mall off Park Road - and not likely the Park Road that you're likely to have seen towards the South side of Charlotte, but up near the center city instead.If you happen to find it, you might be surprised by how large it is once you're inside, and apparently the menu is pretty good-sized as well.  I've actually never looked at it, as I've only been once, and that was for their lunch when I met friends there.The lunch is a decently-priced $10 for all-you-care-to-eat sushi, but not being an expert on the cuisine, I can't say if it's particular good.  I actually ate a decent sampling of what was on the buffet, meaning it probably isn't that great.  I didn't really care for most of it, just because it didn't seem that fresh or tasty, and the fact that I took it at all means to me that it doesn't seem that great.  Take that to mean what you will!During lunch there is also a small Chinese section to the buffet where you can get fairly standard Chinese fare too, but again, it's not that great.Also, be warned that the place is simply packed.  Go early or late!
2	After many people asked me if I have tried Ru San's, I finally went! We were welcomed by all the sushi chefs yelling greetings. The staff were very much sports fans and would celebrate when a good play was made.The portions were large and the sushi pieces and rolls were inexpensive. The menu is slightly overwhelming because of all they offer. The service was good, the selection was plentiful, but the quality of the food was lacking (I guess you get what you pay for.)The restaurant itself was big, open, and bright. The music was loud and seemed a bit "club-esce." It would be great if the place was packed, but it seemed a bit off when there were only 3-4 tables filled and it was daytime. Not bad for something quick, but definitely not a place I crave. And as you leave, all the chefs say goodbye too. I think the greeting and the salutation was awesome.
1	I had my last RuSan's experience last night. I've eaten there before, and it's been tolerable -- that is to say, loud, but with decent cheap sushi, and good Japanese-style soups and entrees, prepared and served, ironically enough, completely by people of Hispanic descent.My wife and I ate there last night. She ordered sushi, I had soup. Her sushi arrived about 15 minutes after ordering. She started eating and we waited for my food. (Not a big deal, she eats slowly anyway.) So I waited. And waited. And waited. My wife finished her food, and just about as she ate the last bite, the soup arrived. About 40 minutes after her food. Nearly an hour after ordering. No explanation was offered for the delay, and the place was not busy.I'll be going somewhere else from now on. Inability to have the entrees come out within 5 minutes of each other is just inexcusable. Especially sushi. Were they afraid it was going to get cold?
3	Ah, RuSan's. There's four in ATL, and our little outpost here. CLT veggies should rejoice, and I come here when I want (a lot of) sushi, because the selection is large and in charge. There is no where else in our fair town where you sit down and actually have to think about what rolls to order - the selection of veg-friendly stuffs is that comprehensive, and they're all about creating custom rolls. Don't get me wrong, I love avocado/cuke rolls, but one does crave deviation, occasionally.Apart from that, I've had the Yasai soba (my fiance's angry tummy can attest to the broth being fish-based, as tradition dictates), edamame, fried rice (very good, but hey, it's fried rice), a few other hot items. But it's all about the vegetable tempura roll (special order) or what I like to call the bagel - tomato, cream cheese, scallion, toasted sesame seeds, deep fried (another special order). Yeehaw.
4	We went to Ru San's for dinner. (Note: this place is very hard to find) Alas, there was no buffet option, but we definitely treated it like it was. We ordered everything 5 times over with no regard to price, and yet 7 guys + me and 2 hours later, the bill comes out to a mere $377!I like that this place has a huge sushi menu, and that the prices are low. My favorite roll was the Rich and Famous, it might not be on the menu anymore! The yellow tail and salmon sashimi were GREAT (tuna was just so-so), and the service was slow but very friendly. I wonder if they'll deliver sake bombs to my hotel....
4	Ru San's is definitely on heavy rotation for dinner.  It's not the best sushi, but it's good and it's cheap!  I call it Everyday Sushi.  It's also one of the ony places that serves decent skewers.  Definitely try to the tempura enoki and salmon skin.  The siracha sauce on the table stops me from having to bother the waiter for it!
4	42 piece sashimi sampler - This is a boat load of sashimi.. literally a huge boat. I would recommend against it even though it's a good deal because it includes alot of sashimi that most people are afraid of eating (e.g. Uni - looks like poo, Octopus - has tentacles, Shrimp heads - self-explanatory...)Snow White Roll - YUMSushi Tart - butter on top of sushi? Excellent idea. Hard to share, but delicious.Steak Roll (special) - Good for the unadventurous. Kobe Steak Appetizer - Good steak, the sauce was a little too sweet for me.Salmon Sashimi, Rich and Famous, Yellow Tail - Always a winnerTuna Poke, Tuna Sashimi - Always kinda... meh.3 egg sushi - WHOA, too overwhelming. Could only eat 1.And they also have half off bottles of wine during Happy Hour!
4	Best lunch buffet deal- all you can eat Sushi!  Now that I live in California, I can't believe I didn't take more advantage of that option.  Interesting rolls and fresh sushi.  Always busy and pretty loud, very fun!
4	The only thing you need to know about Ru San's:All you can eat sushi lunch buffet.The selection of rolls and sushi is neither varied or exceptional but for $10 you can't go wrong. Ru San's definitely has the best bang for buck sushi in the area hands down!
4	As a relative newcomer to Charlotte, I try not to visit many restaurants more than once because there are so many places to try in this city. Ru San's is a little different though. My husband and I have been there about half a dozen times and we will continue to return. Ambiance is strange. Several have commented on the loud techno-ey music they like to blast and I will just say that its not exactly charming. Somehow, we always manage to walk in and get seated immediately, only to turn around 5 minutes later and see a line out the door waiting for tables. I guess we are lucky but we have never had to wait. It's very fast moving (I literally watched a waiter running back and forth across the restaurant on a Saturday night) ...but let's be honest here, you do not go to Ru San's for a quiet romantic relaxing evening. You go to Ru San's for cheap cheap cheap food that is actually pretty tasty. If you do as I do and stick to the page of $1-$2 offerings and just order a few little things, you can easily walk out of there with a bill under $20 for two, drinks included. Okay if you want more than one drink each, make that $30. Still a very reasonable night out!  Please do yourself a favor and order the fried rice ball. Do it. First of all, its filling and cheap. Second of all, it might be the most delicious little creation ever. I also usually get a couple of tempura veggies (their sweet potato and zucchini are delish) and a couple of their $1 dollar sushi rolls (3 pieces.) That is more than enough food! Their sushi is definitely not the best you have had in your life but you cannot go wrong with 3 pieces for a dollar and it is relatively decent. They have yummy skewers too if you want to mix and match. My husband had the scallops and could not have been happier.
4	This place is always great for casual Saturday.. or any other day of the week for that matter. This Ru Sans has a great atmosphere.. the cooks and waiters/waitresses greet you loudly and warmly.Take advantage of the lunch buffet on the weekdays. It's probably the best sushi buffet you'll ever have for like what? $5? :)
4	This has always been my favorite sushi place.  The menu is huge. Always had good service.  The sushi comes pretty quickly.
5	I dined at Ru San's last night. This restaurant does not have the fanciest atmosphere. However, the prices are great, and the sushi was well made and truly outstanding. The fun, friendly staff made the meal all the better. I certainly will recommend Ru San's!
5	A hip sushi joint with great vegan sushi options. Excellent atmosphere and service.
4	so i used to go to ru sans way back in the day for their lunch buffet, this was before they expanded.  i always liked it just fine, good/decent food for a good price but it faded in my brain and i forgot about it.  then i went there again wednesday night.  half price bottle of good wine, couple rolls, couple pieces of sashimi and am back on the runsans train.  not only have they made the resty twice as big since i was there last it still has an upbeat atmosphere and extremely reasonable prices, actually id almost call it cheap.  so i summation, rusans is the best value for sushi in the city and how can you go wrong with half price bottles of wine?  i'll be back there a lot
4	After three months back in Charlotte, husband and I finally hit up Ru San's this weekend.  We'd heard some good things, mostly from the vegetarian blogs and yelpers, and we weren't disappointed.It was about 8:00 on a Friday night, and the place was hopping - luckily, though, the patio was half empty so we got a table quickly enough.  I have to say I was relieved; although the idea of "diner sushi" (as my husband called the inside atmosphere) seems cool, the inside was louder and less subdued than I prefer.  Sitting outside, at least we could hear ourselves think.Our server was adorable, a young Asian American guy with a super emo haircut and an impish grin.  The sushi could have been shit, and I think I would have still enjoyed myself because of him.Happily, however, the sushi was pretty decent, mostly because of the large list of vegetarian maki.  We ordered five rolls - the spinach, pickled radish, tempura tofu, sweet tofu, and dried cranberry - and they were all tasty.  Husband preferred the tempura tofu, and I thought the sweet tofu was the best.  We also ordered an appetizer of their veggie dumplings, which were served with a spicy garlicky dipping sauce that was out of this world.Husband had a beer, and I had wine, and the tab still ran under $40.  For a nice night on a patio with some totally edible sushi, I'll take it.
2	I don't understand when people tell me they love Ru Sans. The sushi is just ok... Nothing Special. 80% of the menu is deep fried. Ick.Not saying I would never go here again but there are SOOOOO many better places!
4	I've been to Ru San's for both lunch and dinner.  I've enjoyed both occasions but the experience has been different.  For lunch there is a buffet bar with all you can eat sushi - which is awesome.  I definitely went a little crazy and left very full.  The sushi wasn't the best ever, but enough to satisfy my palate and a great value for weekday lunch.  Dinner is the standard order-from-menu sushi fare.  Ru San's has an overwhelming amount of selection.  They have a lot of inventive rolls with ingredients all over the place - I think I had one with beef at one point.  The crazy rolls are about $7 or $8.  Additionally they have a "value" section of standard choices that you can get for $1, which is fun and affordable.  I chose a crazy roll and a few value items and had a great meal.  On the weekend night I went to Ru San's the atmosphere was very festive - there were a ton of young people and electronicish music.  There was some crazy bachelorette party at one of the large tables (good for groups!) in the back.  They have Asian inspired art on the wall that is signed by "Ru San."  This Ru San seems like a renaissance-person.  Our waitress was very attentive and friendly and I had an overall enjoyable experience.  Will definitely go again.
3	Another cheap sushi buffet place. My friends were all praise abt this place before I  tried it myself. Sushi is below average but worth the buffet price. Filled my hungry stomach but  not satisfied with taste. For three, bill was $29.15 on Saturday lunch buffet, which is cheap.
1	The price was fair and the atmosphere is well...interesting. That is about all I can say. The sushi was terrible! If you like fried rolls with cream cheese and random other bits shoved in with overpowering sauce, then this is the place for you!  However, if you crave fresh finely cut pieces of fish, go somewhere else. I got a roll in which there was chewy connective tissue still attached! What kind of half cocked "sushi" places allows that to happen. To leave on a positive note, the service was quick.
3	Gotta say, Ru San's is the warmest sushi restaurant ever. Everyone is super friendly, from the hostess to the guys behind the counter. And their $5 lunch box is incredible. Buffet style, self serve sushi, plus the chefs will handroll something fresh if you ask nicely. They even have fried chicken wings and stirfry dishes.The first time I went, the chef was disappointed that I could CLOSE THE LID on my box, and insisted I go back for more. This isn't a place for sushi snobs, but it's an awesome, cheap, filling and friendly experience.
4	Oh Ru San's you warm the cheap, cheap cockles of my heart with your delicious sushi goodness. That is not to say that if one had a more ample sushi budget you couldn't find some creative and complex maki, for you certainly can. I, however, am a diehard fan of the dollar menu. That's right kids, there is a whole section of the menu where a Sacajawea can get you a 3 piece maki. That means that for less than what I generally shell out at Starbucks I can get a fresh mix and match meal including a variety of fish and sauces.Their sake cocktails are pretty tasty as well (I first gave them a try in order to reach the loosely enforced $10 credit card minimum). Do be warned That if you are not generally a fruity/sweet cocktail drinker sine selections may be a touch overwhelming.While I have certainly enjoyed the Ru San's experience with a group of friends and for dinner w/the bf, my favorite Ru San's trip by far was pulling up a seat at the bar (which has purse hooks!) by myself. So next time you are looking for a spot to grab a lighter solo meal, I'd definitely point you in Ru San's direction.
2	Maybe I have finally turned the corner and become a sushi snob!  I stopped in here the other day for the lunch buffet and was less than pleased with the quality of food.  I've been here for the buffet in the past but its been awhile.  I do realize that it's a $10 sushi buffet so expecatations were set accordingly.  The mushy avacado is the rolls was just unacceptable.  The huge bowl of wasabi was just weak at best.  My suggestion would be to skip the buffet and go get sushi somewhere else.  Sacrificing the quality of the ingredients just isnt worth the low price.
1	What an Experience or maybe an Nightmare!!! The way that I pick the restaurants to eat at is through Yelp. The way that my husband pick the restaurants is through word for mouth.  Both could be beneficial, but I was not too thrilled to go check this place out, and boy was I right. I finally gave in to my hubby because people told him that this is the best Sushi Buffet in Charlotte, (he needs to really stop listening to those people LOL). The place was jam pack with people who I guess enjoys it, but it was not worth the $25.00 that we paid. This was for two $9.95 adult buffet and three sodas. Yes three sodas for two people, because you don't get free refills since the soda comes in a can. So anytime you want more to drink, you have to order another can of soda (which they don't tell you). Anyway the place was dirty looking and the buffet setup was in the dark aisle between the bar and other patrons booths. And boy was it a mess. The handles of the tongs were setting on the food and which made it sticky, not enough tongs for each item, so you have to use the same tongs for 3 different items and the food was just thrown on the plate like slop thrown in the trough for pigs. The sushi rolls were not label, so therefore you didn't know what you were eating and if you were allergic to something in the roll that was not seen you was SOL. The calamari tasted as if it was cooked in the same grease as the fried chicken. I guess their play on Chicken calamari! Best thing on the menu to me which I got three plates of was the....... SALAD and ginger dressing. Best thing on the menu for my husband was...... the Coke in the Can!!!! He hated everything. The most disgusting buffet I have seen. By the time the bill came, my hubby wanted to walk out, because he did not eat anything!!!! But the two cans of Coke. But we paid our bill and vowed to each other never to come here again!!!P.S. The servers yell across the restaurant to alert the hostess that people are coming into the restaurant!!! So ignoring, especially since we were sitting at the booth right by the door!!!
1	After working in a sushi restaurant I feel kind of biased toward other sushi restaurants. Feelings aside. Lunch was by far one of the worst dining experiences I have had in Charlotte. Came here with a group for a friends birthday. We were told they can't accommodate a large group. Finally getting seated it took 25min before we were noticed by our server. Over an hour later no food. After finally receiving our food nothing about it was impressive, more or less just filled the void. Took another 30min for checks and this concluded my first and last visit to Ru San's...
5	If you love sushi you'll love it. The lunch buffet is the highlight for me.
3	Jonathan T. and I might be sharing a brain, because I may have also turned a corner on my love for RuSan's.... the quality is just not there sometimes.I can't do the lunch buffet any longer - the sloppy rolls, no bueno. Plus it's not $9.95!Will still go here for dinner though - I think their care and freshness are still A+ after the lunch crowd leaves.If you're a sushi connoisseur SKIP THE LUNCH! Just go for dinner :)
4	This is my go-to sushi restaurant when I'm craving sushi but can't afford the upscale sushi restaurants that I like (i.e. check out Soul Gastrolounge). The sushi is very good for the price you pay. If you can eat a LOT of sushi, it might not end up being that cheap, but for me, this has to be the cheapest GOOD restaurant I can go to for lunch or dinner. I usually just get a couple sake nigiri, unagi nigiri, and some spicy tuna rolls, and it is under $15. I've also tried their seaweed salad. I've only had that at one other place, but both were delicious!Here is the full menu:http://www.allmenus.com/nc/charlotte/41903-ru-sans/menu/CHEAP!! But it works when you're craving sushi!Also, I must mention the waiters I've had here have all been very pleasant, and usually pretty fast even when the restaurant is busy.
3	The pro's - $1 rolls actually do not taste as bad as $1 rolls shouldI love the parking lot (unlike KO). Mui Buena roll. Cheap. The con's- A lot of fried stuff...not a ton of simple elegant rolls. The quality of the fish- well couldn't really taste that over all of the fried stuff. Not everyone wants sriracha on everything. Do not try the plum wine- yuck. The rolls seemed a bit sloppy. I think they would do much better if they scaled back and took their time when making a roll. They need to figure out tastes and flavors that work nicely together and then they would be set. Mui Buena - bestCalif roll- pretty standardShrimp Ceviche roll- eh just ok  Spricy Tuna- nothing specialGone with the Wind- a bit ridiculous in my opinion...not a ton of flavor here although interesting concept. It absolutely is a "whirlwind" as the menu describes itCrunchy Tuna- most fish in the sushi but it wasnt spectacular by any means. This was the only roll left unfinished. American Flag Roll- didnt try but it heard it was bad...swimming in a weird sauce that covered every inch (literally) of the plate...just odd. I would go back and give it another try - but it's definitely not my favorite...
4	Ru San's is my old standby for sushi.  In fact after last night I just realized I haven't "yelped" this place yet.  With all the new fancy places (burgsushi? Owner performs song & dance?), nothing beats solid and affordable.  I honestly think Ru San's started the hip sushi movement in Charlotte.  My favorite thing here is the $1 menu.  And unlike other $1 menu sushi places, Ru San's has options.  Here are some of my regular items: Cajun Maki, Lomi Lomi Salmon, Rock & Roll ($1.50), Bay Shrimp Salad Maki, Spicy Aioli Scallop Maki, Seared Salmon Nigiri, Teriyaki Eggplant Maki... also the Tofu Yakitori is great, as well as Salmon Tempura.  I often walk out of here with a fully belly for under $10.  I personally avoid the lunch buffet but I know plenty of people swear by it.  No offense, I much rather enjoy my sushi that looks like sushi and not sushi shape rice falling apart creations.  No matter how cool other places people say they are, Ru San's always have a spot on my dining list.
4	I loved it! It was Saturday afternoon I just wanted takeout bit I ended up staying for the buffet. It was more then enough food for me. I sat at the bar and chowed down I was in sushi heaven! I enjoyed the yelling from the bar which I asked and it means thank you! It's not alert the hostess silly previous poster. The soda thing is annoying but too much isn't good for you anyways. I an definitely going back!
4	Haven't been here for dinner, but their lunch sushi buffet is very fun and very filling.  Sometimes it does get so busy that some of the sushi put out is gone in seconds, but you just have to time your trips to the bar accordingly - and also size up the competition on the other tables [nothing that a flying elbow to the face couldn't fix - j/k].With other sushi places opening up in Charlotte, it will be interesting to see how Ru San's stacks up against the newbies to the QC.
3	After multiple horror stories of having to postpone post-dinner plans and two hour waits for food, I stick to the lunch at Ru San's, and lately just the lunch buffet. I usually try to plan on meeting around 1:30, not as busy, better selection, and a lot of times better quality rolls. but, sometimes I end up at ru san's at noon  with everyone else. the rolls go fast, sometimes dishes stay empty for what seems like forever (last trip a friend just wanted some chicken and broccoli, it sat unreplenished for almost ten minutes - which is a long time during a lunch hour) and at peak times there are a lot of filler duplicates (a plate full of basic tuna rolls next to another plate full of basic tuna rolls covered in sriracha). but, I get to have my ginger salad, cucumber seaweed salad, a few hot entrees, some nigiri, and my pick of a decent variety of freshly made (and with the way people file through here I assume with relatively fresh ingredients) sushi for $10... even if they decide to smother, cover, and top half the plates with sauces. added bonus (only because of what i've seen at other sushi buffets in town) you can actually identify what's in your roll. no really random filler, and almost all the rolls have fish in them. they even put out a random goliath tempura battered one (you know, the kind that are a test to your sushi eating and mouth widening abilities)as for service at lunch, they almost always expect you to go to the buffet. the service has been fine when I don't get the buffet, but nothing spectacular. (and the rolls i've ordered off the menu have not disappointed) as far as keeping waters filled, they're usually on top of it. so go, enjoy mediocre sushi for cheap, and if you're lucky maybe a few people will start sake bombing. (it can be fairly entertaining here)
2	Ru San's you disappoint me. Really, really disappoint me. If you know anything about the tradition of sushi, this is the rebellious son of the traditional eats saying "screw you, dad, I'm going to play my loud music and go CRAZY. To hell with your tradition". Ru San's is loud, slow, and the plating/rolls are messy.My date and I waited a whole hour and a half before our food came. The waiter was really nice and continued to profusely apologize for the chef's terrible pace (and he comped us free salad too), but a good waiter can't make up for a bad place.They do have loads of veggie maki rolls, which is a plus. We ordered the cranberry roll, sweet potato roll, teriyaki zucchini roll, inari roll, and kimchi roll. The cranberry was messy and the kimchi was a bit... off but aside from that they were okay.Don't come here if you have somewhere to be after (I did and I ended up missing it). I'd just say "don't come here" in general, but seeing I have yet to find some place better in CLT to go, I guess if you have the time and enjoy loud atmospheres, here's the place for you.
4	This could have been a five star review if it was only relative to the food.  But I bumped it down just because of the no frills type place it is and the fact it can be extremely loud with all the sushi chefs constantly yelling or it's more like war cries but whatever.  I walked in there today and one of them started giving me a power clap style ovation....meh....my kind of guy so I obliged with my own clapping right back!  All in good fun :)Ok, so no other place in Charlotte does a sushi buffet like this joint.  If you are hungry you can't find a better deal, it's something like $10, for all you can eat.  You could easily spend that on just 2 rolls anywhere else.  The sushi here is kind of "Americanized" in my opinion.  I'm not complaining but seriously, just know that if you eat sushi that has been deep fried, um, that's not healthy.  They keep time labels on the sushi plates so as to make sure the sushi is the freshest it can be but normally the sushi runs out before the time does, so that should tell you something!  It's really good.  I will continue to keep Ru San's in my Ru-tation for great local sushi spots! :)Note: It can get crowded so I suggest getting there as close to 11:30 for lunch, otherwise you may have to wait (even though probably not long).
4	I became a fan of Ru San's YEARS ago when I used to go to another sushi joint.  I was pulled away by three things, the wonderful and lively atmosphere, the quality of the sushi and the price.  You just can't beat them on any of those.  If you prefer a quiet or intimate place, do not go here.  This place is all about energy-especially Friday and Saturday nights and during lunch buffet.  The lunch buffet is pretty darn good, but the menu is awesome from sushi-sashimi-tempura-etc. to the entrees.  I personally love the sashimi combos.
3	Having been here for the $10 lunch buffet and dinner the impression I got was it's just okay. There's so many reviews on this place already I'm not sure what to write about that hasn't been said before. The parking here is nice and large, which is good since it can get super crowded. Inside you might have to wait a while for a table on busy dinner nights, but lunch is pretty fast seating.The lunch buffet is satisfying and cheap. Since this is so close to where I work a lot of us end up here for a quick sushi fix. They seem to change around a few menu items every day for lunch so you won't be too bored if you come often.The dinner rush is a totally different atmosphere than the daytime. Walked in to booming music, chefs and waiters cheering on sake bombs, pounding on tables, and people trying to be loud enough to have a conversation at their tables. I guess I've gotten old because it wasn't very appealing to me, I prefer sushi in a more toned down environment. The rolls themselves were cheap and some flavor combinations turned out pretty good. There seems to be a lot of fried rolls drenched in mayo and sriracha though. The food seemed to come out in a timely manner even though the place was crowded that night, and we even got some free rolls and dessert!Well this place's sushi isn't the best but it's convenient for me and cheap. The service is friendly and fast so when I just need a quick bite I think I'll head to Ru San's, but for a nice night out I think I'll pass.
5	Best sushi experience in Charlotte....both in quality and in value.  I hate sushi joints who think that just because they are a sushi joint, they can charge $4 for a paper thin piece of sashimi.  Ru San's, on the other hand, will serve you two pieces of toro that are thick enough to throw on the grill, for half the cost.  Easily, the best cuts of fish this side of Japan...and I've eaten at sushi bars all over the US.  (HINT: sit at the bar, get served directly by the chef, and tip the chef after your first round of sashimi comes out...)Also, the lunch buffet is fantastic for a quick lunch...some people get squeemish when they think of raw fish on a buffet line, but honestly, this place stays so busy at lunch the buffet turns amazingly fast...they are putting out new plates every 10 minutes...and if you are lucky, you will time your trip to the buffet just perfectly when they are putting out a fresh tray of nigiri or sashimi, because those go fast! (NOTE: they don't do sashimi on the buffet everyday, and the pieces are thinner than they cut when you order off the menu when they do...but come on, its a buffet!  Take three slices, stick 'em together, and you got you a REAL piece of sashimi!)Service can get slow here during peak times, but it is worth the wait.  Enjoy some sake and chill out.  The menu is truely an amazing sight.  They literally have everything...if you've dreamed about it, chances are it's on the menu.For those that think this is the "Americanized" version of sushi; that is only because you don't order the traditional stuff off the menu.  They have plenty of stuff for the purist as well!  Their handrolls are authentic, and their sushi rice is prepared in the traditional way (i.e. high rice vinegar content, very sticky, etc.).  If you want traditional, stick with the nigiri, sashimi, etc.... all you have to do is ask!  FYI, authentic sushi means you are eating slices of fish, sashimi-style, over a bowl of rice.  No type of roll, other than handroll, is authentic, traditional sushi.  I can't be the first person to pose this question to the haters out there complaining that this isn't "authentic" sushi.  Why did you order the deep fried roll smothered in mayo and expect it to be "authentic"?  What part of the "Muy Buena" roll that you just Yelped about did you expect to be authenticly Japanese, I wonder? FYI: Don't order the deep fried, mayo covered roll (it clearly states what each roll is/consists of on the menu), then complain that it was deep fried and covered in mayo.  I can promise you a non-authentic experience if you do these things.
5	Rusan's is an old friend. No seriously, I used to go there 2+ times per week and I was the Norm of Cheers.  But a move put me further away from it so I'm not as regular as I once was.  While Rusan doesn't come by anymore, the owners Kim & Hata have grown the business through the expansion. It doesn't provide the same swanky ambiance as Enso, but you can go in your shorts. First, let me admit, I hate the lunchtime buffet. Everyone loves it and it's a great deal, but you're getting the mass produced generic rolls.  Plus it's super crowded. So I order off the menu for lunch.For dinner, however, they have a huge selection of rolls, but if you sit at the bar and befriend the chefs, the best sushi in town can be found by just asking the chefs to whip something up for you.  They come up with some amazing stuff. That doesn't help, Jules. OK, so some of my favorites off the regular or seasonal menus are the jalapeno Hamachi sashimi, the "martini" with macadamia encrusted variety of fish, the Tokyo rock & roll, broiled sea bass, the twice cooked salmon, and seared tuna (add green onion the old way).  I also like the tempura shrimp and sweet potato. Yum.  Rusan's is a place where membership has its rewards, so why don't you become a regular? It's the best sushi value in town. You can bank on it.
4	Went last Saturday night, the first time in a while.  There were 6 of us and we got a big table immediately.  The waitress was very attentive and I was very happy with my meal.  My only compl
4	my coworkers took me here and as a newbie to charlotte i really liked this place...the lunch buffet for 9.99 was pretty cheap and the sashimi selection was not bad at all...just be aware there is a buffet table near the front and another buffet table in the back area...for lunch time service it was really fast, i will definitely be back
5	I have been  going to Rusans for 6 years and have tried about every other sushi bar in town. Rusans is my favorite. I go for dinner with my wife on Friday nights around 9 pm. we can get a spot at the sushi bar and know all the chiefs. my favorite are spicy scallop hand rolls, torro hand rolls. all thte different special rolls and nigiri. they also have good Korean Kimchee, it goes well with sliced tuna or octopus. The prices are good the suhi chiefs are great and the owners are wonderfulThank you Hata and Kim!!
5	Hands down best sushi in Charlotte.Never had anything I didn't like here, fun atmosphere and the staff is very friendly. I recommend the japanese bagel roll tempura fried and the sake mojito.You will love it. Never been to the buffet though, go for dinner for fresh sushi.
4	Ru San's is holding its own - and offers something a little different from the other Charlotte sushi spots. What you'll get here is more focus on the sushi and less on the decorations in the room. Fresh, well prepared, and a fun staff.
2	The sushi and the Yakitori were both lacking. The tuna didn't taste fresh and the Yakitori was drowned in sauce to cover up its lack of flavor.  Are there any AUTHENTIC sushi places in this town if so please let me know
4	Big fan of Ru Sans. Always try to hit this place when in Downtown Charlotte.Fish is prepared well, huge menu, great prices.Not much more to say - I will go back again and again.
1	It blows me away how many times I hear people rave about this place but I am not a fan.  Not even a little bit.  Every time I have been there the sushi has been warm- GROSS.  I have crowned this place the most over-rated spot in Charlotte.
4	Sushi as good as anywhere - save for Sushi Yasuda in NYC.The high volume of product that moves through this place ensures freshness. The lunch buffet, no doubt, helps, too. (but I've never been for lunch) The seafood here is top quality. We've enjoyed fresh Sea Urchin, Squid, Conch & Sea Eel.BEST THING I'VE EVER EATEN HERE? Hamachi Kama, or grilled Yellow Tail cheek. If you LOVE salt water fish - try it!!! It's found in the appetizer section of their menu, is big enough to almost make a meal of... and for less than $8 - what a bargain!Sit at the bar if you'd like an amuse bouche of cucumber salad. And don't be afraid to ask the sushi chefs about what is freshest or especially good... they're nice guys. (Actually, many of the kitchen crew are Latinos {go figure!} and speak English.)Enjoy the yummy journey!
4	Ru Sans is sushi as good as anywhere - save for Sushi Yasuda in NYC.The seafood here is top quality. We've enjoyed fresh Sea Urchin, Squid, Conch & Sea Eel. The high volume of product that moves through this place ensures freshness. There's a daily lunch buffet, and no doubt it helps, too. (but I've never been.) They are DEEP FRY / TEMPURA masters at Ru Sans.  Try anything fried - it will be GREAT!Sit at the bar if you'd like an amuse bouche of cucumber salad.BEST THING I'VE EVER EATEN HERE? Hamachi Kama, or grilled Yellow Tail Cheek. If you LOVE salt water fish - try it!!! It's found in the appetizer section of their menu, is big enough to almost make a meal of... and for less than $8 - what a bargain! ***Cheek cuts are prized among fish mongers - who usually save for themselves.Don't be afraid to ask the sushi chefs about what is freshest or especially good... they're nice guys.Note: If the cooks make a ruckuss & "holla" when you walk in or when your leaving, it's a good thing... your either a nice looking lady or a good customer. Don't be offended - it's their thing to do here.THE WORST PART OF RU SANS is the service... it can be slow or spotty. This is the why they only get 4 stars. But, my wife & I are regulars & still get poor service sometimes - so don't take it personally.Enjoy the yumminess!
4	The food takes too long, but it's SO good.
3	Ditto Annie - decent sushi for a decent price.  Service is quick and the place is always jammed at lunch.  I love the unlimited buffet but could you please label the plates so I know what I am picking up?  I am not too picky but geez some of it you dont want to waste the stomach space on.  I will definitely be back but I will also keep an eye on your sanitation rating Ru Sans!  Dont let me down again!!
4	Never been for lunch, but dinner has always been awesome!! Be prepared for a wait to get seated but there is a space at the bar you can sit at that not a lot of people know about.  Ask for a saki bomb and have a great dinner!!
4	A co-worker of mine has been raving about Ru Sans for a YEAR and I just checked it out last night for dinner.  I'm Asian, and feel as though I can say this: finally, a sushi joint that reminds me of the ones I've been to on the West Coast.  Loud, not too expensive, full of fun sushi, noodles, yakitori...and other Asian people.  That's a good sign. The sushi is FUN.  The menu is huge, and usually I'm weary of enormous menus, but you can see how high-volume the restaurant is, and you can tell the sushi is fresh and constantly made. You'll get lots of deep fried rolls, and cream cheese laden ones, yes, but along with it, you'll find vegetarian rolls with nice accents like mint, or strawberry. Keep in mind, the sushi bar serves faster than the kitchen, so we got our sushi first, then our appetizers. The yakitori and tempura menu is cheap, and was just OK.  I didn't mind because it was only $1. The tempura didn't have enough panko crumbs, it was too batter laden and thick, but still I thought it was yummy.  (Think, Asian inspired bar food!) The yakitori didn't really have much grill taste...I don't think it was prepared on a robata, which is fine, but I don't think I'll order it again. The house salad was typical, but the ginger carrot dressing they use here, my favorite!  Sweet and tangy, creamy and fresh. Dessert was 50/50. The fried banana with caramel sauce and ice cream was delicious.  The wrapper, thicker than usual preparations, but gave the dish a nice crunch. The cream puffs, I'm pretty sure were one frozen from a box.  (I might have bought them at Costco at one point!) But again, if the people weren't so nice, the ambiance so boisterous (sushi artists yelling our in Japanese, or whistling) I may have given Ru Sans fewer stars.  But the service was good, the environment fun and casual, the sushi is cheap and yummy.  Can't wait to try the $10.10 lunch buffet!PS:  Has anybody gotten that roll on the menu (sorry forgot what it's called) where you can win a $10 gift card by finding a treasure inside it???
4	Great food and great prices. Friendly staff and always clean.
1	I have spent my past 3 visits here telling myself  "Meh, its just an off day". After my last trip, im just done. Done and done. Yea, at one point it was good but that was years ago(like, before they expanded). Now its crap food with crap service. On my last visit the waiter dropped sushi in my lap, when it was finally replaced it was awful and then we had to wait 25 minutes for the check(and no, it wasn't very busy).  Ru Sans i am so over you and i will have a hard time trusting food advice from anyone that isn't.
4	Hello, buffet (delicious) sushi! I frequent this place about once every 2 weeks or so. You can sit at a table (if available) or at the bar where you can watch the sushi being made in front of you. They have hot items, salads and desserts on one bar and all kinds of sushi rolls on another. They are constantly re-stocking the bars with fresh rolls and there is always a great variety. Best of all-because it's a buffet-it's super fast! I know I can get in and get out and get a good meal in the process.**As of November 1st they no longer allow buffet takeout... in case you were looking forward to doing so...**
4	Thrice have I now indulged in the wonderful lunch buffet that is Ru San's.  Each time I've gone, I have loved it more than the last.  For $9.99 at lunch time, you can eat as much of their tasty sushi as you like.  On the buffet, they usually have about 12 or so different types of maki rolls that you can eat.  On the other table, they have sushi, delicious fried calamari, stir-fry, desserts, and other little appetizers and salads, in case you get sick of just eating maki rolls.  They keep rotating out different kinds of rolls throughout the lunch period.  I was surprised on how many different types of rolls they put out.  Yes, it is pretty much always busy here at lunch time.  Yes, you have to buy individual cans or bottles of drinks (particularly soda and beer).  It can get pretty noisy with all the people, and sometimes it gets a little difficult to get into the buffet lines.  I can never figure out which direction you're supposed to go, which is mildly chaotic.  Even when they first open, there's often a line outside the door waiting to get in.  Sometimes, when it's really busy, you have to wait a few minutes before the servers come so you can pay your tab.  If you don't mind that, this place is delicious, fast, and pretty cheap for a sushi lunch.That being said, I've never been to dinner, so I can't speak as to that aspect.  At lunch time the servers basically just clear plates, which I've never had a problem with.
5	Great Sushi, always fresh and friendly.  Can get very packed on weekends.  Great rolls and dollar sushi.  Great place to take sushi lovers and sushi novices as there is so much to choose from.  The sushi chef Sam is my favorite.
1	Not sure if these other people are eating here with their eyes closed and no taste buds but this place is a disaster. Went here with the hubby (who shares my same sentiments) for the lunch buffet around 12:30. It was packed so we were excited thinking that since it was so popular it had to be good and after a short wait we headed toward the buffet. Most of the rolls were comprised of tuna and cream cheese. Not really a broad selection. Everything tasted the same or was pretty much the same roll with maybe a variation of cream cheese or avocado. Lots of imitation crab. It was just horrible. The other table looked gross, literally like not cleaned and never refilled. The soup was broth, nothing in it and it was cold. A side of eel sauce is a dollar which I've never heard of before. This was by far the WORST sushi buffet even buffet in general that I have ever been to and I will not go back...ever. The only plus was the service was great, that's it.
3	Ru San's tends to be our go-to for a last minute meal plan.  The quality of the sushi, while not the best in town, is always solid and doesn't kill your wallet.  I'm always a sucker for the Sinking Titanic Hidden Treasure roll because there is always the chance that the bowl may contain the token that represents a $10 gift card.  I've yet to ever discover the hidden treasure, but I keep on trying. Along with the $1 menu, the lunch buffet seems to be the draw for most people.  I've only tried the buffet here once and doubt that I'll rush back again.  The restaurant is not set up well for a smooth-flowing buffet line.  There seems to be a lot of confusion regarding the direction the line should move, and I grew frustrated with the people who could not even make it through a buffet line without stopping to text.  What is wrong with people?  I imagined them texting the friend right behind them since nobody actually has real conversation any more.  And then when these chronic texters take the last of the tuna tartare?!?  Seriously? If you can't navigate a buffet line like a pro, you don't deserve the tuna tartare.  So let it be written, so let it be done.  If you want sushi that is of consistent quality at a decent price, Ru San's is for you.  If you want a quiet date, it is not.  There is a lot of yelling.  Kind of like Moe's--but Japanese.
4	Yah for cheap sushi!  Every city needs a restaurant like Ru San's.  While the entrance-way looks sketch, looks can be deceiving.  This spacious restaurant offers everything Japanese your taste buds could possibly desire.  Ru San's drink list is also extensive and includes my beloved sake.The Japanese Bagel roll is my favorite.  Ask them to throw the roll in a fryer and you'd get a deep fried bagel roll!  The deep fried ice cream is also marvelous.  Maybe everything just taste better fried.
4	I am always a fan of some Ru San's. Unfortunately at least most of the time the service is horrible. There are 2 waiters that are just awful. They are slow, they never refill your glass...its just bad. The food on the other hand is great! I love their $1.50 sushi. It has a fun atmosphere and room for larger parties in the back. But if you do have a large party.. sometimes it may mean you'll be waiting for an hour for food. At least thats my experience with 2 birthday celebrations there. If the service was quicker I'd give this place five stars, but that poor service kills it.
1	First visit; came for lunch.  First thing I noticed was the strong scent of industrial cleaner masking fish odor.  I grabbed a plate for the buffet.  None of the items were labeled, so trying to find something I'd enjoy was complete guesswork.  After one bite of what I thought was a noodle turned out to be (I think) eel, I tossed the buffet and ordered some fried rice from the menu.  Wasn't inedible, but still burnt and greasy.I wanted to give more stars here because there wasn't anything seriously wrong with it, but I couldn't think of any two-star-worthy positives.
5	Had the fried shallot salmon roll, awesome! Very fair prices and a nice atmosphere. Can't go wrong.
4	I'm a regular at Rusan's (weekly-ish) . Great place to grab some good sushi in a banging loud place.  I don't do their lunch buffet, everything else is grrrrrreat.  I recommend Chirashi Bowl no tamago.
4	All you can eat sushi bar for lunch is the best one in Charlotte.  The fish is fresh, the miso is delicious, and the atmosphere is loud and overwhelming.Rusan's has been a staple in Charlotte for years, and it's easy to see why.  Walking into the place you're greeted with loud sushi chefs yelling at each other in Japanese a bustling crowd - a tell tale sign of fresh ingredients - and tons of fresh fish.One surprising gem to look out for is the art on the walls.  Really nice stylized modern work by Rusan - I'm assuming to be the owner of the joint.  Who knew the guy could not only put together a sweet sushi place, but slap some paint on a canvas??The best value they offer, as I mentioned earlier, is the lunch buffet.  For around $11 after tip you can bank on the fact that you'll be so full and groggy at 2:30pm, you'll have to leave the office or get a cup of coffee.  Don't forget to grab one of those bite sized pieces of cake at the end of the bar for dessert - really good!
3	This isn't the best sushi in Charlotte but it's pretty good. They also have a wide range of food for the non sushi lover. All in all the food is good and worth trying. The firecracker roll is probably my favorite roll here. If you're looking for something cooked but want to be adventurous try the Hamachi Kama. It's a grilled cheek of the hamachi served with a nice dipping sauce. Unfortunately the plumbing here tends to smell sometimes (at least I hope that's what it is). It's not a good combo when you're trying to enjoy raw fish. The food is good but for this reason I've knocked it down a star.
5	I go about once a week. The sushi is fantastic and you can't beat the lunch buffet price. Friday's at noon is a bad idea though. It's so crowded you can't get in the door and the food gets gobbled up almost as fast as they can put it out. They are usually pretty fast about getting more done though. So final word, avoid Friday lunch, but a must go for lunch any other day.
4	Very good sushi....on a buffet even! The selection was a bit limited during the lunch buffet but there was enough to keep my wife and I happy. There's no descriptions for the sushi just times it came out and when it should go back.Service was adequate given that it was a lunch buffet, parking was OK, it was a little crowded in the parking lot but we walked in and were seated quickly with drinks shortly thereafter.For good sushi fast, we'll certainly go back the next time we're in town.
5	This has to be hand's, feet, toes, and whatever other body part you want to use to describe how amazingly AWESOME this place is. I have been doing some major grindage at this establishment since 2004. I have always had an enjoyable experience and meal every time:)The saki is always a necessity and well with that comes the beer! This is a place that even the "I don't like sushi" type can go to and not complain that there is nothing on the menu to eat. Very nice non-sushi selection.For the sushi lovers and the courageous foodies........NOM NOM's galore. The selection and price are just to "YAY" about and for the times you are so sushi craved the all you can or care to eat lunch buffet ($10.10) is the OMG. I can sit from 11:30am-2:30pm and never eat the same piece twice or thrice unless I want to. They keep the rolls a flowing and change the types every time a new plate goes out. Also get a whole hot bar section as well with calamari, chicken wings, salads, soup, Chinese selections, and dessert. Great for the intimate date, party group, or even the solo diner. You are always welcomed with a yell by the whole crew:)Love the NOMMMA-CHAN!!!:d
4	Look at the many many comments posted, this place is great, Ive been coming to this place for years, affordable and always a pleasant experience
4	Ru San's was hubby and I's favorite sushi spot in town for a long time (until Cowfish ousted the Ru).  Great, fresh, and you can find a lot of unusual stuff on the menu.  Tons of food for a great value.  We like to order weird stuff (I find it's easier to eat something unfamiliar if you aren't exactly sure what it is), so their big plate thingies (forget what they are called) are great for that.  Just a bunch of delicious weird stuff piled onto a huge plate.  Done.  Love the atmosphere here, too - everyone is very friendly and upbeat.  Delicious rolls too!  Final verdict:  one of the better places around to get sushi for a reasonable price.  Plus weird stuff!
5	I can't believe I haven't written about the greatness of this place yet!I love sushi, I remember a time when I thought raw fish was the worst thing on earth but now I embrace it and can't get enough.  I have been here for a normal meal and the sushi is always fresh and very reasonable.  But you MUST go for the lunch buffet!Here's the deal:  Everyday at lunch from 11am to 2pm I think there is an ALL YOU CAN EAT sushi buffet.  They are making it fresh all the time and keep bringing out plates and plates of it for you to devour.  Also included is a small buffet of hot asian foods like egg rolls, lo mein, fried rice, calamari and some other items.  There's also dessert.  All this for....$10!  I know what you're thinking, the sushi has to be bad, the fish is old, I'm gonna get sick!  But no, it's fresh, and delicious and many times on Saturday afternoon after a rough Friday night I've found myself there with my husband eating WAY too much and heading home for a nap.Try it out, I doubt you will be disappointed!
3	You've gotta love cheap sushi. Even if it isn't the best you've ever had, you cant argue with $1 for 4 rolls. Just like pizza, it's all good, baby. Ru Sans is definitely worth a visit if you're new to the Queen City or visiting some friends. Don't expect to be blown away, but its great social food. If you're coming with a big group of loud and fun people that love to socialize, you're in for a treat. Ru Sans is awesome for a night out. Do a couple of sake bombs (if you're into that) or just watch all of the bankers do them. HILARIOUS.Two words: LUNCH BUFFET. If you haven't had time to experience it, you're missing out. Again, not the most mind-blowing sushi you've ever had, but the array of choices and other non-sushi items is worth the coin. Service is kind of meh. Lackadaisical at best and certainly not super attentive to things like, oh say.....drinks? You might go thirst for a couple minutes, but fear not. The atmosphere can get a little bit tight at times. You'll be squeezing in between chairs and tables to make it back to your seat. Also, the bathrooms are tucked behind the kitchen in a long hallway. Pretty cool, if you ask me. Kind of feels like you're part of the kitchen for a hot minute. Love the art on the walls. Not sure who the artist is, but they are awesome and intriguing. Definitely worth a try if you've never made it out. Take a bunch of friends, grab a cocktail or do a couple sake bombs and enjoy the semi-glorious sushi. Cheers, Ru Sans. You're doing what you do rather well.
4	As a starving artist I am dedicating this review to the Ru San's lunch buffet!  I will often skip dinner, and breakfast in preparation for this glorious buffet.  For around $10 you can FILL UP on all you can eat sushi rolls.  You also have the option to have hot food, salad and soup.  I often arrive right at 11:30 opening to miss the line that forms at the door.  The line moves fast and I take it as a positive sign that I am not the only one obsessed with a sushi lunch buffet.  The selection of sushi is good if you like small, more common rolls.  If you are looking for the fancy "American" sushi then you will need to order off the menu.  How can we convince them to carry this buffet through dinner?  I would be there every night!
5	Buffet is excellent at lunch!
5	Ru San's gets 5 stars for 3 outstanding reasons in the world of sushi restaurants:1. AFFORDABLE! You can order a ton of food and still not go broke. Sushi as cheap as $1 and $2!2. QUALITY!  I've been here countless times and  I've never ever had a bad meal. Everything is top notch and high quality. Sushi bar reinforces this: you see all the sushi chefs preparing rolls in plain sight.3. VEGETARIAN SUSHI!!! Yep, that's right. Ru San's has a huge menu, but my favorite part is the big vegetarian section. Big list to choose from, anything from fried cream cheese maki rolls to tamago egg maki rolls to kimchi cabbage maki rolls. And basically most vegetables you can think of, all prepared in a perfect little roll... heaven! This is such a relief from most sushi restaurants who have ONE vegetarian sushi option (which is usually way overpriced). Most of the veg options are between $2 and $3... awesome! I really love the Eggplant Sesame Yaki. I usually order this as an appetizer and reserve the leftover sauce as a dip for some of my maki rolls. This dish has cubes of eggplant, seared perfectly, tender inside, light crisp outside. The wow factor here though is the sauce, it's a thick, peanut butter like sauce, tart and sweet and nutty, with sesame seeds.  You've gotta try this! If you have room for dessert, make sure you order some Tempura Ice Cream. This is basically a block of vanilla ice cream, covered in sweet tempura batter and deep fried. Then drizzled with a strawberry (and sometimes chocolate ) sauce. I'm not sure how they keep the ice cream from totally melting, but this dessert will make your day... heck, it'll make your week. Hands down my favorite dessert of all time.Cocktails? Order the Lady Killer... kiwi juice and sake. mmm!Kudos for being open a little later than most places.
4	Ru San's has a very interesting atmosphere. Note that it is VERY LOUD. Last time I was here, I saw some customers giving dirty looks to the sushi chefs yelling random Japanese phrases. They also whistle when a pretty girl walks by lol That's part of the experience so just a heads up :) Needless to say, Ru San's is very casual.They have an amazing deal for lunch. They offer a sushi buffet where the chefs basically make whatever rolls they please and they are brought out to the buffet table. There's a good variety, along with sashimi, tempura, salad with ginger dressing, fried rice, dessert, etc. It's only $10! I normally get it to-go because they give you 2 containers to fill for the same price! That works better for me since I don't eat much if I sit down for the buffet. Plus, I'll have some for later! :DDinner prices are very reasonable. I wouldn't recommend getting sushi for dinner though. The prices are very affordable, but you basically get what you paid for. I do recommend ANY of their Udon dishes. I've tried some of the Udon soups and they were delicious. I really liked the Nabeyaki Udon. They are called "Big Bowl Udon Soups" for a reason! The bowl is huge and will blow you away when it arrives (comes in a clay bowl)! The Spicy Yakiudon Udon, which is stir fry noodles with spicy garlic sauce, is also amazing! I choose mussels as my protein and it was delightful (you can also choose chicken, beef, scallops, shrimp or vegetarian)! Not only is the portion huge, it was less than $10 (the soup dishes too)!OH, I almost forgot.. DESSERT! The Tempura ice cream is delicious!!! Fried ice cream.. yummm!It's also a plus that they open later than most restaurants. Late-night hunger for the win! :)
3	For what Ru San's is--a cheap place to get decent sushi--it excels. It offers a very happy medium between fancy (and pricey) sushi with impeccable presentations and the stale and often sketchy "to-go" sushi you find in grocery stores. Here you can find quick service and tasty rolls that won't break the bank. Against all odds, the menu ordered by price (e.g., $1+, $1.5+, $2+) is not only convenient but are of much higher quality that you would expect. As not a huge fan of fish, I was rather excited to see a very palatable and extensive veggie section. It is nice to have options beyond "the veggie roll" and indeed the Veggie Futo Maki legitimately rocked my world.I will say that the lunch buffet--even at the ridiculously price of like $10 for all you can eat sushi, fried noodles, chicken wings, miso soup, and some other classics--was somewhat of a let down. The rolls are mostly rice, often fried, and contain cream cheese. While all of these are a few of my favorite things (along with whiskers on kittens and raindrops on roses), it makes the meal a bit too heavy for having sushi. Plus, there were no veggie options. Overall the buffet does not do Ru San's justice, so I recommend ordering from the menu.Finally, it can be a bit cold in there, at least during the summers. Do consider bringing a light sweater.
4	Great Food and even better prices... though the service can be slow
2	Everyone has been telling me for weeks that since we now live in SouthEnd, we need to walk down to Ru San's.  We did... and likely won't very often.We strongly prefer the normal size sushi and aren't fans of paying for a more expensive roll only to find out that it has more rice than the other rolls.  If a piece of sushi takes more than a bite, I'm not as big on it.  I like a roll to encapsulate all the flavors, not to get a little of this and a little of that in two bites.  That being said, wasn't a fan of the 'Dancing Eel'.  Service was definitely sub par and the place is crazy noisy.  We plan to go back another time and will try the outdoor seating.  Also, the protein bomb looks great as it's hard to screw up nagiri.  The Cowboy was okay and the dumplngs were average dumplings.  With better service, extract the noise, and ordering different things, there is still a chance for good food here.  I'm a firm believer in 2nd and 3rd chances.  Check out the photos for what we ate!
1	overall lousy.food is just okay. atmosphere is cheesy. loud and dirty.  very surprised I didnt get food poisoning.  Ive been recommended this place by several people for three plus years Ive lived in Charlotte and I won't be taking recommendations from any of those people ever again.  $6- upcharge to add avocado to two rolls that didnt have it..wouldnt mind it if the rolls were good.  No variety in their rolls. Boring selections.  Most of them contain carrots.  ?  plum wine was off.  Too loud.  looks like a damn diner...a bad diner (and I grew up in South Jersey). I truly want to understand the fascination with this place.  Maybe its because Im 40 and too old to appreciate??  I live for sushi.  I could eat it every day if I had the $. ..check out the wet menus, the wet floor, the stickiness of the tables....stickiness of the floor, the awful stench, the cheasy "buffet table" with inappropriate sneeze guards..the filthy bathrooms, and look at the floor (doorway to the kitchen/dish area ) as you walk towards the bathroom. lol. Germ freaks stay away.  probably okay for a post-drinking meal.. the same way we did fries and shakes back in the day when you were 17-25.  Not for a nice night out.
4	Great sushi buffet for lunch.  Usually very crowded.
4	Visited Ru San's for the first time on Friday evening.  I called ahead to set up a table for 8 people.  We had fantastic service from Eric.  We ordered the yakitori as an appetizer:  Conch, Sea Bass, Mushrooms.  The yakitori was covered in too much sauce and didn't taste grilled like the kind we ate in Japan.  Next, we ordered the Super Protein Sushi Platter to split.  It was a great value and delicious.  The Saketinis were tasty, but not very strong.  I enjoyed my experience there and look forward to visiting again.
2	This place feels like a diner that serves sushi.  Which is a really cool vibe, don't get me wrong.  The simple, cheap tables and decor probably just let them keep the prices rock bottom (which they are).  The quality of the lunch buffet fits this analogy perfectly too.  It is like Going to Old Country Buffet and shelling out ten bucks to have all the mediocre but incredibly varietous sushi you would like.  The spread really is incredible. From the sushi to the side dishes to the desserts (which are pretty crummy), I often find myself wandering aimlessly from table to table processing a fierce internal argument about what should-or shouldnt-go on my plate.  This is probably why I made it back to home base with a gigantic mound of sushi and rice.Not to say Rusan'sis bad or good, it's a unique, $10 sushi experience.  Lots of variety, little flavor, and a unique atmosphere (for a sushi place).  It's also a zoo around lunch time, so they must be doing something right.  I only give this place two stars but I have been twice and would certainly go again if someone invited me.  It's just not that good compared to all the other sushi options I have experienced in Charlotte.  In this case at least, you get what you pay for.  So go ahead and grab as much of it as you can.
4	The look/atmosphere is nothing to write home about.  But if you want to go somewhere that you can get full on sushi for $10-$15, this is your place.  The lunch buffet is the best.  All you can eat sushi buffet for approximately $10.  They have 20ish different types of sushi on the bar and they are so good.  My only complaint is that they aren't labeled, so you don't really know what you're eating.  When you go for dinner, they have a huge sushi menu with several rolls under $5.
5	This place is wonderful! If u want some delicious sushi that's also an art palate to the eye this is the place. Oh yeah the fried ice cream is the best!
5	Loud, lively and wonderful.  The best sushi in Charlotte!
4	Ru San's is where I go when I'm in the mood for sushi but don't feel like spending a ton of money. The atmosphere is pretty casual but  doesn't forsake the clubby music you hear in most modern sushi places. There's lots of affordable maki, including specialty maki - the Hidden Treasure is intensely amazing. They have some maki offerings that are only 3 pieces, in case you just want a little taste of something. Super cheap tempura and yakitori as well. The tempura ice cream is heavenly. I'm a big sake fan, and Ru San's has hot plum sake which I haven't seen often. If you're in the mood for a hot entree, they also have a large selection of noodles, rice and seafood selections.
1	I've been to Ru San's many times, but lately they've gone down hill. Friday night was the last straw.Ordered two appetizers (Calamari & Tuna Tartare), 1 Rock & Roll (Unagi & Avocado),  and three Yakiudons (two spicy and one very stringently requested with no peppers or spices). Calamari comes out. It's delicious. Yakiudon comes out piping hot, but all spicy. One gets sent back to be corrected and comes back lukewarm. It was obviously rinsed off under cold water. Notice I didn't say the tuna tartare appetizer came out. It finally came out 20 minutes after our main course. The entire time, one of my friends sat there picking at cold calamari because we couldn't get a waiter to take his dish back and actually fix it.When the tuna tartare arrives, it's great, but we let our hungry friend eat most of it. The  incorrect dish was never fixed, but was removed from the bill.Speaking of the bill, my sushi arrived with it. Seriously, my Rock & Roll came sitting on top of the tray with the check and an ink pen rolling around beside. At a sushi bar, sushi was basically an afterthought. The food was good as always (except for the uncorrected mistakes) and I'm used to the crowds and the noise. The service however has really started leaving something to be desired. It will probably be a long time before I go back and I hope they can fix it. It's not like when RuSan's arrived in Charlotte... there are other (better) places to get sushi now.
3	loudsushi is pretty good but they dont have shrimp sauce...they have this mayo stuff that is not like shrimp saucethey are always out of the cake which kinda sucks bc it is goodhot food is pretty good ....idk what the fuss is over this place though....Fuse in University is 100x better
2	Ru Sans has gone downhill, very fast. This used to be a very fun place to get Sushi or go with a group and have some drinks and a good time. While the latter still may be fun, the sushi quality has plummeted.We ordered the Pearl Harbor, which is a deep fried shrimp tempura entree. It was very disgusting and bathed in a very MSG heavy sauce. Did not like.Additionally, the server set us in the back near the bathrooms and kitchen. What this led to was us seeing how dirty the kitchen actually is, along with seeing the waiters congregate and eat people's unfinished dishes in the back. Gross.Won't be coming back and it is a shame that Ru Sans has fallen to this level. On the plus side, the sake selection is still very good and the lychee sake is excellent.
4	I love this place.  The lunch buffet is amazing (especially considering it's less than $11 per person). They have a good variety of different rolls and Chinese food on the lunch buffet.  For the dinner menu they also have extensive options, and a specials sheet that changes seasonally (which is really nice).  While the dinner menu is obviously pricier than the lunch menu it is still reasonable.  I recommend trying this place out, if for nothing else, for the lunch buffet!
2	I really don't want to write this. This restaurant used to be on our regular rotation. That is why it is so disappointing that it has gone down hill. Yesterday I was there for the lunch buffet - which is the trademark of this place - and it about made me sick. The issue is the 'tongs' that are used to pick up your sushi from the buffet table - they are gross ! Now, I understand all buffets suffer from this issue to some extent but what was happening yesterday was a whole new level. With each new tray of sushi being brought out the staff simply took the tong from the old plate and put it on the new plate. Also - and this was the worst of it - they laid it on top of the new plate of sushi. Now, if this was one server and one plate - I wouldn't be writing this - but this was consistent throughout the 45 minutes I was there during the lunch hour. By the end the tongs were visibly filthy. I mean - sauces and rice and whatever being transferred from the old plate to the new and the servers just took it in stride. I mentioned this rather loudly to the other patrons at the buffet table and 2 others held up their tongs with a disgusting look on their face.It was gross.....and unacceptable.....
4	Felt like sushi, but wasn't dressed up enough for one of the swanky joints. This place was perfect. We ordered 5 vegetarian rolls and paid around $17. i thoroughly enjoyed all of them except for the peanut roll. The peanut roll was really just peanuts in a roll. i thought maybe it would have some peanuts with something else, but no, just peanuts. Everything else was delicious: avocado, teriyaki zucchini, coconut tofu, and something else. i do put a little Sriracha sauce on everything, so maybe i just like the taste of that and could eat just about anything. Either way, i thought it was very good, very affordable, and plan to go back.
4	The best deal in Rusans is their $10 buffet! I tried it and its completely worth it :)Their sushi is good! i personally prefer their tempura rolls and my favorite Kiss of fire roll. The only con about this place is that its not good for big groups. They always run into issues whenever we are more than 6 people on accomodating us. Also the ambience is too loud.. I do enjoy it but sometimes it gets annoying.Overall iits a good place to eat!
4	Amazing sushi!  Only complaint was on one visit they brought my miso soup out after my rolls... it's typically a starter, so I'm thinking the waiter forgot about it.
5	Delishhh.  Great lunch prices.  OMG roll and Grinch roll are amazing.  (Get Sushi A - great meal).
4	I am going to preface this by admitting, I have never been to Ru San's for anything but the Saturday $10 lunch buffet.  That being said, it's one good buffet! The sushi is pretty good for buffet and the other food on the buffet is pretty good, too. I am not going to say it's the best sushi I ever had, because obviously, at $10-- why would it be?  But it's is one heck of a deal for pretty good all-you-can-eat sushi that doesn't make you sick afterward.
3	This is my family favorite place to go to. So you know what I'm going to say next. We go here all the time. However, I really dislike their services. I can't remember a single time I come here and receive exceptional customer service. One time, we had a group of 7 girls. They seated us toward the back. Didn't see our waiter for like 15 mins. When he greeted us, he never asked us if we wanted anything to drinks. Just ask if we know what we want to order. My family can consume large amount of sushi. Believe me... So we order a lot. After he drop off our orders. He never came back to fill our water, check up on us or even clear out some of the dirty, empty plates. When we finally said something to him about it, he said well why did you get seated toward the back. They tend to forget about the back tables. My jaw drop and I had to pick it up from the floor. Well no tips for you mister.... They do have great sushi. It's a lively, loud and fun place on the weekend. Sushi are priced nicely. I never had a bad sushi roll there and they have plenty to pick from. I love their fried ice cream. I get it every time. I tell people about their sushi buffet all the time. But I alway mention, don't alway except great customer service because they definitely lack that there. I will go and have been back to RuSan. However, I just wish they step up their customer services. I know it get a bit crazy and crowded. But a little attention will go far and could've score more stars from peeps like me.
4	I am not a buffet girl and yes of course I have tried Ru San's lunch buffet it's a great deal but I still have no desire to go back for the buffet.  However I think Ru San's still has some of the best deals out there for sushi, and the sushi is good and fresh. 5 pieces of Sashimi for $7 and these are not skimpy that is an awesome price.  For someone who likes to indulge in sushi a couple of times a week this place is great!  You can also get Nigiri pieces from $1 to $2 a piece.  This place is busy and stays busy for a reason it is great for groups if you can get a table.
5	I love ru san's.Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. I know that they have a lunch buffet that they have during the week and saturday for just $10. I have never had it because I'm allergic to shellfish and vegetarian, but my friends seem to love it. The cream cheese tempura roll and it is to die for.
4	I'm a huge fan of sushi period.  But I'm even more of a fan of sushi that's fresh, flavorful, and CHEAP!  I know it sounds crazy, but the $5.95 Philly Roll was mind-blowing.  Ha-ha.  Definitely, try it.  The nigri was delicious and while it may sound insane, they have the best miso soup I've ever had-in my life.  A simple thing, but so good for the soul.  :)  I would say that anyone who hasn't been-must go....like NOW.  What are you waiting for?
3	If your looking for a great deal on sushi this is the place. There lunch buffet comes with an okay selection of sushi along with noodles, fried calamari, meso soup, and ginger salad. It's a value you just cant find any where else.The staff is extremely friendly but dont expect to be seated until your entire party has arrived. This is understandable as the place is basically filled from the time they open at 11:30am until lunch ends at 2:30. We did some Saki bombs and our waitress was kind enough to bring over some napkins just in case they were needed. Our waters were always full and plates cleared quickly.Don't expect too much in terms of quality and selection if your going to their buffet. But its still a good value for what you pay. If you are picky about sushi, order what you like off their normal menu and you'll be happier. Their normal prices are very reasonable.
1	Ru San's staff sexually harassed my wife.  My wife went to the restroom which is very close to the kitchen and as she walked past several members of the kitchen and wait staff yelled sexual innuendos at her while whistling and making lewd gestures.  This happened both as she went into the restroom and came out of it.  After hearing what happened I had her point out the member of staff that did this as she was visibly upset and pretty shaken up.  I confronted him as he passed by and asked him if he said the things she accused him of.  To my surprise he said he did and that he didn't think it was a big deal.  We had not been seated yet and if you've been to Ru San's you know that people just sort of hang out by the front waiting, which is where we were.  At this point we were both very uncomfortable as other members of the staff were smiling and making it known they thought the situation was funny.  I asked to see a manager even though we were absolutely not going to eat here at this point.  I explained to the manager what happened but I was very surprised to hear his response.  He explained to me that his staff regularly treats women like this and  while he apologizes we were offended it was "just the way it is".  We had been to this restaurant before and had no problems so this came as a shock to my wife and I. I asked him if he thought it was ok to yell sexually explicit comments at female customers and he replied that he did because it was all in good fun.  Keep in mind other customers could surely hear the things said to my wife coming in and out of the restroom.  If you are ok with patronizing an establishment that thinks it's ok to sexually harass female customers then Ru San's is your place but for the rest of us I can say I will never go there again.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! It is SO good and definitely has the best buffet around, and I typically don't care for buffets.
3	Ok, I will give this place an honest 3.5 Yet I keep coming back even though I tell myself I wouldn't. Why? because when you get those sushi cravings, there is no other place in Charlotte, or let alone many parts of the US that is like this. Maybe in New York or like San Francisco...but definitely not in Charlotte. The LUNCH BUFFET that everyone else is raving about is the only thing I have tried. You have a good amount of sushi roll selections, raw, fried, vegetarian and sashimi!! I think the sashimi section is what makes it worth it, 4 plates, usually 2 tuna and 2 salmon. They used to just put out raw sashimi slices around a certain time but the past few times I've been, they stopped doing that (the sashimi is stuck to a a rice roll). That was a huuuge bummer. But oh well, I still come back. Their miso soup is terrible, too pasty and not flavorful at all, no tofu or seaweed it in just the soup. Their lo-mein is also really bad, drenched in sesame oil, which is VERY heavy. I LOOVE their fried rice though, it's quite fluffy mixed with diced carrots and peas. Their calamari is also pretty good. Also to be fair, I have heard a good amount of sanitation problem with this place, but I think since their last incident a good 5 years or so back, they have really tried to step it up. Never heard about sexual harrassement but I wouldn't be surprised. Try to get here early for the lunch buffet otherwise you would have to wait and it is a PAIN!
4	Lunch Buffet was a great deal! Kind of a college/ trendy atmosphere with lots of energy. Service was good and we were welll atended to. Buffet tables were well stocked with large selection and new rolls I had never tried before.Recommend... for lunch, but reserving opinion for dinnertime
5	This place is great although can get pretty loud after 8pm. The food is great and it is the best sushi I have had in Charlotte.
3	The menu is completely ridiculous. I've included the link to the menu below. It's a big menu and is completely overwhelming. Since I eat sushi, I was surprised that it was overwhelming to me. For someone new to Sushi, it will be a lot.http://www.allmenus.com/nc/charlotte/41903-ru-sans/menu/Aside from the menu, the sushi is great and the prices are reasonable. I had TEMPURA JAPANESE BAGEL MAKI and tempura battered scallops and sweet potatoes. It was all very good and wonderful. The service was poor at best. We waited a long time for our drinks, our orders to be taken, our food to come, our dessert, our check. It was a lot of waiting going on so if you're in a hurry, this isn't the place to go. I would have given it four stars because the food really was good but the service was terrible.I'd go back only for carryout. Maybe I'd even try the buffet lunch.
4	The lunch buffet is what it's all about at Ru San's, although they do offer a regular dinner service that's also good. Said buffet can be crowded, so be prepared to put your patience to the test as people forget how lines work. That's certainly not the fault of Ru San's, though. Things move pretty fast in this place and the attentive servers keep the buffet fully stocked with fresh platters.This isn't traditional sushi and sashimi, but I love their creative approach. It tastes good and there's a fair amount of variety. If you have little to no experience with sushi, here's your introduction. My personal favorites are anything involving eel, asparagus, avocado, or tuna.Try the cucumber salad and the fried calamari, if you go to the buffet.
2	People have been telling me how great this place is forever so the hubs and I decided to go try it out.  I am not a huge sushi eater but my significant other is a lover of all things from the sea.  I got the spicy chicken roll, the sweet potato maki and the kimchi maki.  The spicy chicken roll tasted very fishy, much more fishy than my eating partners tuna roll.  I was not impressed.  We also waited over 30 minutes for our food while our dumpling appetizer appeared in a little over a minute.  I still love some other places for Sushi in Charlotte much better. I will say the atmosphere and music was top notch though.
5	Why can I say, 11 dollars and I can eat unlimited Samon Sashimi. It s one of the best and reasonable restaurant I ve ever been to. I personally like Sashimi, so it s the right place for me and those of you who enjoy Sashimi to go. The other dishes? Hmm, not so good... but for this price and this quality of food, I ll give it full points.
5	Amazing place! We go here once a week. Huge menu. Great prices. The staff is very friendly. We are constantly taking new people with us. This is by far our favorite sushi restaurant in Charlotte.
5	My go to spot for sushi at any time. Working off Park road I try to visit the lunch buffet at least once a week. Girlfriend lives 2 streets away in Dilworth so I head here with her for dinner.Their regular standard issue sushi is just average. They make up for it in having the best tempura rolls around.On top of all that? It's cheap!
1	Where to begin. Came in tonight with a party of 4 (Tuesday) and they were on a wait which is totally fine because that means good business. Host asked us to wait about 25 minutes so we caught a drink at the bar. Bartender was really nice guy ( brown hair larger gauges). We were sat and waited for about 8 minutes for our server to arrive. Her first words she barked at us were 'you alright?'. We ordered drinks, a couple minutes later she brought empty glasses and no drinks. Drinks were finally brought and she said 'you ready?'. I stated we'd like to start with appetizers. The two dishes we ordered she talked us out of because they would take too much time according to her (we were in no rush and never tried to give that notion). Ordered the Caribbean breeze  (conch dish) and the golden eye. Terrrrrrrible. Oil soaked hot lamp dried spinach with a couple pieces of pencil eraser, chewy, conch. The rolls we ordered came after. I have a hard time paying $9.00 for a roll that had a 1/4" piece of shrimp and asparagus in it and 2" of tempura flakes. Ordered the sesame crusted tuna dish and the tuna was totally cooked (not described as such in the menu). I'm exhausting myself complaining at this point. I've served and/or bartended for the past 11 years (I hate that I even feel the need to use that as leverage about this restaurants review but I feel it's important)  I also worked for an imperial Japanese sushi chef for 2 years ( let me state that doesn't make me think all sushi restaurants are going to be of the same caliber). The whole place just really needs to focus on their food and service skills. Don't treat customers as if their are an inconvenience, and don't serve slop and call it food.
3	I enjoyed all the food! The angry spider was a-mazing! Here visiting family and it was all smiles! Service was slow but it allowed me and my family to bond more.
5	My favorite place to eat in Charlotte! Love the sushi and experience. There is a LARGE menu with something for everyone. It is a busy place, so if you go on the weekend you just have to be patient it is well worth any 30 minute wait as stated in previous reviews. I have been going here for 10 years and have never had a bad roll. My favorite is the sesame tuna roll. Every server I have had has been very nice!
4	I like Ru Sans. It's good if you're craving sushi and you want something quick and easy. The vibe in there is very casual. The food is good, but it's far from fancy. They have a good selection of rolls and the prices are reasonable. The waitstaff is also quite good.The lunch buffet is craaaazy. It's a great value, but it's unlike any sushi buffet I've ever been too. It's pure chaos. But they have a lot of sushi and non-sushi options. If you're willing to put up with the chaos, it's a great deal. I tried the ramen there and although it tasted good, it wasn't authentic ramen. If you're used to ramen in NY, SF or DC, don't order it here. But it's not a bad soup. I like it here if I want something quick and easy. I'm not blown away, but it's pretty good. Ideally I'd give it 3.5 stars, but I tend to round up. 4 it is.
5	I love this place! I try to go at least once a week. It's fast, convenient, and a great price for the amount of sushi you can get. My most favorite part is the staff, they basically know me and my husband pretty well as much as we visit, from the sushi chiefs to the servers. I do have to say the best servers there are Kristina, Daniel, Jenny, and Kim if you go definitely ask for those sections first! They are full of great conversation and they know what you need without you having to ask. Great food and even greater staff, can't ask for more!
4	Craving sushi? This is the place to go! The menu is insane and they have other food options as well!
4	You had me at sushi. I'm a big fan of the squishy, rolly treat and tend to venture out quite often to pick up my chopsticks. The sushi is fresh, flavorful and rather cheap. I actually come by here more than other sushi places simply for the firecracker roll - I have yet to find one that beats it in Charlotte. At Ru Sans, it's huge and the ahi tuna middle is always cooked perfectly... nice and rare as it should be. It may sound like a crazy detail but one of the best things about Ru Sans is how tight they wrap their rolls. I've never had ingredients come dropping out, leaving me fumbling in my soy sauce to fish out and pieces and trying to rewrap it myself. Oh and two words for you: lunch buffet. Take an afternoon and do yourself a favor. The buffet is extensive with one 12 foot table decked out in all sushi. Head toward the back and you find another 12 foot table with soup, salad, duck wings, desserts and anything else they decide to put out. Only downside is the sushi isn't labeled so if you love a roll, good luck finding out what it is. But silver lining to that, the chefs tend to make whatever they want for the buffet, and are constantly making sushi all throughout lunch, so on each trip, you have something new and fresh waiting for you. The atmosphere is lively. The sushi is cheap. Definitely check it out, especially if you're new to the QC.
4	Went for lunch and really enjoyed my experience.  My waiter was a little too perky which made for interesting interactions with him.  I wouldn't say this is high quality sushi, but dinner here might go in that direction.  For lunch I got the buffet and for the price I paid the quality, selection, and taste was well worth the cost.
4	My absolute favorite place for sushi belly!  That feeling you get when you've eaten way too much sushi, but you feel so happy about it!  Normally I have a strict rule about eating sushi off a buffet.  Ru San's alleviates some of these concerns by  kindly placing placards stating how long each dish has been out.  They get pretty slammed for lunch, so plan on being there early.  This probably isn't the place to meet friends when you only have an hour lunch.  All in all, it's a great little place, and I always leave pretty dang happy!
1	Mediocre food.  Terrible service.  Way too overpriced.  I got the wild wild spider roll.  It was served with what looked like fried corn flakes???  Weird.  Our waiter was Pascual.  My husband never got the sushi he ordered and our server never checked back with us after dropping off the food.  His loss because we would have ordered another round of drinks and we tend to overtip.  It wasn't busy.  I wait tables and am completely understanding when a server is busy but this was not the case.  This was our second time and last time to Ru Sans.  Very disappointing.
4	If you're in for sushi that is not super high dollar or pretentious, go to Rusan's. The rolls are affordable (as opposed to other sushi restaurants that can charge up to $22 for a roll!!) and delicious. The sushi tastes fresh is of decent portions and some of the rolls are really fun. My favorite is the Rising Sun Maki. If you're new to sushi you can start out with maki rolls that include chicken or just try tempura fried items or salads.The service here is usually good but every now and then it will be pretty busy and will have you waiting a little bit longer than you would like. They also offer a lunch buffet but I've only been to it twice. There is something about eating sushi off a buffet that doesn't sit well with me. I would much rather go for dinner and order my rolls to order ensuring the most freshness.If you're down for a relaxed atmosphere with a tasty, affordable sushi selection, Rusan's is your best bet in the CLT.
2	This review is for the all you can eat sushi lunch.While the sushi was continually stocked, there were not labels as to ingredients (there was a lot of I think that looks like tuna conversations going on). On top of that, there weren't designated serving utensils for each different roll; an issue that irked me because of contamination or folks with food allergies (and irked my friend who is allergic to gluten even more). The sushi wasn't bad, in fact, I was surprised at the size and quality for an all you can eat situation (I expected the quality to be of a much lower caliber). However, the sushi wasn't great either; I was disappointed that I didn't quite know what I was eating (because it wasn't properly labeled); there were far too many tempura flakes; and several rolls had this sticky, sweet (in my opinion, not tasty) barbecue type sauce on top.I left Ru San's full (an expected all-you-can-eat and sushi combination) but I'm not sure if I would go back when there are so many other sushi places in Charlotte with, in my opinion, better sushi.Read the full review here: http://offtheeatenpathblog.com/2013/08/26/ru-sans/
1	This place used to be the best in town for lunch by far. I've had lunch there dozens of times this year so far, but I will not be going back. Each of my last 3 visits have been bad experiences. 3 visits ago the service was atrocious to the point where I got up and walked to the open kitchen area to get a napkin for myself after waiting 20 minutes for a server to respond. On that visit the buffet was nearly devoid of food the entire time I was there. This most recent time, today, the entire buffet was all very spicy sushi covered in salsa or some other red sauce; there was no plain normal non-spicy rolls. What's sushi without a California roll?? I ended up leaving hungry and stopping for a sandwich on my way back to work. Three in a row means I won't be going back.
1	Maybe in Charlotte it's worth paying a bit more for decent sushi. I ordered a few Maki- nothing fancy, very simple: should be a slam dunk to get right. Not the case: the Umi was too much, it tasted like taking a bite into a chunk of salt and the Salmon roll was full of wasabi- every piece I bit into brought me closer to tears as my sinuses felt the burn. I absolutely could not taste or enjoy the fish. Bringing me to my final roll, the Yellowtail. All I could taste was rice. Not sure if this was due to my burned taste buds from the Umi and Salmon, or just because their fish is no good. I don't plan to return and find out.
4	Lots of different kind of foods to choose from. The sashimi here is pretty good, the price for everything is very affordable. The negative side to this place is the food takes forever!!!!!!!!!!!! Not fault of the servers, they were very nice and attentive. Bottom line: Good food, good choices, great prices but expect to wait a long time to get it.
3	When trekking out of the NoDa area for a initial potentially romantic encounter to the Dilworth area, Ru San's is the spot for inexpensive sushi in a fun atmosphere.  The special rolls are always interesting and usually tasty for the safe and daring  sushi eater alike.  I had the seven samurai last night that tested my chopstick dexterity with a sticky rice wrap, but it was satisfying when I finally got it into my grill.They have some beer (guh, Budweiser) specials that weren't bad, but I stick with wine by the bottle.  A LITTLE lofty on the pricing that way, but it is standard for restaurant mark up.Note: fun atmosphere can quickly translate into "am I old, or is it loud in here?!" when someone does a saki bomb and the chefs all bang on the stainless steel counters.All in all, an old stand by for a cheap sushi first date.
4	I'll preface with the fact that I am not a sushi connoisseur but I love Ru San's lunch buffet. It provides me the opportunity to try a variety of sushi along with other buffet items like the soup, salads, calamari, and deserts. The fact that the place is full every time I go there (for lunch) is an indicator that they have something going that is good. Price is right and selection is awesome. Now, I will agree with one review below that expresses some frustration with the lack of labels. Most of the time, I don't know what I'm eating but when it is so good it doesn't really matter. Ru San's doesn't contribute to my sushi 101 learning so when I travel for work and want sushi I can't carry over my Ru San experience into the more sophisticated sushi places. I'm still a fish out of water when ordering sushi (pun intended).Go have lunch at Ru San's. It's fun with a group of four or more (of course, I guess that depends on the four).
4	Great for a lunch, cheap for sushi, fresh, quick, easy. I have been here more than once. Recommend to try it out
3	I'm rarely in the mood for sushi, but the BF is so we stop by here every few months. With that said, on my very first visit, I was very pleased to see that they had a little section of vegetarian rolls for $2.95 each. My favorites are the spinach, kimchi, & tempura cream cheese rolls. Ru San's surprisingly has some of the best kimchi I have tasted, besides my mom's of course. It's even better than all of the Korean restaurants I've tried (I haven't tried many.. maybe 5 within the last 3 years?). The kimchi is very sour, just the way it should be!When I don't want sushi, I just get some steamed veggie dumplings.. yum! I think each order comes with 8 but that's not enough for me so 2 orders it is! The veggie udon noodles are pretty good, but can be very oily. Agedashi tofu is ok.. it's just soft tofu in a tempura batter.. I hate soft tofu.. Also tried the mushroom yakitori.. good 'shrooms, but the sauce is sickeningly sweet! Blech. The fried ice cream is very good, although I don't like the artificial strawberry sauce they sometimes use to decorate it.Service can be pretty erratic.. definitely hit or miss, which is why I knocked off a star. I also don't like that sodas are served in cans.. seriously just invest in a soda fountain. Very loud environment, great place for a group of people to hang out but not somewhere I would like to go to regularly.
5	So I went to last night and thought I should try something different, I asked my server, Kristina, what was a good appetizer and she suggested the hot wok tiger shrimp. When the plate came I could already tell it was spicy just by the view, I took a bite and it was heaven! The shrimp was juicy, the sauce was spicy, and the onions and avocado gave it a fresh clean taste. I loved it! If you like spicy shrimp this is definitely worth a try! SN: I love the atmosphere and servers there, definitely one of my favorite places in Charlotte!
2	The lighting is way too bright and our waitress wasn't amazing.  The Cowboy Maki roll is delicious, i suggest pairing it with ponzu sauce.  The steak roll is not good at all.  I love that they have mochi too.
1	Terrible experience. Walked in with my family and upon being seated was informed that my sister with a severe food allergy couldn't bring her own food in a small box. Upon explaining the allergy, the hostess said in a rude manner it was against "health code" (FYI... There is no law against bringing food to a restaurant unless you sell the food brought).We left. I refuse to support an establishment that is unwelcoming to willingly paying customers. No food could ever be worth such a negative experience.
5	Cool place ! Enjoyed sushi! Definitely coming back !
3	Apparently everyone knows about Ru Sans and their Sushi Lunch Buffet. For less than $12, it unlimited visits to the buffet with a pretty decent selection of rolls and hot food. And really...can you beat that for sushi?!?!?Is it the best sushi I've ever had? Nope. Was the service stellar? Nope. But I love sushi. And for what they offer, the variety and the price, I'm sure to be back again and again. I also want to give their regular menu items a try and see if I can find a new favorite roll!For now, just three stars...but it was my first visit!  I'll keep you guys posted on once I become a regular!
5	Love their sushi selection! Always fresh and delicious too...always ordering too much and stuffing myself. Have a great selection of non-sushi items as well. The ambiance is great. Order a saki-bomb and see what happens! The place comes alive!
5	Probably our favorite place in Charlotte for sushi.  Can get crowded at times but that adds to the fun of this place.The buffet is good and is convenient if you are in a hurry.  Sushi is a little better when ordering off the menu but more expensive too. Soft drinks come in a can so there are no refills.If you come with kids be sure to ask for complimentary Pocky sticks (chocolate dipped Japanese sticks) before you leave.
5	My daughter and I found this place shortly after moving to Charlotte almost 3 years ago and it has been our go-to spot ever since.  We've been coming pretty much once a week and never grow tired of it.  For the price, the sushi is great.  We can pig out here for $30 and when we order an equivalent meal at a different sushi place end up spending $60.  The Firecracker Roll is my favorite, but I also like to sample around the menu and try to get something new every time I go.  I also love the crab cake and grilled teriyaki ball.  Their miso soup has such good flavor and they use noodles rather than tofu.  This is my daughter's favorite restaurant in Charlotte.  When I asked her how many stars to give, she said 5 stars because the food is so good.  When a 9-year-old says a place is a 5-star place then you know it's good, right?
4	Such a unique spot! I've been coming to this restaurant for YEARS and I am always happy when I leave.. Through out the years, occasionally the service can be hit or miss, recently I waited 30 minutes for lunch only to realize the hostess had marked off our names from the waiting list without ever even calling out our names to be seated? but our waitress Kristina made up for it with her excellent service and the lunch buffet was ON POINT! No matter if you come here for lunch or dinner, the food never disappoints and they have a decent beer selection!
3	I love sushi.This is a very popular sushi place in town - always packed. They do a buffet that people love. I am not really into getting up and getting my own food, but the price is a very good value if you like quantity. The good thing about it is that its so busy, nothing sits very long on the buffet line - so that means things are fresher than you might expect from a buffet style meal.I didn't love it, but I didn't hate it either. We took a huge group and did the buffet and I remember thinking for the price, it was a good bargain.Nothing fancy, but you won't leave hungry.
4	Ru San's is always bustling around lunch time with their reasonable week day lunch time sushi buffet.  One of our group members, we had 4 for lunch that day, did not think she could eat $12.00 worth of sushi, but of course we all ate our weight in Sushi and had a great time.  Staff is always prompt with requests and the sushi come out in regular intervals.  There is very few times I have been there that we needed to wait on salmon or tuna sashimi or any of the other rolls!Give it a try......but bring your vcal cords....always busy and loud and not a good place to hold a conversation or work meeting.
1	Horrible food! Horrible service. Nothing more to say...DO NOT EAT HERE!!!!
4	I love this place! A hidden gem. The Sushi is excellent and at a great price. I prefer it to most Sushi places in Charlotte. If you enjoy quality Sushi, give Ru Sans a try.In fact, maybe I'll go there tonight!
5	Fantastic good, great service, and the only place in the Charlotte area I know of to get some real ramen! I definitely suggest the sushi as well, not overpriced to hell like other places are.
4	These guys are experts, they know their Sushi and do it well. Always a line for lunch and Dinner but it moves fairly fast as they just pump out meal after meal. Never a big rush, everyone is friendly and this is an Icon for Sushi in Charlotte. Try the 7 Samurai roll and enjoy Sake or Wine both at reasonable prices.
2	The price is reasonable for sushi, and the menu has a an unparalleled amount of variety. It's a fun environment and the staff interacts well with the patrons.My problem is the food. It's just such a poor quality of product. The fish, while fresh enough, has some of the lowest quality of cuts I have ever experienced. Fatty in a bad way, gristle, and poorly sliced.For example: the dynamite yaki has large pieces of octopi in the bake. Super chewy to the point of being difficult to eat. The baked tuna was an off putting gray color, and the salmon well over cooked.Agadashi (sp?) tofu is fried and the coating resembles funnel cake batter. The "healthy" seeming nature and intricate flavor of the dish is completely lost on the preparation.I had several pieces of sashimi that were thickly cut, sinewy, and dry/old.I won't be back.
4	I'm a fan of Ru San's but tell me what there is an extra charge on my bill now.  Check your receipt large party or not you'll have a sur charge.  We had a party of 5 and each of us had a sur charge. Even take out has a Sur charge!
4	This place is fantastic.  The sushi is fresh and the folks are so nice.  If you go, you really have to try the twice cooked smoked salmon Maki- It was FABULOUS.  My fiance always get the cowboy Maki.  The miso soup is wonderful and they always have specials.  The only reason it's not a 5 star is because they close from 230-430p and sometimes that's the perfect lunch time (not a crowd) but the place is so good, my fiance and I waited for an 1/2 hour until they re-opened.  Love this place!
1	Waiter tells me they don't do that Birthday ice cream anymore and at  the end of my meal I hear on the other side someone being sung happy birthday. The "Grilled Mochi" just comes out of a box that you can get for the same price and double the amount at any Asian market. The Tempura Ice cream was really the only thing I enjoyed while there.
5	Excellent menu, almost overwhelming in it's selection.  The atmosphere is busy and friendly, not quiet, in a attractive setting with a full bar.  My son and I went on Saturday night, around nine and had to wait about half an hour, helped along with $2.50 beers on the nice patio they have.  On the advice of another helper, we ordered the wok-fried tiger shrimp appetizer plus a couple of orders of yakitori.  The shrimp was amazing, spicy with cool slices of avocado and little rice cups to scoop it all up.  The yakitori was nothing special and too sweet for my taste.  We ordered a LARGE variety of sushi and maki - the angry spider roll stood out - fried soft shell crab with avocado and topped with spicy crab (krab?).  All of the sushi ($1-$2 ea) was fantastic and comes by the piece which is nice for a larger variety.  They also have half makis for about $2-$3 for 3 pieces.  The smoked salmon sushi stood out.  We also had a roll made with fried oysters and spinach which was amazing and a sweet scallop with chili roll which was great.  Our server was great and very attentive.  This is a special place, bill for everything was $47 - wow.  The only suggestion I would have is to supply diners with paper and pencil to organize your order before the server takes it.  My son wrote our order out on his phone and the waiter copied it from the phone.  Highly recommend this restaurant.
3	Went today for the sushi buffet and while the food was decent enough for a buffet setting I was not a fan of a few things:- the sushi rolls were not labeled- tongs were not available for each plate causing people to use the same tong for multiple plates- the sushi side of the buffet was kind of a mess when it came to forming a lineI will give it to them, the food was fresh and rotated very often. Each time I went up to the sushi table there was a fresh plate for several of the rolls.My boyfriend isn't a fan of sushi so he sampled the hot food ... it was pleasant enough but it lacked variety. Overall we had a good time, but I don't think we will add this into the rotation until we sample more places to see what's out there.
5	I've been meaning to leave a review for Ru Sans for the longest time and I have finally come to it. I've been going to Ru Sans for as long as I can remember it is one of THE BEST places in the Queen City to get sushi. The rolls are amazing and that is what I go for the sashimi is good too and is always very fresh but I found another place called Yama's that has more exotic sashimi and for eating sushi as long as I have I would have to say the more "experienced" sushi people that want some exotic sashimi, notice how I am saying sashimi, should go there. Their rolls are good too but Ru Sans rolls are better. Most of their rolls are very and I mean very flavorful the sauces they use are amazing and the service is very friendly. A lot of times you can catch the owner working alongside the employees and that's pretty cool. He is very friendly as well and hooks us up due to our frequency of visits. If all you're interested in is rolls or you're a beginner to sushi come to Ru Sans because they are definitely worth trying.
1	Holy-fucking-awful-fuck.
3	OK sushi, nothing special We can not stand the bleach/old rag smell inside
1	I have no idea why this place is so famous. I eat sushi almost every week, but this place has the worst quality of sushi. I had to pick off every piece of sushi. Also, crispy sushi was too greasy. Please eat good quality of sushi for your health.
5	Best place for sushi in town, especially vegetarian sushi. They staff is always friendly and knowledgeable about the amazingly large menu The service for the sushi the last couple of times has been slower than when we first started coming but it was back to it's old speed tonight. I would give it a 4.5 only because of that minor inconsistency. The food certainly deserves a whole hearted 5-Stars.Try the tempura cream cheese maki for a subtly sweet offering that pairs well with a sushi meal.
2	Stopped in at 11:45 am on a Tuesday. One person . Empty restaurant. Asked for a booth or table and was told I could only get seating at the bar because the lunch rush was coming. I said I didn't want to sit at the bar. Even though it was empty I was told that was the only seating available for solo patrons. So I left.
4	I have been to this place many times and have enjoyed it!  Hadn't been back in a few years due to two bad experiences many years ago.  It made my boyfriend not want to go again so I had to go with girlfriends!!  LOL  Ended up trying it with him again last weekend!  Finally!  Great time!!  They had changed some stuff on the menu but that was ok since it is so big!!!  Took off one thing I really liked but that's ok since there is tons to choose from.  I ended up trying two new things that were recommended by the bartender and our server Justin!  Very happy with the teryaki eggplant maki and the tempura spinach maki.  And the cold saki was yummy!  Can't wait to go back!
5	I live in San Diego, CA now but I miss Ru San's in Charlotte! Whenever I visit Charlotte I always stop by Ru San's at least once for lunch or dinner. Service has always been awesome, food tasty and amazing and the prices are reasonable.
3	I'm updating to say this place has improved in both service and food quality.  And the value is there when compared to other sushi places in the city.
5	Great sushi I haven't try the sushi bar but the sushi rolls are delicious. Some many kinds of sushi with a touch of originality.  No complaints at all in so many years that I been going there.
5	Best Sushi place in Charlotte hands down!! The decor is a bit simple but they more than make it up with the amazing and diverse sushi rolls and friendly energetic staff. I have such a great time when I go there it has become a staple for "date night" with the hubs!
3	I have always liked ru sans, but they messed a few things up last time I went. Of the 5 things we ordered, 3 of them had notable quality problems. Nice people and a fun place to be in Charlotte, but I get a sense that quality is starting to go down.
5	Went to Ru San's with my family, for my daughter's birthday.  We couldn't have been happier, with the service and the food.  It was outstanding!  I had the PowerBuilder Sushi plate and it was just incredible.
2	Came here for the lunch buffet. now granted, I know that the quality is most likely a lot different than the dinner plates (i hope). If I wasn't so hungry, I would have walked out after the first plate. Everything tasted mushy and all the same. Little to no flavor and nothing was labelled, so you had no idea what you were eating, even though all the rolls tasted about the same. There were some tempura items, but again, with the batter, you had no idea what is was since there were no labels. Only labels said: "Out at 11am, Take away by 3pm". Eww, let's hope it hasn't been sitting out since 11! Some tasted old, some tasted fresher. Nothing tasted especially good at all. I will never waste another dollar on the buffet here, but might give them a chance on dinner ala carte sushi. I hear good things about the sushi here, but I just did not get anything good. I wouldn't rate anything I got over a 4-5, on a scale of 1-10. Wish I had just skipped this place. $11 for that buffet food was a rip-off. As far as the service, I had a server ask me if I wanted something to drink when I got there, then I had to chase someone down to get a check. I had to ask 2 other servers, and still nobody came. Finally, I got lucky and saw mine walk by. Blows my mind how this place can be so popular and busy. Let's hope dinner is better. I am definitely not a food snob, and I can appreciate good food in a crappy hole in the wall spot, as long as the food tastes good. Im not even scared of sanitation scores. But the buffet food here was virtually inedible.
4	Why was I a Ru San's virgin for so long?  I stopped in with a friend the other night for a quick bite.  It was packed for a Monday night so I thought that was a good sign.  I immediately noticed their outdoor/covered patio and quite a few fellow patrons were enjoying the cool summer night. We were seated quickly and I'm glad I had my friend, a Ru San's regular, to help navigate through the enormous menu.  We just wanted a lite bite so started with the always standard house salad/ginger dressing.  It was good.  We ordered the "Grinch" and  the "America re-rising" roll.  Both of them were well done, presentation was excellent and they were very fresh.  They had some great sushi options...something for all levels of sushi eaters.  Veggie options, cooked options, fried options, a variety of fish, etc.  They were excellent.The service was a little slow..or I think our waiter forgot about us at one point, but it was fine.  We weren't in a hurry.   There were plenty of other yummy options to try so I will for sure be back!!
4	Overall, Ru San's is an enjoyable place for sushi.  The prices are moderately low, the sushi is good, the menu selection is vast, and the atmosphere is lively.  Their only flaw is the service, which has been consistently poor, at least from my experience.  Either way, I think Ru San's is worth visiting.
5	Great place for Sushi. Great ambiance though can get a bit noisy at times. The buffet is incredible.
5	If you're looking for a fun atmosphere paired with awesome Japanese food then you can't go wrong with Ru San. I have been coming to Ru San's since I moved to Charlotte about 7 years ago. Sushi, awesome service, sake-bombs, hip environment... yeah it's hard not to like this place.
5	Best lunch deal in Charlotte and a nice spot to go with friends or a date for dinner too. Highly recommend. Great sushi at reasonable prices.
4	Now that I'm living just down the street, I've started stopping into this place. Made my way over last Friday evening w/ my daughter for a quick bite. The place was packed but we got a seat right away at the bar. Huge selection of sushi. Friendly staff. I tried the Chipotle roll. Nice little kick and very tasty. Wasn't as big of a fan of the Rich and Famous roll. My daughter enjoyed her veggie rolls too. It's a little loud in there especially when the chefs start banging their knives on the counter. Not sure what that's about but it was interesting none the less. Glad this place is so close, I'll be back for sure.
4	I go here several times a month when I'm craving sushi. It is always great and the prices are awesome too!
5	Lunch hour Mon-Fri is ALWAYS busy! So be prepared to wait..... Of course the wait is well worth it. Took my sister here for all you can eat sushi. Food was amazing of course. Everything was fresh and made to perfection. Our waitress was very sweet even though she was busy running around.... Left a nice tip of course.
4	Delicious sushi with great prices. It's fun when someone does a saki-bomb...the whole bar and staff get in on that!
4	A great restaurant with excellent and friendly service. I have enjoyed several trips here, but just noticed an item on the menu that will make this my last visit. I find the "Pearl Harbor Shrimp Bomb Sushi" to be a little unsetteling. I do not believe that an incident which cost the lives of thousands of Americans should be used in thus way at a Japanese restaurant. Shame on you Ru Sans.
4	I love me Ru Sans.  Its like crazy hibatchi meets sushi.  People are yelling and things are just a blast.  Also, their menu is pretty big which is actually a good thing for once.  The appetizers are decent here especially the mussels.  The sashimi is good and oh did I mention they have a mofoin $1.50 menu?!  You get 3-4 pieces of sushi for a 6 quarters.  As with this, you might think the sushi is trash.  No, actually the sushi is better than some more expensive places in the area. The drink selection is great and for the price you just can beat Ru Sans.
4	I really enjoy Ru San's for experimenting with different types of sushi because their menu is great for that. Its rare that I find something on the menu I don't like, and you can totally customize your experience. The cost is really good for the amount and quality of food. HOWEVER...I would suggest avoiding the lunch buffet. I would give that one star. I was really excited to try it because I've had good meals there before, but it was really sad. The sushi rolls on the buffet are the most common, most American rolls, and have very little fish in them. Really not worth the $10. Feels more like you're paying $10 for rice and cream cheese rolled together. Also, it was a zoo in there when I went. So crowded, bad food, and unpleasant.
3	There is a negative. This is overall a nice establishment....they try.  But I did not like the Ramen noodles here at all. They were not anything like Japanese Ramen noodles. I've never had random veggies like zucchini and bell pepper in Japanese Ramen noodles before. I'll keep waiting for authentic in Charlotte.
4	Best all-you-can-eat sushi buffet in Charlotte... Period... Great selection, decent price... Be sure to go for dinner and order off the EXTENSIVE menu.... Seriously, be willing to spend a little time considering ALL the choices and ask your server for suggestions.. You will love it
5	I LOVE sushi, I love it so much I try it wherever I can, so though an expert I am not, I do know a bit about sushi. Ru San has the best buffet sushi I have ever had. I am not into all sushi, I love my salmons, tunas, love the ones with roe, love mostly uncooked and mostly die for rolls, your spider rolls, dragon rolls, spicy tuna rolls and so on. I tried every thing they had out on the buffet island and went back three times. I would have gone many more but I didn't want my date to think he can't take me out... There wasn't a thing there that I didn't absolutely enjoy. I definitely highly recommend!!!
5	Best sushi I've had in years. Fresh, tons of choices, reasonably priced. We had two rolls, calamari and a side of shrimp tempura for $30 minus tip. Service was prompt and pleasant. Our waitress gave me the check which was funny; took it as a sign it's my turn to buy dinner so I did. The two rolls we had were beauts. Next time, we're getting three rolls and no app. No wait at dinner time. Perfect way to start 2015!
4	The food is amazing! The service could be better. Overall, it's worth it! Get the gladiator roll!
1	We didn't order the sushi because my wife is pregnant. I ordered the Nabe Udon which had all the ingredients and was served boiling hot, but it was too salty to eat. Even the noodles got brown from the amount of soy sause they put in it. The Don Kasu dinner was crispy but the batter didn't stick to the meat. The server said she would tell the manager who never came by, but we did get some dirty looks from the workers and nothing was said or done for us. Don't order udon or donkasu if you know what those dishes are suppose to taste like.
4	Great buffet.  Amazing to be honest for $11.09. I bought my first beer as a 16 year old here back in 1998 before the bastards at ALE busted these fine folks. Great for parties and birthdays to those of drinking age. Sake bomb races are epic here. Just stick to the main menu. Had explosive diarrhea from here more than once by ordering oddball stuff off the extensive menu. Too much on the menu to keep it all fresh I guess.
