3	We rented two rooms, one with a king bed and one with two doubles. The room with the King was fantastic, while the room with the doubles had a heater that wouldn't stop blowing cold air and was a stinkbug graveyard. We asked and promptly received a different room. This one was cleaner but still had heater issues. The front desk was very helpful providing  local restaurant recommendations and giving change for larger bills. The continental breakfast (free with room) was one of the most plentiful spreads I've had in a hotel. We'd stay again, but we'll be sure to call ahead and make sure the front desk checks the rooms have been cleaned first.
1	Disappointed. Pool uncleaned. AC loud. Hot water in bathroom sink made loud rumbling sound when turned on. Dirty. This hotel is on its last legs. I would discourage anyone from staying.
1	It looks like they are thinking of giving this place a facelift but it needed one a decade ago.  Sad to say, the other reviews are mostly correct, and the pictures are consistent with my experience. Booked through hotels.com, which gave this place 3 stars, I will be sure to leave some feedback with them.
1	This place is falling apart. I have never stayed in a worse hotel than this and  I have stayed in many over the years in all price ranges. They appear to have begun renovations but abandoned the effort midway through. I asked one of the employees how long the hotel has been "under comstruction" and she said a long time and sort of shrugged as if to say there's not much hope of real improvement anytime soon.  Clarion should be embarrassed to have its name associated with this place. When I arrived I thought the hotel was abandoned and they had moved but not updated the address online. I thought there was no way in hell this place was operational. Since I already had a reservation, I followed the signs to the back and checked in in a temporary office that had apparently been a hotel room. Even that room was cluttered and gross and unprofessional looking. I would have left except it was late and I was exhausted. I got my room key and proceeded down hallways with stained carpets, an empty pizza box, busted doors and missing ceiling tiles. The room turned out to be ok except the furniture was very rickety and unstable. I thought the desk might break when I put my backpack on it. The room seemed clean, but the carpeting was coming up from the floor around the edges of the room. Also, the TV came in fuzzy.The courtyard was absulutely littered with cigarette butts -- way more than could have accumulated in a few days or weeks or probably even months. The door handle to get back inside is held together with duct tape.There is a free breakfast but there was no coffee. They told me there was no water in the kitchen to make any. Hmmmm. Are they washing their hands? Washing the serving trays?   I can't say enough bad things about this place to truly give you an accurate picture. The photos someone else posted are just a small representation of the awful conditions here. Believe me, the other reviewer did not have to look hard to find those things he photographed. My room was $74, which is good for the area but completely overpriced for a place in such horrible condition. I'm sorry I booked a room here.
