5	Went here last week with a few friends... the food was GREAT! We started off with beautiful salads (beet and field greens), which were very tasty. We got the halibut, scallops, and mushroom risotto for our main meals, and everyone loved it all. We also got the s'mores and carrot cake desserts, very good, but we agreed it was the least impressive part of the meal. The service was exceptional. Our waiter, Donovan, was very helpful and funny! I recommend going here as soon as possible-  we can't wait to go back!!
5	Delicious, fresh food, great service and comfortable environment.  I was a little bit worried about where we would park but it turned out that parking couldn't have been easier.  I want to go to Steenbock's again on my next trip to Madison.
3	This review is for lunch service. I went with 3 companions for a work-related lunch on a friday, a little on the late side. We had no problem getting a table. Service was prompt, and struck a good balance between friendly and unobtrusive. Atmosphere was okay. I didn't love the THREE televisions I could see from my table, which kind of killed the fine dining feeling. Still, I think the biggest attraction of this place is probably the setting. The ground floor of the WID is really really cool to walk around, like a swanky science mall.The menu wasn't particularly innovative or interesting... mostly sandwiches and burgers with a few more serious entrees thrown in. I ordered a burger with blue cheese, bacon, and caramelized onions, and appreciated that I could choose salad instead of fries on the side. Sadly, it came out looking somewhat unappetizing. The patty was too small for the bun, and the toppings seemed to have been somehow amalgamated into indistinct sauciness. That said, it was pretty tasty, and I would probably order it again. My only objections in terms of taste were that the caramelized onions were overdone and overly acidic for my taste, and that my "medium" burger was MUCH closer to rare. Other people's sandwiches looked pretty unremarkable. Someone in my party ordered soup, asked for bread on the side, and was told that they didn't have bread, only toast points. Hmm. Everyone else at the table had a sandwich served on a bread product of one kind or another, and you can't bring my friend some bread?
1	It's bad when you bond with the table beside you over how bad the experience is...We started with a 3 block walk through ice & snow. When we finally arrived, we were seated next to the only other table that was occupied. We waited 10 minutes for wine, placed our order, and waited 30 minutes for our first course (while watching others who arrived after us eat). We received our bread after the first course, and upon asking for more were told the kitchen didn't have enough. Portions sizes when the food finally made it out were small (we understand restaurant week is a taste, but appreciate restaurants that still fill us up). Food was average at best, though it was tough to tell  in two bites. Our server apologized for every dish served, blaming a ticket mix-up for the delays.  While she comped our wine, we would sooner have had more bread since we left hungry.Ironically, we bumped into our neighbor table at the union... ordering pizza. Immediately after a $100+ dinner. Sad, but true. We won't be back, and my guess is neither will they.
1	This is a review of Steenbock's customer service; sadly, I can't review their food as our "reservation" apparently didn't exist, and I'm a "fool."In brief, my wife called and made a reservation two weeks ago for her birthday - a day that stays the same each year.  We cut short our holiday to make the reservation time, but after arrival we were faced with closed doors, an empty restaurant, and an ill-mannered manager.  The manager rudely told us that: a) the restaurant was closed; b) they had no record of our reservation; and c) that there was no conceivable way someone in his employ would take a reservation on the date that we had requested.  Our disappointment over missing a birthday meal together was compounded by the indelicate, abrasive, and downright rude manner of the manager. Mistakes happen, but if the level of "service" we received is indicative of the culture of the restaurant I have no intention of dining with them in the future.
5	This is an update on my earlier [scathing] review of the service provided by Steenbock's.  Turns out, we must have hit the front of house staff on a *really* bad day: after I wrote my review, my partner was contacted about the mix-up and the situation was sorted.  We shared a lovely dinner at the restaurant tonight.The service was attentive, but not overwhelming; the food was creative, delicious, and lovingly presented.  From the amuse-bouche, to the desserts we were thoroughly impressed.  We opted for the chef's four course tasting menu (I had tuna-risotto-cod-carrot cake; my partner had oysters-lobster-scallops-chocolate), with the favorites being the miso cod on my menu, and the lobster on my partner's.   The miso cod had an intense earthy-savoury tang that was nicely balanced by the smooth, moist, and nicely flakey cod.  I'm not a lobster-person, but my partner demolished it in short order with conversation grinding to a halt as she ate.  Perhaps the only disappointment was the espresso - though, other than a few places in Madison (Bradbury's, The Victory) it's tough to get a solid espresso, and after the perfectly spicy-sweet-airy carrot cake I wasn't too fussed.  I think it certain we'll go back - and we're both very glad that we didn't write-off the restaurant after our first experience.
5	I knew things were off to a good start days before my dinner. On a (tipsy) whim, I emailed the chef and asked if he could set up a tasting menu with pairings for us. Within 30 minutes I got a yes. Fast forward to Saturday. We arrive and are taken back to the dining room: gorgeous, modern and very inviting. The server walked us through our 7 course menu and the pairings and made sure we didn't want to switch anything out. I'll spare you the details of every dish, but most of the tasting came from the current dinner menu in tasting sized portions. Almost every dish was plated with great attention to detail and some were quite playful - beet salad w/ hazelnut soil was gorgeous and mimicked beets growing out of the ground.  As expected, service was attentive and professional. Swapping out silverware between courses would have been nice, but everything else was flawless. This was easily one of the best meals I've had in Madison and a great value as well. Our 7 courses plus (generous) wine pairings ran $100 a head. Considering this place is on par with the other fine dining in Madison, that's a steal. I was bummed to see the restaurant so empty on a Saturday (us and one other table). Yeah, the location is odd (in the Wisconsin Institutes for Discovery) but that shouldn't discourage you from going. The parking sitch is weird: you can try to find a street spot or park in a University ramp.  Just remember to give your server your parking ticket and they'll take care of it.
5	I forgot who said a restaurant is only as good as its people. Perhaps nobody said that and I can claim it? Regardless, in Madison, Michael Pruett is the most unsung apron wearing, slicing, dicing, sauteing, dude in a kitchen, which makes it easy for me to say the following: Steenbock's is the most overlooked restaurant in the 608. Bold statement time: If you haven't eaten at Steenbock's you're missing out on what might be one of the strongest dining experiences you'll have in Madison. The interior is far warmer than another well known fine dining establishment in town, which sets the scene for an incredible culinary adventure. The service is spot on! SPOT FRIGGIN' ON. So much so that if a server misses a beat, a GM or AGM is quick to swap out a fork, refill a glass, or bring by a new napkin that's fallen on the floor. Now don't get me wrong, I'm not for all the pomp and circumstance. Just put good food in front of me and I'll be ok. BUT if you're going to build a reputation for solid service, deliver. And these guys do. (Something else I can't say about other fine dining experiences I've had in town). When it comes to the food. It's remarkable. Full of flavor, artfully plated and portioned in a way that you can easily savor every bite without feeling like you're over doing it. True that some entrees are pricey as compared to most places in town, but split some small plates with friends, or just simply make Steenbocks a once a quarter place as I've done and splurge after a few months of hard work. You owe it to yourself! My biggest grip about the place... nobody is ever there when I am. Why? If I'm being completely honest, it's in the worst location maybe second to Naples15 which is in a basement. Here's the deal, you can't really see it from the road, the parking situation is abysmal, and I fear that because it feels like a "destination" (even though if you read their website and map your trip it's actually easy) people just pass. DON'T PASS ON THESE GUYS! My fear is the time will come when it doesn't make sense to keep Steenbock's open and Michael will be flipping burgers and sending out cheese curds dressed up in panko or something stupid on the Capitol. Go.Eat.Tell others what you think.Go back with them. Eat again.
4	Lovely.Conveniently located across the street from Union South.The atmosphere of the place is very clean and sleek, Zen-like. I ordered the Moules & Frites and that was rather delicious. Add to that already delicious combination some onions, curry broth, chili aioli, and grilled bread and you have a win.Aside from the food, our waiter was great. Personable and helpful in offering menu suggestions and tips. He convinced me to order the mussels, and as it was my first time trying them, I was a bit hesitant. Especially given the fact that I was super hungry and not too up for ordering something that I would end up not eating, but I'm sure glad I was talked into it because my meal here was Fantastic. capital F.
2	First, the (basically) good: the food was delicious if somewhat strangely portioned. The appetizer--a crudo with hamachi, jalapeno, and oranges, was fresh and complex--so it didn't much matter to me that the portion was also massive. I quite liked it. The "surf and turf" entree I ordered--scallops and short ribs--was equally tasty, but two scallops and two small pieces of beef do not an entree make. Maybe it has something to do with the abbreviated restaurant week menu? No matter. The bad was bad enough that I don't think I'll be giving Steenbock's a second try. It mostly centered around the service. Sorry Corey D., I don't know what Steenbock's you went to, but the service I experienced was basically on par with a TGI-Fridays. Way too casual and haphazard for the kind of dining experience the restaurant seems to be aiming (and charging) for. Dishes were not brought out at the same time--and when they were, servers didn't know who ordered what--silverware taken away but not replaced. At one point we had a collection of empty wine glasses taking over much of the space on the table (for reasons I'll get to below), and we had to flag someone to take them away. Like I said, nothing too insane--just not what you ought to expect from a restaurant striving to be at this caliber. To top it all off, DON'T ORDER any champagne unless you like yours lukewarm. Not one but two bottles were sent back, at which point it was revealed that instead of keeping the bottles in the refrigeration unit, they keep them stored in the cellar with the red wine and then attempt to chill them (instantly?) on order. Thought this was pretty much insane. Maybe nobody orders champagne? But if that's the case, take it off the menu. Don't try and convince your patrons that your champagne isn't really lukewarm or that it's meant to be that way. Come on.So yeah, all in all, two stars. Could be four or five if they got their act together. But I'm not holding my breath.
2	This review was from restaurant week.We ate at Steenbock on Friday night and were very disappointed in the quality of the food.  I had the soup which was by far the best part of the whole meal.  The other 3 people in our group had the risotto which lacked flavor. They ran out of the Halibut by 6:45 which was extremely disappointing since that was the main reason I wanted to go there.  Of the four of us 2 had the steak and the other 2 had lamb, both of which were very disappointing.  I would never buy either cut of meat if I was cooking it at home. The lamb wasn't a chop, it looked like a shank and was tough and hard to eat, almost no meat. It was served over beans that seemed to need more cooking. The steak was extremely gristly  and fatty, I could not eat it, but it was served with goat cheese potatoes and capellini onions that were both really good.  The banana foster creme brulee was gritty, molten chocolate cake was over done there was no lava in the middle and the pretzel ice cream was just a marble size dollop of soggy pretzels, no ice cream to speak of.  What a joke!  To top it of they only served wine and beer which I did not want and we were seated in bar area which is cold and has no ambience.  Overall it was a major disappointment and way over priced.
3	Steenbock's, I give you three stars.One star is for our waitress, who was as cute as the corgi bellyflop video and settled our debate on choice of wine the only way that debate should ever be settled: by bringing out a glass of each.One star is for the building that Steenbock's is in, which has indoor trees, water sculptures and magic touch screen displays to show off the building's green pedigree.One star is for trying hard.Some problems: it was expensive for what it was, the food was only fair, the wine and beer menu limited, and it was nearly empty at seven on a Friday.Not a winner by Madison's standards but interesting to try once.
2	Let me preface this by saying that if I pay $12 for a sandwich anywhere outside of New York or an airport, I had better hear angel choirs singing. Upon its appearance at my table, the Reuben sandwich LOOKED amazing: a towering behemoth of corned beef, cheese, and pumpernickel that promised incipient deliciousness. However, the first bite uncovered the sad truth: the meat was extremely dry and bland. And although no amount of 1000 island dressing would have fixed that problem, hardly any was to be found.  I have to admit that I made no effort to recover the liberal chunks of corned beef that pooped out of my sandwich onto the plate. At least that made it easier to eat, and the pumpernickel was good. But in the final assessment, this sad sandwich had me thinking Arby's.
4	Great experience for dinner with girlfriends. Cons: Limited menu and only bar service is wine and beer.  On the pricey end. Pros: decent service with very good food. I had the nightly fish special of red grouper. Normally I do not opt for any "fresh fish" in Madison but it was wonderful!  Served with a Mediterranean couscous which brought a fresh flavor. It was a hearty serving and before I knew it, I had eaten the entire dish.  The special was close to $30 but one of the best fresh fish dishes I've had in Madison. I would definitely go back.
2	Where are the healthy options?  New chef means new menu.  There are limited vegetarian options let alone an option that isn't loaded with cream, butter, or fried.  I so wish there was a good salad option or a vegetarian flatbread.  Not everyone wants to eat rabbit, beef, or fried shrimp.I ordered a shrimp salad that was described as coming on a bed of cabbage and would include scallions, cilantro, and cashews.  It was more like a tower of cabbage with barely anything else.  I think I counted 4 slices of scallion, 3 cilantro leaves, and 5 cashews.  I had to ask to have the shrimp grilled instead of deep fried.  I appreciated that they were wiling to make this change but the salad was lacking.  I felt like I'd just been delivered cabbage straight out of a Cuisinart.My dinner partner had the burger - the meat, cheese, toppings have all changed - he said for the worse.I really want Steenbock's to succeed.  But I think the new chef needs to consider that people with different tastes will dine at the restaurant.  And often a diner will want a healthy option.  Right now healthy is not an option.
1	This restaurant is distinctly priced for a different sort of clientele.  Instead of a $5 lunch from Union South, $5 sandwich from Subway, or $7-10 of food from Regent St., the $12-16 lunch here is going for something different.   At this price-point, no doubt you'd expect the quality to be better.  It's not.  It doesn't fit it's price point... the only thing the place has going for it are the linens and the convenient location in the middle of campus.When we want to show a prospective student a nice lunch, this would be a no-brainer place to take them.  It quickly becomes disappointing when you realize you could've had a better deal eating better food at another restaurant around campus.  From served lettuce going bad, to the tasteless bolongaise sauce, to the rueben (Harvest Grains in Union South has them beat!!)... it's not a fun experience I wish to replicate.They do dress the place up during the busy times, but if they're not going to deliver quality at all times, then they should stay closed during the quiet times during the day.  I don't know what their strengths are; all they seem to have going for them is their location and ability to grab visiting faculty or people from surrounding events in the WID.
4	This is the place for most formal campus lunch/dinner place where guests and visitors are being hosted for meals. Being right on campus and located in the new glassy Wisconsin Institute for Discovery, its geographical location is perfect for formal events. And hence I have been here a couple of occasions. Their menu changes with the seasons as they source local ingredients for their food, which is a good thing. I like places that support local produce, plus, you won't get bored of the same menu year round. For some reason I really like the location and layout. The building it is located is a full glass building. So while dining you can have a full view of each and every happening outside. During the summer months they open up the swing doors, you have a choice of sitting indoors enjoying the cool breeze, or choose to sit right outside to be in the center of it all. As the menu changes I would suggest going with your favorites, or whatever best arose your curiosity of catches your attention. You can hardly go wrong here. I have dined with huge groups where we have ordered vastly different foods and so far the feedback has always been positive.Being surrounded by significantly lower priced eateries (think Aldos, Subway, QQ Express, Ginger Root, Harvest Grains, the Sett and the likes), it is not a regular go-to for students. But if you feel like some fine dining one day on that special occasion, or if you are looking for a place to host visits right on campus, this is the place to go for.
3	I find it hard to describe or categorize this restaurant - I feel the restaurant itself is in an extremely casual setting and yet the food and menu is trying to be moderately upscale... which then also contrasts with the not terribly good service I've sometimes had. I've had some good meals here but the service and food is unreliable enough that it wouldn't be my first recommendation.
3	Oh, I wish I could give Steenbock's five stars, but the service at lunchtime was a little too sparse. It took us nearly 15 minutes to flag down our server so that we could get our check at the end of the meal, even though there were only a few tables still filled by the time we finished our food (which, by the way, also took forever to get to us). Looking back on a few of the reviews, I'm very surprised to find that Steenbock's has been praised for their superb service. I must have missed that memo. Service aside, the food is definitely five-stars worthy. For such a classy-looking restaurant, Steenbock's serves one of the messiest (but also one of the most delicious) chicken sandwiches I have ever tried. As great as it sounds on paper, it is even more impressive on the plate. The guac is a nice touch of color and flavor, and the creamy coleslaw helps to add additional texture to the sandwich. If you are on a date or with anyone you are trying to impress, you'd be better served dining with a fork and knife. Otherwise, dig in and get messy! PS. The sandwich comes served with either a side salad or fries. Go with the fries. We all know that your diet is a futile one.
5	The lobster salad on wheat was to die for. It was so fresh, light, and tasty. We asked to have it on wheat toast instead of what it came with and the waitress was happy to substitute. Wonderful experience for lunch.
5	We are so grateful we found this restaurant! Let me start by saying that the menu was simple but had a wide range of options. We started with the cheese platter and some craft beer (a decent selection available). I am allergic to strawberries and they accommodated so nicely with dried figs in their place. For dinner, I had the strip steak with chive mashed potatoes and my husband had the stuffed chicken. Both meals were prepared very well, had appropriate portion sizes (not tiny but not overwhelming either) and both tasted delicious! For dessert we could not choose between the molten chocolate cake and the bread pudding made with fresh croissants so we had both. Overall, excellent dinner (and the tall guy was nice!)
