5	This is a newly opened establishment, which occupies where Super Burrito was.I ordered a Large Bowl of Shrimp Tom Yum to go; this was my experience.Atmosphere:  Very clean, typical Thai Buddhist interior; clutter free and peaceful.  The smell of fresh cut ginger, lemongrass, and other traditional Thai ingredients permeated the air and made ordering very difficult. I love that their kitchen in small in size; it guarantees your food is cooked to-order and is completely visible to the customer, which I believe builds trust (cleanliness & food handling is top notch!). Service:  The owner kindly insisted on a glass of water with lime for myself, which she kept refilling until I left.  She chatted with me until my soup was ready for pick-up; she's so sweet.  Food was ready in about 8 minutes or so but I wasn't in a rush.Food:  I'm actually finishing my huge portion of Shrimp Tom Yum; it's as close to authentic Thai as it gets, or at least since the last time I was in Thailand.  The Shrimp are generous in quantity, high quality (tail left on for flavor), and taste like the sea.  The broth is laced with pieces of ginger, lemongrass, tomatoes, garlic shoots, and quartered mushrooms.  The flavor is citrusy-seafood with a beautiful aftertaste of ginger...I can't get enough.Price:  My Tom Yum was very affordable when compared to similar Thai Restaurant prices.  For how freshly it was prepared, the freshness and quality of the ingredients, and the service from the owner,  I would gladly come back.  Their menu was loaded full of traditional Thai and American-Thai favorites...can't wait to try more!I got a delicious Thai Tea; on the house!  The owner is one of the sweetest women I've met; you have to love Thai people.***I wish they had a website with a PDF menu option.
5	Well, Kevin A. pretty much summed it up in his review: new, clean, friendly and very good food! I meant to snap pics of my spicy (4/5, so good) basil chicken and whatnot, but I was too hungry. Mango sticky rice was addictive! They have a drive-thru and the menu says they deliver. Since I live really close, I walked and did takeout. Everything was cooked fresh and was ready to go within 10 minutes.
5	Excellent!! The food is fresh and incredibly tasty. They are now in regular lunch rotation at work.
4	Great little place!  Great dishes and they have tofu as a option for all of them. Big thumbs up for me. Staff was very kind.
3	We couldn't read the picture of the menu so we ordered based on what other reviewers ordered.  I'm not sure what the first reviewer meant by prices being "dirt cheap" because I found the prices to be about the same (maybe $1 less on most items), however EVERYTHING was excellent!  We ordered Tom Yum w/shrimp, Pad Pak w/beef, Pad Thai (authentic-finally!!), Garlic Pepper w/Chicken (fantastic), Papaya Salad, and Mango Sticky Rice (so yummy).  I didn't realize the Mango Sticky Rice was a dessert but I'm so glad other people recommended it because it was delicious.  I just ate it for breakfast a few minutes ago.    The Tom Yum with Shrimp was very tasty and was slightly sweet which is different than I've ever had.  My only complaint is that nothing was as spicy as I like.  I ordered everything 4 and 5 out of 5.  Most new places I go to don't make the food as fiery spicy as I like it because they are used to the wimpy people (j/k) who can't handle spicy food.  I'll just let them know I want it like much spicier next time.  The owner IS incredibly sweet and we are looking forward to going back. They don't have a website so I'll post pictures of their menu that you can hopefully read.  I never take pictures of my food, sorry.UPDATE: I'm sad to report that we ordered from here a few more times and the food seems to be inconsistent. The last time everything we ordered was under-seasoned and bland (pad woon-sen, pad thai, garlic pepper chicken, tom yum soup and curry) and NOTHING was spicy even though I ordered 4 out of 5 and 5's on a few things. I thought Thai restaurants had Thai chili peppers that can be added to make things spicy. I was very disappointed in the quality of seasoning and lack of flavor this last time. Hopefully they can get things more consistent with the cook.
5	Amazing food..we did dine in but they also have drive-thru service available. The staff is super friendly and willing to accommodate any special request.
4	Very good food. The service was spectacular. I had the lunch green curry and my sister had the lunch pad Thai. Both came with salad, egg roll and a rangoon. A lot of food and the pricing is reasonable, cheap actually. 2 lunch specials and a soda came out to be just 16 something. My curry was deliciously but the pad Thai was slightly too sweet tasting to me. Overrall, it as good. Would come again.
5	Great food great service definitely worth a try if you like Thai food! Awesome lunch specials as well!
4	Really good pad thai. Yellow curry was good as well. Wife tried to order BBQ chicken but got talked or of it by the server. Maybe next time. She enjoyed her curry. Will be back.
5	Good, Clean, Nice, Fresh restaurant that you would give them a try!. The service was as good as a big restaurant. The servers are very nice and kind. Food was amazing and delicious. I've never had a problem with restaurant before just like the comment below. I think their foods are really good and cook fresh!. Quiet and nice restaurant. If you have a family, I would suggest this restaurant. They're very busy during friday and saturday. Lunch specials are very awesome in a dirt cheap price which 6.99 $. If you work around there you should order it by phone and pick them up so you don't waste your break time. I would suggest to give them a try and you will know what is authentic Thai food is like.
5	It is not about the menu, it is about the staff. They are attentive and care about your experience. The food is great no matter what you get. What a hidden gem in the middle of Las Vegas. It may not look like you can even eat inside this small place but do it. Go for the lunch special at $6.99 which includes a salad, and your choice of chicken, beef, pork, tofu, vegetable or shrimp (for $2 more) plus fried won ton, and fried egg roll. Just enough to fill you up but not overstuffed. Did I mention the staff? Top notch in every way. They really care about your experience. Take a chance here you will thank us for the many great reviews.
5	I recently moved to the area from a few miles away, and while moving saw this place a few times and decided to try it. I popped on yelp and glanced at a couple reviews to make sure it wasn't a mistake, and it definitely wasn't.Don't be put off by the tiny building, drive thru, or spartan design of the interior. -Very clean. The tables and chairs are spotless, and the staff clearly takes care to keep the place tidy.-Simple menu. 30 or so items, clearly labelled. You'll find what you want quickly.-Good prices. About twice as much as fast food, but easily four times as good.-The FOOD. I'm a fan of pad thai, so I fell back on a favorite. I was not disappointed. The 'medium' heat spice is surprisingly spicy, however its one of the few times that the extra heat added to the taste, and not just 'hot' like sauce packets. I'll go mild next time, but I definitely boxed up the remaining for later. Enjoyed every bite. My girlfriend had the yellow curry. I make a curry dish myself, and sadly I think I may end up making it a great deal less now. The curry had a nice heat and flavor to it, and lended well to the fluffy rice and chicken. We both had Thai Iced Tea as well, and it went perfectly with the heat of the food.-Staff was friendly, refilled water regularly, and checked on us often enough without being overbearing. I overheard them speaking with what was likely a family friend, and at least the handful of things they mentioned were made in house, not purchased or frozen.Overall, I was super happy, full, and pleased that this place is only a couple blocks up the road.
3	Thai food with a drive thru? That's different.Haven't tried that method yet, but called in an order for pick up and it was ready in a very-reasonable 15 minutes. Pricing is mostly pretty good, but I found the $8/bowl tom kha a bit steep- portion size was good but can't imagine what a large must look like or how they pack it to go.Garlic black pepper chicken dish, spice level 3, is quite good- served with an ample portion of white rice, well priced at about $10. Lunch specials really are the way to go though, at $7/ea with several entree choices, plus soup or salad, egg roll, and won ton. Service is friendly, seems to be family-run, restaurant dining room is small but clean.
5	It's a hole in the wall restaurant but I guarantee you it'll be an excellent experience. The food is super good
5	I have been to a lot of Thai restaurants, but this restaurant is the best one I have ever been to. There restaurant is clean and the food are fresh. My favorite dishes are pad Thai and larb salad. People who work in there is really nice and friendly. Give them a try and you will love Thai foods.
2	I Have been there several Times when they first opened the food was good and nice portion for the money went back a couple days ago and the portion size has been cut in half and they must have a new chef because the food tasted Completely different if they want to stay open they have to be consistent
3	I stopped in at Siam for a quick bite in between errands. I've never seen a Thai place with a drive through. Not that it deterred me. I was a bit annoyed that they wouldn't allow me to order the lunch special at 2:58 pm when it ended at 3:00 pm. I would understand if it was a special separate menu, but it's the same stuff you find on the regular menu. Regardless, I ordered the cucumber salad and pad woon sen with pork. Both were tasty, and aside from the lunch special thing the staff was friendly.
4	Food was delicious I had the Yellow curry 2 hot level!! Delicious, we also had the Mongolian chicken, had lots of meat, yummy!!  Also had wontons for the appetizer and ordered the sweet n sour chicken !!!! Very good food, very good service!!!!
5	This place is incredible, especially when compared to the other restaurants in the area. There is not that much good stuff around here, and I wish I would have discovered this place six months ago.They have thai tea for only $2.50. It is as good as any I've had. Curry was really good. I ordered it spicy level 5 because I wanted to hallucinate from eating thai peppers. Did not disappoint, I am tripping balls on how hot it was. Probably shouldn't have driven home, but there's no breathalyzer for thai tea and ghost pepper.Only thing that was a little odd was they charged extra for extra rice. I kind of thought that was like bread at any other restaurant. But whatever, compared to the other stuff around here, this place was amazing.
3	Stopped by there today for lunch after reading reviews on here. I was excited that they had bbq chicken on their lunch special menu, I seen to pictures. I grt there and they no longer have the bbq chicken on their menu at all. I was disappointed with that but I decided to order the spicy basil beef (spicy 3) it was really good and flavorful. The lunch special shows 6.99 for chicken, pork, and beef items and an extra 3.00 for shrimp.  When I ordered the spicy basil beef  she tells me it's an additional 1.00 for beef, ground beef. I was taken back from that but hey I was there already and hungry. I open the container and the lunch special comes with an vegetable egg roll, won ton, and salad. The won ton was good, the egg roll was soggy in the inside and the salad had no dressing, just lettuce and carrots and I paid the extra 1.00 and there wasn't even a great amount of the beef. (That was a let down) I gave it 3 stars because again the dish was delicious but I did experience difficulties. Still not sure if I'll go back.
5	I got the spicy basil with sliced beef & this is my new favorite thai place.. Good portions, Good price,  & Good Food.. I definitely will be back
5	Don't let this places outward appearance fool you.  It surely is a diamond in the rough. We walk in and it is small,  basic decor, nothing special. We are greeted by a very sweet woman who takes or order.  I got the pad ke mao thai spicy #5 (Thai spice is hotter,  it wasn't just spicy it had great flavor) and the pineapple fried rice for my baby.  Our friends got mint fried rice and pad ke mao as well,  all spicy.  My friends was a little spicy for her taste but our waitress was on it. She was filling or glasses when they needed to be and was on it! Great and friendly service. Our waitress recommend my friend to get a fried egg on top his mint fried rice as well.  When our food came to the table it was nice and hot,  you could tell it was fresh. Not very greasy as some other plaes and it was very authentic.  I finished my whole plate,  it was so delectable i couldn't help myself! Next time ill have to save rim for the sticky rice and mango. Ps it has a drive-thru,  odd but convenient ;)
5	Some of the best Thai food. Went to another pin kaow more expensive and lower quality. This place has much better quality and better price.
4	Okay, so it used to be a fast food restaurant, and it still has a drive thru. Actually kind of nice if you order takeout you don't even have to get out of your car. But we were eating in tonight. Decor is minimal but clean. Ordered pad kee mao and spicy basil with chicken. Both at a heat level 2. I like spicy but since we haven't been here before we decided to play it safe. So glad we did. Most places this heat level would be a 4. Any spicier and it would have been too hot. But both dishes were delicious. Fresh veggies, white meat chicken and freshly cooked with the veggies still crisp tender. Very good. Service was very good but we were the only ones dining in so I wouldn't expect less. Our water glasses stayed full. We will definitely be back.
4	Well I think they are very authentic and the price is not bad I recommend the lunch special to introduce yourself to their menu
