2	This place is wierd with a capital W. From the outside it looks awful - pine wooden cladding adorns the front of the shop so it ain't easy on the eyes. The windows house a large selection of touristy crap and also non-touristy crap that I can only wonder about.Inside things get marginally better - theres some art, some more cheap crap, some odd stutue things, some tacky cheap crap, and various other bits of nasty cheap and tacky crap.The only redeeming feature of this place are the owners, who were very friendly and made me laugh.
5	Utter shitness is something that's exceptionally under-rated. There's definitely a place in this world for stuff that's useless, pointless, tacky, or preferably all three. Spirit of China has all this and more, and I absolutely love it.One of the oddest shops I've ever been in, the stock can best be summed up as nonsensical. Those pictures that light up with a sunset in the background, silly wee toys and Orient-themed trinkets. You won't find anything you actually need in here, but the permeating atmosphere of fun and oddness that exists in the store makes that a minor irrelevance.Come in, buy one of those cats with the wobbly arms, get some banter off the wonderful owners, and appreciate one of Edinburgh's most unique and splendidly bonkers shopping experiences.
4	With the feel of an assorted bazaar, Spirit of China is rather bizarre but strangely endearing.My friend from high school's parents, who were both from China, used to revel in buying similar sorts of crockery that you find in Spirit of China. It's obviously imported since you rarely see this sort of stuff outside Chinese supermarkets and specialist stores. Alongside massive vases and incredibly ornate, traditional plates, they sell China dolls, cute little plush toys and an abundance of keyrings.I have to agree with Gavin, I love how off the wall some of the stock appears to me since I'm not embedded in the culture. It is however a good resource for those who are, and who are looking for certain curiosities that remind them of home. It also may inspire some unusual gift ideas. For people who enjoy luminated, garish fishtank clocks and the iconic good luck cats, it's definitely worth a browse! Furthermore, as has already been said, the shop owner is lovely and really accomodating!
4	Spirit of China is such a quirky little gift shop and they have an assortment of goodies on offer some of which, as other reviewers have pointed out, seem a bit confused, including a bottle of Lambrini in prime location in the window display. That made me chuckle.They have some gorgeous prints and various other little trinkets and I just love unusual items. My favourite goodies stocked here have to be the stunning tea sets on offer and as a huge tea lover I'm seriously thinking of investing in a gorgeous set for myself. I also love the little waving cats and have two of them, they are so cute and really make me smile whenever I see them waving away. I think one of them is a bit rusty though as he makes a constant squeaky noise whenever his paw goes back and forward, it's a little bit annoying to say the least, especially when I'm trying to sleep. They have a good selection of them here and unlike mine, they're probably squeak free.
3	this place is a bit odd. I don't know what it is, but there's something a bit funny about it. It's not a bad thing, but if you come in here you'll know what I mean....The price is good, the stuff is weird and the staff are lovely. It's all quite surreal really!!
1	This shop should be called 'Spirit of Tacky'.If one of those cheesy Scottish shops aimed at tourists, and a load of really low-quality chinese stuff had a lovechild, this would be it. Exceot this is much more overpriced.If you want one of those freaky cats that waves it's mechanical paw at you non-stop (or, judging from the quality of most of the stuff in here, until said paw falls of or the batteries run out), then this is your place. Likewise, if you're after anything at all inside a glass ball filled with snowflakes to shake when you're bored (or living in an '80s timewarp) then fill your boots.Otherwise, the only reason you should even bother setting foot in this shop would be if you see your ex walking towards you, and need somewhere to hide until they've gone past.
