5	WOW , What a Great Place. I have never been to a Distillery like this. A friend asked me to stop with him to "pick up a few things" , I have to say , I was very impressed. These guy's make everything themselves.  I bought a Single Malt whiskey , and a bottle of Patho-gin.I'll try these when I get home ( after I hide the car keys. )The Gal that showed us around ( I think was the owner ) was very professional. The place is neat & clean. My friend is a good customer and I can see why. I think it's SO COOL that we have places like this in Pittsburgh. These kind of small businesses are what makes the Pittsburgh Heart Beat so STRONG. You should check these Guys out , even if you don't drink . It's a really cool place to see. Check out their web site!
5	Stay Tuned offers three things: a great, unusual gin produced in small batches, rye whiskey, and a single malt scotch so good I am still thinking about the sips I had an hour later. The rye and whiskey are brought in and the gin is finished on site with local ingredients - the staff is really knowledgeable, able to suggest why you should consider using a better, old-style tonic for your G&T, and help you understand the flavors that make their spirits so interesting.It's not cheap and it's not right around the corner for most of Pittsburgh, but if you want something out of the ordinary that's really, really good, it's worth going out of your way.
5	This place is BEAUTIFUL! I walked in, and my jaw hit the floor. The owners have taken what was once an old schoolhouse and transformed it into an open and gorgeous space. I had the pleasure of making the jaunt out to Munhall to pick up some libations for a friend, and I didn't expect to be so warmly welcomed by the co owner, Justin. He and I chatted it up a bit, and he was more than happy to tell me some of the history of the building and its renovations for the current business. I couldn't wait to tell my friends about this place because it is perfect for a gaming afternoon. The owners are more than willing to have outside food, and they certainly have the space to entertain a decent-sized group. Very cool indeed.
5	Love this little place. Located in an old at one time or another church, school and community center, Stay Tuned has a beautiful simple decor accented to the buildings original structure. You can take a tour or just go in and have a taste of the spirits. They also have some great t-shirts and gifts.  Distilled or finished here they offer a single malt whiskey, rye and gin. Yes, I've tried them all and celebrated my way through a few bottles of the rye over the past year. It is definitely my favorite. Very smooth with a sweet aftertaste.  The single malt is pretty darn good as well. No peat! I'm not crazy about peat, so this suits me fine. Gin is very smooth. After overdoing gin in college, I was hesitant to try. Pleasantly, it erased any ill memories I had lingering. A few of the local places are serving their spirits in some great cocktails, but I'm a purist when it comes to this stuff. Stayed Tuned is a neat place and that's exactly how I like their product. Get there.
