4	Stopped by here today in search of one of those weighted eye masks (they didn't have any) but had not been in the store in a while. They renovated it and it is beautiful. Very clean and upscale looking with isles and isles of products. They have a onsite salon as well and do hair, nails ext. The staff was very friendly and helpful. All in all, its a great place to go for all you beauty needs!
5	My home away from home: Ulta, you are my sanctuary!When Sephora begins to get too pricey, I will always have Ulta. They carry Benefit, Urban Decay and quite a few other higher-end lines, but this is the GO TO place for cheaper cosmetics. Very well organized for foundations, powders, eyeshadows and the like, they have testers out of at least 90% of their products so getting a good match is a breeze.The fragrance selection is quite good (not to Sephora levels, but that's okay sometimes) and they sometimes carry the VERY hard-to-find New West fragrance for women.( A awesomely happy, fruity-funky scent that never fails to get attention from others)I can get the new China Glaze colors before Sally's get them in-stock, but pay a bit more $ for them. If you don't know, you can join Ulta's Beauty Club, and get credit/points every time you shop and show the card. Every quarter you will get sent a freebie voucher for some neat little thing. (They give you a list to pick from) and the more you spend, the nicer the goodies. Needless to say, I am now up to a 5pts voucher last time they sent it to me. This means I spent -waaayyy- too much money here!
4	When I don't feel like going to Sephora @ Town Square I come here. They carry Benefit..which I love! I totally agree with Lisa K's review about the club..its nice to get freebies. Every now and again I use a coupon that comes in the junk mail and they have saved me some $$..which never happens at Sephora. No coupons there! I have also found the sales people very helpful. I came in looking for a face peel that I could no longer get @ Seph..and the girl took me right to it and when I was gonna buy the individual bottles and she pointed out a combo kit that was 25 bucks cheaper. Very cool!
4	ULTA and their buy 1 get 1 50% off gets me! well organized from brands, skin care, hair care, perfumes/colognes, etc. love love love. it's good that it's a one stop shop for drugstore brands and/or higher end brands. the ladies are helpful. also is a even more convienent location being theres a couple shoe stores and clothing stores including target, nordstrom rack. so you can go shopping and check out beauty supplies in the same area!
5	I love ulta !!!!It is an amazing cosmetic store that is located near my area. I love how large the store is, and how renovated it has gotten. The store is always welcomed by the very kind workers, and they give out free makeup sessions if you ask.The makeup can range from the very cheap to the very expensive. Personally, i think all the makeup sold at that store is great !!! The brands, quality, and quantity is what makes ulta so amazing!oh and i love how they have these sales and coupons from their advertisements sent to my store.i'll always know when and what to buy.LOVE IT!
5	ULTA over Sephora, any day.Not only do they have Sephora brand products (Urban Decay, Philosophy, Juicy) but, they also have drugstore items (Revlon, Maybelline, etc).They have tools for hair, nails, and even a salon. Fun place for any girlie girl =)
4	I have a love/hate relationship with ulta.  They have fantastic products.  Not only do they sell the nice, expensive products, but they have the less expensive hair products and cosmetics also.  Half of the time I feel that there is never anyone around to answer questions and there will be an extremely long checkout line.  But sometimes I feel like the girls will not leave me alone for two minutes without asking if I need help.  There have been a few times that I have told them I would find them if I needed help and then no more then 5 minutes later they would ask if I was still doing ok.I love that they have a salon and the girls are usually very helpful if I need help with hair product.  I hope to schedule an appointment for my hair to try them out.I have two comments about their coupons, they are great at giving you coupons if you have forgotten yours.  But sometimes their coupons are very misleading and you can't use them on the good stuff... read the fine print before commiting to an expensive product.
4	My old boss got me hooked on Bare Escentuals, so I come here to empty my wallet, I mean stock up! Love that stuff, finding makeup as a redhead is so impossible, but that stuff looks good!Last time I got my brows done while I was here, a bit more spendy than other places in town but they did a really good job and it did not hurt, which is a plus!
4	I love Ulta!  They send you coupons, it's very reasonably priced, they have all kkinds of good stuff.  If you don't watch the time, you could be there for hours. They also have hair products, and perfumes as well.
3	Ulta gets high marks because it carries both expensive and inexpensive brands, generally has good amount of merchandise in stock and offers consistent coupons. Customer service on the other hand is next to non existent. When you do get some service they try to push a certain line of cosmetic down your throat (LOOK LADY, I already know Lancome foundation does not interact well with my skin) instead of listening to YOUR needs as a customer.. sigh. I will go back because I get coupons which I like to spend on my alarmingly large collection of OPI nail polish.
4	great supply of all the good brands...two reasons they don't get five stars...1) I have waited over 20 mins to check out before and 2) $30 for professional make up application...forget that - got to MAC, buy $40 of makeup and get it done free and better...
4	I would have given Ulta 5 stars if there were no employees. I shall elaborate:They carry damn near everything beauty-related. Makeup, both drugstore and high end? Got it. Hair care? Got it. Beauty tools? Yep. Fragrance? You bet. I've often found myself wanting to try a particular product from a large brand, only to find that Target, Walmart, etc, don't carry it. 9 Nine times out of 10, Ulta has the product. While it is a beauty store, it is not a beauty supply store. If you need a color mixing bowl or latex gloves, a large selection of extensions or waxing supplies, take yourself to Sally's. But, if you need product, Ulta's the place!That being said, the customer service is just awful. If you go in just wanting to browse for nothing in particular, you'll be pounced upon by some lady who tells you, in effect, that you look like crap and she can help you do so much better. Not my favorite sales tactic, especially when they expect you to purchase a product in return for their advice and whatever line they're shilling is just out of your budget. Now, say you go in looking for a particular big brand product that Target doesn't carry. You will not be able to find an employee that can locate it in the store or tell you if they have it. If you're browsing in the areas where products are under $30 a piece, no one can help you. Don't expect help if you're not part of the "luxury market".My advice: search their website for the item you want, read the reviews, memorize the packaging, then go to the store with enough knowledge that you don't need help.
5	On June 6th 2012  I showed up at Ulta store #100 in Las Vegas for a previously scheduled salon service. Mine was the last appointment of the day, and the only appointment I could fit in a busy, 2 conventions in a row stint in Las Vegas. It turns out I had booked the service alright, but at a different ULTA location on the opposite side of town! The stylist on duty that evening, Chrystal H., understood my situation (possibly by the horrified look on my face) and came to the rescue, accommodating me as her last, unscheduled appointment of the day. She went well beyond her call of duty that day, giving me a wonderful hairstyle and even managing to restore a smile on my face after such a harrowing day. I will book Chrystal H. (at the correct Ulta salon this time, wink wink!) each and every time I'll find myself in Las Vegas on business. She is a great stylist and a charming addition to Ulta's great staff. Thank you, Chrystal H. I will be back!
1	Horrible! I had to pull the cosmetic gal away from the mirror twice to get her to help me. The way they display their Ultra products are the worst! I think I will make the trip to the one on 215 and rainbow!
5	Got my hair done by Chrystal H and she is great! Best choice I made to go to her. And she is super nice, too!
3	This store being a place for supplies to keep myself beautiful (self-assessment) should have garnered at least five stars. I mean, I love a one-stop shop where I can indulge in beautiful make-up, find things for my hair, my nails, every part of me! What I don't enjoy is bad employees. The employees here, I THINK, are working on commission. Went in to buy a fabulous Clarisonic for my face and immediately two women swooped in to help. I have to believe this is not because they are the friendliest bunch, but because there is a payoff for them. Mainly because once one girl edged out the other one she was trying to sell me the door knobs. So, the truth is, I'm 44. That is bad in a lot of ways, but fabulous in that I know what I need in order to look good. I've been doing this for a long time. So, talk to the girl about this product and tell her I use a certain brand of cleanser. I love it, I will not part with it, I don't need recommendations to change it. I just need to know if it's safe to use with the apparatus I'm about to buy. She tells me yes, but she has an even BETTER face wash. I tell her that I understand my skin, but she keeps pushing. After a few minutes she stopped, realizing defeat. I then asked for my fave moisturizer, EVER. She again tried to tell me that wasn't blah blah. No, point me to it, thank you. By the time I got through my list of beauty needs I was exhausted! So, on the one hand, they have the overly helpful staff (read: pushy), but I walked up to this one girl who quickly tried to turn her back on me as she saw me coming. That wasn't obvious. I asked her, to her back, if she could tell me where I could find a certain section. She grudgingly pointed. Well, thanks for trying to do your job. That you get paid for.Went up to the counter to ask for help with some eye shadow. No one had a clue, but if people kept pointing me to places where I might be able to find it, I was going to throw down on the ground and start flailing. If I was paid to do your job I'd at least act like I didn't totally hate it and wish it would die.Anyway, the only reason this store gets three stars is because it has everything I need for my beauty regimen, otherwise zero stars for the incredible helpfulness of the employees.
4	This place is awesome. I go allllll the time. They have awesome brands I love like urban decay. They also have cheaper brands like nyx. I love that you can try anything out. It helps me decide whether to buy it or not. And I always use the coupons I get in the mail and get really good deals.
5	I used the Hair Salon for the 3rd time today and have had 3 excellent experiences.  Unlike some other posts, the prices are printed on a large bulletin board that hangs in the back of the salon area.  Having paid Las Vegas prices for hair color and cuts for 6 years now, Ulta Salon is on the "lower" end of pricing - which is why I will continue to use them.  I have found a great stylist (sorry, not sharing her name - I don't want my ultra popular yelping to lead to an overbooking for her!).  Send me a message if you want to know her name!   Other employees have been very helpful in finding products and they offer a raincheck on items that are on sale but  not in stock.  Excellent customer service here.  Many employees have used store coupons for me when I forgot my own.  Overall, excellent customer service here.
4	I come here when I don't feel like driving to Sephora to pick up basics.  The store sales staff has been hit or miss as far as how helpful they are.  Overall the store has always been clean and I have been able to get in and out with the things that I need.
1	Wow. I am not a fan.Was visiting my parents this afternoon, and saw my mom had an ULTA catalog. I saw the new OPI line (san Francisco) and my mom saw a color she liked, and we decided to check it out.Not only could we not find the OPI San Fran collection.... No one from the store even offered to help us. Walking around and hunting for it, the store manager and another employee were chit chatting away, while we are looking. They didn't even stop to see if we needed anything.... We didn't even get a hello, or a nod. My mother interrupted them, and politely asked where we could find the collection. We were guided, and wow, were we disappointed.The colors weren't even close as pictured.... They should fire their photographer. I wanted to smell a sample of perfume by Jimmy Choo, but there was no sample. We asked an associate if we could be "assisted".Her answer was there was no sample. Not in the entire store, and no one knows where it is.Seriously?
4	Nice big place. Everything under one roof. I love it when they have their sales. My only problem is they send me a coupon but I cannot use it for the things i want because the higher end products cannot be included in their coupon (. Why bother sending .
4	Every time I go In for one thing I come out with more!! from Perfumes, Colognes , make up and hair products. Love this place.The staff has always been helpful and if they know something Im getting has a special going with something else they inform me.The one thing I wish they would carry is Kat VonD line :(Will be back
4	I shop at this location more often because it' better stocked, it feels like there is more space to maneuver around the aisles, the store layout  is better organized, cleaner, there's hardly anything out of place. Plus they have a better selection of NYX products here!There is always a sales associates on the floor. Ones who are real friendly and willing to help you. Most are knowledgeable in hair and makeup. Cashiers are pretty efficient and there's hardly ever a long wait. Just so much easier to shop here as opposed to the other Henderson location.Like all Ultas ,they carry both designer and drug store brands. Although some of the higher end brands the product line is limited to the best selling items.Use their rewards program. It pays off. The last time I reached Level 13..it only goes to level six I think. But they figured it out that I got $80 credit for fragrance, which was pretty sweet!
4	I frequent this location often since it is down the street from where I live. They have an Ulta Club card. Make sure that you join. You get coupons throughout the year for discounts on your purchases. You also accumulate points for every purchase to redeem for free gifts. It's completely free and totally worth it. And if you ever forget your card, they can always look it up with your phone number. They have every thing cosmetic and hair product that you need. They carry national brands like Cover Girl and Revlon to the prestige brands like Clinique and Bare Minerals. I don't like going to department stores for my fancy cosmetic stuff because I know they work off commission and can be a bit pushy. And why go to Walmart when you can get points with your Ulta Club card? They have a 20% off coupon twice I year, which is probably the best discount they have. That's when I stock up on my Philosophy Purity face wash and Bare Mineral foundation. This stuff can be pricey so any discount helps. There's always someone walking around to help you and everyone at this location has been super friendly. No snobs at all. The reason I docked a star is because they can be out of certain products at times.
1	The cashiers in this store usually rude but this time she was just dumb. Very Cold staff. (Not talking about the salon girls)Know your product ladies! And if you are going to put Ulta shopping bags for sale on a rack in the middle of the store, know the price and /or code at the register!
1	If your just a plain, overweight, out of touch with fashion type of woman THIS store is for you!!!  They proudly sell that cheap drug store makeup at a fraction more!  The staff isn't trained on it's products.  I asked TWO different ladies working there about the Deva shampoo and was so embarrassed for them as they tried to make exuces for why they don't know anything.  It's almost impossible to find someone walking on the floor for assistance and when you finally do...they don't know!  Every time i go there I return the product I bought!!!  It's closer to my house so i gave them a few chances but c'mon...Now if your a beautiful woman who has taken care of herself all her life, who is at a healthy weight, who knows what she wants and is able to look beautiful with just a little help from makeup than this store is NOT for you!!!  Make the 5 mile track to SEPHORA where the WHOLE STAFF is TRAINED to know EVERYTHNG they carry!!!  Sephora prides themselves on having MANY women on the floor to assist its customers.
4	This review is for the salon only. I don't know anything about the store as a whole and  as it is all the way down in almost Henderson land, I doubt I'll be going there on a regular basis. The salon services were absolutely fantastic. I had the stress of unexpectedly moving to town a week before my wedding and oh my gosh there was so much to do. As I am familiar with Ulta from my time in San Diego, I knew that they do the salon services. I made an appointment ahead of time for my wedding makeup there, rather than fuss around with trying to find a smaller business I could trust in the time I had available. They did lose a star as they changed my time from the initial booking to the confirmation, which threw off my tight time schedule and left my poor bridesmaids with less time to get ready themselves. (I do wish I could only drop it a half star, as they made up for it later and I ended up enjoying the extra sleep in time)But! The gal who did my makeup was wonderful. She matched the look I wanted precisely and worked really hard to make sure that it was nice and natural. We had a lovely chat as she worked, and she even did a quick eyebrow clean up for me, even though it isn't normally included as I hadn't had time to unpack my tweezers! Then, because my ride was doing another errand and I was running out of time, the clerk gal helped me remove my old glitter polish from my nails, which certainly isn't something they usually do. Everyone went way out of their way for me when they found out what was going on, and I am so grateful. The experience helped make my pictures of the day as lovely as I could have asked for.  Oh! And the gal helped me with nice pointer tips on how to get an easier daily look. So, score! Honestly, if I find errands to do in that part of town, I wouldn't mind trying to take my business to this Ulta after everything they did.
1	The only two saving graces to this location: Angela who worked at the Benefit Brow Bar (but now she's left left) and the GM, Pam (but she's rarely ever there) The store is lacking associates. They're out of product 75% of the time even though they just received their shipment. The other benefit bar employee (I don't even know her name) tries to claim she's done your eyebrows before and then acts that you've somehow like jumped ship or something by going to the other Aestetician. She said to me "oh hey, I used to do your eyebrows" I looked at her like she was insane and said... No you didn't? Funniest thing is I didn't even know they did brows until Angela pulled me over one Sunday when I was buying bronzer. It came across as a blatant lie in attempt to steal her colleagues customer.. Then I found out she did it to my grandma, too... Who I had referred to Angela. What?! Worst of all, the fill in temp 'manager' or whatever her authority roll is, Frances is degrading to her employees openly in front of customers. I've seen her act in ways a "manager" never should... as I stood with my mouth wide open. Because of all of this, even though this store is a few minutes from home I will drive a little further to Town Square to take my business to Sephora and search for wherever Angela went to do brows because she is awesome!
1	Worst service ever! I mean it never fails in this place. Never are you greater at least the 5xs in the past month I've came here I haven't been greeted it could just be me but I've gone in all hours and not even a Hello. So I usually know what I need when I come in, I try to make it quick since it's more of a self serve place. I go straight for my needs then realize I couldn't find one thing. So I asked the nearest sales associate for help. She states at me while I ask her for the NYX brow gel, she response did you look? Well yes I did and I couldn't find it. She goes oh, umm... I said it was online and she responded oh, we don't have what's online. I said okIt was silent as we both stared at each other. I said well do you have another brow gel line you carry? She said yea the Anastasia one. By that time I was feed up with her I said ok that's super helpful. I don't know if it's just me or what but as a sales associate wouldn't you recommend other lines to meet the needs of your clients? Wouldn't you direct them to the next solution? Instead I felt like I was talking to myself. I get to the register and I'm sure they sense my vibe they offer me a free moisturizer sample. Honestly, I don't want free samples I don't care about samples. It's something as simple as giving service to your guest. Of course I'll be back to continue to help myself and give people like this business cause of what they carry not cause of their service!
4	This review is specific for Valerie at the Benefit Brow Bar. She is friendly, experienced, and talented. She calls to confirm your next appointment, and she usually has same-day availability if you call ahead. She remembers you at your next visit.Unfortunately, today I went to another location and saw Corinne (on North Rainbow). I am now suffering the consequences! See my other review to know the ONE person in Vegas you shouldn't let get near your eyebrows.
2	I came here looking for sulfate free shampoo for my daughter.  The selection in the store is pretty thorough however the staff barely knew anything about the product and even gave incorrect advice (although they later corrected it after talking to the salon). The shelving was a mess, they always seem to be out of the specific product I am looking for, and the labeling in off on the shelving making it very difficult to find specific brands. (specifically the L'oreal section had no L'oreal product.
1	I went into this location looking for Nars products. When I couldn't find them myself I asked a worker...you know a person Paid to do these kinds of things.. Anyway I simply asked where they kept their Nars products. The chick didn't miss a beat in her sassy little walk, barely looked at me and replied with a hardly audible, "don't have it here." I was like, "oh okay thanks very much for your customer service." She then glances back at me and kept walking!!! Like hunty, where do you think that attitude is acceptable?! I don't care how much of a genius you think you are ARRANGING MAKEUP but I guarantee you aren't any better than me. I wish id have gotten her name. So now I will take my business to an Ulta about 20 mins away from me. And I do go there often for other products. I know my not going there will not impact their business however, that little girl's terrible attitude most definitely will.
1	Rude!!! Was here with my sister and her kids and one sales person talked to us rudely because we had kids with us. Don't you know that moms are customers too!! Never coming back here. DO NOT SHOP HERE! Go to Sephora where everyone is friendly.
