1	What the "F" are you kidding me people??Please do not open a Restaurant/Bar unless you are ready to serve food and beer Pah leeze!! We thought we would try this place for lunch today & met some friends over there. The place was cute inside all fixed up & looked nothing like the previous tenant The Fishin Hole. There was a duo playing up on stage that sounded really good so we were off to a great start... Then it was all down hill from there!!!! We sat at the bar the server was nice enough but difficult to hear (not because of the music), she asked if we wanted a beer we said sure what do u have on tap...." Well we have 8 beers on tap but we are out of 6, we only have 2 dark beer available" I opted for Tea.  Then we ordered our meal. We Thought about getting the Prime Rib that was on special but the server told us it wouldn't be ready till after 3pm OK no biggie, so 3 of us decided to order the Pork Tenderloin Sandwich & 1 ordered the wings.  Server came back about 10 min later and stated they were out of Pork Sandwiches! Whatever... we then ordered burgers instead. My friend said to the server I want mine running on the plate I will stab it if I need to (meaning extra rare). My hubby got his mushroom Swiss burger first.... Really?? Mushroom straight from the jar not even sauteed ewwww!! Well 15 minutes later the rest of the food finally arrived, the pre pressed patties were overcooked and dry and the fries were cold my friend was less then thrilled. I will give props to the wings they were good quality wings done nice and crispy. Sorry people decent wings are not enough to make me return especially when so many other things were off! I wish you all the luck in the world running your new business it looks like a huge investment. Hope you will listen to the reviews as they come in & learn from them!
1	We heard that they served Prime Rib so off I went as I just love Prime Rib and the other special was Chicken Parm both great choices BUUUT at 6pm on Thursday night out of both specials and they bring us cold rolls and even colder butter. I ordered fruit with my meal out came fruit cocktail in heavy syrup what was that. I ordered the chicken fried steak and out came dog food, what a big let down,  I left and did not eat anything, also the salad was bitter lettus and the dressing all I can say is OMG.So sad  I was really excited about this place I feel for them and If they make it I will be very surprised!!!!  Also head male server very bad manners.
4	Roadhouse Cafe was a great place to hang out...Great live music and the saloon looked like out of the movie. The food was good and so was the waitstaff. Great place to go for a ride or a hang out time and enjoy a beer and good food.
5	My wife and I went in last Thursday to give this place a try.  I ordered a burger which is standard fare for me and she ordered some wings.  She told me the wings were outstanding with great flavor and my burger was pretty darn good as well.  The bun was fresh, the meat was cooked properly and hot and the toppings were crispy too.  The fries with my meal came out very hot and tasted great.  The server was very friendly and kept coming back to give us refills on our drinks.  All in all a great visit for us and we would definitely try it again when we are in the area.
3	I really do wish them luck in the Kitchen Food was edible but lukewarm , many choices on the new menu already crossed off. had the chop steak was ok. the wife and dad had the baked fish they both sent back cold and  rubbery, dad then got the fried but was cold, wife got chicken instead and she was happy. Cool place that has alot of potential. Server was nice but really not into her job tonight. maybe a rough day. Well give it another try hopefully they turn it around. Wish I could say better things.
1	Before I had the misfortune of eating at The Roadhouse I didn't think it was possible to screw up bacon. Bacon, I think we can all agree, is the greatest food ever. It makes everything it's paired with better. The Roadhouse served me soggy, odd tasting bacon that had me convinced that the name of the restaurant was The Roadkill Cafe. The coffee was flavored water. Our waitress ate her lunch just a few tables over while she served us. And even though French toast were on the menu, we were told we it was no longer available because not enough people order it. And they had just opened the doors.The Roadhouse is going for a "rough" look with the decor (kind of like Chipotle's), but it just looks un-finished and crappy. Until Rick, I do not wish them luck. These people should not be in the restaurant business. They should clean out septic tanks or deal in scrap metal or something where quality, customer service and cleanliness aren't important. The over/under on the date of The Roadhouses's demise I put at June 10.
2	The atmosphere was as expected so no disappointment there.  The wait staff was friendly and upbeat and gave menu suggestions.  I chose the chicken wings and my husband had a bacon cheeseburger.  The wings were small and dry...almost no sauce.  The little bit of sauce they did have had good flavor though.  The hamburger according to my husband was very good 1/3 lb with lots of french fries.Unless we are going with other people or for an event, we wont be back.
1	So i came to this place when it first opened and it was ok. Cheap beer made my trip worth it. My first experience with the food there was horrible. Waitress kept saying she was checking on the prime rib. finally did 30 min later and brought it out cold. My buddy ordered the patty melt and he straight looked at me and said "how in the hell do you mess this up". After 30 more min. Hells Angels walked in and that was our que to leave...We tried it again last night after vowing i would never return. Bartender was fast, and courteous, Karaoke was fun. But after being there for a hour, it got hot as hell because 3 out of the 7 fans in the bar were broken, then people around me were talking about how they couldn't believe the owner... They were Saying his wife had just left and how he was taking a female singer to a band he booked to his office to bang her out. This was coming from their "friends" and a couple employees..... This was pretty inappropriate for a owner to be doing in his establishment for everyone to know. Owner found out i knew and had a chat with me and bought me a beer. talking about how long he had been married and all... To be honest with you all. It was straight drama filled. complete ridiculousness... I will never step foot in that bar again. Stay away from this place if you wanna have a good time....... I'd rather watch paint dry.... with a beer in my hand of course.
1	Absolutely horrible, I ordered the green chile burger. They didn't have any salsa to put on the burger. I ordered the burger medium rare it was dried up and very burnt. The fries were way over cooked. The katsup was watered down. The soda was flat. Needless to say I will not be back.
