4	The lovely and wise Diane D invited me here, and based on the fact that she lived in Korea and confessed she's been eating here a couple times a week since it opened I was out the door in a flash, walking twenty minutes in the rain to climb the stairs to this  bit of delight on Parc Avenue. I was so so so not disappointed. The atmosphere is friendly and cool, with K-Pop rocking from a Youtube playlist on a flat screen tv behind the bar. The wait staff are cool and friendly as well, coming over the chat and offer my cute companion her "regular" with piles of sides. The room is not too brightly lit, casual and sparkling clean and oddly but endearingly decorated with a lot of red and black. Most importantly we're talking fresh inexpensive eats.  The kimchi pork stew was everything it should be, fresh ingredients, spicy, hot, and full of things designed to cure and sooth you. All together generally Chinge in that moment made the end of winter seem tasty and good.  I will be back for sure.
5	Great place to have Korean food!  Very reasonable price for food and drinks.  You can bring a group of friends or come and have a nice date here.  The decor is trendy and modern.  I really like the sweet n sour pork and yogurt soju for drinks.  Go chh chh Chingu!
5	Great Korean food, along with Korean songs. Really nice decoration too, and logical price :)
4	Tasty Korean food for a decent price made by a Korean lady who has never cooked in a restaurant before, just for family (but she's doing a great job).The pork-belly rolls stuffed with kimchi are a real treat and so is the beef stock and pork/veggie dumpling soup.And yes, there is sufficient amounts of K-pop, as there should be.
5	Found this restaurant while business travel for a month from the US. Their food was just awesome! every night I could really feel heart warming and am sure I will be missing their food and kindness...... tonight I had the picture food...oh..great!
5	Chingu is such a delicious and friendly place to eat! When I lived in Korea, bibimbap and kimchi chi-gae were my main meals, and Chingu serves them just right-- I feel like I'm right back in Chollabukdo. With these mainstay dishes, the differences between Korean restaurants tend to be only the freshness and abundance of the key ingredients. In these ways, Chingu provides better than anywhere else, plus has affordable prices! They also offer a broad menu of other tasty Korean treats (sweet and sour pork, sweet potato noodles with vegetables, spicy chicken cooked on a stone plate!)And the kimchi! They do it just right--tangy, tender, and deep red with spice--never orange from over-fermentation.Although I've been to Chingu with groups of people, and on my own, I think a table of 2-4 is best. The music is just the right volume, and the service is attentive and appropriate: you can focus on good conversation and sharing your delicious dishes.
5	OverallWe went to Chingu for a late dinner after a long day.  It was a great experience, and if you are a fan of good Korean food this place is worth a visit.FoodMy partner and I split the fried pork Mandoo as an appetizer, they were crispy and delicious and more than enough to share.  For dinner, she had the Dolsot Bibimbap which she said was delicious, and it was exactly what she was expecting.  I had the Bulgogi which was cooked to perfection.  Both dishes came with radish, kimchi, and pickled cabbage(?) in little side bowls, all of which were delightful.Decor / AtmosphereThe decor is nice, understated but interesting.  I was a little worried when we walked in, because two TVs were playing Korean pop videos and I didn't want it to be noisy, but actually it was kind of nice.  The music volume was soft enough to become background, and the videos were actually interesting and we ended up talking about how they were filmed which was fun.ServiceOur waitress was great.  She was fast, friendly, she kept our water filled (and we drank a lot of water) and was genuinely apologetic when they were out of vegetable Mandoo (our first choice of appetizer).  Great service.
5	Finally a Korean restaurant that seems to be run by Korean cooks and have a Korean waitress! She is very friendly and charming. The food is very good (for Montreal) and is in a good location in Mile End.
4	Good Stuff! Portions a bit small, but pretty tasty!
