2	The food was..................okay.We went there for lunch when they had just opened, they ran out of tea........I had the biggest "WTF?" face in my entire life at that moment.We were the only people there at the time and they couldn't come by once to refill our waters or check on us.My girlfriend wanted to sub spicy pork for beef cause she doesnt eat beef, and was willing ti pay additional money to make the change. We got a flat out "No." Almost got up to leave at that point, but we were hungry. I don't blame the service out of rude-ness, they just really don't have the slightest clue what they are doing.
4	Really missed the old Seoul Jung restaurant so when we heard that a new Korean restaurant opened in the same space we had to try it.The decor is the same.  We sat in our usual table with the BBQ grill built in.  The menu was drastically different but that was expected.  Prices were a bit on the high side.  Kalbi was $22.95 and Bulgoki was $15.95 for cook at the table.  We always get cook at the table as it just seems to taste better.Was quite impressed with the number of side dishes.  They had at least ten (and miso soup) which is above average for Korean places that I have been to.  The kimchi, eggplant and potato were our favorites.  The fishcake side was disappointing though.There was a problem with our table grill.  Couldn't get it to stay lit.  But they brought out a small portable unit and after a brief transition we were cooking.The amount of meat provided was better than expected.  We got two full large rib bones which is pretty good.  The two entree's were more than enough for three people and we had enough to take home.Sadly, no rice punch or oranges or even gum for an after meal cleanser.We will probably be back.  I think the Takamatsu on Elliot and Arizona Ave is just as good.
5	Fantastic!The side dishes were all fresh and tasty. Restaurant was clean, and service was very quick and friendly. Our food came quick, and was fresh and delicious. Dinner for three was under $50
5	So much better than previous restaurant, Seoul Jung. Fresh side dishes, friendly staff, and real korean food!I go there almost every Sunday
2	We were there for dinner on a Friday night.  It doesn't seem too busy.  We had waited at least 15 minutes before being seated.  The staffs were friendly especially if you're Korean, which we're not. .  The side dishes were small.   The foods took too long to be served. They had never asked if we wanted water.  Tea was served, but no refills.  Price: HighFood: Average, but had better Korean foodService: Average
4	We ate an early dinner here, there were just a few customers, food was very good! (bibimbop, kimchi, tempura, kimchi-chigae), prices were 1-2$ higher than I expected, but food quantity per item was slightly more than I expected.  The two korean waitresses were very nice and helpful. Overall, we had a good time and enjoyed our food!~enjoy!
2	I went for the all you can eat sushi that was advertised on the banner. However, I ended up just having a lunch special since I felt the all you can eat deal was over priced.While the food was fine I really felt like everything was overpriced.
5	What a great find!  We were actually looking for Takamatsu, and ended up here.  Nice banchan - love the sweet potato, the spicy kimchi and chewy sweet things that I think were anchovies and sour crunchy white shredded stuff that I think was cabbage.  I had the bibimbap with beef and my husband had the same but with raw fish.  Both incredibly tasty, with a ton of veggies.  Huge, too.  Very friendly service, and a nice atmosphere. Definitely putting this spot into the rotation!
2	This place is actually called (Seoul Korean Grill/BBQ)  Where do I begin...the meat was good quality and tasty, but was one of the smallest plates of meat I have ever seen in a Korean BBQ restaurant.  I have been to a lot of authentic Korean BBQ/Restaurants, but this was nowhere close.  When you leave a Korean restaurant, you are supposed to leave with a full stomach, I was still hungry.  Rice was a separate order...wtf is that shit.  One of the main reasons I am upset at this place is because they didn't have most of the appetizers or much of anything else available.  They had only a couple of beers to choose from (Japanese), even though the menu has about 7 imported beers.  I like Japanese beer, don't get me wrong, but come the fuck on, if you are a Korean BBQ restaurant...I expect to at least drink my native beer.  They should change their name, this is not a real Korean BBQ place.  I was wondering why nobody else was in the restaurant.  I believe this place is run by a bunch of kids, their parents would be so disappointed or at the very least Koreans, so embarrassing.  I will not be returning to this place.The only thing I did like about the place other than the meat quality was the doenjang/bean paste.
