3	Okay, I've gave this place a try two times. First time was great with the discount I received as a first time customer. You get a haircut, shampoo, chair massage, and hot face towel for about 20 bucks plus tip. The second time I went now that I moved to Las Vegas, and this is the closest place to get a guy's haircut. The lady that cut my hair didn't really know how to cut an Asian guys hair... I've was waiting in line in the lobby, and noticed they get a lot of Air Force guys coming in and getting a buzz cut like G.I Joe. Kinda reminds me when I used to go to my NEX (Navy Exchange barber shop inside the base when I was in the Navy).I was disappointed with my hair when I left. I asked for a trim off the top, but she cut my hair really short! I guess I'm spoiled because I used to go to Korean hair salons in Los Angeles to get my hair cuts lol.So for now, I'm still searching for a nice place to get a haircut as an Asian guy...
1	Extremely slow unprofessional and ghetto. Bad at cutting hair too go to the one at Decatur and 215 instead.
5	I have been coming here for the past two years come see Tay and Sarah. They are the best.
3	Went here last week and got a haircut by Laura. She did a great job and was very friendly. Sadlythis  review is not about that trip. I came in today with a friend of mine and the service was terrible, the stylist was rude to both my friend and other customers. She even insulted a customer for asking how many people were on the waiting list. If you choose to go here you may have an okay experience but dont let Sarah cut your hair.
5	Amazing service!!! Sarah is the only one in Las Vegas that we will let cut my husband's hair!!! She knows all the styles and has a great personality!! The store is clean and the customer service is amazing!!!!
5	Been going to sports clips for 2 years now and the employees are a fantastic group of human beings. I've never been unhappy with a haircut from there, protip, ask for Sarah and get the VIP treatment. Not only is she super awesome and nice but she gives the best head massage, it is super relaxing. Thanks for reading, have a wonderful day!!
