5	Oh boy, this is as good as it gets for takeout in Downtown Pittsburgh.  For $8.50 you get heaping portions of an entree over a bed of rice and a side salad.  They usually have around 8 different entree options with at least 2-3 vegetarian options.  Everything is spectacular, well seasoned and full of flavors.
5	Just wanted to update that they changed the menu around a bit and now you can get a Vegetarian entree w/ salad for $7.50.  I didn't think it could get any better!
5	great lunch spot (only open for lunch actually).  super fast, never actually seen an actual menu there.  you kind of just point and ask what they have and order.  fyi it's cash only.there's the typical gyro and chicken platters with salad.  and they usually have different dish specials.  usual cost for a plate is $8.50.  they have a pretty large selection of different meze (appetizer), but never tried any as the entree platters are a decent sized portion for lunch.definitely try the eggplant/lamb dish if they have it.
5	I tried a Turkish place in Houston.  Didn't like it.  But the food here, OMG. It's hard to figure out how to order - the menu, which consists of various platters each containing about three or four dishes - is posted on an out-of-the-way board opposite the food counter. That was annoying.  But the rotating salads are awesome, and the meat dishes just as good.
4	I love this joint. While the place is spartan, at best, the food is superb. The servers are friendly and it seems they have enough repeat business that they recognize others on sight. I've never had a qualm with the hygiene or service in this place.I usually get either the lamb or chicken schwarma (gyro) with bulgar rice and salad. The portion sizes are large enough to fill a person up. Occasionally, I'll get some crispy bits, which I love. The bulgar rice is great and the salad portion is large.Occasionally, I'll get one of the eggplant offerings, which are also delicious. The hummus is good as some of the other smaller offerings.This is a cash-only place, which is a bit of a bummer, but certainly not enough to prevent me from coming back.
5	Finally, my people (Turkish) have a restaurant in Pittsburgh!Went over on a whim. Walked in and found a menu scrawled in chalk on a board.  Wasn't too sure about that.Lamb gyro.  Nope. No lamb that day.  Okay, fine, chicken gyro.  I thought why not.  It came with a salad and a choice of rice or spiced bulgar.OMG.  Beyond heaven on earth.I don't know how they do that chicken. It looks like spiced chicken breasts are just stacked on a spit like gyro meat and they shave off chunks.  I do not know what they put on that chicken - I swear it is like crack cocaine, it was so addictive, I could not stop eating it. Moist and tender with a crunchy side from the flames.  The salad was quite simple - lettuce, carrots.  Simple mediterranean dressing.  The bulgar - same damn crack cocaine in it, it was excellent.  So glad I chose that over the rice.  They found out I was Turkish so they threw some samples in for me.  The stuffed grape leaves are rice only (boo hoo but I can live with it) but are made the right way with lemon and broth, very tender.  Many places forget the lemon and they are just bland but these are soooo very good.  They put a cold eggplant dish in there that was wonderful - it tasted much like a baba ganoush but it was chunky so not sure what it was but it was sooo very good.  I will be back again for lunch.  I hear from the vanpool riders that the chicken salad is the best deal in town.  And I am dying to know what I was eating!   Seems that they have lots of interesting "sides" you can add - they do veggie plates as well with different cold marinated/spiced sides.Only open for lunchtimes during the week so catch it for a quick takeout.BTW - portions are very large. I barely ate 1/2 of my lunch and was full. Took the rest home to DH and #1 son who split it and agreed it was quite good.Nice addition for those of us who enjoy good food at a reasonable price and don't want the chains.
4	For a good bit of time I went to Istanbul. It was a terrific alternative to your typical meals because frankly they offer a good bit of variety for an extremely low price. Need to know items:The chicken salad is your best bang for buck. Also fun fact, they marinate the chicken for 2 whole days prior to you seeing it, it's fantastic.If it's your first time there and you are a vegetarian or just prefer no meat that day, order a "cold plate" Then make sure to mention it's your first time. If you are lucky they will load up your plate till it weighs about 1-2 lbs. Yes, you will receive what is equivalent to a small child.It's a cash only place.You can eat at a small booth their but I don't recommend it. Either take it back you where you work or to EQT plaza outside on a nice day. Now you may be wondering, well Nick..why did you stop going? Great question. Well it became what some may call an "Addiction" so I decided to ease up on the ole Istanbul gas pedal. If you've never been, go. Hands down recommend it if you work in the city. Also as a bonus fact: Try and get there after 11:45 otherwise the chicken most likely won't be ready and you will in fact be like "dude why didn't you mention this"  Now you can't say that.
5	I've been here at least 10 times, but today put it over the top for me - and seeing as it's been long enough since I've reviewed something, Istanbul Grille deserves my re-inauguration to Yelp. I get the vegetarian plate. For $6. Everytime. All of their sides are vegetarian, so you can't go wrong - they also do meat on a spit for gyros, or chicken, or you can have it on a salad. The owner makes this amazing spicy sauce that is perfect on anything - I'm convinced. And if you're lucky to swing by on a day he's behind the counter, he'll happily give you a little taste of a few of his other specialties ... bulgar salad, chickpeas, lentils, babaganoush, bean salad, hummus, grape leaves ... and as he says, "it's not babganoush .... it's THE BEST babaganoush". P.S. Cash only, and some standing room to snack - don't complain, it keeps their costs down.
5	I work near by and eat here all the time.  There is usually a line around noon, so I try to go early or late.  The hot plate is always good and a ton of food.  Ordering your first time is a little bit strange since the menu is in the back out of sight until after you order.
4	Cold plate = awesome plate.  Chicken gyro plate = take-out container of marinated awesome.  You should go here for lunch.I have yet to try something here that I don't like.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is it's a bit disorganized, pricing seems somewhat scattered (thank God they finally have a menu...did it really need to take ~1 year?) and there's not an option to sit even if you wanted to...I hate eating at my desk (lunch = temporary freedom) and last I checked it's Pittsburgh, and outdoor dining is really only a good option ~20 days out of the year. (Okay, I know I'm exaggerating a bit...it's more like 10.)  Also, because I end up going cold plate a lot, I'm left hungry after a few hours...and $7 for a Mike & Tony's food coma draws me in like a fat kid to a box of donuts.
4	The owner is hilarious and the food will impress you, even if you're a huge Mediterranean cuisine aficionado (like I am.) Place is small and might be off-putting to more fancy-pants eaters, but I'm going to bet that you can't get fresher, more delicious Turkish food anywhere else in this town. But what do I know, I was just visiting.
5	This is probably the best lunch spot downtown.  Everything is under $10.  Get the salad or the meat plate with both lamb and chicken, and then proceed to give yourself a pat on the back.  Oh, and when they have the zucchini pancakes, get it.
5	This is always my go-to place for lunch downtown. Aside from the great food the owner is also hilarious. He often trolls his customers and regulars often play along with it much to the confusion of other new-comers. I've seen some people get actually offended over this, but I've seen many more come back to Istanbul again and again.The bulgar wheat is great, as is the hummus, gyro plates, and hot sauce. Prices are good and they give you a ton of food. I honestly don't think I've had anything here that I haven't liked. It should also be noted that this a cash-only establishment and it is take out only (save for some stand up places to eat). Overall, you aren't going to find better Turkish food in the city and quite honestly I don't think you'll find a better lunch at this price downtown either.
4	Mmmmmm... Meat plate.This place rocks. Fantastic Turkish meats (chicken and lamb) and a phenomenal selection of vegan sides. All for about $10 in a HUGE styrofoam container. Don't be fooled by the rough exterior, there are a bunch of sweethearts working inside. I presented myself as a newbie and they promptly made me a plate full of delicious goodies.The one piece of guidance I have is BE PATIENT! These guys know what they are doing and they make you wait on purpose so the meat is yummy (you've struck gold if you get a crispy piece).Oh, and bring cash.And get the hot sauce.I'm defiately going back.
5	This place is great.  I am a first-time visitor.  The food is delicious.  If you like middle eastern food, it is definitely a must try.  Although the food was great, the primary reason I am writing this review is treatment I got from the owner.  He had a great attitude and was joking with the customers.  When I went to pay, I tried to hand him a credit card because the sign on the door indicated that credit card was an acceptable form of payment.  Unfortunately, the credit card machine was broken.  I would have expected to have to forfeit my meal, but the owner simply said "You just pay next time."  I was shocked and offered to run to an ATM and come back.  But he refused and let me go on my way.  Couldn't have been nicer.  I definitely will return (to pay my bill obviously).  But honestly, if he was trying to let his food speak for itself to ensure my return, he definitely succeed there too.  I highly recommend this place to anyone.
5	Generous portions of yummy Turkish food for a great price.  It is cash only, so I must admit that I don't get here as often as I would like because I don't carry cash often.  There is a gentleman there who seems to be the owner or manager with long black hair who is very nice.  I will often just let him make me a mix of whatever he thinks is good that day and I have never been disappointed.  The salad that comes with every meal has fanstastic dressing as well.
5	Getting lunch downtown is not always enjoyable. With the same few mediocre chain restaurants glutting the market (Au Bon Pain, Subway, etc.) it's easy to fall in to a rut. Enter Istanbul Grille:The portions are generous. The prices are fair. The staff is friendly and personable. The food is excellent.I, too, tried to pay with a card my first time there and also was told I could pay next time. When I offered the cash I did have (a $5 bill) the guy behind the counter refused to take it so I just tossed it in the tip jar. That's how you build a loyal customer base.Note to first-timers: The ordering process is a little confusing so either go with someone who's been before (if you're the type who doesn't like seeming like a newbie around the regulars) or be prepared to ask a few questions. And try everything because it's all terrific.
5	If you love Mediterranean food or are in a mood to grab a takeout in downtown Pittsburgh, this is the place. As a vegetarian I love the cold-plate in which I can choose from amongst the assortment of dishes on display. My favorites are the spl hummus of the day, boiled n herbed beet, spinach n feta, flavored yogurt dips, grape leaves, tabouli ...(can go on and on). All these with their salad, rice and spicy sauce make a complete meal. The hot-plate has different vegetables everyday and the shawarma are really popular too.It's best to have this lunch under the sun in nearby parks or in the eating area near the UPMC tower.Note : Cash-only
4	Huge portions, good pricing, friendly service.  I really like this place.  No seating inside, but on a sunny day, great to pick up and sit in park next door.
4	Excellent food, just be aware those with a sensitive stomach. The staff are always interesting and quick to greet you. My favorite meal so far has been the lamb gyros. As others have said cash only. Worth a shot for lunch with large portions and a unique meal.
5	This is an amazing lunch spot.  I'm not normally a huge fan of middle-eastern/mediterranean food, but this place never disappoints.  Get the chicken and bulgar rice and point at a few side items. Expect a 15-20 minute wait during peak lunch hours, but it's always worth it.
5	Cash only! It's well worth the stop! The boy and I usually only go when it's nice outside since they really don't have anywhere to sit, so we usually sit outside next door in the EQT plaza. We get the hot veggie platter with some hot sauce and hummus (me, not the boy) and it is very good! YUM. The staff hackles the customers but I think that adds to the charm?
4	It's been some time since I first set foot into Istanbul Grille, and at this point, I feel like family in there.Josh (the owner) works his butt off and he's got his family backing him up.  However they do it is a mystery to me.  What I see as a jumbled mess of styrofoam containers and tongs, they see as a daily bob and weave of culinary delights.But here's the issue.  The meat has gone dry.  For real.  It saddens my soul.Word on the street is that there is more support going into the Lawrenceville location (or perhaps another location is opening) or the source of meat has changed.  I'm not exactly sure of the details, but the chicken I know and love is simply not the same.I guess I might be moving to the veggie plate... still delicious, but the loss of the chicken in the past week is simply heartbreaking.  Heartbreaking.
4	Wow, just wow - food was great!  I went in for a late lunch, I got there right before they were closing so they had run out of many of the hot plate dishes.  The guy behind the counter said he'd make me a cold plate with some different options so I said OK.  Cost was $6 - extremely reasonable for the amount of food that I received.  He gave me hummus, eggplant, carrot salad, bean salad, tomato salad all on top of salad!  I wasn't even sure what I was in the mood for when I went to grab some lunch, but I can confidently say that this hit the spot.  Everything was so flavorful - the standout dishes were the hummus, bean salad, and tomato salad.  Next time I'm going to get there earlier to try their hot foods.
3	This is a cool little spot, but just remember to bring cash and point to what you want to order. None of the food is labelled so unless you have sharp eyes, it is hard for a regular Pittsburgh guy to identify the food.I showed up at 1:30pm, and they were clearing down most of the food, so get there early if you want a hot meal.They usually have lines at lunch time, and the food is pretty good, so I'll likely be back.Another place serving similar food (but I think better quality and labeling) is Salonika's nearby at 133 6th heading towards the river from Liberty/Istanbul Grille.
4	this is my favorite lunch place downtown - tasty food, generous portions, friendly service and fair prices.  i always get the meat plate with varying sides.  the carrot salad is a standout.  it's true that you have to get there early when there's a line because they run out of food fast!
5	If there was ever a business that I would point out as a 'model' for other businesses to follow, Istanbul Grille would be it, hands down!First, their food is fresh, real, plentiful and absolutely delicious. Second, their prices are more than reasonable. And thirdly, and most importantly, their sense of customer service and 'hospitality' is as real and friendly as I have EVER seen in Pittsburgh - and they're from Turkey!I'd been to two of their other locations, first when they were on Centre Avenue, and then after they'd moved to Lawrenceville, and both times, the staff and owner were so incredibly friendly, and the food, even though they'd had kitchen limitations, came out as a home cooked Turkish meal that was outstanding.I tried the downtown lunch counter once after I'd started working downtown, and the thin and adorable guy behind the counter said 'first time?' I told him it was my first time at this location, and I ordered the 'meat' plate for the day. It came with their meat of the day, whatever is on the rotisserie (lamb or chicken) and he piled on the salads, the rice, some hummous, some hot sauce (which is more flavor than 'heat'), and a few other surprises. I don't even remember the price that day, but I had cash in my wallet, paid, and took it back to my office, and it was spectacular. But my second visit was even more amazing. I saw the credit card stickers on the door, and didn't have cash in my wallet. I ordered the meat plate with a little extra hummous, and when I got the food, I noticed they didn't seem to have a credit card terminal. I asked the owner if they took cards. He said 'We don't take anything. Not even money. The food is free.' I smiled but said 'Seriously' because I didn't have cash. He said 'Don't worry, just bring it when you can'. I thanked him profusely, and then ran to my co-worker who was buying dreck food at Subway and borrowed cash, and returned immediately.He looked at me when I walked in the door and said 'Why don't you listen to me? I didn't say run now, I said when you can!'  A lady, who I assume is his mom or aunt came over, and I asked what the total was, and she said 'ten'. I handed her the nine I'd borrowed from my friend, and reached for my wallet. 'That's good' she said. I insisted on giving her the other dollar from my wallet, and thanked them all again. And as I made my way to the door, the owner yelled out 'Hey! Get yourself a soda!' Oh, and did I mention there was a line of twenty people both times?I didn't take a soda, but I was so moved by their genuine realness, that there are no worries - if I have cash, I WILL be back.If some of the businesses serving up crap in town were this genuine and nice, I might spend money on their wares anyway. They should take a lesson from Istanbul.And Istanbul, along with remarkable friendliness, serves up remarkable food. Clearly, a win-win situation.An added bonus is that if you happen to be attracted to dark Middle-Eastern and Indian/Asian types, the line is almost TOTAL eye candy. I fell in love three times just waiting in line.No bull, just total yum - at Istanbul!
5	Regular lunch spot. Fantastic, fresh food that comes in unreal quantity. The owner and workers make you feel as though they have known you forever, very friendly and very welcoming. As far as I've seen it's cash only and if you don't plan to get it to go you can stand at the counters in the back. There is always a line during the time they are open but it is well worth the wait.
5	Yes, the way to my heart is with a free zucchini pancake! Along with consistently yummy chicken salads with white sauce & baba ghanouj & fast service at lunch rush. Takeout from Istanbul Grille makes lunch in my cubicle happy, not sad.
5	I'm tired of Chipotle now. It's time for something new. . .like Istanbul Grille. The man who waited on me - who I assume was the owner- was very warm friendly. He made me feel very welcomed and that was a big plus for me. For my meal, I chose a chicken salad along with three sides. The owner was very generous and gave me extra sides for no additional costs. I  had so much food that I couldn't even eat it all. I loved all the different vegetables and flavors. I wish Istanbul Grille was located in my neighborhood as I would go there to eat every week if I could. The food and service was great and I will definitely come here more frequently!
5	How do I love Josh + Susan? Let me count the ways! I feel incredibly lucky to work just across the street from Istanbul Grille. Fresh, delicious food. And it's not the same old stuff you see everywhere else. Josh is a master at preparing quality menus. The chicken is insane. Hands-down it's the most delicious chicken ever. And I've never met a side I didn't like. I even eat a paleo diet, and have never had a problem finding plenty to eat here...that's not easy to do elsewhere! Josh is warm and friendly, playfully flirting with his customers. And it works! I keep coming back, and sometimes I make plans in my head for us to run away together and he can feed me for the rest of time. :P  Even Susan has gotten in on his playfulness with the customers. The two of them together = dinner and a show!The way they run the business is top-notch. I've never left hungry, they are so super generous. And there have been many times I didn't have cash on me, and they've given me food anyway. I always pay them back. :)  They clearly care about their customers, they recognize and acknowledge their regulars, and enthusiastically embrace and welcome new customers, often showering them with free sides to introduce the variety of food they serve.Now if you'll excuse me, I'm off to design "i love josh" shirts. :)
5	Wow sooo good! Chicken was perfectly marinated, crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside without frying it. The salad had a homemade dressing in it that was excellent and light.even the rice was well seasoned, and you so rarely see small businesses that actually take the time to make a side like rice a star of the dish, and not just a side filler on the plate.
5	I can't get enough! I'm hooked...Obviously, because I keep dreaming about the flavorful food here! The first time I walked in I was pretty confused. I've never claimed to be an ethnic food expert, so looking at most of the food, I really had no clue what it was. But, the thing that helps me out is that I'll taste anything. It doesn't matter what it looks like, if it's food, I'm probably going to taste it. True fact.So the guy, who I'm assuming is an owner or manager of some sort is nice enough to help me out. That was pretty much the only option I had, to trust him, considering there's literally no menu. None. So he hooks me up with every single thing they have in their food bins. Seriously, Everything. I ate for days! But every single thing was incredible. I wish I could tell you what it all was... so to best sum it up... I believe I sampled bubba ganache, hummus, chickpea salad and cucumbers in some sort of marinade. What I'm certain I had was salad, rice, chicken, beets and grape leaves. Even the grape leaves were excellent. i feel like I hadn't found some solid leaves until I tasted these. i loved that I could taste the lemon. Just bursting with flavor!So he hooked me up for dinner, lunch and dinner again for $10 with a free drink! He said first time I get one free. i stopped in again today and had a solid meal, no surprise, and watched him give another first timer a free drink. I love great customer service!I'm hooked, for realz.
5	Im not going to rehash everyone elses reviews of this place....I just wanted to make sure I acknowledged the outstanding food I had here and thank my fellow yelpers for not steering me wrong on this place. I was in town for a conference and turned to yelp for ideas on food that was "local." The owner was a personality and I enjoyed all the stuff he put in my box...not sure what it all was, but I am sure it was all delicious.
5	Oh no, don't say its so!I've been meaning to get around to writing a review for Istanbul (it's one of my three go-to lunch staples when I need to be in-and-out), but I figured I'd eventually get around to it...   until today.For those of you who haven't heard, Josh has been given 30 days notice by his landlord that his lease will not be renewed.  Apparently Midland Towers wants to let the 7-11 expand into this space, which would result in the loss of one of this city's greatest lunch spots.Is Istanbul inconsistent?  Yes.  Does the price vary depending on who serves you and what mood they're in?  Yes.  Does that matter?  No.At no time have I ever been charged more than $10 for a standard Chicken Plate (chicken, wheat rice, salad).  What that represents is one of the best deals for a quality lunch in the city (sans Sree's and a few other discount offerings).  If you do yourself one favor for lunch, get your fill of this perfectly marinated, perfectly broiled (gyro style), perfectly shaved and crispy chicken breast.  Most times, the fiancee and I share just one of these massive boxes (see my photo), and we still end up stuffed.Josh goes out of his way to take care of his customers.  The regulars frequently get freebies and the newbies regularly get the star treatment.  Don't know what to get?  Let them know and they'll talk you though all of the hot and cold options (it can be a little overwhelming if you aren't familiar with the setup).My favorites include:Chicken plate (stated above)Chicken saladCold plate (slew of vegetarian cold salads)Must adds:Grape leavesHummusand by all means, whatever hot sauce concoction they whip up for the dayNo seating except for a two standing bars.  Most people, when the weather is nice, venture next door to EQT Park or similar.Lets hope the city rallies behind Istanbul (a few groups already have) and Josh gets to either keep his current spot or is provided an opportunity to expand somewhere else.
4	Loved it!  Very tasty, authentic, quick and generous servings.  My husband and I really enjoyed it and would recommend it -though we kinda hope less know about it so we can keep it to ourselves :)
1	This place is closed. please correct me, if I'm wrong.
5	Wow is this place adorable! The owners/family/employees are so nice, and it seems like the perfect type of family establishment. No menu, you just order a chicken salad, schwarma, chicken plate, meat plate, cold plate, etc and choose your items in the counter lineup. The chicken is so delicious, but they take some time to crisp it up more on the grill, so if you're in a rush you probably just want to get a cold plate or schwarma. Hummus is great, seasoning on the meat is great, hot sauce is great, tatziki is great. Cash only!
5	Jeeeesuuuus....is this place good! I don't have very many regrets in life, but if I had to pick one it would be that I didn't believe my wife when she told me months ago how excellent the food at Istanbul Grille was. In fact, it wasn't until I found out they were being forced to close that I stared eating here. Since then, I've made several trips. Usually I end up with the chicken dish, salad with hot dressing, and a bunch of other stuff that I just kind of point at and they shovel into my Styrofoam to go box. I'm never 100% sure what I'm going to pay either, or if I'll get some extras, but I do know I haven't left spending over $10 or without a sore shoulder from carrying the enormous portions the provide.If you haven't checked out Istanbul Grille, do yourself a favor and get down there before they're gone...also, let's say a prayer that when they are forced out, we find a new location for them close by.
5	A hidden gem in the Cultural District.  This place is packed with a line out the door by 11:45 and can be intimidating for rookies. There is no posted menu- but Josh (owner) will guide you through. Diners form a crazy line and shout out chicken salad, cold plate, hot plate, etc. and then proceed down the aisle of fresh, healthy, and delicious side options. I go for the hot chicken plate with "wheat rice."  This includes a heaping portion of their special salad (iceberg lettuce, oil, vinegar, and spices), rice, and chicken. Then comes the fun part- adding everything from hummus, to grape leaves, to tabouli.  All of this in a big (full) square styrofoam container, perfect to take next door to a little park area. If you have never been, say so!  Often the staff will create a yummy sampler that will have you coming back. The down side- cash only and crazy line. However, the staff is friendly, the food is amazing, and prices can't be beat. Unfortunately, they will soon be moving. Come and get it while you can and follow them to their new spot TBD.
5	The man who started it all, Josh, had to be THE friendliest restaurant/business owner I've ever me! He is very welcoming and dedicated not only to his business, but also to his customers. There is not a written menu listing, so you just go ahead and order what you'd like to eat "cafeteria" style. You'll get to pick from a wide range of sides including my ultimate favorite Mediterranean veggie dish: dolmades, humus, tabuleh salad, grilled eggplant in labneh yogurt just to name a few. You also have a meat-option (shawarma chicken) which was perfectly flavored!If I could, I would probably eat there every single time I craved Mediterranean cuisine. $10 gets you a full meal that you can take to go, and enjoy at the park right next door.
4	Had an AWESOME lunch at the Istanbul Grille.  It was our first time visiting, and they put together a "plate" of food for me that allowed us to sample many of the menu items.  They were able to accommodate my GF restrictions.  The hospitality we encountered as first time visitors from another City was beyond extravagant.  you can bet I'll be back - and Josh please bring your business to Cincinnati!!!
5	Today I was walking through the tunnel between the US Steel Tower and One Mellon Center and stopped in my tracks when I saw a small restaurant named Istanbul Grille.  I had not eaten lunch, just wanted to head home, and was going to catch the trolley to the 1st Ave. Garage.The owner saw me looking from outside the restaurant and invited me in and told me about the different foods and salads.  I said I'd have to come back and try his food and he OFFERED me a sample of his chicken plate from the day.  Not only that, he made up a takeout package for me of 4 or 5 salads, some hummus, stuffed grape leaf and then gave me a small container of his homemade hot sauce for my husband to try.  He refused my efforts to pay for this food, it was amazing to me.  I thanked him and took the goodies to eat later.The food was terrific!!  I make my own hummus, so I'm picky about it, but his was great!  There was a cucumber salad that was just perfect, mild and yummy.  I also loved the chickpea salad.I will be back for more, and soon!!  What a wonderful way to run a business.Every review I've read about Istanbul Grille has been positive, what a nice reputation this man and his restaurant have!!
5	Now, I've eaten at some great Mediterranean joints. Some fancy, some hole in the wall. But this place takes the cake (or Baklava if you have it).Two things make this place truly awesome (which is the basic expectation from places you go to eat) - the food and the people. It might be a small 'fast food' shop in the basement of a corporate tower, but boy the food is good. They probably have the most perfectly cooked, juicy chicken I have ever eaten at a place where I have to struggle to push my meal cost to two digits. Add to that the Bulgar rice, side salad and a plethora of traditional sides and veges, and you have meal that will blow you away (and make it hard to finish). The sauces (especially the home-made hot sauce - which I think is made fresh everyday) also are an excellent addition to the meal.The place is run by a family, and you are fed like you are part of the family (read it feels like a complete home cooked meal). The owner (Josh) is a wonderful guy - he cares more about you enjoying a satisfying meal, than taking your money for it. Multiple times he has told me to pay later if his CC machine doesn't work, and keeps throwing in free stuff all the time. Yes, this place doesn't have the best ambiance or even table service. Yes, this place has become a bit of a hole in the wall. Yes, this place runs out of food by 12:40 PM on most days. But, if you do manage to make it there on time and get your hands on a box full of delicious, you will leave leave happy and surely come back again.
