5	I was lucky enough to have a dessert platter from Benedict's at an event I was at in Scottsdale.  The chocolate chip cookies were incredible, and I would have the brownie-like chocolate cake every night if my pants had an elastic waist.
5	I'm grateful to Andy B. for writing the first review of Benedict's and talking about their outstanding desserts. I have been in several times for lunch and am completely impressed with everything. They've even turned an iced-tea cynic into an aficionado with their passion mango iced-tea. Great food, great environment (with sweeping views of the McDowell Mountains from the patio... that I may have embellished slightly) and great people. It's nice to find a place that has all three elements executed very well. They also do an outstanding breakfast / brunch on the weekends with some amazing options. I highly recommend a drive over to Dawn and Kelsey to check this place out.
4	Who let this fantastic local business into Chainland?  Honestly, I think the City of Phoenix zoning commission must've mistakenly thought Benedict's Cafe was going into CenPho when they approved their app; not Reach 11-ish.  Don't let the exterior fool you - walk inside that tiny space in the strip center anchored by Circle K and you'll immediately be transported to someplace altogether different.  So far we've tried the salads and sandwiches (tuna and chicken curry), and all have been better than excellent and made with the freshest of ingredients.  We usually get takeout, but they also have a couple of tables where we've seen people being served.  Staff looks to be all family, and are so friendly and helpful.  An update is in order here, though, because I have to try their breakfast.  They serve eggs benedict and crepes on Saturday and Sunday, and they look amazing.  Benedict's is a perfect lunch spot.  I'm saving that 5th star for what looks like will be an excellent breakfast too.
1	Just had the eggs benedict and a veggie omelet. Eggs benedict had absolutely no flavor, the muffin it was on was hard as a rock. The potatoes were old and cold. The omelet was for a two year old.  We're  headed home now to make something to eat. Wish we'd done that in the first place.
1	So after reading the reviews, my husband and I decided to go to Benedict's Cafe for Saturday brunch. To say that this place had great potential is an understatement. It may have been located in a Circle K strip mall, but going in, the cute decor, small tables and pastry place provided a nice (if not a bit cramped) environment. Walking in at around 11am, we clearly interrupted the counter waitress, the cook and his assistant who were sitting at the front table reading the newspaper. A slow morning at Benedict's perhaps? Regardless, the ambiance and the nice counter waitress made for a pleasant time.We asked what the counter waitress suggested. She said the eggs Benedict were the best and that the breakfast burritos were popular. My husband got the Benedict with a lemonade and I got a breakfast burrito and a decaf coffee. As we sat down, a steady stream of people came in, which bode well for the locally-owned business. Being a proud Phoenician, I love to see local businesses doing well.Well, the food came and let me just start by saying that it's hard to mess up a breakfast burrito. I mean (in this case), it's scrambled eggs, 2 strips of bacon, cheese and potatoes in a tortilla. It tasted just fine, however, it was evident that the only thing that was recently cooked were the eggs. The bacon was good, but cold and the potatoes were (in my estimation) cooked at 9am that morning - very cold and very old. The cheese couldn't melt because everything in the tortilla except for the eggs was cold! On the upside, the counter waitress had to make a fresh pot of decaf coffee and let me tell you,  it was probably one of the best cups of decaf coffee I have ever had.As another aside, if you call your place "Benedict's Cafe" you had better have an amazing eggs benedict, but it wasn't amazing. It was an overpriced ok try. Unlike other Benedicts, this one was on a drop biscuit -- a very hard and cold drop biscuit. The biscuit wasn't able to soak up the runny egg and just crumbled apart when touched making it very hard to eat. The holandaise was separated and flavorless. And considering the $10 price tag, WAY overpriced for what we were served. (my husband had a bit of indigestion afterward as well). As a side dish, once again, the cold and old potatoes made an appearance. I mention the potatoes again, because potatoes are so inexpensive and easy to fry up quickly, there is no reason ours were so substandard.Maybe the sandwiches (that don't have to be cooked) are better. The pastry case was only partially filled with danishes and muffins and a few cookies. I think that I was expecting more -- a local place like Galleo in McCormick Ranch.I really wanted to like this place. I really did, but I was so disappointed, I am not sure that I would give it another shot.
5	I love this quaint, small, cozy cafe.  I have been there many times for breakfast and lunch.  The breakfast egg's benedict are a marvelous change from the boring english muffin they are usually served on.  The flavor of the homemade biscuit is marvelous!  I have had the blueberry and chocolate pancakes that are to die for!  The lunch menu serves wonderfully fresh sandwiches and I especially love the tomato basil soup.  Well the peach mango iced tea is addictive I can tell you, the hint of fruit eliminates the need for a sweetener.  I have not been unhappy with any service or ingredient yet!  I will be a loyal fan forever!
5	I stumbled onto Benedict's one day while driving through north Scottsdale. I was so pleased with the variety of the menu that I've returned five times. The breakfasts are outstanding. I particularly enjoy the breakfast burrito and the blueberry pancakes. The staff is friendly and the service is excellent.  Benedict's homemade muffins and other pastry are special treats enjoyed by my office staff.  Recently, I used Benedict's to cater an office party. Everyone loved the food. This is a terrific restaurant. Great food and service at a very reasonable price. Try it. You'll enjoy it.
5	I was extremely satisfied with my trip to Benedicts.  I had the pleasure of being served by Dawn, the owner.  Let me just say that her little place is as charming as she is.  The atmosphere is great for a small gathering of friends or business associates.  I had the bacon burrito and thought it was delicious.  The eggs and filling were light, instead of the greasy, over seasoned experience you get from a lot of breakfast burritos.  We also got a sneak peak at an upcoming menu item, the "Egg in a Basket."  It was a very cute little creation :)After meeting Dawn and tasting her food, I'm excited about having her cater for me at a future event.
4	We yelped "brunch" and found this cute little place. After reading the reviews we decided to try it. (Plus I thought we'd hit everything in the neighborhood.) It's very small but quaint. The food was great, service was great and the portion size was perfect. Not too much, not too little. It seemed most stuff was ala carte so if you would like potatos just ask for a side. They also have a bakery case with tasty looking goodies and they cater. Worth checking out.
1	Sorry PAM (owner) but your place was terrible!!! My daughter had a so called cheese omelet (tiny tiny tiny tiny), it looked like something I was served on an airplane. The omelet consisted of one egg, maybe just maybe two very small eggs, paper thin deli ham (2 slices) little bit of finely shredded cheese, no toast, and a small side of dried out potatoes BTW the omelet was served on a plastic plate. To add insult they charged $7.95 for this. I had a egg and bacon breakfast burrito again very small, it was OK. Having read some of the other reviews me thinks that they are a sham by friends and relatives. This place is the worst!!!!
5	Great little hidden gem for breakfast, brunch or lunch.  Staff was very helpful and friendly and the prices were great.  Can't say enough good things about this place, just wished I had found it sooner.
5	A diamond in the rough. love this place.  I wept with joy when I discovered there was a non-chain alternative in the area that serves great coffee and great food. French roast + raspberry scone = happy out of towner who doesn't feel so out of town.
4	Great food, incredibly friendly service and a nice atmosphere..can't beat that! My daughter had the amazing lemon crepes and Belgian mocha which she said was the best iced mocha she has ever had. I agree..not too sweet just full of flavor which can also be said of the crepes.We had nice chats with some other clients which added a lot to the already sweet atmosphere.  We will return when back in the area for sure.The owner Dawn was delightful and I can't thank her enough for recommending the Musical Instrument Museum because it is a must see for visitors to Phoenix.
5	This tiny corner always delights with fresh and flavorful ingredients. Very personal touch. Feels like catering for one. Coffee always fresh... Love the yogurt parfait. Subtle sweetness with a surprise touch of cinnamon
3	So far, so good.I stopped here a couple of days ago - actually, I was getting gas and thought Benedict's looked cute.  I ordered their BLT (bacon extra crispy) on wheat instead of sourdough.  Bacon was perfect, nice nutty wheat bread, fresh lettuce / tomato, right amount of mayo - my only complaint is that they put honey mustard on the sandwich.  I also received a cold salad of black beans, onion & some kind of wheat and purchased a small bag of chips and their mango / peach iced tea.  I think it came out to $11 something which is a pretty good deal.  The salad had a nice flavor and I loved the iced tea.The pastry looked fantastic, I'll try that on my next trip.  Great parking but this place is tiny!!!!
5	I stopped at Benedict's again for a BLT.  It was fantastic.  I also grabbed a pecan / chocolate tart, it was really delicious and rich.
5	I bought a groupon for a cooking class at Benedict's Cafe and Catering. Once I started looking at the class schedule list I was really impressed by the variety of classes! My oh my what to choose?! Since knife skills is something I've been wanting to brush up on I decided on Knife Skills I. The class was scheduled from 3-7 on a Saturday afternoon. I showed up at 2:45 only to be told the class was moved to 4pm. Hmmmm I was a little annoyed as I drove quite a ways and didn't have time to drive back home and back to class. Dawn was so nice and apologetic though, offering me options for places to hang out until class time. I returned at 4 and Lisa was the chef teaching our knife class. She offered us tea, water or coffee and explained a few things about the kitchen. She started off explaining the basics of knife care ie) sharpening, honing, which cutting boards are better than others, etc. As this is the basics class we were going to learn how to make traditional cuts using a potato, celery, carrot, and onion. Lisa showed us the how-to and we followed along with opportunity to practice and ask questions. There were only 3 of us in the class which was a perfect size as we all stood around the work station together and could see what she was doing. The pace seemed to move well, and Lisa even made us an egg and veggie frittata to snack on. Great class, I'm very interested in returning for Knife Skills II!
4	Quaint little French cafe with indoor and and outdoor cafe eating, you feel like you are in Paris. Kelsey was our server, she was darling. Hubby and I both ordered eggs benedict, hince the name, it was really delicious. Will definitely come back
1	This place is super awkward. It is so so small with only about 3 tables inside and 3 tables outside. The menu looked good although smaller with only a handful of choices. I had a toddler with me and the bathroom was no where in site. I asked and was directed through the kitchen, the chef and the guy washing dishes to get to the bathroom. It was...awkward. I might try this place another time when I am without a kid- but it won't be the first choice on my list.
5	Wow!  What a great place to have a ice tea and great food.  Super neighborhood cafe.  So convenient to just pick up lunch or stay and chat.  I love it and the staff is super friendly and helpful. You just might find other businesses in the center equally friendly and neighborly.  Who would of thought.
4	Great local diner, Great service. Food came out fast even though the place was packed. Dining area was tight. Reminded me of the cruise. But the good news is that I loved my cruise. neighborhood hang out and tourist, this is a great place for breakfast.
5	I went one morning after craving some great breakfast food and i came across Benedict's Cafe on Yelp and figured i would give it a try because of the great reviews. Upon arrival Benedict's impressed me. It is a quaint little place with a few tables inside and a few outside, just enough to have everyone sit down and enjoy their food or an iced coffee/tea. We entered and they have great decor with a nice pastry display and lemon water for guests. The staff was wonderful, there was one employee who was there along with who i believed was the owner. She was extremely nice and accommodating making recommendations and helping in any way she could.As for the food, we orded the berry crepes, breakfast burrito, an order of fresh fruit and some iced coffee and tea. First off the french roast was outstanding some of the best coffee in the scottsdale area. The crepes were amazing with fresh strawberries and a light creme that was just the perfect mix to fill the crepe. The breakfast burrito was a great portion without being too filling but just the right size.The tortilla was fresh and lightly flaky and the rest of the burrito was filled with fresh eggs and it wasn't greasy yet it was still moist and delicious. The fruit was also fresh and delicious with a great variety of fruit. The other thing was that though they were small and somewhat busy they still brought out the food in a timely manor.Overall, this was an amazing find and i wil be going back often. I just hope they can handle all the people I will be recommending.
5	Quite yummy. Nice small place to have some breakfast.
5	Loving this place. The best Island Curry chicken Sandwich I have ever had, and did I mention the amazing lattes. They only have three flavors, vanilla bean, caramel and Belgium chocolate but they are all homemade in store and for fantastic. I cannot wait to try the crepes I have heard so many good things about them!
4	Had the breakfast burrito with bacon and it was wonderful.  Service was cheerful and attentive.  Small, quaint place- a rare find!
5	My husband now have our weekly breakfast at Benedict's after using a Yelp deal on a whim when we were hungry. Honestly, this is an example of how effective a daily deal (Groupon, Yelp, whatever) can be in generating repeat customers if you a truly a great business! The food is exceptional. The place is very, very small and it's obvious that they cater to their customers and that comes first. My kids love the crepes, hubby loves the breakfast burrito. The service is consistently attentive and fantastic. For a little tiny strip mall place in Scottdale/Phoenix, you absolutely cannot beat the quality of the food and experience!!
2	I went to Benedict's Cafe today with a friend when we were in search of a good place for brunch in North Phoenix. After seeing the latest article in Phoenix Magazine where it was mentioned as one of the top 369 delicious meals under $10 we thought we'd check it out. The place is super small in a CircleK strip mall. Really only seats 10 people inside. You have to order at a counter. Naturally, after reading the article we both ordered the weekend special - eggs Benedict on a tarragon biscuit with country potatoes. Shortly after we sat down the girl from the counter said they ran out of potatoes that were supposed to come with our dish. So, we each got a small side of fruit salad and 1 order of sourdough toast instead. One other guy at the next table had to select a different side too. But we were still optimistic the eggs Benedict would be good.  However, we were pretty disappointed. Although it was an edible dish it wouldn't bring either of us back. The eggs were over cooked, the hollandaise sauce was far too lemony and the tarragon biscuits, although very flavorful, were very hard and dry- especially around the edges. I ate all of mine (because I was starving) but my friend (whose eggs were cooked even more than mine) complained and they attempted to fix them. Instead of re-doing the presentation, they just re-did one of the eggs - which of course now was slightly undercooked with runny translucent egg white. So, sad to say i don't think I will be back. But hopefully they can step things up after the Phoenix Magazine article!
4	Great breakfast. Orange juice, coffee, and everything on menu is great quality and very good. Small place. Better for a couple or few people.
4	I've driven by this place a ton and finally decided to give it a try on a Saturday morning. It was a lot smaller than I expected, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. I still was able to get seated right away, with my girlfriend and I getting the last table. In all, the food was quite good and the service is attentive - how can they not be with this place being so "intimate." I'm looking forward to going back, especially for lunch to check out their sandwich selection.
5	This small, quaint and spectacular cafe is literally right across the street from us.  All it took was that first visit for it to become one of our faves and Sunday morning rituals.  Atmosphere and decor is very small and cozy, resembling a cafe or B&B in New England along Cape Cod or Nantucket.  Everything we have chosen from the menu is delicious, reminding us of our roots back east of comfort food with a gourmet twist.  If you like eggs benedict you have to try it.  The tarragon biscut and hollondaise makes it the best we've ever had!  The mocha latte is also divine with a good whollop of homemade whipped cream for a topper!
5	This is one of those hidden gems that you try when you're in the area.  The restaurant is a very small store in a little strip mall.  There are maybe 5 tables inside and out making it very limited in space.  Don't being a crowd or you might be standing!Once you walk in, however, you are greeted with wonderful smells from the bakery and a smiling owner.  The breakfast food is wonderful and I highly suggest going on the weekend and trying their eggs benedict and berry crepes.  Their benedict has homemade tarragon biscuits on the bottom which I love.  The crepes have a very light not too sweet cream and a wonderful berry topping that is refreshing and not overly filling.  We also brought home some scrumptious macaroons and scones that are worth a second visit as well!  In essence, wonderful neighborhood joint worthy of a stop!
5	Great little place.  Really good, fresh food.  On the weekend its all about the eggs Benedict. All of the employees are really friendly. Keep up the good work, Dawn and company!
4	Amazing!
5	Ask for the AZ Desert Bloom Honey.
5	Absolutely delicious food and first rate service.  Dawn was easy to work, gracious and prompt.  I recommend Benedict's for catering events and will most certainly use them again.
1	Had the 1/2 sandwich and soup. The soup was good, just not hot enough. The sandwiches were a joke. My wife had the vegie: grilled red pepper, raw red onion, raw zucchini, lettuce and tomato. Supposed to come with muenster cheese, they must have forgotten. My sandwich was the albacore tuna, okay, just didn't taste any of the other ingredients, like the water chestnuts.. The bread was super small sized, making for a small sandwich. The owner and the counter person didn't really seem to care about attempting customer service. Maybe the cafe is an afterthought to the catering business.
5	A local favorite, excellent food, excellent service.  Can't go wrong, love the bacon breakfast burrito and a cup of French Roast coffee.
5	Came here today for the first time. Tiny and quaint and DELICIOUS!! I had a breakfast burrito and cookies. YUM! Will definitely be coming back!
4	Eggs Benedict was awesome & the Hallah French toast was Delish!
2	I have been meaning to do this review since we went but needed the time to gather my thoughts correctly. I was SO excited to have breakfast at Benedict's, I had been reading their reviews on yelp and looking into their menu.  My husband and I went  and when we arrived we noticed that it was a very small place but cute. It took VERY long to be served. The food was VERY over priced for what we were served and the Service was terrible. I ordered the crepes there were two crepes filled with berries, they were okay but nothing special for like 8 or 9 bucks, because the crepes didn't come with anything I also ordered eggs and their signature Biscuits. Their biscuits are the only thing I would go back for, YUMMY(only reason it got 2 starts one for the biscuit ).  My husband who will almost eat anything ordered  a salad that had tuna salad chicken salad and egg salad, he barely ate any of it,he said there was not much flavor. We also went to Benedict's because of their pictures of their full pastry case and I have a LARGE sweet tooth, when we went there was NOTHING in the case besides cans of Soda. I was really disappointed with our experience and do not plan on going back.
5	My wife and I live right around the corner and decided it was time to stop in for one of their famous cinnamon buns.  Luckily the batch was fresh out of the oven and let me tell you the thing was phenomenal.  Moist, fluffy, warm and sweet.  I hope to return soon for another bun and to try their breakfast and lunch selections which look awesome.
5	Great brunch place good prices and awesome deserts! It's kind of small but I never have had trouble finding a seat
4	Really small place. I'd guess maybe 5 tables all together. The weather was really nice so we sat outside. I had the name-sake Eggs Benedict (they have a handful of varieties of them). It threw me off a little because it was on a biscuit instead of an english muffin but it was delicious. +1, would eat again.
5	Just brought home food and loved every bite. I have eaten here a few times, the first I forgot my glasses and was struggling  to read menu. The owner took her glasses off her head for me to use. Today I had my dog along for the ride and waitress brought him water and treated me as a dine in table instead of take out. Excellent customer service, well above and beyond!The food is cafe style, more specialized and amazing. If u r looking for a Denny's that gives u 5 items than go to Denny's. the eggs Benedict and omelet came w potatoes and r 2 die for. Not sure why someone would say the creeps were nothing special. I prefer these since they r light full of fresh fruit the raspberry sauce is fresh and crisp and they r perfect for summer. I have a new fave! Yes there r only 2 with no sides but that's sufficient. Why does anyone who is health conscience need 3+ sides? (Samantha)This place is small, cozy, not the mainstream Denny's style with excellent food. Love it and u will to unless The cruddy chain places is ur idea of great food!
4	First, this place is tiny but man was it cute.  We arrived just in time and grabbed one of the larger tables for our party of 5.  There was a party of 6 outside and all the small tables were taken up so this place was happening.  The employees were super nice and they are pet friendly as well.  As for the service, one of the members from our party didn't receive their food with the rest of us so they brought him out a little treat to keep him happy.  The crepes, three cheese omelet, the Benedict's benedict, Arizona benedict, and lox benedict were very tasty.  Overall, the portions were small, the prices were on the high side, but presentation and taste was great.
5	North Scottsdale is not a place known for its unique cafes and sense of community. In a city where big chain restaurants dominate the dining scene with mediocre food and impersonal service, small cafes like Benedict's are all-too-often overlooked. Other reviews have said it before, and I'll reiterate it: Benedict's is the absolute epitome of a diamond in the rough.I saw Benedict's listed on Yelp as being a cafe where I could grab brunch and coffee on my free weekend days. My first impression was that it was really small and personal, which I liked. It was tucked away next to a gas station in a rather cheap-looking row of shops with royal blue awnings. The first time I went there, I kept it simple: breakfast burrito with bacon and a french roast coffee. The eggs were freshly scrambled, the bacon was crisp and flavorful, and the coffee was freshly brewed and a perfect temperature.I've been back several times since, over the weekends and have tried their three cheese & herb omelet and the croissant sandwich, both of which were really good and really flavorful.The staff is what really makes this place worthy of 5 stars in my eyes. Every time I've been back, I swear they've gotten friendlier. It's one of those places where, if you go in more than twice, they'll recognize you. I haven't met the owner yet, but I've chatted with a couple of their other employees (I believe their names were Barbara and Callie) and every time, I am greeted like family. They go out of their way to make conversation and make you feel at home. I'm a fairly shy guy and when I go to Benedict's, I feel a little less shy because of how friendly everyone is there. When I go into Benedict's after not going in for a couple weeks, they've told me (on several occasions), "we haven't seen you in a while!" That, my friends, is what great service looks like.I hope that Benedict's can prosper and grow in a corporatized city like North Scottsdale. I hope that more folks in the Scottsdale area will give Benedict's a chance. It's a great little cafe and I will continue going back, as long as I live here.
4	Such a cute spot! brought my friends from out of town here, they absolutely loved it. Fresh. Flavorful. Unique. Y'all gotta taste the Eggs Benedict.
3	So when my party and I arrived here, we noticed how tiny the place was (not a bad thing), just a little advice to those who haven't been here don't bring a party of 6+ because this place is too tiny for that. However, it is a cute little place! We were greeted with smiles by the owner and her daughter (who is the spittin image of her mom) and were thoroughly explained the menu. The owner gave us some pastries on the house to try, a bear claw, which was delicious! I had the breakfast sandwich and my husband had the breakfast burrito. My egg sandwich was really good and the bread was delicious, however my husband was not impressed with his burrito. I even tried a bite and wasn't impressed. Overall this is a cute little family ran place with great pastries and good breakfast but is just a little too much of a drive for us to make a second trip.
4	Nice little breakfast place. Very small though (I think they do most of their work catering). I had the breakfast burrito and a cinnamon roll with coffee and it satisfied. The service was excellent.
5	Rarely do I find the inspiration to write a review but this place definitely inspired me. I typically don't expect a lot of flavor from most breakfast places - it's usually filling and not much in taste. We had the Benedict's Benedict and the French toast. The Benedict was served on a biscuit instead of muffin which was different but excellent. The french toast was excellent as well and the country potatoes which I'm almost never a fan of where spicy and full of taste. This is a true gem in the -254 despite its modest strip mall appearance.
4	this is a very small (3 two tops, and 2 three tops) breakfast spot. the food was good. the service was friendly. I just wish the menu had more egg-free options :)
5	This was a little place, much smaller than expected. Luckily, we went when it was not busy at all. We had trouble choosing what to eat for breakfast, we ended up splitting three entrees so we could taste all three. They were all good. We even took some desserts to go when we left. It is more expensive than I would spend for breakfast everyday but I definitely want to go back for brunch sometime.
3	This place is tiny.  We came on a Saturday morning for breakfast and there were 3 tables and one other couple eating.  The person that sat us looked like she may have also been the owner and there was only 1 other person in the back cooking.We both ordered the breakfast burrito, which was small and bland.  I did take home a fresh almond horn which I ate later and was pretty tasty.  Probably wont return since the original breakfast house is nearby and is awesome.
5	I liked the food. I ordered the food and ate the food and it was good food. I had egg on my face. Because I ordered eggs. Mmmm eggs. I like eggs when they are warm. Cold eggs make me grossed out to the max. This place restored my faith in not being grossed out to the max. Thanks guys for tasty food I could put in my face.
1	To sum up Benedict's in a word: limited. The menu. The seating. The portions. The pre-mixed breakfast burrito filling that can't be altered to order. The irony that eggs benedict isn't on the weekday menu. Because of this I'm limiting Benedict's to a single star.Response to Owner: Here's the rub Dawn. During my experience at Benedict's I asked that my burrito come sans onions and the response from an employee was "I'm sorry, we're not able to do that". So either your employees are misinformed, I was lied to, or you're calling me a liar. I'd love to know which one Dawn. At any rate, I'm sure your cafe does fine in Scottsdale, but living here in the Choice City we simply have different standards. Thanks for the shamelessly self promoting comment anyway. All the best.
4	My best friend and I finally got around to trying out Benedict's last weekend. Benedict's is a small quaint cafe that also offers cooking classes. The eggs benedict is what drew us in as it is a breakfast dish favorite. We both decided on the California benedict that was served on sourdough bread instead of a traditional English muffin. The poached eggs were cooked perfectly which isn't always the case when I order a benedict. We both thoroughly enjoyed our eggs benedicts and thought the prosciutto was a nice touch combined with the tomato and avocado. I was also very excited that they had a pumpkin spice latte as pumpkin season is my favorite. It was delicious and very comparable to Starbucks which I was quite impressed by. I did purchase the deal on Yelp and was able to use it right then which was a nice little savings. The two gals that run the place were really nice and friendly. My only critique would be that the service could be improved. Our server forgot our water and when it came time to pay we waited a while with our cards on the bill and eventually had to go inside to get their attention. All in all it was a good experience and we will go back.
4	It's a very tiny, cute little cafe with great and friendly staff.  The omelet was fluffy and delicious with the perfect cut sized ingredients.  The portions were generous and our lattes were really good.  Our breakfast burrito was huge and was good.  Like other viewers wrote, menu is very limited and I actually wanted crepes but they didn't have it.
3	Cute cafe, pretty small, 4 or so tables inside and a few outside on patio. I'm a huge eggs Benedict fan, they serve it on a muffin (not English muffin) which was a little weird. The egg, ham, and Hollandaise was yummy though. I would go back, but wouldn't order the eggs Benedict.
5	Amazing French toast! It's refreshing to find a small cafe that still cares about the quality of there food. Everyone in my party couldn't help share with each other, hoping to brag about how good their choice was, but everyone's food was just as amazing as the other's. Even Gabe ended up sharing some of his burro! Haha can't wait to try more
4	This is a small place and so expect to be waiting for some time if they are busy (which they usually are). The food is excellent but we would have walked out happier customers if the owner would not have created a ruckus over the Yelp deal we were trying to use. She claimed it had one coupon per table in fine print, wherein nothing of that sort was implied in the deal. The waiter who served us finally helped us use our Yelp coupons and we rewarded her handsomely for her effort.
5	Benedict's is a charming, local cafe that is both welcoming and intimate. I came with my boyfriend and were greeted by Barbara and dawn as if we were regular customers. The croissant sandwich and Barbara omelette were both delicious and perfectly portioned. We will definitely be coming back and urge everyone to visit, you will not be disappointed.
5	Cutest little cafe tucked away in a small strip mall. Barbara and Dawn were very helpful and so nice. My boyfriend and I like to try different spots for brunch on Sundays and this place is definitely a place we will come back to again and again. I got the croissant sandwich and my boyfriend got the Barbara omelet. Both were so tasty and perfectly portioned. I would HIGHLY recommend this cute cafe!
4	I pulled into a Circle K parking lot and immediately thought "food poisoning is upon me." My experience quickly proved that thought wrong. Benedict's is a quaint bakery/ cafe in the middle of the suburbs. Clean, modern but not cold, great food and excellent service. Our waitress gave off a "cool mom" vibe and was attentive without being overbearing. I ordered the lemon poppy seed muffin and a fruit and yogurt parfait. Both were above average. The muffin was warm, crunchy on top and moist in the middle. Yogurt tasted homemade and had a hint of vanilla bean. The almond granola is made locally and tastes delicious. Definitely worth a return visit.
1	This place is extremely small. 4 tables in the entire place. We had to sit outside at 1 of the two tables. We eventually moved inside once a few people left, which was extremely uncomfortable. Let's move on to the food... I ordered a bacon breakfast burrito and added squash. We also ordered a burrito with sausage and a bacon omelet. The server came back and told us they were out of sausage so we switched it to ham. He then came back and told us they were out of flour tortillas. So we switched it to wheat.During the time between ordering food and getting it I ordered a coffee as well as my friend. We never got it... Our portions were honestly embarrassing. My burrito was so small. No side. The omelet was the same. We never saw our server again. The staff was rude and complaining to each other. We will not be returning.
3	Food is good.  Hours are weird.  Minimal seating available.  I'd say probably 4 stars for catering, somewhere between 3 and 4 for dine-in.  I have a gift certificate that I've not rallied enough enthusiasm for the place to drive down there to use since I can't get the wife to go back.
5	We were in town for a wedding and wanted to find a small place to visit and eat some amazing food.  We found Benedict's through a Yelp search.The iced coffee is good.  The breakfast potatoes were A-mazing! We both ordered the lox Benedict.  Absolutely yummy in my tummy.  The service was great.  The bakery chef came out and offered us samples.  Everything tastes great and they are so nice here.  They also offer cooking classes.There are only about four to five tables, so be sure to go early or call them for availability.  I do believe they mainly focus on catering.
3	Food was good.  I got a Bacon and cheddar omelet.  It was descent but not excellent.  Your paying for the small cozy atmosphere.
5	Wanted to try a new little "local business" breakfast place on the way to Barrett Jackson.  Found this on Yelp.  The location is tucked away in a business park - but what a fantastic find! The food was amazing.  They were happy to accommodate 'sauce on the side' and 'dry toast' etc.  Lots of water and juice/coffee refills.  Menu isn't huge but everything was extremely FLAVORFUL.  Would definitely return.  Our waitress "Kaylee" (sp??) was delightful.  Super friendly.  Busy - definitely a  local spot - but we were treated just as well as the "familiars" - would ABSOLUTELY return to support this small business over the large chain breakfast joints.  Great Job guys!
4	Good food, nice place, extremely small!  The food was terrific and home-made & just-made, but with enough of a twist in recipes and presentation that you it's worth it.  The coffee is relish, too. Heading to use the restroom will take you through the kitchen and that was immaculately clean.
4	Very small but the food is good and I love the coffee they use
4	Good food. Cute place. The potatoes were 'slightly' undercooked but still good. The grape jelly was delicious.  I want to try their Chicken Salad sandwich so I will for sure go back and try that.
3	Food was good but don't expect many extras.  When you order a breakfast burrito, that is exactly what you get.  No side of hashbrowns, or fruit, or anything else.  Same with breakfast croissant sandwich.  But, if you don't plan to have left-overs to take home, the single portion seemed almost enough for a "normal" size breakfast.  Drinks were pretty overpriced - $2.50 for plain hot tea seems a bit steep.  Service was decent.
4	Benedict's is a tiny neighborhood place open for breakfast and lunch. They have about 4 little tables inside and the same outside in front. We were hungry after a morning hike and waited about 5 min for a table. We each ordered an omelet. The service was friendly, but the wait for our food was very long. The kitchen staff obviously couldn't keep up the Sunday we were there. Our server brought us a slice of delicious coffee cake while we waited which was a nice gesture. The omelets were good, but we felt were overpriced at $9. We took advantage of their yelp deal which made it a better value. I'd like to try Benedict's again on a weekday when it's hopefully not as busy.
2	Nice folks but too small and most importantly the food was eh. Super salty biscuit on the benedict with cold potatoes. Also you get charged for coffee refills so make sure you don't get another cup at $2 a pop!
4	This is a nice quiet place with the friendliest staff I have encountered in a while. The food is good and they even made accommodations on the menu because I couldn't decide between. The the French toast or blueberry pancakes so gave me both. Espresso for 1$ is worth the money and the challah egg sandwich decent sized and prepared well. The pics match the actual portion sizes. Should eat here for nice breakfast or quick brunch. Will be back soon.
4	Interesting little cafe tucked in the back of an otherwise ordinary shopping center. The eggs Benedict was delicious, fruit was fresh, service was...okay.  I think the waiter was new, but it wasn't a big deal.  The food came out right and everyone really liked what they got. Final note, As we were getting up to leave, they were bussing the table when some coffee fell on one of the girls I was with. They were very apologetic and even offered her cash for any dry cleaning (which she rejected), accidents happen and they did the right thing.
5	This is the kind of place that exists because people like us support local businesses. I was driving along looking for a different restaurant for breakfast when I spotted Benedict's at the intersection. My brain and stomach decided this was the spot. And once again, my instincts were correct. This place has been around for 10 years or so in the catering realm and only a few years with the little storefront restaurant. They make everything from scratch. And while they have a very limited breakfast menu (homemade quiche, omelets, croissant sandwich, oatmeal and one or two other things) I can only tell you that the coffee cake is very good warm and the croissant sandwich rocks. I happened to roll in when they were baking some fresh croissants. So when I learned that, I decided to wait the 15 minutes for the croissant. I sipped on some wonderful Mexican coffee that I wanted to swim in it was so good. Finally, the sandwich was ready. Two fluffy, scrambled eggs, chefs, roasted tomato, bacon (which I had the first day and sausage the second day) and home made pesto sauce. Outstandingly crunch, fluffy and tastilicious that I honestly did not want the sandwich eating to end. But it did. And you better believe I scraped up every little bit of flaky croissant goodness that was left on the plate. Once again, this is a place that I will return to when I come back to Phoenix next year for my week or so of work. And if you are a local in Phoenix, get these guys to cater your affair. You'd be a superstar.
5	Awesome food. Fresh and delicious. Our son loves the pancakes. This is a genuine local joint where they remember your name, remember your favorites and always treat you like family.
5	This place is way better than expected. I would normally not even consider a restaurant which shares a parKing lot with Circle K. Pros: Very tasty food. Great spice on the potatoes, Belgian chocolate pancakes very rich chocolate and super light and fluffy pancakes were a great combo. Sourdough bread for the California Benedict was huge. Service was very fast and friendly. They use Passport iced tea and brew it with no bitterness.Cons: not much seating, view of Circle K kind of sucks.II WILL be back!
4	I really enjoy coming here for breakfast. The service is really nice and fast and the food is good. I got the omelet egg breakfast with a side of bacon and my boyfriend got the breakfast, which we both loved. We're definitely coming back for another Saturday brunch.
4	This tiny place has a very "classy" feel inside. The music is very relaxing. I recommend calling first to see how busy it is. This place is very small and i think it could get crowded sometimes.  It smells like breakfast on a holiday morning. Service is very good and very friendly. The menu looks awesome. It is a little pricey but this isn't a McDonald's. Everything is mostly under 10 dollars. The french toast is killer. You get two huge pieces of bread with ripe fresh strawberries on them and powder sugar. I gave four stars because my brother got a burrito and said it was just "ehh". I recommend it though!
2	Very disappointing experience.  Only 7 tables inside and out. Tiny restaurant. At first it looked like a local gem. We sat at a table for two & 4 other tables already had their food. No one else was there. We ordered a big breakfast & had about an hour before we needed to be somewhere. 30 min later we still didn't have our breakfast & a few more groups had been seated while we were waiting. Another couple, who got there 20 min after we did, got their food. When we asked our waiter, he admitted that they had forgotten our order. Um, we were the ONLY ones ordering at the time. How was that possible? The owner/mgr had been schmoozing a couple at the other table but didn't notice we still didn't have our food. When our food finally came out, about 40 min later, they had the order wrong for part of it. The owner/mgr was unapologetic but offered to recook that part of our meal. We'd already waited 40 min & were short on time & said no. They comp'd the incorrect order but clearly had not planned on any mea culpa for completely forgetting our order. Won't go back.
4	My mom and I tried this place out on Saturday morning. The place was PACKED and small but we were seated very quickly and there was no wait for a table (I think they were doing quite a bit of "to-go" service).The prices are about $10/dish (they charge for extras so it can be closer to $15). I ordered a breakfast burrito (yummy!) and my mom  ordered the eggs benedict with lox (she would have liked more lox). The dishes don't come with any sides like hash browns or fruit (it is a small business) but the mains were filling enough and we both felt satisfied. I'm not gonna lie though, we both felt a small sense of disappointment when our dishes came out at first-pretty but small servings :PThe service was AWESOME. Our server was attentive and sweet and completely on top of what she was doing. We were super impressed with the customer service skills of all the employees. At the end of our meal, we were given these adorable cookie packs as a courtesy dessert (had sugar cookies and macaroons). I tried the macaroons at home and they are TO DIE FOR!Good food, good service, good time was had :)
5	Fantastic food!  We had the quiche and croissant breakfast sandwich. Both were outstanding and ample portion sizes. The place is very small and quaint. The crust on the quiche was to die for!  It was the perfect flakey crust you expect out of a quiche.
4	Very good Mexican spice coffee, the prices are a little on the high side but worth it when you get fresh ingredients in all the food!
4	This place is close to being great. The food is very good and the location is perfect. We live in the neighborhood so we walk over from time to time.The only downside is the service. Don't get me wrong, the people are awesome but everything is a bit slow and attention is not always paid.That being said, the food makes up for it.They have multiple different "Benedicts" all of which are delicious. They also make a great breakfast burrito. Add in great coffee and this is a great little brunch spot.Looking forward to it again this weekend!
4	Great food!!Literally a 'hole in the wall' feel. Highly recommend to those bruncher's in Phoenix in seek of the perfect Saturday AM break.
5	Great breakfast place I just went because my coffee pot was broken to get a coffee. My husband and I decided to go back for breakfast. I had the crepes today but I can't wait to go back to try the eggs benedict or grilled cheese sandwich with brie. The coffee was delicious as well. Don't let the strip mall appearance fool you this place has a very upscale menu and the service was excellent.
4	Found this place on yelp.  Was pleasantly surprised.  People weren't kidding when they said seating is limited.  Wow.  No customers were there when we arrived at 9:30am on Sunday.  Waiter said we just missed the rush.  I had the "Benedict" Benedict and my hubby had the American breakfast.  Wow were both good!  The tarragon biscuit that my bene was in was fantastic.  Everything was spot on.  Will retun!
4	Simply put.... The food is delicious! The prices were great! The quiche was excellent! I will definitely be back.... But don't bring too many people, it's a small cozy setting. A new fav....
5	Being a yelper.. I found this place on yelp.. It  had quite a few reviews so I thought we'd give it a try on this sunny Sunday morn. Trying to avoid large crowds and literally this was the perfect spot! This place couldn't have been any smaller.. Worry none about the size. This food is big on taste. Everything was made fresh the OJ was soo sweet, my husband said it was the best coffee he'd ever had.. I had the Challah French Toast I asked for a side of peanut butter and it came with fresh strawberries.  Needless to say I over raved and halfway through my meal hubby and I switched plates.. so I got to enjoy the sausage omlet as well.  I hope the owners of this place expand soon because the only problem I can see is not having proper accommodations to host the patrons.   The wait staff was amazing and if I lived in Scottsdale I'd be here every weekend. I'd recommend this quaint little place for sure:) Yummy for the tummy..
4	What a great little surprise this place was. In a strip mall with a small sign, this place is big on charm and the food was way better than you would expect. We had the breakfast burrito and the croissant sandwich w/pesto. Both were out of this world. There are only ~4 small tables inside and another 4 outside, so space is very limited. Don't miss this place if you live n. Phoenix and are looking for a chill little place with great food.
3	Left the movies and was hungry, looked for somewhere nearby new via Yelp so I stopped by Benedict's .  Small cafe and catering shop.  Inside seats maybe 12 people,  outside seats about another 10-12. Ordered the #1 which was their Eggs Benedict and since I checked in on Yelp I received a free Ice Tea.  It was fresh brewed so I did have to ask for more ice as when it was served there was very little ice left in the take-a-way plastic cup.  My Benedict was good.  I've only had them once before at St Francis in Phx.  These came served over a nicely crunchy tarragon biscuit and I chose potatoes as a side.   I think this style of potatoes is known as home fries? Or country potatoes.  Overall I enjoyed my dish.  I don't live anywhere near here so it'll probably just be a one time stop.  But If I ever am in this area again I may pop in.
3	3.5 stars.  Took advantage of yelp deals.  Solid and quick, smallish breakfast cafe. Friendly staff and great service.  Outdoor seating, tho in a strip mall parking lot (this might be standard in Scottsdale, not sure).  My group loved the cheesy omelet and the California benedict, and also enjoyed the eggs and lox and the croissant sandwich.  I noticed that many of the egg dishes were served on a very basic, average sourdough bread.  With a bakery/kitchen in back, why not serve them on croissants or biscuits?
4	Cute small breakfast place! No wait when we got there. It was really good. I got the quiche and my wife got one of the benedicts (california i think). The quiche was good, I really liked the benedict though. The benedict actually is predominant in my mind more than my quiche. Anyways. If you want to know if i'd be back.. definitely would be. Its a cute place to go grab a coffee, and have breakfast/brunch with a SMALL group of friends. It's worth waiting for, and if you can't wait order to go. Problem solved :)
5	What an awesome hole in the wall mom and pops lookin shop. I work nearby and had to try this little place out. Very small catering business that packs a HUGE punch. Food is excellent! Me and a friend ordered breakfast burritos and it was incredibly fresh and delicious. They have some outside seats, and a couple small tables inside. It's very personable so bring 1 or 2 people. Not good for groups to visit, but bring the catering to your group. Highly recommend. Go here and try it
2	The food was ok but the service was terrible. I came here because of their high yelp rating but it did not meet my expectations.
4	The perfect spot for a weekend breakfast. Small and cute with plenty of delicious options. My husband got the berry crepes which were light and fresh and I got the lox open sandwich. Iced coffee had a cinnamon hint and I didn't need any sweetener. Potatoes had nice seasoning and cooked perfectly. Ordered a side of bacon to split and half was the way my husband likes, floppy and the other half had a crisp like I like. It's like they knew! Nice, friendly staff. Only open on Saturday and Sunday during the summer.
4	This neighborhood cafe lives up to it's reputation. I think we've found our new weekend breakfast spot! The coffee is good, the food is great,  and the cozy feel and personal touch make you want to be a regular. We will be working our way through the menu, for sure. So far, the crepes are light and delicious, the Mexican iced coffee is refreshing, and my husband was pleasantly surprised with the flavor of the prosciutto in the California Benedict. Definitely worth waiting for a table if necessary...even an outside table!
5	We went here this morning after a boot camp workout and it was exactly what we needed to fill us up.My husband had a cappuccino and the florentine benedict, I had a salted caramel cappuccino and the burrito with bacon and veggies added.We both really enjoyed our food & coffees.  Tasty, simple, priced well.  Our entire bill was like $26.The people working were super friendly.It is extremely small, but based upon the French-style decor I noticed, I think it's supposed to be like a small cafe that you would find in Europe, so just know it's not a place you're probably going to hang out at for an extended period of time and smaller groups will fit better.  You order at a counter and then find a spot to sit (there are about 5 tables inside and a handful outside).It'd be a great spot to pop in and grab a coffee/pastry on the go if you're looking for that instead of a sit down meal as well.I'd go back if in the area. My husband is more likely to go back since it is near his office.It is next to Circle K, but quite honestly, we have so many businesses/restaurants in strip malls around this state that it didn't bother me at all and I didn't notice a ton of traffic going to/from the gas station either.
3	Pretty darn good. I'd say 3.5 stars to be fair. Came here on a Saturday morning for breakfast. Food was reasonably priced and tasted pretty good. Service was very friendly.  Only downfall was the wait. It took half an hour to get our food and there are only 5 tables in the place so efficiency is not their strength. Other than the slow service i recommend trying this one out.
4	Fantastic breakfast and brunch place. My wife and I go there a lot and are never disappointed. I high recommend it. The seating arrangement is slim, but the food is worth it. They also do to go orders.
2	Consistency eludes this place.  First two trips were pretty good.  My third and final trip was so awful I will never return.  When you walk in you don't know whether to order at the front, seat yourself, wait to be seated?  The tarragon biscuits are awesome except some are awesome and some are crackers.  My partner had a creamy beautiful hollandaise and mine was a clumpy coagulated mess.  Emailed the owner...nothing.  Good luck with the catering business.
4	Usually I would just drive on by since it's hidden in a strip mall with a gas station and a dry cleaner but oh I'm so happy we didn't. The menu keeps to the basics - a few benedict's, omelets and of course a breakfast burrito and in keeping it short they really do a delicious job on what they focus on. I love the cheese and herb omelet. The potatoes are well spiced. The nice thing about this place is portions are small so you don't leave breakfast hating yourself for the rest of the day. Only drawback- there's only ~5 inside tables  but if you find yourself waiting, it'll be worth it.
5	Perfectly poached eggs & a savory tarragon biscuit are a match made in heaven. As an Eggs Benedict connoisseur I highly recommend Benedict's Cafe!!
5	This is a very small place with excellent food. My extraordinarily picky wife commented that this is the only place she's had a veggie omelet that had perfectly seasoned vegetables. We continue our trend of finding awesome places far from home.
5	Tiny local place, easy to miss, but don't. Staff is friendly, food is limited but very good. Breakfast/ brunch/ lunch only.  The $10 for $16 was a surprise bonus.
5	great quaint little setup.food and service were great. enjoyed the personal interaction and food tasted great. will be making it a monthly trip with the wife :)
5	While I have been to Benedict's for breakfast - which is very good - this review is for their catering service.  I used them to cater breakfast and lunch for a business meeting and could not have been more pleased with the service and food.  I even had a last minute change which they accommodated with no issues.  The food was outstanding!  Service was right on time.  100% recommend them for your catering needs!
4	Ate here for the first time today. This place would be the premier breakfast spot in Phoenix IF they had decent service and a better atmosphere. I realize it's actually a catering company with a small store front, but it could be HUGE in this town. It blew away Butterfields, Scramble, Snooze, etc. The quality of the food was outstanding but the service was non-existent.
5	Very small and hard to find, but the food and the waitstaff were excellent. They offered two coffee roasts, my wife liked the. Mexican and I liked the French roast. We both had Benedict's. Hers was with smoked salmon which she said was really good. I got their Florentine Benedict with spinach and mushrooms over their tarragon biscuit, but I added Canadian bacon. One of the best, if not the best, eggs Benedict I have ever had.
2	I liked this place. It's locally owned and very small. Tables are squeezed in. When we were there it was busy and we were not in a hurry. Okay. First we waited in line to order then we were told to sit down and someone will take our order. Okay. Then we were forgotten. Oops! I had to go back up to the counter to order. I was told to wait. Okay. Then she forgot me again. Finally she remembered me as I stood at the counter for another 10 mins (about 40 mins later) was not apologetic a bit brisk in fact. Okay. Then I showed her my check in offer from Yelp and her mouth formed into a small "o". After that, not surprisingly, service improved. Oops!  Too late!!!
4	Eating at Benedict's made me feel like having brunch at my favorite aunt's house. The place was homey, the service was warm and the food was comforting. The place was small and only had a few small tables. There were some tables outside that offered seating for larger groups. I can easily understand if it would take a while to get a table on a busy day. Good thing (or unfortunately) we got to Benedict's a little past lunch already. We immediately got a table and we were greeted as soon as we went through the door. I don't think they have a lot of servers. Take note of this when you visit this place when it's busy. I would think everyone would scramble to make sure everyone is helped and taken cared of. As I've written, the place felt like home, even my own mom or aunt would have a hard time managing several guest at one time.The service was hands-on. The lady who served us during our visit was very warm. She was engaging and very friendly. Again, like what I wrote, she was just like my favorite aunt. I did have some concerns, else I would have rated this with 5 stars. I ordered 3 items from their menu that were not available. Thus, why coming here late might be a disadvantage. They ran out of fruit for the crepe, challah bread for the french toast and avocado for the California eggs Benedict. Would have been nice to try it out. Maybe i'll come in early the next time so I get to try what I want.The food that were served to us was very good. Let me correct that, it was very good. It was better than other big time brunch places that I have visited. it was original and full of flavor. We had the Arizona eggs benedict and their egg and bacon croissant sandwich. The croissant sandwich was soft, airy and tasty. The additional kick on the sandwich was the pesto sauce. The egg was cooked nicely and the bacon, though not as crispy as I wanted had a good bite as well. My wife loved the Arizona eggs benedict. It had tomatillo sauce instead of the usual hollandaise sauce. There was also a hint of corn tortilla taste on the sauce that gave the dish a mexican finish. Eggs were poached perfectly and the runny yolk complimented the sauce. The sausage wasn't bad as well. Not too salty and but had enough kick at the end to tell you that you are eating a sausage. Coffee and pastry were also very good. Add the warm ambience and service with good, Benedict's Cafe just felt like home.more reviews at http://themealexperience.blogspot.com/
5	Yummy food and very nice people! Awesome crepes and benedict!Crepes, berries were super fresh and delicious creme. Benedict has savory potatos and fantastic hollandaise sauce. The tarragon biscuit underneath is a great base.
3	The star rating is based on the food.  I ordered the eggs benedict and it was okay.  Nothing spectacular.  If it wasn't for the flavorful, but still overly dry biscuit, I'd give it 2 stars. Definitely could use more sauce.  The ladies at the counter were friendly and accommodating.  I'd be willing to give another menu item a try and only because it's close to my house.
4	I coukd have easily overlooked this being in a little strip center with a gas station but saw the yelp reviews.  It is very small but charming. I had the eggs benedict and lox- very tasty!  I was wondering how they could stay in business in that location but it seems like their main business is catering, so makes sense.
3	I've been here twice. And that was last summer. The food was good but not overly exceptional. I thought the prices were a little bit high for what you received. It was quaint and cute, though the eating area is quite small and usually have to wait for a table or sit outside which is not conducive to summer weather. Definitely not the place to go for a large crowd, nice to go for maybe a couple's breakfast or brunch date.
5	went back for the blueberry pancakes. Best in the area. Great breakfast experience.
1	I've tried to forget about my experience at Benedict's, but every time I drive by I am reminded of the experience. We decided to try Benedict's for Father's Day this summer, the reviews were good, it looked cute and it's near our house. We walked in, no lines, but tables were occupied so we happily waited a bit. The staff sat our group of 3 at a table the size of my nightstand, I was a little concerned, but figured they knew what they were doing. They took our drink order and brought them out, no problem. The issue came when they delivered our plates. The table may have been able to accommodate 2 regular size plates, but not three. We had to strategically place the plates on the table so we could eat, mine was hanging a little of the table to make room for my son's plate and our cups/mugs and glasses. I took a bite of the Arizona Benedict, it was quite good. I went to cut another size and the entire plate upended into my lap and purse. I shrieked, loud enough to catch the attention of the rest of the diners, but not the staff working. I had to get up find napkins, clean everything up. After waiting for several minutes for someone to come ask what happened, I finally flagged the waiter down and told him what had occurred, his reaction, he shrugged. My husband is boiling at this point. I finally get up and have to ask for the check. The young woman asked me about the meal, at which point I had to tell her what happened. She took my meal off my bill, but by this time I was incredibly frustrated by the entire experience.
3	I've debated this review for awhile now, since the decor is great, the idea is excellent and the food was good. However, throughout our entire meal we listened to server complain to a table that was seated by someone we assumed was her friend. She complained about how customers ask what they offer in the pastry case, and what kinds of teas they have, and that they always as her to go back and get this sauce or extra thing, etc, etc. She wasn't quiet about it at any point, and given the fact that this place seated maybe eight, you couldn't not hear it. It really turned off the whole experience and made us afraid to ask about anything in the restaurant even though it was our first time there! Other than that - be ready to wait for a table, since this place is small and there are a limited number of tables. They have a pastry case up front, but it can be hard to see all the options with people seated at the tables off to that side. The other waitress that was there was friendly and helpful, so that was a plus. Overall: B-Cute decor and good food probably won't be enough to pull us back here since we didn't feel welcome or comfortable asking about anything.
4	Quaint brunch spot in North Scottsdale.  Coming from Portland, I appreciate the local and small business focus of this eatery.  Tarragon biscuits for the benedicts are very good.  I wish Yelp would let me rate 4.5 stars.
