5	This little hidden treasure seems like it's out of place....an authentic Irish pub in the middle of French Canada??? But it made me feel like home, though I was clear across the country....Pretty much every night that I was over there, this is where my colleagues and I would go. My fellow Seattelite co-worker would always go here in the past for her Scotch. But they had my Hard Cider! I don't remeber what kind it was, but it was different and delicious. The atmosphere is phenomenal- it's loud and packed like an Irish pub should be. Long bar. Great staff. Gooooooood food. This is definately a party/group place. The have 2 levels- we sat upstairs one night because we couldn't hold a conversation among the loud crowd downstairs, so even though they had it closed off, they let only us go up there giving them the perk of us tipping them well. But- I'd much rather be downstairs most of the time. I would go back to Montreal for this reason alone.
4	I had a fantastic time here on my last visit. It was a great place with a lot of wonderful people lolling around, half in the bag. I started up a long conversation with a dude from Seattle about which is worse: a year in New York or a year in LA. We both agreed New York, largely because the Vegas valve is much closer in the LA scenario. The selection of beers and ciders is pretty good and though I typically stick to Cider, I did enjoy a couple of lager and had a ball. The place gets crowded and gets really loud, but it's a fun time still!
2	Went in at barely 7PM on a Sunday night (the night before Thanksgiving, but still) and there was no one inside but the bartenders. Asked if they were still serving supper and was told that they could order us a pizza or pasta from the Italian joint next door. We passed and ended up at McKibbin's instead. Maybe next time we're in the city we'll give them another shot.Also of note is that they are opening up in the nearest storefront on the adjoining street, though not sure when. Don't know what the new location will be like.
3	Fresh breaded mushroom, yummy hard cider, Guinness, decent fish & chips, friendly server.  This place was much better than McLean's pub- it was our second bar right after McLean's pub.  Nothing really special except that.  I could go back but it's not super memorable place or super special.  I won't be sad if I don't have a chance to go back..
5	Great place to have a pint with friends. Good food, great ambiance. Also good if you want to watch sporting events (a few large flat screen TVs for your viewing pleasure).
4	Fish and chips= AWESOMEBeer selection= AWESOMEFriendliness of the crowd= NOT SO AWESOMEI popped in to this bar for a quick dinner and one drink solo while shopping in downtown Montreal.  Everywhere I went was jam packed and I didn't have the patience to wait.  I found this bar a few streets over and decided to go in since I didn't see a line out the door as I saw at other bars and restaurants (apparently there was some hockey game on TV). When I first got to the bar, people were cordial and somewhat friendly.  As the night progressed, people gave me dirtier looks and looked very disinterested in making conversation with me.  I didn't know what was going on and I was starting to get a bit upset, so I decided to finish off my beer and food and hail a cab back to my hotel.Just as I was about to leave, I asked the bartender in a very nice manner why people were so cold.  She pointed at my shirt and didn't say anything.  Apparently wearing a Pittsburgh Steelers shirt in to a bar while the Montreal Canadiens are getting their asses beat by the Pittsburgh Penguins isn't the way to go about making friends in Montreal.
4	The Old Dub is a long time haven to me. Having spent many, many hours (read $$) their during my college days at the old location. Since the move to Catchcart - the place has been completely remodeled. Bigger, brighter and great wood accents around the bar and throughout the pub. Their beer selection is always great. With the classic Irish beers, some Canadian classics and some not so common Canadian West Coast beers. Lunch times are busy - On a recent visit I reserved a table for 16 people. We had arrived a couple of minutes late, only to learn that a table of 8 had been given away to another group!! The lunch menu is fairly simple: burgers! It's the one item on the place mat that repeats itself. I personally like the Joyce burger (caramalized onions, sweet bell peppers and swiss cheese)As of Friday April 29th, Liam Callaghen will be leaving The Old Dub.But honestly - pull up a stool and order a pint of Guinness and enjoy a game or friendly chat with the staff.JOYCE BURGER = GreatARRIVE EARLY, EVEN WITH A RESERVATION YOU CAN LOOSE YOUR TABLE
3	Me and my wife went for a few pints after a long day of flying and thought this place was decent.  The beer selection is pretty impressive, with about 16 beers on draft including 8-10 Canadian beers, some of which I had never heard of.  The staff was somewhat friendly, and same with the crowd.  I thought the prices were high, especially for the non-Canadian beers ($8).  There is also a lot of construction on the block, which made it kind of hard to find.  There are many worse places to go for a drink I'm sure, but I'm pretty sure that there are better ones as well.
4	We enjoyed the Dublin pub with it's selection of beer and atmosphere. Flet sorry for Alison as she was the only server / bar tender in the place with about 40 people. Had to open the downstairs area as so many people arrived. She did a great job in covering it all. Only problem is that we split a dinner and they charged $2.75 to split a meal. Do not think this is fair at all. Great service and busy for 6PM on a Sat night.
5	We recently had a large group in town for a conference and Le Vieux Dublin was where we held our annual party. The staff and management were exceptional and our group (50+) had an amazing time. We basically had an entire section of the bar to our selves, with dedicated staff to our group and the entire night went off without a hitch. Everyone commented on how wonderful the bar was and what a great time they had. I definitely recommend Le Vieux Dublin.
3	Pubs have Atmosphere, Service and Food too!Atmosphere: The Old Dublin is a pub's pub.  Everything wood, everything with purpose - you walk in you know you're in a pub.  Comfortable and in the middle of the downtown core, a great place to meet with friends to watch the game (any game).  I will go out on a limb here and say that the days of the Old Dublin may be numbered (along with other places in that area) as a huge and very posh condo complex is being built right next door.  This may hark the advent of more upper-end type dinning locations to accommodate the new residence.  Service:  The Staff works hard, so much so they are certainly pushed to the limit on busy nights - but they still maintain composure.  The staff tend to be a little older (i.e. not of the University crowd) and some have been at the Old Dublin for quit some time, and thus give the place a good sense of continuity.  No complaints whatsoever.Food:  Pub food served in a pub way - plain and simple.  Hit and miss sometimes - but it doesn't pretend to be anything it isn't.  Surprisingly - because the cook is Indian - the old dublin has some items on the menu that may surprise you!Fun place.
1	Poor service (the waitress asked if we were eating dinner, took our drink order, then NEVER came back to take our food order) Overpriced and tasteless food. And on top of that-rude customers.
4	The way an Irish Pub should be, too bad they had to move out of the old location. It had such character. Food is great. The curry dishes are super.
3	I ordered the Duffy burger and it was amazing! I liked their fries too. They have a really interesting menu, a lot of dishes with curry which I'd go back just to try. My only gripe would be they don't have a lot of staff (at least when I was there on a Friday after 7PM). The first bar maid was all over the place doing literally everything and she did a great job, I admit. Once she left the guy was alright but he seemed clunky and a bit of a dope head. My friend ordered a few Irish coffees which each time came with a different consistency. We ordered shots of Jameson and he basically hinted that we should order 6 (the 6th being for him). Other than that I think I'd go back.
3	Went there with my wife on a lark. Pleasantly surprised to find Indian curries on the menu. And even more surprisingly, the curry was actually better than the fare at a lot of so called Indian restaurant else-where in the world. I had the medium spicy lamb curry which had a thick curry with potatoes and reminded me of home. Absolute comfort food. My wife had the spicy chicken curry which was delicious too. The place had a huge selection of scotches and whiskeys, which we enjoyed on the rock. The lone low point was the Irish coffee which we had ordered two off. They both seemed to have different strength with one being much stronger than the other and the key seemed to be the Irish with the coffee almost as an after thought. All in all, a pleasant experience specially if you love scotch and Indian food.
4	As for Irish pubs go, this place was fun, friendly, and had a good vibe. We took over the lower part of the bar and had a great time. The food was really good. A nice variety of traditional and nouveau cuisine.  Big thumbs up. My hats off to the staff for making this place a good spot to watch the Canadiens/Alouettes play.
