3	Going here after partying in Las Vegas is a must-do. The 24/7 Cafe offers a specialty Hawaiian Egg Breakfast where they serve 3 eggs any style with spam and rice. Where else on the strip can you get spam and eggs at 4am.
2	Unfortunately for me, I had the bad luck of coming here twice in one night.  The first was for a late dinner.  We ordered from the Chinese Menu.  For some reason, all the Chinese food I've ever had in Vegas casinos suck ass.  Even Panda makes better food than this.  We both got two different noodle soups.  They weren't horrible, but they definitely weren't very good.  Both had a salty soup broth that had a slightly odd taste that I cannot describe.  Later that night, around 3 a.m., we had to wait at least fifteen minutes for a table and another half an hour for our food.  You would think they'd know by now to hire more help during the after clubbing hours, but I guess not.  I had the nachos, which were cold and gross.  The chicken noodle soup had no chicken.  Someone ordered biscuits and gravy, which also came cold.  The only plate that was decent was the spam, rice, and eggs bc that one is almost impossible to screw up.  I gave it an extra star for the convenience of being open 24/7 and having a variety items on the menu to choose from (although if they all taste like crap, what is the point?).
5	Hate the Palms. Love the 24/7 Cafe.  Big menu, cheap, lots of seating. The burger was my 12AM savior.
3	This cafe is just like any other cafe in a casino.  It serves food, and the food tastes good after you've rolled out of whatever club you were partying at.  Be careful, as one time I came here at like 2am and they told me it was the one day that month that they were closed for cleaning.  Don't know if they do that, but that was not a happy day for me.
2	Overpriced Denny's.....the food wasn't bad, but it wasn't great, and the prices were outrageous for what we were getting. The service however was amazing. I say this because we showed up here the first time at 4am drunk and the waiter was not only humorous, but was very attentive to my drunken ramblings.We went back sober, so I can with all confidence say hat food isn't amazing, although the french fries at 4am were pretty clutch.PS...not that this is a bad thing for a sober person, but that menu is daunting, to say the least, when you are drunk. I mean, so many choices, and I'm indecisive...yikes
3	This place was good for a late night (or early morning) bite.  It's pretty much typical diner food and they don't have a lot of selection.  (Though they do have a late night Chinese menu which I thought was completely weird!)  The only issue I had with this place was that it took FOREVER to get our food!  I don't know if it was cuz we were starving or what, but it the service seemed really really slow!  Other than that, it's just your typical 24 hour place.
3	I came here initially for a motza ball soup which was very delicious so I decided to go back for Pizza and egg drop soup (I'm trying to cover all nationalities OK :) The soup was a bit too salty, but the pizza was just horrible. The bottom was so soggy. Ick. It's convenient, but careful with what you choose.
3	Good place to go and chill out after a night of partying at the top floors of the Palms.After a so-so evening at Moon, Ghost Bar, and Playboy Club, my friends and I came here to grab a quick bite before taking a taxi back to the strip. Clarisse C. and I split a Hawaiian breakfast which can also be named a Filipino breakfast. It was 2 slices of Spam with eggs aka my childhood Saturday morning breakfast. Can't really comment more on this; it was what it was.Prices were reasonable and service was standard. Don't come here for a formal meal; come here to eat to soak up the booze in your system at 2am.
2	Totally agree with Bianca L. Nothing stood out to me so, in my inebriated state in the wee morning I chose 4 or 5 items and ended up eating maybe 1.75 of them. The onion rings were good and the philly cheese steak looked good but after some hot wings and half a burger it was either fall asleep on a pillow of fries or fall asleep on the bed. The latter was the better choice. In the morning i asked the homie Hamed, "what is this huge bottle of ketchup doing here?" He replied, " you put it in your back pocket and brought it up" oh well. that's how i roll. ketchup jacking. hard
1	Yuck. Lobster Cantonese was wack. ...Lobster did not taste fresh. ...Service was okay. Line was long after a concert at the Pearl.
4	As far as 24 hour cafe's go around here, I'm a fan of the Palms 24/7 Cafe.  They have a pretty good Chinese food menu late night and the sandwiches are tasty too.  I've never had to wait in a long line and the food always comes quick.  One time, I ordered beef chow mein and it came out with no beef in it, but the server was quick to fix it and the manager came over to apologize.  He gave us a discount and we were totally pleased.The wait staff is attentive, even on busy nights and always treat you well.   The wall of TVs is cool, especially to watch the game while you dine.  Love it!
4	While the cafe is open 24/7 i managed to eat their 2x in 12 hours, both sober (albeit nursing the beginning of can what only be a hangover from Vegas).My first visit i ordered a grilled cheese. This was no ordinary grilled cheese - it was made with 3 kinds of cheeses and delicious bread. It hit the spot - not to mention their fries which were amazing. The ones i did not eat were swiped off my plate from friends.On the way out massive cookies caught my eye. I'm not gonna lie - it may have motivated my 2nd trip.For my next meal i ordered a asian salad to try to makeup for the fried glory i had earlier in the day. I ordered the salad to go (at this point the Vegas hangover had kicked into gear) and made sure i got the cookie as well.Now the salad was good(its a salad - hard to mess up) but the cookie, oh that wonderful HUGE white chocolate and macadamia nut cookie. It was heaven.The menu was large and the prices werent too bad for Vegas.
1	The food was decent, but I don't think I've ever had bitchier service. The girls were catty and unhelpful. First of all, the front of the restaurant says something about take-out. The menu mentioned it, too. I never imagined that would be a problem.I wanted to order take-out. I waited in line for a while (because there was no hostess to tell me otherwise), and had obviously just come in from the casino (i.e. NOT paying my tab). I got to the front and asked to place a to go order. The cashier told me extremely rudely that I would need to go sit at a counter to get service and THEN ask my waitress to take my to go order. Really? Fine. Whatever.Then I waited 30 minutes for a waitress. The cashier and another server walked past me several times, I even asked to place my order a couple of times, they both told me they weren't my server. My server finally came. I placed my order and asked if she could bring me the check so I could pay while I waited. No dice. She said she'd bring me the check when she brought me the food.I waited another 25 minutes or so for my food (not a huge deal, I was just already annoyed at this point), and then had to remind her that it was a to go order and have it repackaged as take-out. Then, when she brought it back, I had to ask again for the check. Waited quite a while for that. To the point that my food was definitely cold before I got it.Then I had to wait in line to pay (again).Too many amazing places in Vegas to deal with this.
4	After finishing up at the Big Air Bash the only thing open in the Palms was the 24/7 cafe.  I thought for sure I was in for a mediocore meal.  To my surprise the meal was very good.  The service was excellent.  The great rating may be because I was expecting so little, but for a late night meal at the Palms this is a great choice.To top it off Floyd Mayweather and his entourage were eating at the table next to us.  He took the time to take pictures with several people on his way out.
3	I'm not going to lie, I lost at the tables during my most recent trip to Vegas.  It wasn't bloodshed per se, but it still wasn't fun.  Despite the fact that I've won at blackjack previously, I have come to the conclusion that I won't play any stakes higher than $5 hands again.  Further, due to the better odds, I will continue playing asia poker and pai gow on all future Vegas trips... push is fine, and winning 4.5/5 is fine, but losing sucks.  Yes I'm a competitive person.  But anyone who thinks that he/she can compete with a Vegas casino is WRONG.  The house always wins...So I was sick of giving all of my money to the casinos, so went in search of a cheap brunch on my way out of town.  Enter Palms.  Enter... 24/7 Cafe.  Enter... breakfast all day and football on a bunch of tv's?  Enter... happiness.So I won't bother commenting on the espresso... a automated-machine-made macchiato?  Bad move Ryman.  But the rest was decent enough.  I ordered Joe's Scramble ($9.99), which contained eggs, ground beef, spinach, onions, mushrooms, and was served with toast and hash browns.  The hash browns were fried and oily and exactly what the doctor ordered, and when mixed with the scramble made for a nice crunchy change of consistency; the scramble itself wasn't too shabby in and of itself.  Nothing spectacular, mind you, but for a reasonably-priced Vegas brunch at 2pm it was perfect.The girl had belgian waffle ($6.99) and added fresh strawberries ($1.50)... all of which was served with an enormous plate (yes a plate!) of whipped cream and syrup.  Heart attack on a plate... but hey, it's Vegas (I find myself saying that a lot, to justify poor meals, fattening meals, loss of income, high prices, etc.).  It wasn't the best waffle that I've had, but it was sweet, tasty, and the fruit was fresh and added a nice touch... the waffle was even stamped with a little Palms logo in the center (aww how cute).Service was friendly enough, and they changed the closest television from the Patriots game to the Broncos game at my request.Prices were reasonable, nothing was bad, 3 stars and I would definitely go back for a reasonably-priced meal.Oh, and the table next to us had ordered some of the Chinese food on the menu (there was a whole separate Chinese food menu... lots of asians at the Palms?), and it didn't look half-bad either.
3	I have THREE words for you: spam & eggs. Yup, they serve that here. For those of you who know what's up...THAT'S what's up. It's damn expensive, but hey, you are in Vegas after all. And that whore will take you for all you're worth. But at least you can still have your comfort foods or alcohol absorbing delicacies 'round the clock!
2	This place isnt anything to write home about.  I had the lobster and crab coob salad.  Was pretty bland and the service was slow.  If your drunk and its late, I guess it would do.
3	The big highlight about the food for this place is the food portions were not a joke, especially that country fried steak.  After a night at the tables, the bars/clubs you have to refuel before the after-party, and that country fried steak was huge.  I wanted a beer with my food, they didn't have it at the restaurant so they went to the bar on the casino floor somewhere and got it for me.  The food wasn't that great, but at this point of the night after I am down couple hundred bucks I was willing to give it 4 stars except I wanted a glass of water the whole time I was there and it never came.  I was enjoying my beer but a glass of water at that time of the night would have helped.
4	After coming back to my room at the Palms I was really hungry. According to my buddy I came back to my room around 6 am with a pizza. I have no idea where this pizza came from so I figured I better go out to eat. Went here and it was the best thing. I ordered myself a T-bone steak. This steak was huge. Seasoned perfectly and juicy. The portions for the fries and vegetables were huge. Service was good. I was able to sit down quickly and they came with my drink right away. Food seemed to take a while to come but that might have been because I was still drunk. This is a good restaurant and I would recommend coming here anytime you want.
4	I'm not a big fan of coffee shops, but this place is great! My first day I had the egg white omlette. But, my second day I just could not pass up the Corn Flake French Toast, Fresh Fruit, and Ham Steak. The french toast was perfect! Some crunch, but not overly sweet. I was served with fresh fruits of strawberries, melons, and grapes. Many times you order the side of ham and its a dried up piece of salty cardboard. Not this one - it was juicy, tender, and not salty at all - loved the ham! Lastly, I noticed some other cool items that I wanted to try (but did not get a chance) not typically found on a "coffee" shop menu like; crepes. I really wanted to try one...maybe next time!
3	Located in the Palms Casino, 24/7 Cafe is a great place to enjoy some Belgian Waffles and a Margarita. Not your speed? How about a Bagel w/ Salmon & Cream Cheese and a Cazadores on the rocks. Still not your speed? How about watching the exceedingly rotund man next to you eat the biggest Philly Cheese Steak Sandwich you've ever seen? I thought that might win you over. When you're looking for convenient comfort food at 4am, the 24/7 Cafe will be there for you and won't judge the poor life decisions that brought you there in the first place.
4	We stopped in at 24/7 Cafe strictly for the Prime French Dip Sandwich with melted provolone cheese! Although I thought it was a little pricey, it was very good and the size was worth $10.99!
3	Mostly good food, bad service, fair prices.We went here because we weren't a fan of the Palms buffet and already had our expensive (but fantastic) meal at Nove. I ordered a grilled patty melt which was a burger with onions and cheddar on rye bread  with russian dressing with a side of cole slaw.Burger was good. On par with the diner patty melt I get back in Long Island which is great. Cole slaw was pretty disgusting though.  It tasted like garbage (I hope they didn't actually get it from the garbage).  Service was very slow. We waited 20 minutes for our food. Also, I got GRILLED by the waitress because she thought I wasn't going to leave a tip. You have to pay at the register after your meal so that's what I did and was going to leave a tip after I got changed. She stared me down until she realized I was going back to the table to leave her a tip.
3	A diner in the middle of the Palms, it's got a few TVs, and a decent-sized menu that fits the tastes of the quick-bite crowd.Coffee and more for most people here. Service was fair, prices were about normal for someone coming from NY (probably expensive otherwise). Definitely filling. Best part was the massive slices of sourdough toast that you can ask for.  And of course, as their name has it, open 24-7.
2	Decent food, service was on the border of being below average.  I would recommend finding something else unless you're too drunk to walk any further.
3	Decent food despite order mess ups. The martini they served was def not as strong as I am used to, but I suppose it could constitute as a decent martini. Still, they really should have used more alcohol in it.Food ordered? Grilled cheddar cheese sandwich with fries, 2 martini's, a coke, a ginger ale, two pieces of toast, calamari and open face tuna sandwich with fries. Let me break it down for ya...Tuna sandwich: 3/5Grilled Cheddar Cheese: 3/5Martini: 2/5Calmari: 4/5I'm not going to rate the toast.. how to you mess up on toast?!Majority of the food was honestly less than par just like the service was. The price was decent, but I still expected better from the Palms! It took forever to get the food which prompted our asking for the bill even faster. At least I had great company with me! That always helps.
2	Party of 10.. we got seated right away after a great time at Moon.Decent american food. We ordered a bacon cheeseburger and clam chowder soup. Burger was kinda dry. Needed a lot of condiments. Clam chowder was average. It wasn't thick and flavorful as I would have liked it to be. Had a lot of potatoes. Should have called it potato soup. Other than american they have chinese food! Chinese as a late night snack AWESOME! My cousin order fried rice, fried wontons, chicken and beef. I must say very good. Had heat, tang, spicy, salty and yummy all in one bit. Order chinese you wont be disappointed.Service was ok. Late night so service is a hit or miss. Luckily our table was near the service doors so we got our waiters attention fast.
3	I was cranky when I came in here ....this hardly ever happens to me ...so I 'll just stick to the facts. I really wanted to go to the buffet but I don't always get my way so we came here to eat. They have a wide variety of food ...they even have an extensive Chinese menu . In the past I did try their Strawberry Chicken which was really delish! I've been trying to eat healthier lately so I begrudgingly stayed away from the Chinese menu. I really wanted some fried rice but I soldiered on. I had their BLT which is out of my norm but I was trying to follow Weight Watchers Point System. Since this didn't have that many ingredients it was easier for me to break everything down to points. I chose Multigrain bread for the sandwich. It of course had Bacon ...wasn't greasy or salty . It also had the lettuce and Tomato...with no Mayonnaise. It was a pretty basic sandwich but it was really good for what it was.
3	Located in the Palms, its the much needed 24 hour food station. Perfect for those late night drunken eats or mid morning wtf did I do last night brunch, 24/7 cafe does an okay job at it.I got the steak and eggs which came with hash browns and two biscuits. I opted for a side of gravy for my biscuits.  The food itself was decent, minus the hash browns. The steak could have used some salt but it was cooked medium rare. It wasn't the best, but 8oz NY strip w/ eggs n other stuff for 8.99 isn't a bad deal. They have a wide range of food, everything you can possibly think of. They even have a chinese food menu? I would never order off of that but im Chinese and would never even think of eating that. Overall not too bad but not great, would come again if I was at the hotel looking for grub between the hours of 5am and 8am.
3	We were back again to the 24/7 after the completion of the Big Air Bash.  This time, however, was not near as good of an experience.  The place was only about half full, yet we had to wait over 20 minutes because they were short staffed.  This is not my problem and it should not effect my experience in any way.Once we were sat our server was friendly and attentive.  The food was ok.  It is what you would expect from a 24 hour cafe.  I did the build your own omelette.  It came with ample ingredients, but I needed to add hot sauce to give it more flavor.
2	The food is decent and the prices aren't bad, but the horrible service outweighs everything. When we came in it wasn't busy at all, and yet there were hardly any waiters on the floor. Everyone in there was sitting for long periods of time just because they were waiting for their check. I even turned my dessert away because it took them almost 30 MINUTES to get out a measly slice of cheesecake. My omelette was tasty, but I don't think I'll ever come here again.
2	There are two pre-requisites for willingly eating here: 1) inebriation that prohibits you from traveling to another place and 2) late night hunger desperation (and the only other thing open in the Palms at the same time is McDonald's).They have two menus - a standard 24/7 one and a Chinese one. I opted for the Mongolian beef off the Chinese menu. It seemed pretty safe and hard to screw up. I couldn't have been more wrong. I don't think I've ever had greasier food in my life. And at 3:30am after a night of drinking, greasy can be good - but this was all kinds of bad, unappealing greasy.The service was slow and spotty, despite there being more staff than customers. And it is definitely over-priced. Basically, it was all around poor on every level.
4	One of my favorite Las Vegas 24 hour eateries, simply based on their great prime rib.  It's a huge slab of meat, with great flavor, and the sides have always been perfect.  Recently, I had the steak salad, and it was very fresh tasting, although slightly overpriced.  They also have lots of TV's, which is good if you want to catch a sports event while eating.
4	The 24/7 became a frequent stop for us during business meetings in the Palms Casino.  We enjoyed Breakfast and Lunch there.  Breakfast  - Great Omelettes, and FABULOUS biscuits and gravy!Lunch - Great Reuben sandwiches. !
4	The ONE thing you should order here? The Monte Crisco. Ooey gooey cheese, and honey ham piled betwixt the lovely slices of french toast. Utter heaven. Ordered it every day three days in a row.But what you should AVOID? The disgusting strawberry chicken.It was literally strawberry jam slathered over chicken nuggets. No veggie side, no onions. NO NOTHING. A fun bonus was seeing Joe and Gavin Maloof dining in the back of the cafe.
2	Had not been to Vegas in a year. Looked forward to ordering the Monte Crisco again. Ok Actually I dreamed about it.Soooooooooo I ordered it, waited patiently for it to arrive, and when it did, I dug right in to enjoy it. YUUMMMM! I took about 5 bites (OK I actually inhaled).Then I decided to eat the strawberry that was an edible garnish.Bit into the strawberry, and a brown crumbly dust fell out of the leafy part of it. I said to myself YUM!! A dusting of chocolate! Dipped my finger into it. AND CRUNCH. Tasted like dirt. WHY?Because it WAS dirt. It got all over my plate and my lovely, Monte Crisco. Appetite instantly gone. I promptly, with a heavy heart and sad tummy, told the waitress about the dirt. She was totally sweet about it, and even went and chastised the kitchen about what happened. Without even asking her, the meal was comped, but I left hungry. I did not want to eat anything else from there.I'm sad, but I don't see myself going there again next time I'm in Vegas.
5	food is reasonably priced. food comes out quick. kobe beef meatloaf was good. if i remember right it cost 12.99 or 11.99. the combo chow mein was delicious too!  coors light cost 5.00! not a bad price eitheri will come back!
1	The service was slow (they weren't that busy and we still had to wait around 45 minutes for our food) and menu overpriced (but it's Vegas, I know). I got the Lemon Butter Shrimp and I absolutely HATED it.  My pasta was drowned in an unappetizing lemon sauce and the pasta was clumped together and not fresh looking/tasting at all.  Eventually I just ate the shrimp, after dipping it in marinara sauce. I had a couple of bites of my friends' dishes and the only thing half decent was the prime rib and the sauteed spinach.  Everything else was not as appetizing as we had hoped, not even close ! YUCK !!
1	First night at the Palms, grabbed a quick meal here. We decided to share a "prime rib french dip" and an order of "mixed vegetables."Why the quotation marks? Well, I'll tell you..."She's going to tell...She's going to tell..." (Monty Python reference. Just ignore me.)The sandwich was more fat than meat, and the meat was so overcooked it was practically cremated. Pretty darn icky. The "mixed" vegetables was a big, giant plate of broccoli. Service was slow as well.
4	Good food, good prices, decent service. All the people who gave it a bad review are nuts. it was right in our hotel so that made it easy. But the service was a little slow.
5	Great food awesome people I come here. Go there and see my awesome friend Shanon
3	2.5 stars.  It's OK but not A-OK.I ate here once late after an evening at the clubs in the Palms.  The food was just OK.  My main gripe is the breakfast scramble whatever I ordered tasted really, really salty.  It was edible, but would have benefited greatly from a lot less salt.  Bear in mind, I'm not hyper sensitive to salt in my food.I'm not ruling this place out for future visits, but I will rule this place out in a heartbeat if I'm served another plate of too salty food.
4	GREAT LATE NIGHT DRUNK FOOD.If you're looking for the right price point (about $10), a place to eat at in the wee hours of the morning because you've been partying all night at the Palms - def hit this place up. It's the only thing open around at 5-6am. It's better than Denny's and it's convenient. I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich and found that to work out for my hangover the next morning as well. lol..
1	I've been here twice. That's my limit on trying restaurants. This is one of the worst I've been to. The service is awful. The food is awful and the prices are high.The only thing they have going for themselves is they are 24/7.Can't say anything else except run and find another restaurant.
4	This place is located in the Palms Casino. They have American Food, Chinese Food, and is open 24 hours.Their Dim Sum is actually quite good.Blue Corn Chicken Nachos are great too. hah.
4	prices are decent considering it's casino food. the chicken matzo ball soup's flavor was good but too salty. the french dip ($11.99) was flavorful and the bread nicely toasted. the lobster crab cobb salad ($16) was refreshing
5	The Kobe beef meatloaf is the greatest thing I have ever eaten at a casino coffee shop, and I make my living playing poker, so I eat in A LOT of casino coffee shops. I have had the Kobe beef meatloaf five times now, and it is consistently excellent. LEGENDARY!!!
4	We ate there twice during our weekend....always in the middle of the night : )  The french dip kicked butt & so did the cheeseburger.The only reason this place isn't getting 5 stars is that the ambience could be a little cooler.  The late night diner at Hard Rock has always been a fave of mine ....such a cool little spot, you could even imagine having actual dinner here.  I'd never go to 24/7 for actual dinner....it's just too lacking in atmosphere.  BUT, as I swore to never again walk into Hard Rock Hotel again (they are jerks, plain & simple....most reviews agree w/ me!!)  I will not be back to their cafe.24/7 gets an enthusiastic thumbs up, and I'm sure we'll somehow end up back here again..... : )
5	My friends and I came here at 5 in the morning after dancing all night in the clubs inside the Palm. The waitress was very nice and put up with my loud, obnoxious, drunk, and messy friends for a few hours without any attitude at all...being the only sober person at the table I was very impressed with her composure. The potato skins and the fries were really good.
1	This should count for two reviews.....I gave them 2 chances to redeem themselves. 1st attempt......Too bad I can't give a -5 star. We were told that we can't eat there because we both have to order from the same restraunt (Cathay house). I rarely every want asian food. The wife loves it. So we were really mad at them. This is all very sad because last time we ate there we spent almost $80 on us. Oh well their loss. 2nd attempt......I almost went and got my drinks myself (yes I have done that before) It took them almost 5 mins. Then they never refilled. Since we play so much we had free gifts from the Palms sitting on the table; most people would think "they must play alot we should take care of them. Oh I see the birthday card from the Palms, Happy birthday Susan." Instead, with my glass now sitting on the edge of the table (which I feel like pushing off to get attention) now for 10 mins I am getting mad. So the waitress comes over to pick up our empty plates asked if everything is alright. I started to become unglued...oh if people only knew. rrrr!! The only thing she did right is ask if we want dessert. Always a YES. If I am full I will make room! The only person who said happy birthday to Susan was the person taking my money. How come do people take such an easy job and make it so damn hard?
2	Still down from the glory days. 10 minutes to get drinks, that is ridiculous. I was hot, (I am sexy and you know it....jking) The wife had to keep talking me down after the waiter seated a person who appeared to be his friend. Then got drinks immediately for them. I am sure he knew I was pi$$ed because I never say him after that. Another waiter came over. He did okay. I was going to give 2 cents as a tip because that is what is was worth after subtracting my time for waiting. This is the reason it is 2 stars:I asked the waiter in mid process to separate the bills for me and my wife. Then ordered the Banana Split (3-4 people ave size, or 4 seats/ 2 people). He compiled, turned out exactly as planned.
5	we were at the palms and were looking for food in the morning and decided to stop by here because they were advertising their $6.99 steak and eggs breakfast.  the staff was very welcoming and nice from the minute we walked in to the minute we left which was very nice.  at first there was nobody as far as other customers in the restaurant so we weren't sure how good it was going to be.  we all got the steak and eggs and were very pleased.  when my mothers steak first came out, it was pretty over cooked (she asked for it medium rare and it was well done), she told the waitress who brought her out a new steak in a few minutes that was cooked perfectly.  the eggs were just your normal eggs, and the hashbrowns were the usual, but man, that steak was really good.  no need for steak sauce or anything as it was seasoned perfectly and cooked just right.  so tender and juicy, with loads of flavor.  if i am at the palms again, ill stop by and get it again
3	We went straight to the Palms after arriving into LAS as we saw a billboard luring us to get their $6.99 Steak and Eggs.  When we were seated, we were looking through their menu and couldn't find their special anywhere until we asked our server.  Apparently, the specials aren't on the menu, it's actually on a tent card at every table except ours so she brought us one.  They have a few specials, including the Steak and Eggs that are available everyday and they have a daily special.  We totally went for the Steak and Eggs, can't beat that price!It took just over 20-minutes before we were served our food.  Not sure what the hold up was, they had tons of servers/bussers and the restaurant was practically empty, maybe they needed to grab our breakfast straight from the farm...wouldn't that be nice...keep dreaming.When our food came, I have to say it was pretty decent.  The steak, although not quite being classified as USDA Prime, it certainly fixed my steak craving.  It was also accompanied with hash browns, two eggs and toast or English muffin.Bottom line, if you're going to eat here, skip their overpriced menu and order one of their specials, you can't go wrong.
4	You go to this place when you are good and drunk and have lost all your money.  Otherwise, I'd pick a different location to get your grub on. Not too impressed. Just ordinary
1	I should know better than to go to a place with bad Yelp reviews.  Lesson learned.  I thought that a diner couldn't mess up a basic egg breakfast, but they did.  Service was slow to nonexistent, while people that worked there stood around and talked to each other.  Poached eggs came with the yolk broken and running in the poaching water.  I had to explain to my waiter for 5 minutes why I needed new eggs.  How do you mess up poached eggs?!?  And why would you serve me poached eggs with the yolk running all over?!?  Ah!!!  FML!  Even the bacon and hash browns weren't good.  Heed my warning - don't do it.  I took the bullet so you don't have to.
1	The Palms recently changed hands; given our horrible experience at the 24 Seven Cafe, the changes aren't for the better.  This coffee shop, located adjacent to the Palms' convenient self parking garage, used to be inexpensive and reasonably decent.  Now the food is inedible and the prices eye-popping.  There are American and Asian menus.  The American menu features $10 burgers, $12 BLT sandwiches, and late at night a $7 ham steak and eggs (toast is extra).  Soft drinks are $4 and a cup of hot water with a tea bag will set you back $5 -- unless you order from the Asian menu where hot tea is $1 per person.  We wound up ordering from the less-expensive Asian menu.  One of us had $9 kung pao chicken which was OK, but rice is now $1, and the free crispy noodles with duck sauce and mustard that used to arrive automatically is no more.  I ordered the $9 beef chow fun with gravy.  It almost arrived with the kung pao, but the waitress said, oops, we forgot the gravy so I sat there for 15 minutes or so watching my SO eat her kung pao while they redid the chow fun.  The beef chow fun with gravy turned out to be no fun, the "gravy" was some tasteless brown substance that was so greasy the chow fun noodles slid off the fork every time I tried to eat them.  The beef was likewise bland and inedible.  A bottle of soy sauce was served with brown crud caked onto the side of the bottle.  "It's only dried soy sauce," she explained.There is just no comparison to, say, the excellent and reasonably priced Chinese and American fare a few miles down the Strip at the South Point.  You can also drive a mile or so north to Las Vegas' Chinatown.  What is the Palms' management thinking?  $4 iced tea?  Extra for white rice with a Chinese entree, or toast with your eggs??
1	Fucking worst restaurant I ever ate. Grand lux is the best tasting 24/7 cafe in Vegas and is only marginally more expensive than this shit hole. Service was decent but I hate places that jack up prices and are no better than a coco's restaurant.
3	One of my favorites since before the remodel. I always loved stopping here after one of my many marathon poker sessions at the Palms before there were 34 poker rooms on the west side. The addition of the Cathay House is a nice option as the original CH is ALWAYS packed. Good food, good service.
1	Just went there this morning and I was very disappointed with the service. The waitress and busboys are not attentive to the tables, as a matter a fact a party walked out after  waiting for 15 minutes for someone to take their order, and the restaurant wasn't even busy? Management needs to step in and put their foot down and these lazy servers and busboys . Maybe Chef Ramsey needs to visit their restaurant and give them a rude awakening.  The food was mediocre, I've  had better breakfast at local mom and pop shops and this is the PALMS!?I wouldn't visit this place ever again, there's plenty of restaurants in Vegas that deserve my hard earned money. I rather go to IHOP than visiting this overpriced place again.
3	Late night dim sum totally hit the spot. The options are a little limited, but the food was good. We had the shu mai, crystal shrimp dumplings, and stuffed crab claw. The shu mai and dumplings were good, but I wouldn't suggest the crab claw. The stuffing was dry and the crab was overcooked. All in all, it was a great post-club snack and pretty inexpensive.
3	they have a ok special for burgers however stay away from there meatball/pasta special, its just gross.and be prepared for 4 dollar drinks....other than that id prob only rec this place for a late night dinner when your choices are here or mcdonalds and your out of options.also, im a little bias in this one since i also get it for free.
3	If you like partying at the clubs on the strip, there's a good chance you'll pass by this place on your way out of Moon, Rain, or the Ghostbar. There's also a good chance that you'll have some major late night munchies and find yourself inexplicably drawn to this establishment calling to you ever so seductively.A large group of us tried it out and sampled bits of eachothers orders. The chinese food didn't really impress me. You'd be better off going to a high end sit down place during dinner hours...but of course, you don't really have that luxury at 3:30 in the morning. Not bad, but it sure doesn't taste the least bit authentic to me. The omelettes seemed ok to me. Big and loaded, just the way you'd expect it to be. I'm sure you'll have no complaints in the state of mind that you will most likely be when ordering it. I tried the burger and fries. Honestly not impressed. The burger was a bit dry and not seasoned particularly well. I found myself throwing ketchup onto the beef patty (something I never do). The fries were good, no complaints there. And honestly, the service was pretty mediocre as well. The server was not particularly attentive to our orders, nor accommodating to various requests. They weren't mean by any stretch, but they just seemed rather apathetic. I guess I can't blame you if you're working the third shift.Bottom line: would I have us go back in a similar situation? I probably would have opted to have us taxid to a late night pho place, or even South Point for their killer steak and eggs deals, instead.
2	I came here twice. Once when I was sober-ish and the other time when I was shit faced.It wa sooo much better when I was hammered, and that isn't saying much.
1	NEVER EVER GO HERE!Awful customer service, simply dismal. Terrible attitudes... Because of their attitudes I will never stay here again.Pitiful.(ref other reviews, there are several that talk about bad customer service, this was NOT a one-time experience..)If you want to be treated nice, and have a nice breakfast in a nice atmosphere take the sky walk to Palms Place and eat at Simons.
4	This was a great cafe. Had the bone in rib eye steak cajun style. Great flavor and cooked just right. Had the sliders to start. Great service at 1:30AM. It was a good meal at a fair price.
3	I was way over everything at the Palms, but family was meeting us for breakfast and had already arrived on the property. I compared the reviews between here and the buffet and figured I would try and save a couple of bucks and eat here.The server was slow, but the bus boys and drink go-getters were on the ball and were always around when needed. They have a huge menu, with a nice variety of breakfast, lunch and dinner foods. Our group ended up with a veggie panini, Belgian waffles, pancakes and something else I can't remember.My panini was delicious and the sweet potato fries were tasty. The waffles were big and absolutely covered with fresh fruit. I didn't try the pancakes, but he didn't seemed upset and finished the whole serving. Honestly, it was one of the better experiences during our stay at the Palms, but that's not saying a lot. It was a nice breakfast though.
3	Hate to see this place slipping.  They are now going by the motto: "If it's not broken, let's fix it." Their once hearty portion of prime rib has now been reduced to a so so slab, and it was rather dried out today.  Currently, the prime rib is on special for $11.99 with a Palms players card, and that includes a side of veggies, and a baked potato.   With the Palms changing anything and everything just for the sake of change, I'm not sure how long that 7 day a week special will last!
2	Thought I'd try the Palms 24 hour cafe  at 5 in the morning .  Ordered the Palms Signature Steak - big mistake ,  It was a grisly steak covered in a velvita type cheese sauce & the potato was a dried up hard brick.  Very disappointing meal not worth the money .  I kept thinking I should send this back, but made myself eat it anyway.  If this is your signature meal, the rest of the menu must be terrible.  One of Adrienne Maloofs shoes would taste better.
3	During a weekend staycation at Palms Place Hotel & Casino we dined at the Palms 24/7 Cafe.Standard fare, nothing extra special however nothing really bad either. *Make sure you sign up for a Palms players card so that you get the dining discount as listed on the menu.Him-Prime rib dinner $11.99 w/players card $21.99 without and comes with mashed taters and veggies. My sweetie thought is was ok, nothing to brag about really but then again was not expecting it to be Fantastic.Her-Denver Omelet w/choice of country potatoes or hashed browns and toast. Added dinner side salad with Ranch. My pet peeve is that I like my omelets made with fresh cracked eggs, not an egg mix. I forgot to request fresh cracked eggs, my fault. Omelet did not have much flavor. :(They have late night specials from 11pm- 6am such as All you can eat pancakes $4.99, 16oz bone in ham steak and eggs $6.99 and cheeseburger and fries basket $4.99.They also have daily specials posted.This Cafe was close and convenient while staying on property, is not a place we would make a special trip for.Service was good and refills were plentiful.
3	--- make sure you arrive with your Palms Club membership card for the oh so exclusive discounts!  -great because it's open 24 hours... and not every casino has a place with a variety of late night options....the specials are worth taking advantage of... especially if you might have spent a little too much at the slots... or just need a break from expensive LV fare... I ordered simple breakfast items that were of diner quality.. and hard to mess up...eggs, bacon, hashbrowns, toast... coffee.... bill was around $15.00 including tip... clean and simple atmosphere... excellent and attentive waitstaff...
1	Stopped in for brunch and now it is dinner. As is sit here with my empty drink I would love to be able to review the food but don't think that is going to happen. I guess it needs to be 5 in the morning to get good service.
5	Located inside The Palms Hotel Casino. This is their 24 hour coffee shop. The food is great the service wonderful. And the bargains are abundant. Prime Rib Dinner for $6.99 T-Bone Steak and Eggs $7.99 just to name a few. They get fresh Krispy Kream Donuts everyday. I should also mention an expansive array of dim sum. Worth the trip off strip. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Great place to get a late night meal in Vegas. Great service, great price points, and great hotel!   Before you eat here, you need to understand that this is a cafe that is open... 24/7... Duh. Don't expect Morton's or Flemming's quality food at a place like this... If you do, well 1. You're ignorant, and 2. You'll be disappointed. For late night/ cafe food, it's really quite good. Enjoy!
4	Great cafe in the Palms Hotel and Casino.  Check out their specials.  Service is not 100% (or they would have received another star), but the specials are a great deal.  Nice atmosphere and friendly (if not attentive) staff.
3	This is a nice little restaurant in the Palms Casino.  Stopped in there late one night since we didn't feel like going out of the casino to eat.  They certainly have a wide variety of cafe/diner fare including breakfast, burgers, salads, sandwiches, apps, and entrees.  Multiple specials are also available, based on the day, and the time of day.  If you don't have a Palms Player's Card, get one.  It's free and gets you discounts as well as other casino perks.  Don't ask my why, but ended up ordering the grilled cheese sandwich with fries.  This is SO against my 'dining out' code for more reasons than one, mostly because I consider myself quite an awesome grilled cheese sandwich maker.  (my wife will gladly attest to that fact)  That being said, it was a pretty darn good grilled cheese.  Made with american, provolone,and pepper jack on thick sourdough bread, grilled just right.  My son got macaroni and cheese with lobster.  It was $2 extra to add chicken, beef, or lobster, so he wasn't surprised when it wasn't "real" lobster.  However, it was still tasty, gooey, cheesey, and a huge portion.If you are looking for something quick with a variety of choices at really reasonable prices, check this place out.  And like the name says, they are open 24/7.
5	this is our go to restaurant in vegas!!! we love the waitresses here!!! so friendly, laura is great , and samantha in the chinese side  of the restaurant!!! they have great specials, and the food is great,the prices are decent too. mom had the prime rib and stuffed baked potato special for 6.99$ i think. the prime rib was so tender and pretty big!!! really good , the chinese food is great!!! the service is the best ,plus you can watch sports on the tvs as well!!! open 24 hours a day and they also got great desserts and pastries and doughnuts!!!!! and pies!! cant beat this place. cheeseburger special is great!!!! try this place, and all the people working there are so nice, love you guys!!!! thanks for another great time. happy new year 2013  24/7 cafe!!!!! we will be back real soon.!!!
2	Two stars at best.  Service was slow and poor. Food was marginal at best. Came here in hopes of being quick and decent and was disappointed on both accounts. Pass on this place no matter how hungry or tired you might be.
4	It's been a good 2 years since I was last here and that was a sober up sit down post Moon.  But DAMN there are some deals to be found here.  Fremont street prices right on West Flamingo!  $3.99 for a really large ham steak, hash browns, 2 eggs and 2 big slices of toast is a knockout deal that I will be back for.  They offer this from 10am-10pm.  My brother doesn't dig on swine so he went with the steak for $3 more and finished even quicker than I did.  We marveled at some of the new deals they have if you have a Palms players card.  Some standouts included late night specials like AYCE pancakes for $4.99 from 11pm-6am, and AYCE ribs/chicken/cole slaw/corn bread on Wednesday for $9.99.  There would be a line out the door for some of these if Binion's offered them.You can check them all out here: http://www.palms.com/dining/las-vegas-247-cafe/Fortunes, the Chinese restaurant, is also there and you can order from both menus.  They also have a bunch of deals.  Granted the food could be awful but I would consider saving up all day for some of these if I were a homeless bum.  http://www.palms.com/dining/las-vegas-fortunes/
4	My buddy and I were starving at midnight.  He told me that Palms had some hourly deals.  It was true.  They had deals for burgers, steak and eggs.  Pretty nice.  We came in and the place was hardly busy.  It would seem so since it was way late.  We both had steak and eggs.  Size of the T-bone was more than enough.  I asked for medium rare like always and it was cooked properly.  Chow time!  The eggs though weren't so happening for me.  Of course for the price, I shouldn't complain.  Eggs obviously came from a carton.  Service was great and my water was always full.  My buddy had an OJ and he was disappointed.  $4 for such a small glass.We'll def come back again during one of our random cravings.  They do have other selections to choose from.  And there is a little glass fridge in the front.  I do believe that you can pick up some desserts or so quick and easy.
4	Picked up our Bill Maher tickets and decided to stop for a quick bite at the 24/7 cafe. What a surprise... nicely decorated,  friendly and efficient wait staff and specials galore! I had the unlimited spaghetti and meatballs with a salad and bread stick for $6.99. An ample serving the first time, no room for 2nds. I asked for some parmesan and got it freshly shaved. The lemon-aid was refreshing and was constantly refilled. My husband had the prime rib special that comes with vegetable and either mashed or loaded baked potato, but asked for fries and got them!.  He ordered the beef rare and that's how it came. We walked out satisfied and didn't spend very much. Great cheap eats for good quality food.
2	Sloooooow service. Normal cafe food. Wouldn't come back unless everything else is closed and I'm hungry
3	Had lunch here today. Haven't been here in quite some years. Seemed clean enough. Wasn't terribly busy and was surprised to find out their old chinese menu is now a separate section called 'Fortunes'. They do have some reasonably priced specials daily and late night at both the cafe side and Fortunes side. The website does post all of the deals. Service was ok, our waiter was courteous enough but he seemed to vanish at times. Food was ok. Overall nothing spectacular but nothing horrible either. If youre in the Palms and maybe tired of their food court or near the Palms. Coming for the daily or late night specials can be worth it.
1	Had to wait 35 minutes for a burger, then another 15 for my check. Understaffed VERY SLOW SERVICE. Food was marginal at best. With so many great places in Las Vegas to eat I would not waste any time at this place again.
2	Make sure you get that Palms Club card to save some payola here. The only reason I would recommend dining here would be for the club prices.The food was ordinary at best. What follows is my late night breakfast experience. Though the strips of bacon were on the smallish side, they were prepared with a good blend of tenderness/crunchiness, with an average taste. i ordered my eggs scrambled soft, and they were prepared perfectly. I ordered wheat toast; the bread thickness was in-between the norm and Texas toast. The last item, the home fries, were unbearable. In my travels home fries are typically not fried potato bits, as these were. and as such, the taste was more grease than potato.
4	After leaving Ditch Fridays at the pool, we stopped in here to get some food.  My plan was to eat at the pool but seeing we didn't have chairs and what not, ordering food was obviously not going to happen.First thing I did was order some water since I was so hot.  After my cup came, I poured it into my Ditch Fridays bottle and the waiter seen me and asked me if I wanted him to fill the bottle up with water and ice.  Sir, thank you!!  All that b!tch @$$ness going on at the pool and I had to go inside to a cafe to fill my stuff up and that's not even where I got the bottle from.On a break from my diet since I was in Sin City, I went for the Philly cheesesteak sandwich and sweet potato fries.  I tore that thing up.  Not the best I've ever had but being deprived of carbs and cheese for 60 some days will make anything hit the spot.The service was nice and I would come back here if I was at the pool since it's right next to it and the prices are decent.
3	Essentially, this place is an old-style casino cafe trying, but kind of failing, to be modern and stylish.  But, whatevs, they have $7.99 prime rib! What what!It's an enormous slice of prime rib (with an actual pepper crust!), cups of steamed broccoli and big-ass baked potato or mashed potatoes.  And, you know what? It was pretty good! I was shocked.  They even cooked it as asked -- rare!I am easily swayed by promises of low-priced red meats.  Ellis Island, Mr. Lucky, they've all suckered me in.  I'd have to say the meat quality was better here than the other spots.  However, Ellis Island still is #1 on the deal-o-meter.  They also have other random things like a full Chinese menu, pho, and meatloaf.  The waitresses are also endearingly cranky.  Luckily, that's the way I like my casino waitresses.Solid spot.P.S. - You'll need a Palms player card to order the prime rib special.
4	We went here on a Wednesday night for dinner specifically to sample their $7.99 prime rib special.  There was no wait and got seated immediately, got orders placed and drinks served.  I felt that the service was extra prompt, though the restaurant was only half full.  The prime rib arrived after a few minutes, and were cooked exactly to our specifications.  The plate comes with mixed veggies and your choice of potato.I have to say that this prime rib special is probably the best "value-class" prime rib I've had in recent memory.  It's got a real flavorful crust and combined with the equally good au jus and creamy horseradish, is more enjoyable than any buffet prime rib I've had in Vegas.  It's probably as good, if not better in flavor to higher end buffet prime rib like Bacchanal's or Wicked Spoon's.  Unlike buffet prime rib this one is sliced a meal size of 10 ounce, instead of the typical thin slices in buffets.I've had much better prime rib ofcourse and this won't hold a candle against Lawry's or even just a local steakhouse quality prime rib such as the Cortez Room's.  However, for just $7.99, this is a winner.  If there were a standardized measurement of taste per dollar, this prime rib would on top.  Oh, before I forget, you'll need a Palm's club card to avail the special.  Happy eating!
5	My boyfriend and I stayed at the palms and had breakfast at this cafe. Our server was quick, food was fresh and prices were great. After our meal, the chef came out and chatted with us and made us feel comfortable and we would definitely visit again!
2	Had lunch here today with the family and a couple of friends. We ordered Chinese food and it took a long time for the entrees to be served. The people that sat after us got their food first. When the food was finally served, they were incomplete. We had to wait again for the rest of the food to be delivered to our table. Even though the food server wrote our order down, she forgot a couple of dishes. No one apologized to us for waiting so long.
4	Chinese food was pretty decent tasting after Ditch Fridays.  I needed food to soak up the alcohol and I ordered chow mein with chicken and shrimp with a side of white rice.  A nice big portion and the price was cool.I heard the fried rice was really good too.
4	I ate there several times while staying at the Rio. Burgers and prime rib specials were great...very tasty and great prices. Shrimp pasta was just ok. Too sloppy but taked pretty good. Stick with the $7.99 prime rib and you won't go wrong.Service was and and no wait times to be seated.Make sure to get a Palms Rewards card to save some money.Overall this is a great dining option.
5	**First sign up for their Palm's card for cheaper prices (and fair comps).I like the Chicken Parm sandwhich. Off of the Fortunes menu the sweet and sour chicken is delicious. On Tuesdays the Shrimp Fried Rice is 7.99 (need your Player's card).I took pictures of their daily specials if anyone wanted to see them.
4	IT WAS MY LUCKY NIGHTIt was a sad day when the Fiesta Casino Henderson decided to replace their Baja Beach Cafe with a Denny's franchise. Back then it was my go to place for reliable and wonderful meals served by wait staff that I had befriended for years. Now they're all gone.This cafe is adjacent to the east side garage. If you're not careful, one can walk right by it.  There are two sections with the front having a walk up counter while the backroom is called Fortune. The menu is the same with American and oriental selections.Well, I'm still looking for a surrogate cafe that serves hardy comfort food. Plan for this evening is to see if 24 Seven Cafe can pass the mustard test. To keep it simple it's an order of prime rib rare as possible for the Yu-go chauffeur and fried chicken with mashed potatoes and broccoli for me..My only complaint is that there was way too much food. The prime rib for $7.99 with crispy french fries and broccoli was an eye opener. Our server coincidentally who I knew and hadn't seen in six years made sure we got the perfect cut. The fried chicken wasn't over the top but certainly a bargain that shouldn't be ignored.Later following dinner, I ran into another couple from Phoenix, AZ who I hadn't seen in eight years. Back then I use to visit their Cantonese restaurant located in the southeast side of Tempe.To run into two parties who I hadn't seen in years plus finding comfort with the food served is what I call a very lucky evening.  Next week I intend to make a second visit. This could be the start of a very good relationship.
4	Very good service, they have Vegas specials from 10am-10pm. Prime rib special is sweet. The salads are big. Chinese food is well prepared. Overall excellent & enjoy it before people catch on.
3	$7.99 prime rib = win. Buffalo wings not bad.. it's connected to Fortunes and on Fridays they have $6.99 broccoli beef special which is ok as well. When nothing else is open it's not a bad place to go.. Service is abysmal... most of the hostesses are ummm... how to put it politely.. rude. They also have krispy kreme donuts for $1.50 plus tax for all of the flavours..
1	Food is over-priced and ok at best. Seemed like they only had 1 waitresses working although she was polite and attractive. Get it together!!!
4	As good of a Casino Diner as I've been to anywhere in Vegas. This visit I had the Veggie Skillet and Diane had Two Eggs, Bacon, Hash Browns and Toast. They were both well made and delivered quickly. I also ordered an Iced Latte with Hazelnut Syrup. It came out with the syrup on the side, so I could mix it to my liking. 24 Seven Cafe is wheelchair accessible. They also have great deals for Palms Players Club Card holders!
1	Another disaster @Palms this time at Fortunes 24 Seven Cafe. Food was okay. Service was TERRIBLE. Took 8 min to get seated +14 min to order. Server never checked back to table until meal was completed. Not good.
3	What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas? ...not if I have anything to do with it! I stayed at The Palms during my last visit to Vegas and 24 Seven Cafe was my GO TO spot while I was there. I took advantage of the specials that started at 10AM and 10PM. You can get a really affordable breakfast for less than $10. One of their breakfast specials included a ham steak, home fries or hash browns, eggs (any which way), AND toast. That's a really hearty breakfast if you want to have a full stomach in order to prepare for all the sightseeing, shopping, etc. you might be planning on doing throughout the day.Service is decent, but it isn't bad either. My one helpful tip: Sign up for the Palms card (which is ABSOLUTELY free) and take advantage of the discounts/cheaper prices for every item on the menu. The difference is about a $1 or so for each item, but that really does add up.I found the options here WAY better than the buffet a few feet down.
1	If I could give this place zero stars, I would.  Horrendous and rude customer service.  Ordered a coffee and a wrap.  After about 10 minutes had to remind server about the coffee.  Took almost another 10 minutes to bring the coffee out.       Waited another few minutes, by now it had been almost a half hour and the wrap was nowhere to be seen.  Heard many other customers complaining and the staff as well as management apparently didn't give a s##t.  Was sitting near the cashier and when a hotel guest called for room service, she had the audacity to ask "how soon are you expecting your food, because we're kind of backed up here".  I had heard enough.  Got up and asked her how much I owed for the coffee, as it had been over half an hour and I was still waiting.  Without any apology and just a snotty attitude she handed me the check.  I paid and left.  This place should really learn from some other Vegas establishments that cater to their customers.  Employees don't care and seems neither does management.  But it's symptomatic of the Palms Hotel and how apparently they're going downhill in all aspects!
3	After a somewhat disappointing visit at Chocolat Bistro, we walked across the lobby to 24 Seven Cafe to see what kind of snackables they hadWe were just looking for a nibble to tide us over until our early dinner rezzies & luckily they had a case full of sweet treatsI chose the Eclair - it was a decent, standard eclair - the filling was more of the whipped cream variety but many eclairs have this & while I prefer the custard filling, this whipped version was A-OKMr chose the Fruit Tart & a latte - the fruit was sweet & ripe & the custard base wasn't too sweet - it was a nice little snack breakThe latte was very milky - needed more coffee in the ratio but it wasn't bitter & the Mr said he'd had worse so he'd rank it as a standard / middle of the roadWeird part was that we were advised it was not possible to charge our food to the room & our $10 bill carried heavy ID scrutinizing by the cashierReally?  You're sooo concerned about my ID for a $10 snack?  Guess I should offer props that you take your job so seriously
3	This is a cafe, not a five-star restaurant. But the truth is I've eaten here dozens of times, and the food has always been good. There's a huge variety, from standard cafe fare to Asian cuisine and pretty much everything in between. My friends swear by the red velvet pancakes, and I personally credit their matzo ball soup with vanquishing a demon that had been residing inside my body for several days. The burgers are great (even though I wish they had a blue cheese burger), and the Asian food is good in a pinch (on par with what you'd typically get at a take-out Chinese place). Plus the service is friendly (most of the time), and the variety is practically limitless. Since it's open 24/7, it's the perfect place to end a late night of clubbing or fight off a slight hangover during brunch the next morning. Oh, and did I mention the miraculous matzo ball soup? :D
4	this is a great breakfast lunch dinner or middle of the night place they always have specials and food is fresh and hotI an the type of girl who likes my prime rib rare not medium not well completely rare and they were really good about making sure it was up to my standards right now they have a 8.99 prime rib special that comes with steamed vegetables and your choice of mashed potatoes baked potatoes or loaded baked potato. it also comes with a side of ajue  and a side of horseradish it is a big plate full and I can never finish all of thatmy all time favorite at this place is there four cheese macaroni and cheese not like a box macaroni and cheese that someone would serve for a kids menu it is phenomenal orgasm in your mouth every bite you take the noodles are cooked to perfection not only does it have a really thick cheese sauce it tastes like liquid gold it also has the option to add beef bacon or lobster into the macaroni and cheese and when it's all done they place a cheesy crust on top and bake it it is garnished with  two pieces of garlic breadthe service is very quick they're quick to refill your drinks and they even have a exclusive Chinese food menu menu is to die for almost everything on it is amazing you will not regret going here no matter what time of the day it is
1	Went with a group of 8 for steak and eggs night...waaaaaaaaaaaaaaay overpriced! and for such a small and thin looking piece of steak. Can you say rip off! The cafe wasn't even half full and they mixed up my order with another person in our party, they ordered med-rare and i ordered med...why can' t service be more accurate with their details on orders? Was serving our group really too much for them to handle? Have you seen other cafes?  Head over to one of the $5 or less steak and egg spots...the service and quality are far more superior.  Pricier does not always mean better.Never again.
2	My husband and I came for dinner here for the prime rib.  I can't count on one hand how many times we saw our waiter and believe me I was extremely upset.  When we arrived, the place was busy, but not packed.  So imagine my surprise when 45 minutes have passed and we still don't have our food!  I cannot remember the last time I waited so long for my food.    The food was definitely less than mediocre. The vegetables needed to be cooked a tad bit longer, my husband ordered his prime rib medium rare and got it medium well,
1	As an employee of the palms I don't recommend this place. every time I order something's wrong. This time they got my order wrong after waiting 25 minutes. Then one of the employees was rude to me like it was my fault. Remade my food with the same fries so they were cold. Great job guys! If this is how you treat employees how the fuck do you treat your guests?
5	We stayed at the palms last weekend and wandered in this Cafe on Friday for dinner.  They have an $8.99 special for the prime rib dinner.  So we though why not!  Service was fast and efficient.  The prime rib was EXCELLENT.  I have paid over $40 for prime rib not half that good.  We went back on Sunday and had breakfast.  Seriously one of the best Chicken friend steaks I have ever had.  YUM!  We couldn't resist and we went back for lunch for the Prime rib.  GREAT JOB!
1	Stayed at Palms couple of weeks ago. Late night went to check out the place and grab a quick bite but guess what? Big sign in front saying, "sorry closed". Not so 24 seven!
4	They offer daily specials as well as $8.99 prime rib 24/7 which has always been delicious. Open atmosphere.
4	This was a late night stop on a drunk night with friends. It was pretty late so as you would expect the service wasn't top notch actually they left us alone most of the time even when we needed refills. I would've given this a 3 star but the food that we had was so delicious. We shared a lobster mac and cheese with a philly cheesesteak. The cheesesteak was what you would expect. Nice and fresh, but the lobster mac and cheese was to die for. My mouth still waters when I mention it
2	Saw a billboard for 8.99 prime rib. You have to get a players card to get that price, so we sent one of our group out to sign up. Otherwise, it's 17.99.  Is was decent for the price, but definitely overcooked.  Broccoli was tasteless. Potato had hard spots inside.?.  Horseradish was really good and spicy though!
4	Can't beat 8.99 prime rib. Service was good. Had to eat here twice. Gonna return for late night breakfast!
2	The service here is very slow.  Been waiting a half an hour for the waitress to bring a refill. The food is decent. I ordered the club sandwich and it wasn't great. Not good considering how hard it is to mess up a club sandwich. My friend order the open face turkey which he wasn't crazy about. Basically a good place to go to for late nite diner food.
2	We were greeted by an amazing woman And beyond friendly.  Just an unusual greeting and caught us off guard how polite she was. With that being said, it took forever to get our food and when the prime rib came it tasted awful. It had a sour taste. So that's no big deal, it happens.  Then we wait like what seemed to be an eternity to replace our prime rib with a bowl of soup.  It was very slow here and very few people eating. So I'm trying to figure out why it took twenty more minutes to get soup???? Unbelievable!!! Don't waste ur time here.  And getting the bill so we can get the flock out of here was like pulling teeth.
3	came in on Sunday night @ 530pm, place was slow 7 tables of customer's. service was SLOW. we got the Chinese food : wonton soup, orange chicken. cashew chicken, Hong Kong noddle , all was VERY VERY GOOD. We asked for crispy noodle server said we don't have them any more the palms got rid of them WTF!! Y crazy crispy noodle and soup  go together!!I'm so glad they got rid the Mexican restaurant that was awe full food.I think maybe they should have keep the oyster bar, and made it awesome, but o well who am I to say. need less to say the food was good server was good , but a very boring place.
1	Food is adequate, some of it is actually pretty good. They have a Chinese menu which, sadly, seems to be food brought in prepared by outside suppliers. They were out of many choices.Stayed at hotel for seven days for a trade show. Service was always horrible. I don't know if they are understaffed or don't care, but you have to hunt a server down.
3	we just went yesterday to try the $8.99 prime rib and it was pretty satisfactory. you need to show your club member's card to get this deal. and this prime rib came with baked potato, mixed veggie, horseradish and au jus. I honestly have to say that you can't expect the prime rib to be as good as other steakhouse, but it is good enough for a decent meal. by the way, this deal is currently offered between 11am to 11pm daily.  they offered other special deals after 11pm like NY steak & eggs, etc. We also got a nice courteous server and everyone seemed nice there overall.While we got a prime rib for each of us (me and hubby), we also got a cup of French onion soup. I gotta say they made it too salty and they cooked it with too much black pepper which overpowered the onion. So we didn't feel that it was an onion soup at all, it was more like salty beef broth instead.
1	I would put No Stars if that was an option. Went to have a late lunch today. Got seated right away as it was not that busy, and that's when things went south in a hurry. Friend ordered Steak and Lobster with Steak Medium Well, I ordered Prime Rib Medium. We also ordered the Spanish Dip Appetizer. 25 minutes after ordering we asked about the appetizer, the server stated she forgot, and 10 minutes later brought it out. 10 minutes later our food finally came out, after watching people who came in after us eat well before us. Food was not cooked how we ordered and it was cold. We were livid after having to wait a long time. Took another 15 minutes for the Manager. She offered to comp us food to go and I said no, knowing full well how bad the food was already. We did take the offer for pastries at the front to go. When we got to the car they even screwed up one of the comp pastries. Avoid this place at all costs.
2	Food was decent and prices were reasonable.The service however was unfriendly and for a casino this restaurant was completely unaccommodating. I get it, if a server is having a bad day maybe they will be a little negative- that's fine.  I wouldn't poorly rate a property based on one employees attitude.  But the policies in this restaurant just kept getting worse and worse.We had a small child with us- we asked if they had any type of spaghetti for him.  They were firm and said, no, if you want pasta you have to order what's on the menu at full price.  So this child got an order of pasta, that was albeit delicious but could feed 30 refugees.  Secondly, I asked for my check in the group because I needed to leave.  The waitress said they don't split checks for parties of less than 8...there were 7 of us.Yes the food is decent and prices fair- but it's Vegas, choose something else.
4	We only went for breakfast during our stay there. The breakfast are really, really good. Try the egg benedict or the egg white omelette with spinach and tomatoes. I also tried the wheat pancakes. Make sure you ask for a short stack otherwise you will get at least 5 pancakes (huge). All plates are very delicious. Their lunch and dinners look amazing as well but we didn't try. As the name states, the restaurant is open 24/7 so you can enjoy any meal at any time of day. Well worth it and the prices are decent. One thing to point out is the service. The 1st and 2nd time we went the waiters were fast and friendly. The last time was Monday morning. The waitress was friendly but she took a long time with getting to our table and the food took a long time so we ate fast. We had to be at the convention center by 9 am. So if you're in a hurry make sure you let them know and they can tell you how long your order will take.
1	Honestly, this used to be my favorite restaurant. My parents, boyfriend & I used to come very often.. At least once a week. Today was the worst I've been treated in any Las Vegas restaurant. We ordered 2 "referees" which is their vodka OJ drink special. The server did not card me because they remembered us. Great! I like that sort of customer service, shows they care & pay attention. Anyway. Our waitress was a grown woman who seemed extremely nice. Again, great, but why was there confusion when we simply ordered drinks? My boyfriend drank his first drink & ordered another, they then ID'd him (today he didn't have it, he's 23 almost 24) & refused him his drink because the heavier set ginger with a bob haircut made some commotion with our drink server. He didn't have his ID, I get the law, but what I don't get is why we weren't ID'd in the first place? If there was a problem, why wasn't it addressed as the staff saw him enjoying his first round? I was livid that they would allow him to drink one but not give him another so I asked what the deal was. Our drink server has always been outstanding, I wish I knew his name so I could give him his deserved credit. Before I even finish my drink he always has another out for me! But he directed me to our waitress & she right away asked me if I wanted to speak to the manager. No. If I wanted your manager, I would have asked her, listen to what I have to say & level with me. I said one "bad word" (the "f bomb") & it wasn't even towards her, it slipped as I was trying to get to the bottom of the problem. Ok maybe that wasn't the most professional way to handle anything but hey, it's Vegas, she should be used to the obscene talk. She deals with drunks everyday & night anyway, they're worse than a skinny 22 year old female slipping & saying a "bad word." Get used to it miss. She was obviously shook up, she left the dirty serving tray full of plates right at our table as she walked away. She got her manager. Ok yay, another problem I get to deal with. Let's not forget we're still all grown adults.. Capable of simply talking things out. So she comes & right off the bat didn't ask what happens. She told my table what she heard. The manager was always contradicting herself. First, she claimed the servers (she called them her servers, first) carded 2 people at my table; nope. Nobody was ever carded because they remember us, she said so herself after I told her exactly what happened. Second of all she scolded me for calling them servers, she set that bar herself. Third of all, before even letting me finish my side of the story after her being wrong a few times, she didn't kindly ask me to apologize. She told me I had to. She scolded me like a 12 year old step child for using the "f word" as an adjective. She really would not let me talk, she interrupted me every time with "do I need to get security?" Oh really? Go get them & let's see how that will make me submissive towards you. Get your restaurant owner while you're at it. The way she was trained for her position is completely off the wall & beyond me. Never have I been to a place where the manager is so catty. You don't approach a problem by demanding an apology before even hearing the story. I understand laws, I understand the position of being manager. I've never had somebody approach me in that way. I didn't even know she existed until there was a "problem," she then left. After that, I didn't see her again until my party was leaving & getting our check. But as a manager, your job is not to literally stare one certain customer down as they leave, it is to make sure everyone has a nice meal, right? Not only do you want an apology from me after demanding it, but you also blatantly stare at me from the greeters podium as I leave? That's crazy. This restaurant has gone down hill & it's pretty upsetting. I had dinner in the middle of the room around 7. All I can say is; I am not pleased with 24 seven at all. It only takes one person to ruin a place for anyone, tonight I had two. Of course they were females ha. 24 seven, as a business, needs to get it together & work on customer service. I was more than willing to simply & kindly get an answer. But it had to turn into a big fiasco.
3	alright food,  but my friend got a used fork, and I waited an hour for the forgotten chicken on my salad.
2	Great food! A little high priced. The service is TERRIBLE!!! Took forever to even order, then a long time to get our soups... Even longer for entrees... And she forgot my honey mustard... Still waiting...
1	Arturo was our server and he was not very attentive at all. His service was very poor to where we  were able to see he didnt want to serve us. Water didnt get filled in a timely manner and our food was quite a wait. Need be said, the restaurant was not busy. The food here is average . Chilli was way to salty. And we had to return it and u can yell that upset him. Dont go here unless u have a better server.
2	Late night food prepared with no regard. HUGE menu with a lot of options, but it's just not very good. I've had quite a few things on the menu. But hey, if it's late and you just need food- food is served quick and they seem to be pretty helpful towards the intoxicated.
4	This cafe is always open. They serve really good food.  The soups are delicious.  Be careful because we asked for a grill cheese sandwich which is not on the menu.  It came out to be a whooping $10 bucks.   Is this a price they just make up and throw at the customer when they ask for something that's not on the menu.I advise you to just order whats on menu because if you don't you will have a surprise on your bill.
3	A decent place to get breakfast at the Palms. The service was quick, the staff was friendly. We ordered the pancakes - they were delicious and the portion was extra large. We also ordered a couple of over medium eggs, hash browns and wheat toast, a standard breakfast. It was as you would expect it to be, prices were reasonable for Las Vegas.
2	super BLAH yo. arrived in vegas from SoCal late at night recently and couldn't really think of anywhere else to eat. plus i was craving some prime rib. the prime rib is OK, but BEWARE of the horseradish sauce. i dipped half of my meat in it once and i almost died. not like, "omg, i die". like, "omg i cant breath through my nose" kind of die. and the mashed potatoes=HARD PASS. so sad because no meat dish is complete without em. service is BLAH, as well. pretty slow. not as friendly as they can be. which begs the question, why did i even tip you guys?
