2	This place opened on 8/2/11. Ketzal Mexican used to be here, but Plaza Bonita took over after Ketzal failed. This place is slightly better than Ketzal. The staff is very friendly, but the food was average to below average. Chips were boring. Salsa boring. Beans, cheese, and beef dip was weird but ok. The Macho Burrito wasn't very "macho" and wasn't very good either. My wife thought it was ok, but I thought it was below average. I'd give it a 1 out of 5. She'd give it a 3 out of 5. Either way, not great and this place won't get very good reviews in the future.
4	We ate here for the first time tonight and are thrilled to have this little gem in our neighborhood. Its decorated very festive, service and food were all great.  With not much to offer in the way of restaurants in our neighborhood, we welcome Plaza Bonita with open arms.  We'll be back!
5	Awesome. We went their second night open and both service and food were great! Love the decorations.  We thought that the prices were good too and the margs were better than average.  It is a very good family restaurant.  At our table we had shrimp, fish and burrito and they didn't stand a chance, everything was devoured!
5	I am a little embarrassed to admit this but since my first visit on 8/16/11 when my son brought me here for dinner I have eaten here 7 times with several different people. We love this place for of their awesome house margaritas, the festive decorations and atmosphere, and the friendly and attentive staff. The wide selection of flavorful food doesn't hurt either. I am a 25+ year vegetarian and appreciate that there are multiple food selections even for me besides a salad. My meat eating family and friends rave about the fajitas, the pollo fundido and especially the shrimp dishes. Their salsa's are absolutely excellent, especially the verde, which is something I've never cared for until I tried theirs and this one I would be content to eat with a spoon! This cheerful little place has been busy every evening I've been here. If they keep taking such good care of their customers and the kitchen keeps pushing out that awesome food I know of a dozen or so people who are going to have to join the gym or buy the next size up! (Or we could just order salads, but what's the fun in that?) I am so grateful to have such good food so close to home.Thank you Plaza Bonita for being you!
4	Great food and service! Went there for the first time for dinner last week.  Once we ordered we started to notice that the place got kinda busy.  I remember thinking that this place must be pretty good. Sure enough it was!  I ordered the Flauntas combo and my mom ordered chicken fajitas.  I tried her fajitas too of course.  Everything tasted fresh and flavor was amazing.  They brought us free chips and salsa too while we waited.
4	Every time we've been to Plaza Bonita (PB as it's now known) we've enjoyed ourselves. The staff is so nice and makes you feel welcome. The food comes out hot, quick, and fresh. The camarones mexicanos is one of my favorite dishes as is the healthy chicken burrito. I love the vegetables they fill it with. My boyfriend has a combo platter with a chile relleno, tamale, and enchilada. All were fantastic!! And that's coming from a Mexican woman who makes tamales every year for Christmas. One of our favorite things about this place of course are the margaritas!! I think we've tried every one of them two times over...not sure what that says about us, but...We also love the colorful decor of the place, it really reminds me of Jalisco, Mexico. Some people may disagree but I wish they'd play music, at least during the evenings and on weekends. We're so happy a place like this has come to our neck of the woods!
4	I've been to Plaza Bonita a couple of times and really enjoyed what I ordered. The margaritas are good, fresh chips and salsa. The food is definitely homemade Mexican. I will be a regular for sure.
4	I'm pretty pleased with Plaza Bonita.  WAY better than its predecessor, Ketzall.  PB has done a terrific job updating the decor and making the interior feel special - if it weren't for the huge plate glass windows you'd forget you're in a strip mall. The menu is diverse, with lots of options beyond the typical Sonoran favorites.  So far I've had a wonderful beef chalupa and super moist pork tamale.  I totally appreciate bean options - you can get regular refried, whole pinto, or whole black beans here.  One negative - I didn't particularly care for the salsa, it was a bit too runny and bland for me.  Otherwise, this is good utility Mexican food!  Keep it up, PB!
5	This place is AWESOME.  Very Mexican... nice music mix of some classic Spanish mariachi and current top 40.They greet you when you come in... bilingual. :)  Love it.  When my hubby spoke Spanish to them, they understood, so you know it's authentic. :)I had the fish tacos. They were absolutely awesome.  Loaded with meat.  The beans and rice were great also.Hubby had tacos al carbon and he loved them as well.  Hubby, as a full blood Mexican, said that everything had a good down home Mexican taste, not americanized at all.Service was great, attentive.They have strong margaritas... awesome. We will be going back. :)
4	Good food in excellent portions. Staff is very friendly. Have been there 3 times now. The mole sauce is to die for!
5	We went to Plaza Bonita for happy hour.  Drafts were only $2.75!!  We stayed for dinner & the food was great.  Everything was very fresh and flavorful.  Try it - you'll like it.
5	Quick service, friendly staff, great food!!
5	Really good food.  Salsa has good flavor. Friendly staff.  There were 6 kids & 4 adults in our group & all of us were really happy with our order...maybe because we were all starving!?  We will def go back!
5	Fantastic authentic Mexican food...the tacos and burritos are out of this world....chips and salsa are delicious!!!
5	Great lunch. My wife and I took our two young children at about 11:30 on  Saturday morning. The place was very clean and the staff was very accommodating. The staff was playing with our children and provided them with coloring books. The food was awesome. My wife and I shared the nachos. The portions were huge. We'll be back for sure.
4	The family and I had our first visit to PB this evening. We enjoyed quick seating and friendly service. The decor is bright and colorful, the food was fantastic, authentic Mexican and the beer was ice cold. Yum!I'm a native Phoenician and a salsa snob! Minus one star in my rating because the salsa was a bit on the bland side this evening. The mild sauce was flavorless, watery tomato sauce. The 'spicy' version of their salsa sported a few more chunks of onion and green chilli, and overall had a better flavor. Chips were thicker than I like them, but that didn't slow me down from shoving them in my mouth! Refills were prompt.I'm definitely going back to PB in the near future!
4	I was dubious about going here because the previous inhabitant (Ketzal) was so terrible.  However, I'm pleased to report that it has made a great recovery!  The decor in this place is BRIGHT.  Bring your shades and perhaps wear black and white so you can look at something else occasionally.  Contrary to other reviews, I thought the salsa was delicious.  It was just spicy enough and the chips were clearly made in house.  Both husband and I were pleased with our meals and we will definitely be back.  It's great to have a Mexican place in the area.  (I know that technically El Encanto Dos in "in the area" and in fact, I live a mile from it but putting gobs of orange cheese on things does not make it ethnic or appetizing in any way.)
5	If you are craving some authentic mexican, go to Plaza Bonita! We went late on a tuesday and they were busy - always a good sign. Sat at the bar, and had easy conversation with the bartender Gracie (she turned out to be one of owners). The chips were warm and tasted homemade. Salsa is thin, but had a nice little kick to it. She even brought out a free bean dip for us to try while we waited for our food.  I ordered the snapper veracruz and it was delicious. Huge portion of snapper, covered in a seasoned tomato sauce with diced potatoes in it. My husband got the tacos carbon. I love that they came topped with cotija cheese, and I kept sneaking bits of the steak off his plate when he was distracted. Yummy! Both dishes came out so hot we could barely eat them right away. Hot food, not just a warmed plate :) I can't think of anything I didn't like. The decor is bright, but not gaudy. Gracie even mentioned that they have a ton of orders for their barstools and benches!
4	Yummy food; good service.
1	Save yourself the trip and go to taco bell across the street.  Had the arroz con pollo but it tasted like ketchup con pollo.  Carnitas was dry.  Salsa was bland.
5	Awesome service, food was pretty good, drinks weren't watered down, n price was worth it.
5	We stopped in last night with the kids.  We drove past this place many times, but like others, Ketzel was so bad we couldn't imagine something good could be there.  You must go.  Great food.  Great Margaritas.  We usually go to On the Border, Abuelos, Ajo Als, Manuels, Macayos and others down on Bell Rd, Scottsdale or Desert Ridge - but no more.  We have found a great local place that we can stumble home drunk...if we needed to.  It even beats the stuff in Cave Creek.  It's small and the salsa is weak, but the food is great.  You won't be disappointed.  Ask for Vicki as your waitress.  Refried beans suck ass anywhere and look like a pile of gruel or vomit...so ask for the black beans.  PB rocks.
2	Me and a group of coworkers went there for lunch, 16 of us in total. The food was just OK, and the service just about the same.I'm from Chihuahua, so just seeing yellow cheese takes away from the 'authentic' factor.I wasn't crazy about the food, but the lack of customer friendliness is what is getting them 2 stars instead of 3.If you're open for lunch, and there are at least 2 large companies right around the corner, wouldn't you expect working people to come?, and wouldn't you think they will want separate checks and fast service? I mean, to me is common sense, it's a lunch crowd.They refused, refused to give us separate bills or work with us. We have gone out several places, always a large group, and never had issues paying separate. But not here. HUGE inconvenience for just a so-so food and service.I rather spend my money elsewhere, and as a group we won't be coming back.
3	Good food for a really reasonable price... the chips were home made and the burritos are HUGE.. loved the sides as well with the beans and rice!  For a nice change these were good here.   Service could be much better since they were not busy when we were there but they were more interested in talking in the corner.  But the food was worth the wait!   The margarita's are good as well - would have had more if we were asked!  Which was probably a good thing!  LOL
4	This is one of my favorite eating places in my local neighborhood the chile verde is killer service is good and it's always busy , well prepared well presented and efficient service !!
2	The last 2 times we've been here the food wasn't as good as when it first opened. We stopped in for dinner last weekend after not having been here since our last subpar experience 6 months ago, but the food was the same. It just doesn't taste as good as it used to, but I can't put my finger on exactly what the difference is. The salsa verde isn't nearly as good, though it used to be my favorite salsa. My husband ordered the chicken fajitas and was not satisfied. He asked me, "How do you screw up fajitas?" My daughter ordered a burrito with red enchilada sauce on it and she complained that the sauce was sweet and ruined her burrito. Next time I have a hankering for Mexican food I will keep driving.
1	We have been eating there at least one to three times a week for many weeks.  Last night we had to eat at the bar because it was so crowed.  Didn't mind at all.  The bartender served our chips first and these chips were not their regular chips, which I love.  They tasted like Fry's chips and I asked about them.  The bartender said they were the same chips and wanted to argue about it so I let it go.  After dinner we wanted to take the rest of our large fajitta salad home and we asked for a box and he gave us a box that was about a 5X5 flat box.  I asked if we could have the larger box and he said that is the only one they use for the past year.  I knew he was lying, for what reason I don't know, because we just,  days before had taken the lager box home with us.  With even this horrible attitude we left him a 20% tip and stopped to talk to the Hostess and told her what happened.  We see her all the time.  He came out from the bar and yelled,  "He was the owner and if we have a complaint to talk to him".  He yelled in front of the whole restaurant.  I said I wanted my change (tip) back and we left.  The margaritas were warm over a few cubes of ice, the food was warm not hot, the flour tortillas were warm, not hot, and, well the chips were horrible.  Maybe the place has changed hands, but we won't be going back.
1	Really, one of the worst Mexican Food Restaurants in the area, and while the decor is nice and this would be a good place to take the kids, the food is just terrible and the place is expensive.  Tough to find good Mexican food in Phoenix, but this just isn't it.
4	So first off, a disclaimer: I still love this place.  A lot.  They do utility (Sonoran-Style) Mexican food like no other in the immediate vicinity.  BUT ("There's always a big butt." - PeeWee Herman) the fish tacos taste EXACTLY like a Big Mac.  It's the combo of mayo/pickle relish and shredded lettuce.  I'll never be able to disassociate.  The fish was kind of weird too, now that I think about it.  Sad, overcooked nuggets of farm-raised failure.  Salsa? Still runny, but better flavor than I remember. Service? Great. Prices? Wonderful.Margaritas? Cheap, at least during happy hour. Beef/Chicken Tacos?  Stellar. Okay, so just don't order the fish tacos.  ;)
1	Very clean and the staff is wonderful, but that's whee the good news ends. We have been there twice just to make sure. We had a different dish on each visit and sampled each others dish as well. So four different dishes on two visits and not one of them had any flavor in any item. The food is bland and of low quality. They wouldn't even be good at half the price. This was a waste of our time and money.
4	Great happy hour... $1.95 coronas on Wednesdays. A little expensive but the food has always been great.
4	My first time here, and I have to say I think this is one of the better Mexican joints in the Anthem/Carefree area.  I had the Deluxe burrito with picadillo beef.  I thought the beef was very tasty and the burrito was a good size as well.  I also shared an order of nachos with my brother and they were delicious!  I think the nachos could have used more guacamole but that's about it.  There were 6 of us at dinner and everyone enjoyed their meals.  It's a bit small inside too, but was busy, so you might have to wait but overall I was pleased. I'll be going back.
4	Awesome steak fajitas!!!!
4	Plaza Bonita definitely surprised me, I had read the reviews here on yelp but even then I had my doubts. Its a very intimate setting, it reminds me of being in Mexico. The staff are very friendly, they call you Amigo which I thought was funny. The staff could be a bit more organized we couldn't find our waiter for a good 15 minutes. Besides all that the food is phenomenal!!! I ordered the Pollo Fundido and Jack got the Steak Fajitas, the food came out steaming hot! We had to wait a few minutes to eat it, it was so hot lol. The Pollo Fundido was creamy, and the chicken perfectly cooked not dry at all, the Steak Fajitas were bomb, the steak wasn't chewy or over spiced, and the tortillas were perfect. Oh and their guacamole is made in house and its beyond tastey. I definitely will be coming back to Plaza Bonita in the near future, be sure to order a side of ranch with the tortilla chips. I know it sounds weird but its super good to dip the chips in. As for their margaritas WOW! Felt like I was back in Rocky Point on the beach! Strong but good and very decent priced. :) Got a nice buzz off of one!
2	Dinner Tuesday, 5/14/13.  Service efficient, but not warm and friendly.  Maybe because we walked in at 8.30 pm?  The chips and salsa: chips tasted stale and store bought.  Salsa was okay, but seemed to get its heat from a generous helping of hot sauce rather than integration of chile peppers.  DH ordered chicken carnitas and was very happy with his meal.  I ordered Burrito Loco with carne asada.  90% rice with 8% beans and a small amount of tough, unseasoned strips of beef.  I didn't care for the tortilla it was rolled in----tasted flour-y and raw.  Green chile sauce undetectable.  Guacamole was good.  Ice tea was good and served with a generous wedge of lemon----waited refilled several times.  All in all, I found my meal pretty bland bordering on tasteless.  But it was filling and fast and as I said, DH was happy with his.  I probably won't insist on going back, though.  I know there is better Mexican out there.
2	When I first arrived in Arizona, this was the first restaurant that I went to. I was very impressed and went back many times over the following 3-4 months. Unfortunately, a few months ago, something changed about the food. I don't know why things changed, but the quality went downhill. My favorite enchiladas suizas were tasting a little bland... or every once in a while, too spicy to consume. This just got inconsistent. I tried going back a few more times over the past three months to see if it was just a rough patch, but I haven't seen any improvement.
4	We meet friends here maybe once every two weeks for some margaritas and food. I read some of the other reviews, and will comment: I love the fish tacos.  We've never had a rude server.  The salsa is great, just hot enough.  Maybe we're an easy to please crowd, but we're always happy when we leave.
5	Great food and service. Spinach enchiladas are my favorite. Beer is ice cold
5	My family and I just recently moved into the area and have been coming here since. The server staff is always kind and gives us as much time as we need and is friendly. I have no bad things about the servers to say. The decorations around the restaurant are very home like with vibrant colors. The taste of the food is great and I recommend the flan for desert! Can't wait to go back!
5	This place is my favorite place in Phoenix for Mexican food. It's a regular stop for my family and I on Wednesday nights. $1.99 Corona Night!!! Food is outstanding, the people are great and the service is always on. Give it a try, you will be happy you did.
4	Great fajitas!  I recommend the shrimp and beef fajitas.  It is not on the menu but they'll make it if you ask.  The shrimp end up with a great GBD crust and the beef is well seasoned and tender. Service is prompt and friendly.  Good for families/kids.  A very good value.
1	My family and I were very disappointed with this restaurant. The food was not appetising and tasted bland. The dishes we chose were very standard but didn't taste as good as Taco Bell. Plus, we all had stomach aches afterward for the rest of the night. The wait staff was disinterested in us. We never got more chips or water. They never took our plates away after the meal. We had to wait to get our bill. We won't be back, mexican food is not that hard to make tasty, I just don't understand how they missed the mark so badly.
5	We enjoyed great service and good food here tonight.  Our group of three shared Sangria which was the best I have had in memory.  It was tasty, full bodied, and not watered down like others I have tried.  We ordered tamales, enchilada, burrito, and steak tacos and all were delicious.  Our waitress was pleasant, knowledgable, courteous, and attentive.  We will come here again.
4	Delicious home cooked Mexican food served by super friendly and efficient wait staff.   Restaurant decor is awesome..I would love to own their bar stools.  Very, very clean and the food is absolutely fresh and authentic.  We will be regulars as of tonight.  Really good happy hour prices to accompany delicious food.
4	Hubby and I tried this place on Friday.  We really enjoyed ourselves.  Good service, good food and reasonably priced.  Can't complain we will be back!
1	My hubby and I stopped here yesterday for a late lunch.  The place was recommended by the Direct TV tech that had done some repairs at our house.   Boy were we ever disappointed!  My husband ordered the pork tacos and had requested flour tortillas but they came out with corn.  After calling our waiter over, we had asked him to change the tortillas to flour as we had originally requested.  He said not problem and within a few minutes, they were back on the table.  That being said, my husband said the pork was dry and lacked flavoring.  I had ordered the cane asada which came out very dry (some of the meat was actually curled up and crisped) and really lacking in flavor.  The beans and rice were just so, so.  Would not recommend although the staff was very friendly and helpful.  We will not be returning.
3	The food is great so good but this new manager the very short guy is asshole so make sure don't get him...the owner is nice and the lady at front is grate...be aware of tha guy...he's not my server when I go there he doesn't know how to work with costumers..
2	Went today for lunch, had been a couple of years ago for their fish tacos.  The fish tacos were good but everything that went with it was just ok at best.  Rice and beans were less than average and we didn't like the guacamole at all.  I would go back for the fish tacos but wish they had them a la carte because the food that accompanies was not good.
4	After 4 visits I decided to add my 3cents worth of review. Having spent a considerable time in Mexico I was very surprised to find a Mexican restaurant that reminded me of the fantastic food I have had through out mexico. They actually have sopapillas (sp) on the menu!!! This place is worth a visit. It is a bit small but prices are reasonable and the food has always been excellent. A couple of things... they don't offer coffee... too authentic??? The other is that the service has never been as good as the food. This recent visit was no different with our having to wait for a desert while the other was served...not good. Reason given...cook was very busy... that doesn't cut it. It is a management problem more than a cook problem. That's why the 4 stars... I still recommend them over all the  multiple Mexican restaurants I have visited in north Phoenix.  When you go look forward to stellar food - not stellar service. Hopefully they will work on the management issues... I still look forward to visiting again.
1	I'm shocked at the amount of stars being used to rate this place. I would give it no stars if I could.My wife, son and I just tried the place, and I was the only one who got any food. After ordering a hamburger for my son, we were brought a cheeseburger - which he cannot eat. When they finally brought out the hamburger some time later, the fries were cold enough to tell me they left the original fries on the plate while they cooked a new hamburger and didn't even bother to keep them under a heat lamp.My wife never did get her food - as by then I had finished my $11 chimichanga that was microwaved (a fact anyone could determine by the scorching hot outside and still cold inside) tiny little thing in the middle of the plate. Honestly, $11 for something the size of a hot pocket, covered in dried out lettuce is just insulting. Both the refried beans and the rice were bland - completely void of any seasoning at all.I should have known what we were in for when I saw the grease-soaked chips brought to us when we sat down.
5	Love this place! We have been here several times before finally deciding to post a review. The service is attentive and friendly. Haven't had anything yet we didn't like and get excited to try something new each visit. Don't forget a patron margaritas or fried ice cream!
5	Omg. This is the best place in town.  We are regular there.  The kids love it.  They are friendly and service great.   Drinks are yummy too.   Kids favorite is the fried ice cream.  The pollo azado burrito(spelling) is to die for. 10 stars
4	I don't really know what to consider this place, not quite a sit down but not really fast food either. I should say I have never actually dined in we have always ordered take out but I've never seen any table service the handful of times I've been in. The food here is good, simple and fresh. However one major suggestion if your ordering take out, always check your boxes before you leave. I learned the hard way after having my order messed up 3 out of 4 times. Other than that it's good food with reasonable prices.
3	Yummy fajita burro and chips and salsa. Better than a lot of Mexican restaurants!! Wish the person taking my order spoke better English. Sounds mean but my order was wrong and more than I wanted to pay. It was frustrating ordering. That's the reason for 3 stars.
5	I love this place. Chicken fajita, chicken enchiladas, and tortilla soup are my regular selections. And some fried ice cream if I went running that morning :)I sometimes call to get it to go on my way home from work, and it's packaged by the time I get there, and always hot when I get home.Tastes amazing, and is nicely priced. Always clean inside as well!
4	I found this place looking for something quick and they went beyond my expectations.  The servers were great and attentive.  The Garden Fresco Burrito is delicious and humongous!  Great vegetarian option!!   The chips and salsa were good as well.
5	Best Fish Taco's anywhere! My husband and I love Plaze Bonita. The food and service are always consistent and good.
2	The green corn tamale was hard, cheese enchilada was OK. Rice was good and beans standard. What gave it 2 stars is the service. A kid at Taco Bell is friendlier. I sat at the bar and I think the bartender talked to me once, and it was to see if I wanted anything else. UM... NO! Service makes everything. It can make so so food better... This service made the bad food stand out more. I will be going to El Encanto Dos instead. It is out of the way but it is better service and much better food.
5	Walked in and instantly greeted! Staff was so nice and friendly. Only been a few times but the food is good and it's close to home. Super nachos are great! Not sure about why other ppl gave 1-2 stars!?!?!  Especially over hamburgers!?!?! It's Mexican food, not McDonald's
