4	How is Bio Bistro not yet in the Yelp-osphere!?This has been my on-the-fly, go-to place for sustenance when busily working away at ASU. It is located in the Biodesign building at McAllister and Tyler, across the way from Psychology. It gets very popular at lunch time, being one of the few easy options on this side of campus, and it definitely beats fighting your way through the sea of undergrads at the MU student center. The barista at Bio Bistro is great - a little rough around the edges and he tends to take his time making your drink, but in the end it's worth the wait because he makes foamy latte goodness. They serve 2 types of espresso at your request for the picky espresso drinker in all of us. The strawberry lemonade is also great, and they have a decent assortment of teas. Do remember to stop in after 3pm for Espresso Drink Happy Hour! Half-off all espresso drinks. I know I definitely need a pick-me up around 3:30 to get me through the rest of the day. The coffee is a great deal. The food, not such a great deal. I am a sucker for the tuna sandwich, the veggie korma (with yogurt and chutney), and Cajun delight pizza - they are all really tasty and surprisingly satisfying. They also have sandwiches, bagels, pastries, and salads - you can grab something out of the case or get a sandwich made to order. I just find the prices a bit high for the food, but, when I'm hungry and in a hurry, I pop on over for a bite and a latte. Bio Bistro is quick, easy, and good - check it out if you find yourself wandering around campus!
3	This small coffee shop is tucked inside the ASU Biodesign Institute. It is a good place to stop in for a loose leaf tea (same ones that can be found from Republic of Tea), which is hard to find in the immediate campus area. It definitely beats going to chain stores, like Starbucks, which tend to have low quality teas and poor selections.
2	Average food, bad customer service. I walked up and the employee was doing the trash, they looked at me ignored me for a while, no greeting. So I speak up and tell them my order. I then have to take initiative and tell them what since they didn't feel the need to ask what I liked on it. Then after touching a trash bag they proceeded to put gloves on without washing their hands. I have my managerial health card in Arizona and that is unacceptable. I will not return to the Bio Bistro
3	It's an okay place, when you want to chill out in the middle of your experiment!It's a bit pricy. They have vegetarian options which makes it nice.
