5	Description Of Work: Custom make a computer nook in the dining area, including customizing a retractable and rotating keyboard tray (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0033UNHQ8/ref=wms_ohs_product?ie=UTF8&psc=1)to fit under the small table/nook which is only 11 inches deep.Comments: We want one of our computers in the dining area, but we don't want a computer table which is too big there, so we decided on a "nook" or something small and unobtrusive that would just be attached to the wall.  Our biggest issue is we don't want it to be jutting out to much, so we decided on 11 inches deep, with just enough space for the CPU underneath, a printer on the 2nd level, a regular (not mounted) screen on the main level with the speakers and mic, and a keyboard with mouse underneath.  We wanted a retractable and rotating or adjustable keyboard tray, but all the trays we found are all too wide and too long that they wouldn't fit underneath. We found the "Safco Platform Keyboard with Mouse Tray" from Amazon, and it was perfect for our needs, except for the fact that just the rail itself is 18 inches. Rudy cut the rail of the tray for us so that it wouldn't be too long and would fit underneath the main "table".  He also cut the boards, painted them, and installed everything on the picture.  Now, we've got the perfect computer nook in between our dining room and the den.As always, he's very easy to talk with and get an appointment, and the price is always reasonable and the service is excellent. We are so happy with Rudy since we found him on Angieslist since 2012, and he's been our handyman eversince.
3	We were charged more than I was quoted over the phone. I should've questioned it but I didn't. Rudy never gave us an invoice as promised. On the good side they showed up right on time though & his assistant was very nice.They do good work but I think we'd use somebody else next time.
5	This was the second time that I hired Rudolf and his colleague.  The last time they reinstalled a wall bed after I moved, and they did a great job. Today, they replaced and refinished the door moulding that had been damaged in my bathroom.  They are prompt, professional, and take pride in their work.  Their prices are very reasonable for the effort that goes into the work.  I would not hesitate to hire them again.
2	We were finally  given an invoice and he charged us $10 for gas. If he gets 20 miles per gallon, that's almost 60miles in gas. It takes 45miles to get around the entire valley in LAS. He was going to a job not that far from our house afterwards. There's better handymen out there!
5	Silver Desert Handy Man...specifically Rudy, did an EXCELLENT Job for me!  Rudy showed up on time and ready to work. Rudy knows that time is money and I had 2 different project for him to work and he worked on them both at the same time.  #1) I had to fix a hole in my dry wall after having to run speaker wires in my house.  2) I wanted to install a portable A/C unit in a room in my house that is always hotter than the rest of the house.  Rudy could have started #2 first and finished #1 and left, but to make sure the job was done right. That is, to make sure the area matched the rest of the wall you need to make sure it dries first and then knock off the dry wall treatment.  It just can't be done correctly if you don't wait for it to dry. Frankly, I wasn't aware of this until after the job was done and Rudy didn't mention it until later, but I mention it because I want everyone to know in "Angie's List Land" RUDY HAS INTEGRITY AND DOES THE RIGHT JOB THE FIRST TIME!Rudy works fast and doesn't rest between jobs. He explains what he is doing while he is doing it and doing a good job seems to be a part of his DNA.  Don't be shocked if you hear an Eastern Block accent when you talk to Rudy (found out it is really Rudolf and he is Czech),  his accent tells me Rudy doesn't solve problems by just buying a new one, he is a person that knows how to make things work and work well, with what is on hand...To me this is a valuable trait in a handyman!
5	Description Of Work: Sanding, Priming and Painting the Fascia (& rafters) around the house ($850)Member Comments: Rudy has been our go-to handyman for about 2 years now, since we found him on Angie's List.  He gives you a fair price, he's honest, always does a great job, and he doesn't dilly-dally or waste any time. I like that attitude that he's like me, efficient and very professional, although it does seem that he's always in a rush and can sound like he's curt sometimes.  But we don't stress about it because we know that it's just his accent and the way he speaks, and he is actually nice and funny.On this job, he came over as we explained to him what we wanted to be done, and so that he can also give his estimate and explanation on how the job will be done.  We still consulted with other providers just to make sure that we are still getting a good price, and were happy to find out that although he wasn't the lowest bid, it was still a fair price, and with Rudy we can make sure that the job is done right the first time.  We've dealt with bad service providers before, and we don't want to deal with those nightmares anymore.We were able to schedule the job within a week after the estimate, and he was there on time with his partner.  They used electric sanders, ladders, and plastic to protect other parts of the house including the ground from the dust and paint.  They also used top-quality paint from Frazee.  They even repaired some of my fascia that already had cracks on them, and I thought that I had to totally replace them.Rudy did a lot of the job himself, while closely supervising and inspecting the work of his partner.  He cares about the quality of their work so he makes sure that it's done right. They also cleaned up after themselves as usual.He also gave us advice on how to maintain or repair some more things in the house, and advice on which ones are worth repairing or if we are better off replacing them altogether.  Rudy is a top-notch handyman, and we will keep relying on him for multiple things that need repairing or customizing.  We highly recommend him for quality, price, professionalism and reliability!
