4	Costco my ass! Shamrock Foods makes Costco look like an out of stock roadside fruitstand. This place is massive. Larger than Rosie O'Donnell's head. Larger than Gordon Ramsay's ego. Larger than, well, larger than, um, damn, I can't think of a third pop culture "larger than" reference. Let's just say it has three addresses. Now, it's not exactly a fair comparison as Shamrock isn't open to the general public. Just us restaurant kin. But there are other food vendors, i.e Sysco, that just don't stack up. Stack up? Ha, like pancakes! A food reference in my food vendor review. When will the fun stop? Fantastic customer service. Always ready with will call items that were missed in our pre-order. And Richard? A god in the industry....always taking care of my place and insuring I get my hundreds of fresh Angus beef patties, heads of iceberg lettuce and thousands of strawberries. And that little tomato scare last month? They were swift in their investigation, communication and information. Shamrock Foods. Larger than a "biiiiiig stickkkk of buttttah!!!" Yea, that's it!
1	wow biggest scam artists in the valley, if a rep for this company walks into your business swiftly walk him out, they are the best in the business for a reason they know how to price gouge and get customers with b/s promotions. listen to this  my friendly sales rep Angelo espisito ( who also has a specialty item distribution business on the side with his wife) gets my business from sysco by telling me that if i go exclusive with them for 8 weeks they will take the average of sales over the 8 weeks and give me a check for  the amount of one week, wow great deal......not!!!!!  at week 7 and 4 days into the promotion i get a notice from the company that they noticed one of the weeks we were only @ 80% of our ordering through them and because of that they will not be able to honor the contract, big surprise.  So after  $45,000 plus another 5,000 to sue them i got about 30,000 in product, and yah!! my one week rebate, U.S foods and Sysco do business with competitive pricing and great service not smoke and mirrors
5	How I didn't review this as 5 stars the first time around is beyond me. Bad, Bath and Beyond me!So FIVE stars to Shamrock Foods. Course it doesn't hurt I'm going on an all expense luxury 5 day vacation to Washington DC, with digs at the Ritz Carlton, a gala ball at the Mellon Auditorium, a private dinner at the National American History Museum...the list goes on!Thank you Shamrock. You rock. You Sham! And you rock!
4	My company works through Shammy (as we call it) to utilize as our warehouse. Yes we do purchase shammy specific items, but that is mainly butter, and milks.I am giving it 4 stars because of its superior customer service. Christina and Vanessa are their service reps for the greater part of the company and their will call pick up center.Several occasions I forget to order an item, order the wrong item order to much or too little. A simple email to one of these girls, and everything is taken care of.I do know that they take on any customer, from large chains of jack in to box, wendys, to smaller chains like wildflower bread company. They will even take on ma and pop restaurants. They really make themselves feel like a great local business that caters to your needs.
1	BEWARE!!!! DO NOT LET THE PRICES LURE YOU IN!!! First of all my restaurant is a small start up. Shamrock got our business because they undercut the other biggies. All was good for awhile. We saw our sales rep maybe once a month and that is if we were lucky. No problem. We are on a tight budget as start ups are. I had an ACH fail due to CC fees coming out earlier than I expected. I let them know the same day before they knew it and was at the bank getting them a cashiers check for the balance due. After that on three different occasions they hit my bank account over the next two months for the same amount they were already paid for by cashiers check and i was lucky enough to get to pay the bank fees etc. I finally had to have my bank reject them from any more ACH charges since they could not figure out they were paid. We had orders in the mean time and I told the sales rep to come buy to work out the payments since I had the ACH shut off. No show. So we started using another company with Customer Service like we have never seen. Fast forward 4 months. Their attorney (a glorified collection agency) calls our business annomously and tells an employee that the Sheriff will be at our restaurant the next day to close us and seize all assets and the gaurantor will be removed from their home and all property seized as well. Mind you not a manager or owner was notified. This person gave them the attorney's number to call. These guys have unrealistic terms and expect you to fork over money to them before they even contact you in writing. Just wire the money to my account he said. I wasn't born yesterday. We finally got in touch with someone at Shamrock that would actually discuss it with us. Upper management instructed this person that the deal the attorney came up with was the deal.I am not disputing I owe the money with interest of course but don't ignore me and decide to go for the jugular. Shamrock has no problem putting the little guy out of business and whoever else stands in the way. Just think twice before dealing with them.US Foods and Sysco are so much better with customer service. The pricing is a little higher but just remember you get what you pay for
5	The best food distributor in the valley....thats it
