4	I have a bit of a grudge against Khushi's - in its old incarnation of Victoria Street a kitchen fire burnt down one of my favourate bars next door. So grr.Anyway, me and a party of 27 others turned up to Khishi's to celebrate with a curry and a few drinks with the bring your own bottle policy that they have at Khushi's. The restaurant is suprisingly big, being able to easily cater to such a huge group - and it is really modern looking inside, which is a nice change to other Indian restaurants I have been in.The staff were incredably friendly, helpful and just generally nice - as well as being excellently efficient and fast as we ordered from our menu's, which had a large selection of traditional and modern indian dishes.When our food arrived I was over joyed - it tasted fabulous and the portions were the perfect size for me. Sides such as rice and naan were also great, if a bit small and stingy.Anyway, Khushis's has more than made up for burning down that bar - by providing great food, good atmosphere and an excellent night overall!
4	After a dramatic burn down of this large restaurant on Victoria Street, they reopened a smaller version quite close to the university central campus. It's still managed to keep its good quality Indian food, I am a particular fan of the chicken bryanny and added to this it there is a BYOB policy with no cork free!On rugby nights or weekend nights I would suggest you book in advance. Also don't give in to the sometimes pushy waiters who want you to order more than you want or make choices too fast. Also the low ceilings make it quite noisy so sit in the lower room if you get a chance!
5	Deep flavour, not at all greasy, just fanastic food. Very nice/good service (patient, even with a group of knackered drunken-but-not-rowdy designers), inexpensive, and BYO. What's not to like?
3	Khushi's has been serving Indian food to Edinburgh residents since 1947, so is woven in to the fabric of the city. This new place sticks to their tried, tested and trusted formula.Overall, we said: "This isn't a new restaurant at all. It's the same old Khushi's. If you like it, and loads of people do, you're going to be delighted with this new outlet. For me it's ordinary and doesn't provide anything fresh...It's so well-established in the Edinburgh dining consciousness that I'm confident it will continue to be a successful business in its new location. I can't see me paying a repeat visit anytime soon, though, as it lacks any spark to raise it above being merely OK."
2	Bah. You know when you keep giving somewhere just another chance because it used to be good? Well, I think last night was the night I gave up. I used to love Khushi's in Victoria Street. It was a dramatic building, and I had some great food there. Then it burnt down, and they moved to a fairly boring cellar under the Pear Tree and - I don't know, seemed to lose their way. Sauces were boring and tasted 'out of a jar', and worse, the staff would positively force feed you to get you out fast. But I reasoned to myself that I had gone during the festival and at Christmas, and nowhere is at its best when it's so busy. Finally, Khushi has its new home, in Antigua Place at the top of Leith Walk. It's taken over a big space that used to be Massimo's (I miss Massimo's), and from the outside it looks bright and cheerful and the place-to-be. So last night I called and asked for a reservation for four. They had a table, though we'd have to be out in 90 minutes. That seemed fair, we just wanted a quick meal. From the second we arrived, though, it all went wrong. We were shown into a bare 'overspill' room off to the side, harassed to order fast, and then the unsmiling waiter announced that he'd 'bring your starters and mains at the same time, because you have to be out soon'. Charming...And so he did, slapped everything down and off he went, to practise his lack of social skills on someone else. The food was okay, I suppose - fish pakora were tasty, the veg pakora a bit dry for my liking. My tandoori monkfish - I've had it before there and loved it, but last night it was a bit overcooked. And... maybe not actually monkfish? The texture just wasn't quite right so I was suspicious. Anyway, we ate, we got full. Mostly it was basic British Indian food in over-creamy sauces. And we were finished long before the time they were due to throw us out.There are too many good restaurants in Edinburgh to have to put up with actively rude service. I've had enough, and won't be back.
2	Q. What did the inflatable headmaster say to the inflatable student in the inflatable school?A. "You've let me down, you've let the school down and you've let yourself down."That's how I feel about my visit to Khushi's. What a disappointment.I really liked the old Khushi's on Victoria St, unless I'm looking back with rose-tinted taste buds. Certainly the building was beautiful and lent the whole experience a degree of elegance. Well, at least as much elegance as you can muster while staggering up the stairs clutching your plastic bag overflowing with BYOB contributions.I have fond memories of the food there but it seems a long time now since that place burned down (what's happening with that space, anyway?). I went once to their temporary location where the food was bad and the service worse. I wasn't sure if I wanted to go back but since they opened their new restaurant at the top of Leith Walk, it looked more stylish and back to the original vibe. I was sad to see Massimo close down though, as I was impressed both times I went there. I guess I should have gone more often, but it's a funny location at the top of the walk. Kind of on the way somewhere but neither here nor there. Intermediate but not central (as we say in the geography biz). It works for the cheap and crappy Indian (and other sub-continental) and Italian places there who grab the pre-theatre cheapskates but it's not an easy location to make a go of a high quality (and matching price) establishment. So. The new place looks nice from the outside, but inside it feels a bit more like a pile 'em high and sell 'em cheap kind of place. And that's how they treat you. See Gillian's review for more detail. We knew when we booked that we only had 90 minutes, which was fine, but they really rushed us and not in a friendly way. It was just rude. And he told us the starters would come with the mains because we had to be out. Didn't ask us, or make it friendly or anything. Come on, how long does it take to cook, serve and eat a few pakora? As it turned out, we finished with plenty of time to spare. The food was decent. Quite reliable quality but nothing out of the ordinary. And continued rude service throughout the meal.Q. There are so many good Indian, Bangladeshi, etc. restaurants in Edinburgh, why would we go back to a place like this?A. I think you already know the answer.
4	In yet another incarnation Khushi's is now on the site of what was previously an Italian called Massimo's whilst the burnt out branch on Victoria Street is on the market. Having only ever eaten in the defunct one once about 6 years ago comparisons are probably pointless but one thing that did strike me was that the range of dishes available seems to be smaller nowadays. I imagine you could get a vindaloo if you asked for one but that and a few other types of curry don't feature on the menu it seems so you might want to try elsewhere if in search of something particularly hot. Possibly that's a sign of authenticity. Either way the party of 6 I was in with on Saturday past had no complaints about our respective dishes, the knowledgeable & speedy service or the highly sensible policy of not charging for corkage. Not maybe the place to go for a quiet and intimate tete a tete but you could do a lot worse in most other aspects.
3	Was recommended to this place by my friends who are actually from India... I expected authenticity and wasn't let down in the food department.The place is dimly lit and nicely decorated to reflect its heritage... (which reminds me, I really must find chandeliers similar to the ones found in Khushi, they are very pretty!) The portions are small, which makes the prices appear slightly steep.The food (We had naan and lamb biryani) tastes pretty decent, but my friends didn't enjoy the service and the staff as they put on too much of a "show". I thought it was manageable and let that slide.All in all, if you have the right company and are craving for indian food, this place is pretty ok.
3	Okay overall - nasty burnt garlic in sag paneer (big points off) but naan was good.  Mango lassi was great.  The sign on the door about beer & wine was confusing - I thought it meant they had only beer & wine and no cocktails.  But it actually means there is no alcohol - you can bring your own, but only beer and wine.  The decor is very nice.
5	I've eat  a grat fish, fresh, a good curry, bread and fresh and cruncy salad, the weiter was polite and useful , he knew all his dishes. Clean place, floor and chear, good service. Thank you , Giuseppe.!
3	Whenever I walk past this restaurant, it is always packed. I have always wondered why. Now I know :)It was a Friday evening and my friend suggested we have dinner here. We were offered a 6.30 booking and the restaurant was already full when I arrived. A waiter asked if we wanted poppadoms to start with, sure why not. They were accompanied with 2 dips: mango chutney and a spicy onion dip (?) - real kick to it.I had a mixed grill for my main course. It is a mixed platter of chicken tikka, prawn, lamb chop and seekh kebab. The chicken tikka was my favourite - I didn't know chicken can be so melt in the mouth stuff! The platter came with a simple chickpea salad and we shared a naan bread. The service at times felt a bit rushed. I'm not sure if this is because they really are so popular (e.g. a couple could not get a table as they had no reservation) and it was a Friday. Howerver the food was nice. Khushi's has a BYOB policy and no corkage charge which possibly is another factor to their popularity.
5	Lamb Kahrahi was amazing! Very busy night during Hogmanay week yet we got seated quicker than originally stated. Garlic naan was excellent. While they don't serve alcohol they do allow BYOB and will supply glasses.
4	Khushi's provided me with one of the best meals I've eaten in the city and I'm sure I missed a number of really good restaurants so I can't judge and compare them against everyone but this is a gem in my opinion.We started out with some pickles and other starters but the real winner before dinner was the "garlic naan" this was sooooo tasty you really have to measure how much of this you eat so you can enjoy your meal. So let's get to it because it was over the top great.I ordered the Lamb Curry with rice it may have another name but thats what it was it was cubed lean lamb grilled and folded into a red curry that was to die for, when ordering I wanted to ensure it was authentic and as hot and spicy as I could get it after all this part of the world can offer up some rather bland cuisine (no offense). I asked the server how hot could I get it he told me as hot as I wanted so I told him extra extra extra spicy and make sure the chef understands. After munching on the naan for awhile our dishes finally arrived the girls were served first then the chef delivered mine and he and two others stood at our table to make sure we were happy with the dishes we order...... Well that is not exactly true they were there to see my reaction to their atomic curry that I was sure they amped up as much as possible since I was so insistence when I ordered.  Before I jumped in I asked for a refill of water anticipating the worst, I carefully spooned my rice onto my dish and ensured I had the proper ratio of rice to atomic curry to dilute it if required and then my first bite. The tender lamb melted in my mouth it had the most wonderful texture and it was followed by this intense heat that I had been craving for over a week. Yes it was extremely hot and the chef and his small group of kitchen help were surprised I went for another bite instead of the water glass I looked up with a smile and gave them the thumbs up and off they went to leave me with my plate of pleasure, as soon as they were gone from sight I quickly grabbed the glass of water to extinguish the fire in my mouth it was hot but I enjoy extremely hot food so I was able to eat it all and enjoyed every bite. I know when the temperature is perfect my hair will get a little damp it certainly was perfect :-). If you like Indian Cuisine I highly recommend giving this place a shot the service was great we enjoyed the complete experience.
3	Visiting from California we came across Khushi's as we wandered around the city.  The pakoras were great and flavorful but the three veggie mains we had were spicy (hot) but otherwise bland.  The service was inconsistent and impatient (it's a bustling place).  We asked for advice from the waiter on the size of the portions yet still ended up with too much food.  Perhaps it is popular because they let you byob at no charge.  So if I lived here I might give it another try but I would imagine there are better options for Indian food.
4	I was walking around looking for something to eat. Didnt matter where, but I wanted something good. I found this place and looked it up on Yelp. Was not disappointed!Ordered the chicken tikka masala and it was amazing. Had a side of basmati rice and garlic naan. Wait staff was attentive and friendly. Downside no wifi but I would go back in a heartbeat!!
2	I feel like I SHOULD like these guys, given the length of time they've graced Edinburgh's curry scene. Hell, they pretty much established it. And after an initial meh experience some time back, I decided to give them the benefit of the doubt this Friday past.That proved to be one benefit of the doubt too many.Recommended by a friend on both occasions (hence the aforementioned benefit), who absolutely swears by them, I can only imagine how his palate would fair in the likes of Mother India Cafe or Ghurka Cafe or Kismot, where they are a little more mercilees with their spicing. Because Khushi's is blaaaaaaand!My first visit saw me try the Lamb Karahi. My second saw the Old School Lamb Curry.... the former was weak, the latter was barely lucky to call itself a curry. On top of that the starters were nothing to write home about, chicken pakora that I've seen done better by takeaways. Just really nothing special.I know a few folk that sing their praises, but I think something has gone missing over the years and these guys seem to be running on a decades-old reputation still.Originally intended to award 3 stars, however the narrative that accompanies those three is 'A-okay', and these meals were not okay. They were below par by a long way and I can't see a return on the cards for me. Too many better options around the town.
