5	As the closest dry cleaners to my house (and with my affinity for "dry clean only" clothing), it was inevitable that I try this place out when it opened. And I have been extremely happy with the results time and time again.This is a small place in an 1/2 occupied strip mall on Maryland, not far off of St. Rose. I have only ever seen one person in here and I assume he is the owner. He is extremely nice and always tends to work in some kind of discount for me (which, of course, warrants much appreciation). There's no fancy computer system here - it's all paper. Yet, he always remembers my name and knows just where my clothes are when I come to pick them up.Not only have my clothes always come out perfect, but the pricing is insane - insanely cheap. I literally pay about half of what I have paid at other dry cleaners.All things considered, I have never been happier when it comes to my dry cleaner. This is a total neighborhood gem.
3	After hearing how happy Samantha G. was with her dry cleaning at this location, I decided to try it.  I made the mistake of wearing a white dress while drinking red wine and having my puppy with.  Needless to say, my dog pulled against me and red wine got on my white dress.I took it to this location, showed him the stain and he said he would try to get it out.  I also dropped off 6 men's shirts, 1 pair of pants and a second dress.  Total came to $28...not a bad price.  However, when we went to pick up the clothes, the stain was still there.  He told my husband he tried a couple different ways to get the stain out but couldn't.  I'm pretty disappointed the stain is still there.This is a decent, small dry cleaner.  I wouldn't suggest against going there.  However, I think I'll be checking out another cleaner.
5	Nice people here!  Do a great job. Love going to a place and they remember u and are so friendly
5	Great service and prices. The staff always takes the best care of me and my dry cleaning. It's always done correctly and on time. What more could you ask for? Great place!
