4	As part of our new Saturday morning ritual we went to the market today for lunch and festivities.  We strolled to the back part of the market with insulated bag in hand searching for our dinner to bring home.Walked up to the Meat and Fish company and saw that their seafood selection was just perfect.  Lobster, Bluepoints, Calamari, Tuna Steaks, Salmon so fresh he was slicing it as we waited.  We chose to go with 2 lbs of fresh NC caught 16/20 shrimp which were $9.99/lb.  If you go anywhere in the Queen City you will not find better quality locally caught shrimp for this price.  What a value!  When the guy was bagging them up he gave us some great preparation ideas and they had a fresh prepared mango / jalapeno salsa to compliment the meal.  As I'm typing this my belly is slap full from the shrimp and let me tell you they were delicious!They had other nice things and I had to restrain myself from spending my entire paycheck.  We did pickup some nice local, free range chicken for tomorrow's dinner.  They had all sorts of meat....lamb, pork and different types of beef including 28 day aged steak, and Kobe beef.All the time while discussing the food options in Charlotte people always say "I wish we had a good butcher"  Well, Charlotte we do now.  The experience is enhanced by the fact that you're in the market with other great vendors.  Support local, my friends and try the Meat & Fish Company.
5	I come here, on average, 2-3 times a month and have been doing so since they opened. It has been great to watch them grow along with the rest of the 7th Street Public Market. The Meat and Fish Co's growth has not been in size but rather, in selection and variety. It's really nice to have a place to buy 28 day, dry aged beef when I really want to do steak night up right. The seafood is always fresh with many, many items you won't be finding at your local Harris Teeter, giant Madagascar Salt Prawns or Scallops still in the shell anyone?  Join their mailing list so you can see what's in and fresh and... Enjoy!
5	I can't say enough great things about the Meat & Fish Company. Especially the fish. :) The guys that work there are all over-the-top friendly and helpful, and I often put in my order, wander around to the other merchants and come back and throw off their process and they've never gotten mad at me. One time I came in on my bike and they were thoughtful enough to give me an ice pack for my seafood. They will cut anything you want and their salmon is top notch. Their tuna is sashimi grade and so fresh the sushi place in 7th Street Public market also uses it. I haven't had too much of the meat / chicken yet and I would like to see growth in the sausage department to offer non pork options (turkey or chicken would be nice). They offer hormone free, free range chicken and lots of different kabobs, sausages, dry aged meats, ribs, etc.  I grew up eating "dinosaur bones" which are beef and not common place but they said they could order it or anything else I wanted (e.g. Tilefish) with a little notice.  It's definitely more pricey than Harris Teeter, sure, but it is excellent with great service. I'm happy they're my new neighborhood butcher.PS Don't forget they validate parking.
5	Meat & Fish Co. Rocks everyone there is really friendly , everything is fresh and they have a great variety of seafood  their crab-cakes, salmon cakes, and Grouper are top notch. their bison is great too!
5	They have the highest quality ahi tuna, it made a delicious tartar that was a huge hit! (Ina Garten recipe is the best). And they sold it to me after they had closed- such nice guys!!
5	Great Selection - super yummy bacon and pre-made burgers, not to mention the steaks and fish!  They were closing up on Chistmas Eve and opened the freezer to pull out the burgers that I had promised to get for dinner!
