1	worst restaurant ever in Montreal!!!! Service is bad, food doesnt worth the price you pay for it. in overall 50$ by person, food + beer = 50$Place is dead, boring. We went there for a birthday party, and we were the only one there.Good for NOTHING!They are lucky that I can't give less than 1 star, not even worth 1 star...
1	This review is dated but must be read.Last December I visited this place with coworkers for our company's X-Mas party and it was a complete and utter disaster. If you want a X-Mas party where everyone is stuffed into tiny cheap seats cramped one beside each other, unable to talk to anyone seated two seats of further away due to the live band then you're at the right place.If you also have any special needs such as the kitchen staff completely and utterly screwing up and serving food 2+ hours after people ordered and still manage to serve THE WRONG FOOD to its guests you got the right place.Order a chicken meal (Xin Xin de Galinha), get an unedible spicy pumpkin? This is golden folks. I ended up at Harveys at 11 PM since we were STARVING.The icing on the cake? Coat boy is unable to put my coat into the coat check correctly and had my BRAND NEW LEATHER GLOVES FALL OFF. What does he do? He puts it in the LOST AND FOUND BOX right in front of the coat check area so that anyone can lean over and take them. Which obviously happened. Someone got my brand new gloves I wore less than 30 minutes. Because everyone is honest right?The manager answer? "That's a shame."No tears, no interest to cater to my loss, doesn't give a damn.A complete disaster and to this day is still made fun off at work by inside jokes on how terrible our collective experiences was.AVOID!
1	Went recently for an event as part of a group and was very disappointed. The restaurant was a ghost town on a Saturday night and we quickly learnt why: place had no heating during mid-November and was using ineffective space heaters to try to warm the place...most guests ate with their jackets on. The food was not bad, but the service and the 10-minute entertainement was really lacking. Groups of over 6 people are also charged 15% service on your after tax ammount.
