5	We first met Chris and Rosalee Eles in their previous location about 10 years ago.  Once you feel comfortable with a jeweler, you can be sure that you are well taken care of.  We have always felt that the quality of work done by Chris is impeccable and if there are any changes to a custom design, Chris handles it with vision and professionalism.  I get compliments on my ring weekly.Lately, our whole family has become interested in Pandora designs and Charms.  We were thrilled to find out that Crown Fine began carrying the whole line and can order anything that might have already sold.  Rosalee has become extremely knowledgeable about the styles for Pandora and we are grateful to have some who knows what is happening on our behalf.Woohoo! As good as it gets!Chris & Devra Tousley
5	Make Crown Fine Jewelry in the Promenade, N. Scottsdale your "Destination" spot for all your jewelry desires and wants.  Whether its the entire collection of Pandora  to  high end custom designs, this classy family jewelry store owned by Chris & Rosalee and assisted by Jean is my favorite place to frequent. My husband and I are alwayed treated like royalty on every visit. They are extremely knowledgeable, attentive and gracious. I am so pleased with the qualitiy of their jewelry and my total satisfaction is the most important aspect to them. Stop in and visit them you won,t be a stranger for long, just a new friend of the family!!!!!!
5	Without question, the best customer service you will ever receive.  Christopher and Rosalee went out of there way to help me get an amazing diamond for a bridal set I already owned.  They mounted the stone for us and I must say it looks absolutely amazing!  I will certainly be returning to see them for all future jewelry needs.Thank you Christopher & Rosalee!!-Mark & Amanda
5	I called today to find out about a very particular pendant that I want to get for my wife and sweetheart. I won't know all the details until Tuesday, but I can say I was very impressed with the casual atmosphere, and the extremely polite, patient, and knowledgeable owners, Rosalee and Christopher. Yes, I thought about going on the Internet, but really, I enjoy doing business with local business owners and, I like to see who I'm doing business with--can't do that on the Internet. Don't hesitate to call or otherwise contact these two fine people.
5	I'm all about supporting local business and Crown Fine Jewelry DEFINITELY deserves your support! My sisters, Mom and I popped in to inquire how much it was to get our rings cleaned. Christopher was SO nice and said no charge - it's complimentary. So one by one we handed over our rings and took in the beautiful jewelry in the store. We all found something we loved but we didn't end up purchasing anything - yet. One of my sister's fell in love with a bracelet and my Mom fell in love with a necklace. She'd have to save up a bit for it but assured him for all of her future jewelry needs he's her new go-to place. Christopher was extremely friendly and knowledgeable; he was truly a pleasure to meet and talk to. He will definitely be getting our business when we're in town and my Mom's for sure from now on. It's sad when it's amazing to meet such passionate and friendly people these days but such a nice change of pace!
1	I went into Crown to sell some gold and jewelry that I had.  Christopher was nice and polite and atmosphere of the store was nice.However when came to assessing my jewelry...Christopher told me that a large gold heart I had didn't have a diamond in the center of it, but was a faux stone.  He would give me $200 for the heavy gold heart.  Luckily, I got a second opinion.The next place I went, North Scottsdale Loan and Gold, said, "Wow..what a gorgeous diamond!"...not only was it a diamond, but it was over a carat and excellent very high quality.  They told me they would give me $1700 for it and if they popped the stone out to see it better it may go higher because it was so clear and beautiful.London Gold --who got it right away as a beautiful diamond and told me the same, I could get more than that, if they took it off to assess it.I'm sure a jeweler misses it once in awhile.  But it's a big off, when a simple diamond tester can check it.If you go here, make sure you get a second opinion, I'm glad I did.  On one item he was highest, but my best prices were from Kevin at North Scottsdale Loan & Gold.
5	I just visited this fine store and was thoroughly impressed with their service. I brought a very tough ring that needed to resized. They advised me against it because of the material and the possibility it might break. After I agreed to take all responsibility if it were to break, they took it in back. 30 Minutes later I got a call that it was all finished. Looks great and I could not be happier. I highly recommend them on service at a reasonable price! Thanks guys!
5	Wife had to have earring jewel repaired and owner fixed on the spot while we waited without any charge. Very kind of him.Looked around while we waited and has some very nice pieces (diamonds).
5	When dealing with something as intimate as wedding jewelry, you want it to be absolutly perfect.  That's exactly what Crown Fine Jewelry provided.  I needed to have a ring resized after two jewelers in Tempe couldn't get it right (telling me its normal to have up to a 1/4 size of "play" when they re-size a ring).  There is no middle man, you're talking directly to the person doing the work (Christopher) and he gets it exactly right and takes the time to make sure he is adjusting the ring to the correct size.  They do the work on-site and I was happy they were able to re-size the rings as I waited.  They also guarantee their work, so if for some reason this ring size turns out to be a little off (as your hands change any given day) he will fix it.  This is a store with great integrity.  Worth the drive, highly recommended.
4	Same-day ring resizing! My ring was at least 2 sizes too big, but after careful sizing we found a good size that would not be too tight, yet still not allow the ring to fly off accidentally. It only took maybe an hour max to get it done, and I shopped next door at the great consignment shop (Urban Exchange) and at Nordstrom Rack while I waited. They also cleaned the ring I was currently wearing for me for free, and cleaned the resized ring. Very nice of them!The total was around $130. I'm not sure how much the average price is to resize, but I'm happy with the finished product and the speedy turnaround time.P.S. If you're not familiar with this behemoth of a shopping center, the shop is located close to Sleep America, Michael's, and Nordstrom Rack.Edit: After checking online for similar prices for ring downsizing, that price seems pretty high!
5	Best jewelry store ever! My diamond fell out on my anniversary after 18 years. I was so upset. Christopher took such good care of me and we replaced my engagement ring with another one and I feel like a new bride! Great service, beautiful jewelry, and great prices!
