4	Halloween night! Although I have been here once before...for a private party upstairs...I went here with 9 people but the $10 cover scared away some people...so went with 6...it took about 15min to get through the line just enough time to tell one of my best stories... they where having a sexy costume contest and a miner guy won?! it was more original...but i didn't know dirty men with hard hats where sexy? Drinks- had a red bull and vodka and a rock star for $11 not bad. not crazy good like Cassy mores, but good....there mixed drinks good sized better then Micky's hang over...Margaritas....maybe the best I've had in a plastic cup but saying there's is better than Rubios is just barely acceptable for a place with margarita in the name...yes it was nice they had service out on the patio...in a side note I always think its weird the girls slinging the Jello Shots and BOdy shots for money here...DJ....I liked the hip hop but was the "grease" mix really necessary? and a little to much old school Rock? it made for some very bad transitions....it felt like by hitting every genre he made every one happy and annoyed...Peeps!- OK I was with friends so hardly talked to strangers...but Dancers and collage students....nice that the Dance floor was packed...also not so nice when a YMCA rejec (it was Halloween) t is trying to "grind" with you! but every one was friendly and having a good time even when packed...De-core- I love the split levels and for a private party it was great to be upstairs above the Action....I like the lighting/Confetti/ Smoke show...not so keen on the industrial Barn decore...like its a ware house? I really liked the patio small but quite enough to talk and not many smokers...oh and the ballcony upstairs I liked also...best dance place I've seen so far in Tempe. wish the DJ was better halloween night they should have had someone good...still fun would recomend...just not the best place ever...
1	If I could give it half a star I would.  It's apparently $5 cover for women and $10 for men but we had these "VIP" passes that someone handed us on Mill so we got in for free. (Thank god)  I like that they play Hip Hop on Mill. Score.  I hate the door staff.  I hate the bar staff.  I dislike most of the patrons.  The layout was fine, except for the fact that it was so crowded it was nearly impossible just to get to the bathroom.  While I was there, 2 complete dumb asses decided to square off for some unknown but obviously unforgivable offense which could only be settled by loud posturing which was obviously meant to escalate into fisticuffs had the bathroom attendant who had to be in his 60s not intervened.  Within moments, bouncer guys with biceps as big as my head were swarming the men's room to take care of "the problem" all in all their little show left me annoyed and bored.Fast forward, my lady takes a seat while I attempt to bring her a drink.  I manage to elbow my way up to the bar downstairs.  They have 3 bartenders working at this particular station and they all look terribly busy.  I pull some cash out and settle in to wait.  The guy obviously working my section thinks he's god's gift.  He's trying (but failing) to be impressive with some fancy bartending tricks he must have picked up watching that Tom Cruise abomination Cocktail.  The problem was he wasn't really any good at any of it so it was just some sort of lame delay while he tried to serve people drinks.  He noted my presence and must have realized I was out of my element.  Instead of trying to make me feel welcome, he helped everyone in the section, then everyone who came after me making another round of the section and then finally turned to me.  I had to place my order 3 times before frosted tips in a too tight shirt could hear me, and instead of giving me a normal sized cocktail he grabbed some goldfish bowl with a glass stem on it and decided to make it up to me by making me essentially 3 drinks in one glass and charging me for my trouble.  What a prince.  I made my way back to our table only to find that while I'd been gone my girl had been hit on by a random guy, a random girl and a bouncer. Classy.  The highlight of the evening was getting to meet the U of A Mascot in his street clothes.  A really nice guy, with a great attitude despite the fact that he had apparently gotten punched in the face earlier in the evening during the ASU/UofA football game.  Seriously, he was gracious about the ASU win and seemed really happy to have any Arizona teams go to Bowl games.  I wish there were more people like him out there.We ended up leaving early because of additional drama with the patrons of this fine establishment and one of my friends.  I would be happy to never go here again.
3	I always make Margarita Rocks the second stop in my girls nights out.  Not the nicest place you'll ever go but it's fun to dance and reminds me that even though I'm a grownup now, out of college and living/working in the "real world", I can still have some crazy fun. Go before 11 and snag some free passes, promoters are always standing on the corner handing them out. Ladies- they also have some very attractive bartenders (and beer girls in bikinis to appease the guys).
3	This place reminded me of Whiskey River without the shit kickers on the beach side and more of the laid back people. There were dance offs on the floor it seemed people were having fun. 99 cent Jaeger bombers and I heard 99 cent tacos or something. There was a wet t contest with only 3 contestants it was kinda sad but entertaining nonetheless. I'd probably go again.
4	I am from out of town and always hit up this place when in town. Staff is always nice. Great service I am not sure why people are complaining about price come to SD and than complain.  Also cover is cheap along with the fake id thing could be worse. As for dressing scanteley clad the get away with murder out here for the girls boys dont complain.
4	After making it back from downtown to get our car we left on Mill, we decided it was too early to call it a night. So we walked across the street and ran into what seemed a frat party called Margarita Rocks!!  We decided to check it out... first of all let me tell you that this place isn't for everyone. I like it since it had cheap alcohol (margarita's and jagerbombers for 99 cents, domestic beer .50)  great crowd to let loose and just have a good time. Of course you can't hear the person talking to you when indoors since the music is so loud, but they make it up by having a second level and patios. Also the bikini and wet t-shirt contests and fairly attractive dancers might be a problem to some. But man, was I dressed wrong, coming from downtown, I had the wrong shoes and a collered shirt. THis place is more for the t-shirt and jeans and drinking WAY too much! after a long week, this was very much worth it!
3	3 stars about right.Nothin wrong with this place at all.  Fun times. College always is awesome.Just another club.  Was able to back that ass up on the floor though.  If you want to get your animal on and jump on the dance floor this is the place to do it.  Quite a few douches looking for fights but didnt see any trouble.
1	There were kids all over the place I felt like I just walked into a high school dance. They had specials on Jager bombs and Coors light but they "ran out" of Coors light on tap. The floors were sticky and the whole bar smelled like rotten chicken wings. It was a nightmare. Every Thursday they have a wet t-shirt contest. Some guy asked my cousin if she was going to participate and I told him she won the last time and they won't let her compete again. Wrong answer! Some girl started going on and on about how she has won the last 8 times because of her fake boobs. Hey those things aren't gonna pay for themselves! She also said the last prize was $100 and a dildo. Classy.
3	I just wanna dance!!!After a few drinks at the cue club, my group headed over to Margarita Rocks to go dancing. We picked up some free admission coups on the way over and got in free, no cover charge. We got in a bit before midnight so it was a little empty, so we did some jello shoots and test tube shots. $3 each, probably not worth it but I was already in it to win it at that point. The music is typically good, and if you're with a group, you're bound to have some fun.
1	A few years ago I would have said eh decent place but now- I don't care for this place. I think this is the one bar that attracts most of the obnoxious  college crowd and 'kids' for that matter out of all the Mill Ave bars. I have no problem with college bars but this one in particular just isn't for me- hell if you're fresh to the bar scene and just turned 21 cheers to you- this may be your intro to the bar scene, if that's your sort of thing
2	What in the hell were we thinking by going here?This place would be at home on the street with Pink Cadillac, Manny's, etc. in Rocky Point. This bar was dirty, cheaply made, had sticky floors, and when I was there had nothing going for it other than a very friendly staff. The doorman made conversation with my girl and the waitresses made conversation with me. We both felt welcomed, but it was like being welcomed to the projects in Bronx, it was just super ghetto.
2	This place cracks me up. A few years back, I had a pair of female friends who worked the beer tub while wearing their bikini's, and so I'd stop in from time to time to say hi and score a few free cocktails. At the very least, this was always an entertaining spot to do some people watching. They've both since moved on, and now the only reason I come here is when my friend has an overwhelming desire to experience what I like to call, his "T-Pain Moment". It's when he orders an Adios MF in one of their huge fishbowl chalice style and walks through the crowd, hallucinating that he's in a T-Pain video. I don't exactly get it, but I'm more than happy to help him fulfill this need from time to time, as long as we can get those "vip" cards so we don't have to pay to get int. Overall, the place is a dump, it's pretty apparent that upkeep is half-assed and thus this becomes yet another spot with a TON of potential (love the overall layout, the big dancefloor, and the second level), but c'mon with the whole "baja beach party" theme. Long overdue for a remodel and a facelift, it could really go a long way.
3	I've only ever gone on thusdays...I think it's ladies night I don't know but I've never had to pay a cover? Beers are 50 cents and margaritas and well shots were a dollar. I went here like a week after i turned 21 and I was a drunken dancing queen and in my head i was all "FuCk yaaaa PARRRRTTTYYY..."  Now a year later it's been downhill. I can't go there anymore without feeling slightly molested. I have to be in like major party want to get wasted kinda mood to come here. Even then i wear a ring and pretend i'm married. DON't HOOK UP WITH RANDOM PPL AT BARS, it's just eh. The girls that work there are all dressed in bikinis looking all hot and the decor is well what you'd expect from the name. They have a smoking patio, but the whole place is just crowded. It's just your typical college bar. The dance floor pretty much is like this. Clusters of girl trying to get their beyonce moves down, couples grinding like no one's watching, and guys doing their little break dance moves until they get close enough to a girl to leech on to. They do have a wet t-shirt contest so I was like ohh entertainment BOOBS, but sadly whenever i go the girls are just wasted and you can tell plus bras stay on so no boobs haha. Just cold wet girls...i know where their coming from though it's all fun. I've done stupid contests to, just never ones that leave me wet for the rest of the night. Think I'll pass.Anyways If you want cheap drinks, want to dance...hook up or at least try and PARTYYYY then this will do it. I'm just personally getting over it, once every couple months or so is more than enough for me.
1	I just want to get inside. Ive been there 3 times and been turned away by security for "Clothes", which were very similar to what others were getting admitted with. Forget it. I ain't going back.
3	I came here on a Thursday night, and my first warning sign should have been the cover. There was a line to get in, but only because they blacklight and scan ID's so it took a little longer than other places.Once inside, the place was a lot bigger than I expected. I was plesantly surprised to find $0.50 or 50 cent draft beers. Plus as our friend knew the bartender we got a couple rounds of free shots. So my experience here wasn't bad.There was an interesting mix of people, looked like mostly ASU college students. I wouldn't say this place is great but it also isn't bad. A good place to get some cheap drinks, enjoy some music, dance, and have fun.I missed out on the wet t-shirt contest unfortunately. But how classy can I rate this place with a wet t-shirt contest?
1	The first time I went to this joint was last October for Halloween.  I was on the patio for fresh air minding my own business when a fight breaks out next to me and one of the bouncers who was "trying" to break it up knocked me over off the barstool and I sprained my ankle.  After going back a few times, months and months later, last night I went and the service was absolutely terrible at the bar.  The bartender poured my shots I ordered and I was yelling for him to take my credit card since it was sooo loud in there.  He mistook my being loud for rudeness and threw my shots away.  Needless to say I was very very upset with how I was being treated.I do not like how you have to pay a cover, well as a girl I do not, but still its a trashy dumpy kind of place. They seem to never wash there floors as it's always sticky.  Most of the people who frequent this place seem like rift raft.  And their wet t-shirt contests just makes the women look slutty.  I would definitely not go here again!
1	Got drug into this place on Saturday night. I saw one of the prior reviews ask, "what the hell were we doing here?" We were all 21 once. That's the only excuse you have for going to this place. When you are that young, you simply don't know any better.
1	it WAS fun...last year.. cops dont do anything outside the club but let people go usually unless they r assaulted. the fact the cops have to be outside that club says something. sooo many fights... and sum days r dead.. Thursdays was great until it started getting out of hand.. it was my fav club. it just isnt the same. what happened?
2	$5 cover on mill is never fun.  This place isn't all that great and I'm surprised they are still around.  Staff isn't always that friendly and drinks aren't usually that great.  For some reason I do have a tendency to meet "interesting" people here so I guess it deserves at least 2 stars.
2	Thirsty Thursday is the only thing going for this place. I've passed this place on Fri/Sat nights and it looks dead outside. On Thursday nights, however, this place is like all of ASU packed into a gas station. A gas station with extremely watered down fuel. Now, I'm not a heavy drinker but I'm not a lightweight either and I had quite a few drinks. Despite this, I left almost completely sober and bloated. I tried. No amount of dollar margaritas and 2-dollar "jagerbombs" were going to get me drunk.Besides the weak drinks, the dance floor was packed and my drunken friends seemed to be having a blast. I'd only come back on two conditions: Thursday night, drink at the Cue Club beforehand. I didn't have to pay cover but my boyfriend did ($5) because we didn't know they had VIP card girls.
2	What I remember the most from this visit is the patio bar serving me the weakest long island ever.And the girls they hire as eye candy in front of windows who can't dance.And all the ghetto people this bar attracts. I guess the whole 2-for-1 drinks for ladies' night was cool, and the dance floor did seem pretty large. But there are too many places on this road that do it better, with better crowds. Meh.
5	If you love the night life this is the place to be.  With there cheap drinks and 10 cent wings you can't go wrong with a Thursday night here.  There inviting dance floor and exciting wet t shirts contest you will leave satisfied.  Come and join the party crew here at Margarita Rocks and see what all the fuse is about.
3	Thursday night. Cheap drinks. Ok music. Just go.
3	Thursday is the only night to go. Any other night is garbage. Thursdays tho are pretty fun. Young crowd cheap drinks.. $1 margs and beer (tho the beer may be watered down.) They have a second level that is an open patio. It is nice when it is warm out.
4	Cool place, cool music. If you like to dance definitely come here. If you don't like dancing (like me) great place to people watch.
5	The best club around. The staff is top notch, love the beach vibe!
1	This place is a hell hole.
3	I was here a few weekends ago, and I had a ton of fun. Staff was nice and our drinks were stiff. If you like to dance you'll be a fan.
