5	I shattered my iPhone screen while visiting from San Diego. I called so many places and everyone was trying to charge me $80 or more to replace and iPhone 3GS screen! Called these guys and they told me $40. He told me it would take 20-30 minutes and since I came back in an hour he was charging my phone for me since I was on low battery. Seriously awesome! Honest prices, fixes it quick, and really nice and friendly. Plus it's in a big shopping center so you can shop while you wait.
5	Great shop. Like I bonehead I drove off from my house with my iPad on top of my car and needless to say it got beat up pretty bad when it flew off onto the road. Turns out all I needed was to get the glass replaced and even though it's still a little rough around the edges, it works good as new. They had it back to me within 2 hours, it was a lot cheaper than other places were going to charge me AND I feel good that I was able to support a local business.I highly recommend this shop.
5	Super fast. Cheaper than the other places I called for my iPad screen. Super friendly. Hopefully I won't have to come back for a cracked but if it happens again ill definitely come back here.
5	They were courteous and charged what they said they would over the phone to fix our ipod touch 4th generation that had a shattered and displaced screen. It was ready within 45 minutes after I dropped it off. They were friendly and fast and I would definitely recommend them and go back if we have another shattered screen.
4	Replaced a screen on an iPad 2.  It was my daughter's iPad who had dropped and shattered it. Took longer than a couple hours but was done the same day. Not a fancy place but pleased with work and price. I would use them again if we are unlucky enough to break anything again.
5	My son dropped his iPod touch and cracked the glass, everything else worked fine just the glass was all smashed up. These guys fixed it within an hour. Very friendly and helpful and great price. I would definitely go there again.
5	Great service. Done in a few hours. Very friendly and great price. Was going to mail my iPad off for screen repair but so glad I found a reliable local business to fix my screen!  Hope I don't have to make this repair again, but if I did..... I'm heading right back to them!
5	Had the misfortune to have iPad crash to floor. Shattered glass. These guys had it repaired in less than 90 minutes. Great work!
4	This has happened twice now. My son is playing with his iPad. He goes to hand it to someone else and between the two of them they manage to drop it on to the concrete porch, shattering the glass. I have since added breakage coverage to my devices through DirecTV, but before that I had the chance to use Arizona iPhone Repair. The experience was very good. I walked in, dropped off the iPad, went shopping for a couple of hours, came back and it was done. The iPad 4 screen was $150, but I think the older models are cheaper than that. In any case, way better than buying a new one. The glass looks better than new. Highly recommended.
5	Second ipad screen I've gotten here...took an hour, they even gave me free corner repairs since I'm a repeat client.
5	Reasonable prices, super quick service, my once destroyed iPad screen looks good as new!
4	It hit the floor, next thing I know ...    they fixed it.  I thought the price was reasonable and the service was good.  Will return should the Iphone hit the floor again
5	Took 2 ipads in for repair.  He replaced the glass and corner on one ipad and replaced the LED on the other one.  Both were ready by the afternoon for pick-up.  Reasonable prices too.  Would use again and would recommend to friends.
1	What a joke! This place is ridiculous. They fixed my ipod and it looked fine - I got home and one corner was loose. It hadn't seated correctly as the glue dried. So I made a second trip back, where they heated the one corner with a hair dryer and pushed it in place. It dried and seemed okay, so I went home and put it in my Bose speaker (where it lives). A week later, I took it out and noticed a big crack across the repaired corner (from the middle top shooting off to the side).  It was obviously a pressure crack because of the corner being flexed. Even the iPod store said it was obvious what happened and that it was clearly not the result of a drop or user damage - but this place refused to make it right. They should have replaced the screen at no charge, but they did nothing and blamed it on me. BAD customer service and shoddy work. DON'T GO HERE.
4	A little pricey in my opinion but my IPad looks like new.  Overall I was pleased with the service and would use them again if needed.
5	Great customer service and repair quality -   they had me in and out in 45 minutes with an Ipad 3 screen repair.   their price was the best I found in the area.  I would recommend them.
4	Great service, fast,  friendly...... They will keep from having smart phone withdrawals and at a fair price!!
