4	This is definitely somewhere you come along to for a classic piece that you're going to keep wearing, rather than for trinkets that you'll throw into a black hole of jewellery inside a massive jewellery bag, and then probably never see the doomed item again (is that just me?).The jewels on display here are certainly of the classy variety, for proper ladies in the traditional sense, who like quite an elegant look. I think the charms on offer here are the highlight of Pandora, as there a wide selection in gold and silver, including hearts, different coloured stones, and other intricately designed adornments. The charm bracelets are a bit differently styled from the standard designs that have been around the block a few times, which I'm keen for. If I was rolling in it a bit more, I would absolutely slot my fingers into most of the rings here, as they're that great mix of classic and versatile, with a bit of that edge that surprises you and gives something quite simple a different look. Not for a thrifty day's shopping, more for a carefully planned splurge.
2	I'm a little biased when it comes to reviewing Pandora as their bestsellers are those horrific charm bracelets which I cannot stand. They don't have a shred of originality even though everyone and their Gran who buys them think they do. Still, I decided to pop into this branch on Multrees Walk to see what else this branch had to offer. Steering well clear of the naff charm bracelets I did spot a few simple understated necklaces which did look very nice and weren't ridiculously expensive either. I guess if you like Pandora jewellery then you will appreciate the items in here much more than I do and everything is very well organised so easy to have a browse around. My gripe with this branch are the staff. Nobody said hello to me and I felt really uncomfortable as every cabinet I looked in I could see the reflection of one of the staff members giving me the evil eye as if I was about to take an axe out of my bag along with a balaclava, smash all the cabinets and steal everything inside. To be honest, I quite literally wouldn't take half of the stuff in here gift wrapped. Get over yourself Pandora, in terms of jewellery shops you're nowhere near the top runners. A smile and a hello goes a long way and I hate shops where if you don't look like you're going to buy anything you get the cold shoulder. It's arrogant and rude.
2	I came in here to browse only with a friend.Boasting to have handcrafted individual pieces, you may find something special in this store. However, two stars goes to the service. In this particular store the shop assistant kept following my friend and me around- not in the helpful manner either- more like following us around like we were about to smash up a display and run with the jewels. Granted we didn't look like the clientele who wears their pieces but I felt unwelcome and don't really feel like making the effort to go into this store. This happened about 2 weeks ago, and when I decided to yelp about it I saw that another reviewer Eleanor M. had a similar experience- thus I guess it's an ongoing thing. Their staff really have to figure out their courtesy if they want people to return to their store.
