4	Big fan of Harris Teeter!This particular location had my favorite type of pick me up snack bars - KIND bars, which I sometimes have a hard time finding at other grocery stores.I appreciate the superior customer service as well.  Standing in line with my two hands loaded with a few too many items I did not intend to purchase originally, the customer service cashier walked from her open register over to me to offer me assistance and cash me out so I could avoid waiting in line.Big smiles!
3	Mixed feelings about this Harris Teeter since when they opened it there were 3 other Harris Teeters within 2miles of this location.  The location was basically a Hannaford that went under so Harris Teeter moved in.  At least the other Harris Teeter on Rea closed down and turned into a Trader Joe's, but for a while it just seemed like a bit much.It's nice that this location is 24hrs and is pretty huge.  I only use the U-scan registers but the cashier manning the station was pretty nice.
4	This Teeter has a pretty good selection of beer & wine.  Since this is a large store, they have a large selection of all sorts of grocery items. However, there are a few items that this Teeter doesn't stock that I can get at either the Arbo HT or the Providence Commons HT.
4	I love our Teeter in Stonecrest! If you can look past the horrific traffic and traffic jams upon entering the entire Stonecrest shopping center, it's as good as any. I love this location is 24 hours as well. Always nice for a late night visit when we have friends in town and don't have enough of (insert superfluous food item).The layout of this location has changed dramatically with all of the updated construction and flooring going in. It looks rather nice and is a huge improvement over the previous. The new frozen and dairy section is very impressive. Individual coolers for each category of frozen foods, cheeses, milk and so on. Much easier to navigate and the lights are super bright. The ice cream section seems even larger than before!Some of the cashiers could be a little more peppy and smile every now and again, but no complaints. The self-checkout is legit. Thanks for being in the neighborhood, Harris Teeter!
5	Best HT in Ballantyne-Stonecrest area.  Don't get me wrong, I often go to the Ballantyne one first, as the ingress / egress at StoneCrest area is maddening.  But this Teeter has the largest selection of almost anything, a big produce area, LARGE NEW SEAFOOD selection, fresh pizza kiosk, basically everything. . .but with more options.  Prices are, well, it's HT.  You're going to pay a bit more.  Staff can get a bit harried, yet they've always been nice.  PARK AWAY:  WORST DOOR DING AND DON'T LEAVE A NOTE LOT IN CHARLOTTE.  SAD.  WHEN DID THAT COMMUNITY STANDARD END?
4	This location is awesome!  It's HUGE!!!! Very clean and has an amazing variety of meats and seafood! I love the deli counter because they don't ever rush you selection and let you sample everything! They are very knowledgeable about what meats and cheeses work well together! But all of the associates are very nice and helpful regardless of the department! They also have a great selection of wine and beer! And what's not to love about that?!!?So whether you want to take your time and walk the store looking for something to make or want a quick meal that's ready to eat like pizza, fruit, fresh sandwiches and desserts! It's here! Awesome job Harris Teeter!
5	Oh, HT... how I love you so.  Any company that will allow me to do my shopping online to avoid the people on the phone with apparently nowhere to be, those fukakta giant plastic car carts or the mini-metal-ankle-bashing carts, and the stray husband who is not the main grocery-getter who is aimlessly wandering up and down the aisles muttering to himself, is a great place in my book.That's right.  I said online shopping.  Some areas even have delivery as an option.  You just sit yourself at your computer and do your grocery shopping online.  This service has saved me time, money and sanity.  Instead of rushing in hangry (that's hungry mixed with angry) after a long day at work and filling my cart with Dorito's, 2-liter Cokes and (previously) Twinkies (Damn you Hostess!  Give a girl a Ding Dong!), I can calmly, from the comfort of my sofa (or my desk at work, shhhh), with the weekly ad open so I can shop the sales, place my grocery order.  The common complaint is HT is more expensive.  Psssh.  Shop the sales!  They have B1G1 or even B2G3 on many items every week.  I have never had an issue with the "home shoppers" picking out bad meat or produce and the expiration dates on other items are generally pretty far away.  During the summer, they generally run a special that the service fee is $1.95, and for the rest of the year it's $4.95.  Five bucks for someone else to do my grocery shopping for me?  SIGN ME UP!You do your order online (keeping track of what you are spending in your cart, you KNOW how much your order is going to be and if you need to delete the extra bag of Oreos to stay under a certain amount).  You select a timeframe in which you will pick the groceries up (at least 4 hours from the time of order).  You drive to the front of the store to the parking spaces with cross-hatches painted in yellow.  You press the button on the yellow call box and when answered you give your last name.  They bring your groceries already bagged to your car, load them for you and then you pay via check or credit card.  How easy and convenient is that?!!?I do on occasion actually go into the store if I HAVE to (*groan*), which has recently been remodeled.  Clean, big, well laid out, huge selection.  Always friendly employees, many of which have been there for all the years that I have been going there, so you get consistently good service.Thank you Harris Teeter Stonecrest for doing you part to prevent my grocery-rage and keeping me out of the prison system.  My mother thanks you as well.
4	I feel strange reviewing a Harris Teeter as it is a huge chain grocery store so how can they be any different? Well, it is. I work in Blakeney, which has its own Harris Teeter but I drive the extra few miles to head to this one on Stonecrest. Why? Their delicious hot bar!Oh hot bars. I get so excited to see what they are offering that day and it never disappoints me. They always have fantastic herb baked chicken, some type of fish, fried chicken, some type of meat, and a variety of differently prepared vegetables. Conveniently located right behind the hot bar is the Asian hot bar! They have this one sushi roll that I get one of each time I go. I can't walk out without a piece. No other HT I have been to offers this huge fried roll. I literally look forward going in to work just to see what the Stonecrest HT has cooked up for me that day. Yes, my day revolves around food. If you're in the area, this is the HT to hit up. I have not bought anything from the Meat and Seafood area but the set up looks great and the selection looks extensive. I assume their groceries are great too!
1	From the north and looking for a good grocery store?  Stop wasting your time.  There is a grocery store where I grew up in NY called Wegmans and it is continuously voted #1 in the country every year, and not by a hair, it's a long shot.  So, I am not holding Harris Teeter to the same standard, but HT is terrible by any standard.  I don't know if it's the lack of food diversity in the south or HT's fault, but I have a difficult time finding many ingredients I need for cooking at home.  The prices here are higher than those of Wegmans in NY...that's right, higher than the #1 food store in the country in one of the most expensive states in the country.  The prepared foods section at HT is awful.  There are no decent hot meals; terrible taste and variety.  The bakery is no good either.  I have bought 4 different pies and returned them all.  Visit a NY bakery and learn what good is.  Deli?  Forget about it!  The standard is far below what it should be here.  I think the corporate QC people of this company need to visit some other high rated grocers around the country to learn where they're lacking.  Food Lion and Bi Lo are crap and pretend to be nothing better.  The annoying part about HT is that they charge out the roof and anyone who has never left Charlotte thinks this is the greatest place on earth.  And one last thing, what the heck is with the check outs?  They're backwards!  You hand your cart to the checkout person, they slowly unload it, the bag dispenser is on the rotating track the groceries are supposed to be on, while you're waiting to pay there is a checkout person 2 feet behind you unloading a cart and bumping into you, and you're left feeling like you just fell into an episode of the twilight zone.  The only thing I dislike about Charlotte (besides terrible drivers) is the lack of quality food and grocers.  I wish a better grocer would merge or buy HT.  Better yet, I wish a better grocer would move to Charlotte and kill HT in market share.  If you follow commercial real estate, you'll notice that HT buys prime locations where competitors make locate, and sits on them.  This is their tactic.  Don't compete in the market on quality, put up barriers to entry.  Scum bags.
