4	Skip all the -berto's, skip Juan's, if you are looking for a consistently delicious Mexican taco/burrito shop, go to Regio's.  When I first moved here two years ago it was called Antonio's, somewhere along the line they changed the name to Regio's and I was afraid my delicious secret was gone, but the menu remained unchanged.  LIke the others, the food is so cheap I periodically try to run the numbers to see how they could possibly be profitable (to reassure myself it is not a drug front), and while I haven't cracked that equation, I also don't equate them with crack.  See what I did there?  Standing favorites are: all of the breakfast burritos, Shrimp Burrito or Tacos, Carnitas or Adobada Burrito, and Ceviche Tostada.  My only real word of advice is if you order a standard meat burrito, tell them to go easy meat and load you up on the salsa, guacamole and diced onions and cilantro.  My first few burritos were so thickly stuffed with meat...(insert inappropriate meat-stuffing joke here).  The only things really preventing Regio's from five-star status are that they are not 24 hours, and I have an unconfirmed suspicion that one visit may have given me food poisoning.  I am still searching for the real killers.
5	I absolutely agree with the post before me! It's a random tiny plaza off Indian School and the 51 on the SW corner Hands down, best fast, cheap Mexican I've tried in the central phoenix-ish area!! My all-time fave is a bean and cheese burrito with onions inside, enchilada style.  I also LOVE their quesadillas, which come with pico de gallo and guacamole and sour cream (which I never get at any of the "other" places- always have to order it seperately)! I seriously love this place!
5	Best place around. i really wish they were 24 hrs, but that is my SINGLE complaint. give lots of hot sauce too (my girlfriend loves it). i agree with Khi, i dont think they are doing illegal things (HA HA Khi,), but there prices are so low its hard to figure out the numbers. who cares, the food is great. the carnitas is off the chain, lemme tell you. they also have menudo on saturdays (possibly sundays?) AWESOME. right on the corner of the 51 freeway and indian school rd.
5	I have eaten many, many things at Regio's.  It is very clean, very friendly and absolutely delicious....Please try Regio's...awesome;   it is VERY inexpensive, as well.
4	I've passed by Regio's plenty of times and I wish I had tried them sooner! Tucked right next to the 51 on Indian School, Regio's is far from an optimum location, but I can agree with most of the other reviews so far and say that the food is poppin'! I got a gordita plate from them on New Year's Day, and I was way surprised! It was delicious, and it helped settle my stomach after a night of properly ringing in 2011...I want to go back as I write this to try their sopes! If their carne asada and their al pastor gorditas are any indicator, I will sure be in for a delicious treat! If you live in Central Phoenix and fancy some good, cheap Mexican food from a local joint, get your buns over to Regio's. I personally think I found my new regular spot for some Mexican chow.
4	Fast, cheap, fresh, great flavor and super close to home!This is a perfect neighborhood place.  Decor sucks, menu on wall and handed out is only a fraction of what's available, based on all the hand written signs for other items they have.We have better luck getting the order to-go from the counter instead of the drive-thru.  That way, we can pack our own salsas from the variety avaialbe - or risk getting none in the bag if we're too lazy to leave our car.So far, I've been stuck on the carnitas and pollo asado mini tacos - I really want to explore more of the menu - but can't get away from the YUM I know!Did share the roommate's quesadilla once - GREAT tortilla!  So happy to have it close and open late!
5	Tasty, filing food that leaves a smile on your face and your wallet.
5	Awesome fish tacos & chicken tacos (crispy n delicioso!) We will be returning for the rest of the menu!
5	Excellent little inexpensive neighborhood Mexican food.  Found it by accident, but we loved it and will definitely be back!
5	I stumbled upon this Mexican food place on accident one evening a year or so ago. Starving on my way home from work, I thought Mexican food would hit the "comfort food" nook in my stomach whose needs I definitely had to accommodate. I was pleasantly surprised when my drive-thru order was ready lickety-split, and yet the food tasted fresh out of the oven upon return to my house 20 minutes later. My favorite part of this restaurant besides the insanely delicious authentic selection and fantastic prices? The "God Bless America" sign on the drive-thru window.
4	Regio's, wonderful Regio's. I really love this place. The bacon breakfast burritos will keep you full for about a whole day. Also, the salsas are great! I'd love to see this place get more business. It is usually the same staff working every time I go in so it seems like they are working their tails off!Tortas, nachos, breakfast burritos: all fantastic. Enchiladas are just okay.
5	I go to Regio's a lot; today I went and want to reiterate how great I think it is.  I have been going there for a couple years - have never been disappointed in anything I've ordered.  Their beans are delicious, as is their menudo (only on Saturday and Sunday, unfortunately), and eveything else: tacos, burritos, enchiladas, chile rellenos, etc, etc, etc. is great.  It is so inexpensive it's hard to believe.  Today my bff and I had 5 tacos and an order of beans (between us) and it was $10. HELLO! We had the mini-tacos, but we were stuffed and left there saying how wonderful it was and how full we were.  Check it out next time you're in the mood for some awesome, authentic Mexican food.  You will be glad you did.  Yummy.
4	It's everything you can hope for: cheap, fast, and really good. A rather hearty taco was under $2. After the simply OK La Nopalito near my hotel, this was a very welcome surprise. Phoenix doesn't seem to have any specialty besides Mexican or "Southwestern" (read: Americanized Mexican). So, I am happy to have had some good Mexican while in town.
3	The carne asada was ok, but it was not awesome.
5	Excellent breakfast burritos for under $4! Great horchata too. That's all I had, but I'm giving them 5 stars for these 2 items.
4	Stopped here real briefly to get some food to before I dropped off my rental car at the airport.....I snagged a delicious, humongous burrito for like $5 that kept me satisfied my entire red-eye flight back to the east coast. Would definitely come here again.
5	The best breakfast burrito I've ever had (egg, white cheese, and sausage). Worked a different shift for a few weeks, went here for breakfast almost every morning, lol. Good people, good food, and good price.
2	Ordered a taco and 2 tamales. The carne asada was slimey and the tamales were small. Won't eat here again.
5	This isn't a fancy place, but the food I had was delish!!  I had fish tacos because that is my favorite Mexican food to try at new eateries; I was not disappointed.  The prices are reasonable and the place was clean.
5	Dive Mexican that's delicious when sober. Plus you get authenticity points for going to a place not ending in -berto's.The chicken is cooked in the sauce. I cannot over-emphasize this point. It is thus properly flavored chicken because it is cooked in the sauce.Also super-cheap: $7 with drink.
5	Awesome breakfast burritos. They're huge and have the perfect combination in each bite. We loved how you could pick from multiple hot sauce flavors. My burrito was the bacon, egg, cheese and potato. It's usually my go to choice which gives me a standard in which I use to rate which is best. I ate half and saved the other half for dinner which was the perfect amount.
5	Awesome breakfast burritos. They're huge and have the perfect combination in each bite. We loved how you could pick from multiple hot sauce flavors. My burrito was the bacon, egg, cheese and potato. It's usually my go to choice which gives me a standard in which I use to rate which is best. I ate half and saved the other half for dinner which was the perfect amount.
3	decent regular menu, awesome breakfast, but i got a torta yesterday that was awful. random cheap slice of american cheese, one little spot of beans, pressed so much that it was falling apart.
4	Great burritos. Good price. I usually go here for lunch but that is not to say the breakfast burritos aren't delicious. Added bonus: they have those little machines you put a quarter in and get a piece of jewelry. Now I have an awesome double heart ring that turns my finger green!
1	All these 5 star food reviews confuse me... Hubs and I both thought the food bland and the staff lacked any customer service skills. I would prefer any of the "berto's" over regio's... Which isn't really a compliment know matter how you look at it.
5	We used to live in Prescott Valley and we had a favorite breakfast burrito place that we frequented almost weekly. We moved to Denver 4 years ago, and have been forever in search of a place that makes breakfast burritos as good as our beloved place, and have yet to find it. We are in Phoenix for the week visiting family, and considered actually driving 2 hours up to PV just for one of their burritos, but instead went on Yelp to find a good local place. Well, Regio's is it! Fat, full of chorizo, cheese and potatoes, with homemade sauces to pour on top. Delicious! Too bad we had to travel 800 miles to find it! We will be back!
5	Best Huevos Ranchero I have ever had.  Super friendly staff, my food was ready quick, was hot and delicious and well priced for the quality and amount of food.  This will be a favorite of mine once I move to AZ officially.
5	Awesome fast service,  good atmosphere,  and great food. Was in and out and full of awesome food.
5	Regio's is the best. I spent a long time looking for "cheap" Mexican food in the area and all of the 'Bertos just didn't cut it because the quality was ehhhhh. I've been going to Regio's for about 7 years and I still crave their rolled tacos plate, bean and cheese burrito, and breakfast burritos (served all day!) Their menudo is also really yummy! The food quality has stayed great throughout the years and I know that every time I go, I won't be disappointed. Regio's is family owned and from what I've seen, they treat all their customers with respect. Love this place. Love.
1	Terrible customer service. Unbelievably disappointing, I would walk an extra mile or five to avoid ever coming here again. Food was mediocre for being traditional.
5	Great horchata and the servings were big. A great deal for your money. The shredded beef in my burro was so good and also had onions, peppers, cheese and tomato. The tortilla was so soft and... just perfect. My enchilada w/ red sauce was delicious. Definitely will be back. Everything was hot and stayed hot the entire time. It's just an all-around solid authentic Mexican food place.
4	The tacos were delicious. The corn tortillas and refried beans were homemade and tasty. The suelas plate was seasoned perfectly and the meat tender.
