3	I stopped by the Pig-n-Whistle to grab a drink while waiting for my wife to finish up with her retail therapy. Her shopping pushed us into the lunch zone so I returned to order the Pig Plate for about $8. You get some pig with some BBQ sauce  plus two sides. The mashed potatoes were a little to runny or watery for my taste and really didn't taste too good. The beans were ok, I would rate them as average. The pork was good, but next time I'll tell them not to put the BBQ sauce on the meat. I really enjoyed the free refills on the soda.
1	I really don't expect much out of a food-court place, but even so, this place was pretty disappointing.First off, I was planning on ordering a brisket plate with mac-and-cheese and hushpuppies, and an iced tea. They were out of brisket, out of mac-and-cheese, and had discontinued the hushpuppies even though they were still on the menu. Oh yeah, and there was no iced tea and no ice (they did refill the ice). So zero percent of what I wanted was available.I ended up ordering pulled chicken, with mashed potatoes and corn on the cob. The chicken was pretty dry and tasteless, even with the rub, and the sauce was pretty bland. The mashed potatoes were old, and had some kind of weird skin (not a potato skin, more like the skin you see on pudding). The corn on the cob was actually ok.To their credit, they did give me a discounted price because of everything being unavailable.If you're stuck eating at the food court at the outlets, I'd suggest going to one of the safer places, like the Chinese place, or the sandwich place.
2	I should have known better. Or at least expected less. Pork was extremely bland and hush puppies were so dense they were barely cooked. Mac-n-cheese, however, was decent enough.
3	I agree with the other reviews that the sides are lacking, specially in flavor. Pork and brisket were surprisingly good and I really liked the chipotle BBQ sauce.
1	I don't normally feel the need to write a review, but we stopped in to grab some "memphis rub bbq" the other day while passing through. Sounded good, slow-roasted memphis rub bbq, right??.  NOT.  This was without a doubt nothing more than boiled meat with regular bbq sauce on top. Bland, watery, stringy boiled meat. The entire family felt the same way. I think what bothers me the most is the very obvious lack of care and effort in making "bbq" and then charging $9 for a "platter" that consists of scant portions of ordinary potato salad (walmart or costco came to mind) and a few tablespoons of baked beans (which were the best part of the meal). I don't like being ripped off, and definitely felt this place is out to rip off people. NO effort whatsoever to try and make realy bbq.This is NOT slow roased "memphis rub bbq". It is boiled meat in water. Horrible.
3	BBQ sauce was good and so were the sides. A bit of sweet and a bit of spice. Not bad at all and we will be back. The sides are a bit lacking, but, add more sauce to the beans and they're MUCH better. Try the coleslaw on the pulled pork...very nice.
