5	I just gave birth to my son and I was looking for a gym and an experienced trainer to get my pre-pregnancy body back.  I have joined several gyms, taken yoga classes, and worked with several different trainers in the past, but this gym is by far the best I have seen and experienced.  My brother, who is a complete work-out fanatic, highly suggested for me to check out this particular gym.  He was thoroughly impressed with the equipment and atmosphere.  I am so glad that I did and now I am a very happy 24 Hour Fitness member.  If anyone is looking for an excellent trainer...Rowina Cariquitan is the BEST personal trainer I have ever worked with!  She is so professional, knowledgeable, PASSIONATE and inspirational.  Rowina really cares to heal and help those who want to achieve their health goals.  I strongly recommend her to anyone who wants to get in shape...mind and body.  I wanted to continue to train with her, but money was a little tight in our household for the moment and she insisted to still meet with me monthly to take my measurements, check in to see if I was still on track with my weight loss/exercise program and send me emails on how to get healthier.  Rowina Cariquitan really cares and she is sincerely the best!  Thank you Chris for recommending her to me.  I feel confident that I chose the right gym:)Sincerely,Jean
1	This gym is nice and clean but most of the staff are rude... so rude I am thinking about switching gyms..... 1 star
4	This is one of the nicest gyms in town. Aside from the outdoor pool (I'm not a fan), this gym has all of the newest equipment. I enjoy the cardio equipment with Nike+ along with personal monitors. The Hoist equipment is awesome. The staff is never rude to me and I enjoy the Group X classes, especially Yoga with either Susi, Gez or Rabeeya.
4	i gotta say... this gym is WAY BETTER THAN LVAC!! Also if you ever want to play competitive pick up basketball, then come here at 4pm mon-fri and tast your bball skillz!!!
4	This is a very new facility with very new equipment, very new furniture, very new locker rooms, and plenty of square footage. Just a bit more than your average 24 Hour Sports.Is it worth paying $15mo more? Well, if you need brand new fitness equipment, I suppose. It you are a serious gym-rat, there's more free-weights at the 24 on Eastern/Sunset.I came at night, so I wasn't able to use the outdoor pool/sundeck (and I can't imagine wanting to use it during the winter), but I'm sure it's awesome during the summer season.
3	Not a true super sport, the pool is outside. Otherwise, the gym is super clean and the machines are top-notch. The manager that was dealing with upgrading my membership was not super friendly. I say "dealing" because she seemed pretty bothered by having to talk with me.  She was not at all dressed like a trainer. She had on leggings that looked more like tights and 5 inch stilettos, which I found totally inappropriate. After upgrading me, she didn't offer me a tour of the facility or anything. She just sat there and started looking at something else on her computer screen. I had to ask her for a receipt for which she replied "oh, we just email it." Then, back to her computer screen.  Her indifference to customer service was beyond rude and her "outfit" more appropriate for a nightclub than for a gym. Up-side, the front desk staff was pretty helpful and offered to give me a tour instead.
4	Nice new gym!  Huge bonus is that they have an outdoor pool which is rad.The gym itself is great.  A large selection of cardio equipment, some with personal TVs.  Weight lifting machines look decent and plentiful.  They have a nice area to work on strength training and abs.Locker rooms are clean, staff is friendly.  As with all super sports they do have towel service.  Aerobics rooms are nicely maintained and have cubicles with digital locks.  Will continue to come here on my frequent visits!
3	Way nicer than the other crap hole 24 hour fitness locations on this side of town.
4	Convenient, clean and never seems to feel overcrowded.Love the spin classes, haven't tried others yet but so far, so good.I think the Kids Club check-in could be more efficient. They have a fingerprint scan check-in to the gym, could apply this to the Kid area to keep things moving more swiftly and not create the big lines for 1-at-a-time check-in/out.Some Kids staff very friendly, some seem like they'd rather be anywhere but there.Overall, a really nice gym.
4	Just rejoined 24hr for many reasons, one being this place is on my way home and a lot closer to home for those weekend workouts!  I have been shocked on how its not overcrowded with people during the busy times.  I hate having to stand and wait for machines or feel I need to rush.  So far the employee's have been very helpful and nice with my questions.  Its clean and I like the openness of the gym.I have not tried the classes yet but I am sure I will soon.  Still getting into the swing of it.  I think the only bad thing, driving in or leaving with In-n-Out, Smashburger, Panda, etc... all around you.  Just say no, ha-ha!
5	Over the course of my life, I have been a member of a few gyms, and this particular 24 hour fitness location is pretty much the best I have seen. Their facility is filled with relevant, working equipment that is always clean and in good shape. Their staff are very nice and personable. Their spa area is always clean and has been up 98% of the time I have gone. Also, the members here, seem to all be very nice and entertaining as well.Personally, I spend 2-3 hours a day here. I run on the treadmill (of which there seems to be plenty available and open all the time), I do strength exercises (using their wide selection of weights and weight equipment), and I swim every day. They have a nice 25 yard outdoor pool that is heated, so even in the winter, I am out there in the warm water. The sauna is kept at a manageable temperature, which is more that I can say for the other 24 hours fitness locations in town.I am also there with Ryan my trainer three days a week. Ryan and I see eye to eye on pretty much everything. He keeps me motivated, yet we still have time to talk about the hot chicks or life in general, and even hang out outside of the gym. He has really become a good friend and someone I respect a lot.Most of the staff know me by name, and we stop and chat throughout my time there each day. They are all very into fitness and know that I am too from my high intensity workouts with Ryan. We share that in common, so there is plenty to talk about. Not to mention that some of the staff are hot chicks!! ;)All in all, the staff is great, the facility is always in working condition (thanks Brian), the place is clean, your fellow subscribers are top not buttheads. This place is the best.
1	Locker was robbed at this location. Staff member said this is a common crime there -yet rarely reported. A simple warning sign would have been helpful not a -weak disclaimer. There is so much that could be done to prevent this -though staff and corporate arrogantly do nothing.
4	Get in, sweat your butt off, get out!! I love it here!! Great vibe,great equipment and NO CONTRACT!
5	I have been a member of other fitness clubs in town and I love this location. There are many machines and the place is very clean. All equipment works very well and I have not had any problems with anything there. There is an abundant staff on hand to answer any questions. I also like that there are so many different age groups of members  here working out, not all young 20 year olds. It's good to see everyone working on a healthy workout regimine for their lifestyle.
3	This gym is actually fairly close to me, but it's also the one 24 that I try to avoid.Positives:1. Rest rooms are clean2. Friendly staff3. Plenty of equipmentNegatives:1.  Crowded, even after 9 pm.  There's a lot of cardio equipment, free weights, and machines. But not enough when this place is packed. 2.  Too much socializing, not enough working out. Not the best place to superset or volume train since equipment is always taken by people not even working out. I admit, I even fell into this trap. Been here only three times, and ended up on a date twice.  I guess some may consider this a positive.If you like a gym to socialize, then this is your place. If you want to meet your next date or hook up, then this is your place. If you're going to the gym to get an intense workout, go somewhere else.
5	Staff is attentive to the needs of their customers, kids club staff take great care of my 1 year and 3 year old. Gym is always clean, management is on top of maintaining equipment. I've been to many 24 fitness gyms across the country plus I'm also a member of LifeTime fitness in Summerlin! With th that said, I still rate Centennial the better gym! Thanks staff... Keep up the great work. Cheech and Tiny
5	Love this gym. Always clean, never super crowded, awesome staff. Never had any problems here. If you want to talk to an awesome manager, ask for Kevin. Awesome dude.
4	I've been a member of all the gyms here in town. By far I like 24 hour the best, I have done some traveling and been able to use the 24 hour fitness in other states no problem. Just like any other gym you get the occasional DB's that walk around with the sole purpose of checking out woman, or dropping weights and grunting to show the gym just how b.a. baracass they are. 24 hour is always clean and they have tons of newer equipment that seems to be kept in good order. With health being the modern fad, they gym tends to get a bit crowded at peak hours. So my advise it to not go at peak hours unless you are forced to.24 hour offers plenty of free classes, just make sure you get there an hour before the class starts and sign in for the class to secure your spot.
4	This is a review update of the 24 Hour Fitness (Super Sport) located in Centennial.  My initial visit came with only 3 stars, but my most recent stops up'd my rating.Why?1.  I come to realize that this is one of the cleanest 24's in Las Vegas.2.  One of the spacious 24's with a ton of equipment.3.  Yes it gets busy, but I no longer workout around people.  Now, they workout around me.  4.  Always a great staff5.  Close to home6.  Close to a lot of post-workout meals (although, not the healthiest). Like all other gyms, this one gets busy during the peak hours.  My only gripe is not with the gym, but with the people that workout at this gym.  This is a Super Sport, so towels are provided.  During the later hours, no one seems to take care of their towels and leave them on the equipment.  There are times when I walk up to a bench, squat rack, or cardio equipment and not sure if it's taken or not.  I don't mind people using their towels to mark their territory because they can be circuit training or in a middle of a giant-set.  But I do mind, when it's left there because they are too lazy to clean up their own mess.
1	I moved to this facility because the Cheyenne/Rainbow club closed.  So far it's been ok but nothing to get excited about.  More later as my experience with the staff and facility develops.REVIEW UPDATE: It only took a couple of months to experience negativity.  Managers are unresponsive to messages left with staff.  Personal training experience less than desirable.  Although you will see attempts by the club manager to be apologetic in their posts to Yelp, there's no action behind their words.
5	Awesome gym! Trainers are top notch! Getting crowded though.
4	This is a nice gym however it is not as clean as it could be during the day or night. The main reason I like this location is because it has basketball court. But you figure with all the money they make through their overpriced membership, they would fix things that are not working in a timely fashion. One of the rims on the court has a broken spring, so your ball doesn't bounce much.That's really my only gripe. The people I meet here are pretty chill and most of the staff is way more amicable than the one in Summerlin.
5	I absolutely love this gym! It's pretty much always busy, but never so busy that you can't workout. They have top of the line equipment and it is always clean. Every time I walk in, everyone is super nice and welcoming. Also, even though we all need to make a buck , there's no car salesman feeling when they talk to you about buying a membership or personal training. They have an outdoor swimming pool - which is a MAJOR plus! They also have an outdoor turf with an awning so you can workout without the sun baking you. You have to bring your own basketball but they have a great court!
5	This place is very reasonable for the simple fact there's no contracts. I can end my membership at anytime without having to pay extra fees. At one point o time I wasn't able to afford my payments, and I was told that instead of closing it out I can freeze it for 6mts. I was so happy to hear that cause I really liked it there. The place is very clean. Especially the women's locker room. Their bathrooms and showers are very clean in there. the staff is awesome by the way and very helpful.
5	What a beautiful gym. It has all of the basic necessities and is half as crowded as the other popular gym. I came for a Zumba class and ended up on the treadmill of doom. I did not know that they made a machine that had an elevation of 30. Combine that at a speed of 3mph and you can burn 800 calories in 35 minutes. I have never seen this Godsend of a machine. I wish that my gym had one. I would be on that all the time!
4	This gym is great, all the machines I use are always available.  Couple things I don't like though.  Number 1 and most importantly, there is no wi-fi!!!! Really??? With all the members and payments they get, there isn't any available?? Why?!?!
5	Compared to most of the 24 hour fitnesses that I've been to. This one has to be by far the best. Only because all the ones in the bay are often cramped or are missing certain amenities. Seriously.. this one has an outdoor pool (no one likes chlorinated intoxicated pools), basketball court, day care, work out room for group exercises... you name it. I'm sure they have it!This gym is relatively empty in my opinion! I'm surprised at how much space there was to move around!! All the machines had pretty good distance between them. Weights stacked all along the back wall (one down side is it gets separated for entrance to basketball court). TRX machine, and stretch area. All the fun cardio machines and weight machines that you need. Sure, they might not have certain machines you want for a muscle, but you can always improvise. Ab machines... not much. So be sure to use your free weights. Overall clean, spacious, and not crowded. Will be coming back when I visit Vegas!!
4	I like this location because it's fairly roomy and you can get a machine almost any time, and the staff always greets me hello and goodbye. (Small thing, but it makes a difference.) If I tweet that I'm there, 95% of the time I get an "Enjoy your workout" tweet back, another small thing that makes a difference.My biggest problem has to do with the members not cleaning machines or sitting bare on the benches in the locker room, when sanitizer and towels are provided and included in the fees. My personal favorite thing to hate, is moving a bench over and doing an entire workout of lifting/pressing in the guided squat rack. I know there are others, but for people with lower back issues, the stabilization that particular one offers is the only way they can squat.
4	This gym has great staff, it's clean and has an open floor plan and feel. It can be busy but not super crowded. It has a great outdoor pool area. Would have given 5 stars, but the spa has maintenance issues sometimes.
5	Great staff and trainers.  I have yet to see equipment broken - ok I think once or twice but there was other equipment that could be used in place of it.  The place is perfectly clean and spotless.  This is a great gym, no complaints at all and I been going for a month.  Yea, membership fees are a bit high and no family packages but that's not the gym's fault.
4	I have to say the thing that sold me on this particular location was the outdoor pool.  So nice to swim outdoors especially at night this past summer.  I also enjoy the class sizes and instructors, the variety of equipment and free weights.  There are plenty of off to the side spaces for individual floor work/stretching and the cycle room is fantastic.  I haven't been on the basketball courts much but they seem to get plenty of use.  Just a couple of hiccups in that at peak times they really could use more custodial staff as things can get a bit trashed in the showers, bathrooms, steam room and throughout the gym which can be off putting so I tend to avoid late mornings, late afternoons and early evenings.  Maintenance is much improved I have noticed and equipment downtime are minimal.  Overall I really am a fan of this location.  The members are courteous, positive & friendly and the staff are for the most part approachable and help to create a comfortable/safe environment.  Actually the people are what keep me coming back.
2	This 24 Hour location is really busy and the equipment is worn out. I did not like this particular 24 Hour.
5	After the Cheyenne/95 gym aka, "The Dungeon", this is by far one of my favorite gyms after gym hopping throughout the valley.  I love the layout and the fact that they have an outdoor pool which is awesome during the warmer months to evoke the feeling of swimming in a lake while working on your tan at the same time. Not that I didn't get that feeling from other 24 hour gyms, I find that this one has a very family oriented feeling. Rest assured if your car has gotten broken into like I had at another location as this gym has become saturated with cops. And yes, I saw an off duty cop coming in to workout bust a thief breaking into a patron's car.  Last but not least, I enjoy the free towel service and electronic lockers when available which is a big bonus for someone who forgets their towel and lock. The downside is the peak hours where it could get really busy scrambling for a machine in which I value the Molasky gym.
3	Lots of cardiovascular equipment it could be more well maintained and only two squat rack,  one Smith smith machine so this can cause line ups in this area.  But kits of free weights,  friendly staff and members and lots of other machines
5	Joined this Gym last summer. Love that they have everything my family needs; pool, basketball, and a great variety of equipment. The pricing is reasonable and the staff is very friendly. I would definitely recommend this gym.
4	Can get busy sometimes but definitely one of the better gyms in town considering it has a basketball court. Place can get quiet messy with people not putting their weights back and towels laying around everywhere. Staffs are quiet friendly here so thats a plus. Overall, a great place to work out and just shoot some hoops.
5	I've been a member of this location going off and in between here and LVAC for quite some time. In my experience this 24 Hour is this cleanest gym I have been to, EVER. Sometimes I get ready and shower for work right at the gym and their showers here are always clean, always. I haven't ran into anything questionable or disgusting. I appreciate that. The staff had always been friendly as well. Lastly even during the "rush hours" it still doesn't seem crowded. I love this location :)))
5	I had a membership here for the first year I lived in Vegas, but transferred to the Gold's Gym off of Loose when I moved; what a mistake!I will be rejoining this 24 very shorty. One of the best gyms I've been to due to cleanliness, equipment variety, no large groups of teens (like Gold's), and plenty of space to workout in.
3	Before now I would've given this gym 5 stars. I'm a regular there and literally get excited to work out at this 24 hour location. I came in for a tour and I converted over from LVAC (still kept their cheap membership because sometimes I like working out with the bf who refuses to leave them). I am paying over twice the amount for this gym, but for me it was worth it. Not overly huge, not crowded (at least at night when I go), clean facility, bball court, great locker room, and right down the street from my house:) So what's not to love ?Ummmm how about finding out that your 24hour gym REALLY isn't quite a 24 hour full service gym?! My sister has a membership at LVAC and I've been trying to convert her over the 24 so we can workout together. We both work swing shifts and workout at night. I put her on my list for a week pass (in hopes that I'll obtain a new workout buddy and earn THEM more business). So I kid you not we both get off work at 11pm and our text goes like this:Sister: meet me at LVAC we can workout together!me: I can't go to LVAC I'm sorry lol... I'm so unproductive there in fact I'm canceling tomorrowSister: one last day. I need you.Me: dude I can't work out there.Come to 24(:She agrees we get to 24 and they're like "oh yeah come back during normal business hours or pay $25" ARE YOU SERIOUS?!? She was on my list they made me create when I signed up -____________-So this really irritated me because I've never ever been to a gym where they turned away the buddy pass because it wasn't "normal business hours" I can name 2 other chains of gyms around the valley that have a night manager ... In a 24 hour city..... Makes sense to me. And I'm a regular there I'mNot trying to screw them over I'm trying to bring them business! They couldn't make an exception and note my account for an extra body in their gym? A one-time gesture ? Nothing? Okay. So that pissed me off and my sister wasn't going to pay $25 for a DAY pass. Not a week pass. A DAY pass. So she went home and I felt bad and worked out but couldn't even get a full workout in because I was just unimpressed with the lack of customer service. If I would've just accepted her invitation to the other gym....Needless to say, I won't be canceling my other gym membership (because miraculously they can make simple things happen) and I'm going to consider canceling this membership. I'm not on a contract with either gym so I'm not losing money either way. You'd just think for a nearly $50 a month membership, you could bring your buddy in for the night and try to get them to switch gyms. Yes I love this gym, the location, the machines, etc. But sometimes poor customer service puts a bad taste in your mouth and things aren't ever really the same. By the way, I'm not blaming the guy at the desk who "helped" me. I'm sure he was just doing his job, but these policies should really be reconsidered. And the hunt for the perfect gym continues .....
2	When the gym first opened and I joined it was pristine. I understand that as a gym ages things get broken and old. However, lately it feels like management takes no pride. Machines are broken for weeks. Other equipment are broken as we'll without any visible effort to fix them.  As expensive as membership fees are, there's really no excuse for letting a gym get so decrepit. Many of the fitness instructors have also left to go to other gyms. I honestly stay because it's the only gym near my work. I wish some other club would open giving them so competition and incentive to make the gym nice again.
1	I've been a member there since it was Family Fitness. The last several years at the Cheyenne and Rainbow location. They were closing down this location and building another "super sport" lol it's a joke. .. location on Centennial. As I knew of this in advance I tried switching over to the new Centennial location prior to the closing but they wanted me to go from $12 a month to $39 a month. As I tried to explain and negotiate several mouths in advance of closing of my location and opening of new location the best they would offer me was $32 a mouth. They must be like car salesman and working on commission.  So after about a year or so I was gonna need shoulder surgery I called the Member Services to put a hold on my membership because I was going to be unable to work-out for several mouths. The manager asked me for a doctors note? Like I would lie about that for some reason. I am a 50 year old man I haven't been in school for over 31 years. I cancelled my membership. I plan on going to Las Vegas Athletic Club. I hope they treat me better there.
5	This is my favorite gym out of all the 24 hr fitness in Las Vegas. It's very clean and newer than the other locations. I've been instructing here for two years and absolutely love the members. Very nice!
1	My doctor recommended I join a gym however the manager Josh doesn't seem to be a good listener or manager.  Customer service is very important and I refuse to give my money to any business that does not value me as a customer.  Josh needs to be replaced or the company gives him a course in customer service and he understands the value.
5	24 Fitness@ Ann Rd is very good gym. The staff keep it clean & the equipment is always in good repair. The friendliness of the 24 staff has gotten better. I started at the Ann Rd location the 1st day it opened & the staff were less welcoming. That has changed over the,last few years. My wife & I feel that the ambassador for Ann Rd is Cindy Strausser at the Reception Desk. Cindy is always smiling & friendly when she greets the guests of 24. Even when she's there on her personal time, getting her workout in, Cindy still manages to speak to everyone & it seems to us that she even remembers everyone's name.  I would definitely recommend this location to my friends.
