4	Baja Fresh Mexican Grill,Excalibur Hotel,L.V.,N.V. If ya haven't visited "Baja Fresh" you should! Simple bright flavours of traditional Mexico made fresh & fast. Awesome self-serve condiment bar with your choice a salsas including Tomatillo, mole,guacamole,ranchero and a variety of peppers from hell-hot Haberneros to mild jalapenos. You should Go!
1	If you like stinky-smelly-dirty food then sure you can eat here. The food has no flavoring and the order is put together super sloppy. I asked for guacamole & sour cream on my burrito and she said I choose the Mexican burrito so I can't add it. Before paying for my food I had to ask the cashier to give me a side of guacamole...Drama! The burrito was so nasty I just are some of the tortilla and was done.
3	Sure it's not gourmet.  But I actually had a pretty decent 2 taco fish combo. The guy behind the counter was a little slow, but the food was quick and fresh and good.  Beans and rice were also good.  Excellent drink dispenser, lots of room and lots of seats.When you are really tired of paying the exhorbant prices at the restaurants in the casinos, try something like this.  You may find a hidden gem.  If nothing else, it'll give you a quick break from the smokey casinos.
1	I like Baja Fresh, just not this location.  I was walking through the Excalibur hotel looking for something quick to take back to my room to eat when I came across this place. The guy taking my order was not paying attention when I was placing my order. Even though I was the only one in line, he was busy doing other things as I was telling him what I wanted. Not surprisingly he got my order completely wrong. I had ordered a Burrito Mexicano, Enchilado Style. He tried to give me a regular Baja Burrito. As I was explaining to him, and the lady at the counter, what I wanted he walked away again. I was then not surprised when he took that Baja Burrito and threw it in the oven with some salsa and chips to make it Enchilado Style. I flagged the guy down and let him know that it was not what I wanted. I wanted a Burrito Mexicano! He seemed annoyed by me, and I was definitely annoyed that he couldn't stand still for long enough to take my order correctly. It took awhile, but I was able to finally get my order right in the end. I should have known better than to go to a place like Baja Fresh in Las Vegas when there are so many other unique options available. Service can really kill an appetite, and my experience at this Baja Fresh made me lose mine.
5	The baja shrimp burrito is delicious.  The food is very fresh and tasty. The baja salsa has alot of flavor and taste good. The guacamole was very chunky and had a pleasant zesty flavor. The place was clean and the salsa bar was well stocked. It was very quick to get my food out and tasted great
1	I was quite excited to see there was a Baja Fresh inside my hotel. Unfortunately, my craving for their amazing food, was left unsatisfied. The style of this location is very Chipotle like, their customer service was basic and the food was so unfortunate.
3	Their burritos and reg tacos may be good, I don't know. Their fish tacos however are a far cry from good ones. Avoid these. Nevada is land locked after all so seafood is not recommended.
5	My favorite place for awesome and fresh fast food. That had a lot of good choices.  The bar where you can add different salsas,   different peppers, fresh cilantro is awesome and fresh. Descent prices for Vegas.
