3	The mission: good Mexican food in Glendale. Should be like shooting fish in a barrel, right? You'd be surprised how much mediocre and downright bad Mexican food there is on the West Side.Not only that, but I like a place with table service and booze, and if my server speaks English, or at least as much of it as I speak Spanish - that's a bonus. We'll meet halfway.I was a little anxious about trying El Charrito. I had only found reviews on less-trustworthy sites than Yelp, and they have a website -- a pretty nice one at that. Seems like places with great downhome cooking don't have websites, and if they do, they're crappy.However, El Charrito surprised me. I have been to Caramba, across the street, many times, and never noticed El Charrito. It's between a tattoo shop and something unremarkable.Inside, it's brightly painted, yet cozy, due to the low ceilings and dim lighting. Seating is mostly booths, which I dig. There is also a bar. The two big TVs were showing wrestling and Good Evening Arizona.Our friend was already at the table, so we joined her and immediately plowed into the chips. OMG. They were so light and crisp. Not as warm as I would like. But so light. The salsa, well... it was the traditional style, and just salty, not very spicy or otherwise flavorful.The menu features all your traditional favorites, plus some more upscale options such as mojo garlic shrimp and chicken mole. I also noted some specials that looked promising, like a grilled fish with spinach.When it came time to order, we had some communication issues with our server. But we got through it, thanks to the universal language of food and lots of hand signs. I ordered a Negra Modelo and the pollo asado. It looked really good, and the portions were generous. It came with a huge salad (nothing fancy, just your usual iceberg, tomatoes, etc.), a pool of refried bean, and fries. I was so down with having fries instead of rice. The chicken was salty and yummy, but the white meat was a bit dry. The beans were kind of thin and pale. But I don't care too much for refried beans anyway. All in all, it was pretty good.My dining companions demolished their chimis, so I assume they were good. I'm thinking next time I'll order a special, or maybe one of the more popular dishes.I would call this adventure a success! I would certainly go back to El Charrito. Oh and you can hit up their website for a 15% off coupon!
2	SINGING COOKS ALWAYS MEANS SAVOR! SERVICE STAFF TREATS YOU LIKE EXTENDED FAMILY JOINING FOR A GREAT FAMILY MEAL. DECOR A BIT DRAB, BUT THIS PLACE HAS POTENTIAL!!!--made-to-order Pico de Gallo is fresh and spicy, but too salty, especially if you eat with corn chips.--when you can hear cooks singing in the kitchen, you KNOW it's going to be good.--flour tortillas, though delivered, had only SIX ingredients.--guacamole should _never_ have a thickener like milk--rice too small, so it dried out fast, too bad.--cheese crisp not crispy, green chili strips were fresh!DECOR NEEDS A REDRESS--long strands of hanging beer flags don't make a place festive unless they're flapping in the wind at a Mexico beach bar--nor do mounted mariachi hats and diagonally-stapled multicolor throw rugs--caballeros and damas are great, but don't mount McDonald's-plain Men and Women signs underneath.--mirrored walls are '80s. EW.must qualify my review by mentioning my corn allergy. means I can't eat much from this menu.great local feel here, needs a facelift.
1	Ohhhh nooo. It's alright if you like green chili burritos with no chili. Not for me.
3	A friend of mine told me about this place.  I stopped in for lunch and inside it was much larger than it looked from the front.  Sort of dark I thought but maybe because the bar is a prominent part of the interior.  Service is so so.  Not many customers for a weekday lunch.  I had a couple of chicken enchiladas with rice and beans.  Made with corn tortillas, they were fine.  I thought both the rice and beans were better than Pedro's.  I thought the price was reasonable.  So this now makes 3 Mexican restaurants I want to keep in the regular lunch rotation that are close.
2	Pretty good food, agreed on by party of three, but not so great service, even with only four booths occupied on a Saturday afternoon.
5	This is my families FAVORITE place! We live in Gilbert, but still drive out here all the time because we love the food, and the servers. Our family of 7 can get out for under $25 if we don't get drinks and order everything ala carte. The price isn't what keeps us coming back though, it's the terrific food (and chips and salsa, i'm very picky, and it's perfect!)
5	Nice little Mexican food spot, friendly staff and clean inside. The place is bigger then it looks from the outside. I eat here at least once a week and it's always good food. I get the menudo soup once a week and it's like homemade soup to me. Try it next time ur in the area
