2	I should have read reviews before heading here. I had heard from several folks that this was a good place to eat, and we had heard that the wings were out of this world. Yeah, not quite.First of all, the ambiance is not that great. Lots of small, loud children. The service was very average. We had three servers ask us if we had been helped yet, which I suppose is a good thing, but they all seemed very confused and not sure if we were their table. But good that they asked. Our actual server took quite a while to greet us, and of course he forgot my water. Brought the beer though! We started with wings and we wanted to split them...two flavors. At first he told us we couldn't do that, even though it says right on the menu that you can. He made it seem as though he was doing us a favor by splitting them for us! They tasted more like chicken fingers and not wings. Way too much breading. I had the California burger, hubby had the fish and chips. The burger was overdone, but I expected it would be so I ordered it medium to get it to medium well. It was well done. Thankfully I didn't order well done! Otherwise it wasn't bad for this kind of place. I also order the potato chips as a side since they make them there. The chips were burnt.  The fish was seriously over breaded (apparently they like doing that here) and way too big. The baked potato and cole slaw...very average. Now all that being said.....our bill was very cheap ($33) and that included two beers, wings, and two entrees. Want cheap food and average service? Go here! Otherwise, try somewhere else.
3	We ordered takeout pizza and wings from Native New Yorker the other night.  I know it's a national chain but I've been to other locations with family a few times and it wasn't a bad experience.  They're chicken wings are actually quite good especially the oriental garlic.So we ordered about 24 wings a buffalo beast pizza which is if I remember correctly, sausage, pepperoni, salami and meatballs, (pretty much lots of meat) what apparently the girl who took my order heard was buffalo chicken.I picked up the food about 10 minutes away from my house, got home to find we had the wrong pizza.  I was initially upset so I called the restaurant and aftering being put on hold for a minute or two, I was in touch with a manager.  The manager after clarifying my order, offered to remake the pizza, I explained I really didn't feel like driving back and was quite hungry.  instead he took down my name and phone number and asked me to ask for a manager and to give my name and number the next time I call and they would credit me a free pizza.Nontheless we we're hungry so we picked off the offending ingredients from the pizza we got and ate some of it, and the wings actually turned out pretty decent for take out.A solid 3 for the manager acting accordingly in this situation.
