4	If you are rolling down Highway 277 and you see this giant building, you may easily mistake it for a church.  The beautiful stone walls of this artistic chapel drew me in automatically.  I came here for the show called True Grit: Frames, Fixations and Flirtations, which is a blend of woodwork and other types of craft with art.  The exhibit was very interesting and I would recommend checking it before Nov. 1st.  The center itself is pretty breathtaking with wood planks holding up the building and a great view of the city through it's long windows.  I have several friends who do woodwork, so I enjoyed this exhibit very much.
4	Turns out the old, burned down looking church at the end of Tryon and 11th is actually a great museum for Visual Art - who knew! Yes, this gem of a museum in our city is pretty frickin' cool if you ask me. From the ultra sleek modern interior, to the industrial and raw materials that you'll see showcased throughout the exhibits, the McColl Center boasts some pretty cool urban exhibits along with a really enthusiastic volunteer staff! Jason is my favorite guide and they're always excited to talk with you about the current exhibits, history of the church and what's coming next - a rareity if you've been to the sleepy new Mint Uptown (I find their staff a bit bored which is a shame with all the awesome stuff they have in that place!).Do yourself a favor and stop in this place - it's a gem here in Charlotte!
4	Very Pleasant Receptionist!!!  Everyone here is always polite (staff) one of the Artists was friendly.  The Receptionist today was a 6 yelp stars friendly and helpful!Today was my third visit and the Art was OK - A-OK 3 yelp stars - The Exterior gets 4 stars.The Interior Architecture (Combination of a burned out Church (Brickwork and woodwork and the Modern visible steel structure and cement floors) - Almost looks like a Architecture teaching tool!
5	An old Gothic Church turned Artist Residency with incredible design/craftsmanship for in-house talent make this easily one of my favorite spots in Uptown. I hadn't been back for a few years and I'm rather happy I did. What you need to know about the McColl Center is that the artists here are ever rotating. They come from all over, create/compose/devise an installation or multiple, and have it on display. There is always a mix of mediums under this gorgeous roof and its many parapets. Be on the lookout and check their site to be privy on opening nights. For the growing artist out there: The staff here is fantastic and the facility is incredible, clean, inspiring, unique, and overtly beautiful. I had the privilege of taking a tour of the entire facility. Floor after floor of impeccably adequate space (all studios are complete with giant double doors for moving large pieces in and out) on the rather large service elevator. There just so happens to be a full wood shop, print lab -- complete with letterpress, lithograph, and others, metal working station, and plenty of other elements useful for construction.Just a beautiful facility. Next time you're in the area and want to take a minute to explore someone's artistic exploration, stop in. Doesn't cost you anything to get in either. AKA Admission is FREE.Looking forward to stopping in for a few openings later this year. Cheers.
