5	I'm with the others, Doctor Allen ROCKS!  I had a particularly troublesome tooth and my dentist (Dr J) sent me to see Dr Allen for a reverse root canal (an Api-something).  Her office is high tech and her skills match her equipment.  Her staff worked with me on payment and when I had questions over the phone, they got answers back to me ASAP.  I don't ever want to see Dr Allen or her staff again, but if I need another root canal, I'm going to ask Dr J to send me there.
5	Revisit August 8 for minor complication of my April 24 endo work.  No details here.    It cost me nothing.  If by some laarge odds it happened again, no cost.  Dr. Allen prepping for a community service trip to Peru.  A Dentist's Endodontist.  Not a Place You Want to be, Just be Glad They're Here.  They definitely rock the mouths and do a lot of community service.     Dr. Vogel's office referred me to Dr. Jacqueline Allen when I requested a referral for what I thought would be a root canal.  It ended up being endodontics, because Allen Endodontic is all endodontics, all the time, just not the endodontics I was expecting.  In every way.  Savannah, the Receptionist and billing expert took my call, giving me a rough estimate of the cost.   Soon after arriving and directed to a computer to perform my infamous two finger medical data entry, Susie, the Assistant checked for me, saying hello and introducing herself.  By the time I was done answering questions and typing, the staff had a detailed record and knowledge about my personal dental pain in the db.Data entry was step one in this modern, digitally based specialty practice.  Susie showed me my chair of the morning and the flat panel where my very low level radation X-ray would show up.  Susie stated Dr. Allen works to be on top of the latest techniques and technologies; taking classes, reading journals and applying herself to the things doctors do to keep up with their fields of expertise.  Dr. Allen also hires very smart, attentive staff.  For those down in the mouth, Susie brought her sense of humor.  It's all about endorphins.  You know what they say, "Endorpheens before morpheens...."We had a few good laughs and lightened the morning.  Susie took my picture for the digital files because the Dr. remembers teeth, not faces.  They agreed the only people appreciating the tech are techies.  I guess that makes me a techie.  Seeing a specialist was the best thing I could have done.  Dr. Allen looked at my images, pulled her giant ceiling-mount microscope with digital camera, over to focus on my teeth.  She carefully checked my troubled ones with pressure and cold, explained the imagery before us on the screen, then ordered a 3D scan to triple-check her conclusions.  It was a spinning monster X-Ray.  360 degree circle, 30 seconds.  In a Hollywood fantasy, it would remove all thought, replacing it with an endless HuLu ad.  Instead, it grabbed a super high-resolution tooth-pic the Dr., Susie and I sliced visually frame by frame; root, old root canal, possible infection, all the bad stuff.  Final conclusion: 90% likelihood of a cracked root.   Those ladies are REALLY into teeth.  Dr. Allen went to the lab, finding  her "Boneyard of Teeth" while Susie told me how much she loved supporting root canal digging and minor oral surgery.  She likes the the blood too.  Eewwww.  Dr. Allen brought out the little plastic box of extracted teeth, finding three examples of what I probably had going.  She was laser-focused on the pecularities of each tooth, delighting in their faults and weak points.  Susie peered on too.  We had a lot of fun. Until Savannah came in with a cost estimate between Dr. Vogel's tooth extraction costs and my soon-to-be oral surgery.  I picked Door #3, Susie poked a cotton swab with lydocaine into my right cheek pouch.  Dr. Allen followed swiftly with copious amounts of novacaine, rubber cheek and lips following for me.  I was left awhile to numb up.They'd sat me straight up for the numbing part.  I suddenly wanted to relax,  lay back, do yoga breathing and maybe get a quick snoozer in.  I reached down for a reclining lever, hit a small button and the chair of the morning massage feature kicked in.  I slumped lower and lower to get that bad spot right there.  When the Doctor and Susie returned, a series of bad "Magic Fingers" quips followed.  Mostly mine.  The quarter will be on my bill.  I always pay for my bad jokes, one way or another.  Then Dr. Allen came in, pulled out my tooth, showed me the crack, inner infection, infected... never mind, I won't even talk about the bone scraping part.  I'll tell you that I asked a question about a magazine article, they spoke of, I heard a lot about dental community service, from Phoenix to Oklahoma City and beyond.  Awards are on the wall.  My new jaw crater was was plugged with a little bone insert and sewn up, Dr. Allen and Susie going on and on about the excellence of the new insert product and stretchy suture thread.  My prescriptions got scripted and I was sent home with orders to return in two weeks.  It was my best ever at any dental office.  Don't go unless you must.
5	Dr Allen and especially her assistants are so incredibly tops and encourage you to participate in your own treatment plan. Dr Allen gave me the facts at hand so I could space my calendar out for required root canals and keep my sanity.  Just an "atypical" nausea all day following such a huge amount of nitrous.  Hate gas in such high doses, it seeps out of your pores for 24 hrs. Others can handle it better, but I need alternative anesthesia next time. I'd prefer twilight sleep narcotic/Valium mix like with molar extractions in the old days, but they don't have anesthetists present for this.  So I'll see how they help me manage that next time. Fill your pain Rx for later in the day, you'll likely need it-- no matter what they say, it's 3-5x as traumatic to the tissues and that mouth region.  The outcome on her work was great a day later, with no pain or swelling. I can tell Dr Allen is a fine dental surgeon !
1	GREED GREEDIER GREEDIESTI was referred to Dr. J Allen by my dentist because I needed a root canal.  Upon opening the door, you step into a waiting room like no other:  the decor is baronial splendor.  Despite the quality, the bric a brac appears to be the unwanted castoffs from home remodeling projects.  No procedures would be started until I'd paid in full up front.  Prior to this visit, I'd never gone to a dentist and had to pay in full the day of a procedure.  The receptionist is a pushy, obnoxious, uneducated 20 something.  An assigned job task for her is to force you to pay, or you won't been seen. Dr Jacqueline Allen hides out of sight while this is going on.  Even though Dr Allen has set the tone of the office and the fee schedule, she must feel it's unseemly for the white collar staff to discuss fees so this has been delegated  to the blue collar staff.  Me thinks the lady is in the business of dentistry, rather than the practice of dentistry.
1	Had such a bad experience here. Cost me almost $500 and still an incomplete root canal in which I have to find another dentist to finish the job. All because the staff are not honest with the cost. Show you a low price, then later bill you a higher amount. Agree with previous comment, all they care about is $$$$.
1	I phoned a front desk staffer who was so unhelpful.   She would not answer any general questions and was quite concealing in her responses always directing me to their website.  When I responded the info was not on their website, she would obnoxiously/repeatedly rephrase my questions saying she was not allowed to respond.  Truly an unfriendly experience for someone needing a root canal....guess I won't be seeing the endos as there's no transparency here.  Best to take your problem and wallet somewhere else.  Drs pls monitor and record your front desk, you may be surprised.
1	I was very upset with the billing practices of Allen Endodontic with regard to the coding used for my initial visit to diagnose the need for a root canal.  I was in considerable pain and away from my permanent residence.  The coding used (D9310) indicated that it was a consultation rather than a 1-time emergency and/or distress visit.  The result of which was that when I visited my regular dentist back home for my bi-annual periodic exam, that claim was denied due to the coding on the root-canal emergency diagnosis appearing as one of the two periodic exams I was eligible for in a year.  When I called Allen Endodontic, I was told that they did not think they could change it, but would call me back.  They never called back and I was out the $42 my regular dentist charged.  There is available coding for seeing a specialist for an imminent dental problem that does not interfere with the two periodic exams I can have, but they were not willing to take the time to do that.  Probably did not want to change coding for it because it was worth $165 to them, rather that a less expensive code.  Very disappointed with their lack of follow-up and response to my inquiry.
1	Do not go here. Very DISHONEST.   They billed me twice for the same thing.  I wanted an explanation they  refused to discuss just yelled over and over to pay without explaining.   Stay away!  Very Dishonest!!!!!  They also called another Dentist in the area and providing information with out approval. Patient Beware.  All they want is money.  STAY AWAY!!!!
