5	We all want a good mechanic - reliable and reasonably priced and the car the better for the repair.  This is the place!  My daughter just had major work done on her Blazer and was refered here by her father who has had many cars repaired here over the years.  It's the only auto repair business he trusts. Juve is behind the counter giving fair and honest estimates and you leave feeling secure in your ride.
4	This place was referred to be by someone I know. I brought my Cadillac to be worked on.They are slow and don't call back 9 out of 10 times they tell you they will, so that is frustrating.. but they so far have done a decent job, and are very flexible with finances as well. It cost $1500 to fix my car and they let me pay it off in 3 payments over a period of time I could afford.So Juve and Chris down there are good guys. I'll take my cars there again in the future.
5	Thank you again, JUVE AUTO CLINIC!!!  My second car, a Honda CRV that I let my daughter use since her Blazer was destroyed in a crash, was having issues.  After careful diagnostics to determine why the light kept coming on after the radiator was replaced found that when the raditor blew, the hot water had melted a valve in a cylinder that wasn't detected on the first inspection.  Juve did an in depth search and found the problem and remedied it.  Now the car rides like new!  The team at Juve is friendly, knowledgeable, precise and reasonably priced.  Juve is the only place I go to for repairs on cars and the only place I recommend.  They actually treat you like family..  Try them - you will use no other!!
5	Well, I am starting the year with JUVE AUTO CLINIC doing right by me as usual!!  I needed new brakes front and back on my 2006 Toyota Avalon and of course took my car to JUVE AUTO CLINIC.  Their waiting area is comfortable and when they know you are staying on site for the work to be completed are as accommodating as possible.  What made me really feel like family on this visit is that I had the wrong credit card with me and no problem - I could just call back with the right card when I got home.  That kind of trust to a loyal customer is what generates rave reviews. I was treated with respect with no upset because of a delay in payment.  Always friendly and always courteous and always doing a quality job is why I recommend JUVE AUTO CLINIC to anyone who wants great car repair at a reasonable price.
5	Without hesitation, I recommend Juve's Auto Clinic. They're efficient, friendly, and extremely affordable. Not only did they help me when my Jeep was leaking coolant, but they were also extremely accommodating to my schedule and were able to fix it in a timely manner. If you're looking for an honest and affordable mechanic then look no further. Thanks again!
5	Honest, local, and awesome work! I have been taking every car that I've owned to them and they have never let me know. The location sucks big time, but I'm willing to drive into Guadalupe for these people. They have never overcharged me and have always been honest. They're work is great and fast. I highly recommend these guys if you like great quality work and a fair price.
1	Okay, I want to start with the good things.  I started going to Bert's Radiator for my radiator and a couple other needs when I was in college in the last 80s and I continued as I graduated and into the 90s and early 20s with the different cars I had.  Then, I guess Bert sold his place to Juve and Juve kept the same phone number maybe 6-7 or more years ago.I didn't go to Bert's Radiator ever twice about the same problem, nor did he cause me more problems.  And, I've had quite a few cars in the 25+ years.  When Bert put a radiator in, it was a good quality part and it lasted.  I never had to get another radiator on any of the vehicles again after he put a great part in.However, when I went to Juve, whom I was expecting was Bert, but wasn't, I gave him a chance as I did Bert.  I live in the very east valley and I would always drive to Bert's even though it was far and not in a good location.Juve seemed to have similar pricing as Bert, so I said, why not?  I figured Bert would not sell his shop to someone who did not do good work.So, I went to Juve maybe 5 yrs ago, probably not too long after he bought it from Bert to have my radiator replace on my '95 Ford Explorer.  He gave me a fair price and labor was fair.  I think it was about $300, which was a lot better than other's I had called.  He installed the radiator and I think within a short time, I don't remember if it was a week, a few days or a month, but there was a problem with the radiator.  I brought it back and he replaced it with another radiator and I had to raise a little stink about him not charging me for the labor.  I originally paid to have a good radiator put in and through no fault of my own, it was on him.  So that was done, and I remember it was hot then.Then, less than 2 yrs later, that radiator developed a crack and though the radiator had a lifetime warranty, I now had to pay for the labor to remove the leaking radiator and install with a new one.  So, now I pay another $250 for the labor, but I had the place I normally go to install it.  So now this radiator that was $300 has now cost me around $550 in the 2 years with 3 brand new radiators.Then, just under another year later, I think with 2 weeks to spare, the radiator that was new less than a year before installed, got a leak and I had to replace it again.  Now this is 4 radiators in 3 yrs.  Yes, the radiator has a lifetime warranty and the part cost me nothing, but this time, I had a different mechanic install it and that cost me about $125.  Now the radiator has cost me $675.  Thankfully the mechanic did not charge me anything to go pick up the radiator.Mind you my first radiator from Ford lasted from '95 to '08 (13 yrs) and 160,000 miles.  Now, at my last oil change a couple weeks ago, my mechanic confirmed that I have a hairline crack in my radiator and I will need to replace it.  I can go back to Juve for another radiator, but no thank you because I know in less than 2 years, I will need another radiator and though the part isn't costing me anything, the labor is really costing me and I could've gotten a Ford radiator AND had other work done on my car.  Whatever radiators that Juve has been giving me has truly been crap radiators.  His radiators haven't lasted 2 yrs and that's with the 5th radiator in my car in 5.5 yrs, absolutely crap.  Yes, you get a great price, but the part was crap and nearly yearly on average I'm paying for labor that I shouldn't have to.  I'm figuring a radiator should be able to last at least 75,000 to 100,000 miles, not like 12,000 or in that range.  He may have low prices, but at least my experience, the quality of parts for the radiators is awful.  Juve himself is a nice person, but what I came was to get a good price, good labor, and a good part.
5	Two years ago in January 2012, JUVE AUTO CLINIC replaced the brakes on my Toyota Avalon, front and back.  Yesterday I took my car back to Juve Auto Clinic as the rotor on the front right side was showing groves. They did an inspection and found the brake pad was faulty and because the pad was warranted they replaced both the rotor and the pad at no cost to me. They take good care of their customers!!  They sell only the best parts which have warranties on them.  They were polite and made sure the part was delivered in under an hour as they knew I had an appointment.  The staff is friendly and polite and you feel total trust in having them work on your car.  If you need any kind of car repair definitely consider JUVE AUTO CLNIC.  I still recommend them without reservation!!
5	These guys always amaze me every time I bring my car in. In my most recent experience, they were able to take a look at my Jeep and told me that what I thought needed to happen didn't need to happen for another 6 months. Talk about being honest! I will never take my car to another me mechanic. Juve and company are honest, reliable, and super affordable!
