2	Pretty close to my house, so I tried it out when I first moved to the area.  Very unimpressed.  Nice ambiance, but the sushi was overpriced and nothing special.  I believe they used to have a late night happy hour deal, which would have been cool, but that's gone.  I'll be taking my sushi business elsewhere.
1	I ate here once and spent hundreds of $$$$ with my family and they wanted to charge me for extra steamed rice. What???? Steamed rice cost 20 cents. I have not gone back since. The food was just average, nothing to brag about.
3	Since I basically only eat Sushi in Las Vegas I have a pretty strict policy on rating. Osaka had some pretty harsh reviews but I didn't notice any of the flaws mentioned by other Yelpers.We tried the Avatar roll, Tempura roll, and 007 roll. All three had shrimp tempura in some capacity and they were all fairly tasty. The tempura roll was definitely the most interesting because it was a normal roll that was actually tempura battered. It was definitely something interesting that I've never had.The service was a bit lacking but not enough to mark it down a star. The prices were fairly standard to a bit high but nothing that would turn me off going here for some above average sushi. At least it was fresh, right?
2	the chefs little performance gets 2 stars but didnt like that they seated me and my date at the same table as a party of 6 others that came together, they dominated the table and the chefs attention because he knew he was going to get more money out of them i guess. not what i expected for almost 200 dollars for 2 people food or atmosphere wise (and we only had one beer each). you can eat at pretty much any nicer restaurant on the strip for that price and i recommend you do so unless you have hundreds of dollars to throw away on food and atmosphere lesser then pf changs.
4	the girl friend and i were in need of some sushi and decided to make our way to osaka. i had only been there once before and it was 5 years ago so i couldn't remember how grubbin their dishes were. we arrived at 3:05pm and i had asked the hostest what time happy hour started? she said happy hour starts at 4:00pm. i then asked if we stayed after 4:00pm, would they honor the happy hour rates for us. she worked it out for us and gave us the happy hour rates and we were out at 4:00pm.the service was so amazingly great! not too attentive, yet always there when we needed something and super friendly. we enjoyed:baked musclescucumbers in vinegar saucebaked scallopskani nigiriveggie fried riceavatar roll - my fav! =)virgin rolltwo flavored iced teasall for $60 yum!
3	Have had better hibachi for less of a price. It's ok... Prob wouldn't go again maybe only if I wanted a quick snack of a couple sushi rolls.
4	If you are looking for hibachi / teppanyaki (table cooking), this is the place!  I wouldn't recommend sushi though.   The location is in a good area in Summerlin and the place is newer and cleaner than the one in Sahara.  I usually get the ribeye, which includes rice, miso soup, salad, and a few pieces of shrimp.   The chefs cook in front of you, and the show is always fun to watch.  Depending on which chef you get, sometimes they ask for group participation too!  It's fun when you have a group.  The portions they serve are more generous than the portions I've seen in other teppanyaki / hibachi (table cooking) restaurants.
4	I had lunch here with a friend the last time I was in Las Vegas.  It didn't open until 4pm, which was weird.  The interior was really nice -cold though, which is nice for Vegas, but bring a jacket!  We sat in one of the booths -high backs and comfy; very intimate.  They also have large community tables with the Habachi grills.  The sushi bar was also gorgeous -the whole place is so dark and sexy!Everything was delicious, this is what we ordered:911 roll: fire roll (spicy Miki roll) topped w/ crunch (our favorite out of everything we ordered)Japanese Lasagna roll:  crab, avocado, cream cheese, baked w/yum yum sauce007 roll: Shrimp, Scallop, Miki, Tobiko, Cream Cheese Topped w/ Avo, Albacore. Served with Garlic & Yumyum SauceAlbacore white tuna nigiriMiso soupDynamite: Baked Scallops, Clam, Crab in Shin's Special SauceWatermelon martini -fresh chuck of watermelon; very summer-y taste!Prices are fair, and the service is great!  Next time we might go for the Teppan Grill meal, since they cook it in front of you!
2	The sushi was ok, but the fried (garlic butter) rice is great!The drinks here weren't that great, we ordered 3 different specialty cocktail drinks and all of them had a very very strong cheap vodka taste, I'm not usually picky with my vodka, but do not order the house vodka here! order top shelf!Also, when we advised the owner of our disappointment with the drinks (which we only sipped once) at the end of our meal, she insisted we get another drink, so she replaced our 3 drinks w/ ONE drink and charged us for the 3 we didn't drink.  Which i didn't complain about as I order the 3 drinks, i would've thought, as the owner, she would've comp'd our drinks that we didn't like.... i thought wrong.
3	I can understand poor reviews for their sushi, and their food isn't spectacular, but Osaka hibachi is all about the fun as long as you're willing to pay the price.We had a $130 bill for 2 appetizers & 2 hibachi meals.  It sounds totally ridiculous, I know, but that's what it came out to.  For 45 dollars per meal, it was a lot of food but still way overpriced.  I gave it a 3 star for the chef and not for anything else.Food - meh.  I've had better.Service - not great at all.  It looks like one of the servers up and left, too.  Overall, this isn't the place for high expectations.  I didn't leave a tip of the receipt but my husband wanted to leave 20% because the chef deserved it.
3	3 stars strictly for the Teppanyaki chef.  The food was good but overpriced.  The tempura appetizer had a heavy batter, I'm used to nice light and fluffy tempura.  Miso soup was not very tasty.  The service started out decent but was very slow towards the end.  I had to look for the server just so we could get a refill on a soda and then again when we wanted to leave.
3	Yum! This place has a great atmosphere for lounging. I loved the Teriyaki and they made really good Cozmos. They are a pricy, but I would recommend at least trying this place.
4	Nice sleek sexy decor. The happy hour specials are great. Very clean.
4	Nicely decorated for the Holidays and we were greeted Happily.My friend ordered Miso soup and 007 Sushi and he was very pleased. I had Chicken Katsu and Banana Cheesecake for dessert and I was definitely pleased.Yes it was a bit expensive but the food and service was very good.
3	Box lunch is good, no one there but me at 2:30pm, the waitress wasn't sure about my coupon, as you can see many people have trouble with coupons at this place. Mine was from the radio station so it was OK. The sushi bar guy was talking to me about his life and probing me for FREE Advise. all in all not such a great experience.
2	I guess Osaka used to a quiet nice Japanese restaurant with real japanese food.  Now its just horrible and.... I am quiet sure I won't go there again after tried them 3 times.  My friends thought it was just lunch, but dinner is the same poor quality.  Its definitely for people who like Korean sushi... I bet their rolls are probably 800 -1200 calories.  Cant be a skinny bitch if I eat these kind  of Japanese food all the time..hehe
4	The first thing I noticed when walking into Oska was the layout. When you first enter you see a small but sleek bar. Then to the left of the bar is a full sushi bar allowing you the pleasure of watching your favorite rolls being created. Off to the right of the sushi bar is the dining area framed with numerous grilling tables. Our server was attentive and help us with any questions we had. My father and I each had a Sapporo and my mom had their Pomegranate martini. Her martini was garnished with fresh Pom seeds and she told us it was one of the better Pomtini's she's had. After we ordered drinks we moved on to the appetizers. We decided we'd get the Calamari and Spicy Edamame. The Calamari arrived fried to perfection. It was light, crisp and very fresh. A dark dipping sauce accompanied it but was a tad bitter with a strange after taste. Next came the Spicy Edamame and let me tell you; these were awesome. I would describe the taste as a somewhat meaty, garlic, red pepper fusion. Either way take my word for it and order yourself some. Finally we get to the highlight of the evening; Sushi. We ordered four rolls and split them between ourselves. The Hamachi (yellowtail and chive), 911 (crab,avocado, spicy tempura), California Crunch (Cali roll tempura), and The Taylor (Shrimp,Crab. topped with fresh salmon). Talk a great sushi. The Hamachi definitely had a fishy taste, but was incredibly fresh. I find that yellow tail always has that fish taste. And while you can never go wrong with Cali Crunch (its a classic) this one while incredibly tasty needed just a little more tempura to make it really crunch. The 911 was the best I have ever had! It was the perfect heat, crunch and just pure yumminess. And finally The Taylor  with its tempura shrimp and delectable crab topped with a perfect cut of salmon was my personal favorite of the night. The combination was just right with the salmon giving it a sweet almost candy like chew. -AMAZING- And I don't say that lightly. I am a very picky eater and the fact that this roll was my favorite is saying something. Over all we loved our meal and have deemed it one of our new hot spots. And their Happy Hour lasts from 3-7 which meant our whole meal was on a slight special. Not only that but they have a killer lunch special that has many menu items at 50% off.
4	The people were nice, the prices were reasonable.  Would go again.
3	We went here after hearing that they had happy hour specials. Unfortunately, the happy hour is pretty disappointing.. The regular prices on the menu are high enough that when they offer specials.. Well, that only means that you're paying regular price. Not at all a deal, if that's what you are looking for. Service was fine, if a little slow. It was friendly enough.The atmosphere is very nice and romantic, and very quiet, probably because of the time we came. Not a place you would bring children, at least, if you have any respect for others. :PThe food.. Meh. It wasn't really bad, but it wasn't really very good either. For the prices they charge, it should be a lot better. I don't think I'll be returning to this one, even though it's practically next door. There are better places for sushi. Maybe their real specialty is the habachi?
3	Armed with a Restaurant.com certificate, my party of four arrived at Osaka in a good mood, ready to enjoy some tasty teppenyaki food. But our mood quickly darkened when the restaurant reservation we had made the day before was nowhere to be found in the reservations book. Fortunately, a group of diners waiting ahead of us decided they would rather dine at a regular table. So, our wait for seating at the grill was not long. But it was 103 degrees outside when we entered the restaurant, and not much of a contrast when seated before the grill. In that warm, sweltering room, a drop of sweat rolled down one eyeglass lens before the grill had even been heated. To start off, eager to sample some sushi, I ordered a Spicy Tuna Roll. But I can't comment on it, because it never arrived. Near the end of my meal I realized that I never received this appetizer, and told our server that I no longer wanted it. He just smiled and, without uttering an apology, said matter-of-factly that he would take it off our check. Really? It never should have been charged in the first place. But most of the food we did receive was very good. Miso Soup with green onion and tofu was very tasty. But a mixed green salad with Romaine Lettuce, carrot shavings, and ginger dressing tasted bitter and was just okay. Two tender, succulent medium-sized Shrimps only whetted the appetite. Shrimp was available as a side order, and I wished I had ordered it to enjoy a greater quantity. Grilled vegetables--especially the zucchini--were juicy and just exuded flavor. Tender sliced cubes of Filet Mignon were cooked perfectly medium-rare as ordered, although the dipping sauce for the meat was thinner than would be ideal. Lobster tails looked very pretty sizzling on the grill, and the plump morsels of cooked lobster meat were tasty and somewhat sweet. Our teppenyaki master was engaging and friendly, and very skilled at his craft. He certainly knew how to grill! Egg-enhanced Fried Rice was as good as I have experienced. Just delicious!  (Long-grained Steamed White Rice was moist and tasty as well.) As we were walking out of the restaurant, I realized that we had received our bill without first being asked whether we were interested in any dessert. The Restaurant.com deduction helped to cushion what would otherwise have been a pricey dinner ($31.95 for one order of Filet Mignon & Lobster alone), but it comes with an automatic 18% gratuity. We still had a good meal, but the multiple miscues certainly detracted from the overall experience.
2	This is the place to go if you like a fairly nice place with mediocre food that is highly priced. The first time we went there, we were on a business dinner with people who, as we found out later, were partially owners. We were treated like kings. Everything perfect. The second time, we were by ourselves. The service was noticeably less attractive and the food was not the same as the first time. We thought: "Ok, maybe this is an off day." The third experience was absolutely horrible. The service was slow, the food quality and presentation was, to say it politely, yucky! The desert was that thing with ice cream in the middle and supposedly "freshly" made crisp layer outside. Holly crap! that supposedly freshly made crisp aroud the ice cream was so leathery I could make a genuine Chanel bag out of it. I called the waitress over and asked to get a fresh one. She said that was fresh. I offered her to have a bit and after tasting if she told me it was fresh, I would accept it. She declined. I asked her to send it back and take it off our order as that dessert was unacceptable. She did take it back. She did not bring us a freshly made one but she did charge us $17 for it. I noticed that on the bill and asked her to take it off. She said she wouldn't. I was so tempted to give her $0 tips, but I know better. It is not up to the waitress, especially in Vegas. It is the owners and the management of the place. So, i did give her an acceptable tip and decided that was it. No more Osaka for us. There are plenty of awesome places in Vegas to have Sushi. No reason to waste our money on this place.
2	Slow service , too expensive , weird chairs with wheels on. I ordered a selection of Sashimi which tasted OK but not worthy of the price tab. Also had a beef noodle dish , very mediocre small amount of beef with huge lumps of tofu. Wine is $13 a glass! 6 of us ate there , nothing extravagant 2 wines , 2 beers $174 before tip. Yikes. Don't bother.
5	All of the reviews below are old and out of date.  The inside of Osaka has been completely revamped and updated with new lighting, surfaces, seating, audio and televisions.  It is open and inviting.  Ok.  On to the food.  I go there predominantly for the sushi and it is the freshest fish in Summerlin.  I have been to some of the other Westside sushi joints and will occasionally get some bad fish.  The chefs here studied under some of Las Vegas' most experienced sushi chefs which means that they do not just know how to roll up some rice and fish, but they actually know how to handle and prepare the fish for assembling into ornamental edible delights.  If yo haven't been to Osaka in a while, you really should go because the decor is now as appealing as the food.And they have free WIFI.
5	[Same 5 Stars: We checked in from Osaka last night, fairly early as is our pattern on New Year's Eve -- And, for the past five years, we done the same thing: Osaka, then home to watch the festivities on television. It was great, as always, reasonable and fun. Can't ask for more.]I gotta give 'em 5, partially for an apology (we eat there about twice a month) and partially because it's the only sushi bar I've been to in Vegas that's any fun -- Mostly, though, it's really quite good. We generally get there a bit early (some, but not all sushi is half-price) and the bar isn't crowded so it gives to time to have a bit of fun with the chefs, who do a great job.We've eaten in the restaurant itself a few times which is also good, just not preference, nor is the tepenyaki (sp?) area -- I'm not crazy about sitting around a hot grill with folks I don't know. But the food in that area is good as well.It's reasonable also -- I don't think we've ever paid more than $50 for two (mostly for me) at the sushi bar...and that includes a drink, usually scotch, for me as well. And, they don't, like so many places in Vegas, "pour light."It's the only sushi spot we'll attend here.Oh, my only complaint, which applies to so many restaurants here, they have TV in the sushi bar. What is that about?
3	The food is good. Yummy. Not my favorite of Japanese restaurants. But I have been here a few times. Its decently priced.  Most of the workers are friendly. The screaming O isn't on the menu but they will make it.
4	I ate here for the benefit of the Wife. This place is by no means cheap. However, they did attempt to surprise me. Which is why they have 4 stars.There are two crucial points: 1. When taking the order my wife made it a point to tell him I was on a diet. He never asked us if we wanted dessert. (That is good because I would have said yes)2. The grill master twice during the routine put extra food on my plate from my wife. I didn't mind because he probably thought I would eat it. I ate the carrots and gave the rest to Susan. I understood his intentions, so I am giving him props for that. The waiter was pretty funny when I ordered a drink, Sake with pineapple and some other stuff in it. He was like, "soooo alcohol is part your special diet." My response. "Yup!"  (It helps to thin the blood)I enjoyed there hospitality, and friendliness.
3	I ate here recently with a large group and got to try a number of their house rolls. I also ordered some nigiri off of the late night menu. The rolls were very tasty and varied. The nigiri was just average. The cuts ranged in my order from the unagi being very tiny to an adequate sized hamachi. Flavors and freshness were not bad, but also nothing to get excited about. The nigiri on their late night menu is cheap, starting at $2.50. The hamachi nigiri came automatically with jalapeno on it which is not a traditional preperation and not mentioned on the menu. Don't get me wrong, I like jalapeno but at least give me a choice in the matter.This particular location is on the other side of town from where I live and I actually think the east side Osaka is much better quality the few times I have been there. Because of that and the middle of the road experience, I don't really have any reason to go back. If you're looking for a great experience in this area head to Yummy Sushi which is right down the street. Very fresh fish including a good selection of live items.
4	I had a good time with my friends here a couple of weekends ago.  I used to go to Samurai with my family when I was a kid in Ohio- they were the first of the restaurants I'd heard about where the food was prepared teppan style, at your table, which is actually a grill.  Samurai was overtaken by Benihana's, which I never visited, so Osaka was a nice reminder of the fun I used to have at Samurai.Before all of our group arrived, a couple of us sat at the bar where the friendly waiter showed us pictures of the place during their evening DJ event. Twice a week they have laser lights and DJ'd music that is apparently pretty fun- the DJ even dances on the bar, so it must get pretty lively sometimes. I'm gonna have to check that out!When you eat in the teppan area, your group is seated at one side of the large table, and a group of strangers is given the other seats. Everyone orders at once so that the chef cooks for the whole table. This means that if one of your party is late, too bad. The chefs are pretty entertaining- very silly, creating a party atmosphere.  We had a fun time at dinner, as our chef was a real performer. One of the women in my party discovered that every noise she made was incorporated into our chef's performance, which made for some hilarious "call and response" moments between the two of them.  Displaying knife skills, juggling know-how and other odd talents, the chefs give you a pretty fun experience.  I suspect that working there can be fun, since each chef likely has his own "act".  Ours liked to play the harmonica at opportune moments. I like the decor here- very stylish and hip. The food is somewhat pricey, so this is definitely only an occasional experience, but its good, and during happy hour, the food is more affordable. They do a good job with the sushi as well. I think I'd come here more often for happy hour than for the teppanyaki experience, and that's not a bad thing.
3	I have always just passed by this place but I decided to give it a try. I've had preconceived notions about this place. I pictured it dark with teak wood on the inside. The decor  was a pleasant surprise! They have these lovely Moroccan lanterns hanging from the ceiling. It has a light modern feel to it. I ordered the Seafood Medley (39.95) tiger shrimp,  scallops, and lobster. It comes with vegetables., salad and white rice. I upgraded to the fried rice. I was disappointed to find out fried rice wasn't automatic like most places. It was good but they would come in third with Geisha Steak house and Ohjah in the lead. The scallops were better at Ohjah.  They lacked in taste here. The guy putting on the show was cool though! This would be a nice place to hang out during happy hour if you like a stylish atmosphere.
1	DOES NOT HONOR COUPONS !!!!!!Don't even try.  Mgt will make up 100 reasons not to accept coupons.  We brought in a party of 11.  2 ordered off the happy hour menu & thus....no coupon honored.  Won't ever go back just on principle.
1	Wow! I should have listened to the other Yelper's and went to a different Osakas.I purchased a Yelp Osaka deal that stated that I get $15 worth of food for $25. So my family and I went to Osakas on Mother's Day. On the door there was a list of coupons that they did not take , Yelp was not on the list. I figured it wasn't because I thought Yelp had a special contract with the businesses they do deals with. No where on their coupon does it say " Will not be honored on holidays". So, we asked our waitress and she said "no, they do not accept any coupons on holidays".We figured that since we were there , we might as well eat. So I ordered a combo box of beef and chicken and TNA rolls. When we received our meal , I noticed it was only chicken. I told the waitress that I ordered the box, she insisted that I didn't. I asked her if she can just make it the combo by bringing me the tempura that goes along with it, she said that she couldn't. So my husband and I continued to eat our small overpriced meal.Later, the waitress returned and told us how AMAZING their watermelon martini was, so I decided to ordered it. It was lackluster and flavorless. The watermelon that they used must have been unripe. She asked me how it was and I told her it was disgusting. She replied "Oh, our normal bartender didn't make this one, he just walked in. Everyone makes them different." She then paused. I expected her to offer me another drink, instead she just continued to look at me with a blank look on her face.Finally, after eating my meal, and drinking my terrible drink, we received our sushi. I ordered the sushi as an appetizer, but I received it after I was completely done with my meal. She kept on telling me that it would be coming out shortly. By the time that we received it, I didn't even want it. The TNA sushi was alright. The tuna kind of lacked flavor.Lastly, she came with the check. I was hoping that we would have received something comped, at least the drink because she had herself admitted that there was a reason that it wasn't as good. We were greeted by a bill with EVERYTHING on it. The waitress brought the credit card machine to the desk. Then, they ask you to punch the tip in the machine as they are staring at you. AK WARD.This experience was terrible. I would never recommend it to a free. P.S. I already asked Yelp for a refund for my unused coupon.
1	Place was totally empty when we arrived at 4:15pm today (Saturday). We were seated right away and ordered drinks (1st two drink items we asked for from their Happy hour menu they were out of.) We started looking at the Happy hour menu and found that the prices for many items were identical to the non happy hour menu and when we asked about that they said that is the way it is supposed to be. They are trying to scam people with their happy hour menu. We asked for a Tuna Hand Roll that was not spicy, they said that would be $2 more because that is fresh Tuna (as opposed to what, rancid tuna?)The manager and waitress have no idea what customer service is. We walked out and ended up at Naka Sushi just a mile away and had a great experience.More Reviews at: http://www.TheVegasEvent.com
2	Horrible service, decent food.My family went to dinner here on a Tuesday night around 730pm. Me, my spouse, my toddler, and my infant. We had a gift card for $50, and decided to use $40-ish and apply the rest as tip. You have the choice of sitting at the sushi bar, the teppanyaki grill/tables, or a regular table. We opted for the regular table since we had the kids. They do have high chairs, which is nice! The grill-folk do high-fire tricks and a lot of spatula clanging, so if you have a skiddish toddler... probably not the right place to go unless you enjoy eating with a two year old sitting on your head. The seating in the regular table area was a bit awkward. Giant chairs on wheels that you sink into. The waitress chooses that moment as I am weirdly scooting back in while trying not to sink through to the floor to come up and greet us.She was nice enough, bubbly and friendly. That, however, is the only positive comment to be had about the service. Snail paced is the best phrase to use in regards to food preparation and delivery. -15 minutes till we got to order and got our drinks.-15 minutes for the appetizer (chicken katsu, which was pretty good. crunchy and well seasoned). -30 minutes for dinner (2 chicken teriyaki bento boxes. chicken was good. came with a huge portion of tempura shrimp and veggies. very reasonable for $15 or so). -30 minutes for the check (I asked if I could use the remaining $9 and change as tip and was told that I could not and would have to take the remainder as a new gift card).-15 minutes for a piece of banana cheese cake in a box (ordered this because I didn't want a $9 giftcard sitting around. when they finally brought it to me, it was a mushy pile that had been thrown in a box. picture added here to show the cafeteria style glop that was $8).20 minutes for change (because I could not leave the tip, I had to break a $100 bill. I asked for a $10, a $5, and five $1 somewhere in the mix of that change. I received a $50, a $10, and some $20. So I had to wait an additional 5 minutes while I flagged someone down to get the appropriate change. All this for a tip that in the end I probably should have not even bothered to give! Maybe I should have left my banana glop as a tip). Over 2 hours for 3 and 1/2 star food and a box of banana cheesecake baby food mash is a bit much for me and my family. Thank goodness we didn't order anything complicated, we would probably still be sitting there waiting!!! I have tried to call 3 times on different days at different times to talk to a manager about the appalling service, have left my name and number each time. Have not spoken to her yet. I was told "if she doesn't call you, just keep trying". I find that exceptionally odd. I am trying to let you know about crappy service, and you are not calling me back. Gee, I wonder where your staff get their laid back barely working attitude from. I was trying to wait until I had spoken with her to make this post, but that patience has passed.
1	I read all the reviews on Osaka in summerlin and I sort of knew what I was getting myself into. I only went because people had coupons and they insisted on going. So... here is the review.This place is HILARIOUSLY bad. You know those really bad movies that are so bad they actually turn out to be good? Troll 2, Birdemic, Manos: The hands of fate...etc. I think those movies are the best metaphor for this restaurant. It was so bad, now I get to tell stories to people about how bad it was; and, what may seem like hyperbole in the crap department is the honest truth.Starts out with making a reservation for a regular table (not teppanyaki) for 6:30. We get there and not surprisingly they hadn't written down the reservation. (once again, I read all the other reviews so I came in with no unknown variables). So the invalid girl at the front says, "Oh sorry, it happens sometimes, I'll get you a table ready." NOT EVEN KIDDING. basically saying, "Oh ya, we are screwups and we know it whatareyagonnado?" So we sit at the couch for about 15 minutes at which point we ask the troglodyte what happened to our table. (Mind you there is like 2 other groups in the entire restaurant) and the girl says, "Oh wait, you wanted a table?" And she was TOTALLY SERIOUS! "Actually mam, I just decided it was in my best interest to sit on this uncomfortable couch in this eastern european level sweatbox to pass time."I don't have enough room to go into everything about the service there, but just imply that the entire meal was more of the same... knocking over drinks, touching the ends of your hashi with their stank hands, not having shoyu, and just talking in a way that statements magically become questions using the higher inflection at the end of each sentence a la valley girl.The food was SERIOUS garbage. I could understand this type of sushi coming from a $3.99 off strip all you can eat sushi buffet where people have just abandoned all hope of eating good food, but not from someplace that uses the name of a once stellar Vegas icon. Plus, it was super expensive for what it was.Let me clear something up for the Osaka sushi chef (who I think was some kind of romanian perhaps?) Sushi only consists of 2 things: Vinegar rice (shari) and anything else (neta). Anyone who has ever had good sushi will tell you, the secret is cooking technique, quality and flavour of the rice; and freshness of the ingredient. Well, the rice had no vinegar in it... no flavoring at all...I would say it was of chinese take-out quality, but that would be offensive to chinese takeout. so... they basically missed 1/2 of the essential ingredients of sushi.  Next, the rice wasn't cooked properly. I think they just sort of dumped rice in with water and decided "meh, that looks right." then put it in the dish steamer which is where, in my mind, I believe they cook the rice.Finally, they didn't even roll the sushi correctly. Either they had the nori inside out, or the nori was so cheap it didn't have binding, but, before the plate had even gotten to my table, it had fallen apart. When I gave the server a look like "wtf?" she just shrugged and gave the, "I hate my job anyway, nothing you can do or say will make me feel worse than I do already because I have to be here." look back at me.The tempura was cooked with the technique of an 8th grade cafeteria apprentice, the batter clearly wasn't cooled because it was as greasy as it could get, and all the vegetables had the consistency of toxic-waste guy from robocop. Lastly, people in party got sick.Verdict: With the rise of really bad japanese restaurants in Las Vegas (with a few exceptions) maybe the new trend is going towards really bad sushi with a really steep price but drown out in blasting trendy music... But if you actually want my advice, stay far away from this place unless you want a hilarious story of caution about the downfall of the restaurant industry.
2	I went there and my first roll was a roll with tuna inside and out and the tuna was too pink for me.The second roll of the same name was great, it was deep in red color, that is how I like it. I then ordered the Toro, and it was ok ,when I was trying to leave the hostess was too busy talking on her cell phone to see if I needed anything else, finally i walked up and said can I have my bill, so yes I was disappointed..I think I should try the other one on Sahara since they seem to have better reviews.
1	This place is a joke and not in a funny ha ha kind of way.  Although, the circus like pink and purple walls with green accents and leopard print chairs were fun to look at.  I came here with a big group of people for lunch and there were no redeeming qualities to this place.  The food and the service just flat sucked.  First the food.  Now I'm not a fan of sushi but I love teriyaki and all I got today was under cooked luke warm wet meat.  No flavor whatsoever.  The rest of my bento box was garbage to me.  Rice, four baby california rolls, tempura with one sad shrimp, some strange orange sauce and a very sad inedible salad.  I also ordered a watermelon martini and the only watermelon flavor it had was the garnish.  Horrible waste of alcohol. Now on to the service, which added a mandatory eighteen percent gratuity and the server didn't get a single cent over it either, it was that bad.  Our party was all seated within a few minutes and orders were taken.  Someone was served another persons dish and the waitress insisted it belonged to the person she gave it to.  Food was being boxed up for some people before others even got their meal.  We had to continue to ask her where their food was.  To top it off the person who got the wrong dish was charged for it.  I will never recommend this place and if you are in the area craving teriyaki there is a Teriyaki Madness right next door.
5	I'm going to make this one short and sweet, since I can't remember exactly what we ordered (I let the boyfriend order this time, so I wasn't really paying attention), but everything was delicious, the service was great, the place was really nicely decorated, and to top it all off, we got a sweet Yelp deal. If you have the cash for it, this is definitely a must go!
1	What a disappointment.  Supposed to have dinner at 8pm, party of 12.......after waiting 45 minutes AND some of the party paying for drinks at the bar, we are told there is no room for our party.....somehow the reservation was missing?????  My personal thought....they also had a party of 40...hmmmm which would make them more money?  Turned out for the best for our party....we went to GEISHA HOUSE on N. Decatur and had a WONDERFUL diner, EXCELLENT service, YUMMY food...so I guess Thank you Osaka for losing the reservation....we went somewhere else where our business was appreciated and had a great time!  Oh and won't be back to Osaka!
1	TOTAL FAIL!  Reservation made weeks in advance-14 people for the Hibachi table and 45 minutes later the manager Joy (I think her name is) encouraged us to move on to another restaurant.  WOW really?  Who does that?  We had reservations for a birthday party and what a clustermess!  The whole time we were waiting Joy thought we were another party.  She didnt even have the reservations right.  She was telling my guests that I didnt make the reservation till that day-not true! There was a huge party/work presentation (scheduled for 6pm) going on in their room-scheduled for an hour when some of those guests were approaching the manager to "just feed them"-at this time it was 8:45pm.  Yes.  It sounds like a made up story but for sure its real.To make a long story short we did end up getting reservations with the GEISHA HOUSE ON N. DECATUR and I must say the place was packed and they fit us right in.  Knowing what we had been through, they went over and beyond to make a bad situation right.  Top Class!  At the end of the night (which ended up being late due to starting late-the whole staff came out and gave the birhtday girl a birthday song to remember.  The chef and waitresses wer tipped well as our bill was well over $1500.I've been a long time customer of Osaka and I think I am finally done going there.  It used to be the happenin place and it just has fizzled out.  I dont say often that I wont be back, but being what an embarassing and disappointing experience I can finally say that they will not get our business again.  BTW there wasnt even any heartfelt apologies.  So I apologize to you Joy for your unwillingness to make things right and yet one more bad review for you.  You had alot of first timers that definitely wont be back either.  Just looking at the other review I dont see how this place can recover and be what they were years ago.
2	The Osaka on Sahara is great.  The Osaka on W. Lake Mead Blvd not-so-much.  Amazing that this restaurant can drag down one that has repeatedly been on the "Best of Las Vegas" list.  Sushi was nothing to scream about.  Even though it was on the menu, staff seemed a bit bewildered when we ordered green tea ice cream.  'Twas horrible.  Tasted like a chalky green tea powder mix.
4	What a truly pleasant experience.  Asong cooked for us.  He was very funny and entertained us.  Hibatchi is the way to go for sure.
1	This used to be a really nice place to have a nice lunch or dinner. In fact, it was of of our favorite places to eat. Unfortunately the service, the food and the atmosphere has gone downhill in the last couple of years. The first time my husband and I experienced this place was a company Christmas party a few years ago. The service and the food was wonderful. Osaka's was the place to go for my husband and I whenever we were in the mood for sushi. We noticed that whenever the manager/owner was not around, the restaurant ran smoothly, everyone was happy and at ease, which made for a pleasant experience. However, when she is around, expect that she, along with the wait staff are running around like chickens with no heads acting busy for no reason. The manager is extremely unprofessional and annoying and has no problem raising her voice to her wait staff in front of customers which I find very offensive. Our most recent visit the other night had me make up my mind to never waste my money on this place ever again. We walk in for dinner and the hostess asks us "how many in your party?" I reply "2 for the sushi bar please" immediately points me over to the couch and says "it will be about 15 minutes" mind you the sushi bar is half empty. So we sit on the couch... at about he 10 minute mark, the owner tells one of the waitresses, "two for sushi bar" watiress looks over at us, turns away and preps the settings for the sushi bar. What do you think happens next? If you guessed that we got seated, you're wrong...  she completely forgot about us! So 15 minutes later, we got up and walked out. Complete crap. It was actually a blessing in disguise because we ended up down the street at "The Sushi" on Lake Mead. The best sushi experience we ever had. Wonderful customer service, fun, happy atmosphere, sushi to die for and guess what? It was all you can eat....not just sushi, but everything on the menu for $20.95 per person. Good bye Osaka, I will never be back and I will never recommend you.
5	Always get a happy server and the food is great.
2	Where do I begin??? This place is simply not good! We ordered a surf and turf to share that came with soup, salad and veggies. This was 39.99 plus a share charge. They ask if you want fried rice or white rice, and they don't let you know that they are going to up charge if you choose the fried rice. The rice was unbelievably salty, the steak tasted like New York steak versus the filet mignon it was supposed to come with. The lobster looked as though they bought langostino lobster in bulk at Costco. We ordered two appetizers, shrimp tempura and fried scallops. The tempura was nothing special, 5 stringy pieces of tempura mostly bread about a quarter of it shrimp. I think the only thing worthwhile was the fried scallops, those were good. We ordered two bowls for the kids one chicken and one steak, let's just say your better going to teriyaki madness for 8.95 you get a teriyaki bowl filled with meat rice and vegetables. Our waitress was nice as was the young hostess, aside from that I'd have to say this is the worst place to have hibachi in town. Our total bill was 116.00 WITHOUT alcoholic beverages, and we left still feeling hungry.
1	Have been here many times, not the best, but it was just ok in the past. This last visit was so disgusting that I had to write a review. Dry rice, old tasting fish and just plain yucky. Has been going downhill for years. Don't waste your time and money.
4	I enjoy this sushi place, so I'm surprised to see the other reviews and ratings. The only unpleasant experience I've had here was because my mom and I were seated in a booth next to these obnoxiously loud females who I wanted to throw my food at. But they weren't worth my sushi.. my stomach is worth my sushi...
5	So I have been going to Osaka off and on now for 10 years, usually off because the food is amazing but the service WAS poor.  All new staff with the right attitude.  Our drinks never ran dry everyone was friendly and food was quick no waiting this time.  Also the dinner service made sense for once, soup then sushi with the rice.  In the past soup just kinda made it to the table when ever!  I know I will be back again and I am glad that Osaka has learned from patron feedback and is growing in service!!! If you love the food but the service was bad go back! New great service!
4	Great food! Everything tasted very fresh. We used the bar seating, so I can't say much about the timing for the meal arrival, as others did. Everything we ordered was made at the perfect timing. We didn't have to wait. The only thing we did wait was the payment processing, that took a little while because the waitress was busy with something else in the back room...hence one star down.
5	One of the best sushi places in town!!!
2	I have been to this Osaka location a few times. After going last week, I have decided that I will no longer be giving them my business! I am not a huge sushi critic, the simplest sushi can please me! But I will say, the quality of their sushi is just not that good. The first time I went, I was satisfied but every other time I went, it has just gotten worse and worse. Their happy hour prices are a bit expensive for the serving size they give. I was speaking with one of the waiters and she informed me that if they honor a coupon or any kind of discount, the owner takes the difference out of their checks or they have to pay out of pocket up front. I was disappointed to hear that. Obviously the owner is only worried about money instead of the satisfaction of their regular customers. I wouldn't recommend the sushi options to anybody. I must say, their hibachi happy hour is a good deal though!
2	This place isn't great...Food was okay...Service was ehhhh & I probably go back if coworkers wanted to but I'd probably talk them to going somewhere else...So a party of 6 was like $300--Tip is included for a party that is...Be WARNED!!!! Happy hour has great prices but you can only do soooo much with happy hour...You know!!!
4	What a blast!!! I found this place on restaurants.com and we rented a car for our first day in Vegas. What a good choice. The place looked nice on the outside and it was equally as charming on the inside. A quaint dining area, a hibachi grill and the sushi bar. We oped for the sushi bar since that is what we were there for...The only oddity was the music selection, definitely Pandora playing (the non-subscriber channel), chock full of advertisements every 3 songs or so, a bit distracting but nonetheless a decent ambiance for the mainly 20-30s groups in there. We decided to go the Nigiri route. Damn they have some AMAZING preparations.... We (each) had the Salmon citrus, scallop, yellowfin, San Diego Salmon, Gralic Tuna and so on...Everything was delightful and they had Mochi as well, which my GF loves, but we were so full we opted out. I had a Kirin and a small sake (HH Special) and they were trying to get me to order another round. If it wasnt for me having to return the rental car and drive 15 minutes back into town I would have....If and when I am back in Vegas, or if you are going soon, this is a MUST GO TO SPOT
4	We were concerned after reading other recent reviews, but everything was great. We had a reservation and were greeted upon arrival and sat within a few minutes. The service was fabulous, our wait staff (Saki and Mike) were attentive and quick. Our glasses were never empty for longer. The food was great and a lot of it. A big thank you to our chef Asong, who was funny and put on a great show.
3	This place looked really pretty inside. We sat at a booth and saw a bunch of liquor options from the bar. My boyfriend and I came here for dinner and ordered three sushi rolls and a soft drink. Bill came out about 50 bucks. The price is a bit pricey for what we got. The sushi was tasty, but the rolls are really small; like they rolled it up real tight or something. There was about 8-10 pieces, but the roll itself was small. Does that make sense? We've only been here once and we love sushi.  I suggest going during happy hour from 3-6. They also have a coupon on their website for a little discount.
5	Best sushi I've ever had. The chefs are so creative with the rolls and they taste amazing. I'd recommend trying the Kiyoshi or the SOS those are my favorites!There's also Happy Hour for all of September, even for Hibachi!
5	Thank you Osaka, we celebrated two birthdays here and will make this a birthday tradition based  on our experience tonight.  The sea bass was outstanding, the watermelon Martinis and sake -  fabulous and our server was witty, cute as a button and efficient.   Osaka's is our new favorite. Btw, Thank you Brianna - best server we've had in a long time; we loved your recommendations.
5	Every time I go here I am not disappointed.   The sushi is always fresh and tasty.
5	I have always loved this place and have been coming here since I was in HS! The Hibachi chefs are great and the Sushi is always amazing. The virgin roll and SOS roll are must haves. Also remember to get the fresh watermelon martini while they are in season.
4	We sat at the sushi bar, I ordered yellow tail jalapeno, so so good!! The sizzling albacore was delicious too. Their signature roll is not disappointing either, its called the Virgin Roll. Definitely try it and the Mu Sake!!!!
5	We had a fantastic time @ Osaka tonight! The Miso marinated Sea Bass is to die for, I could make a meal out of that if I didn't want everything else! Make sure you try the citrus salmon & avocado salmon. Don't be afraid to ask Chef Luis if you should use soy sauce or not on whatever you are being served!
5	This place is GREAT!  The food is much better than Benihana and so is the performance.  After talking to our chef I was not too surprised when he told me that he was trained by Rocky Aoki, the founder of Benihana.  Wow, he truly is a master!  I do like Benihana and have been a customer of theirs for years, but the quality of the food and the service at Osaka has taken my business away from my old favorite.This is a fun place to eat, keep up the good work.
5	1st time in after many years since leaving Las Vegas. We were not disappointed. We had Bento Boxes and a couple of rolls. The dragon must have been good because my son finished it almost immediately. I really enjoyed the Japanese Lasagne roll. The quality and serving sizes were good. The Bento boxes by themselves would have been enough but we had to try some rolls. We will definitely be back next time we are in town.
5	I have no idea what the bad reviews are about.  The service was attentive,  the food wonderfully tasty, and the variety was awesome.  So many tasty bites!We loved the spicy edamame, seared scallop nigiri, garlic tuna, Chilean sea bass, Rainbow roll.  All delicious! Fun drinks, too!Next time I'm in Vegas,  we'll definitely come back again.  Thank you!
5	I love this place! excellent food, great service, fun atmosphere! A+ the drinks are always good to! the inside is also beautiful with lots of room for parties or big groups!
4	First let me say that the food and service were great and we will definitely be back.This Osaka location is very modern and it kind has a dance club vibe. The lights were dim & changing color and intensity which made menu-reading a challenge. (My family mocked me as I pulled out my iPhone flash light app to read the menu. LOL)The menu was a makeshift clipboard which didn't live up the classy feel of the place. There is even a DJ booth that the server said hadn't been used in some time. We had been to other Osaka locations, so we were confused when they told us that they had no relation to the other Osakas, even though the name & logo is the same. Weird.Osaka was completely accommodating for our family with two children (2 & 3yo) and Ana, the server was super. I was excited that there was a full bar because I like a cocktail before dinner. Many sushi places only have wine, Japanese beer & sake. They even had 2 featured martinis - Lychee and Watermelon. I went with the watermelon martini over my normal Jack&7.... call me crazy... but it was a great choice.The only beefs I have is when sushi restaurants skimp on goodies in the sushi rolls. Our table ordered 4 rolls, and they were all super delicious. The caterpillar roll had so little eel in it you would think there was a shortage. Also, I felt that some items were a little over priced. Other than that, our experience was great!
1	We made a reservation when they opened at 4pm as recommend by their website. The reservation was at 10pm for dinner. We drove here from the strip and arrived on time and they said oh, our chefs went home.. Needless to say we did not eat here and I am very disappointed in their service. Someone could have said something about not having chefs that late or called us be use they had our telephone # with the reservation. Very poor service.
3	A friend suggested we meet at Osaka Japanese Bistro. My first time there. They really need to work on the menu situation. It is just not working. I had a couple of rolls the lisa lisa and the California Tempura. They were good at the Monday happy hour pricing and the house salad was tasty. My friend had the white tuna sashimi which she said she liked. The place has a nice ambiance. Our server was Jeremy and this kid was very good. Polite attentive and checked on us regularly. There was a problem with the bill but it was taking care of (they overcharged me). I have been to a few Sushi places in Vegas with many more to go this is a nice place but not at the top of the heep. Decent experience. Probably the better in this area of town until I expand my experience. Go for the happy hour.. Until the next time.. ;)
1	On the mission to find a good Teppan grill, this place fell short unfortunately. Nice atmosphere to start with, but the bar is somewhat split into two areas, and rather small. The wine selection is beyond minimal to say the least. The manager at the time seemed too rushed and abrupt to really care about the service we received, from seating to ordering our dinner. The menus are laughable...a clipboard with laminated sheets with the choices. Seriously...invest in a menu. Then when the "show" began we found it too noisy. Honestly I've been to many teppan grills, and never had this complaint...maybe it's bad insulation? The food was mediocre at best, and that's being generous. I'm not one to give bad yelp reviews usually, but wanted to have an honest and helpful one among the rest.
1	First and foremost, the hibachi grill was fantastic however it was not worth an hour wait at the grill. We were seated 30 minutes after our reservation time and then waited another 45 minutes for the chef to come out. Overall, the service was horrific.
1	Eaten here a few times and the good was pretty good. HOWEVER, tonight (Valentines Day) I had reservations for my girlfriend and I and when we arrived, they had no idea who we were. This apparently happened to two other couples as well, and we were all forced to wait for an opening. After waiting for 50m with constant promises of being seated soon, we eventually had to leave because we were going to miss our show. When we were leaving, I told the hostess how disappointed I was and she essentially said it wasn't her fault EXTREMELY rudely.No food is worth being treated this poorly. I am now eating a burger for Valentines dinner with a girl dressed to the nines and we stick out like a sore thumb. I am just praying we still make our show tonight.
4	Great food, reasonablly priced. Our waitress was very friendly and helpful.  Calarmari, and Agadashi Tofu were excellent, the sushi was  very fresh.  next time we are back in Las Vegas, will definitely stop back at Osaka.
2	I tried the newer of the two Osakas for Teppanayki tonight.  The restaurant is very loud even though there weren't many people inside, very echoey and hard to hear.  The vent fan was squealing like someone is trying to kill it, and the light build in the hood above the table was black brown from grease.  The service was great very attentive and the chef was very professional and did the best he could with the sub par ingredients.The food was below grade and very expensive.  I had the Mt Fuji, Fillet, Chicken and Lobster with a two shrimp appetizer.  The fillet was very tough and not great quality, the shrimp was literally just two shrimps.  Since the dinner was almost 50.00 it wasn't really worth the price.  I have been going to Geisha Steakhouse on east DI for years and it is much better and less expensive.
3	This is three stars. I ordered the Mount Fuji dinner and was disappointed. But there is context to this disappointment. I am comparing them against Geisha Japanese Steakhouse on DI and Sandhill.When asked what came with the Fuji as far as appetizers, I was told soup, salad, two shrimp appetizers, and vegetables. I made the mistake of assuming it was tempura shrimp and vegetables like Geisha. What I got was soup, a pretty good salad, and them I got two pieces of 31-40 shrimp that were cooked on the grill. The vegetables actually came at the end of it all. In between I got the fried rice($3.50!) additional charge. It was egg, rice, and soy sauce?!?!?  Then came the chicken, the three small pieces of lobster and the steak. In fairness the steak portion was pretty good, but the steak was more "Meh" than anything.  With the fried rice the food was almost $47.50!For contrast, at Geisha you get the soup and salad. You get to choose an appetizer from their appetizer menu, which I normally get shrimp and vegi tempura. Then you get vegetable fried rice(no up charge), 3-5 pieces of shrimp, chicken, lobster, steak, and stir fried vegetables. On top of that you get soda or sake, or possibly another drink. I believe they are charging $35.95 for this, which is called the Geisha special. In this context, this Osaka meal should get a 2, but I am giving it a 3, because price aside it really is deserving of a three. If you go to their website via the yelp app, there is a coupon for $20 off over $100, and a couple of others. Geisha is the benchmark, and while it is on the other side of town, it is worth the drive. It also looks like a hole in the wall and it is. Some of the best food comes from places described as a hole in the wall. I do however still like this Osaka for their lunch bento boxes.
4	We've eaten here a few times and we love it. When we first discovered this place it was right around the corner from us. Now its a straight shot up the street, but we live on the other side of town, so its a long straight shot. If you're in the area, make sure you check it out. If you don't plan to eat there, call ahead so they can have your order ready when you get there. Otherwise, the wait is pretty long.
5	I am picky with my hibachi places but the food here was amazing. I don't know if it was the chef or the seasoning or the sauces but I usually don't eat all my entree and I did even when I was full. I had shrimp with fried rice and it was delicious. The atmosphere was super nice and I would go back here again when I am in Vegas!
2	I tried the coupon from groupon for $42 for two persons. The food was not that good there tempura was small and the tempura sauce is lacking of taste. The choices is limited in the coupon but it a good saving because the price is a bit high.We went around 6pm and you can see the chairs are dusty maybe its best to go at night when its dark so you can appreciate the place. Hibachi might be their specialty because the regular food wasn't that good for an expensive price. I like their cold green tea though!
3	We love going to hibachi restaurants, we have tried several around town. Comparing to other places the entertainment was almost as good, the only difference is that the prices were slightly higher than other restaurants. They even charge you extra if you get fried rice, which is usually included in the price in other establishments. The food was ok and the customer service was very good. We ordered a roll and this was very good. I heard they have happy hour daily until 6pm, maybe I would come back and try more rolls during happy hour. The restaurant's atmosphere is pretty nice!
1	Great place if you're looking for over priced teriyaki entrees and crap service!! Waited almost 45 minutes for our meal on a Wednesday night with only 2 other tables occupied..very disappointing!!
1	This is the second time we have been in this restaurant. The first time we wanted teppanyaki and they said no we didn't have a reservation. I thought this is a restaurant     Well we tried it again and there was no one in the place. Who ever owns/ runs the place must be delusional. Even if the dinners was free we wouldn't return. Take my advise and don't waste your time or money.  Shame on you whoever owns this place.  Take a good look at your business and try to understand that's it's important to make the customer feel welcome and enjoy the meal. At one point our waitress was screaming a conversation across the bar to someone at the opposite side of the place. Does anyone even care. To top it off the menu is a joke, Xerox copies  of "stuff"on a clip board.
5	I stopped by for lunch. The sushi Leo prepared was excellent, and Jeremy was a very friendly, excellent server. I would definitely recommend this location.
1	Extremely slow. We made a reservation for hibachi and an hour after arriving they have not yet started cooking. The miso soup was good, but their salad came with some chunky orange dressing that didn't taste good.
3	We have been coming here as a family for about 15 years and have always enjoyed the food. The food is still good but the last few times I've been in I have not been a fan of some of the aesthetic changes they have made in the past few months. It's not as comfortable as it was and I've noticed it gets really hot. Also on one recent visit my lobster was like... Rancid. It had a terrible smell and I couldn't eat it. They did take my meal off the tab though.
3	I was actually expecting more from this place :-(. Maybe the other location is better. First our ice green teas, my grandma tasted hers first and said it had no flavor :-(, I tasted mine and she was right. She asked the server if they could make it stronger but she never got around to it, (I think the whole night  she was a bit distracted she seemed like a nice girl but I'm sorry to say her service tonight was not the best :-( ) one of the other gentlemen, whom I think maybe was like the busses did however fix our green teas for us :-). I food took FOREVER to come OMG and we were getting so hungry. I ordered a California tempura roll, my grandma ordered their 007 roll w/ 2 pieces of nigiri w/ tuna & for my son a chicken teriyaki bento box. I was disappointed w/ my roll, most place I go it's pretty big and filling. The roll is always nicely breaded with the Tempura, at this place the tempura on the roll was really skimpy it basically looked just like a regular CA roll. The taste of it wasn't bad, it was decent but was not what I was expecting sadly :-(.and it only came w/ about 5 pieces, normally it's 8 :-(. My son and my grandma shared her sushi her roll looked pretty good and she said it was good but kind of small pieces. Her nigiri looked way smaller and skimpy as well to what we are used to :-(. My sons bento box was pretty good, we all nibbled on it, the chicken teriyaki was just ok, I've had better but the tempura was pretty good and I always love the salad with the Asian ginger dressing!!! We were all still hungry so I ordered just another CA roll and some Gyoza. The Gyoza was actually really good. Overall the taste of the food was not horrible but I've definitely been to better sushi places. They did let my son pick out a piece of candy from their little candy treasure chest which was sweet of them. I probably wouldn't go back since I wasn't wowed this time. Maybe my expectations were too high because I heard it was really good from some friends. :-(. But I have a couple more certificates to use for this place. Next time I'm going to try the hibachi, I'm thinking that's probably the way to go because I still left their feeling a little hungry :-(. I'll have to see what happens the next time.I almost forgot to mention that at one point they said they had ran out of green tea for the night :-(, but towards the end they had some more so have us a couple more glasses. And I was not a fan of the menus. I didn't really get it at 1st, it's just a big clipboard with printed out papers, in the paper protectors, attached to it. It was the weirdest thing to me lol.
5	Love the atmosphere.  Service is great. Our whole families favorite place for sushi:)
1	Food was cold and service was terrible but the worse thing was ANTS in our food. Saw them crawling out.  When I brought it to the servers attention she said it was from the counter.  Asked to be moved and wasn't.  Called And Spoke To The lead Server Because Joy was unavailable and he said it was a known issue but fixed. Blamed it on the weather. Then hung up on me. The next day I talked to Joy the owner and she said that she has a broken back door and was told by the health dept to have 30 days to have it fixed and it isn't. The door is by the cooler and the ants get in that way. This happened on a Saturday and they didn't have an exterminator come in until Monday.   Hibachi cook made a joke with the other customers and made us uncomfortable. We asked for a manager and no one was available. The only restitution was offering us a dessert. Really?  U have ANTS in ur food and you offer more food.  Then the server said I would get a discount and that never happened.    Will never ever go there again and I don't recommend it to anyone to go there
1	I don't even know where to begin. My friends and I decided we wanted to do some hibachi tonight, thought of Osaka, checked their menu online and it said Sundays had "happy hour" hibachi all day for $15, so how could you pass that up...right? We arrive at Osaka, stand in the entry for, no lie, TEN minutes before even being acknowledged. In the meantime the bartender goes back and forth between the bar and dining room and doesn't say a single thing to us, not a "someone will be right with you" or even a "hi."So we FINALLY get seated, then sit at our table for 15-20 minutes before even being acknowledged (again) or getting any drinks, not even a water. At this point we were contemplating leaving. So our server finally comes and takes our order and my friend and I asked if we could do half steak half shrimp and she said she would ask the chef...she never asked him or came back to us with an answer, we just got a surprise when he started cooking. Once dinner was done, an hour and a half later, it was so bland and not tasty. You'd think after waiting so long it would be the best thing ever, but no. So we finally get our check, and they charged us $18 for the hibachi dinner, then an additional $3.50 for the fried rice which apparently isn't included in the dinner. They never informed us of this so that was another lovely surprise we had at the end of our horrible experience. Seriously, don't go here. There are so many other sushi/hibachi places that have good food, good service, no hidden fees and a nice environment. If I could give this review negative stars, I would. The only good thing about the experience was that our chef was funny and Sergei, our busser, was nice and actually on top of things. You would think that they have a happy hour to bring in more clientele, not to lose more than they already have. Yikes.
1	So disappointed... Ordered lunch for pick-up on 6/25/14 for a going-away luncheon ( 6 people) after 2 co-workers raved about the food. Two of the sushi rolls ordered were for 2 different people but put in same container so closely together that it became a mess when separated to go to each person.  One was the Philadelphia roll which this person had ordered several times in the past. She noticed that it did not taste "the same".  She did not say it was bad- just "different" and she did not finish it (and it was her going-away lunch)  We also ordered 2 appetizer sized vegetable tempura ( it usually is a decent sized portion) but got 2 tiny sides of the tempura (and only  charged $5.95) but for one of the persons, that was supposed to be their "meal" ( and disappointingly , they were almost flavorless).  Only 1 little plastic cup of sauce ( unsure what kind or what it was supposed to go with) came with ALL of the food & 3 packets of soy sauce.  The persons who ordered the chicken teriyaki lunches said their food was fine.  Tje person who ordered shrimp fried rice said it was "fine" ( not the highest compliment) . The biggest let-down was not receiving the Rock Shrimp Salad ( but charged). Ok, this happens.  I call the restaurant to explain.  The employee apologized & said it was ready and did we want to come back to pick up?  Uh- no, I could not drive back to pick it up. The employee did apologize and said he would speak to his manager to correct the charge. 15 minutes later, she did call- very apologetic and said she would remove the charge. She asked for my card information in order to make the correction - including my security code # and assured it would be handled. Saturday I awaken to a debut withdrawal for the original amount.  I waited until 1130 am that morning to call but no one answered.  Had to leave for a day full of errands and figured that who knows what could happen in trying to collect my 9.95 back.  So I will just chalk this up to a very poor experience all the way around and patronize other restaurants close to our office instead.
1	This sushi restaurant is ridiculously expensive and unacceptable.  I had a restaurant..com coupon that was for $15.00 off  $22.50.  When we placed our order we were told the coupon was not good for happy hour.  I did not read that anywhere on the coupon. So we decided to order ale cart.  First of all there is a lot of food that had  no prices on the menu ex. appetizers, salads, soups,  and green tea.  Secondly, I ordered shrimp tempura which never arrived to my table.  When questioning the waitress, she said the other waiter forgot.  She showed me a receipt for $39.51 minus my $15.00 from my coupon. All that we had to eat was some salads, soup and some tofu.  The only thing they did bring out that was satisfactory was citrus salmon for my daughter.  For $23.00 and a small tip, we left feeling starved.  As I arrived home my stomach started to bother me.    I would not suggest this place for sushi to anyone.  I also noticed that the whole place was empty.  I wish I would have read yelp before wasting a $15.00 coupon on this scam of a place place.
1	Food is not anything special and hibachi is way overpriced. While dining an ant crawled off my sisters plate and when we told them about it they made it seem like we were making it up, however later on in the night more ants appeared on our table and when we told the sever she wiped the table down with a dish rag and went on with no care. For a meal that was over $150 I expected better service and a much cleaner atmosphere. If you're thinking of coming here maybe try Ohjah instead; cleaner atmosphere, tastier food, fresher sushi, and much better customer service.
5	We were visiting Las Vegas for a wedding. The week before, we saw this restaurant on Restaurant Steakout. We saw the many improvements they had made. We decided to try it. We arrived on June 26th at 11:30 am. We were the first diners. We were seated quickly, and our waitress was great. I ordered the lunch beunto box. It was delicious. We also ordered the "Willie Roll" which Willie Diegel created on the show. It was very good. Another male employee checked on our table several times and refilled our drinks. I did not like how the menu was on a clipboard in plastic sleeves, and neither did Willie Diegel. We were talking about how good the food was but was concerned that when we left an hour later, we were still the only customers. As we were leaving, we noticed Osakas parking lot only had one car in it, and it was ours. The restaurant next door's parking lot was packed with cars. Overall, our experience was great but was very concerned that no one else was there. It makes me believe that the restaurant's reputation has not improved since being on Restaurant Steakout..
3	A group of three of us came here for dinner before  show.  Thought 90 minutes should be plenty of time.  Service was slooooow.  Also, strangely, the menus were loose-leaf papers on clipboards.  My menu was not the same as my wife's as pages were missing! We ordered several appetizers, several sushi rolls and bento boxes to share.  The appetizers were good as were the sushi rolls.  The bento boxes were not so good.  The chicken teriyaki was tough.  My wife couldn't eat it.  My beef teriyaki was a bit better.  There were quite a few people there for teppanyaki but I can't vouch for that experience or food.  I would come back for the sushi and appetizers.
1	My last review was removed because I wrote the word "basic".  And this sushi place is less than basic,  I should of been more specific. This place enjoys serving rice rolls which are bland,  boring and might I ask,  "where's the fish". They serve California rolls with different sauces and they market them with different names.  By the way this place has no affiliation with the Osaka on Sahara.  But the owners are family,  but obviously one sibling cares about the quality of sushi his restaurant serves while the other is more interested in selling booze and the club scene.
2	If you ask them not to put something in your sushi roll because you don't like it, don't worry they'll put it in there anyway. Also if you order to go THEY CHARGE YOU FOR THE BOX. I've been here many times and they can be unprofessional.
4	So I decided to give this local restaurant another shot. Let's just say I did so with huge reservations against this place, but to my surprise I was shocked!!! My wife and I came in for the hibachi and we were waited on by one of the old staff members( reason number one for not wanting to come back) and a new girl I believe her name was Blair. Well let me tell you Blair was a breath of fresh air very personable very attentive and def new her product unlike the girl she was working with it was kinda like the ying yang effect. Food was average like before small portions and a bizarre menu system(clip boards really???) all that aside the customer service that we received from Blair was top notch and that alone will have us coming back.
4	My bf and I came in for date night with a Groupon. After reading a lot of bad reviews, I wasn't sure what to expect. It was very slow, but they were trying to schedule the Teppanyaki so that they could start it for everyone coming in, so that resulted in us sitting by ourselves for a while. We got our salads and soups, and then chef was about to start with just us when another couple walked in, so our server made him wait. We were pretty annoyed as we had already been waiting for 30 minutes and were starving. However, 10 minutes later the chef started, and we befriended the new guests and ended up having an awesome time. Our chef, Thurston, was amazing! He was super fun, and we all drank sake together and made great conversation. The food was TO DIE FOR. I ordered scallops and my boyfriend ordered the combo of steak and chicken. Thurston added shrimp to our fried rice. I think there were like 8 giant scallops in my order. It was SO MUCH food!!  I think they might have some timing issues with the service, but other than that, it was a great experience. Our server was very nice and attentive. What started out as a potentially bad experience ended up being well worth the wait.
5	I love their osaka ribs!Their other food is pretty good too.They have teppanyaki tables.Service is good.They cover their tables with a tablecloth & butcher paper over the tablecloth. (I think it's a waste of paper. I wish they wouldn't do that).The lighting is a little too dim for my taste. I know some people think it's romantic or whatever, but I personally like to be able to read my menu.The fresh flowers on the tables are a nice touch.I like their trendy decor.
1	The food & the restaraunt is a nice place but the waiting staff is beyond slow. My waiter Gina took 25 mins just to bring me water. I find it ridiculous that the service is so slow. The to go menu by the door lists different prices for happy hour items but the management barely wanted to honor it
4	Service: little slow at times but very nice peopleDecor etc: pretty with smooth jazz. Price: high. Use restaurants.com coupon. Got a tempora shrint entree and friend got a bento box which was good. Both for like $18 ea.BEST RED BEAN ICE CREAM!!!
2	Where do I start....We went there on a Monday night when they are offering all day happy hour meals at a discounted price. You would think with the added crowd they would have more chefs for the Hibachi table. NO! they only had one guy cooking for all the tables. We had to wait for almost an hour (almost walked out the door) until he finished the other tables and came to us (poor guy had to cook two tables at one time!).  I guess for a restaurant that couldn't even invest in printing some decent menu it's too much to ask for them to invest in taking care of their customers.
1	DIRTY tables. There were chunks of food wedged between the tables around the hibachi grill. Over priced, unimpressive specialty martinis at the bar. Thurston was the only good thing about the entire evening. My two different types of puny lobster tails can be bought at Smith's for $5 each. We were charged an extra $17 on top of our Groupon. What a joke! My husband thought the oil used was rancid. He took one bite of his fried rice and pushed it aside. The filet had fatty pieces. UGH! Save your money. There are much better places to go in Vegas.
1	I would definitely not recommend this restaurant. We sat in the booths on the other side of the bar. Where there's barely any divider. The bartender was right next to us frantically moving around dropping bottles and causing a lot of noise. At one point he accidentally flung water which landed on my face/in my eye. Our server wasn't the best. Very unfriendly, and didn't seem to want to be here. Other than the service, the food itself was terrible. Most important part of sushi is the rice. The rice was horrible. Their ponzu sauce was incredibly salty/vinegary. It complete overpowered the roll it's self. I also ordered the spicy tuna hand roll, which looked like a 5th grader made it for the first time. We ordered the 007 roll. It was a tempura roll with spicy tuna on top. There was barely any tuna on top and it legitimately tasted like it was stirred in ketchup. It was horrible. All in all it was a very bad experience. Being at other Osaka restaurants we thought it was going to be similar. We were way off in what we expected. The fish is not fresh, the rice was bad, service was horrible. Save yourself the money and time. Don't come here.
5	Took my beautiful  family out for their 1st hibachi  and what we loved more than anything is that he showed our son more attention  which we always look for so by far 10 star service cause they show their customers  what satisfaction  is
1	I was severely disappointed with this particular Osaka. I absolutely love the one on Sahara, and wanted to give this branch a try. I definitely regret it. At lunch time, there were only three parties when there should have been a large lunch rush - and for good reason. The service was slow, extremely, extremely slow. It took about 20 minutes just to get our first sushi roll. The bento boxes we ordered were overpriced for what you've served, and half of it was cold by the time it got to our table. I will not be visiting the Summerlin Osaka in the future, and instead will stick with the Sahara Osaka, which has fast service, better prices, and is overall excellent, quite the contrary to this branch.
1	wow this used to be a pretty good sushi restaurant it's definitely  down the sewer Unbelievable they serve old TUNA , YELLOWTAIL, Virgin Roll unappealing sad!Then they tried to charge us for a roll we didn't want because it had a bad smell because they said there wasn't nothing wrong with it!!WE WONT BE BACK
1	I wish I can give them zero stars this place was extremely horribly with service and my service came from the head honcho I believe it was the manager or the owner!!! Some older, cranky women. I went in to have dinner with my cousin . We sat down quickly, and it all went down hill. I noticed the manager/owner greeting everyone in the restaurant expect my cousin and I !! Then we ordered our food and it took a least an hour to get 2 simple rolls. Now I'm starting to get fussy!!  Then I decided to confront her and she was completely rude and was basically arguing with me!! In front of everyone and was trying to make me pay for a roll I never  got. I felt as if she was trying to keep me in the restaurant and not let me out. She said the since the roll arrived at my table I need to pay !! I said I will not pay for it. (The roll got there as I confronted her time frame 1 hour and 30 min long now)! NEVER COME HERE !!! Go to NAKED FISH!! So delicious and most importantly FRESH!!!!
2	Been here twice for their Tepanyaki section of the restaurant.Upon entering, the hostess/maybe the manager seemed very frantic and confused. We had reservations at 7p....party of 4 and she just looks like a deer in headlights. Took her awhile to get us seated even though the restaurant had plenty of seats available.We got a Groupon for this place so we ordered two entrees of the Osaka Medley from the hibachi section of the menu. Each entree comes with miso soup, salad (delicious ginger dressing) and steamed rice. Fried rice costs extra.Everything was cooked to our liking and our cook was entertaining, to say the least. However, they salt the shit outta their meats and fried rice. I've never felt so bloated in my entire life. I seriously must of retained so much water weight that night, I felt like a ripped pumpkin getting ready to pop!!!! Horrible feeling!!!!! =(Plus...a few days later, my stomach didn't agree with their food. Don't want to get TMI but ugh...my stomach is gurgling as I type this. Back in high school....this whole "cook-in-front-of-you" thing was awesome! Now...this doesn't appeal to me much. Plus it's too much food. Thanks but no thanks.
2	I hope an investor buys this location and remodels before they go out of business. I feel bad for the employees because the owner must sell or remodel. I wish them luck and hope for the best - the current state of things are not in a positive trajectory :(. I am sorry cause I know this review does not help at all but I want you to be honest with yourself.
4	The service is a bit slow, but mgr and servers work with you (to get your group a table) when you make that last minute decision to go out for Hibatchi/Teppanyaki.Food is good and don't be afraid to customize your Hibatchi/Teppanyaki items; the servers and chefs are accommodating. The place could use a remodel and a consistently & professionally staffed (and set-up) bar.One of our recent visits; we were using a Groupon deal on a Sunday evening. Turns out, Osaka had some Sunday evening specials and the Groupon would have been better utilized on a different day.
