5	I went to see Dr. Twesme for a tooth extraction. I was prepared for the worst, since my only previous experience had involved gum cutting, tooth breaking, jaw drilling and an excruciating pain that lasted for about 2 weeks. He took his time with the anesthesia and then he started working on pulling the tooth. Some 30 seconds after, I heard him ask the nurse for gauze. The tooth was out before I knew it and I was driving and talking on the phone within an hour after arriving at his office. I took two painkillers that day, but I didn't need any already the following day. I ate normally, with zero pain less than 24 hours after the extraction. What really impressed me if that, a few hours after the extraction, Dr. Twesme called me to ask how everything was going and if the bleeding has stopped. I hope I will not need oral surgery any time soon, but if I do, Dr. Twesme is the only doctor I would consider for the job.
2	I saw this dentist to have my wisdom teeth out. When I was there first for the consultation I asked the office lady to make sure my insurance was gonna cover it. All was good and I paid only a copay. When I went for the extraction, again I asked her to make sure all was well, and she said yep ur fine. Then I got a bill for $1200. When I called they said "Oh, you reached your maximum", which I had never done in my life but that year I got my first crown... When I explained to the staff that I specifically was told by the staff that it would be covered no one helped. So I made an appt with Dr Twesme asking for some leniency, maybe to meet me half way, he was demeaning, annoyed, and told me that "you should pay your bills young lady". That's right, I'm young. And your lazy staff didn't obviously contact my insurance and no one is taking responsibility except me. I paid the $1200 over the course of a year. Between them and I, I was the only honorable one.PS: He did ok on the extractions.
5	Dr. Twesme is amazing.  He is simply a gem.He is incredibly knowledgeable and as I spoke with him before he pulled my wizzies (wisdom teeth), I felt completely at ease with his expertise.  When he started the anesthesia I barely even felt the needle go in!Within the hour, I was up and about and on my way home.  They say you shouldn't drive within 24 hours, so I didn't, but I sure felt like I could.  His staff is great, Dr. Twesme is great, and I recommend him greatly.
