2	Same old, same old... my GF and I came here because we had the munchies and didn't feel like going into a noisy casino.  They have a sign out front advertising they had Wi-Fi.  But it didn't work.  :(
1	We got a happy meal with no toy.What's the point?!And the manager was a prick
1	McDonalds and ATT have a WiFi service arrangement. I had just eaten a late breakfast, but I needed to check my email so my LA ATT.com dsl service add on gives me nationwide free wifi at McD's, Starbucks and many other locations. So, I don't like to go to a place and just use the wifi and not buy anything, so I bought the Angus burger swiss cheese/mushroom and it was okay, 3 stars, but I'm deducting 2 stars for the crappy wifi service... I've used McD's wifi service many times and at this location, I dicked around for nearly an hour and couldn't get it to work... So I bought food I didn't really want and so it was a big waste of time and money. I had to go to Starbucks and they saved my day.Hey, I like the Carl's Jr, Big Carl burger better anyway and it's 40% cheaper.
1	If I owned this place, I'd fire every manager, especially the fat ass that works in the morning.   There are five people in line waiting to order and only one person at the counter.  Meanwhile I count 3 managers walking around doing who knows what.  Then this guy comes up to the counter for his free coffee refill so the girl at counter stops taking orders so she can fiddle with the coffee maker.  20 mins to get 2 sausage mcmuffins.  If there was another place on the way to work, I would say screw this place!
1	Crappy area, weird parking lot. There's a sign posted that said "merge" to get in to the drive thru. However when I tried to MERGE another customer refused to let me and then hit my brushguard! When I went to see the manager he said I was at fault and although the sign says "MERGE" it really means I should I have yeilded. Really? The sign did't say yield it said MERGE! Between being told my a cranky manager that I can't read, the bad area this is located in, and the aweful parking I opted to head to Del taco in a nicer area instead.
1	Fool me once, shame on you.Fools me twice, shame on me.Never again.This McDonald is absolutely the worst.They suck at wait times.They suck at customer service.They suck at ringing your order up correctly.This location is just horrible.Never ever in my life will I visit this location again.
1	Worst McDonald's I have ever been to! The area is bad but the employees are just as bad no customer service and just do not care about the customers just themselves and their jokes even the manager acts like a teenager talking about parties and using bad language in front of my child. The food was also not fresh I stopped there since its the closest to my work but I will drive an extra mile and go to the one on Sunset and Eastern WAY more professional and fresh!! Who ever owns this McDonald's has no clue on the behavior of their employees!
1	Not a very good McD's.  Fountain sodas are flat. Wait times at the drive-thru are ridiculous. Don't bother going inside, it's not any better service. Speak of which, how bout reiterating my order so I don't end up paying for someone else's food.  Disaster avoided! My rating was almost a -2 stars....Re: drive-thruUtterly ridiculous. 2 entrances for 1 order terminal/speaker box (right of way madness). Not to mention the horseshoe turn where it's near likely you'll hit some idiot passing through the drive-thru to get inside the McD's...not worth a visit.
1	I waited half an hour in the drive thru @3 am with only 3 cars ahead of me, and all I wanted was a fucking soda. No apology for the wait, nobody could be bothered to walk it out to me so I didn't have to wait. Ridiculous!
