4	I am not sure where Wesley lives, but this Fry's is not a Ghetto store on the outside.  I happen to shop at Frys Food and Drug Stores at Thunderbird and 40th Street and can tell you it is a great place to buy food.  I think this store, in particular, has excellent customer service.  The employees are friendly, they smile and will help you out when you ask or look lost.  Management is excellent and they will bend over backwards to try and resolve any issues you might have with the store.  This store is always clean (especially the bathrooms), and the Starbucks is very good.  Extra:  patrons are good about putting their carts away so you will always find them inside the store -- even in the heat of summer.
4	This Fry's is in a decent area, not "ghetto" in any way.  There is a new gas station in the parking lot, which is handy.The store is nice, clean, well stocked, and close to home.  It's not my favorite grocery store in town, but it does the job.  Employees are helpful and friendly.  Their Starbucks people are also customer service oriented.  Good neighborhood market overall.  I'll be back!
4	Gas stationStarbucksGood Customer ServiceSelf Check OutNice....clean....and right down the road from my apt.Most Importantly....great prices....and points for gas for every dollar you spend.Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
2	I have been going to this Fry's for years and until today have not had any problems. The ladies at the pharmacy were rude and not helpful in refilling a prescription I have been taking for 4 years now. I will not be returning to this pharmacy, which is quite an inconvenience as it is right near my house and have been going there for years.
3	Decent Fry's location, Pharmacy, Gas Station, Starbucks and two Redboxes outside.
4	Always had a great experience with the Fry's and the Wells Fargo! Had any bad food and returns have been a breeze and I rented a Rug Doctor so many times and they stand by their word! Love this Fry's. Feels weird to shop at any other Fry's
4	This is the best Fry's I have been too. It has a layout that makes it easy to get around and find what you need. The parking lot isn't terrible. They have good products and fast friendly customer service. They even have their own gas station and you get gas points for every dollar spent.(History tidbit: This Fry's used to be across the street next to a Super X drugstore.)
4	This is definitely "my store". I'm here almost every other day. There are several sales associates that I have gotten to know and make polite conversation with; it's nice to have such friendly people but then I don't want to run in when I look like crap, which is probably a good thing for everybody. I love Fry's because the prices are closer to Walmart than Safeway, but the self checkout gets me out of there quickly (as opposed to Safeway- doesn't have one) and the store is large and has most things I need without being a day trip just to reach all four corners (like Walmart). I'll miss this Fry's when I move!
5	I liked the layout of this particular Fry's.  Was very clean and organized and had a large section of simple truth items at the front of the store.
