5	I've been waiting for 21 Cakes to open and today was the day!I got there a little late (1 p.m.) so there weren't too many cupcakes left (they were a huge success!)  but the bakers were busy in the kitchen baking more and frosting away!The Bubble Gum Cupcake has white cake with confetti throughout, topped with a fabulous bubble gum buttercream frosting (in pink and green, my favorite colors, no less!In addition, I bought the chocolate peanut butter which was (finally!) an absolutely delish chocolate/peanut butter cake topped with buttercream frosting. WONDERFUL doesn't begin to describe the flavors! These are not the huge variety of cupcake like Caketini, but normal-sized (good, I can eat more of them) and fresh beyond belief!
5	OH DWAM YOU'VE JUST DISCOVERED THE BEST CUPCAKERY AROUND. Congratulations! Here's how to proceed (choose any/all of the following):1) Order a deep dark chocolate cupcake with mint buttercream frosting topped with an andes mint. Smell it. Cherish it. Cry over it when it's gone.2) Order something with fudge frosting on it. Become addicted. Deny eating it, then order another.3) Order a banana Nutella cupcake, i.e. the most tender banana cake known to man, topped with Nutella cream cheese frosting. Savor it, then buy four for tomorrow.3) Order a breakfast cupcake to go. In the morning, enjoy the moist, delicate coffee (cup)cake topped with cinnamon sugar crumble. Disregard anything bad that happens for the rest of the day. Love life.5) Put on your fanciest hat and order an almond tea cake topped with light whipped orange cream cheese frosting. Then, order 11 more and have a tea party with friends/stuffed animals of your choosing.You literally cannot go wrong here. 21 Cakes is spreading the love and you're about to get infected. Now get excited.
5	Yum! Yum! Yum!The best cupcake place in town. Highly recommend the banana nutella.
3	My friends and I did a "Cupcake Crawl" for a 40th birthday celebration.  This was out Fifth stop. The shop is a little small and doesn't provide much room to sit and eat, as there's only room for 1 table that seats 6.The cupcake varieties were fairly limited.  We chose four to try:1) The original - Chocolate cake with vanilla buttercream2) Chocolate cake with peanut butter buttercream3) Vanilla cake with a salted caramel frosting4) Kid's Bubblegum - Vanilla cake with confetti and bubblegum flavored frostingThe cake for the Original and the one with PB frosting was the same. It most and quite tasty.  However, the PB frosting had such a faint PB flavor that it was actually difficult to tell which was which.  I was actually very disappointed in the salted caramel frosting. I couldn't taste the caramel at all and expected the salt to be more integrated into the frosting, as opposed to just being decoration.Most surprisingly was the Kid's Bubblegum cake.  The cake was a bit dry but the frosting was out of this world!!Too bad the chocolate cupcake wasn't offered with the bubblegum frosting.
5	21 Cakes is hands down my new favorite cupcake shop. I have tasted different flavors (banana nutella, salted caramel and cherry cupcakes) on 3 sperate occasions and they are all phenomenal.Each cupcake I tried was moist and full of flavor. Best of all they don't drown the cake in frosting. It's a nice balance of both. The staff is beyond friendly and they have indoor and outdoor seating so you can stay and eat if you want (which I did). Next on my list to try is chocolate mint (it has an Andes mint on top - how can I not?)
3	I wanted to like this cupcakes, specially since I had read about the caramel sea salt one.  I decided to buy 2 of them and one "Special".  I had my caramel sea salt there and I didn't even finish it.  I put it in the box and went home.  The cake part was dry, which was disappointing.  The special was better, but I am not sure I would make the trip to get another one.
3	Well I loved the salted carmel cupcake....but must agree they are VERY small for the price. I brought 6 different flavors home for my son to taste as he is the expert (grown college son) he gave them all a thumbs down and thinks Sprinkles are better!! So the decision was split in our house!
5	With all the new shiz available at 21, I'm forced to re-edit my previous statement. Here's how to do it:1. Order a pretzel dipped in milk chocolate, caramel, and toffee. Eat it while someone rings you up, then buy the entire glass jar of them right before they get the chance to charge you for the first one.2. Buy a macaron in every flavor. Order coffees for two, then drink both coffees and feed yourself the macarons. There's no time for shame, we're talking about Parisian confections here.3. Find yourself torn between craving a cookie and a cupcake. Come to 21 Cakes and order the Snickerdoodle cupcake. Melt into a pile of joy.4. Order a small box of Vanilla Salted Caramel cupcakes as a nice gift for some friends. Walk to your car. Notice you've accidentally eaten the entire box. Repeat.5. Set free the classy inner child within yourself. Enjoy a cold glass of milk and a peanut butter chocolate cupcake. No one cares if you get frosting on your face. Look at you, you adorable little inner child.6. Start your diet with a lemon cupcake and a banana nutella cupcake for two servings of fruit. That's how it works, right?7. Celebrate your birthday by picking your favorite 21 Cakes cupcake and having the staff turn it into a beautiful layer cake. Blow out your candles, surrounded by friends and family, then treat it like a cupcake by proceeding to consume the entire thing yourself, without a fork.Ready? Set, go!
5	I walked in here to buy a soda and came out with a variety of pretzel sticks dipped in various sweet confections and a trio of cupcakes. The store is beautiful. It's in a pretty ritzy little PV/Scottsdale shopping center, so one would expect that. I had fun talking to the sassy girl behind the counter - we quipped back and forth, and she questioned me about the photos I was taking with my cell phone suspicious about where they would end up. I sent one to my girlfriend (she has the word "CUPCAKE" tattooed on the inside of her bottom lip) to which she replied: "YOU"RE KILLING ME!" It may or may not have had a part in her decision to go to Bikram yoga tonight. I asked why they weren't at the Cupcake Love-in, and she said it was because they were busy... now that I've tasted the cupcakes, I'd guess it was probably because they didn't want to embarrass all the other bakeries. I mean, wow. All three were beautifully crafted, and in the display case they all looked very uniform - like it didn't matter which Salted Caramel one you got, they would all be the same.I had Banana Nutella - holy crap, so amazing. The flavors were distinct, but not overpowering. It wasn't overly sweet either. The cake was moist and fluffy (but substantial), and the frosting was creamy and soft. There was no sour or sugary aftertaste.I also had their Double Chocolate... It was very moist and very chocolate forward. It was a bold flavor. Again, it wasn't overly sweet and the consistency of the cake and frosting was the same. If you're a chocolate lover, this is serious business.Finally got my girlfriend's favorite - Red Velvet. I'm normally not a huge fan because the frosting on these often tastes "off" to me. This is hands-down the best Red Velvet I've ever tasted. The frosting was again not too sweet and the flavor only hinted just enough at cream-cheese. The cake was delicious as well. Again, no aftertaste - and after sampling all 3, I didn't feel sick to my stomach with sugar overload. The pretzel sticks dipped in various sweets were amazing. This place being across the street from the Railroad park, I can see taking a date here and picking a couple of these up and going for a walk in the park. If I'm ever tasked with getting cupcakes for someone, I'm probably coming here.
2	I have to agree with another reviewer on here that the cupcakes are small for $3.50 each (or whatever the exact price is).  They are lovely and I love the different options, but the ones I purchased were also dry.
4	I am a chocoholic....but I don't get the chocolate cupcakes here....it is all about the Salted Caramel Vanilla!I tried the chocolate, nothing that would bring me back for round two (even with the peanut butter frosting), but when I tried the Salted Caramel Vanilla I was a goner!  The cake is so moist and the vanilla frosting, drizzle of caramel and the sprinkling of sea salt take this cupcake to another level!  YUM YUM YUM!Please don't tell chocolate that I am cheating on him!
4	In my opinion, better than Sprinkles. The selection is not quite as large, prices about the same, but the cupcakes are more moist. So far the vanilla - salted caramel is my favorite, can't wait to try more of their flavors!
5	The salted caramel cupcake is amazing!
4	Stopped in to this charming little bakery a couple of weeks ago needing something chocolate, stat!The service was prompt, friendly and helpful and therefore, I didn't mind the slightly high price for these sweets.I tried the mini pistacio macarons (the French style, not the American coconut style) and they were very good since I waited for them to be "room temperature" like the counter clerk advised. But that really wasn't what I came in for...Let's get to the cupcakes:The red velvet and the chocolate peanut butter were good: frosting very light yet flavorful (light with respect to the texture/flavor, as opposed to the amount; I always scrape half the frosting off of a cupcake as I do not care for too much but I NEVER condemn a place that puts too much on as I realize that some people love a lot of frosting!) and yet, the cake portion was just a TAD too dry for my taste.The salted caramel actually disappointed me:  a.) I appreciate more salt and b.) I prefer a chocolate cake with my caramelMy FAVORITE (and this one was so good, I would definitely return for more, despite living 30+ minutes away) was the BOSTON KREME cupcake. This one was very moist with chocolate icing (not fluffy frosting) and a small dab of custard? in the center. YUM-ME!!! Gotta' get me some more of those......now, if they could just make one of those with chocolate cake and white cream filling, I'd be in a More Cupcakes of Chicago Kind of Paradise!!!
2	I tried the banana nutella cupcake. The cake part was banana bread, which was great. However, the frosting on top was way too sweet, tasted strongly of cream cheese, and no nutella flavor was to be found.  I really wanted macaroons, but was told they are only available Th-Sa. The prices are quite high at nearly $4 per cupcake. I likely won't visit again.
3	Yum, little excessive with the frosting though. Nice employees too
4	Super cute. Super delicious. Amazing macaroons. Scrumptious cupcakes. Charming and you can see them bake!! Unique flavors too with the classics we all love at the same time!
5	Best french macarons I've had outside of Paris, and I really mean it.  Since going to Paris 2 years ago, I've been on a quest.  They are always super fresh, that's why they sell out of them on a regular basis.  I really love the blueberry, raspberry and vanilla.  Well actually, I loved all 6 flavors they had.  They are small and inexpensive.  About $1.60 each.  There are only a couple of other places that make them here in the Phoenix area, and they are overpriced and never fresh.  The cupcakes are fabulous too.  I love the salted carmel vanilla and lemon the best.  The store is very charming and the staff is always nice!
4	Stopped in here on a whim and was pleasantly surprised. The inside is nice - it's cute and has the cupcakes on display in a large glass case. There were all the regular flavors you'd normally find in a cupcake shop and being on a coconut kick, I ordered the coconut. I had to split it with the husband, but it was good. The cake was moist and the frosting wasn't overpowering - a simple buttercream with coconut shavings on top. I was eyeing the Salted Caramel and wishing I had purchased one of those as well. The pricing wasn't too bad either - I'll definitely be back to try other flavors.
3	I had super high hopes for this place, but the frosting was just too much - way too sweet.  So sweet my teeth hurt and I had to scrape some off!  I will say that the cake is very good - moist, even the chocolate - and a nice selection of flavors.  We picked up the vanilla salted caramel, chocolate pb and pumpkin.  The pumpkin was the clear winner.  The french macarons were dry and not fresh...
5	My new fav cupcakes!  Beats Sprinkles!
3	The shop is tiny, clean and so cute!  The cupcakes all look wonderful, and the cococarmelat caught my eye with the toasted coconut and chocolate drizzle.  It was prettier than it was tasty though.  While good, it didn't blow me away. The cake was moist, but the frosting didn't have much flavor other than the taste of plain sugar.  Pretty sweet. I also had a chocolate macaron, which was good- it tasted like the flaky papery top and chewy edge pieces of a brownie, the best parts!  Overall, it's pretty good, just a little too sweet for my tastes.
4	21 Cakes has the best cupcakes in the Valley and I have tried them all. They are super moist and tasty. My favorites are the red velvet, salted carmel and bread pudding. I did see that a couple of reviews talked about the size. I think the size is perfect. I don't like them so big you can't finish or if I do Ihave a belly ache and wished you would had not ate the whole thing.
4	Excellent local business. Unique flavors and recipes that vary daily. Friendly staff and service. Most importantly fantastic cupcakes!
5	Amazing French macarons! Such lovely cupcakes lined up in the cases, I wanted one of each! Will have to add to review after I've had a cupcake. For now, I will certainly return for the macarons!
5	I am a HUGE macaron fan ever since I tried it at Laduree in Tokyo in 2009.  When I learned about this place, I had to go & try it.  I chose lavender as it's unusual, and I love any flowery favor.  It was lovely.  My picky eater daughter even loved it and said that she feels like eating fresh lavender flower.  It's not artificial strong flavor.  Very subtle, yet you can really taste it.  I loved it so much that I signed up for their macaron class.  It was a great experience.  I have been trying to bake them on my own at least once a week after the class now.  I am very excited about their cake decoration class.  I will sign up for sure in the future! I am so looking forward to have their cupcake as dinner entree with a couple of macarons for dessert before the class starts!!
5	Clearly the most sensational cupcakes in the Valley of the Sun.  Nothing commercial about the taste, quality, creative design and personalization of this quaint shop.  The owners, Linda & her husband are incredibly engaging and personable.  These cupcakes are freshly made on the spot and clearly offer a "party in your mouth."  Cocoamalatte & Banana Nutella are my favs.  You'll just keep coming back!
5	I was in Scottsdale over the weekend for my nephew's 1st birthday and my brother-in-law's 37th. (they fall on the same day) Instead of a cake, the picked up a variety of cupcakes from this place and good lord, were they delicious.I had a bite of the chocolate cupcake with chocolate frosting (yum!) but I'm a sucker for peanut butter so I ended up eating the chocolate cupcake with peanut butter frosting. The cake was moist and delicious and the icing was nice and thick (butter cream I think?) without any of that grainy texture from when bakeries use granulated instead of powdered sugar to sweeten the frosting. I would have eaten about twenty more but then I'd be in a diabetic coma. Definitely will pick up some of these cupcakes again when I'm back in Scottsdale.
4	Not as good as Sprinkles in my opinion but really yummy.  Cute little store, delicious macarons (but I recommend you stay away from the lavender ones, they taste like soap/cleanser).
4	Love it!!! I have been around the world and tasted all kinds of cakes, cup cakes and I must say 21 Cakes is on my top list- beat Caketini, sprinkles and the other lower forms/taste :) of cup cakes in Arizona.I would like to see LESS frosting. I trash half of my frosting on the cup cake. This is not just my opinion but others- co workers and friends.You want to see more of me- Reduce frosting, and increase your cake dough!!!!!
5	The cupcakes here are perfect.  Moist cake, smooth and flavorful icing, and the perfect ratio of each.  The vanilla salted caramel is amazingly delicious, and you can taste all the flavors.  Sometimes they offer a 'buy one get one free' deal (I was told by the cashier to check the facebook page for specials and deals.
5	I ordered a cake for a baby gender reveal party with Linda, the owner, who was a pleasure to work with. The cake was white (dyed blue) with Oreo filling and butter cream frosting. It was delicious and everyone loved it. I would definitely order a cake again. :)
2	Cupcakes were decent but nothing I'd go out of my way for. Cake part was more on the dry side and the icing was crazy sweet. I may return but it will only be to try the macaroons.
2	Not good - all icing and lousy, stale cupcakes. Red Velvet tasted about four days old and there was barely a trace of peanut butter in the PB chocolate cupcake. The icing was Ok on both, but it could not hide the really bad cupcake hiding underneath. Very disappointing, especially at $3.35 per item. Not sure how they did it, but Red Velvet tasted like shoe leather. Skip this cupcake mess.
2	Response TO OWNER.Originally, Linda thought my cupcake review was fake, but its not fake.  I have 576 reviews and a photo of your stale cupcake on your page. I was there a few days ago. Go back to baking school.See updated cupcake sampling review. Update 10/2/13.
5	French Macaroons are amazing!!!!  Authentic French macaroons just like Laudaree in Paris!  The owner is so nice too :)
5	Super-lish cupcakes and the macoroons too are fubu-LiSHoUs!!! The salty Carmel is a fave of mine and I'm not even a huge Carmel fan... Just try one, you'll see what I mean.
5	First time in and I will make it a point to go back. They make Parisian style macaroons that taste exactly like they should: crisp then chewy, then melt in your mouth amazing. I am sitting in the parking lot waiting for my husband who had to run in and get more. We will be back. It is so worth the crowded parking lot.
4	Well Linda got me back to try another cupcake on the house after my last cupcake fiasco. I do appreciate an owner reaching out to make things right. It was 2-1 day at 21 cakes, but I just had my eyes on one seasonal cupcake - the pumpkin. Everything worked well and the pumpkin cake part was excellent and bursting with a good pumpkin flavor. It was a cream cheese frosting, which was a nice touch, because most of her other frosting is just vanilla or jazzed up vanilla. No complaints this time around, so a 21 cupcake salute to Linda is in order.
5	Amazingly soft and sweet are the only words I can describe the cupcakes. Im a huge fan of vanilla and the frosting is so delicious..homemade from scratch using all natural ingredients like how I make my frosting at home. The cake itself just melts in your mouth its that deliciously moist. I always have to buy a macaroon or two. They have different flavors like I went in today and had an apple and strawberry one. Theyre filled with their amazing frosting and each one was a delectable little morsel of goodness. I wholeheartedly recommend this place to newbies and my most gracious compliments to Linda!
5	There is only one thing to be said about this neighborhood cupcake institution - AMAZING. We tried the Red Velvet last night and found them to be moist, delicious and with plenty of icing. We could have shared one, but I'm glad we didn't have to do so! The young woman at the counter was delightful too and didn't hurry our decision or act uninterested, smiling as she served us. It's a nice end to a date or stop by and take one or a dozen home to share! So happy it's in our new neighborhood, and we'll definitely go back. Lots of choices of cupcake flavors, and the locals love the macarons.
1	Oh dear. How I wanted to love this place! The primary turn-off for us was the brunette working at 6p on Thursday, November 7. When asked if she liked the cupcakes she was serving compared to Sprinkles, she said she didn't really know. When asked several questions about ingredients and flavors, she said she didn't know. When asked how I could determine which flavors were available on any given day, she said she didn't know but that I 'could call every morning.' When I suggested they put their daily flavors on their website, she airily commented, 'Yeah, I guess they should do that.' She was quite indifferent to us and seemed like she would rather be anywhere else but there. As to the cupcakes, we spent $44 on a dozen - three chocolate-chocolate, one pumpkin, two red velvet, one chocolate with powdered sugar, three cherry pie cupcakes,  and two carrot cakes. I was very surprised at what seemed (and tasted) like canned cherry pie filling in the cherry pie cupcakes! Quite disappointed at the overwhelmingly sweet frosting on the remainder of the cakes that left that filmy, lard-y feeling in the roof of your mouth. The chocolate cakes were all very, very dry.As an avid baker, chef and unofficial local cupcake connoisseur, I was deeply disappointed in both the service and the product.
5	We used them for a special cake for a big open house party. The cake was the darkest chocolate with butter creme with salted Carmel frosting. The finest and most beautiful cake ever. The store is beautiful and Cisco was so helpful and talented. They are simply the best!
5	Great service Great cupcakesClean bathroom We recommend the red velvet and vanilla because it's what we tried. Some other options that looked good were Oreo, 21 Signature, & Salted Caramel. Thanks!!!Two enthusiastic thumbs up :)
1	Very disappointed! Horrible customer service. Order a cake and did not come out anywhere close to the design I sent. The cake decorator said it was my fault because I didn't talk to her. Well maybe if she was in the store the two times I went in she'd know exactly what I wanted. They knew I wasn't happy but still didn't care and was rude! NEVER getting a cake from there again!
5	It was to die for!! I am so in love! I stopped in about 30 minutes before close and the girl there was super helpful and sweet and there was still a great selection to choose from! I picked up a dozen for my boyfriend'a employee appreciation dinner, and they were a hit!! I got the vanilla, 21 signature, chocolate, and red velvet! I tried a little of each flavor and I loved them all, my favorite was red velvet (I am a sucker for dense rich red velvet cake, and this met ever expectation! I am soo happy I tried this place, sooo in love! Oh and it is so cute and trendy!!
4	Service - great Decor - cute little spot. Reminds me of Alice in wonderland Cupcake - so far I'm eating their gluten free red velvet and man it's delicious ! The cupcake is moist and not too dense. The cream cheese frosting is sweet but not overpowering. Very tasty. Their coffee is blah but hey, they're name isn't 21 coffee drinks now is it lol.
5	Delicious cupcakes! I have tried them on several occasions and so far no dry cake or too sweet frosting. The salted caramel was my favorite. I thought the Nutella Banana was going to be my favorite, but while the cake was delicious (like a banana muffin) the frosting tasted just like regular milk chocolate. No really discernible Nutella taste. The Oreo cupcake was great!! The frosting tastes just like the creamy filling.
5	Forget Sprinkles. These are the best cupcakes in Scottsdale. I get the Signature 21, chocolate cake with buttercream frosting. So good! I go there as a treat once a month and it's always so delicious. The little shop is decorated really cute, with tiny purple velvet chairs for kids. Reminds me of a fancy French patisserie without the snobbiness.  The staff is always friendly and the bakery is really clean. Most important though - the cupcakes are awesome.
5	I'm hooked! I've been over Sprinkles ever since I discovered that their cupcakes are basically a box mix.  Good box mix, but...still..So for virtually the same price per cupcake, I have discovered the most moist and delicious cupcakes in the area! The favors are creative. The frosting is much better. And the cake is super fresh! Oh and no lines out the door. They also have a wonderful selection of melt-in-your mouth Parisian Macarons too (Thurs - Saturday only). Oh and then there's the cake. Cakes made to order at reasonable $$. Enjoy!
5	I am getting married in September and I just had the best consult from the owner and her staff! So excited to work with them and see their vision. Couldn't be happier with my overall experience. Yayyyyyyy!!!!
4	The macarons are too sweet for me. But i would highly recommend the red velvet - it taste really good. To me the sweetness is just about right. I would come back if i get a chance to visit scottsdale again. The place is pretty small only 1 big long table and 1 small table - so better to take out orders.
4	This place has my favorite cupcake of all time. The salted caramel vanilla cupcake always puts a gigantic smile on my face. I've also tried the red velvet and the Oreo cupcakes but nothing is better than the salted caramel. It has a mix of salty-sweet frosting in a warm moist vanilla cake. Every bite is heavenly. If you ever want to make someone's day... Get them one of these.
3	Lets start with the good. The store is super cute with macrons all over and cute art. My cupcake (salted carmel) was devine. Now for the not so good coconut cream cupcake super yuck frosting was like lard :( and the macrons hard as a rock and dry dry dry double :( likevthey had sat in the case for weeks??
5	We are new to Scottsdale. I had no idea where to go for a birthday cake. I called 21 Cakes and ordered my husband's fav - vanilla cake, vanilla buttercream frosting with chocolate filling. The woman that I spoke to on the phone to place the order was a total sweetheart.  We had the cake last night. OMG... THE BEST.  21 Cakes is for sure our new go to place for birthday cakes. Can't wait to try all of their other desserts as well.
5	We keep coming back on special occasions for the Salted Caramel Vanilla cupcakes which are bomb!
5	Sprinkles who???  The vanilla with wildberry frosting is worth the trip but you can't go wrong with any choice!
4	Overall it's above average. Cupcakes are delicious and make you want more and more. Macaroons are worth the stop. Try it out
5	We have used 21 cakes now for a couple of big parties and the prepared the most elegant and delicious layered cakes.
4	Walked by after eating at Burger 21 and had to give it a try. Great display of cupcakes, but had only one flavor of macaroons - strawberry. Ended up buying some macaroons and a variety of cupcakes. They were fresh and moist with prices about on the average to high side but considering the location it was about right. Probably will come back but not easy to pick out from the street.
4	I checked out this bakery after an awesome lunch at the burger joint next door that satisfied my salty craving but left me with a major sweet tooth.The store is very quaint and upon entering you come across a table surrounded by 4 chairs and a smaller table to the right with two child-sized purple velvet chairs and two larger ones. On the center table was a photo album filled with cake designs along with five brilliantly decorated cakes displayed randomly along walls or in the small display case. After taking the seven or so steps inside the store you reach the counter where you can choose you confections. Today (Monday) they had one flavor of Parisian Macarons (not that many left), two types of cupcake sized pies (Apple and Cherry), seven cupcake favors, one brownie, chocolate dipped pretzel sticks, and a handful of cookies to choose from. I narrowed my options down to two cupcakes: the Vanilla Salted Caramel and the Pumpkin. After a debate in my head, I made the only logical choice there was and went with the Pumpkin (it's a seasonal item!). This cupcake was perfect and tasted so fresh! The cake part was incredibly moist and not overwhelmingly pumpkin flavored which is great because I think artificial when it's overload. The frosting was a cream cheese based frosting and it was creamy and melty. It didn't have that dried/crusty texture on the outside like some cupcakes do, it was smooth inside and out - like butta! My mother and I left there with one Itty Bitty Apple pie and 3 cupcakes which cost $14) and some change. It was a nice treat and I would like to return to try one those fancy smhmancy Macaron's which are all the rage these days. They even offer baking classes here and yes, there is one on how to make Macarons! I'll have to like into that since those little suckers are $1.60 each - eek, but I can't wait to try one!
5	This bakery has the best macaroons and cupcakes I have ever tasted.  They have convenient hours and have made last minute orders for me on more than one ocassion.  They are a bit pricey - but well worth every penny.  I highly recommend them.  Also, very clean and pretty inside.
2	Shouldn't the 15 minutes be already up for the cupcake?
4	21 Cakes was amazing. We used them for our small wedding only a few dozen cupcakes. The cupcakes were incredibly delicious, the staff was friendly and inviting. My only complaint was when I picked the cupcakes up the tower wasn't set up at all. The girl who was there had to find the tower and then put it together by herself. They didn't have the color ribbon we asked for so we improvised with what was there. The tower was a little beat up too. Not a huge deal but not something I wanted to deal with the evening before my wedding.
2	Can I just say after 80.00 spent I was in tears at the end of the evening. I actually bake myself but it's only in my spare time so I knew I wouldn't have time. So I found a bakery in he area where we were having dinner. 21 cakes looked good, so I ordered over the phone. Then I went in on Friday and customized my cake... Everything was fine. The lady advised it would be made on Saturday, I told her the party was on Sunday. I picked up the cake around 230, and it had pick dripping down a white cake (sigh). She gave me candles and said it was the fresh strawberries in the cake???? So I go to dinner at have the cake cut at 5pm- cake was rock hard in the middle. I expect perfection from anything I reliever and was so sad this was the case. Over half of the cack was wasted.
1	Stopped in on a Sunday after having lunch at Wildflower Bread Company.  There were no macarons to try, and a limited number of cupcakes displayed,  I bought one Vanilla Salted Caramel cupcake.  The icing was far too sweet and grainy, and the cupcake itself was dry and crumbly.  The Sweet Tooth Fairy does a far better job.
