5	I've gone to alot of nail salons but none that make me come back for a second visit until I found this place. I've been going to Nails of America for about 8 months or so. I've always been satisfied with my visits. They're pedicures are amazing. I always go for acrylic nails, pedicures and brow waxing. They do an amazing job for all three. I'm always very happy with the results. I highly recommend this salon! It's a shame I've recently moved to the other side of town and need to find a salon closer to home!
2	$25 for a pedicure...decent price but they did not have enough staff. There were 4 of us today...waited 20 minutes to get acknowledged and only one of us ended getting a pedicure done. The rest of us gave up and left.
4	I love this salon! I waited 30 minutes for them to get started, however, I have been to this salon before and I knew that it was well worth the wait. I get the "pink & white" nails. This process is a little more complicated than the regular acrylic nails. At this salon, they definitely know what they are doing. My boyfriend was trying to be sweet and got me a gift certificate to another salon. While I appreciated the offer the service was nowhere near as good. They didn't last as long and began to break. So of course, I had to return back to Nails of America. They did a fantastic job as always. Even though you may have to wait, once they get started on you they will not stop to start another person. I no longer live in the university area but I will continue to drive the distance and wait for this great service.
2	I have been here for eyebrow waxing. My eyebrows were halfdone. I had to come home and pluck the leftout hair..
1	I give this place zero stars.  I went in for a pedicure and not only did I wait for about 10 minutes (with my feet in the water) for the girl to finish eating her lunch, she cut the hell out of my cuticle.  It took over 15 minutes to stop the bleeding and then when I asked to be comped for it, all they have me was $2 off.  I would definitely not recommend this place to anyone, even my worst enemy.  I know I will never be back here.
1	I am extremely disappointed.  I have been going here since November and today was horrible. I left with 2 finger bleeding, 2 nails on crooked and skimpy polish.  I am definitely in search of a new nail salon.
