5	I love that they put a Jimmy John's at this corner. Finally can have my #12 Turkey Beach Club without driving 15 minutes. Not to mention we now have another delivery option besides pizza, yippee!!  These guys make sandwiches super fast and the ingredients are consistent and flavorful.  I'd never put cucumber on a sandwich but it comes on my Beach Club and I wouldn't eat it any other way. It's in a vacant NE corner but I'm sure it'll fill in now that there is a staple here. The place is brand new and only been open for 2 days but there is still 6 people in back kicking butt making wiches!  Love it
5	I like to order and pay online. It's ready when I get there 5 minutes later. The food always tastes fresh and the staff is always friendly.
2	I've been here several times and the first two times were decent. I like their thin bread. But the last few times (4+) I've been here it's been very dirty. Every table has leftover food mess on it. The last time I was here it was so bad I asked a server to come wipe a table down. He did - but he didn't bother to clean the others while he was at it. They were still gross when I left.Came back today and it's the same thing. If the hygiene is this bad out front I fear for what it's like where you can't see. I probably won't be coming back.
1	My husband and I tried Jimmy Johns at a different location for the first time. This time we tried the Lake Pleasant Store. Both bad experiences. The first, the kids working there were rude and just didn't care. The second time, I got the Veggie Sub and got Staph Food Poisoning. It started 4 hours after I ate the sub and was a horrible night. It has been almost 36 hours and I'm still having symptoms. This type of Staph food poisoning can last 2-5 days. After reading the review that stated the store was dirty, it doesn't surprise me. I will NEVER go back there again or any of their stores for that matter. Who knows what these kids do there or how they handle the food. Please be careful going to this place. The suffering I went through was not worth half of a sub I ate.
