5	When you walk the cobble stoned streets of Old Montreal, you feel like you are walking down a European street. So beautiful, so quaint and is a must for any person visiting Montreal. Great dining in the area.
5	Easily my favorite part of Montreal.The old stone buildings and narrow cobblestone streets give you that very quaint feel of walking through an old European village.The cafes provide plenty of opportunity for people watching while sipping on coffee or chomping down on your croques-monsieurs. If you manage to get a patio seat at one the restaurants on Place Jacques-Cartier you can even take in a show presented to you by street performers.Art lovers can give their wallets a good workout at any of the many galleries that line up along Rue Notre-Dame.The Basilica Notre-Dame is a must see for only $5 and for another $5 you can catch the light show which I hear is very beautiful.If you tire of walking there are horse carriages waiting to whisk you away on a tour of the old town, the car drivers stuck behind it won't enjoy it so much however. :)There is so much more to do, including the old port, but the above is a good start.
5	If you're walking through the Old Montreal area, definitely make your way down to the Old Port and walk along the water. There are some fabulous views from this area of town, towards old town and over the water. Also, there are some views of Habitat 67 - had no clue where it was, and just happened to see it from this area. So that was neat. Definitely the most memorable part of my trip, and the source of many photos taken.
5	Fabulous area of town to walk through - don't forget your camera. Unlike any "old" or historic part of any city in Canada (that I've been in anyway... Victoria, Vancouver, Toronto... I'm not sure if any part of Calgary is old...). An amazing feel to this area of Montreal, and lots of places to eat or drink coffee.
5	definitely check it out.  love the old stone buildings and cool businesses.  and close to the water too.
1	What a BIG disappointment!!!This is supposed to be the biggest tourist attraction in the city?!?!  It was average.  The architecture was mildly interesting but not awe inspiring.  Worst of all, some the buildings were shabby with the facade falling off.  Some were rusting and abandoned.  I had to go to Canada to see this?  Don't insult Europe and claim that it's just like being there.Don't waste your time going to Montreal.  Go to Toronto or Vancouver instead.
3	Old Port is a pleasant place to visit and walk through, full of eateries, historical sights, and locals and tourists alike. It's nothing out of the ordinary, so if you've never been, you might have a better time heading up to Mont Royal and checking out the park. If you're a local, or have time to kill, why not check out Old Port? Get yourself a nice book and relax.We saw a random event going on where folks were passing one another boxes in a long line - never quite figured that out.
5	Not to be missed is this historic area of Montreal, which if you love old buildings and architecture as much as I do, you will have your camera out and be taking photos non-stop!Aside from the buildings there are many restuarants with lovely patios, shoppes to check in to, and if you want to be a really good tourist there are horse drawn carriages.A must see in this city!
5	I'm not really going to review this...there is too much to review except to say if you find yourself with just a few hours in Montreal, this is probably the place to spend them.  Check the other reviews for things to do.  I found the Montreal city website dedicated to a walking tour of Old Montreal incredibly helpful for learning the history of the area one building at a time.  http://www.vieux.montreal.qc.ca/tour/eng/0cartea.htm.  (With Pictures!)
4	If you're in Montreal its definitely worth taking the time to visit Old Port. Here you can find some small cafes, historical sites, restaurants, shops and a nice mile long street adjacent to the piers where you can ride a BIXI bike or go for a nice walk. Here you can also find some street performers hired by Montreal which will provide pretty cool street shows. If you are a fan of crepes you will find good crepe restaurants all over the place.
4	Old Montreal is my favorite part of the city. If you like to view or purchase art for your home, love small coffee shops or even a good bar then this part of the city is the place for you to check out. There are the touristy spots there but the old feel of the city has not been lost there. Check out the City museum located near the water front. If you are staying downtown take a taxi or walk to the old city. Parking in this area is hard to find especially in the evening and weekends.
3	good place to walk around and get some fresh air, a few cute gardens and churches to wander into. very touristy and thus over-priced gift shops and mediocre-looking restaurants. lots of bugs and a few interesting offerings like the labyrinth and cirque du soleil.
4	Lots to do, some of it touristy some of it just plain fun.Best thing besides just walking around and people watching was  the paddleboats at the basin bonsecours.  We went in the evening towards sunset and it was just a peaceful and fun way to watch all the activity of the port and still relax and be on the water.Great for couples or even families with kids, lifejackets available but not mandatory.  about $17 canadian gets you 30 minutes, but they didn't really enforce it so you don't have to watch the clock.
3	No matter what city I go to, or what else I want to see, I always make sure that I spend some time next to the water.  This is made so much more fun by cities that make their ports tourist destinations and offer them something to do whilst walking along the water. The port looked fairly busy from the parking lot, but in reality, there didn't seem to be many people here.  I walked around for a while and finally made my way over to the clock tower (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Montreal_Clock_Tower) which was a heck of a climb up 192 steps (for someone scared of heights no less) but offered some beautiful views of the harbour.  It was also free =)Not too much else to do that particular day, but you can also find a maze (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/labyrinth-du-hangar-16-montreal), Cirque du Soleil, and assorted other restaurants.  Oh and did I mention free wifi?
3	Warning - tourist trap ahead!  I like 'old' but I'm not sure that I would call Old Montreal 'old.'  Maybe 'older' but not 'old.'  There is certainly plenty to do here (shop, eat, drink) but most of it seemed more geared towards tourists than locals.  When I travel, I tend to like to go where the locals go and avoid the touristy places so I didn't spend much time here after checking it out.Most of the restaurants here serve the same things, for the same prices, but it is nice to be able to sit out on the patios and enjoy some nice weather.Definitely check it out, but don't plan your entire trip around it.
5	Vieux-Montreal is far and away my favorite part of town.  The city started here in 1642.  No tour of this town would be complete without exploring the cobblestone streets that line the South side along the St. Lawrence River.  You can actually walk through the old ruins at Pointe-a-Calleire.  How cool is that?  This is the place for people watching, trinket shopping and general sightseeing.  There are a lot of landmarks around here, so do your research and explore the history of town.  Don't worry, just about everyone here speaks English and French and will throw the switch when you say "hello" and you'll be good.  I made multiple loops through the Place Jacques-Cartier snacking on some great gelato.  My Frommer's led tour was quite insightful and you know what?  That building next to Basilique Notre Dame looks just like the Empire State Building.
4	Seriously?  A business listing for a whole city?  Really?  Wow!Well since it's here I guess I'll go ahead and review Old Montreal while the whole experience is still fresh in my little dinosaur sized pebble brain...After driving for over 10 hours from the DC area to Montreal, visiting Old Montreal feels like my car magically sprouted wings and crossed the Atlantic at some supersonic speed.  I could rub my eyes and pinch myself, but my senses and aforementioned little brain would still tell me, "Hey fatty, you're in some European town...check out the history!  The sites!  The smell of the food and the little outdoor cafes!"To which I'd reply to my brain, "Hey, shut up you!  I'll teach you to think on your own...here, have a tasty cerveza!""Cerveza!  Yes!  YES!  YES!!  Give me more fat boy! Umm ummm umm...*"And then the voices in my head would slowly quell until they altogether ceased.  And me sitting there with an impish smile and trace signs of drool pooling at the edge of a grin...as North America fades away into the background of common sense and I give into the notion that I am indeed in Europe.Old Montreal is a mix of the old, the new and the very "Oui Oui".  Walk for 5 minutes and you're bound to leave the old cobble stone streets to a newer more modern area as if to encase the historical pedigree of Montreal with a wall of high rise buildings and corporate letters.  Walk another five minutes and you'll pass through the Chinatown arch with colorful reminders of yet another culture that is part of the Montreal melting pot.There is so much to see, so much to do and so so much to eat.  I just wish that I had a little more time in this city to enjoy a tasty brew at an outdoor table or to slowly sip a small cup of espresso as the citizens and tourists danced the dance of pedestrian life flowing between here, there and who knows where...That my friends, is what Montreal means to me.  :-)
3	Quaint and historic area of Montreal, cobblestone walkways, shopping, little cafes where many tourists eat/drink and spend money on stuff that ends up collecting dust later on, but thats part of the visitor experience. The streets, alley ways and architecture scream european. You almost forget that you're only a border hop away from the US.. In fact they have those little eye catching details down pat. They also have horse drawn carriages for those who want to round out their old port experience (and piss off some of the crazy montreal drivers)....
5	In our relatively new nation of Canada, one sometimes needs a little boost of old world charm and craggy worn history... the old port in Montreal is the perfect place to roll out your Euro cool.The old port area has it all, restaurants, artists, shops, entertainment, great nightlife and was the birthplace of commerce in Canada, and Cirque du Soleil. Who doesn't love clowns??? I live in Vancouver now, but when I need my spirit and soul reloaded... I plan my expedition "home" and go for a croissant stuffed with melting chocolat and a cappuccino.If you go, plan to slow down, stroll, and watch for horse droppings.
4	Very cool spot to check out. Lots of nice eateries in the area. We were fortunate to stumble over here on Canada. There were tons of activities to do.
5	You can't miss strolling through Vieux Port and Vieux Montreal on a visit to the city.  It's not spectacular, but it is something absolutely lovely.  Just the walk through Vieux Montreal is soul-warming itself (loved the narrow streets, and old cobblestone paths), and then arriving at the Port is a pleasant ending to the walk.  I was there on a sunny day in the tail end of summer, and it was filled with rollerskaters/bladers, bicyclists, joggers, walkers, a military band, pets, and simply a great vibe to be in.  The narrow park that lines sort of the center of the walk along the port, is also beautiful this time of year.  Lots of green and orange.  The port/water itself is just like any other bod of water.  There are navy ships docked, and also an apartment complex across the water that used to be the "projects", but are today, luxury apartments. :)
4	I love Old Montreal! I have visited Old Montreal in every seasons.... Of course nothing beat coming here when it is nice and warm with all the patios opens for business and flowers are blooming!During winter, hardly anyone on the street... and it does feels less touristy... and still good for some awesome photos!Interesting architecture and good to have a self guided tours and just walk around... and learn and refresh my Canadian History!
5	So freaking gorgeous!We were here on a lovely, beautiful, 75degree weather day in Montreal. Old Montreal is the best for taking an absentminded stroll throughout their cobblestone streets or along the riverside. The area is so quaint and charming, and there are a ton of al fresco places around here, if you looooooove outside dining like I do! ;) There are also a crapton of souvie shops, and surprisingly the prices are too bad! Make sure you taste some maple syrup & ice wine along the road!Some tips if you are driving:- Pay CLOSE attention to the signage. At the very least, know the French words for the days of the week so you know when you can and cannot park in a particular spot.- If you park along the parking meters, take note of your parking spot letter & number and go pay at the machine nearby. You will not need to put any receipts on your dashboard.- Don't get stuck behind a horse carriage. If you do, best of luck.
4	If you love history, I would definitely recommend checking out this area of town.  As other reviewers have mentioned, it feels as though you're across the Atlantic.  When I've visited other parts of Canada before, I've always thought that it's not so dramatically different than visiting other states (Sorry Canadians, but that's how I felt), but visiting Montreal, especially old Montreal has definitely made me more aware that I'm in a foreign land.  Although old Montreal is very touristy, it is worth walking around and stopping in at the shops along the way.
3	The old port is alright in the summer time, less so in the winter.  The area is lined with shops, restaurants, performers and artists all summer long.  In the winter I don't recall seeing any of the performers or artists around.Depending on where you are in the old port the buildings are pretty old, streets are somewhat narrow and the charm isn't to bad either.  There are some great restaurants in and around this area so you should do your research ahead of time if you want to dine here.Take your date for a walk here and grab an ice cream or a drink on a patio.  It's a nice relaxing place with a few churches and courtyards as well.
5	My favorite spot in Montreal.This is a popular tourist spot, but lots of locals also relaxes here. There is always endless things to do and see. In the spring/summer when weather is perfect, there are entertainers who does shows around this area cheered on by the crowds. Tons of restaurants and little shops along the side to pop in and out for a quick beaver tail or ice cream or formal meal. There are small food stands and alleys of artists who sells their works or would make your cartoon portrait in a heartbeat. I love the feeling of sitting on the benches there watching the clouds and decompress. The science museum is very nearby with special Exhibitions. It's also a great spot to watch the international fireworks show happening across the river at La Ronde. In the winter, the ice rink is open to the public and they have yummy maple taffy stands in the middle of the street.Very walkable, good for exercise, gorgeous spot to relax and enjoy the day.
5	I felt like I had  teleported to Europe when I walked through Old Montreal. Everything was amazing from the street performers to the food to the cobblestone streets. Head to the Place Jacques-Cartier to see all types of street performers and artists and others selling various wares and goods. There are also many restaurants right off the square. Bonsecours Market also has shopping and eats. For an excellent steak in Old Montreal look at my review for St. Paul's Steak Frites.
5	I love Montreal. It is one of top most happening cities in north America.  From the food to the people serving the food, such a classy city. I appreciate Old Montreal especially because of the history and tranquility. The night life in Old Montreal is amazing too. It is a vibe that we do not have in California or Vegas.
3	We walked around Old Montreal for part of our day and I feel like it would be more fun any other time of year besides winter. There wasn't much going on besides skating and horse-drawn carriage rides. The skating was pretty good, just a bit busy. It's quaint with cobblestone streets, cute store signs, and nice views of the water. Lots of little shops, art galleries, and cafes to check out. So a nice place to go for charm and walking--be sure to wear flats.
5	Love the Old Port in Montreal.What's not to love? The more times I visit this spot the more unique and amazing it seems to me. Narrow one way cobblestone streets,  Art Galleries, cute boutiques,  souvenir shops, great Restaurants, beautiful jogging backdrop, walking-friendly, benches to soak it up, pet friendly..love it!In the winter there are boats to break up the ice, and I enjoyed watching the ice shards in the water, and the Huge Ships docked. Then I had to run to a local coffee shop to warm up.The science museum is located at the Port. Nearby , the Jacques Cartier section , street performers are playing hand-made instruments, and you can buy leather goods or other artisan products. There are hostesses of restaurants enticing you to come eat there, Queues de Castor / Beaver Tail treats, and a Fur Store with full length fur coats across from the Jacques Cartier Statue.What's specials bout The Port is how close you can come to these ginormous vessels.  I never thought about it, but the Security in other countries now of days prevents us to get close to the Ships. If your from Montreal ..where's your review??
5	The Old Port is one of those magical places that made me fall in love with Montreal. This part of town houses most of the historical buildings in the city, and runs alongside the piers on the St. Lawrence River.It's a great place to hang out during the day. You can visit all the tourist attractions and admire the architecture of the historical structures. There are tons of fancy art shops along the streets for you to check out. It's also nice to walk or run along the water while the sun is out. This was part of one of my running routes, going through the Old Port to Ile Saint Helene and back. During the night, it's a great place to admire the city lights as well as for stargazing. The lights from the city blends with the stars, lightly illuminating the historical buildings and giving off a quaint sense of relief. I always walk around there at night when I need some room to breathe and some private time just to ponder about life. In the Winter season, there's a skating rink there worth checking out. It costs more than Parc La Fontaine (which is free) but they usually have better ice and awesome music selection. Igloofest is also held there, and is something you must check out if you're ever in the area at that freezing time of the year ;)
4	So yes, walk up and down Place Jacques Cartier, as this is pretty much the touristy hub of Montreal but also adorable and joyful in brief tastes if you're local. The narrow cobblestone alleys that lead off the pedestrian square are pretty and tucked with the usual tshirts and maple candy, their real virtue in them is in leading to the further stretches of the Old Port where there are art galleries and better restaurants and boutiques with higher end designers. If you walk along the water towards the west you can see the giant old grain storage and the speakers on the shore that let you hear your voice echo around the empty old icons of industry. Eat a lobster roll, check out the crazy architecture across the water from back when Montreal was a 60s stoner dream of what the future would look like. I suggest starting from Champ de Mars Metro and then Walking up McGill to Square Victoria but anyway you do it just get lost in there, have some wine and cheese, have fun.
5	If you have but one day to visit Montreal, this is the one spot you must visit. The Old Port (also known as Old Montreal) is the historic, old part of the city, and it contains all of Montreal's most historic sites and buildings. Take the time to read the plaques affixed to most edifices, as you will get a free history class! There are old museums (and some new ones as well!), and narrow cobblestoned streets (ladies, don't wear high heels!), and gorgeous old stone architecture. Walking down the old streets - especially at night, when the area is illuminated and takes on a magical glow - one truly feels as if one is in an old, old section of Paris. It feels like old Europe. I've never gotten the sense of an authentic, French , historic area outside of France. Certainly not anywhere in the States. And this is precisely why Montreal is unique.Caleches (horse-drawn carriages) are always a-plenty here, night and day. Many of their carriages are ornately bedecked with flowers.There are tons of touristy tchotchke shops here on the main drag (lovely Rue St. Paul), but there are also wonderful restaurants, bistros, art galleries, artists' quarters, ivied courtyards, narrow cobblestoned alleyways hidden off the larger roads, musicians and artists out painting and performing, and more. Central to the are is Place Jacques Cartier, bordered by outdoor terrasses and bistros and gorgeous, imposing old buildings (including old City Hall). To get a feel of life back in the 1600s, you can visit the adjacent Chateau Ramsey, housed in a real home from the 17th century. Bonsecours Market is right off the square as well (note: there are a lot of nice, clean public bathrooms here), as are old churches and more courtyards.  Of course, bordering the whole area is the Port of Montreal and the waterfront. They have really beautified the waterfront in the past ten years or so, and it's very walkable now. One area has food trucks, and there is a long strip of restaurants and shops and vendors, with a large eating area at the base of Rue. St. Laurent. I especially like how they demarcated the streets with large, vertical street signs, and I was also impressed by how they incorporated bike paths and walking trails all along this waterfront strip.There is an impressive, contemporary Museum of Architecture at one end of the waterfront promenade, on Place d'Youville, and a block further lies Gibby's, a wonderful, elegant steakhouse housed in a 200-year old stable building. At night, this whole area is bustling until the wee hours of the morning, due to all the cafes, bistros, clubs and bars. Pedestrians will be out strolling late too, as the stores are open late on weekends and especially in the summer. It'll be hopping even after midnight with young native Montreal's going out clubbing or to hear jazz musicians at The Red Piano. This is a vibrant part of the city and truly not to be missed.
5	Very nicely organized with biking lanes, walking paths and entertainment spaces and green spaces.  Walk or bike along the waterfront and enjoy the view, as a tourist this place is nice to see how clean and organize it is.  Plenty to see and do here, if I more time I would get some take-out, and a bixy bike and enjoy this area a little more.
3	It's worth coming to the Old Port to see the sights.  You can check out the beach while you're here - and it puts you quite close to the Science Centre.  Another main attraction is the clock tower.  Now, I've said before it's best to avoid this place unless you need to harness 1.21 Gigawatts of electricity to power your Delorian, sending it forward in time to the year 1985...But, the clock tower is rather nice.  And it's worth checking out what you can see from the top.  Just be prepared for lots of stairs.  Lots and lots of stairs.On the plus side - they're all numbered so you know how many you have left.
5	My girlfriend and I visited Old Port on a cloudy cold winter day.  The plan was to go ice skating on the Bonsecour Basin.  Despite the weather, we highly enjoyed our ice skating experience ( on the artificial rink).  Great music and spacial layout for all ice skaters.
3	It's very calm and nice to walk around, but it was dead in the entire area. It was 5pm on a Monday.A lot of stops and restaurants were not open.
4	I Love the location,Take a Walk and Enjoy
5	The first thing you notice walking in Old Port is the cobblestone! It's sooo nice to be able to enjoy this part of town and absorb the French culture from architecture of the Notre Dame, clock tower and museums. All the sites and shops and restaurants preserve the sophistication of France. No matter the time of year you must stop by. On the summer nights,you'll catch the street concerts and performances.  In the winter months you can ice skate in the St. Laurence River. It can seem a bit touristy at times especially with most of the little shops. But it is considered an attraction.
4	It seems like a world away and forever ago, but I experienced the Old Port during the middle of winter. Yep, *that* winter. Luckily, during my time there, the city was experiencing a heat wave of near forty-degree temps. I'm not being a smart-a$$. This past winter was brutal. 40 was warm. Being a long-time Chicagoan, the temps didn't bother me in the least. I'd heard about the Old Port and I wanted to have at it.Like most cities that are built for the cold, Montreal was able to showcase the best of the Old Port without batting an eye. I was absolutely charmed by the cobblestone, bridges, light shows, installations, skating rink, and music. The entire port area was filled with people taking pictures, going on walks, sight seeing, and taking in the fun of a winter wonderland. Walking along the frozen water, I spent a lot of time lost in thought and appreciating the stillness. Yep, despite the kids shrieking (in a good way) at the skating rink and the 'thoom thoom thoom' of the bass as the electronica played on, the quiet beauty of the environment fully enveloped me and I walked through the waterways to attempt to take it all in.With plenty of shops nearby, hot chocolate at the ready and Old Montreal waiting to welcome you, the Old Port gladly gives a taste of Old World life in North America. Living in Miami and coming to this part of Montreal, I felt as though I had time traveled. This is a good thing. It's a very good thing.
5	A little sliver of Europe in North America. Very cool area, leave plenty of time to wander the cobble stone streets.
4	Great place, Great atmosphere. Its person for people who've lived here forever, or for people who are visiting. Theres always something new. Its nice to just walk down along the pier or just walk into the old port to see the old shops and old streets. The restos are expensive, but thats normal for a very touristy area.Make sure to check out the square right in the middle of the action. In the summer there are artists who do caricatures and so on.In the winter, there are usually some great maple syrup stands (but its really expensive).
4	I was continually amazed at the stark contrast of neighborhoods and the plethora of diversity in regards to beautiful spots in Montreal. This landmark is no different. It was great to take a long lunch break from working at UQAM to take a stroll towards the old city and port. It was a beautiful day and people were walking and running along the harbor. Locals are very lucky to have a place like this downtown.
5	Montreal's old port is just amazing. There is always something going on street music, artists or carnival. It's also well known for is cultural and historical side, plenty of activities for family, friends or couples. You can rent boat, go to the spa have a sorbet or a gelato, ear in Montreal's finest restaurant or enjoy nature with a picnic.There's an on water spa in a boat called bota bota which is simply amazing, there science centre with tons of activities, there's the museum, cloths store, clubs, lounge and more it is a must see for tourist
5	While on vacation this summer my hubs and I walked virtually all over the city. On one of the not so nice days weather wise we decided to walk from the plateau area down to the old port. It features some really beautiful architecture, as well as a great view of the saint Lawrence river. The architecture reminds me of the small villages in southern France. We wandered aimlessly looking in shop windows and all the smaller art galleries featuring the work of many well known artists.    At one point it started to rain so we dipped into one of the many patio restaurants on the main drag and had a quick drink while we waited for the rain to subside. After the rain let up we continued our walk soaking in the sights and sounds. There are so many curio shops that have some of the cutest statues, my favorite was a toddler hoisting the stanley cup above its head.    It is such a lovely area to see, albeit filled with tourists toting cameras.
