5	WOW what a gorgeous store!  Located right at Atherton Mill in the Southend this fixtures store is easy to find and has a huge parking lot.  They sell chandeliers, sconces, sinks, faucets, bathtubs, ovens, wine fridges and more!  So much selection you will be walking around 'ooo-ing and aaaa-ing' at everything like I was.  The staff is super nice and will sit with you to help you with your decorating needs.  Definitely worth the trip whether building new or redecorating!  :-D
4	The girlfriend and I stumbled into this place pretty much to take pictures of light fixtures for a friend.  Upon entering we were smacked directly in the mouth at all the awesome things this store has to offer.  First, you get personal service to the max here.  Basically you get your own personal sales rep to help you wittle down your choices.  And believe you me, you will need help.  They have a huge selection of plumbing, lighting and kitchen appliances to choose from.  And you can either splurge on the $13,000 stove or keep it somewhat realistic and go for the $3,000 one.  Either way it'll likely be custom and a great brand.This will be a stop for me when I decide it's time to build my own custom home.
1	They have a great selection of products and will spend time with you to help you pick out what you need; however, they are EXTREMELY overpriced.  The "discounted" price they quote you is well over the regular price you can get at other retailers and insanely over the price you can get online.I saved almost $4,000 when building my house by purchasing from such retailers as Home Depot, Buildersupply.com, homeperfect.com etc.Bottom line:They have a great showroom and are very helpful, but you pay an insane premium for that service - If that's worth it to you then go ahead and buy from them.  Personally, I'd rather pay less and do it myself.
1	Ugh.  I went here because I wanted more service than the big box stores.  I brought a picture of my space and described what I wanted to the nth degree. Because they didn't have what I wanted in the showroom she sent me  links to products.  I was willing to spend more than the products she sent me.  The salesperson spent about 5 minutes on the task.  So I order it, and come home to  find a completely different tub (yes my contractor went ahead and installed. It even though it made no sense for the space).  Will never shop here again.
4	Home, sweet, home. If you want to deck out your home, make a stop here. You will be dazzled by all the pretty, shiny, chrome-y things. If I won the lottery, I would build a home from the ground up with Ferguson's help. It's not everyday that I need to buy faucets. Who knew they could be $555/each?! Wowzers. They also have tricky toilets that hang from the wall, thus reducing space for those tight bathrooms. Didn't check the price on that one, but I'm sure it's somewhere along the lines of an arm, maybe a leg. They have everything you need to make your house a cozy and ritzy home. Walking around I was mesmerized by all the various fixtures and endless home possibilities. If you are remodeling or building, then schedule a time to meet with one of their designers about a week or two before you need anything and they'll help you select items. Great design place, but like any savvy shopper, I'm going to have to decide where I want to invest and save. However, I'm sure I'll be back for a few major fixture needs...who am I kidding, 1 major fixture...until I win the Mega-Millions.
5	Fantastic customer service!  We bought two display model fans here, and we were treated wonderfully!  Our first purchase here may have been small, but the way we have been treated guarantees that we will be back!  This kind of service is hard to come by in the modern world, and it is very much appreciated when found.
