5	Dr McKeen, Dr Jo Turner and Chiropractor Dr Ross are all AWESOME!  Dr McKeen CHANGED my life.  My previous physician kept wanting to prescribe more drugs to treat the symptoms and when I finally found this clinic and they discovered the CAUSES to my health issues, we treated it and my health has never been better and my quality of life has improved 100%. The entire staff is fabulous
5	Dr. Erika McKeen is a wonderful diagnostician & I thank her & I give her all the credit for saving my son's life. She diagnosed him as having Hashimoto's Thyroiditis (a MISERABLE disease) after 5 other doctors, two of which were endocrinologists(!) told him there was nothing wrong with his thyroid! He was so, so sick that I believe he was slowly dying and I was frantic trying to find someone who would help him. Today he looks and feels amazing! Additionally, Dr. McKeen has vastly improved the quality of my life and the lives of my husband, my mom & my sister & also the lives of numerous friends. I consider her my primary care physician & even though our insurance changed this year (bummer), I gladly & gratefully pay out of pocket for her wisdom, kindness, expertise & willingness to work outside of the tiny box that most MD's are stuck in. Not only is she a superb doctor, but she is also a wonderfull & trustworthy person with great integrity and I am soooo grateful she is my doctor and that she helped my son when nobody else would.
1	Before seeing Dr. McKeen, I asked how much an appointment would cost. That apparently is not approved questioning, because I got quite a bit of push back. I finally THOUGHT I had an answer but the bill was nearly twice as much as what was expected. It is not detailed, so not entirely clear what my insurance was billed for.  Needless to say, I will not be going back.
1	Worst Doctor (if you want to call her that) EVER! Simply confused and was all over the place, Erika Mckeen was late for my appt and didn't seem to care. She had no idea what I was saying and charged too much! Read a link on ratemeds and understand that this Dr needs serious help. She is the most oblivious, air headed dr out there!!!I have done my own research on this so called Dr. WOW! Is all I can conjure up. How is she still practicing??!! 4 years of college and she claims to be a Dr.?? She needs common sense and more school.
5	Regarding Dr McKeen, I've been going to her for years and recommend her to all my friends.  I love her.  Most of the time, she spends at least an hour with me & listens to my concerns, then makes good diagnostic choices.  I trust this doctor.  I like her personality also.Regarding Dr Leraaen as my chiropractor, this man has impeccable ethics.  It you need a good, CARING AND HONEST chiropractor, this is your doctor!  He places care above money and in this day and age, that is very hard to find.Regarding Christine, the office manager, she is very thorough, organized and "on the ball" so is perfect for the first contact in the office.  She is always happy to see me & a genuine person.Marie is sweet as pie and enjoyable to work with.I really like this office and recommend it.
1	Worst Doctor (if you want to call her that) EVER! Simply confused and was all over the place, Erika Mckeen was late for my appt and didn't seem to care. She had no idea what I was saying and charged too much! Read a link on ratemeds and understand that this Dr needs serious help. She is the most oblivious, air headed dr out there!!!I have done my own research on this so called Dr. WOW! Is all I can conjure up. How is she still practicing??!! 4 years of college and she claims to be a Dr.?? She needs common sense and more school.
1	I'm sadly disappointed, feeling neglected and unimportant by this doctor.  Today, I  had to throw my hands up in the air and give up.I first made an appointment with Dr. McKeen because I hoped she would be an alternative medicine doctor not looking to box me into one of these modern day diseases that required a pharmaceutical but instead, one who would look to treat the deep cause.My first appointment was on a Monday at 5pm.  I re-arranged afternoon work as well as an evening conference call to make this appointment. I left work early in Scottsdale to make the 5pm appointment. When I showed up, I was kindly told that another patient required immediate attention but she could either see me at 7pm or we could reschedule.  Since I had already rearranged work for that day, my preference was to return at 7pm. While I was aggravated because I could have left work later, she told me to "rest assured that I would do the same for you if you needed me". Cool. That evening, I saw the Dr. by 7:20. Until about 10pm she was taking down information and talking about every detail of my health, ordered 39 tests and told me to go to the lab on Friday which would allow me to be off any supplements for 3 days. The supplements make me feel good so it kind of stinks to be off them but gotta do it. I rearranged my work schedule for Friday morning so I could go to LabCorp (my preferred lab) fasted and headed to the lab.  Unfortunately, LabCorp's computer system was down Friday morning so there was a huge backlog of people waiting.  Some folks were leaving to try another center.  Looking online, I found there was a location in Anthem and while it was quite a distance from the North Phoenix location I was at, I went anyway thinking it was highly unlikely that office would have a crowd since it's so quiet up there.  I was right about the crowd level being low but service was still slow since the computer system was down.  I'm getting to the aggravating part so bear with me.  When I checked in with LabCorp, they told me half of the tests couldn't be done on a Friday as they are send out tests (I'm told a typical scenario for those particular tests no matter what lab you go to).  They could do the one's I fasted for (fyi, it's now 10:30 am and I would have given anything for a cup of coffee).  This meant I had to return the following week for the additional tests which meant another 3 days of avoiding the supplements that made me feel good and another morning off of work. I was disappointed the doctor didn't realize this so I was wasting my time by showing up on a Friday.  It could have waiting until Monday when I would only have to be without supplements 3 days instead of 6, make one trip, and be out of the office only one morning instead of two. I returned the following Wednesday and had the remainder of the labs completed.A couple of weeks go by and I didn't hear anything so I decided to call.  They had my results and we could make an appointment to go over them because some did show out of range. We made an appointment for the evening of Thursday August 28th. Again, I re-arranged my late afternoon work, had to rearrange an evening conference call (I have many evening calls), and at 4pm, I noticed a message on my phone that was left at 3:30pm saying the doctor was sick, wouldn't be able to see me that night, and to call back so we could reschedule, but it would have to be after labor day since they were closed for the labor day weekend.  Fine.  People get sick.  I was SUPER disappointed because I'm dying to see my test results at this point. I call back and leave a recorded message saying that I would like to reschedule the appointment but most importantly I'd like to still stop by for a copy of my labs.  No return message.  Who does that?  1/2 hour after the call and they don't listen to the recording to return the call?  The time was still before my scheduled appointment time so I can't imagine that if the doctor doesn't show there's no work to be done. Unfortunately for me (because I'm sure this is of no consequence to the doctor at all), I was leaving on Sunday for a one week vacation and then immediately following headed to Asia for a 2 week business trip.  Tuesday September 2nd (the day after Labor Day), I called the office and asked if they could email my lab results, that I'm dying to see them, and that I'd like to reschedule my appointment. Sherry said they couldn't email the labs since there was no secure connection (understood).  FYI, couldn't get them online from LabCorp either. We rescheduled the appointment for Thursday September 25th. Due to lack of space I'll be brief. That appt was cancelled, rescheduled for Saturday 27th I showed up and Dr. was a no show. I called 2 phone numbers, leaving messages and no return call.
