5	never, have i been to such a cute and quaint boutique!first impression:cleansimpleFUNorganizedgreat energyfeels like your are entering a friends home.as soon as you walk in you are greeted with warm smiles. there is a sitting area right up front with magazines, a small childrens play area, h2o on tap and even a dog bowl. they even have a 'community board' which informs any guest who walks in about local up coming events, different instructors in the community, and background info about lululemon athletica.the ladies who work this location are so sweet and always anxious to help with whatever they can. yes, it is a small store, but they do have some items i do not see in the bigger retail stores. mahalo, summerlin showroom! =)
5	Love this lulu showroom! The staff here is so nice and they have lulu stuff on SALE and it's the cute stuff! They also have free Saturday yoga with a variety of instructors. New stuff all the time too!
5	AWESOME. It's really open, the staff are really friendly, there's lots and lots of info... And I didn't have to drive all the way to Fashion Show!!! I wandered in after my pilates class next door and was instantly greeted by a group of friendly smiling girls. The community board is super cool and there are lots of ads and business cards. The selection was so organized. And who doesn't love a sale section.
5	Wonderful little store and extremely convenient -- saves me the trip to Fashion Show.  It's just a showroom, so not as much of a selection, but the sales are usually pretty good, the store is clean and open, and the employees are always friendly!  I have yet to try the free yoga on Saturday, but it's on my list!!
5	I love the free yoga classes on Saturday mornings. The teachers are great, but the space fills up too quickly. The sale rack is worth checking out. But like the rest of the store, it's hit or miss because it's a showroom. I can't wait until they close it and can open a full merchandise store in Summerlin. Hopefully the new mall will have one. Pleeeeeeease! Namaste
4	I'm a big fan of lululemon. I've attempted to come here so many times since this store is only a couple of miles away from my office. But by the time I get off work, they're already closed. The one time I got out of work early on a Wednesday, they were closed. Their hours are very limited: Thursday-Saturday morning until afternoon. They don't have an easy-to-find signage. Just a small lululemon logo hanging above the door. It's almost like a speak easy of lululemon stores.The store is very small so the selections, styles, sizes and colors are limited and the fitting room is a bit tight too. But like in all lululemon stores, the staff is wonderful and pleasant. There is a sale rack but don't expect a great selection.
5	This is an excellent store!  Very helpful, non-pushy sales people and while lululemon is on the pricey side - fabric and quality of garments are worth $!!
