1	Usually the first thing I say when I walk into Monday's is "God damn it!  Why am I at Monday's?"  I hate this place.  Way too crowded.  Shitty music.  No atmosphere.  Stay the hell away.
2	I bounced here for a while.  The place smells terrible -  a mix of vomit, alcohol, human feces and sweat.  The drinks are super cheap and people get very drunk in here.  It attracts a lot of football players.  Other than that not many redeeming qualities although the jukebox was pretty good.  I must have heard Beast of Burden from Rolling Stones every night for 1.5 years straight.
2	Things to know about Monday's:-The place is usually too crowded, or totally empty.  Strange, I know.-The bar often smells like someone vomited just a short time earlier. -The crowd is here for one reason only.  To get drunk quickly.   -The jukebox is full of classic rock, thus it doesn't suck.-Gary the bartender has always been here & always will be.-In more than 10 years of drinking at bars, I still consider the drinks here the stiffest drinks I have ever found at a bar.
2	I've been there only once, and that was enough. Yes, it is too crowded and infested with undergrads. If you are in for a randomly meeting unattractive people, this may be the place for you.
3	Madison's strongest mixed drinks.  The bartenders say only tourists order doubles, and they just laugh because their regular drinks are way past a double.  If you don't enjoy crowded bars don't go here thursday, friday or saturday night because they pack people in like sardines in a tin.  Not as bad as the other reviewers claim but far from a great bar as well.
5	It's the only bar I miss after moving away.  And it's the first place I go to whenever I stop back in town.  Yeah, it's a dive.  It smells like shit all the time.  Packed with idiots, mostly undergrads and I'm sure some underagers.  It is pretty much as bad as the other reviewers say it is.  But where else can you get a pint of vodka for $2.50?My favorite bar in Madison.
5	The bar is beyond a dive. It is a black out bar.So, you only have ten dollars and you want to kill your feelings with booze .. what do you do ? You go to Mondays.This bar has the strongest drinks I have ever had. Serious.They do not screw around here. In my Madison days, this bar was a member of the black out triangle, a three bar grouping guaranteed to make you regret your night the next day.The three dollar rails are a glass of booze with a splash of mixer.Here is my Haiku,Mondays has killed me.My soul is beyond damaged.Dark. Tell me she's cute.Talent Level: Very hammered sorority girls. "Good Girls" avoid this bar like the plague.
4	If it weren't for the bachlorette party, I'd give you a 3 star review. However, the JT and general top 40 shennanagins of mid-west bars are always a recipe for a good time. UFC and $5 ketel and sodas are never a bad thing. Please, invest in a new urinal though, I felt like I was going to get raped wilst peeing.
3	There is exactly one reason to go to Mondays: to get really drunk, really fast, for really cheap. During my college days the drinks were nearly undrinkable due to the high liquor-to-mixer ratio, even with my seasoned liver. I've been there twice in the last couple months (after the Super Bowl and on St. Patrick's Day) and the drinks are slightly more tolerable but just as likely to get you to blackout in three drinks or less. Pace yourself, friends - don't be one of the many to puke in the bathroom or lay down on the grassy area out front.
5	Took my first trip to Madison this last weekend.  Wound up at Monday's twice and I still don't have the clear of a memory of it.   It takes a lot for me to nurse a drink, but they were up to the challenge and I appreciate that.  On future trips I will be coming back, and maybe remember the inside at some point.
1	yucky!feels like an establish basement party.  Although its cheap and the drinks are stiff, if I was going to get that atmosphere I'd prefer to pay $5 for all I could drink beer & dollar shots in a college kids house.
3	Have just a few dollars in your pocket and you want to drink your feelings? Mondays is the perfect choice. Why?-The drinks are so strong that I recall, even in college, having to hold my breath to get 'em down. The do not skimp on the alcohol, holmes. -The above drinks are super cheap. -Expect a raging hangover the next day. -It's incredibly dark in here so hopefully any beer goggles of vodka shades you have are mitigated by the darkness. In terms of an extremely stiff cocktail, Mondays is the go to location in Madison. Just sip slowly if you care for your liver!
4	I don't get why this place gets bad reviews. So they happen to serve a drink that's so strong charlie sheen would have a hard time downing the first one. So what! This is Wisconsin! We drink! Be thankful you can get a liter of vodka in three drinks! For all you guys out there who have absolutely no game, this bar could be for you! You might get that one chance you have been waiting for! Lots of drunk chicks here! If I was still in college I would be at this bar every weekend.
2	Mondays is a pretty small bar, but that's okay because no one seriously intends to stay here long. It's a quick in-sober, exit-wasted transaction. The drinks are unreal. Strongest ever, anywhere. Truly. I am a proud badger and can out drink many a man who did not grow up in the great land of cheese, but Mondays challenges your liver in painful ways. On the other hand, if you can stomach it, it's a great way to get on everyone else's level if you've just met up or fallen a drink behind, and for cheap no less.The main thing I dislike about this bar is the clientele. Somehow a bunch of thirty plus, Jersey Shore loving meatheads found this place and call it home base for hitting on college girls who are only there to pre-game. Is that an Affliction T? Gross.Sometimes Mondays is a necessity and it's good to know its there, just in case you need it.
