5	Best smog expereince I've ever had and I've been doing several cars for many years.  Polite and extremely fast.  Great coupons, at the moment, on both Craigslist and the Smog King website.Unless something changes, I won't ever go anywhere else.
5	i have been bringing all my cars to dean for the past 14years! he is not close to home, but when you can trust someone it's worth the drive!! he is very knowledgable about lots of car stuff & also as a bonus is very competitive with his smog prices!! check him out, you won't be sorry :]
5	Holy cow, this was the fastest smog check I've ever done. It takes longer to fill up my gas than it took to get smogged here, no lie. They have 3 machines so the likelyness if having to wait is slim to none. I was there for about 4 minutes TOTAL and 2 of them was waiting for the machine to charge my card. The guy was super nice and friendly. They are at a new location which now has bathrooms. Apparently the previous location didn't. Not only do they give 90 days to rescan for free if needed but if you go on their website you can get a coupon (that you can just show them on your mobile) to bring the price down to $13.99!!! $19.99 regular price isn't bad either though. ANYONE who needs a smog check needs to go here! No questions asked!
1	DO NOT. I REPEAT DO NOT purchase a car from here. I bought my 2001 Ford Crown Victoria Police Interceptor from here with no warranty (3 1/2 weeks, NOT EVEN A MONTH OF OWNERSHIP) or 600 miles later my valve spring breaks, my valve falls into my cylinder and I'm out $2500 for a new engine or $1500 in machine work and labor. MORE THAN I PAID FOR THE CAR ITSELF. Throughout the life of the car this part should not have broke. If this part were to break it would be sometime after 150,000 miles. It only had 85,000 miles on it and it being a P71 would make it close to impossible for this part to break as the P71 model is highly up-kept by the police force it was under comission of. But somehow it managed to, that being said he HAD to have known that this would happen or at least have some knowledge that something catastrophic would happen sooner or later to leave the car undrivable. I PAID FOR A CAR TO DRIVE, NOT ONE TO SIT IN MY GARAGE AND PAY EVEN MORE FOR REPAIRS. And since so much neglect was dealt on my car, who's to say that ALL the cars on the lot are doomed to fail. This is absolutely unacceptable and I do plan on contacting the Better Business Bureau for an investigation on the legitimacy of this business and the quality of these used cars. DO NOT BUY A CAR FROM HERE UNLESS UNDER WARRANTY. And when/if you do decide to buy the car, smash that thing, drive like you're driving for your life to get out all of the kinks. Thank you for reading and PLEASE do all your research on the car you're buying and the person you are buying it from.
