5	The Obey House is awesome!  Great food, great atmosphere, great fun!
4	The Karaoke here is great, the drinks are cheap, and it's just a fun place to hang out!
5	FAN!I don't live in Pittsburgh, but I frequent it for work. The last time I was up there everyone said, "where do you want to go for happy hour?" and while asking the out-of-towner may not be the best idea, i used Yelp and found Obey House. Other than the name (which is an inside joke between me and another friend) I thought it was a perfect dive bar in the best location from my office. Turns out I was absolutely right.Don't be scared by the "I might die in here" exterior. Obey House is really homey and comfortable inside. Their food is awesome and extremely well-priced. I think it was a Wednesday when we were there and it was $0.75 Taco Night. I have never had a better taco from a north-of-the-border establishment.The service is excellent. All of the bartenders are wonderful and nice. They're fast and, most importantly, cheap. I hear that it doesn't get too crowded in there so when our group of ~15 showed up we immediately took over the bar. And what's better than having a neighborhood bar full of all the people you know?Inside there are two areas - a bar area and (I think) a seating area. There's karaoke & open mic nights, a big screen tv, and lots of other things to pass the time. There are jello shots and jello pudding shots for like $1 a piece! Did I mention the $0.75 tacos?I really really like this place and I'll probably be back next time I'm up in PIT.
4	I enjoyed a BBQ chicken salad & a long island here. The salad was huge and I was only able to finish 1/4 of it.. not kidding you. The menu was a nice size & had many different options. The bar itself is very laid back & full of regulars. Surprisingly for the area it is not a dangerous at all. The front is more of a dive bar & in the back they have multiple dining tables as well as a giant screen for playing wii. When I went on Tuesday, there was a special for around $6-- hot or sweet sausage sandwich with chips. A patron next to me ordered it and it was a nice size. They have karaoke on Saturdays! I'll have to head back soon.
