4	A little whole in the Wall with good bagel sandwiches, great pricing! If I'm in this part of town I'll visit for sure!
5	In Vegas for a volleyball tournament and was off the strip. Wanted to get breakfast but not sit down, in times past it was hard to find a local bagel place other then an einsteins. I saw Hugo's review and decided to try the place out, and it was amazing. I love breakfast bagels and this was one of the best I have had. The bagel was soft and the eggs were cooked with pepper, the sausage and cheese topped it off.  15 min we were in and out feeling good about the rest of the day.
5	Best family owned bagel,sandwich and coffee shop in East Las Vegas! Very fresh,clean and friendly
5	Great food and lots of options. I had the the bagel egg and cheese, a strawberry smoothie. Definitely recommend this place.
5	Overall I really love this joint. Their subs are delicious, their bagels are delicious, their bagel sandwiches are delicious, and they are fairly priced. The owner is typically always there keeping a watchful eye and restocking their fridge. They make the food right in front of you, no secret kitchen hidden behind some wall. All fresh and all made the way you like it!
4	I loved this little place. They don't speak English, however they were accommodating to my broken Spanish. I had the mango smoothie and tostilocos,which was interesting but yummy. I definitely  want to go back there before I move from the east side. A hidden gem.
4	I got an Italian sub and a strawberry shake. The sub was excellent except for simply not having enough meat on it, but it still tasted delicious. The strawberry shake tasted like milk. And he offered to remake it and though I told him no, he remade it anyways. But it still had very little taste at all. But I will give him an "A"  for his customer service. All in all, not bad, and reasonably priced.
5	Very nice place.  Great food.  I come here every two weeks for breakfast. You all have to try the fresh juice and panini Italian sub. Just amazing!!!  Customer service is good. Price, we'll I dnt mind paying two more dollars more for fresh ingredients. I'm sure you all understand this.
5	Wow!  I have to be honest, I walked in and thought "great, another guy who wants a bagel shop."  Oh boy was I wrong!  This place is so amazing!  It will be my new go-zoo for breakfast and lunch.
