5	Net knows his stuff. A lot of different flavors and a good selection of mods. The shop is very clean and the theme really goes with the name of the place. A very friendly shop and the owner Net will take care of you.
5	This store is AWESOME! Went here for the for the first time last week and LOVED it.! Net was so friendly and most of all knew his stuff. I went in for one thing and walked out with 5 new things! I was fast and friendly and prices were competitive. I will be back soon!
5	Zen Vapor is exactly what the name suggests. There is a certain serenity to this store in both its design and presentation. Much like their sister store Scarlett's, the walls and ceiling draped in black allow the displays and artwork to pop making everything eye catching. The wide selection of items is enticing to anyone old and new to vaping. They also carry and extensive variety of juices. I just picked up a Stillare RDA which is amazing. Net (co-owner) made my dual coil build with talent and offered the same pitch perfect customer service that I have come to admire from this crew of great people. Net, Dan, Scarlett and their teams are reasons alone for returning...their product lineup just seals the deal. Would recommend any and all to check them out.
5	Very nice relaxing place they have fish tank in the place.  Dan the owners son helped me rewick my tank and did an amazing job. While he was doing that I was able try almost all of the flavors they had.  Got the Suman love it!   If your looking for a Vape shop near southern highlands I highly giving this place a try..  Wish they had DYI stuff. prices are good lots of parking
5	Very nice vape shop.. great selection of juice as well as their own line of Zen juice. Will definitely come again.
5	Far from my house but the Zen GNS juice is to die for. I come here every week to check for new stock and to speak to the friendly, as well as, knowledgeable staff. I recommend all my friends, either new or expert vaper's to stop buy and be delighted by such a great shop. 8/5 stars if I could.
5	Very pleased with the service and the price here! The guys are very knowledgable and don't mind getting asked questions! I will defiantly be going back!
5	Zen Vapors gets 5 Stars across the board! This is the coolest Vape Shop to come to in Vegas. They were very friendly and inviting from the first time I walked in here. It's clean and a very friendly vibe. They make you feel comfortable being there. Very different from a couple other Vape Shops I've been. Dan & John are extremely cool people and fun to be around. I come in sometimes just to hangout and laugh with these guys. They have a great product line. They always seem to get new items before other Shops in town. They also have a great line of their own juices, and they taste great! I probably drop at least $75.00 a week here. Try Zen Vapors out and you won't be disappointed. Some of my favorite flavors are the Wisdom which is Cheesecake, Fruit Loops, and Wonder Grahams. I've been stuck on them for months now!!!!
5	First thing I have to mention is the awesome atmosphere, overall. If you wanna sit and "Zen" out, go for it -have a seat in front of that huge fish tank and get lost for a minute! But if you feel like sitting in front of the counters and watching whoever is building and chat it up, you can do that too. I was only in the area visiting for a few days and came in twice. First time, Jon did a sweet rebuild on the "sloppy" one I had (somewhere in San Diego) huge clouds ;) We talked a bit, he gave me a few bits of advice since I did tell him I was fairly new to vapes/ecigs. Couple other "regulars" in there that were just as welcoming and down to chat too! Thank god they were down with my sense of humor/bad jokes lol.. He did an awesome job so I came in to get my husband a new build before I headed back home. Two of the owners happened to be there that time and immediately welcomed me. Lots of advice, good convo, ZERO pressure to buy/stay/leave, anything :) Not to mention James hooked me up with some of the tightest parallel coils I've ever seen! My Tobh Atty has been acting creepy for a while, he and Dan took a good look at the whole thing too, tweaked it a little and it's finally working like new again.They have a good general selection for whatever you're looking for and a lot of their house juices are pretty unique.Positive vibes all around, every time :) Keep it up, guys! Can't wait to come back the next time we're in town (That Cheesecake/Wisdom flavor is one of my two favorite flavors right now! Try it!)Bonus point: They stay open late too :)
5	Very nice place! Very friendly staff. So many flavors to choose from. Highly recommended
