5	It's fun to stay at the -  Y  -  M  -  C  -  A !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Come on, you know you want to sing it in your head every time you see it.  At least do the little motions with your fingers.  How could you not?Well, this is one of the locations where folks actually DO stay at the YMCA.  While most Y's have moved into just watching your kids, offering some classes and functioning as a gym - this one has a full residential area as it's the oldest YMCA in the valley.One especially interesting note - this YMCA had the first indoor, completely enclosed pool in the entire State.  How's that for cool?  Want to know something even cooler??  It's NOT on the first floor!!!  As I don't have kids, and I have my own happy little casa, for me this is just a place to work out.  They really have an amazing gym. And it's not just one room - there are several rooms on several floors.  And if you're a member there aren't any extra costs associated with taking any of the other fun fitness classes either.  They offer some pretty cool ones too.  Personal favorite - and I almost hate to mention it.  They have an outdoor running track. But it's not on the ground.  It's a "roof top track" that actually extends out from their lower roof line.  So based on when you go you can be watching the sunrise, the sunset or the awesome city lights of downtown as you walk or run around the track.  Pretty darn awesome.
5	This Y is just great. Friendly, young staff, who are mostly volunteers, great mix of people, AWESOME machines, and just labyrinthian in design, which makes for great fun and added fitness (and totally Escher-esque at times... did I just go down the up-stairs?). Another kind of strange but cool thing about it is that I always have pleasantries with other gym goers, like, hello, goodbye, please, thank you, have a great day. It sounds average, but it's like the people that go there are on the same respectful, polite page. It's gym utopia. The only downsides are the small, 4 lane pool (but at least it HAS a pool) and the pain in the ass it is to get there because of light rail construction. Both of these are so marginal, though, so I give it a very solid 5 stars.
3	Totally revamped ... and WAY nice.Having been a member at LifeTime fitness prior to joining here, I'm a little spoiled which is why I only gave it a 3 star review.
4	If you live or work downtown and are looking for a new gym or fitness center I would strongly recommend you take a look at the Downtown Y.  They recently completed a major overhaul of their cardio and fitness equipment and now have one of the finest equipped gyms in Phoenix.  The upstairs has a large number of new cardio machines and also features a high-tech circuit station that will track your workouts automatically.  The downstairs free weight room is great as well.  And like other Y's you have basketball, swimming, and a very large number of free classes from kick-boxing to yoga to spin.  The staff is friendly and dedicated to doing a good job.
4	Considering this is the only gym I've ever been in, it's great! They have updated equipment and lots of them. I usually go during one of the busy times and can always get on a machine, or do the things I want to. Plus they have classes which are good. And every time me & my boyfriend walk in & out of the Y, a nice gal at the food counter greets us and says goodbye. We still never order anything, though...They lose a star though because I HATE WORKING OUT!  Sigh...
1	So I went to the Lincoln YMCA very excited to become a member, because i wanted to use their pool and take yoga classes.  I work as a substitute teacher and live in a very tight budget, but a family member has offered to pay for my monthly membership.  I walked up to the front desk and told the young lady that i wanted to be a member and she said it would be $99 to join unless i worked for ... (and listed off some businesses), if i worked for them the $99 would be waived. I asked her why the people that worked for said businesses got special treatment, and she said that those businesses had made deals with them.  I explained to her my situation, and told her i had read the mission statement stating that "no one was turned away because of their inability to pay." and her response was -"It is $99 to join and I can't waive that."  I told her that i couldn't afford an extra $99 on top of the $43 a month and she just shrugged her shoulders.  She then walked away and started helping someone else, offering no other options or solutions.I emailed the valley of the sun YMCA website and they said they would contact the Lincoln center and have them get back to me.  No one ever got back to me.I guess this particular YMCA is really more interested in being a recreation center for ASU then being a community resource.
4	Ok I just got back from the gym and decided that after writing my tepid review, I would do some further investigation just to make sure that I really knew what I was talking about.It turns out, I didn't.I checked in with the desk staff and asked them to tell me about all of the services available there.  They have so much going on - cardio room, weight room, full locker room with steamroom, hot sauna, showers, swimming pool, outdoor track, and classes.I like this place.  Upgrade from 3 to 4 stars takes effect NOW.
4	This really is the nicest Y I've ever been to, and I've been to a few in my day.  Here's why it's great:1. The cardio room is pretty awesome and can rival the much more expensive gyms.  I tend to avoid the really busy after-work hours, so I never have to wait for a machine.  2. You don't have to look pretty to work out.  HUGE plus.  I hate the idea of having to match or feeling like I should put on makeup to get sweaty in.  (I mean, not that I ever would, but YUCK.)3. There's a great deal through working at my college so I only pay $45 for the entire semester.  Seriously.  4.  Lots of parking.  Again, not during peak hours, but most of the time.5.  Nice locker rooms.6.  Sometimes teenage boys need a 6th to play 3-on-3 in the gym and ask the 30 year old woman to join.  :)7. Excellent customer service at the front desk.  I've only gotten friendly faces and "see you tomorrows"  from those good folks.  8. The Y is a solid, community organization.  I don't mind supporting them one bit.Overall, I have been very happy working out at the downtown Y.
5	I've got two names for you:  TYLER & MARCO - - superstar instructors at the Y!!!I've been an avid gym member at various gyms for years and I have to say, the YMCA downtown can't be beat for the 8-5 p.m. work schedule person who likes to attend the gym during lunch or right after work.  I'm all about the group exercise classes and this Y offers an array of classes such as spin, kickboxing, Zumba, Yogalates, Boot camp, water aerobics, Hatha Yoga, etc., etc.Back to my fav instructors:  Tyler and Marco.  Boy, do these boys kick my ass every time I take their classes! Tyler teaches spin and offers not only strong knowledge and great tips on making your spin experience the best that it can be, he has a kick-ass playlist of music to motivate his class.  Marco is a very intense and interactive kickboxing instructor who keeps pushing you with great music mixes to keep his class sweating the weight and stress away.Thank you Tyler and Marco for making my workouts intense and fun!  After years of going to different aerobic classes, I'm FINALLY seeing the results!!P.S.  You can't beat the staff that works there.  Erica who manages all the group exercise instructor welcomes any suggestions or comments with a smile.  Freddie at the front desk is also very helpful and sweet.
4	So I convinced the Lincoln Family YMCA to wave the $99 since it is part of their mission statement and all that they want to "provide fitness regardless of your ability to pay."  I have been going on a regular basis and have been to a couple of the classes.  The instructors are knowledgeable and kind at every class I have been to.  I do think the Sunday hours need to be extended.  10am - 1:30pm is just not enough.They keep the facility a little warmer then I would prefer, but it is a big old building so it might be as cool as they can get it, but I often wish they would kick the cooler down a couple notches.  They do a good job keeping the machines in good condition.  I have been to other gyms where equipment would have out of order signs for months.
4	I just freaking love this place, although I was skeptical! It's sparkling clean, never too crowded, it's cheap, huge locker room, the employees and patrons alike are amazingly polite, and the people watching is good.  The treadmills have TVs and iPod hookups. Nothing makes an hour go by faster than two back to back reruns of the Rachel Zoe show. Yes, for real.Minus one half star for their shitty parking lot and the assholes who stalk you and maneuver to get the closest spot (hi, you're about to go inside to EXERCISE...? Would it kill you to walk fifteen feet more?), and minus one half star for the creepy Bible references sprinkled about.
4	I've been going to this Y for almost a year now.  It's close to my house which was the first reason I checked it out.As much as I'd like to be able to hike squaw peak every day, it is just not possible or practical.  I'm going to have to go to the gym to get my exercise on.The Y is more than adequate for my needs. Good cardio facilities and the basement free weight room is pretty decent. A few TV's  up front help distract me. The treadmills have their own tv! just bring your own headphones.  The cardio equipment is also meant to sync up with your ipod, but many of the connections dont' work anymore. No biggie...You can find me usually in the free weights room in the basement.  It has most of the basic equipment you need.  I don't really believe in using the machines, luckily there is a good amount and  selection of dumbbells and barbells   In my honest opinion however, there needs to be more than one squat cage, smith machines don't do it for me.  The pool? its nice, can't say I really use it.  The classes are great as well. Athletic training, zumba, spinning, a few yoga classes, family boot camp are some of the classes I can remember right now. They just added some "Les Mills Body Pump" classes which I hear are a good workout. I'll try one out and let you know.They just switched from ol fashioned paper towels and some sort of anti bacterial bottle spray to these handy little pre moistened wipes to clean off the machines.  I don't care what they provide as long as people use them. And for the most part, you don't see folks not cleaning up after their sweaty selves.  I sweat like Patrick Ewing, so I need to always be cleaning up after myself.The staff always seem friendly and attentive.  Membership is quite diverse and friendly.  If you need a spot, there is someone to help you.  Folks are real chatty. It's nice, but sometimes I just want to work out.  Its more my problem than theirs.It isn't flashy, but it's clean and well organized.  Let those other folks go to the new Golds Gym. I'm quite content to stay at the Y.
3	4-5 stars for the pool, staff.  1-2 stars for the stoopid layout and hell/sauna-like conditions of the cardio equipment room.  The good:Pool is nice, the staff and instructors I've encountered are super.  Friends rave about the instuctors of their classes.  The bad:PLEASE bring in two BIG fans into the cardio equipment room.  That room is like asking for flu and tuberculosis.  Anyway, see you at Christown.
5	I've never been much of a gym rat, so take this review with a dose of salt (which, along with sugar, is the only thing that motivates me to work out in the first place). I love food and drink, so exercising has really become my golden ticket to my personal Wonka factory, where I can consume as I please but still stay relatively trim. And when I first started really working out a few years ago, I quickly realized that the only way for me to be successful was to accept one of my other personal flaws (outside of gluttony): impatience. I can barely go a few minutes at a desk without wanting to do something or talk to someone, so expecting myself to diligently pound a treadmill for an hour at a time is a sure guarantee of failure. That's why I started to do kickboxing at Lee's Martial Arts in Laveen (see my review). The diversity of exercises, the pumping music and motivation of an instructor made it easy to stay engaged for the full hour required to really burn calories and get in shape. Given that, when we moved to Central Phoenix a few months ago, I wanted to find a new workout home where classes were a priority--and I didn't have to pay a fortune to get that in addition to basic gym privileges. With that as my criteria, the Y has been more than satisfactory. The cost (only $70 per month for two adults) is really reasonable, the instructors are motivating and seem genuinely happy to be teaching, the free weight room has tons of good equipment for any extra toning I want to do, the locker rooms are clean and the staff is all friendly and helpful. Plus, I can continue to do kickboxing with Marco (great instructor) every Monday and Wednesday at 5:30. I also really like that the facility is housed in an old building. In a city of strip malls and new construction, God knows we could use a little character. Of course, the Y has downsides (bad parking as others have mentioned, awkward layout, less-than-high-end showering facilities and sub-par food choices), but it's well worth the money, and my waistline, wallet and attention span are all the better since joining.
4	ASU students get free membership at the Y...challah! just had to because i'm jewish.  and don't in any way support christianity, but am more than willing to indulge in a free membership to their gym on ASU's dime...the gym is your typical gym.  nothing special.  they have a nice amount of equipment and they keep the place clean.  the staff is really friendly.  they have a coffee/snack bar up front which i've never tried.  i've never done any of their classes either, or used anything besides the gym equipment.  but i looked around the place, they have a pool, handball courts, basketball court, and a track that goes outside and then comes back in which is pretty dope.  on my self guided tour i somehow ended up in the apartment area where they house all of the homeless people.  kind of scary, and really creepy. but they don't work out in the gym.  it's mostly a bunch of asu kids and downtowners.  nobody is staring you down cuz you're unfit or you're not lifting enough.  i like that.so if you don't mind your occasional random bum pokin at you for change for booze, check out the y.
3	Staff isn't friendly, place is a maze!
5	I am very happy that I decided to go to the Y.  With 2 little ones, it is really difficult to squeeze in workout sessions. Also, I don't like standard by-myself workouts. I joined because I was interested in all of the classes that came along with the membership. The kids had a blast at the kid zone. My son loved the PacMan Atari game, and when I went back to grab them, I could hear them screaming down the hall! Apparently, one of the trainers had turned in to a monster and had my little guy upside down laughing until his face was blue! You have no idea what a relief it is to know that I'm not neglecting my kids, and instead they are having a great time. They are very excited to go back.I went for the Zumba class, which was rescheduled and I instead took Athletic Training. I'm not going to lie, that class totally kicked my ass. But it was a lot of fun and it was a great way to jump start my regimine. The trainer was great, friendly, and passionate about fitness. Exactly what you would want in a trainer. I toured around, loving all of the facilities. The staff were all very friendly and down to earth. The equipment all looked brand new and professional. Much better than I would have expected.I'm really excited to continue classes at the Y. I'm definitely taking advantage of the swim lessons for my 4 year old (free with my membership this month), and my son will be enrolled in soccer in March. I love the discounts on everything!My husband is also really looking forward to his free one on one session with a personal trainer and his 6 week jumpstart program. This was a great investment for my family. I'm very excited to get back in shape for the summer!
5	Great Place clean friendly always I am very glad my partner signed us up.  Close and convenient for us both.
3	The YMCA downtown is in the heart of Phoenix.  It is a pretty massive facility with 3 stories and you kind of find yourself in a maze to find the basketball court, downstairs  weight room, outdoor track... The place is always clean and there is plenty of cardio and weight machines so you don't usually have to wait.  The staff is pretty friendly, I would say they don't go out of their way to make you feel welcome, but they do smile and greet you upon arrival.  My issue with this place is the childcare, I have actually complained that the staff is not regular and seems to just be teenagers that also double as lifeguards, sometimes in a YMCA shirt, sometimes not. I would say since I complained I have seen a much more efficient check in system and more consistent volunteers.  I do appreciate they have a glass wall that looks into the gym so you can also keep an eye on you little ones.  They have improved, but should take notes from the Christown YMCA as their child watch is still leaps above the downtown one. Overall a good gym for downtown phx and the large parking lot is also a huge bonus since free parking downtown is hard to come by!
4	I've been a member of this YMCA since I was 8yrs old. Back in the day, a light blue conversion van would pull up to the neighborhood stop where a group of me and my friends were waiting eagerly to be collected and it would bus us to the downtown Y. You see back then we didn't know we were poor and we certainly didn't know we were part of a program to keep at-risk kids off the streets and out of gangs. We just knew we would get a free breakfast, free lunch, possibly a nap on a cool mat and a full day of Foosball, bumberball, checkers, indoor volleyball and god's eye craft time. Those sure were some fun times!Fast forward thirty years and I am still a member, this time a paying member. Not much has changed about the Y. They still have programs for the kinds, the elderly, the homeless and they have a great work out facility with some awesome group exercise programs.I've been taking Marco's cardio kickboxing class for a couple of years and he is a great instructor.  I could barely make it through half his class when I first started but I stuck with it and picked up some great shadow boxing moves and I now have endurance to sustain for a full hour of swinging, kicking and bending.  I think He's kind of a rock star but I won't tell him that. Most recently I've taken up Zumba and I have to admit, I made fun of it at first. From the outside looking in, it looks silly, however, I gave it a try for two weeks and I am hooked. It's been two months now and I've dropped eight extra pounds by adding Zumba to my cardio workout. Yes people, I am hip-hopping, samba-ing, mambo cha cha-ing my way to fit and I don't care how silly it looks. I feel great! I've got my eye on an early morning yoga class, that trial period starts next week. With all my time in the gym and in group exercise classes I guess the overall at-risk program has proven successful. It's keeping me out of the bars (at least on weeknights) and off the streets . Yay-Y!
4	Non pretentious place and not overly crowded for this location which I love since I knock out my work out for the day during my lunch. prices are reasonable and lockers are only $7 a month if you need one. Lots of equipment, machines and classes to choose from. Oh, and towels are complimentary also.I like the foam bath wash in the showers also :)
4	This is my gym.  I am a YMCA fan.  I love the age of the building.  I love that it's not pretentious, as another reviewer noted.  I think the rooftop running track is fantastic, and a great way to use space downtown.  It's not overly-crowded, but it's a busy place.  The only class I've taken there was FemStart, which was a kind of circuit-training program.  It kicked my but and made me really sore (in a good way).  It's usually very clean, but last time I went (on a Sunday afternoon) the women's locker room smelled bad.  There was no bin for dirty towels, and people just threw them on the floor.  When I mentioned it to the (male) staff, they seemed unconcerned.  There's plenty of equipment, and a good variety.  There is a dry sauna, a jacuzzi, and an indoor pool.  Last week, while I was on the weight machines, a man brought two young boys into the exercise room, even though there is a sign on the door indicating no children under 12 are allowed.  A staff member IMMEDIATELY approached him and tactfully redirected him to the family exercise room, which is available if you ask for the key at the front desk.  I really appreciated their attention to maintaining the environment.  I was disappointed that the tricep machine was broken on my last visit.  I hope it's fixed when I head over there in a few minutes.  I also appreciate the fact that they have dedicated motorcycle parking, since I am sometimes a scooter rider.  They do, however, need more and better bicycle racks.  I worry excessively about my bicycle while I'm at the Y.  Even though it's double-locked and I remove the seat, I feel like it's really vulnerable.
5	Love me some Y action!  The downtown Y has everything you could ever possibly want in a gym: tons of cardio machines, a separate weight room, a pool, the "trendy" fitness equipment (like TRX and heavy ropes), personal trainers, lots of classes, cold/hot filtered water, even a cafe.  They could use a couple more stair-masters though.  ;)Bonus:  The staff here are super cute. Especially Vince. ;)
2	After 6 years as a member, my membership expired a couple of months ago and no one noticed at the Y.  I guess that's ok, as the number of classes convenient to me keeps shrinking, the number of machines decreased, and the amount of space taken up for personal training/TRX machines makes the rest of the exercise rooms croweded.  The gym downstairs is crowded and messy.  I feel sad about this; this was "my Y" for years.  I am going to look into the other fitness centers in downtown.  I also feel sad as I love to support the Y.  But this particular one is not up to standard.  I hope this gets read, unlike the suggestions I put into the suggestion box over the last year.  Mmmm...maybe the Y doesn't want me anymore.
5	Nice, new equipment. Seemingly newer facility. Nice people. I'll be working out there any time I'm in Phoenix.
3	The gym is fairly clean, however it is pretty small and they didn't really have a large range of exercise equipment plus they only had one mat to stretch out on.
1	In 2010 faced with parking problems, someone decided that after a feeble parking pass enforcement policy, a stunningly rude technique was the answer; I quit on the spot. The attitude was clear: the customer is last. ASU students crowded up the place, and many didn't have a basic grasp of gym etiquette (resting on equipment / talking on the phone, not wiping off sweat). Multiple poorly executed remodels inconveniencing the members, with increased fees afterwards. The residents will sometimes use the facilities, which I support, but there have been a handful of conflicts with the guests and staff. There is a cardio room that can serve as a sauna in the summertime (poor remodel ventilation planning). And the hours, closing early and often on holidays -- we're talking days at a time, not at all in line with their competitors. Replacing equipment with crap no one uses. They tried to make me jump through hoops to quit and the arrogance and red tape had to be put in check. Too big, too greedy, and too bad, you lost a long relationship.
2	I worked out at this gym for a little under a year between April 2012 to March 2013. I had recently moved to Phoenix from the Chicago-area and had been a member at my local Y in Illinois for 5+ years. I'm not sure if my Illinois-based YMCA is just super nice and I had become spoiled, or what the deal is, but I found this Y disappointing.I went in for a tour and membership info when I first arrived in Phoenix. The membership fee was around $50/month, which I found outrageous for the shape this place is in. It's older (though apparently recently renovated?), small exercise rooms, and a maze of floors/hallways/stairs.I knew after touring the place I couldn't justify the price. I later found out that the Ys in the Valley participate in the fitness program through my medical insurance, which is $25/month -- that is the ONLY reason I decided to join. I signed up for my insurance fitness program, and presented the information to the Y. That, in and of itself, was a nightmare. I won't go into that in this review, though, since I joined at the Christown YMCA, and it wouldn't be fair to blame the downtown location for their issues.Back to my review of the downtown location. When I first started coming regularly, their water machine was broken. Two weeks later, it was still out of order, and I have no idea how long it was not functioning before I joined. I generally take group exercise classes at the gym, and this location offers a decent variety. Which brings me to my next issue -- the instructors. The ones I've had are generally OK, though I don't think the kickboxing class is nearly the great workout that everyone seems to think.However, I will say that on one memorable occasion when I arrived to take a Spin class, I asked the instructor (politely) if we could please turn on the fans in the cycle room since it is tiny, has no air flow, and gets HOT as Hades. He replied, "I don't use fans in my class." Wow. I have never experienced such rudeness/arrogance from a class instructor anywhere previously or since.I really love supporting YMCAs and helping the community, but I don't think I could justify the cost of this one in exchange for the facilities & service.
4	Have been going to this gym for a couple of months now. Everything seems to be great so far. The staff is mostly young ASU students so don't expect them to be too friendly or helpful. Other than that, the gym has a lot of great new equipment. I am a calisthenic athlete and I find it easy to switch between weights and body weight exercises in this gym. The people who go to the gym are younger but very respectful and nice.
1	Have been going to the YMCA since I was a child and will not be going back. Turns out having young, immature, and disrespectful staff is too much to overlook. Had an extremely rude interaction with a young girl who worked behind the desk. I do not recommend you spending money on a membership at this location if you are over 23 years old. Place is for kids who don't take working out seriously
4	I like it! The Downtown Y does double duty. One can exercise in the older Y section or head on over to the Sun Devil Fitness Center. The Sun Devil side has cardio machines with one's own personal TV!  The weight room is much better on the older Y side.  Price:  Very decent. I do get a discount with my work.  Hours: Excellent, 5 am open time on weekdays, on weekends 7 am Sat and 9 am Sunday.  Parking: Free with sticker.  Location:  Less than a mile from where I live. I save so much gas from not having to drive to a gym now!Group exercise classes:  In the older part of the Y, these can be confusing to find. The cycle room is on the third floor, as you maze your way up the stairs passed other areas of the gym that often seem deserted.   Cycle is a lot of fun. I think instructors should introduce themselves to new people, though. Facility: there are plenty of cardio machines. I like that there are four rowing machines and a variety of others.   The weight room in the older part of the Y is huge and has excellent equipment.  Watch out for posers down here, ha! There are lockers, showers, bathroom, and an indoor pool.  Staff: Most staff are friendly.
