5	OK...when I was in high school I had this douche bag dentist that performed a root canal that I'm pretty sure I didn't need..since then I've had one problem after another with it. Finally, the damn thing broke. I called dr. Jackson to make an appt and I was able to get in the same day. What was also super awesome is that this place is within walking distance from my house. Staff is super pleasant and dr. Jackson is very friendly. They came up with my treatment plan (most places will offer up bull crap things to get your money but this plan was all business). I truly believe dr. Jackson and staff has the best interest of their patients at heart. Although my visit resulted in an extraction (I knew it was going to come to that prior to my visit) I'm very pleased with the quality of service I received. Dr. Jackson is starting to fix what another jackass messed up. They also do ortho here which I will be getting into after I'm done with the bridge..we have some work to do but I feel it is more than reasonable. The place is very clean and I appreciate their green approach; all of the forms I filled out and signed were laminated and scanned into their computer. The fuchsia gloves and masks were pretty cute too :)
5	Wow! This office is beautiful. Dr. Jackson and her staff have done a great job! Dr. Jackson is the friendliest dentist I have ever met! She does great job caring for me. I had told her I was afraid of the dentist and she calmed my fears and eased my anxiety. She took the time  (and it took a lot of time) to explain everything she was doing for me without rushing me at all. She really cares about her patients! Thanks Dr. J! See you in 6 months!
5	FANTASTIC office. I have been regularly seeing dentists for my entire life and have had quite a bit of work done. Dr Jackson is by far my favorite. She is extremely friendly and just goofy enough to make you want to stick around and hang out after. She also really cares about what is going on with your health. Very friendly staff and extremely timely. They have never made me wait and all the procedures were very pleasant. Can't wait to see her again in a few months.
5	The way you are treated from the minute you walk in is just great. They are friendly and very helpful to say the least. The office is super clean and it smells great. It's very pleasant to come to such as clean location. Even the restroom is sparkling clean. Love it
5	Dr. Tiffany is a kind-hearted down to earth person. The moment you set foot into her office you feel as if you were a patient for years and very at home. Dr. Tiffany went above and beyond for my situation. She came in on her day off as I had a "dental emergency". She performed the procedure with gentle technique and was very informative on what she was doing. I could not give a better recommendation for anyone having any type of dental problem. Thanks again Dr. Tiffany!
5	I am definitely a procrastinator when it comes to seeing a doctor or a dentist. I've just had too many that were every bad adjective you could think of. That is until now. I have to say that there are so many reasons that I believe that this is easily the best dentist in town. First of all she is a first rate dentist with a first rate staff. I have a very busy schedule, and I am always on time with my schedule so why shouldn't they be? Is the question I always find myself asking myself whenever I go to a dentist. Well, they feel the same way.  I have never waited more than a couple minutes upon arriving to their office. Her staff is extremely friendly and attentive, they are also educated and consistent in what they do...very professional. Dr Jackson is extremely down to earth and is an obviously genuine person. All of her equipment is modern, clean and state of the art. And I guess she's not into putting her patients through pain because she must of checked on how I was doing at least once every couple minutes. I really can't say enough. I know that when I have a dental appointment I won't flake and make up an excuse, and that says it all right there.
5	If you have to go to a dentist, might as well make it the best one in town. Dr. Jackson is awesome. She puts you at ease and makes the dental experience less torturous. The rest of the staff is amazing too. Celeste greets you with a friendly smile when you come in and streamlines the check in process. Magaly is so friendly and has a very gentle touch. I honestly no longer dread going to the dentist.
5	Dr. Jackson and her staff are second to none.  Positive, professional and very warm.  Wonderful location.  The office is pristine, as well as attractive.  I was taken not only by Dr. Jackson's warmth, but her depth of knowledge in of-the-moment dental advances and use of state of the art equipment.  Not only will my family continue to be loyal clients, but we will definitely tell everyone we know about this amazing practice!
