5	I had the Beef Tikka and the Chicken Samosa :) it was Fantastic!!!... So Much Flavor, Great Portions for the Price. The Staff was Lovely, very Excited for their First Day if Buisness. I will Definitely be back for More :)
5	Wow! I ordered the chicken boti and it was so delicious! I had planned on taking my food home but wanted to try a quick bite when I got into the car... well, I ate the whole thing in the parking lot (I'm not proud). It was so tasty! My birthday is next week and now I know where my husband will be taking me for dinner :)
3	I first walked in and was surprised that this is a self-serve place. I guess I just assumed an Indian Food place would include service. It makes more sense when you get to the menu/ordering area and see half of the menu is comprised of different kinds of burgers. I didn't discount them just for the fusion menu,  but it was my first point of concern. I was looking for some Korma specifically and they don't have that. So, as the pictures I'm gonna upload will show, I got the lamb Shawarma,  chicken samosa,  a mango lassi. My boyfriend got chicken boti, a drink and fries. Our bill came out to $37 for me and my boyfriend which I think is ridiculous for a self-serve indian/American fusion diner (basically). They call your number and you go to pick up your food.  After you eat you throw away your trash and put your plates away. I don't mind going to self-serve places but the amount you pay for Indian food I think it's silly not to serve us. Especially because the place isn't busy! Why are there signs everywhere trying to get customers to serve themselves and clean up after themselves when it takes 30 seconds for an empty restaurant staff member to walk it over. I'll say right here if this restaurant doesn't succeed it's at least 50% because of their idea to make it self-serve. I was happy with my lamb Shawarma. The samosa was really spicy,  would not recommend. The lasse did not have the bubbly texture I'm used to. My boyfriend was pretty upset with his boti - only because for 11 dollars at a place you serve yourself he thought the portions were too small. He had like five chunks of chicken and bunch of rice and lettuce. They call it a salad but it really is just lettuce. However, the lamb was good and I may be back for a lamb gyro if I'm in the mood one day. The food isn't bad just some execution issues I think. If you serve restaurant priced food, serve your customers. Especially if your portion sizes aren't commendable.
1	Very disappointing. One of the worst meals I've ever had and I'm usually pretty forgiving. My friend and I came expecting to have Indian food. Apparently they only serve that on weekends (???) so we had questionable Mediterranean food instead. My veggie panini was almost inedible. The chicken and hummus my friend had were just ok. Service was pretty bad too. I understand they just opened and figuring things out and I could see they mean well but still... I was embarrassed that I took my friend here. This place has potential but they need to train the staff and have a complete/revamped menu.
5	Great place and amazing food. Very beautiful and clean interior. Food is just delicious!! Best place in Las Vegas for healthy halal and best kebabs
4	This place has amazing food and was happy to see there were plenty of customers when I stopped in last night for dinner. I do think they place has some room for improvement, but the food is great!We ordered the Samosas, Tiki Chicken and a falafal pita sandwhich. My friend and I were very please with the size of the portions and the tasty entrees. I feel that I would have enjoyed this place more if... -Actual servers waited on you. We were unaware that we needed to grab out drinks and own silverware. For $32.00 + tip I felt slightly annoyed that I had to do my own drink refills and get napkins. -The cups were pretty small. I had to refill my soda two times while I was eating. -It might be helpful if they had photos of the foods. One of my friends who was not familiar with this type of food was completely unsure on what to order. Overall, I probably will be back at some point. The food was tasty. But how often am I honestly going to treat myself to a take out type of meal that is the same price as a sit down place??
5	GREAT FOOD!! Very friendly....the falafel wrap and the house dressing are fantastic. If you're not familiar with Indian/Mediterranean food, ask the staff to describe it....the Chicken Boti kabob entree is tender and seasoned perfectly. I'll be back!
3	I think this place has a bit of an identity crisis. It's either a fast casual restaurant or its a sit down restaurant. Unfortunately they are charging sit down prices for a fast casual, serve yourself environment. The food was decent, but two kabobs dinners and a drink, which you have to get yourself was almost $28.  Wait, now that I think about it, one of the orders was a combo and we never got the onion rings (only choice because they ran out of fries).For my liking, the music was a bit too loud. I also found the menu to be a little on the big side and pictures, as someone else mentioned would be a huge help.  A mediterranean/Indian place that serves great burgers could probably work, but you may want to advertise them a little more. Maybe a burger with these flavors and toppings could work to. Another suggestion, I saw that the owner felt  it necessary to respond. When you do respond in such a way, it comes off as negative and makes you and your restaurant look bad. There is nothing wrong about being passionate, but I would respond a little differently. Something like "I am sorry your experience with us did not meet your expectations. We will take your feedback as we continually strive to make our restaurant a better dining experience."I'm a fan of small business and I hope this one succeeds, but there are quite a few places in town to get good kabobs and Indian food.  I think once this place figures out exactly who they are, they can succeed.
5	If you are out looking for Halal meal, then this is it. Really nice atmosphere. Great food. Great staff. What's not to like? A bit far if you are near the strip but it's worth it.
5	This is my first time here and I love it. Pros:-the decor is really nice and well thought out-the staff is nice (Jamie at the front counter was helpful and polite)-the food is fresh and delicious -lots of menu options (my husband and I are vegan and they had lots to choose from)-they bring your food to you -good music I was going to take away a star because the price is a little high for a self serve place, but after tasting the food, I understand why. I got the veggie burger and onion rings, the veggie burger seemed like it was house made fresh and very tasty. They even brought out ketchup and ranch for my onion rings without me having to ask. The onion rings did not taste frozen. My husband got a falafel wrap and we both loved it. We also got the baklava but were to full to eat it. But it looks good! :P Overall this place is solid and I would recommend it to anyone.
3	A little Lazzzzy on those frozen onion rings they were including in the combo. Coke syrup is overdue for replacement. Passable kabobs, excessively mild chili chicken, large portions of rice, uninspiring salad. Not too far from a place that sells much better kabob and salad combos, I'll probably pass on coming back. The place has got potential but you can tell they're bit too dependent on premade ingredients in the kitchen. Manager was very friendly though and I'm sure kids couldn't tell the difference, so probably worth it for a family  trip using restaurant.com coupons.
