5	BEST dentist in Arizona!!!   Dr Gombert and his staff are very caring, gentle, sincere and knowledgeable.  They use the latest technology and really explain your options well.  I have been going for years and have recommended all my family and friends.  Everyone I send to him says they have been searching for years before finding him.  He really seems to be the right fit for everyone.  Great personality too.  Highly recommend!
5	I am sure there are plenty of dentists that can clean teeth well but what sets this place apart is the overall environment. I can't believe that I am going to use the word ambiance for a dentist's office but seriously this place has great ambiance. When you walk in, the waiting area is calm and quiet. Beautiful stonework and tile with a calming water feature. This all really helps make it easy on someone like me who gets extreme anxiety about going to the dentist. The office staff are all courteous and competent. They even have baked goods and coffee available in the mornings. And an assortment of bottled water, even Perrier (which I love!) in a little fridge.In the treatment rooms, they continue the calming vibe with low music and videos of beautiful travel destinations. It gives your mind something to focus on instead of what is going on in your mouth. Typical of most dentists, it seems like the hygienist does most of the work at a regular visit. The ones here are all so knowledgeable and professional, they seem better than most dentists at other places. All the ones I have seen are extremely friendly as well.A couple years ago I had to have an old filling replaced. The insurance I had at the time didn't cover it and so I "shopped around" and got estimates from a few different dentists. I was disappointed at the idea of having to go somewhere else for the work but to my surprise Parkside came out the cheapest! Dr. Gombert did a fantastic job and made the procedure as painless as possible (both physically and emotionally). Fortunately now the insurance I have considers Parkside a preferred dentist so I can go here practically for free. I will continue going to this dentist for as long as I live in Phoenix.
5	I can't say enough good things about Dr. Troy Gombert.  I was injured in a bicycle accident in my early teens and had old bonding on my teeth when I met Dr. Gombert about ten years ago.  I was looking for cosmetic dentistry to consist of permanent crowns and veneers.  I went to multiple dentists  to find a suitable one for me, and the task was not easy, until I met Dr. Gombert.  Dr. Gombert was not a hard salesmen, nor was he pushy and he was very knowledgeable and really took time to understand and listen to my concerns and needs.  His pricing was significantly less than some of his industry's peers and his work is absolutely beautiful!  Dr. Gombert has a very gentle hand and his energy is very calming for those of you that may have a fear of dentists.  The office environment is peaceful and serene too!  I am happy to say that after being under Dr. Gombert's dental care that I smile more confidently and bigger and brighter than ever.  I have referred many family members and friends to him and they all think he does an amazing job and were 100% satisfied with his work!  I'm sure after you meet him, you will want to be a patient for life...like me!  He's the best in the business!!!!
5	I live in North Scottsdale, but it's well worth the drive to Chandler to see my dentist.  It is always such a pleasure to go for my 6-month cleaning. Really! Dr. Gombert and his team take such great care to ensure that I maintain healthy teeth and gums. I've been under Dr. Gombert's care for over 5 years now, and I've never had a bad experience. His office is so clean and beautiful, and he and his staff are excellent at what they do.
