3	I used to love this restaurant but something has happend over the last few years that has made this place less desirable. I had the sweet and sour chicken. The breading and texture is crispy and tasty but the chicken looks mostly like dark meat and unidentifiable meat.The fried rice is good.I have also had the orange chicken which is pretty good and the sesame chicken which is probably my favorite. Both come in very small breaded bits that make for excellent leftovers. I gave China Place a three because no matter how much you order it never takes them more than 10 minutes to have it ready for pick up and most things make good left overs. If you were dining in without the aforementioned upside I would give it a two.
2	I called at 3:30 before I left home and verified that they served lunch till 4:00.  I came in and sat down at 3:50 and was handed a dinner menu.  After that I wouldn't have eaten here at all if I wasn't meeting someone for our late lunch.The food wasn't anything to brag or complain about.  With the great selection of chinese food within two miles to the West, I won't be coming back here.
4	Orange chicken? Yes please! IT's so good here, and it's so much better when you eat it in there dinning room because it's SO good super hot. The only thing bad I'll say is there new delivery. I ordered lunch for my family on day and I called at 1pm. I called back 3 times after over 90 minutes waiting for my food. Like the idiot that I am, I still payed for it and tipped the guy..and only because there stupid orange chicken is so good...but I was really pissed that it took so long. So don't order in from here, make sure you eat it there!
5	This is one of my favorite Chinese spots to eat food is always excellent
4	I've been looking all over for a good American-style Chinese restaurant. You know, crispy egg-rolls, fried rice, the General's chicken. Finally found the right place, and I'll keep coming back here. So much better than all the "buffet" Asian restaurants where you always court the possibility of food poisoning. My lunch was either 4.99 or 5.99, can't remember. Lemonade was maybe two dollars for a large and refillable glass. Excellent service. Nothing fancy about the decor, but perfect for a quick, inexpensive, tasty lunch.
1	This place is the worst!!! We got take out from here last night and our food was undercooked and very greasy. It also did not smell too good either... won't be going here again... should have listened to my sister who said "eww" when I told her we were ordering from this place.
1	Today is 1/8/2014... I ordered my food from them via phone at 840 pm. The took my order and said it would be her in 30 mins. They immediately charged my payment card ( I was notified by my fanatical institution via text , $45.10). About 45 minutes later no delivery. I called to ask the status. No one was there the were gone like ghost. I am feeding my elderly mother, wife, daughter (age 3), and my self.  The food never showed up, never received a phone call or any communication.  It is now late my family is starving and china place stole my money. I do not know what to do. No answer at the place I am very upset and could use some help. I would never recommend this place to anyone. They flat out ripped me off and now I have to find something open that's not garbage.  I have never seen anything like this. If I could I would give this place negative rating. I hope they go out of business and they starve like we are tonight. All of the staff and the person who owns this place "Steven Tee" should be prosecuted for bank fraud, theft, credit card fraud. Please help shut this place down and force them into financial ruin.
4	I've been here several times with my kid. We only get the fried rice, so I can't say much on the variety of the food or the quality of anything other than the rice, but most of the time it's spot-on, exactly as advertised, good ol' fried rice. Once it's been slightly undercooked, so it was just a tad crunchy in the middle of the rice grains, but that only happened one time, so maybe it was an off day.A tip: If you order chicken fried rice, you'll get a LOT of chicken, so if that's what you're looking for, basically a 1 to 1 ratio of chicken to rice, this is the place to go.The service is...spotty. There's one guy on the wait staff who's very polite and attentive, one who won't come over unless you wave, and then there's a woman who looks profoundly unhappy to be there at all. She's looked and behaved that way every time we've come in, and it's kind of off-putting, but she's never been outright rude, so at least there's that.I'm giving 4 stars because, despite the occasional lack in social graces, this place is clean, fast, reasonably priced, close by, and the food is tasty (or, at least, the one thing I've eaten here is tasty).
4	I live in the neighborhood across the street from this place, and so I've driven past it for a good year and a half. I had ordered from them a few months prior, but that was just wonton soup so I decided to go back and try the food. I got one of the lunch specials - sweet and sour chicken - and for $6 it was a TON of food. I don't know what they put in the brown-colored rice but it was AMAZING. I had enough left over for another meal (I could have eaten all of it then but I had to force myself to stop so I didn't hate myself later haha) With the lunch special you get the main dish, and then two huge sides of rice and those little cream cheese wonton things. I placed my order over the phone and they gave me a reasonable time frame. I like that they have a drive through for order pickups, because I can just see this tiny parking lot being a nightmare during busy times. If you go in here expecting super high class gourmet Asian cuisine, well you're going to be SUPER disappointed. For what it is, the food is great and pretty decently priced.
1	Ugh. Ate here because some coworkers said, "You HAVE to try the bobo chicken!". More like doodoo chicken. What the f$!% did I just eat?!
1	If I could rate less than one star I would.  I ordered Pork Fried Rice with No veggies and add egg. Now I have had this particular item from many different Chinese restaurants and they all have looked the same - the rice LOOKED fried, the pork looked like pork.  When China Place delivered and I opened the quart, the rice looked boiled, not at all fried, and some of the rice was still pure white.  The meat did not look like pork, I don't know what the heck it was. It was stringy and grisly, and part of it had black spots, and there were peas here and there scattered in the carton.  Now here, s the best part. I found a hair.  A short black hair.  I have brown hair.  I took out some more rice and found a second hair and a third.  I called them and told them and they offered a credit.  I said that I do not want a credit from a place that serves hair in their food.  He said to bring it in and he would give a refund. I explained that I did not own a car which is why we chose delivery.  He said we don't have a driver to bring a refund. I said "Oh but you do have drivers available to bring out food with hairs in them!"  He refuses to give my money back unless I spend 2 hours on a bus there and 2 hiurs back, which costs $4.00 for a pass, to get back $6.75 plus tax.  Patrons beware!
4	Good place for lunch. I took a gamble with only having 30 minutes from sitting down to paying the check. My gamble paid off. The staff was quick to get my order and 10 minutes later my meal was in front of me.  I ordered the bo  bo chicken and it was great. A light garlic sauce with big chunks of chicken. I would recommend this place for a good quick lunch.
5	I love this place. I'm only about a 7 min drive down the road, but I'll pay the extra $2 for delivery so I don't have to leave my cozy, cool apartment and go out in the heat. I've ordered many times since I've moved this way in September 2013. I usually always order sweet and sour chicken. The large size. It always gives me enough for two meals. Two people can eat on one, and for $8 its a great deal. I haven't had any issues at all. My husband enjoys the chow mein and hasn't complained. They are usually pretty fast, but there are times where they aren't, but they are usually here when they say they will be. I've been very happy. I've tried another place similar, called Wongs (near 83rd and peoria area) but their sauce was weird. China Place is the closest to me, and great tasting. I've also called ahead to order and then picked up at the drive thru pickup window. Its been helpful when I have to go out or stop at the safeway there.
4	some of the best teriyaki chicken white rice crab puffs and iced tea ever created no joke!!! this place is a little expensive but very good food and very good people plus they have been in the same location forever so that is saying a heck of a lot for a restaurant.. drive thru and delivery options are great and convenience for the customers but it also is a classy sitdown restaurant what can i say i love this place lol
1	I'm surprised at how many people like this place.  Ordered food from them and after only a few bites me and my hubby where extremely disappointed and bummed out that we had spent money on this place. Our dogs however where very happy to get a special treat.  Guess it is back to the drawing board on a good Chinese place that delivers.
