4	It is what it is and it ain't what it ain't.If you've been to one subway then you've been to them all. What stands out from this one and the others is that its 24 hours, has a drive thru, shares space with Winchell's, and is well kept. After midnight only one person works here so expect some delay.Side note: anyone else feel weird ordering subway through the drive thru?
4	If there's one thing I'm a fan of, it's organizing points numerically. The second thing I am a fan of is irony, which is why this subway is great. A restaurant known for its healthy meals sharing a building with a Winchell's Doughnuts, priceless. In the 15 or 20 times I've been there, I've maybe seen someone order doughnuts twice, I can't help but feel for the neglected Winchell's employee. In my opinion, they should open another subway in place of the Winchell's, now THAT would be innovativebut I digress... The Subway is open 24 hours, and has a drive through. I enjoy the fact  that they keep things extremely clean and they are not stingy with portions. I should mention that they have dealt with some credit card fraud so they require ID when you use your card.Tell them Nathaniel sent you, it won't get you a discount, but it will do wonders for my ego.
4	I've been here a handful of times as it's right across the street from where I live.This is like most other Subways. Great sandwiches!This place has never been very busy. Always clean.Best of all it's open 24 hours a day!
5	this location rocks! everything tasted way fresher than other locations
3	Jared would be proud.  Turkey subs, wheat bread, healthy veggies, no condiments.  I love the concept of Subway.  I wish there was more consistency among the locations.The veggies at this location are usually fresh tasting.The employees are always friendly and helpful, some appear to have been there for a long time, some are new.There is an added benefit of this location sharing space with a donut shop.(sorry Jared, none for you.)The breads are delicious.The large subs for parties always taste great.However, that said, there are several things hurting at this location. 1) The meat other than the turkey always looks bad. Especially the roast beef which is a dark artificial looking brown.2) They don't have the white chocolate Raspberry cookies.3) They almost always mess up my order somehow causing delays.4) They are kind of sloppy making sandwiches and I watched tuna fall into another bin and they didn't do anything about it while I was there.  It was not very busy at the time.  Today when I was there it was busier and they were scrambling to keep up but it seemed neater.5) The chicken appears to have painted on grill marks.Overall it is a decent, healthier alternative to lunch and September is Subtember $5.00 footlongs so it is a value!.
1	I love subway. I used to be a manager at another location and I have to say this store employes by far the RUDIEST employee I've ever seen. She's a heavier set white woman and every time I go in this store she's impatient and just plain rude not only to me but my co workers notice it as well. she defiantly gives this store a bad look & if she worked at my store I would have already fired her! I will always go to subway just NEVER this location. Upper management should defiantly check into this.
2	Subway is the best.  However the rude non friendly people that work there need to go. This is the2nd time I have gone for dinner and the same service.  If you do not like people or like to be a little friendly you should not work with the public.  Ugh! I will chose a different subway next time.
1	I went in to buy a gift certificate. I was helped by a very disinterested kid.  He let me know that they are called gift cards.  I was not given the $5 coupon for buying a $25 gift card.    This is not the only rude Subway in Vegas.  The prices for the food is good,  but the service is awful.
3	You wouldn't believe how good a Subway sandwich tastes after 4 or 5 days of constantly eating in sit-down restaurants in Vegas.They work fast and use fresh ingredients.Not much to complain about.
1	There was meat on the cheese slices, onions mixed in with the other veggies.  Not your usual clean Subway.  I have been to Subways in third world countries that were cleaner than this place.The girl behind the counter was not friendly either.She barked at me when I entered the building.I love Subway, but will not be going back to this location.
3	Generic subway. Fresh ingredients, quick-ish service. Nothing that special. The sandwich artists seem miserable and not terribly friendly but when you're in a rush and need a five dollar foot long this is a great place to get a mediocre sandwich.
