3	I've been a patient of Dr. Sadlon for over a year now.  He's warm, friendly and open, but not too friendly nor touchy-feely like my last dentist (shudder!).  Sadlon is efficient, yet fun, too!  We rarely go beyond an hour w/ every dental service, except for the time I had a crown attached.  (Silly thing wouldn't fit...)  He's open to alternative methods and materials, should you ask him for options if you don't like the ones that are more commonly used.  Two points that bring this review down to only three stars:  It took two or three visits to have my latex allergy duly noted on my file (at least Touchy-Feely remembered before the very first procedure... he actually told his assistant to change the gloves before he sat down!), and, unless your mornings and early afternoons are always free, or you live near the office, it's hard to get appointments set up.  Last appointments are usually around 3p or 4p.---Updated rating down to 2 stars!Decided to take down my updated review on my own volition (and said goodbye to 4 "useful" ratings!), but I wanted to add that I did not feel comfortable nor satisfied with the quality of care I received from Dr. Sadlon just a few hours of my posting of the review above.  He commenced the cleaning of my teeth w/o the application of a numbing agent.  I was so uncomfortable, but thought to grin (pardon the pun) and bear it, but when I tasted blood, I posited "don't you normally numb the areas first?"  To which he replied that it wasn't standard procedure, but he'd do so if that was what I wished.  I now know, days later, that what I should've done was to end the office visit right there.  Instead, his office has made a profit from the cleaning, the cavity fill, and from a few more x-rays to "update" my file.  I wish this office success just bec. of the employees he has working for him, but I don't intend to return.
5	Had a horrible phobia until I went to Dr. Sadlon. I had not visited a dentist in 20 years. Needless to say I needed extensive work including veneers on my two front teeth. He did a wonderful job, I felt no pain as he is a wizard with the novacaine, including a tooth no one had been able to get numb.
5	As good as it gets.  Great service, no guilt trips, thorough cleaning and you go home with a cute little gift bag of nice floss, lip balm, toothpaste and toothbrush.
