4	I actually found this guy on Yelp.  I purchased some sandals last fall on sale, and unfortunately, I needed some extra holes punched in to them because they were hurting my feet.  I had tried to exchange them at the store, but because it had been so long, I was unable to do so.  I was encouraged by the store to find a local shoe store to just get holes punched into the straps to accomidate my situatation.So, I find this guy on Yelp.  I called in advance to see if he would be able to help me.  He said he could, and that he was open until 3.  So, I race over there, and he punched the holes in my sandals while I waited!  wooohoo! I was so grateful!He charged me 50 cents a whole, times 4 holes for a whole $2!  This is great! The store itself is small, but organized and rather clean.  They sell all kinds of shoe stuff, and do all kinds of repairs not only just to shoes, but luggage, zippers, etc.  He says he's been in business for 16 years now, and to keep coming back.  Good experience for something so simple and mondane.
4	i've used paul santos a couple of times. he is above average in his repairs and knowledge. paul repairs luggage and handbags in addition to shoe work.
4	So far, Paul has rescued countless pairs of shoes, two purses and three suitcases for me. His work is good, consistent. And, he is honest about what he can/can't do to fix your stuff. I think it pains him a bit to see how I sometimes love my shoes to death but he does his best to breathe some life back in to them. I appreciate that there are still craftsmen available who do what this guy does. Yes he can seem like a curmudgeon, but I respect his work and take his lectures with a grain of salt. (Yes, I do know I shouldn't wait until I've worn through the insoles before I bring my shoes in for repair, but I'm not going to change him anymore than he's going to change me.) It's worth it if I can get another year or two out of my favorite Cole Hahn or Donald Pliner or Kenneth Cole or oh I love shoes....
4	Took a pair of my shoes in to get the leather sewed back to the soles.  Great work at a cost of $30.  Took about 5 days.
4	This seems to be a one-man shop.  As the name says, he repairs shoes and luggage.  On this occasion we had a luggage handle fail.  It took about a week to get it back, but the handle has been reattached.  Appears to be very solid, and the price was quite reasonable.In dealing with customers he seems to be very no-nonsense.  Somewhat aloof and professional.  Which is fine.  He was direct and polite, and that's good enough.  I will be coming back here with any future shoe or luggage problems.He also does have a very limited selection of products for sale (e.g. shoe inserts).
5	Excellent al the way around! I disagree with the person who rated handbag repair low... It is true that this guy is not getting awarded with the Mr. Congeniality ribbon any time soon, but his work is excellent. I went in to have a leather bag altered (needed the strap shortened) and he did it in a week for $12. Excellent work, and I have no complaints with the timeline. I will go back for sure.
4	Paul is amazing. He's a no-nonsense kind of guy who just wants to get your items, find out what is wrong, and fix them. He's not chatty, but always has been cordial. He's fixed numerous shoes, resoled several, fixed a brand new pair of expensive leather boots that were attacked by pink shiny nailpolish, fixed a suitcase and repaired a tear in a leather coat. Wouldn't think of going anywhere else.
4	I had a purse repaired here and the work was done as discussed and finished when promised. I think my purse looks great - no one will ever know it was repaired. A good repair shop. Thank you!
