4	This place is in the Odell building, around the back near the atm machine. They have a large selection of deli style sandwiches, and you can also get one custom made. My personal favorite is the Balboa--a roast beef and horseradish sandwich on rustic bread. The chicken cutlet sandwiches are also good, with the cordon blue style my favorite of those. Lunch is pretty busy, and the ordering process is a bit awkward. You order at one end and give them your name, then everyone sort of congregates around the cash register at the other end while waiting for their name to be called. It works well enough, though, and the wait is usually no more than 5 minutes. They close at 3pm. Overall it's a nice place for a quick, quality, deli-style sandwich.
3	Nothing wrong with this joint, just nothing to it either.  Very limited inside seating but the plaza right outside works if the weather is decent.  Otherwise you might as well get something to go.  My assumption is that most people that eat here obviously work in the building.  I don't think people are driving in or walking down Tryon to get to this place....hahaha.I'm not knocking their food, actually it's pretty good.  They have a few great selections and I've never really had anything bad.  Ok, scratch that, their coffee stinks....lol.They are only open during breakfast and lunch.  Not sure when they close down but I know at 5pm they aren't open.Service is strange, I can only describe as passive aggressive style service.  It's like I know they don't want to serve me but they do it anyway.  I try to joke around with the people that work there considering I'm there often but I feel like they really don't want the interaction....:(If you work in the Odell building...eat here....if you don't.....keep it movin'
4	Had several sammiches here, and can't complain about one of them.  It's obvious they use quality (Boar's Head, I believe) meats and cheeses in the sammiches, and the menu is a shmorgasboard of creatively constructed sammich creations.  They definitely aren't shy about layering the meats thick, either.  Service has never been overly friendly, and many times outright rude.  I won't let that deter me from enjoying a quality deli sammich though, especially since this place isn't a sit down table side service deli anyways.  If you can put up with rude service for 30 seconds, you're golden!
2	This place has some wonderful sandwiches. I work in the building next door so I frequent most of the dowtown (or as they call it uptown) establishments during the week.  They offer Boar's Head and normally offer a daily or weekly special.  This place gets a 2 b/c they have the worst customer service, the unfriendliest staff, and got a 94.5 on cleaniness rating. Although the sandwiches are good its not worth having some lady bark at you for your order before you can even see the menu.  They need to hire some people that can smile.
4	This is one of my ideal lunch spots even though it's the longest walk away. With a simplistic concept and an efficient assembly line, The Sandwich Club is perfect for on-the-go sandwiches. A sandwich + chips might cost you up to $10 so don't be alarmed when you hit the register. Moreover, the chips, parfaits, drinks, and cookies will surely tempt you while you wait in line. How strategic of them.The kicker at this joint is the customization that's available to you. It's like Starbucks, but for sandwiches. You could have your 'wich any way you like. The menu isn't restricting. They have several different mustards, toppings, and spreads. And they load the meat on the bread - like a real deli! The quality of the fillings are of a high quality too, that's for sure. Everything tastes fresh and the bread just barely holds the filling. I like #27, their signature Sandwich Club, which includes BLT + Chicken Salad. I add dijon. It's a pretty filling order and I'd say a good 800 calories after licking up the remaining crumbs. If you're into gorging at lunch time, they have a number of "cutlet" sandwiches which are basically fried filets of chicken in sandwich form. Chicken Parm and Popeye's are pretty delicioso. I don't see the need to comment on service since it's not a sit down place. Plus at lunch time, these people are working hard, I'm always going to cut them some slack. After all, they're running a business, not a meet n' greet. Yet another strictly sandwich deli for you to try out :)4/5
