4	New as of two days ago. This Basha's is larger than the usual store and is being billed as a cross between a basic Basha's and A.J.s. It is different in that the bakery, produce and butcher are all on the same side of the store. It also has a food court with I think, Italian, Mongolian BBQ, sandwiches and perhaps more, I am not sure. It I believe also stated it has wider isles, can't prove by my fat ass. This store so far has everything I want in a store. Well almost, I want fabulous looking and this place looks like a warehouse to me. I do not find it attractive at all. As for employees, well mixed review on this front. Yesterday we went in and asked about purchasing a 20lb prime rib on Sunday. The butcher said to us, if we come in Sunday we can get a better price on it, it might be $7.99 a pound or even $6.99 if we talk to him. It was listed at $9.99 a pound at the time. Ok so I decided that it was what I wanted and went back today to order it for pickup on Sunday evening. I went up to him and mentioned I am ready to order it, he lead me over to another guy saying he will take your order I won't be here Sunday. Ok fine, he takes my order and said it is $7.99 and I mention that the other butcher said it might be $6.99, he looks at me like I am nuts and said no. So I can only assume the other butcher was jerking my chain since he was not really going to be there on Sunday as he said he would be when I came in to get it. But other than that very nice employees.
5	If you read my first review of this store you would know I was planning on ordering a prime rib. Well I did on Friday for Sunday evening pickup along with 21 twice cooked baked potato's. When ordering I noticed there was something wrong with the guy taking the order, I later learned he was have an allergic reaction to something. When I get there on Sunday to pick up my order the butcher there was cleaning up for closing time and I tell him why I am there. He looks all over the place and can not find the order or evidence of one ever being made. So he with a smile and great attitude made up what we needed and got it to us quite quickly. This Butchers name I believe is Ed Peet, could be wrong about that but I think I am right. So basically this review is about him, his great service and fantastic representation of his employer. Indeed five star service. Oh and considering what was going on with the butcher who took the original order I can understand how it got forgotten. The poor guy looked pretty bad.
2	The entire time I was shopping at the new Basha's, I wished I was at Safeway ... or even Albertson's. The Safeway I usually shop at (located at Estrella Parkway and Van Buren) feels so much more decadent. I apologize for being vague, but I can't quite put my finger on it. I must sound ridiculous going on and on about a grocery store. Basha's had a cold, stark feeling. The flow felt off - liquor right next to produce? I know a few of my friends have been looking forward to this Basha's since they have a kiddie drop-off area. Fortunately, I usually have the luxury of shopping alone. Plus, I also worry about the kiddie drop-off being a total germ-fest. I guess when I go grocery shopping and spend more than $100 at a time, I want to feel like I had a lovely retail experience ... not that grocery shopping needs to feel like shoe shopping ... but it helps!
5	I really like this Bashas......their food court inside is wonderful & cheap. I got two pieces of fried chicken ( breast & leg ) 2 sides,biscuit, and a drink for $5 and it was sooooo goooood
4	Clean quiet sales are ok and they make it difficult to coupon.  But other than that I like Basha' s
5	I swear I just had one if the best slices of pizza ever. Wish I knew when the lady usually worked. I've had a slice at another bashas before and it wasn't even good!
4	Ok so a 4.5 for this Bashas. They have pretty good food court with some pretty good biscuits and gravy in the morning.  There's one lady employee in the deli food court area in the am who is pretty rude.  Thus only 4.5.  Some things you can find way cheaper at other stores but their deli meats, bakery, and meat section are very good.  If you friend them on Facebook you can see the weekly add on Tuesday.
5	I must say....over the last two years coming here I have grown to treat this store almost like a second home. Living across the street makes it super convenient. But alas I am going to miss this place.This bashas is closing some time early next year. We are getting a feed store.....yes a feed store in place of a pebble creek community anchor, bashas. I know the fte 's on a first name basis. Shopping at bashas isn't about the cheapest price, I'd go to the Walmart for that .....its about supporting a local business and keeping your money in Arizona. The produce is always fresh. The breakfast burritos and doughnuts are top notch and you can't beat the value. They have the best pizza around for under $9. I am going to miss this place.
