2	I was not impressed by the food; however, I was very impressed with the fun decor. They have done a great job with the ceiling tiles! Lots of color, lots of fun scenes of utensils or animals and clouds...fun table settings and accessories. The atmosphere is very colorful and will possibly overload your senses. The food was less than good and frankly, disappointed us. I had heard good things about this place and was eager to see how vegetarian-friendly it was. They do offer veggie friendly entrees, but it is by no means a vegetarian establishment. They LOVE their sausages and bacon! I wanted to try something Southern, so I tried the grits and biscuits (thinking they are their signature items). Coming from the West, grits are very foreign to me. Their grits were thick and tasted like they were made with sour cream. I was not a fan. When I think biscuits, I think "plain, nothing fancy." Their biscuits have crystallized sugar on top. I know I highlighted two items, but we ordered more. I'm not going to review everything, since it was so disappointing and didn't make us feel good (not that we felt bad, but when I eat, I like to feel good about it). Since it was the opening weekend, I expected high energy and enthusiasm. The server was great, but the manager or whoever that stopped by to check on us wasn't what I had expected for a grand opening. Not friendly, but not not friendly...just checking on us. So, sad to say, this is not a stop we'll be making again.
2	I am drafting this review as I sit at a table of six, enjoying fresh O.J. and the Awake blend of Tazo tea.  The atmosphere is perfect for a hungover Saturday, but we had been sitting for 20 minutes before we were asked for our order.  Forty-five minutes later, no sign of our food.  And the waitress is oddly quiet.
5	A few years ago, we visited Atlanta, discovered the Flying Biscuit Cafe, and had brunch there.  It was fantastic!  When I heard that Charlotte was getting one, I was very excited at the possibilities.  It opened in the Stonecrest Plaza (a bit of a drive for us) and it was...just okay.  The location was very cramped and didn't have much in the way of atmosphere.  Upon learning that a new one was opening in the Park Road Shopping Center, I was excited again, but hesitant.  Having recently dined there for breakfast, I can positively say that this time they got it right.  The restaurant is much larger, open, and provides a welcoming atmosphere.  Their front window is a large glass garage door; I can't wait until summer gets here so they can open it and turn the entire restaurant into an open-air place.  There's even outdoor seating in the back!  On the weekend, I would advise getting there EARLY.  We got there at 8:30 a.m. on a Sunday morning and were seated right away.  We were surprised at the number of diners already there that early.  By 9:00, the place was totally packed and there were people waiting outside for a table.  Wow.  Business is GOOD.  We both ordered the Piedmont Omelette.  It was very tasty and hearty with chicken sausage, turkey bacon, onions, and cheese.  YUM!  The "moon-dusted" potatoes that accompanied my omelette had a lot of flavor, too (I substituted the potatoes for the grits that traditionally come with every breakfast).  We're very excited to have a breakfast place in Charlotte that opens EARLY on the weekends instead of at 10:00 or 11:00 a.m.   This particular Flying Biscuit Cafe offers a great atmosphere and delicious food for the value-conscious.  There are also many vegetarian/organic food options.  p.s. I'd be remiss not to mention how fluffy, big, and tasty the biscuit is that comes with their breakfasts!
4	Flying Biscuit.  Not fast enough.  We arrived peak hours, on a Sunday afternoon, with a party of about 10.  We were seated pretty quickly, considering the crowd loitering around outside and our size.  But our service was less than par.  We had at least three of the managers come serve us our beverages, while we baked in the heat of the sun (although we did request an outside seat).  And our server took too long, to take our drink orders and then to take our food orders.Other than service, the food was delicious.  I was thoroughly surprised by the sweet biscuits.  And then, topped with chicken sausage gravy, this added a completely new spin on the meaning of biscuits and gravy.  Not my favorite, but definitely interesting.  And the best of all, those creamy, dreamy grits!  Who can forget such a delectable treat!  Although, they said there was cheese mixed in, it was not nearly enough for my satisfaction.Definitely will be a repeat, unless the service continues to be slower than molasses.
4	Loved it!  Stopped by to pick up lunch to go with my daughter.  While I was perusing the menu through the window, a busboy stepped outside to hand me a takeout menu.  How nice!  I settled on the chicken club wrap.  It was served with the most amazing diced potatoes and a huge biscuit.  All for $8.  I shared it with my daughter and still had half a sandwich left to eat today for leftovers.  I also ordered an iced chai.  It was not so good... a little watered down, but not so bad that I had them make me another.  Next time I will just stick with a sweet tea.  I plan to bring all the kiddos here for breakfast - the breakfast menu looked amazing.  So excited to have this fun, fast, yummy restaurant close by!
3	This Flying Biscuit was a bit difficult for our group to find in the shopping center.When we arrived we saw that there was already a line outside.  Luckily we were able to bypass the waste by sitting at the little (coffee) bar that they have.My friends said that they had great coffee but that may have just been the hangover talking.I ordered the Cajun Chicken Scramble with an extra couple of their famous biscuits.  The scramble had egg, cajun-seasoned chicken, goat cheese, onions, and sun dried tomatoes with a warm cajun tomato sauce.  It was ok.  With all of those good flavorful ingredients I expected a LOT more flavor.  There was very little goat cheese mixed in and those bites were my favorite.  It didn't help that I feel like my order was sitting in "the window" for a few minutes too long.The biscuits are very good.  BIG.  Fluffy on the inside with a nice outer crust.  I really liked the cranberry apple spread.  It had an excellent bite and wasn't super sweet.Our sever was very pleasant and took very good care of us.The inside of the restaurant is so bright and has a cheery feeling that was perfect on our raining Monday morning.The service, the biscuits, and the ambiance got Flying Biscuit to 3 stars because my entree was just really disappointing.
4	Went there Sunday for breakfast at 10:30AM and there was a line for a table but we went straight to the counter and got seating there immediately.  The two of us shared a fantastic crazy breakfast (I hate normal breakfast food) of the spinach pasta dish.  It was a crazy mix of penne pasta, cooked fresh spinach, cheese and spicy sausage - SOOOO GOOD!!!  Came with huge biscuit with applebutter and fab grits.  We shared and were charged a small splitting fee (I think it was two dollars) and they gave us an extra biscuit so we didnt have to split that.  More than enough food - we could barely finish our meals.  The waitstaff is young and unattentive (had to ask for refills on coffee and the check).  But the food is worth it!!!
1	Huge disappointment. -Service was realllllly slow. Overall it was a 1.5 hour breakfast for 2 people once we were seated. We waited over 15 minutes my credit card back after giving it to the waitress and eventually went inside to find it. I think this is partly due to being understaffed. -We sat outside and they leave their maple syrup on the tables. Bees were EVERYWHERE. The hostesses were swatting them and spraying them with whatever they clean the tables with.-The biscuits are terrible. I would think if you have "biscuit" in your name and they are included with every meal they would be decent. They are dry and flour-y with sugar sprinkled on top. Any fast food restaurant has better biscuits.The blueberry pancakes were pretty good as were the grits, but in the end it wasn't worth the wait and hassle.
4	Ordered Southern Scramble... delicious!! Who'd a thunk collards, eggs and cheese go together? Grits were wonderful. Consider myself a connoisseur of grits. These are the "slow cooked w milk" variety. Yummm! My wife got the Egg-Stravaganza. French toast was out of this world good. Cooked perfectly w exactly the right amount of rasperry compote. Only knock on the whole experience was the service. Took forever to get our order taken, my ice tea was never refilled and the butter for my biscuit never showed up. Overall, still a "do over"!
2	Do not go during lunch. The waitress spent all of her time on one table and left the other ones out to dry. The food was room temperature and the potatoes were cold. The services was the worst service that I have had in a long time. I will not eat there again.
3	Having never been to Flying Biscuit for anything other than breakfast, we decided to go for dinner this past weekend to see what else was on the organic/vegetarian menu.  It wasn't very crowded, and by the end of the meal, we could tell why.  The food was okay, but nothing to write home about.  I ordered the Fried Green Tomato BLT sandwich.  It sounded yummy!  What it was was three thin half dollar-sized slices of tomato on a rather bland hamburger bun.  I really didn't taste much of anything other than the bun and a smidge of goat cheese.  The cashew-jalapeno relish was delicious, but it all fell off.  It really should have featured at least a couple of big chunky tomato slices.  My partner's "flat iron steak grilled to medium rare"  included with his Steak and Eggs was pretty small and pretty medium well.  I guess we'll stick to breakfast time only at Flying Biscuit.  Maybe that's why they serve breakfast all day?
4	Stopped by this morning for breakfast. Place was very slow, but considering it was after the weekday breakfast rush, it's understandable. I'm sure it's packed on the weekend. Ordered the High Flyer, which came with eggs, chicken sausage, grits and a biscuit. Also came with an oatmeal pancake on the side. Was surprised by the food. All this for $8.75...great price I thought. Grits were AWESOME and the biscuit was warm and soft. The pancake was a little dense for me, but had a good flavor in the couple bites I had. Service was attentive and cheerful. All and all a great meal and I recommend the joint.
4	My husband and I had only been to the Flying Biscuit Cafe once before for breakfast, so we decided to try out their dinner options this time around.  There were several meals on the menu that sounded tasty but I ended up with the turkey meatloaf over pudge (their word for mashed potatoes) with macaroni and cheese.  All dinner entrees come with a choice of soup or salad and I ended up with the salad.  It was the most basic salad I've ever had at a restaurant.  It was a plate covered in nothing but a spring mix of lettuce.  If you're the type of person that needs lots of toppings to make a salad palatable you might not want to order the salad.  It came out with one biscuit with a small serving of cranberry apple butter.  I'm not usually a huge fan of cranberry but the apple butter was delightful on the biscuit.  My husband had the soup of the day which was some kind of tomato basil soup.  We thought it was good, but he described it as tasting like plain pasta sauce.  My meatloaf entree was amazing!  I was a little apprehensive ordering turkey meatloaf because that just sounds strange to me, but if I didn't already know it was turkey I would've assumed it was beef.  It was served on top of the mashed potatoes and had cheddar cheese and a chunky tomato sauce covering it.  Yum!  The macaroni and cheese was extra yummy too.  My husband ordered the turkey pot roast which had a description on the menu that sounded delicious but it turned out to be just ok.  Also the serving size was quite large and I had enough leftovers for almost two more meals!On the down side the service was extremely slow.  There were only a handful of other diners while we were there so there didn't seem to be a reason for the delay.  We ordered the chocolate chip cupcake for dessert (not just because I'm a total glutton, we had to reach a $35 total to use a coupon) and it took longer for them to bring that out than it did our entrees.  Although the dessert was chocolate and we continued to devour the whole thing, it really wasn't worth the 15 minute wait.The last note I want to include (since I told my husband I would) is they do have splenda available on the table, albeit in a small quantity.
4	Awesome twist on southern breakfast food!  Nothing on the menu was fried (from what we could tell) and they used turkey instead of pork products.  The food was excellent and the service was the same.  I cant remember what they called my dish, but it was supposed to be cajun (or something spicy), and it didnt quite have as much kick as I would have liked.  My wife had the biscuits and gravy and it was amazing!  Definitely a great place to eat!
5	oh my. this place reminded me of our favorite brunch spot in San Fran. Let's start with the truly delicious cranberry apple butter and biscuit. The biscuit was big, fluffy and so good! The spread was fruity, a bit tangy and also surprising. I ordered the Turkey Hash. (i just had to take a moment when remembering how life-changing this was). It was melted cheese over scrambled eggs over turkey roast over rosemary potatoes. holy kanoli - I want to go back. I maybe might have a new goal to find something equivalent in Houston. The service was good, the environment was very laid back and the prices were great. My turkey hash was $9. My friend ordered the eggseptional eggs on black bean cakes. Hers was also very tasty. very, very impressed with this find and so glad my friend took me here.
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!  The first time we stepped foot into Flying Biscuit was in Atlanta.  Whenever we visit our friend in ATL we would always go to the Midtown location.  We'd get there around 8:00am, put in our name down, and wait...45min - 1hr later we'd get seated.  It was always totally worth the wait! Now Charlotte has 2 locations!  If you get there after 8-9am on the weekends, you will definitely have to wait, maybe 15-30 min.  I love the eclectic menu.  They have some traditional items (steak and eggs, omlettes, and biscuits and gravy) and some fun nontraditional ones (black bean cakes, scrambled tofu, and orange scented french toast).  Obviously, they are known for their biscuits.  They are not like the normal flakey buttery biscuits you may be used to.  They have a scone-like consistency, solid and firm on the outside and soft on the inside.  The cranberry apple butter is to die for.  It's sweet yet tangy! YUMMY!  I was never a fan of grits until I tried them there.  They are the creamiest grits in the world!  Now every time I go out for breakfast somewhere else, I always want to get grits, but it's never ever as good as FB.  So I stopped trying them at other places.  Sorry other breakfast guys...Flying Biscuit has the BEST grits EVER!The only reason I gave 4 not 5 stars is the service.  The Park Rd location has extremely slow service.  Every other time we go the service is so slow, even when they are not busy.  I took my family there for breakfast and we got seated before 2 other tables around us.  The other tables had their drinks and appetizer orders before we were even greeted by our waitress.  We complained and the manager gave us a complimentary fried green tomato appetizer (which was really good).  Hopefully they will work on it.
4	This morning I decided to stop by the Flying Biscuit in the Park Rd shopping plaza for some brunch.  When entering, I immediately loved the decor...bright colors, some nice displays, old style pottery with sugar cubes at each table.  The waitress was extremely friendly and was extremely efficient.   The menu options were diverse and simple at the same time.  I ordered a grilled chicken wrap with 'moon dusted' potatoes.  Both items were delicious-- the rosemary and spices on the potatoes gave them a very unique and wonderful flavor.  Overall I was very pleased with the amount of food for the price, the atmosphere, and the taste of my brunch.  I would definitely go back to sample some of the other dishes!
4	Some friends from out of town were visiting for the weekend and one of their special requests was a good breakfast place, so we brought them here.  At first glance over the menu I was a little nervous there wouldn't be enough variety for our group but I was relieved when everyone found something that appealed to them.  I ordered the sausage gravy and eggs and it was amazing!  The sausage gravy was just right, not too runny but not too thick, and packed with flavor.  It was served over an egg (cooked however you like) on top of a split biscuit.  Yum!  The meal comes with a side of grits but I got potatoes instead which weren't all that great.  The hubby ordered the cajun chicken omelet which was also quite tasty.The service was a little on the slow side but it was extremely busy when we were there.  This might be my new favorite breakfast place in Charlotte.
4	So my husband and I are vegetarian; my parents are not.  We are always on the lookout for places we can all eat together and be happy.  Flying Biscuit, with one location near my house and my dad's office (Park Rd.) and one location near my parents' house (Ballantyne), has thus far fit the bill.  It gets two stars just for achieving that feat alone.It gets another star for the wide variety of its menu, which includes all-day breakfast foods (all of which look pretty great) and plenty of veg-friendly options.It gets a fourth star because when I ate there, I was served pretty decent food.  I ordered the black bean quesadilla, which was gigantic and melty and beany and covered with a really delicious chipotle sauce.I'm eager to dive into their breakfast menu next time I visit; the range of options alone gives me great hope.I do not, however, believe that I'll be a regular here, maybe because it's a little too... commercial-y?  It tries desperately to affect a whimsical, authentic decor, but it's all a little too shiny for my taste, and underneath the whimsy, I detect the movements of a business desperate for more franchises.Not that that's always bad.  But, you know.
4	YUM!  Definitely a great atmosphere and fun decorations!  In a strip mall and somewhat hard to find, but deliciousness ensues once inside!  I've only gone during not so busy times, but the service is great!  Great, delicious vegan options as well! Try the Vegan BBQ burrito!  It's a little bit of heaven in a nice tortilla wrap!  I would recommend this place to anyone looking to soliciting their friends to Charlotte!  Awesome and trendy come to mind!!!  The wait staff have been very friendly and in fun moods and willing to offer legitimate suggestions, which is always a good meal experience for me!  They also off an extensive menu that includes dinner entrees and boast a menu with breakfast all day, so all you brinner people have a great lil haven in Charlotte!!! :)
1	Although the menu advertises "southern" food there is no way these recipes are southern. If you like your biscuits really really dense with sugar on top and chicken gravy spread over them then you'll enjoy this oxymoron mix. Have never experienced in the south such a mixture of sugar and gravy. The chicken gravy was delicious but wasted on those biscuits. Also pay CLOSE attention to descriptions of their food. When they state creamy dreamy grits they really meant cream of wheat. So NOT southern. Guess their overall national success is based on the claim of southern and not the reality. Service was good and friendly. No wait on a Friday evening. Eclectic environment. Prices are reasonable based on serving size if you enjoy their idea of southern. Overall ashamed that people from other areas of the nation will consider this menu southern.Before submitting this review did some research and found that Delia Champion founder and creator of those recipes grew up in New Jersey. If you want to try authentic southern food, visit Jestine's Kitchen in Charleston. So good there are no words.
4	My coworkers brought me out here for brunch one Friday morning.  Man.. was I pleased with their choice.  This place ROCKED!!  The menu including about 50 different omelets, and they allowed me to mix and match any of their sides.  I heard the creamy dreamy grits are to die for, but I got the home fried potatoes and was far from disappointed with the decision.  The biscuit was the best part (it better be, its in the title).  It also comes with a side of apple butter that I devoured.   I got the Piedmont Omelete and it was HUGE and scrumptious  The only negative side is that the wait can be crazy.  That's a good sign though, right?  I came back the very next day to bring the Mrs there and it was an hour wait at 11am.  Yikes!  i would definitely suggest giving this place a try during some off hours.  Enjoy!-Ian M.
3	Friendly service, good food, using some healthy alternative ingredients.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place.  This has probably been my 10th time eating at the Flying Biscuit.  The first one I ever went to was in Atlanta in Midtown.  I'm glad they branched out to Charlotte a few years back.  I seriously can't find anything I don't like on the menu.  The Roasted Hummus Wrap is to die for.  You also get those "moon-dusted" potatoes as your side with that yummy fresh Biscuit and that apple butter.  YUM.  On this recent visit I got the Veggie Omelette with a side of fruit, and of course the yummy biscuit. The Flying Biscuit is very different than other restaurants and has its own distinct feel.  This location on Park Rd is my favorite because it is a Huge Space.  The other Flying Biscuit locations are very small, and when there busy (which tends to be often) you usually have to wait forever to get seated.  The Park Rd location also has a huge patio in the back, and also a small patio in the front for extra seating when its warm.  If you haven't ate at the Flying Biscuit I definitely recommend going.  You won't regret it.
3	Went to this place for an early dinner (4pm) yesterday and had a nice experience. Our waitress was very cheerful and attentive, and the decor is comfy while being bright :)We split the black bean cakes w/ feta, onions and tomatillo sauce and they were ok - the patties are not cooked in any way, which I wasn't expecting.I ordered the Fried Green Tomato BLT with a side salad and it was very good. I did have to ask for some of their Red Pepper Aioli sauce to add some ZING to my sandwich but the side salad's balsamic was one of the best I've ever had! My friend got the shrimp quesadilla and it didn't look impressive to me, but he said it was good.Overall, I'd go back to try a biscuit at least! :)
3	This is a cute place, kitschy almost. That diner/down on the farm decor.  We came at an odd time, like 3 in the afternoon, and there were quite a few people there.  I was craving pancakes, so yay for breakfast all day!  The coffee was decent, nothing to write home about but not sludge.  My blueberry pancakes were on the sweet side as pancakes go.  Another nice thing was the advertised availability of local and natural offerings.Biscuits were... kind of hard.  That spoiled the mood a bit.  Considering the place is named for them.  Guess at an off time, we got off biscuits.
5	I had heard of the Flying Biscuit but always thought it was a "biscuitville" kind of place.  Finally I heard a bunch of comments about it from different people all in a short span of  time and decided to give it a try when my brother and his girlfriend was in town.  I was pleasantly surprised.  I loved the decor and the overall feel of the place.  The menu was extensive and the service was super friendly.  I had the fried green tomatoes with jalapeno cashew relish and goat cheese.  Wow!  Delish!  I also had a side of creamy dreamy grits.  I eat grits a lot at home and I just didn't know grits could be that good.  My brother and his girlfriend both thoroughly enjoyed their meals as well.  I'll definitely visit again!
5	I went here for breakfast and loved every second of it- only wish there was a Flying Biscuit in Boston!  I got the High Flyer breakfast which was way too much food, but a great mix of everything.  The grits were probably the best I've ever had, and I didn't leave one bite behind- they were creamy & delicious. The oatmeal pancake with peach compote & the biscuit which had just a little bit of sugar on top, were equally good.  Knowing I wouldn't be able to eat all of that food, I left the eggs behind since I figured I could get those anywhere!  Cute space, open floor plan, friendly service, reasonable prices.  If I had to dock points for anything it would be that they're located in a strip mall which is a little less appealing, but for food this good who gives a flying biscuit?!
4	A great add for Park Road Shopping Center. Free coffee on Sunday while you wait in the brunch line. Pretty good service. There is a patio for nice days, though not much of a view. The food is great... still not sure why the biscuits are the signature 'thing' but otherwise the menu is solid. Now they need to take one Uptown!
4	Great food!  Their menu offers your good ole country food and also a lot of healthy food!  It's a win-win for everyone!  I went for lunch and had their Devils Burger (veggie burger with spicy stuff) and it was delish!  Also, their biscuits are comparable to the famous LoveLess Cafe in Nashville, TN!
4	LOVE this place! Food is great especially the grits. Creamy and buttery. I've been here several times and each time there was always at least a 20 minute wait. Crowded entry way so you'll find yourself either crammed in there like sardines or outside hanging out. I highly recommend the sausage gravy with eggs over biscuits.
3	I come from a long line of breakfast lovers and inkeepers, so I am always on the hunt for a fulfilling, delicious, fresh breakfast. Honestly I'm always trying to find a replacement for my beloved Hobee's  in the SF Bay Area, with no avail.  Well Flying Biscuit is certainly popular in the QC and has a large number of tables.  As someone else put, it has a colorful and fun interior. The menu has several egg options but for some reason or another I really only saw 1 or 2 I would eat. One time the veggie scramble was awesome, the last time it had a funky taste. Their Shrimp & Grits was 5/5 awesome because their "creamy dreamy grits" are appropriately named. I ate myself sick in fact. The first time I went I was so excited to see organic oatmeal pancakes with peaches, as I always make it a tradition to have Cracker Barrel's freestone peach pancakes after triathlons and I always try and eat organic. Alas, they were such a disappointment and I had to scrape off the nasty peaches. The Stud didn't believe me until he tried it.   That said, they totally redeemed themselves with their chocolate chip pancakes that are to DIE for- 5/5 perfectly fluffy but with a nice hard edge to them (trust me). Wow.  Their "signature" chicken sausage is really disappointing. We have Aidell's Chicken Apple sausage from Costco every weekend and Flying Biscuits' sausage can't even come close to comparing. Dry and meh.Here's the confusing part- the biscuits, after which the restaurant is named is not the best part of the meal. They are indeed a bit hard (even at peak times) and they have a nice flavor but are definitely not soaked in lard so they tend to be a bit dry. They seem NOT to be southern style which is odd.   Eh?Coffee is OK, OJ is OK, peach nectar is delish.Service is average.  So as you can see, some things are GREAT, and some things are meh.  To people that don't have such high breakfast standards, it's probably great. To me, the search continues...Tip: Check in on Foursquare and get free OJ or dessert.
4	I'm into flying biscuit.  The tasty breakfast I had hit the spot and I can't wait to go back.  I enjoyed the Meggsxican wrap and a side of grits.  The meal also came with a fluffy biscuit and same cranberry apple butter.  Service was good, even though we had a large party.  The decor is very bright and cheery.  They have a nice patio out back which I highly recommend.  For most of the breakfast dishes you'll end up paying about $8-10.  Pretty reasonable for deliciousness.
4	Great for brunch. I had the chicken sandwich and it was quite good. Biscuits are awesome. Others were raving about the Mexican wrap.After repeated visits, the Chicken Club wrap is really tasty.  Good for takeout, too.
3	The interior of the Flying Biscuit looks like the daycare ran short on people to monitor the rugrats.  That is not necessarily a bad thing - but it is not for the faint of heart or people who like everything in shades of beige.  Plenty of color and loads of stuff all about.  Mind you, these are not tchotchkes you find at Chili's or decent replicas from Cracker Barrel either.  This is yard sale variety: The Good stuff.Staff at the Biscuit is really nice, which is awesome because the food needs serious work.  Even the namesake biscuits are bad.  Very bad.  You might think they fly because they are light and fluffy.  More likely they fly when people throw them back towards the kitchen for being rock hard.  You know those steakhouses that have peanut shells on the floor?  I would not be surprised to see biscuit remnants on the floor one day if I walked in here.  Now the nice staff will bring you a "fresh" batch, but they usually are not much better than the first one.Other items on the menu are generally decent, but not a ton better.  The one item that really stands out are their grits.  They are not your traditional stone-ground grits that get stuck in your teeth, but they are definitely worth checking out since they are so creamy and delish.  I could drink them for the better part of the day.  Yes, drink.  They are not stiff grits, but they are yummy.  Then again, it could just be to get the taste of the crusty biscuit out of my mouth.
4	Honestly who knew the Flying Biscuit had booze?  Awesome, what a bonus! The grits at Flying Biscuit are fantastic, they are creamy, dreamy delciousness, perfectly salted and loaded with fat. What more could a girl ask for? A great little neighborhood spot with an outdoor patio too!
5	We were looking for a handy family dinner place after swimming and the kids wanted "breakfast food" so we thought, why not Flying Biscuit for dinner?We usually go to the one in Stonecrest but decided to go here since it was closer. Easy parking, no wait, place was about 1/2 full early Saturday evening. Vibe is similar to the other one, bright colors, diner-like atmosphere. However, this one has really bright lighting. Kids all ordered choco milk and chocolate chip pancakes (more on this later). Both the wife and I ordered variations on the green tomato BLT - I had the sandwich, she had the salad. We also ordered the soup of the day - tomato basil bisque. Soup was rock star good - not sure if it was the soup, the cold day, swimming or all of the above, but we devoured it! In fact, it was so good our younger son got his own bowl! Of course, the soup comes with the trademark biscuits with apple butter (which makes them for me!). When the chocolate chip pancakes arrived they were HUGE portions! These were not the kid size but the full adult size portions. We figured it was a mistake but figured it would make for a good dogie bag for tomorrow. The green tomato BLTs were very tasty, in particular the jalepeno-cashew relish that comes on top! The combo of turkey bacon, the relish, fried green tomato and goat cheese is very unusual but balanced. While we were eating the manager came by and asked about us, mentioned the pancake thing, which we said was no big deal. We then got to talking to Brandon, who also works there. Very friendly, nice guy and we mentioned our daughter had just had her birthday. . . before you know it Brandon had ordered us a birthday brownie sunday for our table! It was also very good - dark chocolate and cream cheese brownie with ice cream, whipped cream, the whole nine yards. . . We were pleasantly surprised to say the least!When the check arrived not only was the brownie comped, but all of our pancake orders had been reduced to kids orders!! So basically we got free desert and breakfast for three for the next day on the house. Pretty exceptional service by any standard!Overall, we already liked Flying Biscuit but this sold us as devoted customers!
3	When I walked in for yelpy hour the first thing that popped up in my head was how unique the decor was! The place looks like someone couldn't decide on a color scheme and just mash in as many colors that would fit into a space.   I only tried the shrimp and grits, and biscuits with apple cranberry butter. On the first spoon of grits I was in love, such creamy grits with a perfect amount of seasoning! As for the biscuit I was not much of a fan as it was very hard and unappetizing. I ended up using it to scoop up the delicious apple cranberry butter.   Hopefully next time I try this place the biscuits will be better, which they should be since they're in the name.
3	Good food - very prompt service - wide variety on the menu - food is just ok, but the staff is very friendly and very accomodating - give it a try, you might see some things you like
4	Cozy little cafe in Park Road Shopping Plaza. Our waitress was awesome with our 16 month old... Even though he threw most of his food on the floor. The turkey meatloaf is loaded with flavor and the green beans were tasty. Ironically, the only thing that i found to be sub-par was the namesake... The biscuits. They were bland and didn't seem to be fresh made. Planning on going back again, especially on Wednesday nights for kid's night!
4	Solid 4 stars goes to the Flying Biscuit Cafe.  Yes most of their items on their menu is a good bet for breakfast/brunch/lunch... but I think my favorite time to go is dinner.  1)  The place is not as busy and crazy and 2) who doesn't like breakfast for dinner??!!??  It's practically a staple at my house (especially when I moved out of my folks place and the main thing I knew how to cook were eggs).I REALLY like the art on the walls.  I recognized a large piece from a local artist and I am sure most of the other pieces are probably local as well.  Good to promote the local art scene and makes for good breakfast for dinner conversation.Everything I have tried thus far has been super delicious and well cooked.  It also helps that the items won't hurt the wallet/purse as bad - very comparable to other breakfast spots around town.  Bottom line:  watch out for weekend crowds, but this place is golden.
5	Yes, it's a chain. You wouldn't know it, though, except that the ceiling tiles are screen printed instead of hand painted with winged biscuits and other such culinary literalisms. For some reason, that element makes the Charlotte locations smell of franchise. Otherwise, the interiors do a decent job pushing the pretense that the restaurant is in a converted bungalow near those of the original Biscuit in Atlanta's Candler Park, or that it is a hometown diner that has been there for years instead of doing business in Charlotte's newer and oldest shopping centers.Lines form on weekend mornings with people salivating over the breakfast served all day on Fiestaware, especially the biscuits sprinkled with sugar and served with homemade cranberry apple butter. And those grits. Those creamy, dreamy grits that made this lifelong grits detester see the light at the end of the hominyless tunnel. Grits can and should be made with heavy cream. If they aren't, they aren't worth eating.Lunch and dinner options are as tasty as those from the breakfast all day menu; many are altered with eggs or the lack thereof to make them appropriate for the time of day. Case in point: Egg-Ceptional Eggs and Love Cakes, both of which are in the Top Five Favorites dishes of this writer. Daily specials are posted on the boards outside, and are usually worth a try. Menu substitutions are easy, and so is the staff, which in general is pleasantly attentive.Though it is not a Charlotte original, we'll claim it as our own, if only for those devilishly alluring grits.Flying Biscuit has two Charlotte locations; one in Stonecrest Shopping Center at 7930-A Rea Road and the other in Park Road Shopping Center at 4241 Park Road.
4	Excellent food!   Omlette was awesome except they used diced chicken and it was a bit overcooked but the CokaCola glazed salmon salad was absolutely amazing and enough for a full lunch.
5	The turkey sausage with grits, eggs, and biscuit are TDF!!! I get this almost once a week and the portion is so big I have plenty left over. My husband and kids fight over the leftovers!! Everything is delicious; even leftover. Sometimes I get two orders so I can bring more home. Still, they fight over every last morsel.
4	A perfect find while visiting Charlotte for a wedding with a group of friends.  GREAT menu, especially for veggie lovers and vegans.  Some of the best variety I've seen on a breakfast menu and the colorful, cheery atmosphere is great.  I honestly don't think the biscuits are great and some of the food was overly sauced, but overall awesome place.Favorite quote of the meal:Me: How do you make the oatmeal pancakes?Waitress: With Oatmeal.My inner thought: Ohhhh ok!  That clears everything right up!
4	The grits are worth the trip. Everything else is quality, but the grits are the real treat. We usually go there every other Sunday morning.
4	wow we did not know you could mess up pancakes.  The biscuits must have been made by Ellie Mae Clampett.  We have renamed this place now on our not to go ever list The Flying Brick.  The sweet tea was good.
3	Eh, my first expierience here was just "ok".  After seeing many a Flying Biscuit without ever trying it, after living in Atlanta for several years, when the suggestion was made to go to Flying Biscuit for brunch I was looking forward to it.  I ordered the Steak n' Eggs w/ a substituted side of their grilled Mac n' Cheese and eggs scrambled with cheese.  Super healthy order.  The eggs were fine, what you would expect.  My steak was ordered rare and came out well-done.  They did promptly fix it and 10 mins. later I had my steak back while I was eating the rest of the food.  Overall taste of the steak was 4/5 stars, especially for a "breakfast" place.Some of my friends were raving about the grilled Mac n' Cheese but I ordered it and wasn't impressed.  The grilled part of the grilled Mac n' Cheese makes it dry out a bit and have a strange "grill" flavor that is just not inherent to Mac n' Cheese in my book.Overall, for $20 including tip, meal, and an iced latte - I've had way better brunches.  Would I try it again and order something different, sure but I'd probably stick with something more "traditonal".
4	Delicious food. I work crazy hours, from 3am-1pm, so I've tried many different breakfast places in the Charlotte area. This is one of my favorite restaurants for breakfast. Biscuits are incredible, especially w/ their apple butter sauce. My only (small) gripe is their price. Expect to pay about $9-10 per plate for breakfast. But that's the cost of having fresh, non-greasy food!
4	I do think Flying Biscuit is a bit expensive, but they serve mostly organic and gluten free products.  So in that sense, its a steal. I would rather pay more for simple ingredients.  Their portions are also huge! So you can get the High Flyer for 6 or 8 bucks- but split it with someone else. Being from Wilmington, NC- Breakfast places are a staple.  It has been hard to find good eclectic breakfast places in Charlotte.  So if that is what you're looking for, come here!I've been for both breakfast and dinner and out of all the times I have been here, not once have I been disappointed.
4	What can I say?  Moving to the South there are a few things I had to get used to.  #1 Sweet tea is EVERYWHERE...#2 GritsAnd the place to find the best creamy dreamy grits in Charlotte?  Flying Biscuit!I am in love with them and they have so many amazing items on their menu.  I went vegetarian about a year ago and they have things to accomodate me, and before that, their Turkey Hash was AMAZING!  I stick with the French toast because that glaze they use is so sweet and good, I love it.I recommend this place to everyone.  They also have two seperate outdoor seating areas, booze, and different coffee drinks.
4	Sometimes I wish we could rate in 1/2 star increments, because the food and overall experience was a 3, while the server we had made it a 4. Flying Biscuit is a chain, but has a nice homey feel with the murals on the walls and purple, and bright colored decor. It just screams "neighborhood and family".When you have a restaurant with the word BISCUIT in the name, I'd expect a big flaky, moist biscuit with a buttery golden outside.  Instead, their biscuits are white and dense like Bisquick dollop biscuits. It's fine...but the redeeming factor is the cranberry-apple butter that comes in a squeeze bottle on your table. I had the grits since THREE people recommended it to me-- and yes, it indeed buttery and cheesy and super seasoned and bursting with flavor.  Though it was so rich, I felt bloated and gross afterward.  I suggest using willpower to stop eating after your full...but it's hard since this dish is so mouth watering.My husband got the fried green tomato sandwich which was delicious, but INSANELY rich with bacon and I believe cheese too.  It was too greasy for his taste, and too made him feel too bloated. Our server was really great about keeping our ice teas coming, and any condiments we needed.  Overall, I'd come back again, but probably would order different items.
3	I don't know why it is, but I've learned that whenever a restaurant has a particular dish in its name, that's usually the worst item on the menu. Flying Biscuit is no exception.The biscuits are thick, heavy and bland (though that apple butter or whatever sauce is amazing and helps things out a lot). So don't go expecting a big flaky delish biscuit. But for breakfast, it's pretty hard to go wrong. I went on an early Saturday afternoon and had the Clifton omelette, with goat cheese, mushrooms and tomato, and it was just as good as it sounds. Hubby got the Piedmont and left not a speck on the plate. Service was a bit slow and unresponsive, and it wasn't even very busy. The waittress was young, but she just didn't seem very interested in serving or filling water or earning a tip? Still, neither the chicken nor the biscuit will dissuade me from stopping in again. Good deal--especially if you check in on 4square. Can I say that?
4	Brunch is the most important meal of the day, so my friends and I searched for the best place in the area and settled on the Flying Biscuit.  They'd been there in the past and had great things to say about the homemade biscuits and apple butter.We arrived at noon on Saturday and the place was packed. There was no where to seat our large party so we ended up on the patio at the rear of the restaurant.  For the most part we were alone with the funky hanging art and water spritzing fans.  The restaurant seems to be a bit cramped, so I wasn't upset.Looking at the menu I had a tough time deciding what to order.  There were so many options, both sweet and savory.  Since I wanted to try a bit of everything, I went for the High Flyer.  I had no idea what I was getting myself into. So much food!  I had never tried chicken sausage before, but I was quite impressed.  The grits were absolutely delicious and creamy.  My favorite thing overall was the oatmeal pancake.  It was thick and fluffy and perfectly matched with the peach compote.Everyone was happy with their brunch selection.  The only issues with our meal were the slight snafus by our server.  Because we were out back, she seemed to forget about us every so often.  My friend had ordered an appetizer, but it was not brought out until he had reminded the waitress toward the end of our meal.  Not a huge ordeal considering how much other food we had already devoured.  If I were in the area again, I'd definitely return.  There are so many options to try, I'm sure I'd never get the same thing twice.
2	The atmosphere was great, the biscuits with the jam (I'm not a bread lover) was pretty good BUT do you know what turned me off...this dish I ordered that was supposed to be...I don't know what it was but it was eggs on the bottom with shredded beef on top. Least, to say complete turn off and I haven't been back since. The grits tasted like they were cooked in milk...wasn't a fan. I've had better brunch.
2	We had heard so many great things about Flying Biscuit, so when we got a Groupon for it, we had to try it.  Boy were we dissapointed.  We didn't have 1 good thing.  The fried green tomatoes were soggy and bland.  The Biscuits were by far the worst i've had at a commercial restaurant.  It was embarrasing, especially given the name of the place.I had a dish (forgot the name) with potatoes, roast and eggs.  The potatoes were stale, and moderately cold.  We were so dissapointed since the place was very kid friendly and should have been a home run.
3	The first time in was because I knew they served breakfast all day, and ever since then I haven't really strayed from the breakfast menu, no matter what meal I actually should be having. The omelets are large, the biscuits are yum (but are substantially better before they start to sit out too long post breakfast-rush), and my eggs are always cooked nicely. My serious gripe with the place is the wait time, no matter if I'm one of five tables or one of twenty five - it always takes what seems like FOREVER to get my food. And of course I can't even get a water refill while I wait, for a place so open the service staff has found some really good places to hide!That being said I've still kept the flying biscuit on my list, because their food is pretty good (so far I think the cajun scramble is my favorite) and you don't have to worry about your eggs arriving in a pool of grease like some other breakfast all day establishments.
4	A friend invited me to meet here for breakfast, otherwise I would never have known about this place. I've been through the Park Road Shopping Plaza dozens of times and never spotted the Flying Biscuit. To my shame!One of the best from-scratch biscuits I've had. Tender, fluffy, slightly buttery, it was melt-in-your-mouth Southern goodness. And with a super breakfast of fried eggs, sausage links and, yes, grits, it was the perfect start to the day!Our waitress understood that we were talking and she didn't hassle at all. Really good service and she was excellent with my friend's youngster too!I have no idea if they do lunch or dinner, but this is breakfast. Forget the other meals, it's the MOST IMPORTANT meal of the day!
4	Flying Biscuit Cafe is a favorite of my wife's, who goes there for lunch with work friends. We happened to be at the movies this afternoon and decided to stop over for an early dinner.FBC is a great, feel-good meal spot - any meal! They serve some of the best biscuits in Charlotte - and that is really saying something. The salads are awesome - I had the BLT with goat cheese. The tomato basil soup was very hearty. But the star here is the biscuit and apple butter. We were given more than enough to take a few home, thanks to the manager who waited on us. High marks, across the board.
4	I am a fan of Flying Biscuit! I have been here several times and have ordered both breakfast and dinner. I love the creamy grits served with breakfast. They are light, fluffy and full of buttery yumminess. I also love their tomato stoup (a cross between a soup and a stew). It has chopped onion pieces in it and lots of seasoning. It is by far the best tomato soup I've had in Charlotte. If I am feeling hungry but not sure what I'm in the mood for, I come here. It hits the spot every time.
3	I love the feel of the restaurant. Nobody can take that look away from them. This is what a Southern diner should look like. It's done right and not over the top. That's what gives it that character you expect to see in a chain restaurant. Then again, I just said it was a chain. And like most chains, the food is a hit and a miss, depending on the day and the employee on duty. This is "family owned," but it's a chain, folks.I've been here three times for lunch. The prices are decent for the food I'm getting, but nothing really urged me to come back. And that's something I won't be doing for a good while. Now, before I continue, I went here for lunch, but wanted to try their all day menu items. It should be safe, right? Hmm...no. We went in and had great service from the start. There is NOTHING wrong with their service. Our server was probably one of the BEST I've seen in a long time. Ordered our food and got some biscuits while we waited. Love the biscuits though. Not too flaky or doughy. Just the right mixture for my tastes. I ordered the Bacon and Egg combo with potatoes as my side. When it came out, I thought it was joke. It was literally two eggs fried, burnt bacon that had the consistency of an icicle, and a scoop of seasoned potatoes. Nothing special at all. What was worse? I paid nearly $8.50 for this! Are you kidding me. I would've gone to Waffle House and got twice as much and just the same quality if not BETTER. The other meals that I've gotten here aren't too bad, but still run along the lines of mediocre Southern dining to me. And it seems overpriced for the quality of food you expect to deserve.I'm disappointed. If this is what "Southern dining" is, then you can keep it until you prove me otherwise.
4	The flying biscuit is one of those places that you go to when you are in the mood for good southern food.  I have being to this restaurant a few times but it had always being for breakfast/brunch so this time my husband and I decided to go for dinner on a lazy Thursday night.  This day I was definitely in a comfort food mood, so I ordered the shrimp and grits and they were fantastic!  I love how creamy and luscious their grits are.  If you decide to order them, you won't be disappointed.  My husband ordered their version of a pot pie and it was very good.  Their biscuits are definitely to die for!
3	I'm a Northerner.  We don't eat grits where I'm from, but Flying Biscuit changed that.  Their grits are phenomenal.Breakfast all day.   It's my favorite meal and I can never figure out why more places don't offer this sort of thing.Reasonably healthy menu options (even their bacon is turkey bacon).Eclectic decor.Fast and friendly service.Moon dusted potatoes are OK, but not great.  They serve these or grits with just about everything on their menu.Have some inventive menu options:  Coca-Cola BBQ salmon, various black bean dishes, BBQ chicken burritos, etc.I visit this location or the one off of Rea Rd about once per month.  It's always good but never "pick up the phone and call a friend" good.
4	LOVE the love cakes.... yummy.. I  have been back each time i come into town on business to eat here and have brought friends to enjoy them also...so delicious!
4	First off, the grits get an A+!!! Now, I also enjoyed the turkey hash. It was a flavorfest!!! And who'd have thunk it - it was tender, juicy and melt in your mouth good!
5	Great service and the food was excellent. The grits were the best part of my meal.
5	Simply put: THE FOOD WAS AMAZING!The Black Bean Cakes were surprisingly delicious and HEALTHY (I assume)I immensely enjoyed the southern atmosphere! Great Food and PeopleGreat Sunday Brunch destination
5	Since moving here, I've been on a mission to find the best breakfast/brunch spot.  The results:  Flying Biscuit is winning.Everything I've had has been deeeelicious.  They have large portions, the service has always been fast and very friendly, and the price is perfect.So, the food.  The biscuits (served with everything) are just an extra little bit of happiness to go along with your already perfect breakfast.  They go splendidly with whatever that delicious cranberry apple butter concoction is... oh, and the creamy, dreamy grits!  They really are creamy and I have had many dreams about them.  My favorite breakfast dishes are the egg-ceptional eggs (black bean cakes, verde salsa, feta, and sour cream with eggs) and the piedmont omelet (the goat cheese is just right).
5	Had a really great breakfast experience here recently. They have outdoor tables, so you can enjoy some wonderful al fresco dining. The place itself is quite colorful, spacious, and comfortably designed, and the food was fantastic. I ordered the scrambled eggs, and it came with a healthy dose of turkey bacon, as well as grits and an absolutely delicious, fresh from the oven biscuit (which covered with apple butter is even better), and an oatmeal pancake with peach compote. It was all-around delicious and an incredibly satisfying, reasonably-priced breakfast. My only complaint would be that it took a while to get and to process the check, but I guess I'll overlook that given how generally satisfying I thought the experience was.
4	I've eaten here several times and I've never had a bad meal. Service is always quick, polite, and prompt. My go-to favorites are the salmon scramble and the Piedmont omelet.The Flying Biscuit uses chicken sausage & Turkey bacon in dishes. I don't feel that the lack of pork takes away from the taste. In fact, other flavors shine through without it.I always recommend this restaurant to people who have never been there.
5	It is Awesome!! They were super nice!
3	Went here with our office staff for our weekly lunch outing. The service was pretty good, seating open, and the menu is awesome because there are plenty of options for people with dietary restrictions (vegetarian, etc). With that being said, my food was just so-so. I did, however, love the potatoes! And even though i LOVE bread, the biscuits at this place are not my thing.
3	Made the weekly visit to the Biscuit. It seldom disappoints, but would have to say the sandwich special this evening just a C+. The "California Chicken" sandwich was good, just not special. It was as advertised... chicken with Swiss cheese, avocado, lettuce and tomato on a wheat bun... and that was it. Good, just not great. Had to add some Cholula to give it a little flavor. With all sauces to be had at such a culinary workshop, I expected a little more. Oh well, it won't stop us from going back.
4	Visited for the first time last Sunday with one of my Brunch Buddies.  The place was a little hard to find, tucked away in a big shopping center, but the long line of people waiting outside clued me in.  The line moved quickly though, and my friend and I had a table within 15 minutes.My only real complaint was the table we were seated at.  They have a huge back patio that I am sure is amazing when the weather is nice, but that day it was rainy and chilly.  My chair was right next to the back rail of the patio and the plastic wall cover thingy didn't do the best job of keeping the cold wind and rain out.  The food, however, was amazing and the waitress was very friendly and attentive.  The salmon scramble and rosemary potatoes are to die for!  Despite being a GRIT, I have never cared much for grits, but I may have to rethink that.  Definitely going back!
5	Love this place.  They have good coffee (imperative to brunch) and a mouth-watering menu.  The grits are by far the creamiest most delicious grits I've ever had and their breakfast plates always leave you full and happy.  The atmosphere is fun and we always get a seat quickly.  Plus they have a sweet patio out back!
5	Amazing Service! Amazing Food! Amazing Variety! All the elements for an outstanding dining experience!
5	A Breakfast Perfect Storm...Though there appeared to be a long wait, in actuality the wait was not bad at all, as my 2 peeps and I were able to get seated within 5min.  We sat outside at a table, the fans were def crucial due to the heat.  There also was a faint rotting garbage smell coming from somewhere nearby as well.  FOOD: Everything was EXCELLENT!Grits:  Yea, I know what you're thinking.  I've had grits before.  They're not that good.  How good can a bowl of grits be?  I had those same exact questions going through my mind as I was trying to place my order.  I'm gonna come right out and say it, do yourself a favor and get the grits -  these are the best grits I've ever had.  PERIOD.  Meggxican Wrap:  It contained, "A spicy scramble of eggs, cheddar cheese, onions & Serrano peppers wrapped in a flour tortilla, topped with a warm tomato salsa and a dollup of sour cream served with creamy dreamy grits." (http://www.flyingbiscuit.com/Menus.aspx)  I added bacon to it, which I highly recommend.  The  Meggxican Wrap come together perfectly.  All of the ingredients perfectly complemented each other - the cheese complemented the eggs.  The bacon complemented the onions and peppers, and the warm tomato salsa spread across the top complemented the entire the dish. (see pics)Biscuit:  Being from NY, I must admit, I am not a big Biscuit guy at all.  I prefer bagels and crouissants .  To me, biscuits are too doughy, dry out your mouth and are hard to swallow (that's what she said, lol).  But the biscuit was phenomenal!  It was baked perfectly, doughy but lite enough to swallow.  I can't comment on the apple butter - didn't try it; didn't need to.  The Biscuit was perfect with a little butter and jam.  My overall food experience here was AMAZING!  Everything was prefect.  I cannot shower the food with enough praises!  Everything tasted freshly cooked and prepared.  Everyone I was with also enjoyed their respective meals.  My friend got the Southern Scramble, which I sampled and can also offer my stamp of approval for.  Service:  Service was excellent.  Waitress was very polite & friendly but not intrusive.   She refilled our waters two or three times (hey, it was hot outside remember).  Food was not exactly lightening fast in arriving, but sometimes you don't mind waiting if you know the food is being freshly prepared.    Price:  VERY AFFORDABLE for the amount of food that you get.  You can also add extras and sides for minimal costs. This place is definitely here to stay.....and I'll def be Flying with the Biscuit again soon!
4	The food is great, let me repeat... food is great. You just have to be prepared for the wait. If you go there on a Sunday morning, after a night of fun, don't expect to sit quickly or have service right away. However, the biscuits make up for the time spent in the parking lot of the Park Road Shopping Center -I could never work there because I would eat my weight in biscuits daily.
5	The Flying Biscuit is by far one of my favorite and "go-to" places in Charlotte.  Whether you are interested in breakfast, lunch, dinner, girl's night, or date night - the Flying B is your place!  The food is different and delicious.  It's got that home-style feel with a funky twist.  Mind Blowers:* Anything with the word BLT in it.* Fried Green Tomatoes with Goat Cheese* Brie* The Veggie Scramble* The Sausage Gravy - get it.  Don't ask questions* orange-infused whole wheat French toast* Grits (I've heard people would give up their children for the Flying B's grits!)* ....and pretty much everything elseOther Important pieces of Information:* The staff rocks* Yes, they have a full espresso bar for you coffee addicts, nom nom nom* Yes, they serve alcohol* Yes, they have wireless* This place is a zoo on the weekends.  If you are planning on going for breakfast on Saturday or Sunday get there in time to wait for 10-20 minutes.  Don't be put off by the line outside, it moves fast!* The Flying B is family friendly - so if babies or children freak you out, better find somewhere else to eat (On that note, babies and children freak me out and I still go here as much as humanly possible).Point being - if you live in Charlotte and you don't go to Flying Biscuit you probably aren't an American.
4	This is my favorite of the two Charlotte locations.  The food is great, the sevice is great, and the atmosphere is nice.  I eat here about once a month and always enjoy it!
5	BREAKFAST ALL DAY.  I've only had breakfast items here and quality and service are always phenomenal.  Those biscuits are lovely, yes, but DO NOT miss the grits. The 'loaded' grits at this place are crazy-good!  I like that they offer turkey sausage and veggie items (tofu is on the menu), if you're vegetarian or just in the mood for a meatless meal.  Bring an appetite.  Portions are generous, and the food is very flavorful.  Sure, this isn't your run-of-the-mill standard bargain breakfast (most brek entrees with tax are around ten bucks), but it's worth it.  I keep saying I'm going to try some of the other menu items, but breakfast is just TOO good...
5	Oh I have found the mecca of breakfast. On my quest to fill my grumbling tummy, I stumbled upon this gem. Tucked away in the Park Road Shopping center, the beast called Hunger was slated. After indulging in the Southern Scramble, eggs scrambled with spicy Collard greens and turkey Bacon, I will be scribbling sonnets about their creamy dreamy grits.
5	First place I went to go visit during my business trip to North Carolina. I had hoped to end it here as well, but I woke up late. I am actually writing this at CLT, sitting on one of them white rocking chairs. Man, as I am thinking about what to write for this place, my mouth is already salivating..My girlfriend went to Florida for law school and told me that I HAD to go to one of these places. My goodness it was good. A great way to say: WELCOME TO THE SOUTH (I know NC is a debatable southern state, but this restaurant surely is).I got the one with sausage biscuit, layered over by scrambled eggs and grits on the side. I never had grits before and it took some "acquiring" to do for me to enjoy it. BUT man the sausage biscuit with the scrambled eggs on top is something to DIEEEEE FORRRR! I don't think I need to do any explaining but, to say to go get it, and get fat, like a true Southerner.Nothing up north has something like this. I want it now.
5	My wife and I flew into Charlotte (very early) from Boston where we met our children who flew in from Seattle.  The Flying Biscuit is a short drive from the airport.I had a breakfast that consisted of eggs "over easy", grilled potatoes, sausage gravy over biscuits and grits.  Being a native New Englander, we were not very familiar with grits.  However, we tried the Creamy Dreamy Grits and we loved them!  In addition, the biscuits are dense, sweet and filling and we really liked them, too.  I have to mention that the coffee and sweet tea was very tasty.Most important, our daughter is serving active duty with the Army, and travelled in uniform.  Many members of the staff thanked our daughter for her service and the manager gave her a complimentary meal in appreciation for serving our country.  Our next trip to the Charlotte area will definitely include the Flying Biscuit!
4	I love this place for breakfast and lunch. The options are great for a vegetarian and the staff is friendly.  My favorite are the soft & yummy biscuits!!!
4	Reading the other reviews for this Flying Biscuit locations, I see words. In fact, I see many words, such as decor, biscuits, service, grits, etc. These are all good words, and you can certainly use them to talk about the Flying Biscuit. However, when I talk about the flying biscuit, I really only need to use two words:Turkey. Meatloaf.Hey you guys, I am so in love with the Flying Biscuit's turkey meatloaf. I know, if you're a meatloaf lover, you'll wrinkle your nose at the idea that turkey could take the place of ground beef and pork. Well, here's some news for you: in this instance, turkey does not substitute. It surpasses.OK, OK, I don't want to write a simplistic review, so here are some other facts: the decor is interesting, the clientele is even more interesting, and the service is sometimes good, sometimes iffy.But oh, turkey meatloaf. Those are the words you need to note.
5	Went back on 10/26/12....still a great place for breakfast.  However, I was a little surprised that at 10AM there was a small group drinking beer and at times being a little loud and using profanity.  They appeared to be from a local hospital or medical center that just worked mids.  I expect this type of crowd at your local bar, not a breakfast place. Next time I'm in the area I'll go back for some more great tasting biscuits, and hope the medical crowd has moved along.
5	Just as great as the one in Ballantyn, but much closer to where I live. Can't help myself to grab a half dozen biscuits to go.....LOVE IT!!
5	This is the Charlotte version of Asheville's Early Girl.  Vegetarian and GF choices clearly marked.  Modifications made without fuss.  Everything was delicious.  Grits needed no additions.  Coffee was excellent.We ate on the back deck, overlooking a parking lot and gardening store.
4	Came here with a girlfriend for brunch one Saturday. Service = Friendly and quick. Hostess and waitress extremely friendly especially for 9:30 in the AM. Not crowded yet, but I hear at 10:30 it's packed so plan ahead.Decor = The place is fun and bright and a great way to start off your day. Food = It was hard to pick from the menu since everything looked so scumpcious. I decided on Egg-straorindary breakfast with Eggs, potatoes, and Grits. Grits = wow wow wow. Too good to be true. Never seem them like this, they are thick, but creamy, full of flavor. I would take any yankee who's hates on grits here to change their mind. Eggs & potatoes = need more flavor. Bisquit = An unexpected raspberry taste, quite interesting!I'd come back and try another entree that included grits...yummm.
5	The Flying Biscuit was just pure amazing. I love that they offer non pork breakfast meats. The turkey bacon was great, the grits were some of the best I've ever had, and the oatmeal pancakes were like nothing I've had before. It seemed like a great crowd of people that frequent the place, the staff were top notch and we enjoyed the artwork. Sadly, I have to admit, the only thing I wasn't thrilled about was the biscuits, everything else though gets an A+ in my book.
4	Stopped in for brunch one Friday morning and was pleasantly surprised that all the buzz about Flying Biscuit is apparently true. Service was friendly and efficient also. Nice little casual neighborhood spot.
4	Really cool little place. We've lived around the corner for 11 months now and just ate there for the first time this past weekend. Previous attempts falied due to the long wait, but this weekend we were up early enough to beat the crowd. The grits are the best I've ever had. Eggs and chicken sausage were also great, service was really friendly and the atmosphere is inviting. The only negative I will say is the starches are not their strength. I would stay away from items like french toast and the oatmeal pancakes. Those are really heavy and not what you expect. But I very much recommend the place stressing the grits, eggs and breakfast meats as their strengths.
3	Maybe I'm the anomaly, but I found the breakfast here to be ok at best. Everyone I asked about breakfast in Charlotte kept referring me here, so it had to be amazing, right? wrong.The egg-ceptional eggs were... ok. There was nothing eggceptional about them. The highlight was the black bean cake with the tomatillo sauce. I found myself enjoying that more than the eggs. Even the coffee was just ok. Sadly, just nothing wowed me like I was expecting this place to. Oh well.
5	I have been eating grits all my life. My first table food after baby formula was probably grits. The Flying Biscuit cafe has the best, creamest, cheeisest grits....Hands down!
3	I had always wanted to try the Flying Biscuit from when I first saw it on Food Network over a decade ago on Food Finds or Rachael Ray...one of those shows.  So, to my surprise, I saw that they had franchised out to NC where we were visiting for the holiday weekend.  We were a large party of 10 but got seated fairly quickly on MLK day.  The host was very nice.  Our server was Claudia who was quasi-efficient and borderline unfriendly...it's servers like that who can really impact your dining experience. Food was good but not spectacular save for the Hubs' Shrimp Scramble...that was really good.  We also got the carrot cake pancakes which were very good.  The brie en croute was very good and prepared differently from how I've had brie en croute in the past.  It was almost dessert-like.  The grits were great like the reviews said...creamy, tangy, and the right amount of seasoning.  The oatmeal pancakes were good and hearty.  What I'm about to say next might be blasphemous...the biscuits were ok.  Ok, there, I said it.  A bit too dense for my liking.  I liked that there were healthy options available...from turkey bacon being the standard to vegan/vegetarian options.If not for the service, we might go back and give them another try.
3	Woke up the afternoon after a road trip adventure craving brunch - late evening brunch... okay, hungover breakfast for dinner at 7:30 pm, whatever. Found the space deserted, but this was probably attributed to the dismal and chilly rain. Our server was kind and attentive, but that wasn't enough to erase some of the not so cool cons: although the fried green tomato appetizer was delicious, it was ridiculously overpriced - 7 bones for 4 tomato slices? come again?; the Southern Scramble was more of a Southern trainwreck... soggy, slightly bitter and the turkey bacon bits looked suspiciously like, well, bacon bits; above all though, the "Orange Scented French Toast" was the ultimate abomination - forget that jive on the menu, this was two pieces of soggy wheat bread drizzled with raspberry preserves and vanilla syrup. Yum?Everything tasted decent and it's always nice to be able to get breakfast day or night, I love the apple butter and the fact that I never leave Flying Biscuit feeling bloated or overstuffed. I can only hope the presentation and quality is a little smoother the next time I stop in. And that they won't be playing Nickelback this time either.
5	Great Place to go to any time of day
5	One of my favorite places. Their Shrimp & Grits are to die for. Definitely my last meal if I had to choose one. Their biscuits are fluffy and have sugar on top which adds a slight sweetness that is great. Breakfast is amazing here too.
5	I very much enjoyed my meal here, the food was quite good, and the friendly, funny staff made it even better.Located at Park Road Shopping Center (if you look towards the middle of the strip, it will be slightly to the right of center, in close proximity to Suarez Bakery), what a fun, cute place for a meal.  Park Road SC is currently redoing their signage, so it's a little more difficult to spot a new-to-me place, but the banner signs are readable.   There is parallel parking just in front of the stores, or there is plenty of angled parking in the lot.The place:  Cute space with both booths and tables/chairs, along with a small bar.  Brightly colored Hawaiianish table cloths make for a happy environment.The staff:  Ridiculously friendly and knowledgeable of the menu.  When I asked the waitress for what her favorites were, as I had never been to a Flying Biscuit before, she gave me some suggestions with explanations.  Awesome!The food:  I took the waitress's suggestion and ordered the High Flyer, which offers a sampling of everything - 2 eggs, grits, chicken sausage and a pancake.  I substituted a blueberry pancake for the oatmeal pancake, which I ate with only the light dusting of powdered sugar that it was served with, and it was delicious - light and full of blueberry flavor.  The eggs were cooked to my over-well request and were very good, not greasy at all, with the perfect crispness that I like.  The grits were indeed creamy and dreamy and probably the best grits I have ever eaten.  The chicken sausage was well flavored and cooked to perfection (I wasn't a huge fan of it, but I think that is my personal taste and not a reflection of the sausage).  And the biscuit... well... again, I wasn't a fan.  For the type of biscuit that it was, it was well flavored and structured, with a little sugar baked on top for a sweet, slightly crunchy finish, but I like lighter, biscuitier biscuits (Cracker Barrel, Poogan's Porch in Charleston), but they were good.  The accompaniment of the cranberry apple butter in a squeeze bottle was amazing - that was delicious and I could have eaten that right from the bottle - YUM!!  We also tried the grilled mac and cheese which are molded rectangles of mac and cheese.  $3 for 3 rectangles - it was mac and cheesy (good to cure a macheese craving, nothing spectacular).Wednesday, as the cute young man told me when I entered, is kid's night.  I don't know what kid's night entails, but there will be squealing children and wincing mommies getting glass after glass of wine.  The food was a solid 4 and with the addition of the awesome staff, I am rounding up to a 5.
4	This place is really delicious! Food was fresh and very yummy. Staff was great.  Will be back!
4	Lately, the Mr and I have been referred to as "Brunch People." And that's a role that comes with a lot of responsibility. Saturday and Sunday mornings often turn into a "Where should we go for brunch?" discussion before I'm even out of bed. Fact. It was Sunday morning and I was hungry. Moving from the "Oh, I could eat" to "I am going to punch someone if I don't get food immediately" state of mind. After running through the list of places a) open for breakfast/brunch at 9amb) we hadn't tried in a while/everc) were close to our home...we settled on the dependable Flying Biscuit. In my heart, when I'm hungry and I think of breakfast, there is nothing more satisfying than the perfectly executed PASTA, SAUSAGE & EGGS. Say what you will about the rest of the menu, but this is one dish that they get right every time. Given my dietary and lifestyle choices, I always ask them to substitute soysage for the sausage, which the kitchen obligingly does.For this dish, expect creamy eggs with cheese, penne pasta, sausage (or soysage), spinach, mushrooms (and maybe a bit of onion) all scrambled together into a perfect melange of all that is breakfast.Fire that up with an unbelievably tall and bizarrely sweet biscuit topped with a squirt of apple butter and a side of creamy dreamy grits and I swear, it will be worth the 10 minute wait on a weekend.Their coffee is notably not the worst I've had. Other interesting, veggie-friendly things to try:- Fried green tomatoes (a twist on the traditional)- Orange scented french toast (order extra anglaise -- trust me)- Clifton omelette (winner)I'm sure their non-breakfast offerings are good, but I can't stray from my favorites.
2	We were told a 15 minute wait and it was almost an hour to get seated, and then almost 30 minutes to get food. Food was pretty good but service sucks.
5	One of my fave breakfast spots in the city! Staff is always friendly, and food is ALWAYS good! Food always taste fresh, like they actually care about the quality. They also have quite a bit of healthy options as well. Their grits are so freaking Goooood!! LOL!! Love this spot! Highly recommend!
4	WHAT in the world was I thinking?!?!? And why did it take me so long to have their brunch?!?My friend and I stopped in for a late brunch Sunday afternoon, we had a small wait for a table but I got VIP parking right on front of the restaurant so we just chatted and waited in the car until they called us in. Not long after we were seated our waiter arrived, very pleasant smile and attitude it was like we were old friends. He took our drink orders and offered tons of suggestions. Based on previous reviews, I already knew what I wanted to try...the Pasta, Sausage, and Eggs which is three eggs with chicken sausage, penne pasta, spinach, and cheese...(thanks JJ! ) I decided to skip the mushrooms this visit but they normally come with this dish as well.  As I my side I decided to change the grits for the hash browns. My friend ordered the salmon scramble with grits and a side of bacon.Even though, it was packed it took no time me my food was awesome!!!! My food was delicious!!! The mix of pasta, chicken sausage and eggs was so unique I just loved it! Just an overall hearty and tasty dish. The hash browns were very tasty but my friend let me try her grits and I could have kicked myself for not ordering them!!! They really were creamy and dreamy!!! Sooo much better than I expected. I tried to keep my spoon out of her dish but I couldn't...next time TRUST that I will be getting the grits!!!Fabulous meal, great service and just overall excellent experience! Loved it and can't wait to come back!!!
4	I'm now a big fan of The Flying Biscuit. I've never been a huge breakfast guy, but upon our last visit for Sunday breakfast/brunch, I loved every bit of it. First, the place was packed. Every table held hungry folks munching post-church and they still managed to have a 10-minute wait. We showed up and were sat at a table inside within 5 minutes. The host was a super cool guy with a baller-status mustache. Bonus!Our server was so nice. Chipper, charming, and fun. She did a great job. I ordered three pancakes. They were fluffy and textbook in flavor. I couldn't eat them all, but I got through most of them. Ordered a side of their legendary grits. Goodness. Those grits are a meal in and of themselves! So thick and creamy. You know what I'm talking about. My wife ordered the veggie pasta, sausage, and eggs. It comes with soy-sage, but it actually tasted great. It's a great combo. Coffee was hot, servers were quick, prices are fair. Breakfast that's close to home. I'm a fan. Sign me up!
5	I love this place they always deliever my food was Awesome as was the service.
5	we drove from cornelius to charlotte to try Flying biscuit as there are so few breakfast options in Lake Norman area. Wow worth the drive. most amazing biscuits and gravy EVER (chicken gravy)- delish. Everything was good. Worth driving for a memorable meal-
4	I love this place since I'm not a fan of bacon but love breakfast.  Most places have no non-pork breakfast meats or probably cook them right after the bacon and sausage on the same equipment, but here pork is an afterthought that has to be specially requested.My favorites are the Southern Scramble, the Turkeyloaf, Shrimp and Grits, and of course the biscuit itself (smothered in the apple butter)Service has been a bit off the past couple times I've been and I pretty much had to blurt out my food order.  If it takes you several minutes to get my drink order I assume I won't see you for several more minutes for my food order.
3	My husband loves it, and I'll visit again because he does.I've heard so much about the biscuits but I found them to be dry.  I asked for my eggs the way I like them, over-hard, but they were smashed to death and cooked flat and should I say overcooked?  I like them hard but I should say hard and EDIBLE, please.  The oatmeal pancakes are good.
5	AMAZING!!!!! The service was great, the food was sooooo good and it came out very fast. I had the chicken sausage gravy and biscuits with the potatoes. The food for the price is perfect!!!
3	Been here with the wife a couple of times. The wait can be tough on the weekends. My wife is a bigger breakfast fan than I am. I'm usually the one who prefers to eat light at home for breakfast and have a nice lunch out. But every now and then you want to try new things, so we gave the flying biscuit a shot. We both enjoyed our food and noticed that a lot of the dishes had a more healthy twist to them. I think that I'll enjoy the flying biscuit when I'm in the mood for it, but I think that my wife and I are more traditionalists when it comes to breakfast. She's a big fan of bacon and I tend to enjoy pork sausage. I do remember enjoying the pancakes and she enjoyed the grits, but outside of that I think I'm more in my comfort zone at Waffle House or ihop.But the service is terrific and the food is done well. I'd come back if I was craving that type of breakfast.
5	We LOVE coming here for breakfast. It's definitely a place to come for some unique tasty breakfast.
4	Second time's the charm!  We showed up with the same party that we did for the first go-round (party of 10).  This experience was mucccchhh better...minus the wait, which was a lot longer than the first time.First off, our server Joseph was awesome. Our last server was meh but Joseph was TERRIFIC!!  Egg-ceptional eggs was terrific. Biscuits were much better.  Our wait was long but that just meant more time spent with our Navy BFFs before we were separated by oceans and countries.Thanks to Joseph and the improved quality of food, we'd definitely go back.
2	We've been to another Flying Biscuit and weren't that impressed.  However, after trying the Shrimp & Grits at a Yelp event, we decided to give it another go at this other location.  We stopped in to get a small bowl but wait, what?  The ONLY way to order the Shrimp & Grits is as a $12.99 dinner entree? Oh, you get a side and a biscuit.  Fine.  Ordered the Tomato Basil soup, which was meh, way too thick and obviously reheated since when I tried it, it was cold, and when daughter tried it, it was too hot.  We ended up sharing the giant bowl of Shrimp & Grits, but we both agreed they were not nearly as good as what we remembered from the Yelp Event.   We brought home what we didn't eat there, but neither one of us was that interested in eating anymore.
5	I just went here last week, and was I surprised! The place is a lot bigger inside than I expected. Ended up getting the tofu and taters salad since it was closer to lunch and it still came with a biscuit. Sooooo good!!! I'm not sure I will ever eat anything else there! A must go!
1	Who would have thought that you could serve such awful food and get away with it. We had the green tomato BLT - day old bacon and a greasy tomato on dry bread; the quesadilla wasn't any better, dry and poorly presented. But worst of all was the server had such long nails she could put the plates down properly, guess she was scared of breaking a nail - very unhygienic me thinks. Maybe breakfasts are better but avoid all else.
5	Pleasantly surprised!  Went to the other location last year and it was okay...  This time the food and service were both amazing!!  Love the biscuits, grits, French toast and the kids loved their quesadillas!  We had a great time, and will definitely be back!
3	We walked by this place and decided to pop in for some lunch. This place has a LOT of vegetarian options! I was kind of overwhelmed with all the options, so I just chose this: Vegan BBQ Burrito: BBQ tofu, collard greens, and mushrooms folded in a sun-dried tomato tortilla topped with salsa verde (for those not so vegan, sour cream available upon request). This was good, but dang, it was really spicy. I could barely eat it, it was so spicy. I got my 2 year old some fried mac-n-cheese, but she was in a bad mood and wouldn't eat it. I tried it, and it was good! I have to say, though, for a place that has "biscuit" in their name, the biscuit I tried was not that good. I would give this place another try, though.
4	Awesome way to end a weekend in Charlotte. My French toast was delish w raspberry sauce, first time I've had whole wheat French toast. Biscuit was huge and I had to have it. My bacon was quickly commandeered by my boyfriend but I got another side and it was crispy. All our food was great and came out fast. About ~$45 for all four of us for food and coffees and of course 1 chocolate milk. Gotta have it. Waiter was funny, joked with us about their 80s music they had on. We got to sit on the patio and look out at the ACE gardening section next door. Loved it.
5	Great food as always. Sit in Travis' section! He's so nice and a great server.
5	The food was great and the prices were reasonable! The wait staff was very friendly and efficient. The atmosphere is exciting and charming.  Looking forward to dining here again.
4	I LOVE breakfast food and thanks to yelpers posting pictures from this place, I knew I had to try it. I was in the mood for some biscuits and gravy so I ordered this, Got my eggs over easy and sub'd the grits for potatoes. An awesome portion of food and great presentation. I forked my first bite, watching the yolk spill over the biscuits and under the gravy. :) I'm a fan!We went around 10am on a Sunday and they Just started a waiting list. I was the second but got seated in a minute. They have PLENTY of room. We sat in their back patio which I didn't even know they had. Very nice. Our service was wonderful. I can't wait to pay another visit.
4	Being from California, we were looking for something prominent to the region. This didn't disappoint. We tried out a variety of the menu from eggs, sausage gravy, the biscuits, potatoes, waffles, grits, and sausage. Very delicious and we look forward to trying it again in other areas!
3	Maybe it was the time of the day (2:00p) or the reviews were so awesome but I can't say I fell in love.  The food came out really, really quickly but that meant my appetizers, biscuits, salad and entree all came within 3 minutes of each other.The black bean cakes tasted like black beans mashed into cakes.  I had such high anticipation for the biscuit was it was more doughy than flaky and buttery.  The apple butter that came with it was unremarkable.  My oven fried chicken was dry.  My mac and cheese kinda tasted like it came from a cafeteria and the collards were tasteless.  My friend's shrimp and grits were okay but can't say she finished much of her plate.Must say, I've had much better brunch!
4	Good brunch! My favorite was their grits. Biscuits were okay. Southern brunch.
4	The food was GREAT here! Loved the biscuits, grits on point waffles everything good... our waiter was fast and attentive!
5	So good! I had the black bean quesadilla and it was bomb! Great service and super cute environment. Good prices too!
5	I am Australian and on the adventure of a lifetime in the Northern Hemisphere and have always been intrigued by southern cuisine. So during my stay in Charlotte I have been on a mission to sample everything southern I can get my hands on. Biscuits and Gravy oh my did I come to understand what all the fuss is about and grits too. I explained my southern food desire to the waiter who was more than happy to guide me in the right direction and serve me up a meal to remember. Highly highly highly recommended.
3	I have eaten here several times. This time I had the Southern scramble.  It was pretty good. But I think the biscuit was a little too large and a little less tasty than I had hoped.  The grits were wonderful.  The place has a nice atmosphere for casual dining, and the wait staff tonight was excellent.By comparison, their are better places for eggs. The flying biscuit will probably not be a place I will frequent for breakfast food fir supper very often  But they are unique and when I want to have good grits it's where I would go.
4	Excellent!My first time here, met for an early morning business meeting.  Service left a little to be desired but was still above average, otherwise, would have been 5-stars.  Food was great, biscuit was phenomenal!  Missed the apple butter until the end, so will be back soon.A definite must try for anyone!
4	The first time I had anything from  The Flying Biscuit was at a YELP event, with their shrimp and grits. I came back for at least 5-6 more cups, the stuff was amazing.I finally got the chance to go and have breakfast here (not a huge breakfast fan), but I really enjoyed my self. The restaurant had a little but of a line out the door but we were seated within 10-15 minutes of arriving. I love that mustache guy Service was good I had a giant pumpkin spice latte, it was HUGE! Followed by aClifton Omelette:Three large farm fresh eggs stuffed with goat cheese and mushrooms, topped with warm tomato coulis and basil, served with creamy dreamy gritsIt was a lot of food after that latte and the Biscuits are amazing and huge -  had to take left overs home!While it seems a little pricey for breakfast, you are getting some quality food that is unique and tasty! We'll be back!
4	This is a great little place in a great shopping center. We were seated on the back porch it was a little cold outside but the heaters on the porch kept things nice and toasty. My group had a variety of breakfast entrees from a vegetarian omelette to my eggs and sausage everything was delicious. Do NOT miss the biscuits there's a reason the place is named after them. The service is exceptional and they are very kid friendly. My niece and nephew love eating there. When you're done feeding your body walk down to the Park Road Bookstore and feed your mind (review coming).
5	This place has the best grits! My boyfriend gets the sausage gravy whenever we go and I like to mix it up. He is obsessed and he's from Mississippi, he knows his grits and sausage and gravy ha. Everything has been awesome and the waiters are so nice! I don't think I have ever ordered lunch here but I think I'm going to do that next time!
5	When I my mother and sister decided on a Girls' Brunch while we visited Charlotte, I looked to my trusty Yelp app to find the perfect restaurant.  And boy, was The Flying Biscuit Cafe a great choice!  It was a crowded Sunday morning there, but that's to be expected when the food is so good.  I started with a Chai Tea and worked my way up to a Latte, both of which were delicious!  I tasted each dish on the table and it they all exceeded my expectations.  I wish they had a brunch tasting menu!  :)Make sure you try the biscuits with cranberry-apple butter.  The creamy dreamy grits are also a winner!
4	Simply put, my favorite place to eat breakfast in Charlotte. I always get the same thing, and that's the High Flyer. The eggs are perfectly cooked each time, and the oatmeal pancake with peaches and syrup? Yes. My wife loves their grits, and we of course both enjoy the high rise biscuits (I, with copious amounts of the apple/cranberry butter). Recommended for a great breakfast spot.
5	Best breakfast place in Charlotte hands down.Some favorites include-Flying biscuit breakfast- eggs any way, meat, creamy dreamy gritsTurkey hash and gravyEggs-strordinary breakfast with creamy dreamy grits.Whatever you order get the creamy dreamy grits!!!!
4	Great place to have a very filling breakfast.  Being from NJ, I never had grits so when I tried their Creamy Dreamy Grits-- I became a fan of grits..hahaGood food, good serviceusually has a line and wait!
1	Frigid temperatures and the host won't allow diners to wait inside for a table. After finally being seated, our rude waitress informs us that their soda machine is broken . Overall, not a pleasant experience.
5	The service was great and the food was amazing. I had the chicken pot pie. The biscuits and apple butter are to die for. They serve breakfast lunch and dinner all day. You can't go wrong with this place. I will certainly be back!
4	Great Brunch!
5	This proves 5 stars is impossible on Yelp because this place deserves 5+. Perfect scratch made food, great atmosphere (busy but spacious), and excellent friendly service!  We had a perfect Sunday breakfast and got coffees to go at no additional charge!
4	Four of my friends and I went on a Sunday afternoon for a late brunch, around 1:00 or so. The place was very busy, and we waited about 20 minutes or so for a table which we knew would be the case anywhere at that time of day. The only downside is all those waiting for a table need to wait outside--a huge drag when it's chilly.This place gives you a lot of food for a very reasonable price. I had the Southern Eggs Benedict, an item that was recently added to the menu (their online menu has yet to be updated to include all the new items). My food was delicious! I could barely finish it, there was so much of it, but it all tasted wonderful. I was disappointed, however, that my poached eggs were almost entirely cooked all the way through, with the yolk not having the slightest bit of run to it. Disappointing, but the food was still good overall, and our server was very nice and attentive in spite of how busy it was.I'll definitely be going back for brunch again soon.
5	One word: WOW. I don't even know where to begin the description of the awesomeness, because it was ALL that good. The inside looks interesting, but still inviting with the colorful tabletops. I followed what some other yelpers suggested and got the Cajun Eggs - did not disappoint. Fried green tomatoes were an appetizer, and they were gooey without being too crispy. These were my first fried green tomatoes since I'm not a N. Carolina native, but still great. My boyfriend had the blueberry pancakes and we basically shared. You could actually taste the lightly sweetened pancake and the fresh blueberries. So good. So filling. If I lived around here, I would definitely come back. Multiple times.
4	I'm not sure where the biscuit is flying to but mine landed in my tummy.  It was good with the apple butter sauce.  The grits are the best ever.  I'll be back to this cafe for certain.
5	As far as a breakfast place can go this place reaches the peak of service and quality. I came here with a friend to grab lunch at somewhere new because we normally go to Chick Fil A across the street. Being limited on time we need somewhere we can be in an out in half an hour. I got there first after unsuccessfully navigating the parking lot (it can be confusing), and was seated in a booth near the back. The waitress came up and asked what I would like to drink. Knowing what we both wanted to eat I ordered our food as well. I don't think it took 5 minutes to get our food. Right as my friend sat down it was coming out of the kitchen and being placed on the table. It was wonderful. I got the biscuits and gravy. It's chicken gravy, so I was a little hesitant, but the texture is that of sausage and it was very good! The biscuit is dense and you only really need one biscuit. I couldn't even finish that. You can get just the biscuit or you can get it with eggs and grits. The waitress kindly told me that they were big biscuits, so I just went with that and I'm glad she did. Since I didn't see the biscuits and gravy on the menu I didn't know how much they cost, but I wasn't worried because they are not usually expensive. When I got the bill, I was surprised. Only $2.99! What a deal! Not only was it cheaper than Chick Fil A it was faster too! We will definitely be back here, I think this is our new lunch spot.
5	Great food and service, nuff said. I enjoyed the Piedmont omelette and creamy grits that are delicious and slightly different than classic grits. The biscuits are also outstanding.
4	Food is really fantastic. Very impressed with the chicken sausage and the raspberry French toast. Grits, apple butter, eggs- all outstanding. Something here for everyone. The atmosphere is fun and we didn't have to wait because we went at 2pm.  Service was about a B so I can't give it 5 stars, but I will definitely return!
4	This place is amazing!!My favorite is that they offer a Guiness with expresso (I usually go for 2 shots myself) - the best morning beverage ever. They have delicious food too - great place for brunch.Best Tip about this place: There is a back patio that is very nice and quiet!!
3	The menu has GF next to the items that are well, gluten free! Its a nice change to not have to ask about every single thing and worry, plus you can get breakfast anytime and who doesn't love that ( you know who you are). A big bonus is that I also don't eat pork, so bacon is a no-No for me, but never fear, they have Turkey bacon!!! And chicken sausage, so I was ecstatic to have eggs and bacon along with my family and not think about eating a pig.Some of their staff I think are a bit young and not as professional some others, sup watch put for those, they aren't bad, just a bit ditzy and distant, not as atentative as they should be to your needs.
4	Always a friendly place with some very nice homey foods,everything's got a twist here. Black bean cakes cakes are pretty decent but their eggs dishes are excellent.A lot of familes with children stagger in service is always friendly and courteous a great place for breakfast, lunch or Dinner.Breakfast is pricey, lunch is comparable but Dinner is very reasonable. They have great cocktails and a few craft beers as well as wines.
5	We've been here at least five times since moving to Charlotte...and it never disappoints. Worth the wait if there's a line, with two or four people the waits never more than 10-20 min. I've had the high flyer, the benny, veggie scrambles, chocolate chip pancakes. Any breakfast we've had has been excellent. I always want to try the lunch/dinners but am a sucker for breakfast foods. The biscuits are huge. Service is fast and generally solid.
4	Everything is so bright! Decorated like 1950's grandma's kitchen...at least in the back.Ordered the hot chocolate. And that was stellar, heaps of whipped cream and chocolate syrup. Num!My bf order the biscuit, eggs and gravy....they have some darn good gravy. I had a half order of the French toast. It was good. The wheat bread on there stood out a lot. It could've balanced a little better. Love the music playing. Our server is this super sweet, super pregnant girl who was cheery and prompt. Her section seemed kind of large too. But gosh was she a dear. I think I would've gone 3 stars if not for the service. I'd check it out at again!
3	I went for lunch and had a pleasant experience.  Although this is a small, regional chain the eclectic interior makes you feel like you are in an independent cafe.  Odd location deep inline in the shopping center with a very small sign so keep your eyes open.I ordered the 3b grilled chicken sandwich with roasted potatoes and was very happy.  The aioli and blue cheese mixed well, although I think there could have been a little more blue cheese.  The turkey bacon had a nice flavor (for turkey bacon) and added some crunch to the sandwich.  The chicken was done well and still moist.  The bun, lettuce, and tomato were good compliments.Service and atmosphere were average.  If you are close by, Flying Biscuit is worth a chance.
5	Oh. My. Yum. I love this place so much! Even though there's always a wait on the weekends, it's totally worth it (and you'll only wait about 20 mins)! Get the Southern Style Benedict.. It'll change your life.
5	Food was delicious! Grits were amazing and I'm not even a fan of grits.  The pancakes and french today had an amazing flavor!  Would definitely recommend!
4	Flying Biscuit is synonymous with brunch in queen city and for a good reason. Both times I have been here we've been lucky enough to not have to wait and have always been greeted with great service. One huge downside in my opinion, they don't have a liquor license. No Bloody's, Mimosas or spiked espressos here, folk. Unfortunately, I've forgotten this tidbit and have been disappointed upon arrival twice.Moving on, the food is great and they have a menu that caters to those looking to indulge in an artery-clogging 3000 calorie meal and for those that are looking for something a little lighter. I love this mix of traditional and a little more out-of-box options.Oatmeal pancakes were scrumptious. Fluffy and hearty but light enough that I didn't feel like I needed to be rolled out of the place. The creamy dreamy grits are appropriately named and the whole wheat french toast was impressive as well. The only thing I wasn't excited about were the moon dusted potatoes which are cubed too large and not crispy enough for my subjective taste.Personally, I prefer the biscuits at Tupelo Honey.... yes, yes I know. But overall this place is A-Ok. Need to return and get the fried green tomato BLT soon!
1	Not impressed at all. I read so many great reviews so disappointment is an understatement. Had the pasta and sausage scramble, grits and biscuit. Pasta scramble was so bland it was unbelievable. Grits were ok, but had a rancid aftertaste to them, and biscuit was far too doughy. Also tried the Cajun chicken scramble, the only flavorful part was the sun dried tomatoes however they overpowered the dish. I will not be returning.
3	Really wanted to rate this two stars, but the excellent service won me over.So full disclosure I love brunch, but hate eggs.  So I was SOL at flying biscuit.  Just about everything included eggs.  Usually I can work around this, and I did - but the food was just mediocre.  Facts are I prefer Tupelo Honey a lot more.  Tupelo wins on hashbrowns, on bacon and on french toast...it's a tie for biscuits.  I'll give them this  Flying Biscuit does a really good biscuit.  It'd be criminal if the biscuit sucked.Our waiter was charming and attentive.  He saved my dining experience.  This place is a far trek from Concord and there are far better options - hell waffle house is better IMO.
2	I have a friend who loves this place... My third visit, I just don't understand it. The chicken in my wrap was just terrible, I couldn't eat it. I wonder if it comes in pre-cooked? The only redeeming factor would have been the biscuit , however I never got my promised biscuit. Tried to flag down server, but it did not work. I hope I don't have to return.
5	The food made my mouth water like the Niagra Falls. The service was great!! I ordered half of their menu one time, and like a wild vulture from the African Plains, I devoured it all! After a while I took a 3pound crap at work and the bathroom was off limits  for  awhile. All in all, it was worth the brown volcano. Come here and try out all their great selections!!! This place is great!
4	Service was very good! She was super sweet. The food is almost excessively rich- it's the South! Go with the shrimp and grits! Wow!Clean and comfortable place. So much better than stopping of at a chain breakfast place.
4	I recently discovered The Flying Biscuit Cafe through the ordering and food delivery service Foodie Call. I love trying new restaurants, and anybody that serves breakfast from morning til night is a winner in my book! That said however, just as a disclaimer: I've never actually been directly on location so I can't comment about their whereabouts, staff or service in general. I can however say anytime I've called ahead of ordering through Foodie to ask about any ingredients used, they have been more than willing to go look up anything I asked about, due to family food allergies.As for their food though, everything I've had so far has been absolutely delicious! If you're looking for details on individual items, continue reading, otherwise, just stop here and know that The Flying Biscuit is great place to grab a good hot plate of food.1) Their "Spicy Shrimp Quesadilla" is exactly as described, sauteed shrimp, white cheddar cheese, and lots of serrano peppers sandwiched in a flower tortilla. They don't scrimp on the shrimp or the peppers either, and when they say spicy they mean business!2) The "Blackened Tilapia" is fresh tasting and seasoned well. It's usually served over their "Creamy Dreamy Grits" and topped with spicy herb marinara sauce. It comes with a side of spicy southern collard greens, which I've also ordered as a singular side dish. They're good, but not as spicy as I had expected, and not quite how I remember traditional greens being served, (a few too many stems) but a nice flavor just the same.3) Their "Egg-Stravaganza" plate is great. You get two eggs any way you could enjoy them, chicken sausage, two slices of turkey bacon and their creamy dreamy grits. It also comes with a side of toast, and their homemade raspberry and honey creme anglaise sauces. The raspberry sauce is to die for, I mean really, it's that good! The eggs are always fresh, the chicken sausage while a bit of a different texture from the pork sausage that I'm used to is still spiced to perfection. They offer an option to substitute sides in and out on most of their menu items, so if turkey bacon isn't your thing you can always get pork bacon. Either way, it's a lot of food for one plate, and it's very filling.4) The "Pasta, Sausage and Eggs" plate is probably an acquired taste, but I enjoyed it. You get three eggs, scrambled up with chicken sausage, spinach, mushrooms, penne pasta, covered in cheddar cheese and it's served with a side of their grits. The flavors of everything worked well together, but the texture was odd due to I'm assuming the grain of the penne pasta alongside the chicken sausage.5) Their biscuits are always fluffy, and the apple butter they serve with it has a nice spice to it. 6) Their grits have a wonderful flavor and consistency, probably some of the best I've ever had from a restaurant. 7) Their seasonal fruit has always been fresh. 8) Their yogurt parfait with granola and strawberries is always a light and yummy treat.  9) The grilled macaroni and cheese is a favorite of everybody in my family, especially my daughter. I won't lie, those little crispy cheese edges are scrumptious. 10) Their blueberry pancakes are delicious, very fresh tasting, always fluffy. 11) Their "Love Cakes" were a little dry for my taste, but overall still pretty tasty.12) Their Organic Oatmeal Pancakes are exactly what you think, oatmeal pancakes and it's our favorite item on the menu. They're topped with peach compote but we actually use the previously mentioned raspberry sauce on ours (or even the apple butter on occasion) and ask for the compote on the side, it makes for an amazing breakfast (or breakfast for dinner) and coupled with any of their various sides listed above, you seriously can't go wrong.I look forward to trying more of their dishes, and continuing to enjoy all that I've had thus far. I was made aware about a month ago (May/June 2014) that they've been making some menu changes, so there are probably even more goodies at their actual locale to try, devour and deem delicious. Enjoy!
3	I thought the shrimp quesadilla was fabulous. However, the meal was surprisingly disappointing. I had the blackened tilapia on grits which was not very flavorful.  However, the fish was very fresh. The unsweetened ice tea was very good and the service was wonderful. Prices are very reasonable.
3	Excellent service and grits were super creamy.  I am not an expert in grits but I did like them. Had the southern scramble eggs. were not very fluffy nor did they have much collards. Biscuits were tasty and not too heavy.
5	I get board and go on what my friends and family call "Adventures". So I came across Flying Biscuit when I was suppose to be going to class one day. I so happy I deceided to be late that day. I had the Southern Scramble. It was freaking awesome. Collard greens, turkey bacon, cheese and a side of their Dreamy Grits. I was so stuff I didn't eat again until dinner. The food is so fresh and they use organic ingredients. There whole menu is full of great meals. Just writing this review make want to leave work and go there now. So go have breakfast or brunch or even dinner there you will not be disappointed.
3	Meh. I had to waive down someone to take my drink order. She informed me that she would go get my actual server, and when someone came over it was a different girl that informed us that she was not our server but she would take my drink order anyway.  She brought our drinks and took our order.  Someone else brought the food too.  Our "server" didn't show up until it was time for the check. -_-We came because a friend recommended it, said the grits were amazing. They were good, but not as good as the Leroy Fox! The biscuit was good, I would've like to have been offered something to slather on it, like a jelly or jam. I just ended up putting my eggs on it.
3	If you're looking for a breakfast spot that falls in-between Bojangles and a brunch spot on east blvd this is your place.I wasn't aware that this FB was a chain. You can't really tell from the decor. Located in the park road shopping center, Flying Biscuit is filled with little tables and booths covered in bright sunflower table clothes.Our waitress was attentive and she never let my coffee run low. Major brownie points for that. I ordered the Pimento eggs Benedict, it was really great. It was different with the pimento and super filling. I would go ahead and order that again. Colin got this odd oatmeal pancake, I don't think he will get that again. Overall, if you're looking for a quick diner like breakfast place, give Flying Biscuit a try.
2	This place is always packed on the weekends. I've heard the buzz, passed up a few opportunities to try it until last weekend. In the mood to stand in line, we waited only 15 minutes - not too bad with the amount of people gathered out front. Got a table on the back porch and loved the breeze. Whether it was the amount of people in the restaurant or poor service, our waitress was running all over the place and not paying much attention to us. Food was decent at best. Grits were creamy as advertised and were the bright spot of an otherwise forgettable meal. Don't understand the hype, Still on the lookout for a great breakfast place in CLT.
4	Would have given this place five stars if not for the biscuits. We visited on a busy Sunday but the service was quick and friendly. This was our first visit, based on a friend's recommendation, and we really liked the diverse choices on the breakfast menu. Eggs were cooked perfectly, I loved the moon dusted potatoes which I substituted for the creamy dreamy grits. My hubby had those and said they were as heavenly as described. I really enjoyed the eggs over black bean cakes with feta, tomatillo and sour cream. Would def order that again! Coffee was hot, fresh and good. Love the funky decor, it seemed like a popular local hangout. So...the biscuits? Well, we love us some good southern biscuits, and for a place with biscuit in the name, we were just disappointed. They were kinda sweet, and a little dry. Don't let that stop you though, overall a great breakfast find.
2	For some reason I feel like this place has gone downhill....fast.I used to  love them, or maybe I was just ignorant of all the other yummy places around but this last visit was majorly disappointing.The biscuits are still pretty good...not served as warm and they were a little more dry.  My go-to meal is the organic oatmeal pancakes with peaches.  This past time they were dry, almost overcooked and bland.  The eggs were okay but not fluffy, the chicken sausage was greasy and chewy, the fruit was primarily honey dew, etc etc.  I could go on and on.  The service was okay but honestly, not super efficient or friendly.  They were packed on Saturday and they are in a great location but I'm over them.  I just don't think the quality is that great.  Too many other spots popping up around town.
5	The Flying Biscuit is a chain, but I don't hold that against it. This is easily one of my favorite breakfast spots in Charlotte.On weekend mornings, there is typically a small crowd waiting outside, but I've never had to wait long. There are a few tables out front, a cute, cheerful dining room (you can sit at the counter if you like), and a covered deck or porch out back with additional seating.Service has always been friendly and attentive, but the real reason I keep coming back is the food. Every single breakfast I've eaten here has been excellent (they do serve lunch and dinner, but I'm so in love with their breakfasts, I see no reason to stray). Pancakes, French toast, scrambles and omelets--all of them are great, and so are the grits, potatoes, chicken sausage, and/or fresh fruit you can get with them. Then, of course, there's the biscuits. They're great on their own, but do yourself a favor and spread some cranberry apple butter on top.
5	The Flying Biscuit never lets us down! My fiance and I are almost happy we moved to this area just because of this restaurant alone. We tried swaying from our favorite Sunday brunch spot to try Harper's in South Park but realized what a mistake we made, so back to Flying Biscuit we went! Although the line can be extremely long on weekends, the staff always gets everyone sat in a very timely manner. Then the service is always very quick too! Whether you want a quick brunch or one where you relax and enjoy, this is the place. We took family here when they came in town and it was their favorite experience of all the restaurants we visited that weekend. You can't go wrong with biscuits and gravy, I've had several of their omelettes which are all wonderful and the biscuits are great too! This place will definitely continue to be a regular spot.
3	They have the best grits in town, in my opinion. However, there other menu items are often flavorless or overcooked. My biscuit was dry and bland, very dense and not fluffy like a good biscuit should be. Also the service tends to be hit or miss. But for the price, it's ok and they do offer a good bit of healthy fare.
4	I would definitely come back here. The food is great, I had there pumpkin pancakes and a biscuit with gravy and both were awesome. There service decent but they forgot my silverware and there wasn't enough sugar on the table. Both fixable things. There coffee is medium  in strength which is better then most. They will also cook to order which is great. I don't eat much and I hate wasting food so I was able to order a single pancake and a single biscuit.  Over all I do recommend it.
2	I need to tell you first that my boyfriend and I were returning to Charlotte after a weekend trip to NYC. Since he has relocated to the area from California, I thought it would be fun to hit the reknown "Flying Biscuit Cafe" for breakfast (early early return flight). I had never been there, but have friends that rave. Anyway, the menu offers few truly healthy choices, but he was able to pick something. I picked the most popular breakfast platter. Can't remember the name, it's literally the first one on the menu. Anyway, my eggs were so-so, the chicken sausage disgusting (dry yet greasy???) and the biscuit was a little hard. I thought, "What is all the fuss about?" We were seated outside pretty quickly and the wait staff was pretty efficient and friendly. Anyway, I've had better (not just in NYC which blows this area away) so I most likely won't return.
2	Was really hopeful given the reviews, but the only thing I liked was my latte. The biscuits and gravy come with eggs on top and a side of grits. So basically a huge pile of brown food- appetizing? I think not. It just wasn't good, big miss for me.
3	For a place called the flying biscuit, their biscuits aren't so sky high. Chick-fil-a has better biscuits in my opinion. However, their chicken sausage gravy and grits are both amazing.
4	The menu selection is huge and there are many items I would want to come back and try, such as the blueberry pancakes and chicken scramble with roasted red peppers and feta cheese.  I settled on the eggs benedict and the unusual ingredient was the pimento cheese, which added a nice punch of flavor, and I loved the turkey bacon.  I agree with other reviewers though on the biscuit, considering it's the namesake it was.....just okay (a little too dry at the ends).  My pumpkin latte was a nice treat.
5	This is the first review I have done on yelp. I could resist to let everyone else know how amazing this place is! I went with 3 other people and we all got something different. With that being said all 4 dishes were great! There was a wait on a Sunday morning but it wasn't too long. I highly recommend the southern style eggs Benedict!
3	It's hard to get breakfast wrong and the breakfast is certainly decent though nothing spectacular. What is odd to me is that the biscuits (their namesake) are just not good and the reason for review.
3	Meh. Everything was just ok. Do not go here when it's cold outside. We were seated right by the door whi was constantly opening. Freezing does not make for an enjoyable meal.
5	This place is great. Food is always good and the service is excellent. There is generally a little bit of a wait, but if you come in anticipating that you should be fine. Generally avg of 15 mins or so.
5	While in the area I wasn't sure where to eat so I did as I usually will and scoured Yelp. The Flying Biscuit has lived up to its reputation and served me quite possibly the best breakfast I have ever been served.- Quirky Interior- Inexpensive Prices- Friendly Service- Flavor Packed Food- Variety in Menu- Easy-to-Find LocationI wasn't sure what to expect from the shopping mall exterior but when I walked up to see a friendly face at the door and corn hole boards for those that wait, I was pleased.I started off with a Large OJ ($2.99) and while the size wasn't what I expected, it did taste like fresh squeeze which is much better than paying the Gallon price for a cup of Minute Maid.I ordered the sausage gravy, eggs and biscuits ($9.29). The grits are so good! Everything was packed with flavor.My wife ordered the Turkey hash ($9.25). It was So delicious! The meat was so tender and packed with flavor. I asked for tomatillo sauce on side and it just boosted the delicious factor for me.I would highly recommend you stop here for a few bites!
5	Just left this restaurant  for the 1st time,on a rainy busy Saturday morning and I was impressed at the customer service and the quality of the food. My waiter was  really friendly and attentive. I ordered the piedmont omelet it was great. I love that this restaurant serves turkey bacon and chicken patties because I don't eat pork neither beef.  The restrooms were clean as well. I will return again whenever I'm in Charlotte!
4	This place is amazing! My fiance said "it's like they asked me what I wanted to eat and put it on the menu".  If you are not a beef or pork eater this is the perfect place!  A lot of their items are made with turkey.  Finally!!! I know it's the south, but it seems like  beef and pork, especially bacon have been forced on the public by the producers.  Anywho, the food is amazing, and worth the 30 minute drive from our house.
5	The Flying Biscuit is an interesting cafe. I came here with my wife to have breakfast and I left enlightened. Charlotte has a really special breakfast place worth going to if your in town. We dined in and I ordered a spinach omelet with a side of applewood smoked bacon, The spinach omelet was made with egg whites and came with a bowl of mixed fruit which was good. I'm not a vegan by any means but this meal had me leaving this fine establishment feeling like Popeye. The waiter was attentive to request and the food was delish! That earns 5 stars in my book. I will definitely be back.
5	The flying biscuit has great breakfast and lunch options. Definitely the go to sunday breakfast spot.
5	A very creative menu  regular breakfast classics along with innovative twists such as eggs Benedict set upon homemade corned beef hash. Health conscious guest can choose fresh fruit or a delightful quinoa salad in lieu of home fries. Service was prompt and professional.
5	If you haven't been to the Biscuit yet, you have done yourself a great disservice. I have been here about a hundred times and have had just about everything on the menu and I never had a bad meal here. The steak and eggs are nothing short of phenomenal and the biscuits are out of this world. Run, don't walk to the Biscuit for breakfast. Make sure to get there early, or you'll find yourself waiting in a long line!  This place lives up to the hype.
