4	When it comes to book shopping, I'm more of a get-in-and-go type than a browser. I usually go out to buy a book for a specific purpose (e.g., an upcoming trip where I'll have lots of down time), so I appreciate when bookstores lay out books in the front for quick selecting. Borders usually does a really good job of separating out some quick picks by type (new non-fiction, clearance, bestsellers), so it's a good fit for my book shopping style. I went to this location to pick a book for this upcoming weekend (my husband is taking the AZ bar exam early next week, so I'll have a lot of alone time) and quickly found something that looked interesting on the bestsellers table. The downside of Borders is that the prices are high compared to  buying a book online (my top choice is Amazon.com), but the upside is that it's easier to browse than on Amazon, where I usually find book shopping overwhelming if I don't have a specific book or genre in mind. The staff at this particular location are friendly and the parking is definitely ample. There is also a Seattle's Best inside this location, a coffee shop I love, but I didn't buy anything from it on my first visit here.
5	Lately, I have found myself reading a lot of books, and was looking to pic up some more reading material for my lunch hours at work.  I had already hit bookmans and changing hands, with no luck. So, I decided to hit borders to see what they may have had to offer.I've been to this location before, but not in a couple months.   I like borders for a few reasons, but I find that their store is well stocked and the staff is usually really friendly.  I wandered the store, and even though I didnt have a specific book in mind, I had an idea of what I wanted to read.  I like thier bargin book section, and the layout of the store, with overhead signs, and signs on the actual bookstore itself.Even though I did not purchase anything, shopping here was fun.  Staff was friendly, hours are great, and you can always order those hard to find books that you may need if they dont have them on the shelf.
3	This borders seems very sparse when it comes to books. My husband was looking for a particular book on economics and they did not have it. I had a hard time finding what I was looking for and customer service was missing in action. No one ever came up to see if we needed help. When I tried to get someones attention, they were too busy talking amongst themselves.There was a old hag at the checkout counter and she took her time with nonsense bs with her customer before us. It seemed like her conversation would never end. Although I don't care about BN that much, I think I would prefer going to BN then coming here.
4	Very nice and clean. Lots of books and magazines. Great place to jump in and lose yourself for an hour.
2	There was no music (dead silence) in the store (54th St& I-10) on Sun 11-28-10. When asked if the music can be turned on, they said a) the music system is down and b) the speakers are too static-y. (Usually it means the early morning crew or the cleaning crew has turned the music on too loud when working and the speakers are blown.) When will the speakers at this store be fixed? It feels dead inside. especially at holiday time.  Just like a big warehouse, no ambiance.Also at the coffee bar, after I had already bought my coffee I was informed "... there are no hot lids" - since I got the coffee to go, this was a quandary. The cold lids didn't fit the hot cups. If they know there are "no hot lids" and the cold lids do not  fit the hot cups - tell this to people up front. Should actually say "no lids" will fit these cups - instead of "no hot lids" which implies there are cold lids to use ... which don't fit.Or better yet, buy some at a store and restock the lids ... what a disappointment my visit to this store was ... just a big nothing.when asked, the barista said they've been out of hot lids for several days due to black friday ... can't you buy more lids at the store?the whole thing seems rinky-dink ... like it's being run by teenagers or 20-somthings without a clue ... like there's no manager on premises to notice these things and fix them.I wanted to buy something but didn't ... I felt "wrong" for having gone there.
