4	Good stuff.  Just be sure to check the dates on all perishable items.There baked goods are yum.  Try the cakes & cupcakes.
4	Pricey but a wonderful selection of fresh & easy tasty treats.  Shopping for a relative on chemo, we're looking for soft foods that won't upset her stomach - and a wide variety of things.  Found guava pudding, mango pudding, Greek fig yogurt, all kinds of glorious things.  Produce was a bit pricier than other stores, but looked great.  Friendly staff and very clean store - look forward to this chain opening up closer to my home.
4	Still great selection of "fresh and easy" items.  I really like that they have the nutritional information on most of their fresh items (so yes, you know that slice of carrot cake is 740 calories...)  ;)
4	Crescent rolls. A very important component of my diet and a central component of I dunno, 50% of the recipes I know how to make . Yelp isn't really the place to debate about the nutritional value of crescent rolls but suffice it to say my husband and I go through a can of these a week. Since I'm shopping for this magical can of crescent rolls so often I'm pretty savvy on the prices. Which is why I almost cried when I saw Glazier's was charging $3 DOLLARS for a can of brand X crescent rolls. AND they didn't have my reduced fat crescent rolls. WTF. F&E has a very reasonable price of $1.99.. on the pillsbury brand.. on the reduced fat variety. A miracle I tell you ! I was shocked to find they even had the all the quirky items on my shopping list (velveeta) in such a small store . Lastly props to them for all the awesome fresh prepared options they had. Although I have yet to try them for myself, they did look quite tasty and had a great lineup of options (pesto pasta with tomatoes and fresh mozzarella for $2.99 anyone?)I walked away so impressed this might be the place I start doing 90% of my grocery shopping. Glaziers - your seafood, butcher, and produce still cannot be beat !
3	Convenient being co close to home, & sometimes have great deals in their markdown section. Like their brand of tortilla chips since they are organic & multiple-colored with chipotle, but limit myself on them because the sodium count is so much higher than TraderJoe's & Target's store brand of organic chips. Not a very large selection of organic produce or healthier brands so not my go-to store, but I'll stop here if I'm in a rush since it is faster than the lines at Trader's & Whole Foods.
3	Better than the big box stores, but still not as great as it really could be. When they started showing up, I thought Fresh & Easy was on to something great. But now after shopping there for a couple years, I see flaws for sure. At this particular store, they seem to run out of certain produce about 40% of the time, and I've bought a couple of things that were past their expiration date and had to return them. I really like the idea behind it, but the execution has been lacking. We'll see what the future brings!
1	I have been a very loyal F&E shopper since the stores opened in Las Vegas. I even shop at Tesco when I am in Scotland! I always have the most positive experiences when I am there and I always tell my friends how much I love the stores. They are always clean, the food is always fresh and beautiful, and the customer service is always impeccable. Until I started visiting the store on Green Valley and Horizon Ridge. I normally shop at the location on Decatur and Cactus because it is the closest to my house and I love the staff there. They are always very friendly, offer help whenever I pass by and always help me bag my groceries. I have visited the Green Valley and Horizon Ridge location a hand full of times on my way home from my parents house just because it is convenient. But I have never left there with the same warm fuzzies as when I leave the Decatur and Cactus store (or any of the other Las Vegas locations for that matter).Last night I went to the Green Valley location at around 8 pm. I had a long list of things that I needed to stock up on for the next few weeks. As I went up and down each aisle I saw multiple employees (there had to be 3-4 working at the time) yet not one offered to help me with anything. One of them even cut in front of me to grab something that was in front of me. Didn't say excuse me or smile or anything. I'm used to not being offered help at this particular location so I didn't really thin anything of it. As I was going down the frozen food aisle another employee was in the aisle walking towards me so that I had to move to get out of his way. Again, didn't say excuse me or anything. At the end of my trip I did one more lap through the store to make sure I hadn't forgotten anything on my list. As I turned down the dairy aisle there were two employees both standing in the middle, texting on their cell phones and talking (including curse words). Again, did not move to get out of my way (and they were very much in my way) or offer me any help. Again, I'm used that that at that location so I didn't think much of it.Finally I went to one of the registers to check out. This is where I started getting very upset. ALas VegasLas Vegast most locations if an employee sees you with a cart full of groceries, they come over and help you bag everything up, even when it is busy in the store. This did not happen last night. I started to ring up my groceries and was having a lot of trouble because they kept piling up at the end of the belt. At one point one of the employees that was texting in the dairy aisle walked to the end of the aisle, looked at me and the rest of the customers that were ringing up our groceries then turned and walked away. Shortly after that another employee went to one of the registers, bought a drink then walked to the back of the store. There was a woman at the next register who had a baby with her that was ringing up a cart full of groceries and no one offered to help her either. I wouldn't have been as upset if someone offered her help and not me, but neither of us were offered help.I was very disappointed in the lack of customer service that I received last night. I'm sure the employees are not required to help bag groceries or offer help to customers but I would rather go to a location that does do those things.
4	It's Fresh and So Easy...Gotta love this place.. It's not uber crowded like your typical walmart. nor expensive like your WholeFoods.. This place is simple it's cheap everything is pretty much fresh. I must warn you though make sure you only buy what you will consume in the next few days to a week because their products spoil easy. But everything is fresh and great no problems..
1	I had an issue with another Fresh and Easy store selling me green meat on 3 occasions, so I quit going to all their stores for 6 months.  Of course, I emailed their corporate office and never heard a thing.  After 6 months, and a new neighborhood, one of my neighbors told me about the Fresh and Easy around the corner from me.  Why I thought this would be better is beyond me?  I purchased an item from the close out section.  When I was charged full price, I attempted to alert the nearest person I could find.  She was so busy straightening merchandise, she seemed like she could care less.  She then proceeded to tell me I made the mistake of scanning the wrong part of the item, thats why I was charged full price.  Your people need to mark them correctly then.  How is that MY fault?  Then she told me it was my fault because I already checked out and should have alerted her earlier.  5 minutes later she was still trying to figure it out, so I grabbed my items and left pissed off as usual.I e mailed Fresh and Easy last week and once again, have heard nothing.  No wonder their stores keep closing.  Nothing like receiving  subpar customer service and spent more than $500 per month, and your rewards card doesn't give you the rewards promised.At least with Smith's, I get GREAT customer service.  I would rather drive more and pay more, and spend my money where someone gives me the service I deserve. I can spend my $6,000 a year somewhere else.
4	Absolutely enjoy this location. I shopped the one in Summerlin off of Desert Inn and Ft. Apache a lot when I lived in that area and loved it. Since moving back to Green Valley, I only shop this one every now and then.It is very clean and organized. Never too crowded and a pleasure to shop. There's another location closer to me but I think I like this one better. But, I will shop the other more often because of the convenience. Love what you're doing here and keep up the great work.
5	I love that I'm in & out of here in 5-20 minutes every time.  I never have to wait to check out...unless I am buying booze which requires an ID check.  They have a small selection of organics...not a lot, but it seems to be growing little by little.  I use their rewards card to rack up points I can convert into cash.  They always send coupons online for $5 off of $25, $6 off of $30, $12 off of $60, etc...  You can also go paperless if you use the phone app.  They can also be utilized more than once.  Let's say I buy $100 in groceries.  I can ring up $25 on 4 separate transactions for $5 off of each $25 & it works fine.  Yes, a little tedious, but worth saving 20% off.   If only they carried the Newman's Own brand of products & ammunition, I could avoid WalMart completely!
4	I like this location better than the one by my house. This F/E has something that I haven't seen at others...... By the handicapped parking, there is parking spots specifically for parents with children ! So cool !With my friends points, I finally had enough to convert to $5, which means that my figs today, were free. No complaints.
3	I find the prices have really gotten out of hand at F&E.  After my last visit and the unfriendly employee (not the first time), I don't think I will be back.
5	Love this place ! Went in looking for cookies because it's Christmas Eve and no one is open . The guy was really nice and very informational . Everything is fresh and when you go in they have marked down items because it was made earlier in the day . They also have this orange juice machine that squeezes fresh oranges right into your cup . And the place has wife and outlets so you can charge your phone or even use a computer :) recommend this place to everyone !
4	Spent the day with the 13&14 year old -- they loved the zoo and the baloon ride. Which is extra and provides a great view of Philadelphia and the surrounding area.
