4	One star for having the most random yet super cute goodies that did not break my pocketbook (and of course, lots of other ones that would have, for me to just moon over...)One star for rockin' the boombastic 'icanthearyou' music that encourages you to continue quickly piling things into your arms since you are unable to carry on any sort of conversation with the gal pal who accompanied you into the store.One star for the cute punked out little sales chick who...while she did not think I was a size Small, definitely agreed I was a Medium...and was super helpful about not pointing out that I was probably 10 years too old to be shopping in there.One star for the sale rack, where I managed to find not one, but two super cute tops... one of which I have already worn and gotten rave reviews from the coworkers on. Gotta love the sales.Before this visit I'd only heard about MetroPark in mags accompanied by bright photos of crazy ass looking jeans....or in random convos I'd catch snatches of. Now I have seen those funky rhinestone covered jeans in person and I just gotta say...WHO WEARS THOSE????BTW this place is in the Miracle Mile Mall. Which is ... not a mile...but certainly fun to shop in.
1	out of all the metro park stores ive been including the ones in vegas this was probably the worse one ive been too. the workers looked miserable to be there and yeah thats all
3	Boohoo for all the metropark lovers out there!! Metropark is officially closing out as a company!! I went to the Planet Hollywood location a couple of days ago, and they are literally selling it all! I was expecting a huge sale, but the prices were still up there for a liquidation sale! There also was not much left! The entire store is about 30-50 percent off the original price, and clearance is an additional 20 percent. There are selling all tables and televisions as well! There were 2 tv's left! a 42-inch for 400 bucks, and a 50-inch for 500! So if you're interested, check it out asap before it's gone!
2	How does MetroPark inventory work?When we came in, we saw a sign that announced that the store was closing for good in two days. Is it then reasonable for one to expect really, really cheap prices? Perhaps if this was a "normal" store.I saw a cute dress that I really wanted up until I saw the $70 tag. Pass!
