4	I visited this store recently with a friend and took part in a Saturday class.  It was great!  The teacher was very knowledgeable and the store was beautiful.  While we were there the store had a great sale and we were able to pick up 25% off our entire purchase.  On the way out we were both handed another coupon for 50% off another entire purchase on a different day.  This store is great for anyone who enjoys yoga and the sales staff was friendly and knowledgeable.
5	Getting back into the whole working out thing. Of course you got to look good while doing it. My first stop was Calvin Klein Performance at the Scottsdale Quarter.  I loved everything they have in there and the prices are reasonable.  Ashley was helping me out with the pants. She was very friendly asking where I have my gym membership and it turns out she goes there too.  Ashley told me about the free yoga classes they offer every Saturday and after you've done the class, they give you a discount in their store that you can use for the day.  She also took my email address to send me info on the sales and upcoming events, etc.  Looking forward to getting into better shape so I can sport those tight pants and shorts.
5	GO! GO! GO! GO! RUN!!!!! Run to CK Performance!!!!!! First of all, the staff is SOOOOO friendly and you feel welcomed from the moment you walk in until the moment you walk out. The clothes are SO cute, comfortable and reasonable in prices. It's not all about workout gear either, they sell some of the cutest tops I've seen and OH SO COMFORTABLE! If you purchase an item that is too long, guess what?? They offer FREE alterations!!!! You can't go wrong. If you're in the fitness industry like myself (I'm a Zumba Fitness Instructor) or if you're getting back to the gym or just want some super stylish and comfy clothes, you gotta get yourself to CK Performance.If you're an instructor, ask about the instructor discount.I've sent my students from Studio North Yoga & Dance to CK Performance and they all LOVE this place!!!!
5	Simply put, this store is amazing. Stylish, classy, and comfortable clothing at VERY reasonable prices. They have a lot of workout gear, in addition to everyday clothing. My parents sent me several things from here for my birthday last month, and my mom wanted to take me on my recent visit since I loved everything they sent. They had a great sale going on, and I can tell you I did not leave empty handed (good thing I had half of an empty suitcase to fill)!! All of the clothing sold here is incredibly comfortable and is good for the young and not-so-young. The employees are super friendly and give honest opinions on what looks good- or not.I hope they open more of these stores across the country!
5	I love this store!!! Just found out about it from a shopaholic who knows where everything good in Scottsdale is. Sometimes she's a bit off...but this time she really nailed it. The greatest, sweetest girls run thus store and you can tell they love their products and know them amazingly well. I will definitely make this CK store my go to for leisure and workout attire. Also all ages were in the store you should know. Now for the best part of all: SALLY!!!! Thank you for your help with sizes and cute stuff you picked for me. Nothing was too much trouble and you made me feel so much at ease. The second best part was Francine! OMG, Thank you for making me feel so welcome! No need to be shy with you. I felt so welcome!!!
5	Great staff!!!Came in with my mom yesterday, heard by a friend this is the place to be! The whole store was 25% off and skirts were 40% off.The two women that were working we're so personable and helpful to both my mother & I . The clothing is super cute and very comfortable. Highly suggest checking them out before going heading in any other active store-  their prices are great and you might find something even better!
3	Love the store, but was disappointed in the holiday weekend sale offered.  Their on-line ad says everything is 40 percent (and some items 50%) off this weekend, but when I went in to purchase a jacket, they were not offering that sale.  Individual items started at only 20% off with increasing discounts if you bought more.  I wouldn't have made a special trip if I knew they were not following CK's online promotion.  If you're looking for something special, I recommend calling before you go.
