5	I love this lounge. It has a very cool and slightly retro feel to it and is just a awesome spot to hang out in. The bartender told me the design was based on a "a place that Elvis would have liked to hang out after one of his shows.." It is located just outside the Cirque du Soleil @ The Aria Resort inside City Center. We had dinner at UNION Steakhouse on the main casino floor - -it was great, and the server invited us to check this lounge out. It is managed by the same group that handles UNION Steakhouse. There was a DJ and we had a line pass and no cover, as the server from UNION took care of that for us. I say check it out. Lots of hot lil ladies working there and hanging out there when we went.
1	A great place to pay too much money for mediocre drinks, in an atmosphere thick with douchebags, poseurs and upscale baby-boomers fresh from the nearby Elvis show.  The decor is sort of cool, but so what?  It's not worth the soul-searingly bourgeois, spiritually bankrupt atmo.  There are a million cooler places to get a drink in Vegas.
2	Eh, well, it wasn't anything to write home about.  Just an empty bar/lounge, with a huge horse lamp.  They made it seem like you had to be on the list to even get in the doors (run by the lightgroup).  Nothing special about it, it's adjacent to the Viva Elvis theater up the escaltor from the casino.Probably won't go back, there's no real draw.
5	The name would make one think "good gaud," but actually Gold Lounge is anything but gaudy. It's understated with a retro feel. This lounge doesn't resort to garish attempts for attention, nor did the crowd on the night I attended. Yes, it always helps to be on the list, as our entire group was. But, hello, this is Las Vegas and if you want to ensure a good time in any Vegas lounge, nightclub or restaurant, dress nice and be on the list. Keeping in mind we were on the list and had a table with bottle service, our servers were friendly, attentive and fast. Our table area was very roomy with plenty of seats for everyone, conveniently placed, small tables so we could set down our drinks and enough room for some low-key dancing. The bar area is also roomy and allowed  for easy socializing and mingling, without the constant intrusion of a staff member asking you to "move along."Drinks were nothing special, but what I appreciated about Gold Lounge the most was the relaxed vibe and the music. There was no fist pumping action. The feel of the lounge, the music and the crowd were all sophisticated and laid back. And, the hubby and I have added Gold Lounge to our list of places to go to for date nights.
1	Wanted to retreat to a lounge after a long day.  This is not the place to visit.  It is a loud bar scene for the younger crowd.  Chose to pass on this "lounge."    Lounge is a stretch.  It is more of a club.
4	Went on a Wednesday night, and it was surprisingly packed at 1am.  Didn't have to pay cover (might be a product of being there late Wednesday night, but Yay anyways).  Good place to lounge around and drink(too loud to chat) or get up and dance.  They have 4 private well-maintained restrooms,  alluring servers, attractive bartenders, and the clientelle wasn't too shabby either (yeah that includes me!).  Drinks seemed to be normal bar/club price...$5-$10.  It might be harder to find a seat when the Elvis show opens up next door.
2	Gold's is a nice lounge, but there is something missing from this place that makes it kinda blah over all, but was a nice place to grab a quick drink with friends.
2	service was only ok. the place was not that crowded we went to have drinks and apps before the 9:30 show. even though the place was not busy our waitress  & service was FAIR. the prices are usual for the strip in vegas, $15 a drink, the apps were ok nothing great. i did like the decor it was fun and the music was club music and not too loud, we were able to hear one another when we talked. i think it turns into night club after hours, when the show was over at 11pm or so there was a bouncer and the doors were closed. not sure if there was a cover at that point?
1	Two words: Light Group! They are terrible from every angle. I wold give this place no stars if I could. Stay away from Haze at Aria also!!
1	I gave it one star because I had no option for none. Seriously! We came for 4 days to relax @ Aria after a family death & from every facet of the Aria INCLUDING Gold Lounge & Haze - it was a DISASTER. They think they are better than everyone, way too snobby and very rude. They are very discriminative, they let in who they want in. We ended up at Deuce & were treated like rock-stars. We came with $1200 just to spend at that club, so thanks Gold, we spent our money where we were treated right. Gave the doorman at Deuce $100 just for being so nice. Hey guess what Gold Lounge - your not even a 3 star anything, so get off your high horse. Can't wait to see you close down.
2	Went to Gold Lounge on Saturday night.  Overall, I give it a "meh."  This is most definitely not a lounge, a definite nightclub.  The lounge itself is really small, and it gets packed fairly quickly.  The drinks are a rip off, but then again it's vegas, so to be expected.  The staff was actually really helpful and on point.  They have these sweet animal horns hanging from the lights over the bar.  The music was great, the DJ really knows what he's doing.  The biggest issue I had with this place was that I didn't feel like I was in Vegas when I walked in, it reminded me of an ok nightclub in any downtown area, anywhere.  As previously commented, this place is loud, and definitely not for those looking for a quiet night.  I know a previous reviewer commented about being "on the list" but this place is far from exclusive.  The only "list" you need to be on is the one that shows you have a valid license over 21.  It was actually super annoying being blinded by camera flashes all night from the losers that would order their ONE bottle of Sky vodka and take pictures of it and themselves all night.  I blame facebook.
4	Great place I went to Friday night--we had drink coupons for buy one get one free---bartender honored the coupons and let us use ALL of them in one transaction! It was great---we came around 11pm and the guys at the door were GREAT, we didnt' have a table but they went ahead and let us use a table until it got sold.  AMAZING!
2	Gold Lounge was recommended by a few friends... so I was really expecting a lot more.The place, itself, was nice and loungy and chill.  4 stars for atmosphere - although you'd think the decor would be gold-themed.Loved that it was carpeted throughout cuz it was definitely much easier on the feet since us girls all wore 5 inch heels.  5 stars for this.Restrooms were different.  4 individual stalls, coed.  Was on the lower end for such a nice hotel, and the toilets were stainless steel, kinda on the prison-ish side.  Uncool.  2 stars for this.Drinks?  Oh boy, bring your credit card or plenty of cash cuz it's super pricey here to drink.  Either that or do your pre-partying elsewhere, like, your hotel room. 1 star for this.And the DJ?  What the hell was he smoking while spinnin??? He sucked ass.  Worse DJ ever, and I've been to my fair share of clubs, bars, lounges, house parties, weddings, dances, etc.  One minute, he's spinning some good hip hop and top forty, next minute, he's spinnin some weird ass house-ish and chillin music.  Literally, every 3 minutes it was a new genre.  He totally didn't know what he was doing.  Hope Aria wasn't paying him. 1 star for this.  Actually, 0 stars for this.So all in all, Gold Lounge... heh, not my choice. I'd only go back if somebody was hookin up the free bottle service all night long, or if the DJ was replaced with somebody who actually had skills, or if I came with a party of 20 and I was out-voted 19 to 1.  Seriously.
3	Ladies night from 2 AM to 4 AM... YAY!!  Free admission in and free drinks!  I give this place 3 stars because the drinks were really strong ... it did the job!  3 of us ventured to Gold Lounge at around 3AM... we each got drinks- Sex on the Beach, Gin Tonic, and an Adios... each drink was nice and strong!  The music was fun and the atmosphere was chill.  I didn't give more stars because I would probably be annoyed if I had to pay.  And also, it's called "lounge" but there are no places to lounge around unless you spend $$$ for bottle service.  boo to that.
2	The only reason I came here was because I was staying at Aria and it was convenient. Sometimes you are surprised in a good way and this wasnt one of them. Mediocre bartenders who just had no concept of who was at their bar first. We were constantly ignored and told to wait.This place is a circus full of clowns and it isnt a lounge. This is like a supermarket deli with loud music and a crappy bar.
3	I love the Gold Lounge advertising playing on the screen that you can see while driving on the I-15.  That girl can really shake it. If the review is based on just that, it would be a lock for 5 stars from me.But she was not at the Gold Lounge when we were there for the Yelp Viva Elvis pre-show and "surprised" birthday event for an Elite member.  The place was fairly crowded and has a surprising mix of clienteles (not the decked out clubbing crowds).  But maybe that is because it is still early and most of the people inside were there to wait for the Viva Elvis show.The food menu is very limited and on the pricey side, but Aria is a casino concept that aims to cater to the affluent segment of the market.  So if you are an average joe on vacation or a local that is hanging out on the Strip, the cost of entertainment can seem on the high side.  But it is what it is.The lounge is nicely decorated, and is supposed to be a place that El;vis would enjoy hanging out at. So maybe that explains the big old horse lamp just inside the door. The lounge seatings for the most part are comfy.  But overall it is just a decent size room without any partitions to segment the room, unless you count the bar that is centrally located and kind of splits the room in half.   Waitresses clad in tight gold color outfits checks up on you for your orders.  They are friendly and not pushy. And we were respectful and not intoxicated, yet.I would totally recommend the Gold Lounge for refreshments and light snack while you wait for the Viva Elvis Show.  And if you don't finish your drinks before the show, you can bring it with you into the theater.  As long as you swap your glasses for the plastic cups they have out near the theater entrances.Just a quick note, The Gold Lounge is a venture operated by The Light Group in conjunction with Cirque du Soleil.
2	The Gold Lounge is adjacent to the Viva Elvis theater (http://www.yelp.com/biz/cirque-du-soleil---viva-elvis-las-vegas#hrid:4AnaBZgo6J3ichCpap8UJQ).Be sure to pick up your Viva Elvis tickets from will call a little while before your show time.  You should receive BOGO drink coupons to the Gold Lounge with your tickets.  However, don't get too excited about the five Elvis-inspired signature drinks they advertise on the sign outside the lounge.  Although it says NOTHING about any type of exclusions on the coupon, these specialty cocktails are not included in the offer.After getting flustered and disappointed because I couldn't order a "Graceland" or whatever, we settled for a few beers that I could technically order anywhere else.  The server returned to our table first with our bill, followed by her "busser".  Hmm, apparently a few bottles of beer needed to be brought out on a platter with a fancy cloth by two people.  And guess what?  That means the bill had two lines for gratuity (one for the server, one for the busser).  Wowzers.  I realize this is a fancy-schmancy lounge, but jeez.  I think one person could have accomplished the job and been tipped appropriately.The bottles of beer were $9 each (+ tax).  That's right, tax.  Anyway, not bad at BOGO, but questionable without the coupon.The one cool thing about this place is you're allowed/encouraged to grab your cocktails here and take them into the show.  You may be asked to pour your drink into a plastic cup if you have glass though, which is also kind of lame.
3	I wish i could rate this place a 4, but i could only do that after i have had a few in me. A few friends and myself were just cruising Aria, no real plans. We got stopped by a gentleman passing out 2for1 drink tickets at Aria. We slowly followed the sound of music leading to Gold and realized the drink tickets were also our FREE entry in. cover is typically $20.first impression was pretty great considering we paid no cover. the dj played some pretty good tracks, we were all decently faded for a 2for1 price, and it was pretty nice inside.thumbs down:- horse lamp chillin in the corner next to the restrooms. scared the SH*T out of me!- not very lounge-ish, more like a mini club.  - without our 2for1 drink tickets, we would have blown our life savings. -they do not offer tap h2o. if you want water you gotta front $7 for a 12 oz. evian bottle. would i go back? maybe... especially if i had those 2for1 drink tickets.
3	My girlfriends and I came to Gold Lounge for a Girls' Night Out deal; we got 2 bottles at a deep discount, judging by the full prices on the menu. The music was great and the decor was very cool; we liked the horse statue and I LOVED that the bathrooms were single stalls and had a security guard outside.Sadly, our server seemed to write us off when she realized we were a discount table. I'm a bottle server in L.A., so I get it; but as a server, I wasn't going to stiff her on the tip. (** Note: if you don't know, you should tip 20% on the regular price, not on your discount price!! Don't get bottles to look like a baller and then be cheap!!!) We didn't see her very much at all, though, and when she did come by, all she'd say was, "Everything ok?" Servers should be suggesting things for you to blow your money on, especially in Vegas. We had vodka; why didn't she try to sell us Red Bulls? And everywhere else I've ever been in Vegas, the servers sit and chat with you. They're bubbly and flirtatious, and that's how they make their money -- and this happened even when I had a totally comped table. I finally flagged her down to get a bottle of water -- this teeny little bottle of Evian cost me 7 bucks, and I let her keep the change from a 20. After that, she was a LOT more attentive.On the upside, the bussers were great at keeping the ice and juice refilled. In fact, our bussers were so attentive and even talkative, we gave them part of the extra tips we were planning to leave the server. We even made one of our guys a drink, he was so nice.Overall, it's a nice lounge with good music and a good vibe... they just need to send their servers through Vegas Service 101.
2	this place is like bar with a dance floor... definitely not a lounge....also unless you have one of those free passes, cover is 30-40 for guys... yeah right.... good thing its pretty easy to get a hold of those passes....next the drinks are vegas club prices... again... good thing they have 2 for 1 drink coupons... but if you run out... better be ready to shell out $18/drink...and yeah the music is pretty much on a 1 hour rotation... i think i heard the same lil john song 5 times in one night...the only thing this place has going is that its open till 8am
1	Don't waste your money on establishments that hire people with no respect for its customers.While the decor is nice the security personnel is rude and unprofessional. I was there Saturday with friends, we got hand stamps but when we left for the restroom, they made us stand in line to get back in and was quite rude and disrespectful. They were picking and choosing who to let in - which were all scantly clad women and their friends.I have sent letters to the Light Group about the Security staff behavior and treatment. Hopefully they will fire them all or send them to training classes.
3	As a local I try to avoid the Strip at all costs, especially on the weekends.  Saturday, I made an exception and came to Gold Lounge at Aria for the first time.  The reason: my cousin was turning 30 and had driven out from San Diego for the weekend.To be honest, I read a couple of random reviews prior to writing mine, and I have to say... some people are harsh! They complain about prices and about bouncers/hosts discriminating based on looks.  HI. Welcome to Vegas! Get over it.  If you cant afford $15 drinks and $20+ cover then you're in the wrong city or hanging with the wrong crowd.  That being said... on to my review.I arrived around 130 am and had no problem getting in.  I mentioned I was local, they gave me a little ticket thing and I walked right in.  I saw 1 large bar, a smallish dance "area" and several tables (all "reserved" of course).  The music was decent (hip-hop and radio hits) when I arrived but switched to some annoying house-y techno an hour later (I guess they had switched over to their after-hours theme).Major Downsides:-Nowhere to sit and cool your heels even though they claim to be a "lounge".  They kicked my companions off a "reserved" table even though the prior occupants left a good half-hour earlier and no one else was waiting for bottle service.-Unisex restrooms...and only 4 stalls.-annoying switch to house music Upsides:-no wait and no cover... at least for me.-I didnt see any priority placed on girls dressed like hoochies. There was a nice mix in the crowd.Bottom Line:I had an alright experience. Not stellar. Not terrible. But I'm a n9ne girl at heart; I'll stick to my clubs and lounges at the Palms ;)
2	so0o0 how i made it back to the Aria this trip i dont know (wasnt impressed the last few times ive visited) and how in the HELL i made it to the gold lounge was this... buy one get one drink free pass... fukkin SWEETT right?? WRONG!!! place was over packed, drinks was watered down and when i ordered 2 jager bombs as i waved my coupon to the rather RUDE ASS BARTENDER, i was chargered 17 bucks! which means he charged me for 2 JB and then took my gotdamn coupon!! WTF!! the staff was so0o0o rude and mean, and even at 430am had the nerve to be picky about letting me and my boyfriend re enter! haaA, whata joke! gave em 2stars for the music... very much on point!!!
4	I'm going to respectfully disagree with some of my fellow Yelpers and give Gold Lounge four stars.I've been here less than a handful of times, and last night, I popped in for a private function.The decor is a bit ridiculous and seems to be themed in the key of Elvis. And rightfully so, as it's right outside the Viva Elvis theater. The chandeliers are...toothy (see for yourself).The music, soundsystem, house DJ and such. All combine for an awesome experience. It's a "lounge" but doesn't have the feel of a "lounge". It really feels like a club/bar hybrid. No dancefloor, but has gogo dancers with a very limited beer (bottle) selection. Getting in is fairly easy. No douchy door patrol here.For the out-of-towners, this is the place to go party if you don't want to do the whole "club" thing. I've never had the food here, but who comes to a joint like this to eat? Get your drink on. The bartenders are decent "mixologists".
2	This place is not cool! Went there on Aria's opening weekend, so wanted to cut a little slack, but no, not even opening weekend jitters were an excuse for this place. Hubby and I weren't looking for a club, just a cool place to hang out and get a couple of drinks. Well, drinks were about $20 - $30 each. We were told to sit at the very large, circular seating area. We said we'd gladly take a smaller spot so they could seat a larger party looking for bottle service. They said don't worry about it. Soooo, after a few more $30 drinks each, we were kicked out to a smaller table due to bottle service. Not a huge deal. When they moved us, we asked again to go to a small table of two so we could hang out and enjoy, they showed us to another larger table and told us no one would be coming for two hours, so we should just enjoy our time. We ordered more drinks. Twenty minutes later we were kicked out again due to a group coming for bottle service. At this point there weren't any other seats left. After paying our $200+ tab for two, we left, vowing to never come back again! Bad service and attitude!
4	Came here on a Friday night, after a grueling drive to Vegas after work (I'm from L.A.).  I didn't want to go out, but it was for my friend's bday so I obliged...I had a lot of fun!  I was surprised...I usually don't like the clubbing or lounging scene...but the music was fun to dance to...and the atomosphere was nice.It might've been that we caught the tail end of the night, because we didn't arrive till around midnight or later...but I loved how there was no line, and that we got in for free.  I can't believe that that line worked!  "We don't REALLY have to pay to get in do we? *bats eyelashes""  Hahaha...guys, don't try this...we were a group of 4 girls ;PThe drinks are pricey...but my girlfriends and I don't need to be liquored up to have a good time...just a good crowd and some good music =)  So, that wasn't too much of an issue =)We were scared when we first walked in though...the people were OLD!  Then when we made it to the tiny dance floor...we found the young'uns =D!To me, it seemed the only people that were rude to us were the bartenders...we asked the security guy if we could climb up on a box and dance on that for a while, and they said yes.  They even helped us take pictures XD  The bartender on the otherhand was NOT friendly when we asked for a fruity drink...and what's up with carrying 4 shots and spilling it while walking it to us?  The same thing happened at Haze D=  In fact, at Haze...she even spilled one whole shot T_T...they need better bartenders T_TBut other than that, I'd definitely come again if I'm looking for a chill time =)
5	OMG I have found my NEW favorite spot, after Vanity. I LOVE this place! OK the drinks are a little pricey but the people working there are super nice. We ordered "something delicious" all night from this awesome bartender man and he surely made it delicious! The DJ is very good. The guys not so hot there but we went early so hopefully they have hotter dudes there later. I surely will be back!Update: since the last review we have been back there many times and the guys are getting more deviner by the day! There are A LOT of hot chickeroos there too, so guys if you are a hottie guy you MUST go there. The best day is Wensdays (if you dont want to hang with us at Surrender!!) Friday and Saturday. Actually met some really hot people there Saturday!
2	RUDE STAFF, bartenders were dicks- even the girls. and $7 for a mini water bottle?? hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...Nowhere to sit and "lounge". All the "lounging is for bottle service or your ass is either dancing or standing all night. Ok music.  It was uuuuupppp and dooooown. We had to leave after 30 min or so. Never again, unless it was a last resort or im inebriated!
4	Came here on a Thrusday night.  A friend of mine rented the place out because they had their wedding there.  The people that worked there did a great job in accomdating my friend.  The VIP hostes that we had also was very good with remembering what drinks we ordered.  She was also very nice.  I had a good time.  The people where friendly and they were really nice to the guest and everyone had a great time.  After the wedding the open the club and the music was more of regular pop stuff.  There were a lot of hot female hostess and they all seem really nice to help the guests.  The crowd was a bit older because I think they were coming from a conference of some kind.  I am not really sure how it is on the other nights, but the customer service is pretty good.  And the decor inside is really nice.  Bathrooms are also very clean also!
5	Unlike most of the reviewers here, Im going to give this place a 5 star.  My review is going to be somewhat bias due tot he fact that i was able to not only get in free but also got free drinks up till midnight.  Music was decent but the crowd was really cool. Ill def be back
4	I have to admit that I'm a fan of Gold Lounge! The DJ sold us by playing three songs of our requested Too $hort! That may have been because it was pretty dead in there, but it was a Thursday night. Guests of the hotel are free. They had a open bar from 9:30-11:30 PM that we JUST missed. It was still cool though, because they had 2 for 1 well drinks with coupon (2 for $11).Like I said, the DJ was awesome and played lots of hip-hop music, which this LA girl usually misses in the typical house music spun by Vegas DJs. The servers were really cool - some guys working there even came out to do the dougie!! Those white boys WORKED IT! ...I also like that we were able to sit at a table without getting hassled. The decor is pretty crazy... It's Graceland themed, to match the Cirque du Solei show at Aria. The sad part was that it was closed by 2:00 PM because it was slow on a Thursday. We were having so much fun!!
3	We happened to come upon this lounge by coincidence.  We were walking through the gaming area of Aria and a guy passing out wristbands said that we could head to the lounge, $10 for ladies and $20 for gents and for that price, open bar from 9:30pm - 11:30pm.  So being the skeptic that I am, I asked, "Is your definition of open bar orange juice and sodas?"  Where he promptly replied, "No, alcohol included...full bar!"  SWEET!  Off we went!When we got to the bar to order our first drink, the girl-bartender was a BEE- you know what!  I tried to order a Midori-7 and she said, "Beers, wines and well drinks ONLY."  OK, thanks for the clarification.  "Do you have scotch?"  She repeated, "Beers, wines and WELL DRINKS ONLY!"  Hmm.  I'm not a bartender so I don't know what well drinks are.  Chambourd?  NO!  Vodka?  BINGO!  So I guess I have no choice but to consume a beverage I don't normally drink.  They might as well just had soda and orange juice.  The place is cozy and you shouldn't go here expecting to see the space of a club like Pure in Caesar's.  But the DJ mixed songs well and I thought for the price we paid, we couldn't go wrong.  I probably wouldn't head back here unless there was another special deal again but the night that I had was fun but it may have been more about the company than the location.
2	This place has no business referring to itself as a club space on weekends.  It's a great lounge space, but Fri/Sat nights when it has the DJ working it out and the place is hopping... just ugh.  It's too small, too cramped, and the drinks are astronomically high for what it is.  I was there for a party and left after 25 minutes due to sweating nonstop due to how HOT it was!  I had a house cocktail for sixteen dollars not including tip from some snotty girl who acted like she was curing cancer through serving alcohol.  Good heavens, I could go to Bellagio next door and get the same drink for less at a better venue!  With more space!  And less THUD THUD THUD of the bass!  In fact, while a piano gently plays standards! But if you're looking for somewhere to grab a cocktail before/after Elvis at Aria or just looking to party and DRINK - go somewhere else.  There are better deals at more fluidly thought-out venues that aren't crammed with hot bodies with more legroom, places to sit, less attitude, and more fun!
3	I actually liked this place. There were some folks handing out 2 for 1 drinks all around the Aria and since we were looking to get reasonably drunk we walked into Gold Lounge. First off, the place was pretty empty. I don't ever get why bouncers outside still act like they need to screen you before they let you into an empty place, but whatever, a jobs a job, right?Anyway, the lounge is quite large but half of it was closed to said emptiness. For the side that wasn't closed, there were plenty of seats that said 'reserved' on them. For who? Well, we just hung around the bar and got our 2 for 1 drinks. Jager bombs...Tokyo iced teas...etc. The drinks were strong and not too expensive. So I was happy. Our group danced even though no one else was dancing but later on a bunch of other folks joined so we had a good time. So, I would not recommend coming here to meet people, but if you're in a large group and want cheap drinks, this place does the job.
3	Gold Lounge is just like any regular lounge-only place in a high-end Las Vegas resort. I would say it's slightly better than Blush at the Wynn. Definitely no place for dancing, so come here prepared to just sit around/lounge/relax in and just sip on drinks while having a good chat. It's not a club, but they don't disguise themselves as one by any means.
4	Came and stayed at the Aria for our mini vacation just this past week. Started our club/lounge experience with the Gold Lounge. My Husband did a lot of research for hanging out at said lounge/clubs so we could get the best experience, and brought several small bills for TIPS.We got in free, and paid the $10 "open bar" fee for women and $20 for guys. 9:30pm to 11:30 pm. They gave us little paper bracelets and a small stack of drink tickets.We all dressed very nicely, not vegas skank (ie: huge platform stilettos so high you can't walk and don't match your too tight tube dress showing your boob loaf and thong lines), elegant but sexy. There were 3 girls including myself and my Husband and my friend's Husband. So two nicely dressed guys flanked by 3 good looking girls = a table without charge.We were just walking around the lounge seeing if there was something big enough to fit our group, and one of the bouncers inside said it was okay for us to sit in the corner in this "reserved" signed seating. We had a HUGE mirror on the wall, a small leather love seat, a table, two chairs and a stool for our use, and we were sectioned off from the other group next to us by curtain.We started by getting drinks. We waited patiently at the bar, as the side we were on was less visited compared to the other side. A lady bartender, "L", poured our first drinks. We find out this open bar is a highballer's dream. Meaning you can get alcohol with a mixer ie: pineapple juice, cranberry juice, soda water, coke, etc.Being the first of the night they were very weak- with a lot of ice. We weren't surprised being the small price we paid. Also while sitting at our table, we were discussing how attractive the bartender was and as girls, we should rightfully inform her how awesome we thought she looked.Ready for second round of drinks, as the first were super light they went super quick, we wait at the bar and a different guy serves us but "L" comes back over and this time my Husband is at my side with a fiver in hand (note the first time we got drinks, even if we knew they were going to suck, we gave her a good tip). I also had my GFs with me, and we gushed to her how we loved her figure/looks! She was very happy and thankful and started chatting away with us while pouring our drinks... and kept pouring... We got a stronger drink this time around for sure.There are 4 single bathrooms, and by the start of the night there is no line really, but when there was a guy posted there, my Husband got to know this gentlemen too! We were making friends all over this place! Everyone was super nice! Every time we went to the restroom, we were told which one was open and was asked how our night was doing etc. Fabulous people :)There was a DJ, and the music wasn't bad, but few people were dancing, and those who were- no one apparently wanted to dance with them.By 11:30 "L" had invited us out to a club on Monday night and gave us her contact info, our drinks were so strong by the end we couldn't finish them, and we were having a great time!Unfortunately, by 12 they had to kick us out of our spot, by a giant bouncer! He was so sweet though, I told him we had to leave and he was like "Oh don't go, you don't have to leave, we just have to shut this part of the bar down". We were all thoroughly wasted though on our super strong drinks.So by 12 they started pushing any loungers out onto the dance floor area. That was the only thing I didn't like about it, but I can understand. A waitress came around twice in a gold dress, but we liked our bartenders so we continued to go to them instead of the girls. The busser boys were very obvious in their working and constantly flashing lights in our faces :/ And there was a crowd of people at the dance floor bar side. Full of all sorts of guy types, and uninteresting looking women. Go with a group of friends to hang for sure, don't go expecting to pick anyone up, you'll probably be disappointed. Be sure to pass the good karma around- it may lead you to good things!
2	This place isn't much to talk about, I went there one night when I couldn't get in Haze. It is very small and the music wasn't all that great, the security was not very nice at all. They did however have really nice furniture. :)
3	Just a small, chill place before the party really takes place elsewhere. Good music and a very hot, young crowd. Nice and luscious decor. The drinks were crazy, $12/shot. One round cost me $72 w/o tip. I wouldn't go out of my way to party here, nor stay here the whole night but with the right company, this could be a big winner.
2	Sucks so bad. The venue is small and uninspiring. Do not pay a cover for this place lest you want to regret it. We got duped into coming here from those promoters walking the casino (mind you I was traveling with tourists). They gave us free drink vouchers that only worked for wells drinks. Siiiiiiigh. What a waste of time!
4	My girlfriend and I happened to go here after receiving some VIP passes with 2 for 1 cocktail drinks from a friend. It's located on the 2nd floor of the Aria hotel. We arrived just after 10pm and there was a short line waiting to get in. The wait wasn't long. I paid $10 for my girlfriend, while I was charged $20. We didn't figure out that we could of got in for free until AFTER we left and looked at our VIP passes. We were both given 3 free drink cards each for a total of 6, which we were told that it's open bar from 10pm to midnight. Sounds like a great deal even after paying $30!!! The bartender told us that if we use all of our drink coupons before midnight, we can get more from the staff at the door/curtain at the entrance. It seemed that people were definitely taking advantage of it because the more the night went on, the more people seemed that not know how to dance. :)We used all 6 of our coupons and our drinks were made pretty strong. There was a DJ spinning top 40 music, but ended playing more R&B/Hip-Hop after about 30 mins, which got more people dancing. It was a good crowd, but wasn't packed like sardines. It seemed that people started clearing out to venture out to different clubs as midnight approached.This is a great spot to start your night out on the town. I will definitely come back, especially during the open bar hours.
3	Our bachelorette party group hit up Gold Lounge prior to heading to HAZE because we got a table and bottle service as part of a package. I agree that the crowd was a bit older, but sadly, at 28 years old, I might be considered an oldie?? The DJ was playing some fun music and we danced a bit. The table service was very efficient and they were very good about refilling our mixers.Gold Lounge is a nice place if you don't want to deal with the hassles and crowds of a club. Ask me again if I have to pay cover or pay for drinks and I might like this place a little less :)
4	We enjoyed this lounge for a private cocktail party
4	Had a blast here!The gold lounge is located inside the Aria just outside the Elvis theater.  After watching a somewhat disappointing Viva Elvis, a promoter came up to my wife and I and gave us wrist bands promoting free drinks until midnight (it was about 11:15pm when when the promoter came up to us). More on the promo later.  $20 cover for men, $10 women and we were in.The lights were low, the music was loud, and the DJ was on.  The music selection was mostly hip hop and the transitions were flawless  Although there was no formal dance floor, people began dancing in an open area in the center of the lounge.  At first there were just a few groups dancing, but later a large group entered the club and it was on!  The "dance floor" became very crowded very quickly and and did not let up even when we left at 2:45 am (my poor wife's feet were hurting).Back to the promo... The guy that gave us the wrist band said "free drinks."  When we get to the front of the line, the guy there says until midnight and gives us coupons for the free drinks, six total.  To his credit, we were told if we wanted more, we simply needed to find him and ask.  When inside I tried to order an Adios MF, and the bartender says sorry, only simple drinks (jack and coke, cranberry vodka, beer, etc.).  Anyways, I fully take advantage of coupons and down 5 drinks in about 20 minutes.  The sixth coupon?  Well, I asked for water for my wife, and it counted towards one of the coupons.  I ended up ordering an Adios anyways (I think it was about $15) to keep my buzz.The drinks were pretty good, not watered down.  Overall, I enjoyed my time there.  Nothing against The Gold Lounge, but I doubt I will go back though as there are so many other options in Vegas, especially if you are looking for a club scene.  The Gold Lounge is really meant to be a Lounge.  We were fortunate because the crowd we had wanted to party!
2	The placed sucked. It was way to crowded and small and only decided to come since we had free drink vouchers.....Our bad...the drinks sucked and barely had alcohol. Me and my husband decided to leave after 30 minutes because it was boring and not quite the young party scene...... I recommend XS or Cosmo for fun nights.....2 stars because I liked the decor but that is all.
3	I'm going to give this place a solid 3 stars! The night we went there was a $10 entrance fee and then it was free drinks until midnight! That was about 2 hours... you can drink a lot in 2 hours! So that part was pretty good considering one usually pays at least $10 per drink in Vegas minimum. The parts about this place I didn't like were the incredibly small dance area, all the people there seemed kind of old, and at around 1:00 a.m they kicked us out... not because we were being rowdy but because they were closing!! Lame!! I did like that it was inside the Aria and I had been wanting to check that place out for awhile... will I go back to Gold Lounge... prob not  unless it's free admission.
3	I...  actually had a good time here Friday night.  I was invited to go to a private party that took up half of the Gold Lounge and that probably had something to do with it, being that we had our own private section.  But the doorman was super friendly, was up-front about the open bar being well drinks only, (also echoed on the sign in front of the lounge), and shook my hand and introduced himself.  Bartender wasn't SUPER friendly but she was a heck of a lot better than my previous visit.  There wasn't a line when we got there at 10:30 but an hour later there DEFINITELY was.  For a lounge there really aren't enough places to sit down, though.  All reserved for bottle service and that's obnoxious.  As I said before, it's NOT a club although it tries to put on airs.The "gogo" dancer really did look like she was moving in slow motion.  I can't even call it dancing, she looked bored out of her mind and preoccupied as she was mentally going through her grocery list.  It was eighties night and that was.... cute.  There were some people dressed the part and I give them props for going through with it. Again, I think there are better places to party but not bad, Gold Club.  You surprised me.
2	We were headed to Haze for industry night (Thursday) but got diverted by a Gold Lounge promoter wielding gold wristbands. "Open bar," he says. Once up at Gold, there is no line, but there is a $10 cover for ladies and $20 for men. Open bar is well drinks only and they give you four drink tickets each. "Come back for more drink tickets," the door man says. But only until midnight. Then you have to start paying for their diluted swill. It's to be expected that if there's an open bar, the drinks will be diluted well drinks, but they also had to be mixed drinks. You can't just get a vodka. It has to be a vodka-something. Like vodka-soda. Always a load of caveats with these clubs and lounges. The stool-less bar-in-the-round sort of separates the lounge in two. The left side of the bar had a few reserved tables and very limited non-VIP seating. The right side of the bar had only reserved tables and the dance ... area. The DJ was decent. He didn't do anything awful. Nobody was on the dance floor til around 1130p.The bathrooms are notable, though. The private bathrooms are perfect for sex. No, really, just hear me out. There are four or six private unisex bathrooms. Each roomy bathroom has it's own sink and toilet. And there's a sink at the end of the hall so if you just need to wash your hands or check your mug, you don't have to wait for a stall. There is a bathroom attendant. The exterior of the lounge is kind of like this open cage so you can see into the lounge as you approach, but we noticed they closed curtains around the cage. I guess so people couldn't look in and see how sparse the crowd is. Gold is kind of a decent place to stage before you hit up Haze. But if you want to get into Haze on free cover, you have to get in before midnight.
3	Came here on a Saturday night, as they had open bar until 12:30 AM with a $10 cover for girls, $20 cover for guys. It's a bit on the small side, with reserved tables on the outsides, a small dance floor, and a bar in the middle. What I didn't know with the little free drink coupons we were given, was it was well drinks and beer only. No thank you. Ended up buying my own drinks, which were about $10 a pop. We found an empty table that we were able to sit at which was nice. After the drinks were flowing, had a good time with our group, dancing on the dance floor, and since it wasn't packed, it was easy to get drinks. With good company and drinks, anytime is a good time.
5	This was actually the second time visiting the Gold Lounge at the Aria.  I was in Vegas a few weeks ago with my gfs and this was our kickoff spot for drinks.  My gfs thought the music here was really good and the price of the drinks were great.  There wasn't a cover charge because we did get hooked up with a promotor's deal... BUT during my recent visit, our party paid $10 for women and $20 for men.... WHICH really wasn't bad considering that I got us wristbands easily with the promotors walking the casino area downstairs.  The wristbands got us open bar for well drinks til midnight.  We got there about 1/2 an hour before midnight and pounded the first drinks very quickly.  The bartender was a gorgeous blond and we took care of her so she knew to hook it up pronto. The music was great.  I had read it was mainly 80s but I think it was a good mix of multiple genres (rock, rap, alternative, etc) of the 80s, 90s, and present.  It was an older crowd (25+) which was perfect for us because we wanted a very loungy feel to our evening.  Didn't really want to have to yell over euro spins.  Overall, we had an outstanding experience and I would highly recommend this place of you're from LA and are looking for a FIREFLY ambiance.
5	I had an amazing time at Gold Lounge with my girlfriends this last weekend. I'm not really into the crowded club scene but love to dance, and this was a perfect fit for me. We got bottle service and man were they good to us! We were treated like royalty from the second we walked in. Our cocktail waitress Heather and busboy Tim were spectacular! We never had an empty glass. Plus the prices were extremely reasonable. I will be back Gold Lounge!!
4	I'm not big into the club scene. OK, I flat-out don't care for it. OK honestly I don't like being in tight, confined spaces with douchebags and skanks. However, I DO like a nice lounge, like Revolution at the Mirage, which eventually I will be getting around to reviewing.So for the birthday, I wanted something like that, but I didn't want to go all the way to The Mirage. However, right next to The Cosmopolitan is CityCenter and Aria, which is home to Gold Lounge. Gold Lounge is in a similar vein to Revolution -- a lounge concept built off the concept of the accompanying Cirque du Soleil show. With Revolution, it's thematically conceived from Love, the Beatles-themed Cirque show.Gold Lounge is supposed to be thematically conceived from Viva Elvis, the Elvis Presley-themed Cirque show.The trepidation I had, though, was that Love is a MUCH better show than Viva Elvis, so would Revolution be much better than Gold Lounge?As I debated, I found out Gold Lounge has an 80s night on Friday. Sold. Let's go.When we got there, it took a little time to find our contact (we had been set up with a comp bottle), but when we did, he took us right away to our table, and the cocktail waitresses promptly came out and started pouring drinks. I think I only saw the bottom of my glass once. We had a cool corner area, and unlike other clubs where people are spilling in to your table area, ours was away from the main crowd, which suited me just fine. I was there to have a good time and drink and laugh with friends. The waitresses and bussers took great care of our group.But the sad time came when our bottle ran empty. As we all started to talk about what to do next, our cocktail waitress came back with a lovely bottle of Skyy Vodka! But miss, I didn't order another bottle? "Oh, that's okay, it's your birthday, right? My manager signed off on it." WOOOOOOOOOHOO! THAT'S how you make sure your guests come back!Plus, they play 80s music. Everyone who knows me knows I have a sick fetish for 80s music (I'm listening to The Waitresses' "Christmas Wrapping," so that should show how disgustingly into 80s music I am). So hearing Duran Duran, Men Without Hats, The B-52s, and Madonna blasting through the lounge remixed totally hyped me up. I can't think of any other place on the Strip that plays such a big playlist of 80s music.By the time I left, I was thoroughly inebriated, tired from dancing, and plastered with a big smile on my face. Allow me to add Gold Lounge to Revolution and say I now have a PAIR of places I like to party on the Strip at.
3	Came here for the 1st stop of the Las Vegas Weekly birthday party. After shuffling in with our wristbands we had no problem scoring several free drinks at the bar. We even scored a nice spot to sit..which is a rare treat at most Vegas bars. And this is really more of a bar. Its didnt have the lounge feel thats for sure.They did run out of the free hooch after an hour or so then we were off to Haze...I would come back but only for free drinks! LOL
4	Fun intimate setting!  Line was easy, bouncers and bartenders were all very nice!  I dont think i would spend the whole night here but a great spot pre-dinner or pre-club!
3	We were looking for to have a low-key night 'cause we were already planning to spend the other 2 nights in frivolous, debaucherous ways in true Sin City fashion. Enticed by a promoter down in the casino by an open bar with only a flat entry fee, we headed up. Open bar is only until midnight. And you can only have one alcohol + one mixer = limited to things like cranvodka. I didn't indulge because I was being a grandma. It was alright I suppose. Lots of standing around awkwardly like a middle school dance EXCEPT the crowd @ Gold seems a little older & not too attractive. Maybe I should've drank eh? Haha
1	The DJ sucked, the main reason I went was because they had an open bar and it was located at the hotel I was staying it (The Aria). The bouncers were very rude and the bartender wasn't pleasant either. Overall it was stuffy and out-dated I would NOT go back.
1	HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE DJ! Bad music, bad mixing, bad drinks, BAD BAD BAD ATTITUDES!!! It should be a negative star.... enough said.
5	I knew Gold did 80s night on Friday's so that's where we were headed no matter what! I am a giant fan of 80s music! Hubby and I wound up doing bottle service here-he hates to dance, and I like having a table and good service-and that's what we got! Our waitress was sweet as can be, and very attentive, our security was awesome-we were both happy. Hubby gets a place to sit and swill vodka and I still get to shake it to 80s and swill vodka. Win win! It was pretty crowded with people dancing and drinking-older crowd by Vegas standards which means mid 20s-40s, but it was so fun! The music was awesome-tons of 80s with some 70s and 90s thrown in. Everyone was dancing and having a blast! The tables for bottle service were fairly empty at first-we got there around 10-but by midnight, they'd all filled up. I'm not a huge club type girl, and neither is hubby, so this place was perfect for us. Great bottle service, amazing music, good crowd-I'll definately go back for 80s music!
2	The best way to describe Gold Lounge? Trying too hard.Gold Lounge was fun when it first opened, but grew stale very quickly, and is now mostly occupied by people who can't get into a real club.  If you've visit Gold Lounge more than once, you'll be bored, as the music never changes, as the same generic hip hop and top 40 is spun over and over.  The drinks are expensive, like most very nightlife spots; however, Gold Lounge is not nice enough to charge such prices.  If you want to hang out in a tiny longue with bad music and a lot of old people who are trying way to hard to stay young, then Gold Lounge is the place for you.  If you want to have a real nightlife experience in Vegas, go to a real club.
2	Everyone was nice to us going into the club, but once we paid, the hospitality quickly dissipated.  The drinks SUCK!!!  How do you become a bartender, work in Vegas and suck at your job??  I don't know, but the drinks sucked!!  Felt like I was somewhere I wasn't supposed to be.  I recommend you go to Deuces.
3	My friend and I ended up here because Club Haze was a freaking joke.  When we got here there was a small line but with my friend's persuasive talk, we were able to get in without waiting in line. ;)  We got our all you can drink wristlet and got in without trouble.  HOWEVER... when we got to the bar to get our drinks, we had to wait about 15 minutes for the bi7@& bartender to even come our way!  When my friend told her what we wanted, the bartender had the nerve to give us an attitute and we just left her hanging.  Eventually we were able to get our drinks and move to the dance floor.  We had a great time here but not because the place, the music or the service is great but because we were able to put all that aside and have a good time.  The place was completely packed because a lot of people got tired of waiting at Haze and came up to this joint.  The bathrooms are unisex so both males and females have to get in line to use them... well check this out, for the right price you can even get VIP BATHROOM PASSES!!! YUP, as we were ALL waiting in line, some dude scorted by one of the bouncers just cut in front of all of us and was able to go inside without waiting.  Sheesh... money does really talk in this town. Oh, and the DJ... sucks!  Thanks, but no thanks!
1	This place was horrible to me and my group! This was the first time I ever had to pay to get into a club/bar/lounge! We were told it would be $20 for ladies and $30 for guy for an open bar, but it's only on well drinks... the cheap stuff that will give anyone a massive hangover! It was a Friday night and this place felt like a junior high dance in the 80's!The promoter for this place was following us as we were walking to Haze and told us that they were no longer allowing anyone into haze because they reached their max. My group bought into the promoter's scam because they heard open bar so we got our wrist bands and went in line. The Bouncer was absolutely rude to us! We were all dress to go clubbing so we were dressed nice, no baggy clothes, no tennis shoes, the three guys that was with me were fitted. The bouncer asked for our ID and when I gave him mine he just stared at it then at me then he shined his flash light right in my face! We were in a well lite area, there was no need for a  bright LED flashlight to be in my face! Then he asked me to give him my full name. then he asked for my street address, then asked me what was my zip code then asked me that city I lived in, what year I graduated high school and THEN asked for my credit card. Finally I was allowed in. What made me mad was that my guys were actually patted down! When we went in to finally get out drinks, we were distracted by the horrible DJ that was playing music that belonged at a low funded family reunion! The songs that were playing were more like karaoke songs then songs you can dance to! I paid to get in, so I tried my hardest to enjoy myself.So when we got to the the bar, our bartender was rude! We asked for a Long Island and she said that the "open bar" was only for well drink and left us. She didn't even wait for us to order anything and there was only one other person at the bar and another bar tender was helping them. So finally after 10 minutes, the horrible bar tender came back and we asked for a round of vodka and cranberry and my friend asked for a long island which he paid $12 for. The drinks were weak and took a while for the bar tender to make. The long island tasted like water as well as the cranberry and vodka. I was so disappointed and angry that when my boyfriend went to tip her $4 for our four drinks, I asked him why he was paying that much for water and left the bartender with a $1 tip JUST to be nice. When we went to the dance floor, my friend who paid for his drink noticed everyone in there were middle aged Caucasians! Was it a coincidence or were we being discriminated? I didn't see anyone else being patted down and I didn't see anyone else being questioned! After being in there for 30 minutes, we could no longer stand the horrible music that DJ was playing or the horrible service we were getting from the bouncers and the bartenders! I am never going here again and I would never recommend this place unless I want that person to have a horrible time and spend unnecessary money!
4	The Gold Lounge was a ton of fun on a Saturday night. They played top 40 and lots of 90's music. I loved that I knew every song and had a ton of fun dancing. It's definitely a smaller place, and not a super crazy club- but I enjoyed it. It was $20 for ladies with an open bar all night. It really didn't take too long to get a drink, although there were only 2 bartenders working that night. $20 for guys entrance, and they could pay an extra $10 to get open bar until midnight. I definitely got my moneys worth, as $20 would have bought me 1 drink at another club. Check it out if you're looking for a fun place to dance that isn't too crowded or too crazy.Side note: their restroom system kind of sucks... Theres no separate girls/guys lines, and they have maybe 6 stalls. Ended up waiting kind of a while- but not the end of the world.
3	It was some form of ladies night and my friend and I were able to get in with a $10 cover after midnight.Now, upon entering, you will realize it's a cute modestly sized lounge with people dancing where space allowed. I know it's Vegas but it's not a club- so what gives with the cover charge?DJ played the top 100 hits. Zzz.Saw people at the bar who were old enough to be my parents- my parents dressed to lounge around in the house.I guess despite the cover and 3 bouncers, they're really lax on who they let in.The crowd may have sucked but the employees were accomodating. Bartenders were really nice. The bathroom attendant even cleaned one of the bathrooms for me before entering.I saw the dancers on stage be approached by several people for pictures and they happily obliged.Good: nice atmosphere to just sit and have a few drinks although music's a bit loud.Bad: you wanna chill with a crowd that runs up to 60+ year olds with drunks grinding where there isn't furniture.
2	DJ is decent and I was able to find seating without having to pay for a table.  I like the decor but it really isnt decked out elvis and they domt have many restrooms.  What i hated was they have no regular water they "only sell water".......lame.....if you are serving large amounts of alcohol to people you should provide them with at least tap water if they ask.
2	My girls and I were on our way to Haze when a promoter stopped us and told us Gold had open bar for ladies until 3:30AM. I like drinking for free, who doesn't right?! So he walked us over to Gold and we got in without any problems. Gold Lounge is hidden away from the rest of the casino too so you wouldn't even know it was there unless you were looking for it. The lounge is decent sized, but it was simply that - a lounge. We hit up the bartender for our free drinks which only included well drinks (whack!) and we couldn't get shots (sh*tdamnWTF?!whack!). He gave us this measly menu of crappy drinks I would never order if I had to pay for them so we just picked Long Islands. The drinks weren't bad, very drinkable, but probably had the alcohol content that was close to nothing. We probably only stayed for 30 minutes because the atmosphere wasn't all that great, but we got free drinks so that makes it okay I guess.
2	Beware of the guy handing out wristbands for "open bar for ladies." I was walking around Aria with some friends from out of town (3 girls, 3 guys) when we are approached by a guy handing out wristbands for this place. He said to us, "ladies are free with open bar and men are $20 each." It seemed like a great deal so we took him up on the offer. But when we arrive upstairs to the lounge, we are informed that the open bar for ladies is actually $20, $10 without open bar. We'd not had any intention of going to a lounge in the first place, so learning this we were about to leave when another promoter approached us and offered to let the guys in for $10 with one free drink. It wasn't much better, but we agreed anyway and went inside.As soon as we walked through the door, I regretted that decision. The place looked like a dark, cheesy wedding reception venue. More club-like than lounge-y, there was  no place to sit...and hardly any room to dance for that matter. No frills, no decor, and not a single piece of anything "Gold" that would nod to the name of the joint. After dancing a little and 3 fairly weak vodka-cranberries (in an attempt to get my money's worth), we left after only an hour. I won't be returning.
2	Meh. I've experienced better.
1	Looking for a good time to dance a few drinks.. Pressure pressure pressure.  They pushed and pushed.  Made us think we were getting in for free but of course not.  Had some men with us who were beer drinker and paid to get in to find our they carry only one type of beer.  Weird vibe.  Trying so hard to create a buzz and there is NONE... All kinds of areas corded off and table and chair you aren't allowed to sit in but so few people..  Came off as someone's living room that they were trying to pass off as a cool club/lounge.  If you are looking for fun and a good time try something else.  They staff out front are like used car sales men.  Gave my  husband a hard time about is ID.  He was clearly  older than the old man checking his ID.  There is a way to create a great lounge and to keep patrons coming back.  They do not know how to do this yet.....Skipping this local next time... left feeling tricked and sold a bag of goods....
3	Located in The Aria Resort Casino this "Boutique Lounge" (Whatever the devil that is) is right next to the Elvis Theater on the second level. The waitresses were friendly )meaning the attitude was not imported from LA. The drinks were generous, this is a good thing because the price was a bit steep. They do offer bottle service, proving P.T. Barnum's axiom about a sucker being born every min. All in all not a bad place to stop in and have a drink or three.  Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	Douchebaggery at its finest. They have shills placed around the casino to get you in for "all you can drink", so after dinner we decided why not & popped in. Well once you're inside, the booze you can have for your cover charge is bottom of the barrel rot gut & the bartenders were really rude about it, not offering suggestions for upgrades or even just pleasantries. The room is pretty, and it should house a successful lounge. But they were letting people in wearing trainers & flip flops, and the service sucked. Would never ever go back.
3	We went on a Saturday night before midnight. - Short line. you won't wait very long.- Free drinks for guys until midnight. Girls until 3am!- Great drink selection. I had a long island, mai tai, adios, cosmo, and appletini all for free! just pay tip- Shared bathrooms. Guys piss on the toilet seat and the ladies will sit on it. lol- Small. 1 bar, tables in the periphery. tiny dance floor that's actually just a walkway.  - Hip hop hits. dj not bad. i was dancing :)- Compared to the other lounges, the venue is not too fancy, but the drinks sure did compensate!
1	Like other reviewer said, beware of the open bar wristbands they hand out!! I learned that from reading other reviews on here. My friend and I walked in and checked out this place after the Elvis cirque show. The place has gold decor all over the place and it is small! You walk in and basically that is it! As we were walking around the casino and the strip, we saw all these promoters saying wristbands for open bar. We responded by saying, is it REALLY free? To which they admitted no and that it was a $20 cover charge. Usually open bars do not have good liquor... it is usually the cheaper stuff that is part of the open bar. I guess if you are looking for a cheap way to get hammered, then I guess the $20 isn't bad. I prefer quality alcohol though. Besides, girls can get into most clubs for free and many times it is open bar before midnight anyways, so why would I want to pay to get into this place??
3	Supposedly Elvis themed, but you'd never really know it if you go at night when the lights are dim and the DJs are spinning the same club music you can hear everywhere else on The Strip. I went here and paid a cover because the bouncers out front told me we could drink for free... but it turned out the deal was only until midnight, and we were entering the lounge at... 11:59. It certainly takes more than a minute to get a drink at a busy Vegas lounge, and we were expecting more than one free drink anyway.  It's the only reason my friends and I paid the cover charge. That being said, I went out and chatted with the bouncers about the situation, and they gave us two free drink tickets each, which fixed the situation for us.I'd say this place is probably worth visiting during the day, when you can actually see the detailing of the place, which is based on Graceland and features pictures of The King hanging on the walls, and when you won't be paying a cover charge to get in. Not sure what will happen to this spot in the future now that Viva Elvis has closed permanently. Hopefully they'll keep the theme.
3	This place is great for what it is. No, it's not a club. It's not huge and awesome like XS or Pure. It's not full of beautiful, young people. Then again, you don't have to stand in line or get on a list or any of that either. A girlfriend and I were looking for a lounge for a Thursday night. We didn't want to go to a club, but we also didn't just want to sit in a bar somewhere. So Gold Lounge did the trick. For $20 we had an open bar until 3am and the DJ was decent. He played a mix of some old school and some new. We didn't dance, but had fun watching the old tourists cut a rug. We didn't have any trouble getting our drinks and the bouncer dude even let us sit at a table. I wouldn't mind coming back!
5	Me & some friends were walking thru the Aria & we were approached by a very professional promoter. He told us about Gold Nightclub. He offered us an open bar package that was too good to pass up.  Me & my boys got open bar for 2hrs & our girls got it till 3am. It's was a killer deal. After enjoying our drinks & dancing for awhile We decided to go ALL IN & got bottle service. The prices were half the price of most clubs on the strip. We had such a blast. The energy & vibe was great all night. The DJ was killing it. Playing new & old hits. I will definitely be coming back & recommending to friends. I know my boys will love this place. After all over half the club was hot girls. Great ratio!
4	Great Place , honestly best time I had in a lounge in LAs VEGAS!!! sometimes it feels good to not only been at MEGA CLUBS! well I went to eat at ARIA on a thursday , we met a promoter who told us about gold, I honestly never been there but heard of it , it is a cirque du soleil lounge or something like that, well anyway the promoter or host was cool and walk us all the way to the door, room was pretty packed, My girlfriend took open bar for $20 all night helloooo !!! Drinks aren't too pricey. I ll go back there its great place start night or end the night as the open bar deal for girls is my main reason to go back there.
4	We stumbled into this lounge after attempting to go to Haze only for the music to be not to our liking!  We were heading out after attempting to go to Haze when a promoter came up to us for the Gold Room and asked us if we wanted to check it out!  We did and they were playing Hip Hop Music and we agreed to go in!  It as a Saturday night and to our surprise, it wasn't crowded at all!  The ladies were $10 each and the guys were $20.  We received a free drink card and a card for half price drinks!!  We had a ball!!  We partied all night!  The lounge wasn't crowded at all!  As a group of 30 somethings, we were having a ball with the atmosphere!  The drinks were flowing and the music was very nice!  I believe the DJ was DJ Justin and he had us dancing all night!  A great mix of today's hits with some of yesterdays!!  Totally loved it!!Great lounge!!  We had a ball!
4	We had a table for my birthday at Gold. I truly enjoyed my experience at Gold. The staff was wonderful. If we ever feel like going out on the strip again I would re-visit.
1	My buddy and I ended up in here only after deciding not to pay the fat cover charge at Haze nightclub.  What a mistake we made.  Although it was a Thursday and might be a little slower than a weekend crowd it was disappointing.Very small, cramped and since our cover included free drinks until midnight we drank the nasty stuff they served us.  My buddy and I both had headaches the next morning.  Never again.
4	We went to the Gold Lounge for New Year's Eve to support a friend who was DJ-ing (DJ Shadow Red). No problems getting in, and although the Gold Lounge was fairly crowded, it didn't have that overpacked feeling of a nightclub. Big enough dance area, and there was an open bar (with fairly decent liquor choices) until midnight. Of course, we loved the music, and we had a great time all around. On a normal night, I'm not sure what the vibe would be, but I'd imagine that it would be a nice spot for pre-gaming or for getting out and about if you wanted to dance, but didn't want to do the "club thing."
1	It just sucks. The line was short because no one was there. There are 3 tables not reserved with only 2 chairs each, if you want to sit there are stairs outside. The key here is to not go. It is small in amenities, reputation and service. Gladly walked out.
5	Came in on Friday night and enjoyed the 80's night theme.  Had a blast. Looking forward to the next visit.  I will be back again.
4	Came here for a friends dirty 30 last Friday night. It was 80s night which I thought I wouldnt like but ended up singing almost every song. Entrance is free but you have to pay $20 for women and $30 for men to get unlimited well and a select few mixed drinks. Which ended up being a good way to save money since drinks in Vegas run at least $12 each. The crowd was slightly older (late 20s-30s). The place was about 75% to capacity which was great because you could actually move around. There is a few VIP tables and like 3 open tables (if your lucky to snag one). The best part of the night was being photo bombed by Big Hoss from the Pawn Stars.Overall a very chill place if your looking to have a fairly cheap night. If you want to dance a little, yet not be in a nightclub setting, this is a good spot.
2	Eh. While Gold Lounge was not terribly awful, it wasn't fantastic either. The only reason my friends and I ended up here was because we came to Aria with the intention of hitting up Haze, but didn't make it in time before the guest list closed. Luckily we met a promoter who was nice enough to comp 2 friends into Gold Lounge as long as my other friend and I paid the $20 cover, which I only agreed to do because it covered unlimited well for the rest of the night (which is also the only reason I rated so much as 2 stars). The place is SMALL. Like a walk-in closet. Ok, actually, that'd be a decent sized walk-in closet, but it was one room, one-floor, and that's it. You couldn't possibly lose anyone that you came in with, unless you're blind. The crowd was slightly older, late 20s and up and barely a crowd, more of an assortment of circus animals than people (no offense). Music was ok. And when I say "ok," I mean I was tipsy enough by the time I got there to care too much. Once we got our fill of "free" drinks we headed over to Marquee where the real party was at. Overall, $20 is BARELY worth the unlimited well and thank goodness 2 of my friends got comped or it would've been a rip-off. Ladies, you're better off getting guest-listed for a high-end club than spending money over here. And gentlemen, you don't belong here, follow the ladies to the classier clubs. I'm glad we had 2 other guest-listed clubs in our line-up for the night so we didn't have to hang around in the Lame Lounge.
4	Love the atmosphere at Gold Lounge. Private, sexy and sophisticated. The drinks are a little pricey, so keep an eye out for the promoters downstairs that hand out the 2-for-1 drink coupons. Don't bother with the wristband deals, unless you are a fan of well drinks.
5	Went to 80s night at Gold lounge and had a Blast. $40 to get in and free drinks all night for wife. not a bad deal. There was people in there 20s to 50 all having fun. Good 80s music mixed with newer music. they did a great job. Aria is a classy place.
3	It's a small club, but not worth the cover. $20 if you get the reduced admission from the promoter in the casino. She usually stand next to the Zarkana escalators. Drinks are pricey....like normal.
5	Appetizer's and drinks. What a great evening. Friendly staff made the experience that much better. I hear Thursday's are House of Gold with DJ Sam I am. Looking forward to coming back. I was told the have some amazing drink specials. Some lasting all night long.
2	80s Night on Fridays... the idea was awesome... however I forgot that this was Vegas and that they allow smoking inside the club... I died... literally.The music was awesome... 80s galore... however the smoking left and right really did bother me to the point where I had to stop and go back to our VIP area since my breathing was scarce and big people dancing with their cigarettes in their hands... so NOT attractive. The only consolation: a cute guy wanted to dance with me but my game was off (probably because of too much smoke inhalation...) that I wasn't in the right frame of mind to dance the night away... oh well... sorry cutie but next time! Thus, if you want 80s... this is the place but if you're used to SF and the no smoking rule... you've been warned!
1	We had been hanging out with some friends in the Aria casino area my girlfriend and I were heading back to the Cosmopolitan bar we had come from earlier when I promoter flagged us down. Like a dozen of these other yelp reviews, he promised my girlfriend an open bar, and me half price cover. I had no interest in going, but it was 2AM and I figured "why not?" It was my birthday, so the promoter talked to the doorman and gave me 4 or 5 drink coupons as a bonus. So after paying 30 bucks to get us both in, we were really disappointed at what that bought.The place is cramped and super dark. They were playing top 40 crap and all the other people in there were looking around  like they felt ripped off as well. It's just not a good venue. Then I flag down a bartender who rudely tells me that my drink tickets won't work for another 2 hours! It was the only reason I agreed to go to this stupid lounge in the first place! So I order a rotgut gin and tonic and the tab is 11 dollars(the same price as a generously portioned Kettle One Martini I got at the Bellagio later)! Here is where I lose my moral high ground.I figured we weren't going to be there very long and I was a little drunk, so on the tip slot, I wrote more of a suggestion than a tip; an invitation really. Anyway, he didn't like that I and I was dragged outside the club by security within a minute. I tried to explain my situation about being lied to by the promoter to the club manager, but he wasn't having any of it. I said I would pay for the horrible gin and tonic (that they kept trying to take away from me btw. I was stalwart.), if I could just get my cover back. He was trying to hide a smile, and I think he thought the whole thing was pretty funny. He called his manager who looked like a turtle poking his head out of a suit, and had a matching sense of humor. I repeated the story to him and found him to be even less sympathetic. He kept trying to get my ID and told me it was against the law not to give it to him. I told him to call the cops and that I would ask the policeman what law I was breaking, to which he replied "It's the law of the club." We had a frank exchange of ideas that ended with him saying "I don't care if you feel ripped off. I'm not giving your money back." I replied that I was a journalist (I'm not) and that I would make my 20 dollars very expensive for him. He took it as a threat and I left the Aria flanked my two enormous, well dressed vikings. My girlfriend got a couple of really funny pictures of it. We were having way too much fun that night to let that ruin it, and ended up going to a couple more places before turning in as the sun was coming up.I don't come off that well in this story, I know that. I posted it because I'm just baffled at why the Aria, a multibillion dollar resort, where every other interaction couldn't be more professional, would use these carnival tactics and lying promoters to get you in this lounge. One last thing, when I looked at my bank statement later, the bartender had helped himself to a 20% tip on my drink. So there's that.
1	Bottom line:DON'T GO HERE. RACIST BARTENDER!!!Worst bar I've ever been to. They lure you in with a promise of free drinks all night for $20 but leave out that "free drinks" don't apply to shots, premium liquor cocktails or anything else worth drinking, really. Service was amazing. AMAZINGLY HORRIBLE. I don't know how this place manages to stay in business with such idiot bartenders who openly admit to using margarita mix to make their cocktails. The bartender (female, fake boobs, huge nose,  horrible highlights, bad attitude) serving us was condescending and rude saying, "who makes margaritas with simple syrup?" Umm real bartenders do, stupid. Then she had the audacity to ask for a tip. Here's a tip, quit your job because you're a total failure as a bartender. THEN she turns to another bartender and says, "that's why I don't serve Asians." Seriously bitch?? First off I'm not Asian, and second, what does my race have to do with your inability to make a drink correctly? Complete waste of time and money! Hope that bartender gets fired.
4	This place has a lot of bad reviews and I notice that a lot of them come from having to deal with the bartenders. My review will focus on how the bottle service is here. --Background info--= We came here to celebrate my birthday. = We ordered 2 bottles of Grey Goose for my party of 6. = I love 80's music--Pros--= Great bottle service. = Waitress came by often to check our drinks. = Busboy  came by very often to replace ice and mixers. (Never had to look for him once).= GREAT 80's music. Everything from New Wave to Hip Hop.= Not to busy so you can actually walk to the bathroom without having a shoving contest. = Crowd around my age, late 20s & early 30s. (Maybe that's a Con for you?)= Great seats on the dance floor.--Cons--= Bathroom line is pretty long sometimes. = Can be very expensive for a Lounge. ( Bill was over $1,100 after Tip*). = Place is dead until 11:30 or so. -------------------------------------------------------------------------All in all, I had a positive experience here but it's probably because I had bottle service. *Also an extra tip for anyone getting bottle service. When they bring you the bill they charge separate tips for the waitress and the busboy.
4	We came to Gold Lounge for pre-show drinks since we had some time to spare right before the 9:30 showing of Zarkana. I don't really have complaints since I stayed for about 20 minutes. We must have gotten in just as they were opening up so the bartenders and waitresses were distracted and it took us longer than it should have to get a drink--especially considering we were the only customers at the bar. We were leaving just as it started "turning into a club," not sure what that meant really. It's a small-ish lounge so I wouldn't call it a club.
1	We heard about the Friday 80's night so came here after midnight after Thunder From Down Under. After much haggling with the bouncer us girls got to choose to get in free or pay $20 cover and get free (nasty) well drinks. At least we were able to negotiate a table for our friend with a broken foot. The lounge is dark and frankly swanky. There's a tiny dance floor that's carpeted (and sticky). And by the time we got in the 80's night was over and they were playing ghetto hip hop (lots of ho's and other choice lyrics). However, after an hour of the hip hop they changed it up and played more dance/pop which was an improvement but didn't make the place much nicer. Here are some choice vignettes: - man smoking cigar, yes, I know this is legal in Vegas but still seems to pretentious not to mention stinky - bachelorette party giving lap dances to each other - some amazon women lying down and humping the floor - cigar man falling over drunk along with companion and being escorted outThough they may have some decent music it is not a classy place. At least the service is good and the bouncers are on top of things.
3	Dranks. Short dude kept talking to me and being touchy. Creeped out to say the least, but it was Vegas. But he was ugly. The Long Island was pretty good though.
4	Loved the atmosphere and ladies' night special!
1	Should have known better than to listen to my girls and come here. It was our first night out and we all got suckered by those free bracelets for Haze. Haze was fun but on our way, one of the Gold promoters convinced my group to go to Gold before, $20 for all you can drink, which if you really think about it, is NOT a great deal, I mean, if you drink more than 2 drinks then it might be but then you still want to tip them. Meh. The music sucked, the place was teeny tiny, the staff was so incredibly rude (bouncers, bartender, bathroom attendant, entry girls). The people in here are already smashed so there's a TON of accidents (passing out, drinks dropped), it's just bad, AVOID this place. We left ASAP. Oh and don't get me started on creepy guys following my party... Eww.
4	We were lured in here when we saw the "Free Cover" sign with our Zarkana tickets. We had just walked out of the show and thought it wouldn't hurt to check it out. We went in for a drink and didn't know what to expect upon walking in. It's a little lounge with room to dance and a nice size bar. Our bartender was nice, but it took a while to get our drinks. What I really liked was the intimate setting and awesome music. The DJ was playing all types of music, from the Jackson 5 to Ciara, then Beastie Boys to Macklemore! I loved it! We were able to have a drink and dance, not being crowded beyond comfort and bumped into 100 times, like most of the larger bars in Vegas. I'd love to come here as a pre-game spot before going out into the bigger nightclubs. Worth checking out if you're staying in the Aria.
3	This type of place is not my normal cup of tea but it was nice.  It has a very cool vibe to it. My visit was for an event that was being held here and everyone was very welcoming. The waitresses and hosts were always there, making sure everyone had drinks and all was well.I only had two drinks and they were STRONG. That bartender is a GOOD bartender. I mean good. Make sure you check out the drink menu as well. Good options, great drinks.
5	I honestly can't think of anything negative to say about this place.  Was there on a Saturday night to celebrate a girlfriend's birthday.  Gold Lounge is what I would describe as smaller variation to the big clubs, which as I've gotten older I'm just not a fan of.  I like being able to sit down without paying a small fortune and ease of access to get drinks.  This Lounge offers both.  It is on the dark side which I think is the norm for most venues like this.  They have a large bar and play current club type music.  It's not too crowded and the service was good.  We paid  $20 for open bar which included well, wine, beer, shots and some cocktails like, Adios, Mai Tai, Long Island, Cosmo, etc.  Drink two drinks and it's easily worth $20.  On this night they gave us each three drink tickets and a wristband upon entry.  When we needed more tickets we just went to the front and were given more. Of course you should tip a couple bucks every time you order a drink but it's still a bargain and the drinks are strong!!!Being that we are locals I also found that the other patrons, tourist particularly, were friendly and chatty.  This will be my new go to spot to take visiting friends looking to drink and have a good time but avoid the lines and crowds of the mega clubs.
4	If you're over the $60 covers and one hours lines and VIP seating and bouncers constantly telling you where you can't stand like you're in some large prison cell and the gang leader keeps messing with you, this is the place for you.  Much cheaper to get in, shorter lines, smaller club, easier to get a drink, more places to stand around, and dark enough so people don't notice you're all alone or hanging out in the dick corral/dude crust, you know what I'm talking about, the area where all the dudes hang out on the lip of the dance floor, too shy to ask a woman to dance.  In the evenings before the night crowd, it's swanky.  Yes, I said it, it's Sex and the City swanky and you can actually sit down for a drink.  This is the old-school club before all the stupid bottle service VIP bullsh t with waitresses walking through the crowd with a big a s bottle they light up to show how stupid the person whoever ordered it is.  You can hear the money being sucked out of his wallet.  Do you really need that?  Or a bunch of really drunk dudes bumping you or spilling drinks on you.  Gold Lounge is mellow.  I'll always check this place out when I'm in town.
5	Guaranteed solid time if you come here for pre-party. Luckily, I was in a group of very good looking girls and were able to score unlimited complimentary drinks all night. The complimentary drinks were on the house to compensate for our presence, not bought by some creeper! Plus, we were able to snag a VIP table without having to pay. Very cutely decorated with red backdrops. Moral of the story, if you're in a group with girls come here for free drinks and VIP services before heading out for the night.
5	I've been back 3x after my initial review and still love this place! I've recommended Gold Lounge to friends visiting Vegas (since I go out there way too often LOL) and they have all come back with great things to say! Thanks for the awesome times, Gold Lounge & can't wait ti visit again!!
2	Wasn't very packed. Over priced. Still had fun, cause we made our own. The drinks were strong, which at least made it tolerable. Won't go back.
3	Golds Lounge was a decent spot it was the first night out adventure for me and my friends this most recent time in Las Vegas. We were staying at Aria and really really tired actually so it was probably better that we stay right in the AREA and just came here to Gold Lounge.  It was thursday night and we ended up in this spot. GREAT CROWD, alot of Latinas here that night. It was pretty cool, got some nice dancing in and at the bar got alot of drinks that were included with the free open bar.  ladies did get a long free open bar, but still a cool atmosphere. We were about to come back the next night but we heard it was a much older crowd and it was all 80's music pretty much most of the night. Thursday night was very diverse, the played alot of hip hop, some reggae like MAVADO (hot tune dem) and mostly latin music to get the crowd going. It was a live crowd too, everyone was dancing.  I was a bit wasted but not white girl wasted like some of my friends.  We did not have far to stumple though as we were staying right there once we left at 3:30 or so.  So much for being overly tired, we just danced and drank and got more energy.  I felt like we got our money's worth in drinks, even red bull and vodka was included too in the open bar.  We were all dancing.  Would I come back again for the 80's night, nope. I would think just the night we were there we just ran into an awesome DJ, pretty much.
1	The biggest joke that I have ever encountered since I came to US. If you think coming to Las Vegas, just save your money for a Europe or Asia trip. I just got thrown out for sharing my drink with my girlfriend. There was no point to argue with the security guy. Las Vegas is just a 5 km square city in the middle of the dessert. America in the eyes of a European citizen it is a joke. Golden lounge is a shitty place to spend your money, 20 dollars for a tequilla shot..pfff....do yourself a favour and don't go there.
4	We honestly had no intention of ending up at Gold Lounge.  If I was on a trip with my girlfriends - of course, but when you hit your late 20's approaching 30 and are married - sometimes shaking your booty just isn't as fun.Well, we were all dressed up and were approached by a promoter in Aria.  Free cover and $20 for ladies all you can drink and $30 for the gents.  After asking if were were appropriately dressed and convinced we were we figured "when in Vegas".  We were skeptical as some of these reviews make you believe this deal is a scam. I assure you its not.  You just need to be aware of the fact you get 3 tickets at a time (more are readily available) and the free drinks applies to well drinks only.  As a lover of vodka and tonics - i was fine with this.Ambiance is nice.  Dark, intimate and good beats bumping throughout.  We made friends with everyone around us and i quickly joined in on the dance party.  They do not take crap here and if you are drunk you will be kicked out.  Which I like, noone needs to be surrounded by sloppy people spilling drinks or possibly shattering glass nearby.The VIP bottle service looked top notch.  Those individuals looked like they were kept quite happy - and I'm sure they paid for it!  We had a great time, I'm glad we ended up in here and I'm sure we wouldn't hesitate to stop in again.
4	This is certainly NOT the traditional Vegas style partying with big fancy clubs, EDM, and  shoulder to shoulder crowding, however it is a pleasant cozy hip hop lounge that I definitely enjoyed!Was sucked in by the in house promoters, good hustling on their part.Cover: 30$ guys, 20$ girls Drinks: unlimited with the cover before midnight for guys, unlimited all night for girls.  weak cocktails are the only thing that they'll serve you- they'll make you get full on the liquid!  understandable, they gotta make their money somehow.Music:  late 80's early 90's!!!  you know its gonna be a good time when  Motown Philly, This is How We Do it, and Hypnotize comes on! Clientele : Older crowd in their late thirties, therefore plenty of party fouls.  there was broken glass all over the floor just like Lavo.  Also casually dressed people who just came from seeing the Cirque Du Solei show (apparently its free entrance with a ticket)Ambience: definitely a dark fancy lounge atmosphere with a carpeted space in the middle to do some dancing.  Not going to lie, although it seemed kind of lame when we walked in, it ended up being a darn good time!  good music and space to dance, what more can you ask for?
5	Had a great time. Nice ambiance, nice crowd, & good music. Great hospitality by the hosts & female bartender at the VIP section. At first when we arrived, the place was closed for a private event, but the host Jack said it'd be open at 10pm & was nice to walk us to another venue, Deuces. Really great hospitality & great guy. Deuces had great music & was great too. Will come back to both places for sure.
4	We had a great time here with our group of 10. Bouncers aren't as strict about the 'no seating' policy. Free admission with $20 free drinks for ladies all night!
4	We had bottle service one night with Jack, had no idea what to expect. Totally not what I pictured based on movies/TV versions of Vegas clubs, but much more our style. We were terrified when we showed up to zero line and two 70+ year olds walking out. Here we are, standing all dolled up in 6 inch heels and mini-dresses and grandma and grandpa are leaving... Once we got in, had our table set up, drinks started flowing we had a great time! Music was great to dance to, bouncers hidden all over the place to make sure no one got creeped on too much. We hadn't planned on staying too long, but time flew by and we didn't get back to our rooms til after 4. Great time!
1	For being Vegas locals, this is a place I will never recommend or return too.My mom and I came in for some drinks and snacks before attending Zarkana.The "snacks" are overpriced for the portion you get. The lobster tacos looked like it was made for a Barbie doll, (4 cold bite size crunchy tacos with a tiny amount of lobster) the food was tasty and the drinks were good. ( that's why I'm giving it 1 star)The service was terrible, our waitress seemed to have a hard time listening/comprehending our order, which wasn't that difficult  (maybe she was new?) we noticed that we, along with other tables kept going up to the bar to order drinks. Plenty of people kept stopping by to grab our empty plates and glasses, but no one asked us if we would like anything else.When our food came she didn't stop by at all to check on us until we flagged her down. We wanted to order more food, but by the time we finally found her, there wasn't enough time for it to be ready before the show started. So.. I went to Zarkana on a half empty stomach and I was ready to attack the next person I saw with anything edible in front of them.Sitting in a 1 1/2 -2 hour long show while you're hungry was not my idea of how I wanted to spend my birthday weekend.
3	Good looking clientele and music..but terrible drinks. I am pretty sure the bottles are watered down because I couldn't taste an ounce of alcohol in my drinks. I even had the bartender pour in front of me.
1	Worst bartenders here! You can stand @ the bar for a long period of time before any of them will acknowledge you & this happens when their not busy! This has happened more then once. I guess they don't care about making $$$$$.
1	This place is a joke! This was the starting point for our club hopping tour for a party of seven celebrating a bachelorette. As we checked in with our host for the night she informed us the drinks were buy one get one free, great! Once we entered the lounge half of our part found a large couch/chair seating area and the others headed to the bar to get drinks. There was about five staff member behind the bar, but we waited at least 10 minutes before we were even acknowledged and there we maybe 20 people in the lounge total. Once we asked for the 2 for 1 special the gentleman said 'I don't work here so I don't know the specials' hmm...apparently this is a self serve lounge?! He never returned so we turned to the seating area to find a cocktail waitress who informed us that the specials were only available at the bar. We returned to the bar to be told by a different bar staff that the specials could only be ordered through a cocktail waitress. Obviously nobody had a clue here so we summonsed for the manager and headed his way. Once we explained our situation he came up with a THIRD story that we should have been handed 2 for 1 tix at the door which of course did not happen. At this point we decided to forgo drinks here and simply sit out the 15 minutes until our club hopping host escorted us to the next destination. Just as our party regathering at the seating area a male staff member approached our party of 7 and said 'these chairs belong to a different table, you need to get up so I can move them!' Nobody in our party had moved the chairs an inch, they were just as we found them when we walked in AND there were many other chairs of the same kind that were not in use that could have easily been arranged instead of rudely uprooting our party. Needless to say we exited the bar and awaited our next destination from afar!
1	One of the worst lounges I have ever been to. Terrible service and way over priced. The girls got 3 free drink tickets and I was holding my girlfriend's drink she got whole while she was in the restroom and they took it away from me. I was NOT drunk or drinking from her cup but they still took it away.
1	I got in for $20 and an open bar. Sounds like a good deal in a nice hotel like Aria. But in reality it isn't worth 20$ . The lounge is about the size of a starbucks store a small one. It was crowded and 15 minutes in it takes you upwards of 30 minutes to get a drink. People paid like 500 for bottle service in a tiny crowded dance floor. There was a bunch of old people..I mean like 80 year olds and 2 people in wheelchairs zoomed by. No joke.  I think all 3 of us got like 4 drinks total. Id rather pay for my drinks at a better club. Just not worth it. It was small and smoky amd sausage festy and also elderly.  The staff was rude and angry even though we were just having fun and trying to joke with them. I think they were overstressed because the tiny venue was overcrowded but still. .they shouldnt be rude to customers just because they're stressed out. All in all, not worth the money even for open bar. Spend a little more at another location that is capable of catering to more people effectively.  If you just need cheap drinks. .dont get enticed by the open bar you won't get your moneys worth here. go to a regular bar to start where the people that work there are nicer and can give you drinks in under 10 minutes.  For real..This place is lame avoid it.
1	The first stop on our club tour, I'm glad we didn't pay to get into this place. The drinks were very overpriced (thankfully they gave us 2-for-1 tickets outside). We were only there for 45 minutes and it felt way too long.The whole place (which isn't saying much- it's tiny) had a very snooty vibe. I overheard a bartender telling someone they 'don't do glasses of water.' He explained they only did bottled water... For $7. It made me not even want to use my 2-for-1 ticket.After being completely ignored while sitting at the bar right in front of the bartender for a half an hour, he finally took our order and got us our drinks. They felt very weak, and were also really small.I know this is not a 'club.' It's a 'lounge' but I have been to lounges and they don't have to be this snobby. The music was really loud considering the fact that the dance floor seemed designed to make people feel uncomfortable trying to dance.Some of the people we talked to in the bar seemed to agree that the place wanted to be high class but isn't. Soon after we got there the place got jam packed with people and it was hard to move around.I will not be back to Gold Lounge
4	Came here after the Zarkana show.  2 for 1 drinks and front of the line passes if you saw the show.  Pretty good drinks and the Dj was great. I think that the problems people have with this place is because its small.  Yes its small its called a LOUNGE, not a night club!!! But to each their own, the night we went it had a great vibe and great drinks.  We will be back!!!!
1	About the worst service you can imagine. Waitresses had no idea about 2 for 1 drink coupons being handed out in the Aria casino. Also, there are few tables but apparently this was too much for wait staff to handle. 3 tv screens were good.
4	We recently visited Gold Lounge for complimentary bottle service though MyVegas.  Honestly, I can't imagine how you could get complimentary bottle service and NOT have a great time.  Of course you have to tip $100+, but compared to the $500 PLUS tip it would have cost, this was an awesome deal.  Okay... that out of the way.Because this was through My Vegas, we had to start our evening at 9pm when they opened.  As you can probably imagine it was pretty dead in there, with only the other MyVegas people.  However, once we got in, we were treated like royalty.  The man who originally sat us, I assume he was the host, made us feel important and special, even though he knew we were practically freeloaders.  He introduced us to our server and we were taken care of by several staff members throughout the evening.We had a $500 credit to use and we started with a bottle of Captain Morgan.  That was a whopping $425, but left us $75 for spending.  We ended up supplementing the bottle with beers and some Jaeger shots.  So, along with your bottle, you get three mixers that they keep filled up for you and you have an ice bowl full of ice and a tray of limes and lemons.  I think they are supposed to actually come make your drinks, but only our first drink was made for us, after that we did our own, which was FINE, I preferred that.  They'll also switch out your mixers if you change your mind.  Our server was good, but the guys who came and cleaned up our area were truly awesome.  There was also a security guy who would shoo people away from our area when we were dancing since we were next to the DJ booth.  At about 10:30, there were more people inside, but no one was dancing so we decided to get the party started and started dancing.  Eventually, people started dancing and the dance floor was working it.This is probably not the hottest club in Vegas and it is small, but we had a lot of fun doing this.  If you get an opportunity to do bottle service, DO IT.  We will be doing this again and I might even go here to do a little dancing with one of their all you can drink specials.  Thanks Gold Lounge - your staff was stellar!PS I still hate that clubs don't give you a glass of water.  I can never give 5 stars until I find a club that DOES!
3	Great place to have fun with friends of all ages as the DJ takes the music all around!Cameron is the Man!
1	Please check to see if your fruit juice is fresh/good. Gold lounge is the only place I went last night. I had 4 drinks over 3 hours. 12hrs later and I'm vomiting something yellow? My first drink was a mai tai. Yikes.  : (
1	This place is garbage.  Super small.  No seats unless you get a table and it's well drinks.
1	Bad music, bad drinks, bad staff! Omg what the heck! Don't waste your time peeps!Plus the "free drink" thing is a load of crap. Drinks are watered down and taste bad, we ended up buying regular drinks and those drinks were crazy priced! What ever... Never is what I say...
1	Worst nightclub/lounge I have been to in my life!  While in Vegas do not get suckered in for the unlimited drinks for $20.  I used 3 free drink tickets, and one was spilled by the bouncer, and he did not offer to get me another.  It took 20 minutes to get a yucky drink.  So we decided to buy 'premium' drinks instead.  $51 for 3 drinks!  $7 for water! I saw a girl get abusively yelled at to get out the bottle service area because she was sitting down on a sofa.  I wouldn't have known it was the bottle service area either.  All the workers (including the servers dressed in gold) seemed to be trained to act like prison guards.  Not fun...almost silly.
1	Avoid at all costs.  The open bar is a complete lie and it is the size of a small house party with everyone's 40 and up parents attending as well.  The staff all came on too strong and the drinks all came on too weak.  I cannot imagine another bar in Vegas being worse than this.  Only attend this club if you are compiling a list of the worlds best legal scams.
1	To start my review, myself and 2 friends were the only ones in the lounge. We were approached by the server.  Unfriendly unpersonable attitude.  She asked to take our order.Upon ordering I was asked cash or credit.  I said credit and gave her my card, she then said she need my drivers license, I thought, ok. She needs to make sure it's my card, she then tells me she has to hold my license with the credit card.  Really!   I tell her no. I am not giving my ID to anyone and I will pay cash.  She then tells me my drink "shot of Crown" with a water back will be $24.00.  they even charged $2.00 for the Ice. Really!  Price gouging at its Best.   Terrible service. Uncomfortable seat. Definitely will not be returning.
1	Horrible place and horrible experience. We stayed at the Aria and its a great hotel but the only flaw is the Gold Lounge. The drinks are terrible and the carpeted dance floor is sticky! The bouncers hand out free drink tickets which only mention free drinks, they don't say anything about free for ladies only. My wife handed me her drink to hold when we were on the dance floor and we were quickly approached by a bouncer who tried to grab the drink out of my hand without explaining in WORDS that they were only for ladies. We quickly got kicked out of this little empty lounge after paying a cover charge. No refund offered and no common sense used by bouncers. I would never go there again.
5	I love this lounge! I went last night with my best gf and we enjoyed the open bar! It's worth the 20 bucks cause drinks at any bar is 15-20 bucks for one drink. Love that they didn't play EDM thank goodness and met couple of mellow people. Bartender was beautiful and very swift! Funny thing too is the DJ booth looked like a wide screen plasma tv very cool!
4	I had a blast at this club with my sisters. Fun music, great atmosphere, drinks can be a little weak depending on the bartender you pick, but overall a fun place if your looking for a more small, low key club.
1	Stayed at the Aria during christmas weekend and got wristband and drinks coupons from one of the promoters to checkout the Gold Lounge ...so the wife and i did, on saturday night, but what a mistake that was. We expected so much better from the Aria, dont get me wrong, we love staying at the Aria and we will stay there again, but when it comes to a nice nightclub, they are really lacking in that department. Paid $50 to get in but the experience wasnt worth it. We were there for about 30min hoping itll get better but never did. We decided to leave and went to the Light club at Mandalay Bay, this club was waaaaay better!! Aria, please do a better nightclub.
