3	Wide disparity in quality and appearance throughout the complex and its facilities. Many of the maintenance requests I made at time of move-in have not been completed and management seems evasive about fixing the garage door I am renting, which is so smashed in that there are big gaping holes between the folding panels. The carpeting was so old and worn that even though it had been cleaned, within 30 days it looked like it was very dirty and way past when it should have been replaced. All the appliances are VERY low efficiency cheap poor quality, which appears to be because since tenants pay for their own utilities, why pay more for efficiency. Although the management team has treated me very well with much courtesy and assistance when asked (which is why 3 stars instead of 1), the facility's maintenance crew is woefully unresponsive and seems to be holding the complex's infrastructure together with bailing wire and duct tape.
1	The front desk was very pleasant and nice to me when I moved in however I have been living here nearly 8 months now and wish I never agreed to staying this long. The new renovations look wonderful at first glance but after some time things just started falling apart and it is now apparent to me that the job is merely an illusion because this place is being held together with duct tape - when in reality many things need replacing (carpet/cabinets/etc..) The vent in my bathroom is worthless and that area of my home stays wet and humid for hours after taking a shower. The maintenance team takes a very long time to respond and rarely do a sufficient enough job when they do show up. I have called countless times for the drawers in my kitchen and recently I have just left the drawers off because when someone does fix it, it just falls off weeks later. Maintenance also does not keep up with their simplest of duties for example at least twice a week I have to track someone down to unlock the gym. Also the front desk makes a lot of promises they don't keep for instance I was told the chairs by the pool were going to be replaced and the lock system would be updated.. it has been 8 months and there has been no change. I actually saw a chair inside the pool yesterday. TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE.
2	Entrata Di Paradiso as a name for this apartment complex is a humorously ironic stretch of imagination, at best... At worst, false advertising! "Entrata Di Inferno" would be much more accurate.  The management team here seems to be "tenant selective" and highly inconsistent in their responsiveness to resident made maintenance and repair requests. I moved into my apartment here in July 2013 and as of April 2014 several repair orders that were approved at time of move-in have not been competed, despite multiple follow up inquiries. A fairly major entry door frame and lock repair order approved in January has not yet been competed almost 4 months later... (I posted a photo) Yet several other repairs were made almost immediately after I requested them! The Carpeting in my apartment was stained and dramatically over-worn out at time of move-in and looks disgusting and filthy despite multiple steam cleans. The AC is highly inefficient, consumes massive amounts of electricity and cools at marginal levels. Both BR Toilets are the lowest quality, crudely made, prone to leaks and loudest flushing fixtures I have ever seen, very third world! The first time I used the broiler in the oven, the insulation around the perimeter of the oven door caught on fire... I used baking soda to extinguish the fire and when maintenance repaired the oven they refused to clean out the oven or clean up any of the smoke damage caused by the fire. Worst of all, the property managers of this apartment complex seem far more concerned with gossip, community drama, harassment by written warning notices taped to front doors, and passing judgement on various tenants throughout the compound, than they are on providing service to tenants or the upkeep, care and maintenance of the real estate assets that secure the development company's investment in land and facilities... The only reason I am rating this apartment complex two stars is because I have seen far worse at other properties... I just can't remember where?!?! Maybe it was Newark or Camden, NJ.
2	I was assigned housing here for a month while I worked in Vegas - the room smelled like an ashtray and the carpet was nasty.  I can overlook many things but cigarette smoke/smell is a pet peeve of mine.  The "tenants" that lived above me throw their cigarette butts in front of my door.  Recognize these are not condos (maybe at one time) but are apartments.  I will not stay here again...
1	It was my worst nightmare !!! Yo have not parking spot after 8 pm the neighbors used to heard very loud music and nobody cares, if you need to fix you AC it is gonna take about one week so be prepare for melt... And when you finally move out and you think this is over.... By the time that you are suppose  to pick up your deposit security, you must feel lucky if they told you that you own money instead !! Don't do it!!!
2	Great at first, then as the lease slowly came to an end it began to get unbarable.Moved in on 8/13 & the place seemed pretty kept, quiet and clean, little did I know that the walls were thin and I could hear all of my surrounding neighbors unless I had music/tv playing as well as the extremely loud AC. Also, the refrigerator was emitting an extremely foul stench. I cleaned out the damn appliance 3 times, let the darn thing air out and finally gave up and called the office. Took a few calls but after a few days got a new refrigerator. (Small victory)I would be willing to overlook the lack of parking spots after 8pm M-F, the abundance of stray cats, and even the weed smoking, 3am loud sex ghetto neighbors, were it not for the ROACHES! Yes, that's right, roaches! They did not appear immediately but a few months after I had moved in, which I found out from a neighbor that they too were plagued with these pests about a week or two after a downstairs apartment was bug bomed. (I guess they migrated to our apartements) I was not able to cook there anymore for fear of these nasty critters. The office did send pest control and I did see an improvement but they never followed up so I attempted to get rid of them myself, unsuccessfully of course. I will be moving out on 8/14 & and went to the office on Monday the 4th to personally deliver the last month's rent and to schedule the walkthrough which I've never done since this was my first apt. I was immediately informed at the office that I needed to purchase a money order and add a late fee of $75 even though they allow you to pay until the 3rd (which was a Sunday) or I could pay online for a fee of $30 + the late fee. Even though I've never been late in the past 11  months they still would not work with me even though I am unemployed due to being laid off. There are probably a lot more things wrong with this place that I could list like the crazy lady the feeds the stray cats so that they will stay near her apartment, the rude black boy that works in the office but is only nice to women and promises things without checking first, the amount of simple repairs that are dismissed or forgotten. But I won't bore you with a true story.
1	Moved here two months ago.  Got two bedroom apt for 12 month lease... BIG MISTAKE... My toilette has been flushing automatically since the day I moved in.  Maintenance seems not to know how to fix it.  Numbers of complains filed - NO ACTION taken by management.  Office staff is full of beautiful women but that is where it ENDS... Their PET policy is a JOKE... When I asked how strictly the pet policy is enforced - office staff laughed!  I got answer and I quote "...as long as pet is under 75 lbs - they are welcome" So I said and I quote "...So if I get 10ft tall mountain lion or wild cat - it doesn't matter as long as its under 75 lbs!"  Shocking answer.. "YES!!!!" - When I asked, can you find out who has which pet because of the bread restrictions on - Shocking answer "...We have no way of knowing...." I suggested, well you have the details files on every resident, see their contract - who is paying for Pet Rent and ask them to let you know what type of animal they have and go from there... Everyone laughed and said, "We don't have time.  If you see something, ask them which apartment they are from and we will talk to them." - So in other words, they want me to do their work - go to each apartment resident and ask if they have pet, and if so, what type off and return full report to office - THEN HOPEFULLY (Keeping my fingers crossed) they will take ANY ACTIONS!  - New management is NOT GOOD - Previous management was so GOOD... Things were getting done... Policies were enforced...  This place is waiting for a law suite by one of the tenets because of dog bite or something else... I am seriously thinking to break the damn lease and go somewhere they have NO PETS... Plus, people are not that nice... gang members and thugs are always hanging out... It is NOT Paradise... It is becoming HELL...  Stay away from here if you are family person. Oh!  To pay your rent online with credit card or debit card, they charge $25 FEE... This is ON TOP OF YOUR RENT... HELL NO!!!!
