5	Awesome newly renovated local gas station, convenience store with made to order sandwiches, wraps, breakfast sandwiches. Tasty coffee selection, donuts, fountain drinks, and slushies. Hot dogs with toppings bar including chili and nacho cheese. Free wifi in the sitting area. You can also pick up your Redbox DVD rentals here.Part of Giant Eagle so use your Advantage card for discounts and fuel savings. Also frequent beverage card only takes like 5 purchases to earn a free one...Oh yeah, they sell gas... No car wash after the renovation though.Oh how I wish we had these in Seattle...
4	I'm happy to have this Get Go near where I live. Because we buy our groceries at Market District we end up saving a lot on gas here. On our first visit we paid about a dollar a gallon because we accumulated savings without knowing it. What a great deal. It's nice to have an automated fast food ordering system. First you punch-in everything you want into the computer, it prints out a receipt, you pay for it at the registers, and they have it ready. Today I tried their 'build-your-own-burger' for $3.99.There's a lot of options to put into your burger. I prefer these to Five Guys. Almost every visit, I pick up a DVD from the RedBox. Such a convenient little store!One major downside is that you can't get cashback on your debit card.
2	i want sheetz!!!
4	this get go is close but is always soooo crowded. i shop at giant eagle so of course i use the fuel perks for my trucks diesel addiction.anything helps when its 4.23 a gallon. always a big line inside but it moves fast .they also have a red box outside which is convenient.overall a nice store but still it is no sheetz!
4	I agree with Tom; If there was a Sheetz across the street, that's where I'd be.GetGo is a very close second though. I like that if I only spend $50 in groceries that I am getting 20 cents a gallon off. I come here often because I work close and the wifi cafe area is very convenient. During lunch it is crowded. And the MTO food can be slow and hit or miss. But the convenience is so great. I love spending lunch there while I work on my computer in front of the huge windows while people watching.
3	Living within the city limits of Pittsburgh you're selection of grab and go is very limited.  Limited as in Giant Eagle's GetGo is about it.  Unless you like to go to a CoGos....yeah, didn't think you did either.  As others have said, I'd rather prefer a Sheetz (damn you Sheetz, move into the city already, Ross Township area doesn't count).Now, onto this one.  I recently discovered this location is open 24 hours (bonus).  I only discovered this because I needed to get air in my one tire and was close and during a stroke of luck, I pulled in here.  Before that stop I was at this location multiple times, even before the remodel/rebuild.  I do have to say that since they redid this place, it is nice in a few ways, and horrible in a few others.The nice part is that the inside is bigger and has a wide selection of snacks/drinks to choose from.  Also there is a nice sitting area to enjoy your food made there with free WiFi.  The horrible aspect is that it is on a busy street with congestion getting in and out of there.  Parking is almost non existent.  And it's ALWAYS congested.
3	After overhauling the old nightmare of a GetGo, this location has improved dramatically...but ti's still just a GetGo.The inside of the store is nice and big. I've never ordered any food from there, but as a basic convenience store, it's decent. The staff was friendly, and they had an adequate number of cashiers, which allowed me to checkout quickly despite how business of the store. Plus, unlike CoGo's, you don't walk out of a GetGo smelling you dipped your clothes in the deep fryer while looking for the perfect soft drink and bag of chips.Unfortunately, like nearly all GetGo locations in the city, those darn FuelPerks create havoc no matter how well Giant Eagle improves the lot. When you give someone $.20 off per gallon, the potential for confusion and aggression are somehow increased. The result? Overly-crowded parking lots with lines of cars waiting to be filled with discounted gas and people who somehow forget driving etiquette. It's a frenzy I tend to avoid...until I'm to a $1.00 off...then I'll jump into the GetGo gas station mosh pit like the rest.
1	I'm sure being a get go employee is not what one aspires to be in their youth, but it CAN'T be that bad. Since I frequent this location often, ( twice a day on average) I'm aware of the late night rush for fast sandwiches and snacks. And since I work night shifts, I see what a disaster it can be. But the employees....Where do I even start? I've always written off their rudeness and complete lack of common courtesy as just them hating their jobs, but recently I've been so utterly appalled by their behavior I just have to say something because its just not right.  Two weeks ago my car key snapped off in my trunk. I had my spare, but the remote entry battery was dead. Of course, my cel phone was locked in my car. I went inside to try to call AAA. " Do you have a phone a could use?" I asked the man. Silence. " excuse me could I use your phone? I asked 3 times before I was even acknowledged and after about 4 minutes of back and fourth between employees it was decided I was allowed to use it. The cashier tossed the receiver I guess in my direction and, without ever even looking at me " what's the number" ? The receiver to my ear, I could hear he was just pounding away, typing in random numbers. He did this about four more times and then claimed it wasn't working because I didn't know the number. I handed him the triple A card so he could read it off that, but he just looked at it, said " that's what I just called " and that was it. Ok. Thanks for the help. A stranger let me use his cel phone and took 45 seconds.  Two days later, again exhausted after the night shift, I waited to be checked out by any one of the 4 employees hangin out at the deli area. After minutes of debating over which cashier was going to ring me up, a tall girl w long, straight hair came meandering over with a coffee cup suctioned to her chin. It stayed there the whole time. You know, like what a child does? A few times she adjusted it, making disgusting noises and the whole time touching her mouth, face and hair. She rolled her eyes and pounded away on the screen with her nails that had yellow plastic bows on them when I asked her to scan my advantage card. Oh I'm sorry, perhaps it would be easier to ask for it if you didn't have a cup stuck to your face. She also never once said a word to or even looked at me. Until I said have a good weekend to which she replied under her breathe " ummmmhmmmm ok". Nice. But the most disgusting display came the next night. A deaf couple was ordering sandwiches, and the red haired cashier, a short, heavy set deli woman, and the tall man who I inconvenienced by asking him to type 7 numbers into the phone, were making fun of them. " how am I gonna wait on them when they can't hear nuthin?" Waving her hands in an attempt to imitate sign language and speaking " like a deaf person". Laughing and poking fun while I waited for a cashier and they patiently waited to order. The deaf couple smiled the whole time, completely aware of what was going on, and trying to be the bigger people. I give them credit because I would have snapped. The short woman pointed to the cashier and literally screamed at the " YOU'All NEED TO PAY OVER THERE" her voice booming through the store. The red haired cashier,as she was ringing me up, heard it and burst into laughter. When the couple turned around, the woman rolled her eyes and her boyfriend put his arm around her and mouthed " it's ok, don't worry about it" in his " deaf guy voice" ( NOT my words). I'm aware that this location is about convenience , but there has to be better people out there. Management needs to really step in at this point because its simply out of control. I can handle people being rude to me on a daily basis, but I hate to see others, who can't even hear what they're saying, be treated like that! It was awful and every trip there becomes more uncomfortable. Come on, get go. Step it up. New employees, a new training program, something! This is not right!
3	ooh i miss my "Sheetz Run", but this works when I'm hungry and in a rush. (& its only a 5 minute walk away) Although I've only eaten here twice, the cheesesteak was okay for being made to order at a gas station. there is also wi-fi and a nice eating area inside.. not to mention the redbox outside. they usually offer good deals on drinks (i often see a 2/$2 sign on multiple drinks)
3	There is no better deal for gas in town -Fuel Perks baby! Giant Eagle has this cornered.  Simply use your Giant Eagle card when grocery shopping and rack up the gas discounts!  Buying holiday gift cards helped my gas costs go down significantly in December.  This location though...well it's not easy.  Getting in the lot takes effort because there are 2 entrances/exits and you have to time the lights and determine the busy lot to see where to go and how to enter.  Basically, it's a cluster.  I seriously think people go full on grocery shopping and fine dining here.  Neither are acceptable.  Gas should be the focus its Get Go.
2	I am normally scared to get gas here because it's always so busy and the parking lot is a total disaster. Getting in and out of this parking lot can be a nightmare. Don't even think about trying to make a left onto Baum or Morewood, and if you want to make a right, remember your defensive driving skills because few people who frequent this GeGo know how to drive.That being said, I do stop by from time to time to grab a Redbox, and I still get gas here often (because I like the fuel perks).
2	I'm sorry, but this GetGo is just a nightmare to get in and out of. I don't understand why it was the built this way- it's always absolutely crazy busy and having to turn in or out onto Baum takes forever. A place this well equipped (Redbox, Fuel Perks, made-to-order food inside, etc) with such high customer turnover should never have been built here. I go here for the Fuel Perks, but I always snarl every time I have to stop in.
3	This GetGo is always hopping, and I assume it's from customers using their Fuel Perks to their advantage.  The place is clean and it feels safe, but often it is so crowded there is a wait to pump gas.  The parking lot is small, so it's not that easy to maneuver around.
2	I have to agree with other reviewers--this place is a PITA to get in and out of, including by foot or bike. Given that I don't own a car anymore, I wasn't even aware that this place existed until a couple of months ago.  However, this place has one thing and one thing only that attracts me: A Redbox.  As far as I know, this is the closest Redbox to my apt., and thus, a convenient stop if I have a friend over for a movie, but I didn't prepare by ordering something from the library ahead of time.  One time, I also bought ice cream, but I don't recall having any problems checking out.  I've never ordered MTO food here, since there are approximately a thousand better places to get quick, cheap food in the neighborhood (also, being from DE, I have high standards for MTO convenience food thanks to Wawa.  Don't even ask me about Sheetz, since I haven't tried theirs yet).  Regardless of how you're accessing this place, I implore you to be careful--it's just as easy to get run over here as a pedestrian as it is to get slammed into in your car, due to the poor design. 2.5 stars.
3	I was here a few months ago. How do I know it was this specific one? I was there for FOUR. FUCKING. HOURS. I was on tour, I got separated from my band, I wasn't sure when they'd pick me up, you know how it is.Anyway, I do love being able to order a sandwich without speaking to anyone and no one called the cops on my apparent attempt to move in, so three stars for a solid performance.
1	I absolutely hate this gas station. First off, it's hard to maneuver here. The layout is just horrible. Cars are always coming and going. And secondly you would think since this is Giant Eagle related, any sale that they have would be the same as the stores. For example, windshield washer fluid was 2 for $5. I didn't need 2, so one should have been $2.50. Oh no...not here. They told me that since it wasn't GE,  I would need to purchase both for the sales price. Nope, not me. So I left.
