5	How could you not LOVE a bread store?  It smells so good inside.  They also sell bread there at a discount.  Three loaves for $1.00 or two for $1.00 depending on how old it is.  I will stock up on bread and it lasts more than a month past the date stamped on it.  I keep it in the fridge.  If you are looking for a certain kind of bread though, it all depends what they have in stock at the moment.  You can also purchase fresher loaves for $3.00 a piece.They also have a sandwich shop and limited selection of drinks there that you can purchase.  They are really good as well.You need to purchase at least $5.00 in order to use a debit/credit card though.
4	Oh... seeing this here has reminded me I want to go back here for lunch sometime. For awhile, I was going every Monday with my husband since he works near there. I like their sandwiches, and the price is great for the amount of fresh food you get with a meal. You get a little something sweet, like part of a croissant or a cookie, with your meal, and that's always a fun surprise, plus the staff is more than willing to give you freebies and snacks. They have lots of delicious-smelling bread there all the time, and it's always so cheap - $1, fifty cents. I also really like their cookies, although I ws always disappointed that they never had any chocolate chip; it was always oatmeal or oatmeal/cranberry. Still good, though.It's typically loud & hot because there isn't much separation between their machines and the small dining area, but this place is totally worth it.They do have a minimum amount ($5) you can use a credit card for (plus their debit machine takes a LONG time), and, as far as I can tell, no bathrooms.
4	We went here for sandwiches but they said they haven't sold sandwiches for over a year.  I was basing my quest on a review that was just about a year old alright.  What they DO sell is wonderful, marvelous looking and smelling bread and cakes for as little as 50 cents and a dollar.  Wow!  I didn't buy any but I made sure my daughter took note as money is tight for them and this place fits in their budget.  I wish I had one of these in San Diego!  As good as this, I mean.  I don't know when they open (early I bet) but they close about 3 o'clock.
5	I found this place not because I had driven past it approximately 1,072 times, but because I was enjoying the bread I bought at costco so much , I looked to see where it was made. Southern Ave, Mesa AZ. Oh, you mean the same Southern ave address that I drove past when I went to costco and purchased this bread (2 loaves for nearly $8) and then drove past AGAIN on the way home. Ok- got it. I paid more attention next time- and there they were- the big signs "BREAD, PIE- etc". So I stopped in - WOW! The same bread I just bought last week at Costco- for just .50 cents a loaf. WHAT?! I heart carbs and especially bread so this is the place for me. There is a super sweet bonus: they use all natural ingredients and no "enriched" or HFCS etc, etc. LOVE IT. Selection is spotty at times. Feast or famine really. I love the jalapeno cheese bread to have with my eggs.  Sourdough is always a hit. And the grainy breads with seed, nuts, etc = delicious. We buy like 10 loaves at a time and freeze them. They are always fresh . The pound cake is fantastic as well. Staff can be a little abrupt- but have always helped when we needed it. They supply bread for sprouts and other stores in the valley as well.  The hours seem to change  frequently- so I would call if you were making a drive over. They do have a "required spending" amount as other members have noted, and although this is a major pet peeve of mine (since it is directly against their merchant agreement) I let it slide- because I do not want to rock the boat. Highly recommend!
5	I just picked up the 'Multigrain with Omega 3' bread at CostCo - and, daaaaaamn, it's tasty. Awesome baking work, Alpine!
4	I've driven past this place a dozen times and finally stopped in  yesterday.  They have a very small parking lot and it was packed, had to wait for someone to leave.  But once you enter this small little shop, you're hit with the smell of fresh baked bread.  Who doesn't like that?They have organic, whole grains bread made on site - and if you don't mind day or 2 old bread, you can pick up loaves for as little 50 cents.  I just love the Apple Cinnamon Whole Wheat bread I picked, was $3.50 for a loaf.  They have all kinds of breads, croissants and a small selection of sweets like cinnamon rolls, scones and brownies.  The store was packed when I was there, would be nice to stop in when it's not so crowded and really take a look around.  The sign out front said they're only open M-F 8am until 2:30pm and closed Sat/Sun, but from reading other reviews it looks like their hours may change all the time.I'll definitely be back!
3	I have been eating Alpine Valley's 9-grain bread morning, noon, and night for a few months now.  It tastes really good, and I quickly became addicted to it. After doing a lot of research on whole grains, their 9-grain bread doesn't get a "Basic" whole grain stamp from the Whole Grains Council (www.wholegrainscouncil.org).  Alpine Valley receives a stamp on four of their breads: a "Basic" stamp on one bread (their whole wheat raisin cinnamon), and a "100%" stamp on three breads (their Cracked Wheat, Honey Whole Wheat, and Multi-Grain breads), so I will try to start eating those breads instead.I really think that companies that purport to sell healthy products should be 100% straightforward about the degree of health in each product.Even though my Alpine Bakery bread of choice does not get the Whole Grain stamp, eating this bread has led (without any conscious intention on my end) to no longer buttering bread (because it tastes so good that nothing, even butter, should cover up the taste), I have stopped eating ice cream and many other fatty foods, simply not wanting them anymore, not cake, or cookies, or Mexican food, everything pales to the experience of eating this bread with absolutely nothing on it.It may be that their 9-grain bread is sufficiently healthy.  At this point, I don't know how to evaluate it except to believe that the first ingredient being Wheat Flour means the industry standard of being refined flour, where the second ingredient is Organic Whole Wheat Flour.  Is it half refined flour?
5	Best bread in the world! All organic! so yummy! New location just east of country club on southern. Doesn't serve sandwiches anymore but has all the bread and cookies you can eat. I ll never eat any kind of bread again!
5	I just picked up the 'Multigrain with Omega 3' Buns at Costco - and, WOWZIE, it's awesome!Thanks Alpine!P.S.Only 2 points for the fun bun on Weight Watchers! Yippee!!!
4	Great place to purchase delicious bread in many varieties. My favorite is the jalapeno cheddar. Yummy yummy and so fresh. Highly recommended.
5	Ok. I'm very picky with food. Must People are picky about taste or texture.  Not me, I'm picky about quality. Bread is a particularly difficult one to understand from a quality perspective.  Enriched breads are linked to a condition known as leaky gut.  Basically that condition causes your gluten allergies.  conversely, whole wheat particularly sour dough has shown promissing benefits to gluten sensitivities.  In other words, the quality of your bread is critical to your digestive health.   I love the bread I buy here because its super high quality, made fresh, and the loaves I buy often cheaper than store bought.
1	I'm shocked to see so many positive reviews.  Bread is subpar, staff at the location is rude, or at least they were to us.  Definately will not return to this store, nor purchase any of their products (which are sold under many different names).
5	Bought the MultiGrain pack at Costco... by far my favorite bread of all time. Haven't been to the bakery, can just vouch for the Costco product, which is definitely worth the Costco membership to me =)
5	We buy this omega-3 bread from Costco, and love it!  Knowing that it's made with healthy ingredients makes me love it more.  So happy Costco started carrying it and hope they continue to do so.
2	I want to love Alpine Valley Bread. I really do. I like supporting local companies when I can, and you don't get much more local than five miles from home. They've also got an overwhelming variety of (theoretically) mouthwatering flavors. They donate tons of bread to local charities. The factory store has crazy insane prices on bread.But the bread? You know, the only thing they make and sell?It sucks.It used to be great. But now they're selling these teeny tiny baby loaves for real loaf prices, and literally nine times out of the last ten (I am a patient, forgiving man) they're gummy, underdone, undermixed, or some combination of the three. I don't feel like playing bread roulette at the outlet prices, much less at the $4 they go for at a grocer.
5	Natural Whole Grain bread loafs that normally sell at AJ's Fine Food, Sprouts, etc. for $5.00+ every day.  Ive hears about this place from a Bountiful Baskets coordinator but just never made it here -until today., and thats just a good fluke.  So apparently on Wednesday and Friday at 1:00 p.m. the fresh loaves go on sale for $1.00.  A recent occurrence has caused them to put a limit of 10 loaves a day for the $.50 loaves (2 day old bread).  There is not a limit, currently, on the $1.00 (day old) or the $3.50 fresh bread.Great selection of breads too.  New varieties including a Honey Chia.  And most important thing I need to add, these are all ORGANIC bread loafs.
5	I've only tried the Organic 12 Grain with Omega and absolutely loved it! It's the best bread I've tried, and only 46 calories per slice! Definitely a new favorite. Thank you, Sprouts!
5	This place is amazing!!! Country Club and Southern, same bread I buy at Whole Foods for $5 is .50, most $1 up to $3.50! Organic all natural and no GMO, fresh baked all types, amazing Garlic Sour Dough, sprouted bread...awesome! Holiday bread baskets, cookies, cakes! Saw a ton of big families there to get bulk, saw a man with a firefighters hat helping a less fortunate new mom get some stuff. What a GREAT place!!!
