3	So I frequent this location once a month for my free money order to pay my rent. Why go anywhere else and pay for a money order when I can come here and get a free one. Mind you, if you need an envelope they will charge you a small fee of $0.10. I find that quite funny. I never have to wait in line long. If all their employees are busy helping others, someone is always walking up to one of the windows to assist their customers. They are fast and speedy.
3	I use their prepaid card. It works.
3	I really can't believe I haven't checked in or reviewed this place yet...I've been coming to this Check City location for over 2 years now.  I have a Netspend card, which is a prepaid debit/credit card.  I come here all the time to load the card so I can pay my bills, order my bf beard oil, buy concert tickets, etc. I also just found out that money orders are FREE here.  How amazing is that?!The staff is always very friendly, and the place is clean.  I love that they are open 24/7.My only complaints are:  1.  Miscommunication and information. I was given two different stories on getting a "refund" on a money order I'd purchased earlier in the day...it ended up not being a big deal, but having consistent information is vital to good customer service.  2.  Their parking lot SUCKS.  I tried to stop in yesterday, and had absolutely NO WHERE to park.  I know its not really their fault, and I'm sure that some of the spots were taken by people visiting the bar that's in the same shopping center, but...ugh.  I really do like this location though, and come here often.
1	I have done business with Check City for the past ten years.  Always in good standing with them.  Lucky for me, I haven't needed them for the past four years, until today when I stopped in for a payday advance in the amount of $50 until tomorrow, payday.  After sitting there waiting for nearly an hour, I was informed, that Check City was no longer interested in doing business with me.  I obviously asked why, and was told "we don't know".  The staff was friendly and somewhat helpful but they have no reason to deny me a small loan when I have a perfect record with them for many years.Please save your time and money, and if you absolutely must get a payday advance where you will pay 500% interest, go someplace other than Check City.
