5	NoDa Yoga is by far my favorite yoga studio in Charlotte. I have tried quite a few studios out before finding my home here. All of the teachers are well trained and friendly. Each teacher has their own style of training and they offer quite a few classes ranging from basics to power.
5	NoDa Yoga Is a great place to discover your Yoga Practice.  It is a very intimate setting.  All of the instructors here are incredible.  You don't do the same thing class after class,  the instructors also try to tell you what the poses do for your body as well.  There is Yoga for everyone Beginners or the seasoned Yogi.  They have restorative Yoga, Saturday Morning Mediation. The Classes are very well priced.  Drop ins are $10 and if you buy 10 classes they are $7 class for ANY Regular class.  It is buy far my Favorite Studio.
4	My first class was Deep Flow with Jenny. It was an intense Vinyasa class and I enjoyed it! It's not as hard core as hot yoga or Bikram, but it was fast paced and adrenaline-inducing. Also, the mixes used during practice are great. They get you in the mood and prepared for the 60 minutes of turns, stretches, compressions, and strengthening. I've returned quite a number of times after my first-timer class card ($21 for 3 classes, regular rates are $10 a class). I got myself a $70 - 10-class card, valid for 6 months. You can also rent mats for a $1, in case you don't have one just yet. If you are used to yoga studios with mirrors though, then this is not the place. I had to adjust to that as well, as I was used to looking at my form and had myself to focus on in the mirror with my experience with other forms of yoga. But if you want to try it, it'll be worth it! I certainly enjoyed it. Also, another thing I faced was that during my first class, I struggled with the terminology -- I'm from the Philippines -- and so following in class was a bit difficult. I didn't know then what down-dog meant or what child's pose was and there were no mirrors to look at and see what everyone else was doing. It would have helped to go through each pose or if it was described as it came.Nonetheless, NoDa Yoga is my favorite yoga studio here in Charlotte so far. It is quaint and clean, and the instructors are friendly and accommodating. They also have beautiful art pieces set up around the studio that are easy on the eyes and something beautiful to look at while in practice.
5	I love love love this studio! It is overflowing with love and energy. The instructors are amazing! The yogis are friendly and it is a great location! Everyone makes you feel welcome. I HIGHLY recommend taking some yogalicious classes with the NoDa Yoga crew :D
5	This yoga studio provides a small class size, and an inviting environment to enjoy yoga class. I have attended 2 yoga basics classes with Jenny, and they have both been equally great! She does a really wonderful job at motivating you to work hard, but also allowing you to relax and enjoy your workout experience. I look forward to continuing to attend yoga classes here.
5	Small and intimate studio with wonderful teachers that assist you and modify your poses. There are classes for everyone from Beginners or the seasoned Yogi. I enjoy taking all of them.
5	For purely selfish reasons, I am almost reluctant to write this review. If too many people discover NODA Yoga, they will have to find a larger place to meet demand. Yet, what a wonderful experience I must share!NODA Yoga is simplified, minimalist perfection. You walk in, and there you have it; a STUDIO. No backrooms, no hallways, no lounge seating area.....a STUDIO. I laughed at the straight to the point nature of the design. It's focused and refreshing. I envy the residents of the community for having such a peaceful & welcoming place within walking distance of their homes.This was my first time there. I signed up for the "athlete's yoga" class with Courtnie. The stars aligned in my favor Thursday night, as I somehow was the only student present. Courtnie advised that the studio has a 2person minimum for classes, yet seeing this was my first visit, without me even asking, she decided we could go for 30min. I was thrilled; score- my first "private" yoga class!Courtnie was great; she helped me achieve challenging poses, explaining the alignment goals & benefits, and just totally made it a highly individualized session.  The best part- she cajoled me into doing my first (assisted) forearm headstand!!! Unbelievable!!!That's not all. I didn't even realize, but we ended up going the whole hour. She never not once made any hint to the passage of time, and I was really impressed at that.  She is really fantastic.Needless to say, I'm building a NODA Yoga class into my weekly schedule.
5	I found this yoga studio through a deal site and fell in love in my first two visits. The studio is small, but provides a great community of yogis. The instructors are awesome, providing guidance throughout the class and correcting postures or  encouraging us to take our practice deeper when they see the opportunity. Both Jillian and Megan have been able to guide me into postures that I've always struggled with and had a lot of self doubt. In a single session they each were able to provide the right instruction for me to feel comfortable and find success in those new postures.
5	I took my first yoga class ever at Noda Yoga about 3 years ago. Maria guided me through the amazingly informative yoga basics class as I learned the postures. As I felt more comfortable with the language I began to test out other teachers and classes. EVERY teacher at Noda Yoga is amazing! And I love knowing that depending on my mood I can pick the teacher that will provide what I need. Need a butt kicking, sweat inducing power class? Go to Jenny's class.  Want to really sink into poses and learn what each posture is doing for your inner being, visit Jillian.  Like a "hard" class with lots of hands on assists, go see Scott! It may be a small studio but it has TONS to offer. I love my little yoga family, its basically the only studio I use!
5	I had done yoga with videos, xBox and tried some large class environments for quite a while when I found Noda Yoga .  With the encouragement and acceptance of the staff, my practice went to a whole new place.  I started yoga for fitness and found that can be so much more through the grace extended to me there.I am certainly a minority in the yoga world....male, nearly 60 years old and a BMI of 28.  The teachers and the other students were welcoming to me and accepted me unconditionally. Their support led me to become a teacher myself.  No matter who you are or where you are on your yogic journey, you will be welcome at Noda.
