3	I visited Hurry 4 Curry on a Saturday evening for a take away dinner. I believe I visited on their second or third day of operation.I entered a restaurant with modern decor that was spotlessly clean. Having read about the restaurant in the Republic prior to arriving, I immediately headed towards one of the two flat screen televisions to place my order. Ordering was easy and quick and the menus offered descriptions of the Indian food for those who may be unfamiliar with the cuisine.I ordered butter chicken, naan bread and Basmati rice. This came to $8.50. It was a pleasure to see, as is done in many other countries, that the tax was included in the price of each item. While I could have swiped my credit card to pay at the "menu monitor," I chose to pay cash and received service from the friendly lady at the cash register. She also validated my parking in the AZ Center garage. My butter chicken (you can choose naan or rice as a side) was $7.50 and my naan was another dollar, which brought the total cost of my meal to $8.50. Because I was ordering take away, I did not order a drink. I did, however, see that the restaurant is applying for a liquor license; presumably for the sale of beer given that there is no "bar" in the quick service space.After a wait of maybe five minutes, I received my food in what one might describe as "higher-quality" Chinese food boxes. The naan bread was wrapped in foil.After a short drive home, I transferred my food from box to plate and began to enjoy my dinner. While the rice was very well cooked (generally fluffy and not clumped together), the naan (as the Republic also reported) was somewhat disappointing. While it was definitely naan and not pita bread, I found my serving to be almost cracker-like in texture and too cool of a temperature. (I assume this may be because the naan was prepared earlier in the day. I wonder, though, if they could have devised a way to warm the bread before serving in a convection oven?) My butter chicken was flavorful, but also rather cool in temperature. Portion sizes were more than adequate.When I visited, the restaurant was empty. Because I hope this restaurant will survive (I think the concept is novel), I sent some of the concerns detailed above in the form of constructive criticism to the restaurant after eating my dinner. Would I return? Sure. I enjoyed a healthy, filling and flavorful dinner for a fair price. And, when I return, I will be happy to adjust my star rating upwards if some minor improvements have been made.
4	ok so here is the skinny on a place I have been anticipating for quite some time. Hurry 4 Curry is small, basic, and completely neat-o.Ordering is done via touchscreen televisions and and paid for by swiping your credit card. If you want to pay cash, you can do so at the counter. You'll slow things down for sure, think of the visa commercials. They are pending a liquor license right now.The people working there were nice, and offered to help me with the ordering process. Sorry, if you can't figure this out, you need to go off yourself immediately and stay out of the gene pool. The food is premade, and in 5 pots in the middle of the kitchen. When you order, they go get a plate, put some rice and some main dish on it and bring it to you. The food I got was tasty, albeit a bit underspiced. They are planning on staying open until 9pm nightly. I thanked them for their ambitious plans and let them know I hope they don't give up like a lot of places do. If you live in the city, and like this place, I ask you to do the same. It would suck if I got used to this for dinner and they changed to say, 6pm closing.
5	Too, too cool. I ordered on a touch screen, my first time doing so.The buttered chicken was awesome!I don't know much about Indian cusine but this restuarant gave me a nice introduction. I will be back...ALOT!
5	If you are looking for a fresh change of pace then Hurry 4 Curry is the place for you. I didn't know much about Indian food. Probably still don't know much more today....but I can say that I have eaten here several times and never have been disappointed. New Slick modern place, friendly staff, quick service all help make the place worthy of the visit. The food is outstanding. One of the things I like best is that the menu is changing all the time. There are new manager specials every time I visit. Now when I order I just go for the special....it hits the spot every time. I hope everyone gets a chance to discover this place. Downtown needs new creative places like this and this place makes Downtown PHX just a bit more interesting and lively. I cant wait for my next meal!
4	Not a bad place...Its fast, convenient, and the food is not too shabby..They have a daily selection of entrees you can choose from that are premade in pots.  You choose these items from a computer!  And you pay at the computer!  Very High tech...I had the butter ck which was surprisingly edible and tasty!  The Naan was made on the spot with dough that they roll out and bake in their special oven:)  NiceI also tried the Mango Lassi which was good, but I did not like the spice they sprinkle on top..For the setup, location, price and food...I will be back!
5	Every dish is different, I have tried most of the stuff on the menu.  All of the dishes are flavorful.  I prefer either a chicken dish like the butter chicken or spicy curry chicken or tikka masala.  I also like the dishes that use cheese.  Every time I make sure to get the garlic naan no matter what entree I get.  The price is very reasonable.  The people are friendly.  I have been there plenty of times and I think it is the best food joint in AZ center.
1	Hurry for Curry, then wait. It took 25 minutes for me to get my order. Don't get it confused with the chain Curry in a Hurry, that would imply they are quick. Also don't get it confused with Naan and Curry in San Francisco, because then it would be cheaper, faster and better.This is the second time I've eaten here. The first time I had the chicken curry (which took awhile too). Also, I was confused, because I thought Indian Curry is usually thick like a paste. This curry was extremely watery. Also, I was confused because they gave me a tiny little piece of undercooked bread, which I guess was supposed to be the naan.The second time was when I had to wait (longer I mean). When I finally got my order, my extra order of naan wasn't ready. Although they certainly had enough naan for everyone else. I sat down, finished my food, and sure enough no extra naan. The naan I had was still undercooked, so I thought they would just under cook the extra too, since they don't bother to finish cooking it fully.Furthermore, what's with the ordering through computers? Are they meant to save time? Or look cool? The line is always backed up with people navigating thru menus on these. Also, with the automated ordering machines, they should have extra man-power in the kitchen right? Nope.Seriously, this is Indian food gone wrong. Next time you have a curry craving go for any of the great Indian restaurants in the valley, I've liked all the ones I've tried. Or if you're downtown, go next door to the Mexican restaurant, the pizza place, or (never thought I'd say this) Subway. If you have the time hop over to Breadfruit or Pastabar. Or just wait till people tire of this place and after it closes, eat at the new restaurant that takes its place.
4	Besides for my food not being especially hot, the food was great.  Quick service, good food, and great prices.  If I lived there I would be returning often
3	I was jonesing for chicken tikka masala. After resisting the temptation to be the loser eating at an indian buffet alone I decided to try this new place I'd been hearing about. After fighting downtown traffic and parking, I walk up to the touch screen and discover NO TIKKA MASALA. Super lame. Apparently the menu changes daily...I begrudgingly order the butter chicken and some naan. I was pleasantly surprised! I was expecting a generic Pei Wei experience but aside from the naan being a little rubbery and oily it was actually quite tasty. I really wish this place wasn't in the black hole that is the Arizona Center, er..."Copper Square". Whatever. By the looks of how dead it is at lunchtime I don't know how good the survival rate is but I'm excited to go back and try some of the other items!
1	Was so excited to have an Indian restaurant in downtown Phoenix that I can go to for lunch. Was instantly disappointed that they offer a limited selection of menu items (their menu changes daily and they offer a handful of items each day). Plus, they only use dark chicken meat (hello, white is so much healthier for you!). The food wasn't very flavorful. Portions were decent but would have much rather had a buffet.
3	Ate there today as a family after the movies.  The menu changes daily and you use a touch screen to order - no problem.  However, after I ordered, I stood in front of the counter to get cups for water for more than 5 min and was completely ignored by the two staff members.  Finally when another customer was paying cash for his ordered - something that still requires human interaction - I was able to catch their attention and get my cups.   So customer service - non existent.  The food was pretty good, we had butter chicken, vindaloo chicken and dal with two extra naan's on the side.  The best entree was butter chicken, the vindaloo was tasty but not nearly as spicy as it should have been.  The naan was freshly made on the spot.  Overall though, I'd rather have gone to one of the many indian buffets for lunch - same price, better food and value.  Of course, don't think there are any in the area, so you'd have to make a trip.
3	Got takeout here the other night.  Disappointed there's no tikka or vindaloo on the menu but meh, it rotates so maybe I'll get lucky next time.  The service was courteous and fast, price was right, portions were adequate.  Naan turned out ok, as did the veg biryani and kidney masala.  I got butter chicken and the kidney masala to-go tonight, and dipped my tongue in--tastes ok.  I'd say more, but I'm in a hurry, bitches!next morning edit: bummer, they burned the bean curry this time.  butter chicken was fine.  looks like the neighborhood still desperately needs decent indian takeout.
2	Indian food! New fangled technology! Cute name!  Central Location, convenient to light rail! There's plenty to like, theoretically, but our experience  here was one and done. We arrived early evening, before a ballgame.  It seemed a little off peak, like maybe the B team was on duty. We ordered via the touch screen, and after a couple tries, generated a receipt.  Then waited a long while for "fast food", and it seemed longer because you dont get a human confirmation that it's even in progress.  Half the wait, I wondered if there was a problem - moreso because workers behind the counter looked as disoriented and idle as we were.  Eventually, they brought the food (or we retrieved it, i forget), but none of this inspired much confidence or good will.  My curry was on the bland side. Not terrible, but this place is altogether too tentative.
3	Dinner before a show at the Herberger, we ate at Hurry 4 Curry at the Arizona Center.  A small place where you order & pay at a computer then pick up your food at the counter.  It seems everything was prepared in advance, as all of our orders were filled very quickly.  All four of us ordered something different and we shared, my favorite was the butter chicken.  Also the naan was good, served piping hot.
3	Pretty good Indian food in Phoenix.
3	I'm waffling between 2 and 3 stars ... Will I eat at Hurry 4 Curry again? Yes. Why? It was fast. It was not a sandwich. It is close to work. OK, I'm going with 3 stars because I will most likely go there over the other "in a hurry" options at the Arizona Center. My co-worker picked up our food (she said the touch screen ordering was great), and we both got the Butter Chicken. It was OK - nothing out of this world amazing, but it was very saucy (which I like). Next time, I'll probably get something with some spice. I didn't realize it was not going to be spicy at all.
5	Imagine the pickiest eater in the world.. then times it by a million.  That's my boss and most times I'm afraid to even suggest a place to eat to him.  He took me to this underrated downtown gem and I was instantly hooked.First of all, if you don't know Indian food that's OK... Simply ask one of the servers for a sample.  They will let you sample everything but the made-to-order black pepper shrimp.My favorites are the chicken vindaloo and butter chicken.  You must order some rice and garlic na'an to have the full taste experience.  This is why you see some yelpers complain about the sauciness and/or lack of fulfillment with their meals.The spicy chicken briyan (sp?) is quite good, but has that all spice taste to it that always rubs me the wrong way.My cousins are half Pakistani and I have had excellent Indian food.  This place is not far behind, so give it a shot.  And again, don't be shy to ask for a sample!
1	I was initially excited at the idea of fast indian food. The ordering eperance at the kiosk is novel. On my first and only trip to Hurry 4 Curry I was a bit disappointed. The menu lacked the number of options one would see at other Indian reatraunts. I ordered a dish that equated to a black stew of lentils and spices with naan. Despite the limited menu and ordering format it too the food several minutes to be ready. For the price ($7 no drink) the portion was very small as was the piece on Naan. The flavors were quite muted when compared to some Indian places, and this also disappointed me as I like bold and spicy indian foods. I gave their condiment a try, it looked like onions and peppers in a sauce, however it was just very very salty and lack any other flavor.I then went to get my parking validated. I then found out when leaving the garage that the validation that this place offered was virtually useless. This ended up adding another $5 to a quick and small Indian lunch.
2	I was intrigued by the computer kisok ordering, however not getting the human interaction/acknowledgement that your order was received on was uncomfortable for me.  I ordered thier Butter Chicken and was given the choice of either rice or naan (why can't I have both for the $8, I can add to get both for at least $1 extra) and a mango lassi.  I selected my order To-Go and awkwardly waited, wondering if they got my order, if I was supposed to wait at the counter for my mango lassi or if it all came out at once.   It wasn't busy (like 3 customers waiting on To-Go orders) but the employees appeared just as awkward trying to put the food together.  The man before me had ordered one of their Specials that day the Butter Chicken Wrap.   The Butter Chicken was way to saucy for a wrap and the workers were clearly flustered by the fact that it was busting thru the naan.  The employees there wanted to make it over for him but he said he would take it as is.  They make their naan one at a time, which means you get it fresh but adds to the wait.Like many of the other reviewers I waffled between 2 and 3 stars. While the food was good (not great), the awkwardness of the expereince has me dropping it to a 2.   Will I go back?  Yeah, until  I get a good Indian restaurant  downtown.
3	I wavered between 2 and 3 stars on this one, but I decided to be nice and round up.I work in the Arizona Center. I walk by Hurry 4 Curry probably 2 or 3 times a day, but do not venture in.  Why?  I really don't have a taste for Indian Food, but came here with Scott W at his request.  Experience was okay, company was definately more exciting then the restaurant itself.For starters, Menu was limited and pricey.  I went with the butter Chicken on Naan.  Ordered at the Kiosk, and paid with my card.  Poor Scott went serveral minutes before he was able to pay with cash.  Drink area is self serve.We ended up eating outside.  Tables were wobbly, and you had to be careful.  (I've lost plates of food and hot drinks in my day from wobbly tables.  I get nervous!)  My food was warm.  Not hot, but warm. I was dissapointed that it wasn't cooked hot.  Anyways, I will be back, but only if someone else wants me to go with them.
3	This place gets a weak 3.  Thursday evening I attended "[title of show]" at The Herberger (OYE) and decided I wanted to eat before the show.  I found out Amy B was going and I asked if she wanted to meet me somewhere close.  Arizona Center doesn't offer much in the way of cheap and quick and I wanted more than a sandwich.  I suggested this place and she said OK as she had not yet tried it either.Ordering was simple.  The Kiosk had links to descriptions and stuff.  Without much going on in the place the folks working there seemed real busy without accomplishing anything, and we sort of got ignored for a few minutes at the counter.  And later, while we were eating, there seemed to be a bit of swapping of drinks and things with Mi Amigo's next door, and at one point one of the employees went around the corner and I think borrowed some foil pans from someplace.  I like the idea that friendly competitors will help each other out.  Also while we were eating the manager appeared and made the rounds of the tables to see how folks were doing.Amy chose a butter chicken wrap and I ordered the butter chicken with rice ($7.75) and a soda ($1.50).  I don't eat much Indian/Middle Eastern/Mediterranean food so I didn't really have a lot to compare against.  My Americanized description is marinated chicken with rice covered in gravy.  The only difference would be the seasonings in the marinade and the gravy.  It was ok and a change from some of the more common fast food items.  It was, however, only lukewarm.  I think that has to do with a couple of things.  The food is kept warm in big clay pots and the choice of styrofoam plates.  Styrofoam doesn't handle high heat well but if they used paper it doesn't handle gravies very well.  They can't win on that one.  I thought the meal was priced fairly given the location and the prep involved.  Given the choice of a similar cuisine I would choose Pita Jungle.  That isn't to say I would rule out going back here again if I was in the area.
3	This place is hip!  How do I know?  They followed the Code of M.C. Hammer.  Too Legit to Quit?  Boooohhhh-ring.2Legit2Quit?  Whoa!  Hip and innovative!  I for one love integers, so imagine my enthusiasm when they decided not to open a Hurry For Curry and instead opened a Hurry4Curry!There's all sorts of reasons 2 feel lukewarm about Hurry4Curry.1) The self-serve touchscreens.  Are people really that excited about this?  Have they never touched an iPod?  I don't understand the thrill of being your own check-out person (a la the grocery store).  Isn't that what the people behind the counter are being paid to do?  And I get to do it for free?2) A rotating menu.  Look, I can't tell vindaloo from biryani from Benny Agbayani (that's a baseball zing).   So I don't have Indian food favorites.  But IF I did, I think I'd find it really frustrating if I went in and my favorite thing was unavailable just because the owner/cooks are bored.  3)  Maybe the prices are good.  Maybe they're not.  My meal, drink and naan was 481.11 rupees.  Err, excuse me.  Ten dollars and fifty cents.  It doesn't feel like a good deal for fast food.The postiives?  Naan bread was warm and delicious.  Some added variety to an Arizona Center devoid of culinary inspiration.  (People: please stop going to Hooters.  Two worst meals of my life.)  Also, did I mention this already?  They have an integer in their name.It's not destination dining but a good break from Chain Hell.
3	Good place for lunch. Most dishes are quite spicy. I wished the biryani was a bit milder. Naan is so so. I love the automated touchscreen order.
3	I really want to love this place.  The food is fresh and flavorful. The servings are large enough to share unless you're really hungry.  The garlic naan rocks and the butter chicken is still my favorite. I recommend always getting the rice with this dish, well I always get rice and naan with this.  My main issue is still with the concept. And the employees while friendly and willing to serve still manage awkwardly in the kitchen.  This visit they were having to play catch up from the previous shift which leftpots empty and dishes dirty. It was delaying the orders.
2	The self-serve ordering process is neat-o and fast. But the food is not good -- at all. I had the daal, which lacked any trace of flavor. Just imagine some lentils in a starchy, soupy goop. Some salt might have been nice, any seasoning really. It was barely edible, with a thorough dousing of Tabasco.The naan was in insult to all that is naan. Instead of light, fluffy bread, with a crispy, slightly charred shell, I got a tough, greasy, tortilla-like thing, slathered in a butter-like substance.Two stars for the concept and the really tasty iced tea.
1	Closed! it would seem they did not pay their rent and the AZ center locked them out
