4	I'm pretty excited that what Left Handed Productions is going to be doing for my business.  I had a great experience just in the planning (sales stage), and how many times can you say you enjoy being "sold" too.Their online marketing is right in tune with I have been trying to accomplish on my own, only they are going to do it with a much greater margin of polish than I could ever dream of.The diversity their team offers is great with each piece of my marketing strategy being handled by someone who specializes in that field, so I get an artist designing my brand and image, while someone different handles the "off the page" stuff.  What I appreciate the most is that i get to be involved in the process and I can actually talk them if need be.  Instead of waiting days for my "acct rep" to get back to me, because I asked a question they couldn't answer.You can't beat a small business helping another small business, especially when you can get that face time with them... and you tend to get more for your investment than the larger, national competitors.If you are a small business person looking for an online marketing strategy with defined milestones, you should definitely consider giving Leann and her team a call!
5	left Handed productions offers its clients the most professional service with a kick of personality. Their name represents quality, creativity, and morals.. I love them.. Thanks LHP... Love you guys.. You especially LeAnne
4	It's difficult for me to give 5 stars so consider this a 4.5 star rating.Left handed Productions has done video production and they did some head shots for my company. The staff is great, the service is customized to your needs the quality is great and the price is very affordable.Try them out, I think you will be glad you did.
5	Left Handed Productions is THE place to go for your marketing.  She has produced hundreds of videos for us with lightening speed and they turned out spectacularly!  I have seen much of their design work on logos and marketing material and it is completely versatile.  They do classy and professional, funky and modern, but it is always cutting edge.  Plus its a well known fact southpaws are generally more creative...Left Handed Productions has made being a lefty hip.  (After working with them, wish I was one) :)
5	Being left handed myself, I am really looking forward to taking advantage of the web presence services offered by Left Handed Productions.  Leanne and her staff are so helpful and attentive.  They have discouraged us from doing things we wanted to do and encouraged us to do things we hadn't even considered.  Their recommendations are well thought out and clearly presented.
5	You guys are freaking awesome!!  I honestly never have had a great experience with a company before until i met Left Handed Productions.  They have been incredible throughout the whole website design process and have been there for me every time i have had a question.  They have been more then fair with the cost associated with building a website and I cant thank them enough for all they have done for me and my company.  THANKS FOR EVERYTHING!!!!
5	Leann, Heather and Brian have exceeded my expectations, the site overhaul has had positive feedback.  We've got some really cool things planned in the future.It's great that I can talk to them when I need to,  to brainstorm and go over things and that anything I need from a marketting standpoint can be done all under one roof.
