5	I used to go home to Santa Cruz all the time and party with my friends. Then, on one trip, all my friends were busy. They were all at CROSSFIT on party nights! The second time I went home, I started to notice incredible physical changes in my fellow party animals. One guy that had a beer gut was ripped with a six pack and huge guns.  Once again, no one wanted to party because they didn't want to screw up their crossfit routines.  I had to find out what could possibly be better than partying with my friends. That's when I found Tribal Crossfit. I saw an ad to try out a session and see if I liked it. Jake and I set up a time, and I met him in the gym - a warehouse/huge garage fitted with free weights, wooden boxes, and bars with long rubber things hanging down. Jake taught me about the importance of good form and basic technique for pushups, squats and pull-ups. He gave suggestions on balance, foot placement, breathing, and I was blown away at how well he could identify my body's weaknesses and strengths. After about half an hour of this, I thought the intro was over and I said "Thanks" thinking it was time to leave. Then Jake got a big grin on his face, and said, "That was the warm up." I thought he was kidding at first, but quickly realized this was no joke.  He said, "Most people's work out is our warm up."  I proceeded to do 25 squats, 12 pushups and 7 pull ups - over and over again. (I don't remember how many times - this was awhile ago.) I came home thinking that all my friends back home were nuts. Why would anyone put themselves through this on purpose? I was sore for five days strait and could barely climb stairs or reach the tall cabinets in the kitchen. I decided to wait awhile since the holidays were coming and I wasn't sure how often I would be able to go.After the holidays, my husband tried it, and became addicted immediately. He was only sore for two days after his first session. I am still a little pissed about that. I joined about two weeks later.Here's what I love about crossfit: every class is different and a challenge, most sessions have a timed activity which feels wonderfully competitive and pushes you a little further, I leave class feeling completely alive and de-stressed, and now, if I go a couple days without a little muscle pain, I feel the need to workout harder. I haven't been in the class long enough to see huge physical differences yet, but I feel more alive than I ever have in my life.My friends back home gave some good advice on finding the right crossfit gym, and I am lucky I found Jake at Tribal Crossfit because he meets the criteria. Good form is really important - you want to make sure you have an instructor that is emphasizing good form over increasing weight, or you could get hurt.  Jake knows the human body so well - in the last four weeks, I've had a few aches and pains. As soon as I point them out, he is able to show me how to adjust the move to stop the pain. The class is a pricey. But if you think of how much it would cost to have a private trainer three - six hours a week, this is a bargain!I HIGHLY recommend Tribal Crossfit!
5	I started Crossfit training at Tribal Crossfit about 3 months ago.  I've never been this enthusiastic about training.  My normal workout time is the 5am class and friends are shocked by that because I'm not known to be a morning person at all.  That's the thing though, I truly look forward to training with Jake and my fellow athletes.  Everyone is encouraging but, at the same time, competitive.  I've had a few workouts with the evening class and they are great as well.Just a few words about Jake.  Jake is an awesome fit for a Crossfit coach.  He's patient, encouraging, but there's some tough love there too.  Jake has an eye for form and movement and will not let you skate through an exercise with sloppy form.  Also, Jake will recommend a scaled version of a workout and you can't do the workout as prescribed (God knows I've taken advantage of that often :) )  Early on in training I missed 2 or 3 days because of scheduling issues or whatever and Jake called me to see where I'd been and if everything was ok.  I was impressed with that for sure.If you are considering a new gym or workout routine, you should look into Crossfit.  If you are considering Crossfit, you owe it to yourself to checkout Tribal Crossfit.Welcome to the Tribe!!!
5	The best and most efficient workout I've ever done- hands down. When I first moved to AZ, I found Tribal Crossfit and felt very welcomed by all the coaches and cross-fitters here. Jake is very friendly and knowledgeable when it comes to cross-fit. I liked how he was always engaged during the workouts by giving out pointers on my form, tips, and encouragement. Unfortunately, I decided to pick a gym closer to where I was living in Tempe. A properly equipped Crossfit gym. Great Coaches. Great people. I Highly Recommend!
