3	What a long day!  We drove for five and a half hrs and finally made it.We checked in at 3 pm after M's wedding.  I took a short nap and found the room to be cozy.  It had two nice swimming pools.  Unfortunately, I forgot my swimsuit since the night before I was running around the house like a mad woman trying to get my stuff together.  If you're not planning to hang out at the hotel all day, then this place will do.
1	gross, smells filled with dirt and bugs, hookers hang out here, this is a gross hoteldo not stay here.
3	Not too bad, but nothing to write home about. The room was decent, I had no real complaints about it, the only real pain was the check in process really. They had some rule that I had to go get my girlfriend out of the car and have her give her ID before I check in. The hell? Only hotel in the country I ever had to do that in, I also saw some rule about no guests after 11:00. Look I was on a road trip so I could care less, and I'm assuming this is some anti-prostitution thing, or being in Arizona maybe it's some anti immigration thing. Either way it was annoying after driving for so long, and standing in a long line.Hotel is decent, worth the discounted price I paid for it, but next time I'd rather go some where I don't feel so spied on. They have a security guard just standing watch outside, normally I guess I'd feel safe, but I just felt weird. Probably a good place to bring the family though, but make sure they all have ID's.
1	Shame I can't give this place a lower review. The management was rude. The toilet in the room didn't stop running. Ancient tv's, and god only knows what dna was left in the room. I won't be staying here ever again.
1	My neighbor blasted his tv  all night long, so I'm already in a bad mood.  I decided to stop fighting it and get up to bathe.   There is no plug for the the drain.  I went to the front desk and she said she had no way of getting one she's alone.  I asked if I could get one from an empty room.  Then I was told they don't have any.  Who doesn't have a drain plug really!    Everything in the room was fine, besides the lack of a plug and the two pubic hairs I found on the toilet seat.
1	This place is ghetto assf#*k! There are methers, prostitutes and scum that frequent this place, they do offer a AAA discount that brings the total to around $50 after tax. If you need a place to stay this will do, just don't leave your valuables in your vehicle.Good luck
1	The best thing about the premier inn has to be the lobby because it wisks you into a false sense of security. But the moment you enter your room that delusion is hard to get back. My room was #1051, and the moment the i entered i notice that the room had a slant to the left. I thought i was just seeing things but once again upon further inspection i reached the bathroom which there was no mistaking that there was some foundation problems. I will never stay there again
1	There should be a way to leave zero stars.  This room I was in was dirty and smelled funny.  Everything in the room was old and worn not to mention a terrible attempt to fix a big hole in the ceiling.  The bathroom was disgusting.  The only thing worse than the room was the staff.  In my two interactions with them I was ignored for long periods of time and treated dismissively when they did deign to speak to me.  I can't understand how they're still in business.
