5	Best muffler shop in town. There are VERY few shops that I trust, and Mighty Muffler is one of them.  Greg has worked on multiple cars and has always done a great job.  If there is ever any issues he takes care of the problem, no questions asked.
5	What a great place!! I was having muffler and exhaust problems (my civic sounded like a chopper), so I took it to a large chain auto shop, they said they didn't wanna risk touching my car, since they don't specialize in mufflers. They recommended mighty muf'ler. After a day @ their shop I get a call saying my car is ready. I'm expecting to pay upwards of $500, but the man at the shop said he didn't want me to pay for what I don't need, and that he would just patch up what needed patching. $25 later, my car sounds like new!! great place, and very friendly!!
5	If you or anyone you care about has muffler problems, come here!! My FJ cruiser had a rattle underneath from a boulder mishap for years. I was referred here and 20 minutes and $25 later it was good as new! Dealer had told me it was going to be so expensive that I would be better off making an insurance claim. I am so glad I was given the right advice to come here.
5	7/25/12Went to Mighty Muf'ler based off other Yelp reviews. Greg was excellent! Went in with some noise problems and he took a look right then and there. Didn't have the part on hand but was getting some in after the weekend, said the repair would be about a buck and quarter. A few days later I called to see if I could stop in and he had everything ready to go in just over an hour. The quote was accurate and he even did some extra welding where he saw it needed to be done. Very friendly, I would highly recommend.9/12/14Back again, I needed a new muffler this time. I was in and out pretty quickly and as before, Greg was great to work with. He's got a great personality and good sense of humor to boot. I honestly can't see going anywhere else for my exhaust needs, plus I'm glad that I can support a locally owned business over some dealer or chain store.
5	I was told to see Greg after a local shop diagnosed my exhaust problem.  He took a few minutes to look at my car, told me what I needed and what it would cost. I went back a week later, he did the work in the time he told me it would take and there was no surprises and my car is doing well. I would recommend this place over ANY muffler shop. Plus you support local business and not a chain.
5	Got me in and out fast, inexpensive, and friendly.
5	I've never kept a car more than 2-3 years and never needed repairs. My current car has low mileage, looks like new but is 11 years old. I am learning fast about car repairs. I have only lived here for 8 months in central Phoenix and have needed minimal repairs. When my exhaust system started to rattle and made a deep throaty noise I feared the worst, a big bill. I could tell the muffler was sound but the issue was further in. I took the auto to a local well rated ( in Yelp) national franchised shop. The mechanic told me indeed it was not the muffler but all the brackets and piping upto the manifold needed replacement for $250. He already put the car down off the lift so I could not see it. I declined and went to Fry's. There I put down a towel, went under the side to look. An elderly man came up to see if I was having a problem. I explained what happened and he immediately told me to go to Gene at Mighty Muf'ler who was an honest local business. I went there, Gene immediately put the car on the lift, immediately diagnosed it was a rusted hangar clip, he fixed it, shaved away the connections on the connecting pipes and charged me $30. In this day and age to have an honest professional, I reccomend him highly. Even if it was more expensive, he took me underneath and showed me exactly the issue.
5	This is my third experience with Greg. He is nothing but honest and thorough in all he's done. Today he advised against an exhaust I wanted by flowmaster insisting I wouldn't be happy. Turns out he was right! Installed a powerful sounding magnaflow and a new tip on my Tacoma. Also done work on my friends 370z Nissan and a Civic I had a few years ago. Highly recommend his company. Fast, friendly, and knowledgeable. Thanks for your work today!
5	It's not often that you find honesty, integrity, and quality in the auto repair business, but Mighty Muffler folks are all of those things.  I called them to see what kind of mufflers they stocked for my 2004 Corvette.  The owner was honest and told me he didn't stock them and I could get them cheaper by ordering them myself on the Internet.  He said he would be glad to install them for me and he allowed me to have them shipped directly to his shop.  He stored them for me and installed them for the quoted price.  He modified some aftermarket parts on the car to assure a perfect fit at no extra cost and sent me happily on my way with a corvette that emits a deep throaty muscle car sound.  I recommend Mighty Muffler for anything from your Kia to your '34 Ford hot rod coupe.
