5	Brilliant! I caught a concert by the Symphony Orchestra of Montreal this past week and it was excellent. The wood interior is very reminiscent of the Strathmore in DC or the Walt Disney concert hall in LA, and the acoustics are excellent. Like the aforementioned, there are panels on the ceiling that can be adjusted to alter the sound of the orchestra below.The entire concert hall feels very bright and natural. The interweaving of certain wall elements gives the impression that the structure was grown instead of built. In a word, it's beautiful.
5	I would like to write with all the passion and admiration I have for the new symphony hall of Montreal that this wonderful city and its inhabitants deserve so much. The acoustics of the Maison Symphonique de Montreal are amazing. The design is modern and bright. The highly professional Orchestre Symphonique de Montreal is shining in this hall under the direction of Kent Nagano. Every one of their concerts is celebration of the power of music. Time flies in this hall under the spell of the magicians with musical instruments and when the concert is over we wish the magic can last forever.
5	I don't have a great deal of experience in terms of concert halls. I went to the Wilfrid-Pelletier Hall a long while ago, so this was my vision for the Maison Symphonique. I was so pleasantly surprised! First, you get to access it through the Place-des-Arts metro, without having to go outside, a million bonus points! The "House" is roomy, yet intimate, thanks to the all-wood decor.The seats are very comfy, regardless of where you sit, even in the choir, were everyone picks a bench spot.  The various concert-goers around me were praising the acoustics, and I'll have to trust them on that one. My only gripe is the external layout of the place, it is tailor-made for traffic jams. The narrow staircase is the only staircase, so prepare to line up and down before the concert, during the concert, after the concert..I get it, I'm a tad of a hoarder too, when I go somewhere, I need at least a water bottle, my wallet and a book, but dear person to my right, did you need your expedition backpack, (plus winter coat, plus boots), the one I had to share my seat with? The one that kept clinking when you moved throughout the Tchaikovsky piece? The coat check is 3$ and right in front of the entrance, your neighbours will be thankful.
