5	I love this park and walking trail. I often ride bicycles through this park. It is connected to several other trails, so if you do the whole systems, it is approximately 3.5miles. Do watch out for the inconsiderate pet owners that do not pick up after their pets.This is also part of the Peccole Ranch Community, and connects with their disc golf course. It is very nice and well maintained.
5	After being in this valley more than 25 years, I have really grown to appreciate the Walking Trails in Peccole Ranch. As a Realtor I am usually out playing tour guide showing many of the communities Las Vegas has to offer. Peccole Ranch is usually on the list of places we visit. Being and older community, the huge trees offer relief and solace to a point you would think you were somewhere else in the country entirely. The miles of trails offer great exercise for your morning walk or detailed work out on your daily regiment. Disc Golf within the trails is a great way to spend many hours getting out with family and friends. There are also plenty of picnic areas if that is more your speed.I highly recommend this community to many of my clients for its very unique walking trails that are not like anything else you will find in Las Vegas
5	Love these trails. They interconnect with several other trails in the neighborhood so there are a variety of different routes that one can take.I've also seen security on bikes a few times while out on the trails so apparently they are regularly patrolled.
5	Beautiful trails to walk or jog. A little oasis in the desert
4	HEALTH IS HAPPINESS  The Peccole Ranch Walking Trail (PRWT) is an unsigned Summerlin trail system in the neighborhood bounded by Hualapai Way to the west, Charleston Boulevard to the north, Fort Apache Avenue to the east, and Sahara Avenue to the south. After experiencing PRWT, I see it as three connected concrete trails winding through a continuous linear park. Trail 1 starts at Hualapai Way to the west which is 0.4 miles north of Sahara Avenue. A tunnel carries it under Grand Canyon Drive. After intersecting with a spur trail, it heads northeast. A second tunnel carries it under Red Hills Drive. Leaving the tunnel it parallels Apple Drive up to it concludes at Trail 2 near Charleston Boulevard. This is the physical fitness trail. Fitness stations with cooresponding descriptive signs adorn the parkscape. They include a vertical ladder, chinning bars, and squat-stretch bench. If health is happiness, this is the trail to happiness. Trail 2 runs south of the commercial and residential development along Charleston Boulevard from Hualapai Way to a couple hundred feet east of the Apple Drive tunnel. Trail 2 weaves through a linear disk golf course. Trail 3 is the spur trail off Trail 1, which continues the due-east direction of PRWT past a surface crossing with Preakness Pass to the easternmost point at Fort Apache Road.  In late November, I spent a couple of hours enjoying an adventure on PRWT. It reminded me of its sister linear parks in Summerlin: The Pueblo Park and Cottonwood Canyon. However, there were a few characteristics that separated PRWT from its sister linear parks. In comparison, it is a more compressed space bordered by walls instead of larger homes up on hills; with the exception of the trail east of Preakness Pass,  the landscape is golf course green grass; and parking lots are nonexistent.   My adventures along PRWT color me impressed. Graffiti is nonexistent. Mature pine trees and colorful trees that left sprinklets of fallen leaves on golf course green grass attracted birds. Birds were everywhere. Many of the adjacent backyards have humingbird feeders. The white concrete trail is a work of art that gently weaved between the bordering walls of the linear park and under picturesque tunnels. Green streetlamps complimented the parkscape. The gentle inclines added texture to the trail. And the fitness stations are a celebration of good health.  This is an unadvertised trail. Signing and parking lots are nonexistent. My advice is to park at either the Sahara West Library parking lot or Hualapai Commons Shopping Center anchored by Smith's at the southeast corner of Charleston and Hualapai. To reach PRWT from the Sahara West Library, you will walk north on Grand Canyon Drive for 0.4 miles until you reach the overpass. The Hualapai Commons is adjacent to PRWT. Both parking lots are a relatively short distance east of the 215.  After spending a couple of hours exploring PRWT I felt uplifted and a few pounds lighter than when I came into the trail. I felt healthy! As the sign says on the fitness trail "health is happiness. " And because this is the season of giving, I want to give people happiness by recommending an adventure on the Peccole Ranch Walking Trail.
5	We love these trails! I've taught all 3 of my kids how to ride bikes on this trail.  The frisbee course users are very courteous and dogs are almost always leashed.  It's gorgeous!  Watch out for flash flooding though, this turns into a river in minutes.
5	Amazing place to come relax or exercise a bit. Love all the green spaces for pets and kids. Even on winter the trails are clear for walkers and you can get a little bit of snow really early in the mornings
4	These trails are beautiful with plenty of cool shade and lush green grass--perhaps because of all the sprinklers! I felt like I was in a video game trying to dodge them, which definitely kept my walk interesting.
5	I love this park/trail. It snakes through various areas in summerlin and the trail is always clean and well maintained. They've been doing a lot of construction on the area closest to Apple & Charleston so I haven't been able to use that area as of late, but the other parts of the trail are still easily accessible and worth the trip! You'll run into a lot of dog walkers and joggers, everyone is very friendly and there are benches spaced throughout the area. All in all a wonderful trail/park.
