4	I love this place. We order take out about once a week. The garlic chicken with vegetables is very tasty as is the Mongolian beef.  Mushu pork is good. The lunch specials are a great value. The service is very personable and sweet.I have eaten in the place twice, and prefer take out - they do a lot of business via takeout, so there are people coming and going a lot, and the phone ringing all the time can be a bit much.
4	I'm with Ada G.  This is a fantastic place, mostly to get takeout or delivery from rather than eating at (the ambiance is lacking a little (but you can't have everything), but the food is always great.  Everything we've eaten here has been good and a few times we've been so lazy or (drank a little too much to drive over there), called in our order and they said they would be over in 30 to 40 minutes.  The doorbell rings 10 minutes later and we wonder who it could be.  Surely not our Chinese food.  How could they even make it that fast let alone drive it over?  But low-and-behold, it is.  Fantastic.
4	Great food at a great value. Vegetables are always fresh and perfectly cooked and the service is friendly. Eating on the restaurant doesn't have much atmosphere so we usually get takeout. Convenient location if you are in Ahwatukee.
4	You'd think it would be easier to find good Chinese take-out but it's not..  Luckily, Great Wok fits the bill.  It's not super expensive, they give you a ton of food and it's really good!  I usually get the General Tso's chicken and it's hot, covered in sauce and cooked right.  The beef and broccoli is good too.  It's a typical small Chinese food joint in a strip mall so the dining room isn't anything special.  I stick with take-out.
4	did someone call for chinese delivery? cuz tonight people, i'm staying in! let's all say it in unison now.... *GASP* yes, michelle is hanging up her friday night party dress and ordering up some chinese food. sure, i just referred to myself in the third person, but there are a lot things not exactly right in 'tukee town tonight. i'm staying in for a very special reason though. it's my little brother joey's birthday tomorrow and we're having a big celebration... and guess who's offered to make his favorite cake (homemade carrot cake with cream cheese frosting) from scratch? YES, ME! and even the frosting is being made from scratch. oh, did i mention i'm doubling the batch to make cupcakes and then also preparing my famous slow cooker pork roast for the party too? it's gonna be a busy night in the Idziorek kitchen tonight, oh yea.as you can see, cooking for myself wasn't an option tonight. since i have never ordered chinese delivery here in arizona before, i had to do some really stealthy yelpy research. come to find out there are exactly TWO places that will deliver to my 'hood. great. love the options.so first i called the other place, pei wok. the line was busy. i waited, and tried again. BUSY. well, too bad pei wok, you're the big loser tonight. the winner by default was great wok. they answered on the first ring, and the kid that answered the phone was nice. they didn't have a menu online anywhere, so he proceeded to go through their menu items with me one by one. i ended up getting the prawns in lobster sauce, the beef lo mein and some steamed rice. the food arrived within 40 minutes, it was steaming hot and it smelled great before i could even bust open the bag. the prawns were plentiful, the lobster sauce done exactly right and the lo mein nice and greasy the way a good lo mein should be. i found the food overall to be flavorful, the portions large and everything reasonably priced.see pei wok, this could've been all about you.... except you couldn't splurge with the phone company and get that extra phone line to take my call. too bad. PS: i only gave them 4 stars because it's my first time ordering with them... i'll adjust accordingly after a few more orders.
2	This is not the worst Chinese food I have had but it comes close... The potstickers are good, the hot and sour soup lacks flavor, and I have had better general tso's out of the freezer at the grocery store. I mIght have my bar set high from the east coast, but I would have to give this 2 stars...
5	Always good food and good service.  Fast delivery.  Clean.
4	Great food at a reasonable price. General Tso's chicken and crab puffs are excellent. Friendly service and very clean. Highly recommend
3	I was looking for a new Chinese spot for delivery and I heard great things about this spot... So I gave them a call and ordered Moo Shu Pork and two egg rolls plus I went with an order of Mongolian Beef. I would rate the food as followed.Moo Shu Pork - AMongolian Beef - CEgg Rolls - B + I gave the Mongolian Beef a C because I could hardly find the crispy rice noodles that made it just so full of onions and really not what I was hoping for. The Moo Shu Pork was really good... But all in all it was pretty good I may give it another try.
5	We order take out from here in our office quite a few times. Every time the food is pipping hot and delish! I love the Honey chicken it's YUMMY. I love their lunch specials and prices.
5	Great food! I love all the veggies in the food especially the fried rice! Always fast delivery and reasonable prices. This is our go to Chinese food restaurant.
5	This place is hands down one.of the best whole in the Chinese cuisine really recommend it best to eat in
5	Talk about fresh food, and great prices, this place has it all.  When I first tried it, I was a skeptic, but then I had the food and I was greatly surprised by the good taste and quality of the food.  I suggest the Tri Star Mongolian, it was to die for!   Plus, the shrimp fried rice had plenty of shrimp, and was good in size too.  I order from this place at least once a week, and I can make 3 or 4 meals from one entree.  Try it, and you will be pleasantly surprised of the value and taste.  :-)
4	A solid 4 stars for my first time in.Ordered take out (for pick up) and was very happy with my service, timeliness, and of course, taste.I have tried several places in the Ahwatukee area for Chinese and have always left disappointed. My go to place became Panda, which is never a place you want as your "go to" Chinese location...not for me anyway.Flavor was great, and i LOVED that the chicken was all white meat, and I didn't have to request it. I will bump this place to 5 stars if their hot and sour soup is just right.Stay tuned for an update at a later time.
4	Still a solid 4 stars in my book.Ordered hot and sour soup last night and it was just OK. It was very brothy, and not as dark as most hot and sour soups. I suppose when thinking of my health, this is a great thing, but it just lacked in consistancy and the flavor was a bit odd. It had a great little kick to it, which you don't often find in hot and sour soups--so good job in that regard.
4	Solid four stars. Food isn't over- breaded or too sauced up. Good spice and the folks are friendly.
5	Great kungpao vegs!
5	Four months later and I still haven't set the apartment gate up with my phone number. I am the bane of the delivery driver's existence.With that confession tossed out there, I ordered from Great Wok tonight. I came home after work, giddy with the thought of a three-day weekend ahead, and realized the only fish I had in the house was a very unappealing frozen piece of tilapia. The woes of Lent. I can't survive off of the wilted English cucumber chillin' in the veggie drawer, so I had to give in and order delivery (I have the horrible tendency of not leaving the house once I get inside and realize how comfortable the couch is. Unless something important is going on, like a hamster fashion show or Chumbawamba's reunion tour. You know. The big stuff), and it had to be either a) vegetables or b) seafood. Chinese clearly fit these categories beautifully.I did not want a repeat of my last Chinese order, so I reexamined Yelp and found Great Wok again. Score. Called them. ...No answer. Determined to have some delicious Diocese-approved dinner (alliteration FTW), I made the fat kid in me chill out and called them again 5 minutes later, spoke to a very nice young guy, and ordered crab puffs, fried tofu with vegetables, and shrimp with vegetables. I hung up and realized I ordered enough for a small army (damn delivery minimums), and as a newly single lady that meant a lot of leftovers.The time estimate I was given was 45 minutes, and the food showed up within half an hour AND the delivery guy did not call freaking out about my gate being closed. (Yesss...I don't have to feel like an asshole.) Gentleman shows up at my door and hands me my food, and I sign the receipt thinking "This better be worth $26effing94..."Oh, it was. Shrimp that looked (AND TASTED!) like shrimp and not something my ten pound dog craps out on a walk. Crisp vegetables. Flavorful sauce and not pools of grease. Crispy crab puffs. I would have taken a picture to show the deliciousness of it all, but I began inhaling it too fast to even think about it. I have died and gone to Chinese delivery heaven, y'all. You will not regret ordering from this place...!
4	Lived in the area all these years and finally tried this place based on the Yelp reviews. Food was very good, fresh vegetables as everyone points out.  Take out was ready on time, friendly wait staff and will definitely go back again.  House fried rice was very good and had REAL life-sized shrimp, not rock shrimp.  Hot/sour soup was very good.
5	Fast delivery,  and tasty food!  Love this place
5	I had all but given up on finding a great Chinese restaurant in Ahwatukee, but...  I am very pleasantly surprised. Really enjoyed eating Chinese food with chicken that was all white meat & zero mystery meat. They will cook to order off menu items, which is awesome. Fast delivery.
3	All I can say is that it was okay.  Out of the many things I tried, I think the moo shu is my favorite thing on the menu.  Everything else I tried was just decent.  Coming from San Francisco and having had access to Chinatown on a daily basis, I may be a bit biased.
5	We recently moved to the area and were looking for a good Chinese restaurant. We found it at Great Wok! The food is so fresh and always good. We have had it 10+ times, always take out or delivery, and haven't been disappointed once. Delivery is fast and everyone is friendly. The wontons and crab puffs are always crispy and flavorful, we love the Sesame chicken and often get two so we have ample leftovers (it heats up perfectly). My favorite is the beef with broccoli. The beef is so tender, never a bad piece. The broccoli is green (not gray like some places) and even when reheated, it tastes delicious. Great Wok is definitely great and we are lucky to be a mile away.
3	It was ok. Not awful, not great.
5	The best Chinese I've had in my three years here in AZ. From the egg rolls to the shrimp fried rice, even my beef and broccoli was awesome. Will be back!!
4	This place have got alot of great reviews, and I can see why. It is not exactly what I look for in my new chinese place, but it is good food and I like the cleanliness of the place. I had the Honey Chicken, Orange Chicken and the Curry Chicken - and they all were good. Very basic chinese food but that is usually what the cravings are for. I should've tried something more elaborate, and I will next time.. because there will be a next time for sure.
4	My wife and I decided on this little hole in the wall based on yelp reviews and we were not dissapointed. The food was great and the prices were very reasonable. The only downside was that it felt short staffed so service was a bit slow but we will definately return.
1	Had the Shrimp Fried Rice and Mongolian beef. No flavor, the flavor extractor was used.  Big disappointment.
5	My husband and I found Great Wok a few weeks ago while searching Yelp for Chinese food. Wow! The place is small, but the food is amazing and the price is right. It was a Friday evening and they must have been short staffed. While the service was friendly, it was slow. My orange chicken was the perfect balance of sweet and spicy. My husband ordered the Mongolian beef which was pretty tasty, even though it isn't on my list of top choices. My husband enjoyed it very much. :-) The dumplings were perfect and the wontons weren't at all greasy (as they can sometimes be). We'll be back!
4	I can see why this place has good ratings. The Kung Pao Chicken and Shrimp was delicious. It had just the right amount of spice and my father, who is a harsh food critic, enjoyed it very much. The egg rolls were crispy on the outside and not at all soggy on the inside. The fried rice was very well made and not at all greasy. Actually, none of the food was greasy at all. We also ordered the Vegetable Lo Mein and Moo Shu Pork. Both were good but not amazing. Overall, this is a pretty good place for your classic Chinese food and is very convenient for people in Ahwatukee.
5	The other Yelp reviews didn't lie. We ordered delivery and it arrived within 20 MINUTES!!! The food was hot, fresh, not greasy, probably the best crab puffs I've ever had. We also ordered the Happy Family, Orange Chicken and House Lo Mein with fried rice. All were incredible. House-made hot mustard tops it off. So happy to have discovered my new favorite Chinese delivery place!
5	When I get a chance to eat here the food is always great. The egg drop soup is very good. The general Tao chicken is awesome too. The sauce they use is great and chicken has nice crust on it.
4	Great Wok was delicious!! The staff was friendly. I will return.
5	First time at great wok. The service was awesome we had our order taken and had it out within 15 minutes. Food is delicious I have no complaints!
3	Ate here on this past Thursday nite. I had spicy shrimp and an order of mix veggies. They have brown rice which gives them an automatic plus. The spicy shrimp was really good. They use whole dry red chilli peppers, which I like, I only wish they added more of them. The waittress said next time for me to just ask and they will add more. I had asked for black mushrooms in my mixed veggies and she said that she could add them on. But when I got the mixed vegies their was no black mushrooms. But the veg dish was very tastey and not over cooked. We wanted more brown rice and the waittress told us they were all out of it. So we had to settle for white rice. The bill for 3 of us was $56.00. I would definetly come back good food and very friendly customer service.They don't use MSG. +++
5	I'm normally not a 5 star giver however I am very impressed and might I add full from this place. I had the food delivered after searching Yelp for chinese delivery. The food arrived faster than a pizza and it was HOT! I had the orange chicken and shrimp and asked for it not to be spicy and it wasn't. My son is a picky eater like lo mien but not the veggies and they hooked him up with chicken lo mien only. So we are sold!The online menu on Yelp is out dated and prices are a few dollars more.
5	Ugggghhhh.... this place is so good! I'm always scared when ordering from a new place. I ordered from here when I was staying at a client's house, because they were in the delivery area. Was not disappointed. Their honey chicken is amazing. I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes. I still eat here, but I live in Tempe so I'm out of the delivery area. I only get it when I feel like driving all the way to pick it up. Worth it though. So delicious.
5	I'm not going to go into detail here as it seems everyone else has already done so but I just want to say that this is probably the 10th time we've eaten here and it's great. I've never had Chinese food delivered that is consistently hot, fresh and as flavorful as Great Wok.
4	Great service. Excellent food. Flavorful. Will be back. Probably won't go to Panda any longer.
4	I have been coming here for a long time as we discovered this hole in the "wall" that does a good job with the local Chinese delicacies like potstickers, lettuce wrap. They also have a good choice of typical American Chinese choices made a la china style like shrimp with vegetables, black pepper beef,etc. prices have climbed up a bit but still ok for your value. Jane is the main lady and she and her husband do a good job with the clientele. Come any time. Xue xie!
5	The reviews on this place are spot on! Called for delivery, food was delivered fast, hot, and delicious! We ordered the orange chicken, Mongolian beef, and the crab puffs. Everything was amazing, but the crab puffs...oh my!! :)
5	Food was the best I've ever had delivered. Amazing. Tri star Mongolian is my favorite.
5	I have been eating here regularly for several years.  This is my favorite place to get great Chinese food.  I have never had bad service.  My order is always freshly prepared and perfectly cooked.  I love Great Wok!
4	Loved this place, the experience is far beyond what you'd normally expect from a strip mall Chinese food restaurant. The service was prompt & friendly, the food was delicious, and the price was very reasonable. During the course of the meal I also found out that they deliver to the local area, sign me up!
4	Went to the Great Wok for lunch the other day and it was well worth the money. I ordered orange chicken off their lunch special menu. It was very good. It wasn't your typical sweet orange chicken. It had a little spice to it and you could actually see the red chili flakes in the sauce. The lunch special also included soup and a side of fried rice. The service was fast and the waitress was nice. She was also quick to refill our drinks which is a plus!
5	Great fresh fast delivery! I've ordered in twice, and both times I've not been disappointed. The minimum delivery order is $15.00. This is perfect for a two person, maybe even three person meal! I typically order enough for delivery, and then put the rest in the fridge. This is not the last time I'll be ordering from this place.
4	I tried this place for the first time today and I loved the food. It was a great deal for the lunch special and you get soup with it. I ordered the Cashew Chicken with Hot and Sour Soup and it by far was the best chinese food i have had for a while. I will go back again.
5	DELICIOUS!  Everything we've tried has been the BEST!  Worth the drive
4	I stuck in bed and needed food other than pizza so I Yelped delivery food and it gave me this place. Very happy. I ordered pot stickers, chicken fried rice, and orange chicken. From best to worst in that order. Orange chicken wasn't bad just the other two were much better. I'd definitely use these guys again!
4	Solid American style Chinese food. Cooked fresh with good ingredients. Small place that's just s hole in the wall but it's worth checking out.Only been once so far so will update this review after trying It more times down the road.
5	I have to give this place five stars because not only is the food good, but the service is awesome. Some times I don't get the chance to have a hole hour for lunch. On the days that I'm in a hurry I know I can sit down, relax, and enjoy a good meal. After the first 3 or 4 visits, I would come in and they would just ask me if I wanted the Orange Chicken. Now I have to tell them to give me a menu just so I can mix it up a bit. Good food....Fast service....great prices...Great Customer Service....! Good job guys.
5	Great Chinese Food...I live in Maricopa I traveled quite a ways to find this gem! Keep up the good work
3	I would so love to give this place 1 star because it took over two hours to get our delivery last night (and I live 4 minutes away), but alas the food was so yummy I can't! We ordered the pot stickers and lettuce wraps, both far above average. The little one got orange chicken and this little foody was happy! We also got fried tofu with veggies, extra spicy and it was good...could have used more spice in my book. The general tsos chicken was also above average. Overall, I'm not big into Chinese food, but I could get into this place...but I will pick up next time. PS despite what happened with the delivery, the service was friendly and we were promised a free entree next time due to the hassle.
5	This place has good food and great portions. I normally have to order 2 orders of potstickers elsewhere to fill up. Here one order is plenty. They don't skimp one the eggs in the egg fried rice. Many other places do. The food is good and fresh. It is reasonably priced especially for the quantity of food you are getting. My husband told me to try this place and I am not disappointed. This is or new favorite authentic Chinese food restaurant. They deliver too! The delivery guy was nice and accommodating as I had a toddler on my hip. This place is great! Thank you for wonderful food and service!
4	Been here once during my lunch break. The host was friendly and the food was a good size portion and quite flavorful.
5	This place was delicious. Typical family style Chinese place where you order three or four things and share everything. We had orange chicken, fried rice, and cashew chicken, all of which were fantastic. We also had wonton soup and potstickers. The potstickers were perfectly cooked for my liking (tender with a crispy side) and the wonton soup was full of good stuff, rather than a bunch of broth with a few pieces of chicken. The staff was helpful and quick, despite being busy. (We went on New Years Eve so there was a lot of takeout orders).They seemed to have an efficient process for the takeout line, but we really enjoyed eating in because they brought things out right when they were ready. They were staggered in timing which was nice.All in all, it was a fantastic experience. They deserve the 5 stars.
1	I don't know who is writing these reviews; I religiously use yelp, and this time I was very misled! I'm giving the 1 star for fast delivery but the food was some of the worst Chinese I've ever had! Mushy, flavorless and left my whole family feeling very ill! Even the spring rolls (which i thought impossible to screw up) were terrible! The fortune cookies were good, they were the tastiest part of the dinner! Gross, don't waste your money!
5	Food was really good and I love that they delivered :)
4	Excellent first experience. Ordered "Tri-Star Mongolian". Delivered very fast and hot. Delicious. Would order again.
