1	Don't let the Triple A approved sign fool you!  This place has no ethics or morals are bound you take advantage of you!I was in a accident and had triple A refer me over.  I left my vehicle there but decided to go with another autobody shop.  When I called them they avoided my calls and finally reached me later saying that they had already fixed part of my car.  I knew they were lying because nothing happens the same day and when I got down there they had completely lied then held my car for ransom.  I ended up having to pay almost $600 to get them to release the vehicle.  Zachary Holm's was upset I had chosen a different body shop.  They not only flat out lied, they took my bumper which is my property.  If you want a distrustful, lying auto body shop, then look no further.  It's sad that people like this will prey on people like myself who just had an accident.  I will do whatever it takes to educate the public on scam artists like this! I hope no one else has to pay the consequences like I did.
5	This place is awesome. They explained everything to me, even if I decided to go with another shop. I went with them. The price was spot on and the were efficient. The work was done in the time they said and they even detailed my car. I'll be back.
5	Precision Auto Body was awesome! My daughter got into an accident and we had her car towed there. They kept us informed every step of the way, dealt with the insurance adjustor and her car was even ready a day early! It was delivered to her in perfect condition. looking and smelling like new!Thank you Precision Auto Body for making this difficult situation a smooth one for us!
5	If you're looking for a shop to have someone take a look at a vehicle, you should strongly consider taking your vehicle to Precision Auto Body. I had a large dent on the side of my truck and I took my vehicle to several places to have them look at it. Every other shop I went to wanted me to replace parts of my truck's body and wanted me to spend over $2000 in parts, but I don't want to file an insurance claim.I told Precision Auto Body that I really didn't want anyone to spend more than a half hour working on it. Zach told me what result to expect, and I was relieved to have found a body shop willing to work with me on my huge dent. The results exceeded my expectations and the price was very reasonable. Thanks guys.EDIT: Also, I'd just like to point something out to anyone reading this. There is a negative review below by Ms. B that contains, "I knew they were lying because nothing happens the same day...". A statement like this is a clear red flag that the poster is not being reasonable/sensible.Cheers,Chris
