3	With Rite Aid no longer part of the Vegas Valley, Walgreen's and CVS are now pretty much the only 2 major drug store chains present. CVS, like Walgreen's, has a ton of stores around the valley. However, if you consider this competitors to be at battle, Walgreens, not CVS, wins that battle.Don't get me wrong, CVS is a terrific pharmacy/drugstore chain. Like Walgreen's, they carry a little bit of everything. However, compared to that other chain, their stores are generally set up in a more confusing manner and they have less of a selection of all kinds of inventory on hand. They will probably have what you're looking for, but I like to be able to have a one-stop shop for everything. CVS doesn't quite fit the bill. I have never received truly exceptional service from either drug store chain, however as a general rule Walgreen's tends to have better employees. During one visit to a CVS (not this particular location), I accidentally hit the wrong button during a debit transaction, and after unsuccessfully scanning the card (even though I had done everything right), the clerk just rudely said "slide it!" Doubt I'll go back to THAT particular store again.As a whole CVS is good, but it's a classic example of "anything you can do, I can do better", with Walgreen's being the one speaking that classic phrase. So unless I'm super-close to a CVS and have a relatively simple need, I'll be going to Walgreen's instead.
4	My family picks up all their prescriptions from this location and it never takes long, I'm talking 2 mins. maximum. The employees are friendly, it's usually very quiet inside (given it's remote location), and there's a drive thru pharmacy option for times when you're feeling lazy.
3	I needed to kill time while waiting for my car wax. Got some assorted sundries. Clean, nice staff
1	This location sucks. Always HUGE lines and no help. I have had soo many $5 CVS bucks expire because they are either out of stock on what I need or I end up putting my merchandise down and walking out because the line is crazy. This store needs new management! Someone needs to get off their ass!!!!
4	I've been to this CVS pharmacy a couple of times now.  Each time, the service has been quick and friendly.  I drop off my prescription and it's ready within 10 or 15 minutes.  The pharmacy is one of those places in life where you just don't want a hassle... and there's definitely been none of that here.
3	i have been to this pharmacy several times and am okay with the service. nothing exceptional, nothing awful. seems like the employees are overworked and underpaid. I have heard some of the interactions with customers and they sure do take a lot of grief. I would go back again
2	3 hours to fill birth control..... Really?!? It's in a box, all ready to go.... There's no pills to count.. Just put it in the bag :l uggghhhhhhhhhhh.I walked into the store to see ONE cashier, and a line of 6 people....No thanks.I went and waited in the drive thru, and was the third car in line... There has to be a better system than this.10/18Went to this MinuteClinic on Sunday, 10/13. The nurse who helped me was very sweet and eager to answer my questions and help me. She swabbed my throat, because she saw evidence that could be strep throat.Today, minuteclinic leaves me a voicemail saying that they couldn't process my swab samples because the test/sample wasn't marked properly..... So nothing could be done with it. Not awesome.
3	The store itself is not too bad. They carry health and beauty and over the counter medications you need. I always find the cutest Ty Beanie Hello Kittys here.  My xtreme couponer friends go crazy since they have good deals. Getting help here is bizarre though. Like in the twilight zone bizarre. The couple times Ive come here to buy random things the cashier is just standing there staring off into space. I stand there a few seconds as well waiting for the first movement then have to ask "are you open?/"  Happens every time I've gone here. It's quite comical.  If you don't have your CVS card, which usually is the case with me since I hardly ever go here, they'll look it up and  punch in your phone number right? Well not this one particular cashier.  I swear, anytime this person is at the register he shrugs his shoulders. like "oh well"...lol...so Im SOL on whatever discount Im missing out on. Oh well!
5	Has everything I need.  Great pharmacy.  Always helpful with all questions.
2	My Family and I are regulars at The CVS on Horizon Ridge and Horizon Drive. We have used them since they opened about 10 years. They are the only pharmacy up in this area except the pharmacy in the grocery store Von's. I have many medical problem, Rheumatoid Arthritis and Diabetes are the worse . I take lots of medication and I fill them all at CVS. My son has asthma, both the daughters get their birth control and my husband suffers from back problems due to scoliosis. All the people who work in the pharmacy are so rude. They could care less about you and your prescription or your problem. Except for a couple nice people.. My Favorite Kelsey just left, and I understand why..The drive thru is a joke.. With this many people they should have 2 people working the drive thru. They do already have 2 lanes. One lane is for drop off. Use both lanes and 2 people.. The line is always 5+ cars deep and it takes forever.. I've had 3 surgery in the last 3 years due to RA.. Because I get a pain medication  filled they could care less about me. Every month I wonder will it be filled or will there be a problem.. Every month it's something. We don't have it or we don't know when we are gonna get it... I was told if I bring my prescription  there monthly there will be no problem filling it.. Not true.. There is always a problem.. If it's My Blood Pressure Meds, they fill that immediately  and then call my house phone and  cell phone several times a day to tell me it's ready for pick up. I've called the Corporate office to complain several times. They do say Sorry,  but because I get a pain med filled the won't talk to me. And nobody will call back..Why.. ???I'm Sick... These people are terrible.. And CVS is the only pharmacy I can use cause most of my RX have to be 90 days cause it's a maintenance drug and I will be on them forever ...All the money I pay to this location per month. I should get some respect.. The people in the Store are Great.. Friendly,  helpful and just plain nice.  I'm  there so much they know me by my name.. I've used minute clinic before. It was Great.. My Dr told me yesterday there is a Pharmacist there that doesn't like him. So he won't fill any of his prescription signed by him. I am done,  I will use a different location and drive a little farther.. And be sure that I have shared this info with my friends and family. I hope they can switch to a different location.. Angry
2	If CVS wants us to follow their rules shouldn't they do the same. 2 months in a row I've dropped off my 2 narcotic RX. When I dropped it off I said I would pick it up at noon cause it was New Year Eve. I got off early a wanted to make one trip so I didn't have to leave again. I called CVS at about 2pm to make sure my RX was filled cause I was leaving work. Two hours after the time they told me it would be ready.I talked to Lisa she was very rude and just plan ignored what I was saying. And then just hung up on me. I was shocked..I decided to go inside  rather than complain through the drive through. I explained to the nice lady and she did listen with a smile. I understand if you stick to you rules but you don't have to be jerks and rude about it .She listed to an earful. My mistake that I can't remember her name. Sorry..She said I should speak to the pharmacy manager. I did not that day cause there were so many people waiting. And I did finally get all my meds. They had two other prescriptions that I didn't even ask for already ready. My Drs office called some of my prescriptions in and gave me written.  I'm over it. Any Future Prescriptions I will go to a different location You should teach your employees customer service. If it wasn't for customers you people would be out of job.. The month before was the same problem went to pick up and all was filled but the narcotics. I asked why? The girl said we can fill it now,  but somebody put them ion hold. For no reason. But she said if I came in they would have it ready right away. Last week your recording called me every day the house and my cell phone after I told you twice.. I would come this weekend. Look in my file see all the money I give you per month. Why? To be verbally abused and talked down to by all the pharmacy staff at cvs.
