5	FIRST!  Hot damn this place is GREAT!!  This place defines the term "hole in the wall Mexican".  It's across the street from a thrift store, and literally sits on the street in front of a trailer park.  Their breakfast is amazing and out of this world!  For $4-$6 you can get a DELICIOUS Mexican breakfast.  The service is friendly, food is the bomb, and price is cheap.  You will not be disappointed with this place, unless yore a total retard douche.
5	My favorite Mexican restaurant in the whole state of Arizona thus far. Fernando (the owner), knows exactly what I want when I come in and wastes no time in preparing my meal. I recommend the fried steak, or the pork ribs in tomatillo sauce. This place has THE BEST hortchata I have ever tried in my life (they also sell it to you by the gallon to take home). DOO ITT!
5	I live about 3 minutes from Adrian's, and finally gave it a try today! I got a Machaca Burrito, and it was super great!  The place looks like a total dumpster fire from the outside, but inside, while super aged, and worn out, is clean, and cute.  I did try the Horchata, which was nothing special, but the burrito was incredible, and I can't wait to head back, and try other stuff :)
5	The green chili burrito was sooo good.  This is real mexican food!
5	Cheap,friendly,clean and awsome food. Carne asada burrito was awsome. The beans had por kfat in them. Just like mom use to make.
5	Had the special breakfast burrito and horchata. Burrito was great and the horchata was some of the best I've had.
5	Took one bite of my breakfast burrito and knew I would be back. Best horchata I've had around here. Great prices!
4	Delicious and cheap. Rice was the exception - kind of bland - but the chicken burrito I had was awesome as were the beans.  I would stop here again.
4	Such a nice guy who owns the place. Delicious breakfast burrito. I plan on making this my new go-to spot for Mexican food cravings.
5	Yummy food and good service. Super yummy breakfast burritos!!Typical hole in the wall Mexican place. The food is so yummy; don't judge a book by its cover!
5	This place is awesome. Found it in a serendipitous accident (because taco bell closed down) Been a loyal customer for almost a year now. You can come in, spend any amount of money and enjoy something amazing. Owner Fernando is very friendly. Try their green chili and goat birria!Support true small businesses!
5	Great food!  Their chicken flautas are the best.  They have really tasty beans, unlike most places.  Their tortillas are good too.  I've also tried their mole which is really good but it's a whole piece of chicken which you have to debone so it gets messy.  The chorizo and enchiladas are good too.  Actually, I've never had one bad thing here.  A definite must go.  The building and area is off putting but they're clean inside.  You park at the entry of a trailer park.  Oh, they also have weird hours and close at 5pm most days.
5	Love this place. Everyone is very friendly, the food is fabulous, and it is a quaint place.  Don't be put off by the exterior. We go for the food. Definitely worth trying
5	Small, unassuming restaurant. Best chorizo and eggs in the valley. The beans are tasty, flour tortillas are fresh and the potatoes are seasoned perfectly. The owners and their family members are the only workers. Don't expect anything fancy. Parking is a pain because of light rail construction but well worth the hassle.
5	Super friendly staff. The guy at the counter gave me a sample of the green Chile which was fantastic. The chips took a minute to come out because they were literally frying fresh tortilla chips. Fantastic food and really good personable service. Authentic dishes like birria and lengua and food to satisfy the gringo like carne asada. Go there!
5	My absolute favorite type of restaurant! Excellent food, friendly service, cheap, and NOT a chain! This little hole in the wall is just wonderful. The owner is very personable and makes his own mole. Everything we had was great.  This is a must when we are in Phx.
5	Absolutely incredible food!  The Green Chile is homemade and the reason I drove 6 miles.  Breakfast is also stupendous.  The prices are so cheap I typically tip 50% because they deserve it.  Literally hands down best mexican food I have had in Arizona. Dont judge a book by its cover.  The outside is no ritz but the ritz could learn a thing or two from the chef.
5	Finally found what I was looking for. Had my fav weekend breakfast spot in Texas, and now found it in AZ.
3	Had the special breakfast burrito, sadly it was not that great. They are super crowded in the weekends I think I will try them again for a real breakfast but not breakfast burrito.
4	Don't let the fact it's in front of a trailer park fool you, this place has some delicious Mexican food.
4	As Gabriel notes, don't let the trailer park in back fool you... It was a small restaurant with a few parking spots. I tried the barbacoa which was a first for me. "About Food" describes barbacoa as "Traditional Mexican barbacoa is completely different. It essentially steams and smokes the meat at the same time resulting in a moist and flavorful meat." Excellent choice which included beans, rice and tortillas. Complementary hot sauce (red and green) and chips was included. The red was tasty with some kick, but the green was our favorite. The waiter was the son of the owner. He was extremely helpful in describing the different items on the menu. Also, the owner stopped by our table to talk about the history of the restaurant and her love of cooking.
