5	I just had the best massage EVER. I've received many massages in the past that turned out to be bleh, but Mary at BodyTech really gets it! My job requires a computer all day long, which makes my upper body tense, but Mary loosens it up by her deep massages and knowledge of the muscles, tension, and injuries. Try BodyTech Massage, you won't be sorry!
5	Mary gives great deep tissue/sports massage in a professional setting.  She has a lot of knowledge about muscles, and often recommends stretches to do to fix muscle pain from repetitive movement.  I have been a customer of hers for many years.  I highly recommend her.The name of her business is Bodytech Sports Massage.925-314-0558
5	If this is weird, then give me more.  The best in the business.  Now i'll probably never be able to get another appointment because she will be booked solid.
5	Mary gives great deep tissue/sports massage in a professional setting.  She has a lot of knowledge about muscles, and often recommends stretches to do to fix muscle pain from repetitive movement.  I have been a customer of hers for many years.  I highly recommend her.
5	Mary is a fantastic deep tissue massage therapist.  She knows the human anatomy.I had to go to Mary twice in June, because my neck, shoulders were pretty damaged by how I cradeled the phone with my shoulder, while I would type on the computer.  You know we all do that.I had to get some healing in parallel to ordering headsets for the my phones and getting ergonomic assessments done.Mary did a great job of isolating the problem, giving me deep tissue massage.  It was painful, but it did the trick and I am 100% better and have learned stretch techniques from her to continue with the healing process.  I'll never cradel the phone again!
5	I spend hours at work leaning over my desk and can end up with a really tight neck and back.  Mary does a fantastic job of recognizing the source of discomfort and working it out.  She also gives input on how to stretch and loosen yourself up to keep from getting so knotted up and tips on how to work it out yourself when you are experiencing muscle pain.  Mary knows her stuff and she is great at what she does. I highly recommend her.
5	Massage in the heart of Danville! If you're looking for massage and near the Tri-Valley Highway 680 corridor go to Danville and get a massage from Mary. This is a MASSAGE, not a light rub! This was a excellent gift idea with great value!
5	I went in to see Mary with neck, shoulder, and back troubles.  She did a great job of not only helping me to feel better, but she also educated me on what was wrong and how to prevent it in the future.  Without a doubt, I would recommend her to all.
5	Mary has a new table and her outstanding work has gotten even better.The Stretch to Win system she has learned really works and gets at the problem areas. My aches/pains are taken care!She has a clean professional, clean environment with fun music.I have been to see many professional for my muscle aches...none have given me the results like Mary.....I highly recommend her.
5	Mary kicked my ass. She tore my body apart in a good way. This is definitely not a light rub and she lets you know. She digs deep into the muscles and tries to solve the problem. I had a huge knot in my neck which I didn't know I had and she dug deep in there and it felt a lot better. I did an hour and a half with her, and when I was done, I felt so relaxed and mellow. I went home to take a nap while chugging my water down. As a military guy, gym freak and training in MMA; my body goes through quite a beating so I try to get a massage every two months. I am coming back to see Mary again to continue my massages. I'm a firm believer in massages as they heal the body faster than medicines. Mary is pretty friendly and easy to talk to, so that's always a plus. Overall, great job Mary!!!
5	If you want a nice fluffy massage where you'll be smothered with fancy lotions & aromatherapy this is NOT the place to go. But if you are active and hard on your body and once in awhile you need a darn good painful deep tissue massage to get that soreness away, this is the place to go!! I went for the first time and had Sonia who was great! They are conveniently located in downtown Danville in a tiny little office ... Nothing fancy but adequately peaceful enough. They charge $95/hour and only take cash or check, but well worth it; will go back for sure!
