5	Never a disappointment. Best wings. Fuck BWW. Mon & Tues. 50 Cent wings. Best flavors are Original Hot and BBQ. Damn good !
4	On the wings of love!No doubt that chicken wings have been around all of us since were young and didn't know it yet. They've filled our living rooms during football season, Sunday afternoons at the in-law's house, your cousin's girlfriend's baby brother's daughter's birthday party. And most of all, they're tied for number #1 reason to lick your fingers next to BBQ ribs! I've been all over the U.S. and I have yet to find wings and service as great as Wingstop on Craig Road! I don't eat in the restaurant as often as I used because I like to watch a movie with my girlfriend so I'll make a call to place the order.  When I do eat in, they have old school R&B music playing through the speakers at night and I love Motown! I've gone here a few times by myself and spent a little QT just vibing with the ambiance.Best service! They always say "14 minutes" and they've never gotten anything wrong with my order. Sometimes though, sometimes they tend to get my name wrong but I understand my name doesn't make that task very easy.  I'll get Ahmed, Arman, and I even got Ivan. I usually give my nickname because it's easier.... failed plan! Some patrons may find that a bit annoying but personally, I find it amusing. I've turned the incorrect names I've gotten into a game. I'm planning to make a scrapbook and story of all the times and moments.  It comes with having a unique name right? :) Make sure they get your name right if you don't find that amusing though.The different flavors are what makes this place a neighborhood favorite. My personal favorites are the Lemon Pepper and Garlic Parmesan. I prefer the "flats" as oppose to the drummettes. I also order my fries extra crispy! I make sure I have bleu cheese and my order is set to go! I also like their Hot flavor.  It has a sour zing to them (probably from vinegar in the sauce) which I enjoy a bunch! All the other flavors are good as well but the aforementioned are my personal faves! Enjoy and happy eating! :)
5	I've never had the wings but I can say that the chicken strips are the best I've ever had.  I get a 3 or 5 piece (naked) with BBQ sauce on the side and ranch dressing.  The fries are very good or you can get twisters (also great).  Its a very clean restaurant and the staff is top notch.  I go there at least once a week.  They are open late (midnight?) which makes it a great way to cure those late night cravings.
5	The wings are amazing, I have been to Wingstop twice only because it is a little bit of a drive. They have several different types of wings and are military friendly. They have fifty-cent wings Mon and Tuesday, their wings can come in boneless or bone-in. They also have freshly made ice tea and a selection of coke products for beverages. It is clean and has nice seating for young, old and in between.
5	This is my second time eating at  Wing Stop and it won't be my last. These are the best wings I've ever had, espeically here in Vegas. They're nice and crispy on the outside, but not fried so long that they're dry. I have two favorites. The first are the lemon pepper; they're sauceless (unless you count the grease as sauce) but they have enough flavor you don't need any sauce or dip. My second favorite are the hot (sauced), which are barely spicy to me, but have really good flavor. The hot wings are also their signature, so of course they have to be good right?They also serve boneless wings, boneless strips, gliders, and five or six different sides. I got fries to go and that wasn't really a good idea. When I got them home they were really soggy, so I don't suggest getting them as a side if you're taking food to go...but they'd probably be excellent if you ate them there.Overall I HIGHLY recommend to anybody looking for a good place to eat wings, not only in the North Las Vegas area, but in Vegas period!
5	Absolutley LOVE their wings!! I have never had a problem with them as I did at BWW plus a military discount!! Love all the flavors!!
5	I was never a big fan of chicken wings.. I know.. I know.. blasphemous... but all of that changed when I was introduced to Wingstop...Their lemon pepper is hands down the best in thecity. Ive tried other peoples wings and theirs are usually too big to enjoy, we've all seen em.. the wings that are as big as breasts... yeah Im not a fan.. or too soft...I prefer my wings crisp.. And wingstop fulfills all my needs.. bite sized and crispy skin.. Delicious from head to toe.. I will absolutely be back.. !!
3	I get to Wingstop about once a month, as there are not many fast, casual restaurants in N Las Vegas where I feel comfortable eating alone. I usually get a 10 piece boneless wings with the garlic and tangy barbecue flavors. The boneless wings run the gauntlet from big, juicy pieces to small, gristly pieces, and you never really know what you are going to get. I like the french fries, but again, there is very little consistency in quality. I never know if I am going to leave happy or hungry. I will continue to rotate my eating out at Wingstop, as the food is good when the quality is there.
4	I like this place, but for some reason I would much rather go to BWW. I've been here twice so far... its good but didn't impress me THAT much to get 5 stars, more of a 3.5. The bone-in wings was suuuper greasy and not as "flavorful" as i expected it to be, but their boneless was a little better. I guess i'll have to go back soon and try more flavors
4	Always a treat and great service
4	Good wings.
5	This is hubby and i favorite Friday night guilty pleasure! The wings are delicious as well as the fries! Yummmmie times 1000!
5	OMFG!!! Yes its that good. if you've never had wing stop then you havent lived. YES ITS THAT SERIOUS
4	What can I say, this is wing lovers heaven.  Never have I experienced the ability to choose from such a diverse selection of chicken wing seasonings.  It is a great spot for wings. It is a bit more upscale than a typical fast food wing joint. And they have prompt service and comfortable seating area.  It is a great concept and the wings are good. I tried BBQ and the Lemon Pepper and Original.  I was a major fan of the Lemon Pepper.
4	Walked in around 12:45 pm for lunch  and was Greating a smile..( was not that Busy). I told them that i Never been to wings stop before that it was myfirst time and what would they recommened?  They offered combo with fires and drinks so I Had the Cajun Chicken Wings was very Good.....My friend Atomic -was very Hot spicy ( i could not eat that) ...:) All around was Good .... Only down Fall was they had NO garbage can anywhere...I watched a customers put there dirty tray on where we picked up our food. I dont think customers knows to leave there empty dirty tray on the table . Recommendation- put a garbage can out and you will have more clean table to seat on rather than a customer complaing to have someone clean the table. Within 10-15 minutes the place was busy, this must be a popular place ...:)
5	Gotta say these ate the best wings ever, the lemon pepper are our favorite. They seem to have raised the prices our check was a bit heavy for what we ordered, but you get what you pay for and these ate killer wings.
5	Moving from a city that you have lived in for a long time can be difficult, there is the excitement of what you may find in the city that you are moving too but there is the realization that just maybe, where you live now is as good as it gets.When I left Las Vegas for Salt Lake City I had no idea that I was gong to miss my favorite wing joint as much as I do. Hey there must be a wing joint in Salt Lake that measures up to Wing Stop right ..................... oh, no not really!!!Every time I make it back to Vegas getting over to Wing Stop to see all of my old friends and to partake in the best wings EVER is always on my to do list.Everything at Wing Stop is melt in your mouth awesome, the wings are cooked to perfection, the fries are greasy goodness, and they have the best rolls that are second only to my mom's thanksgiving day rolls.I simply cannot get enough of this place, I need a Wing Stop in Salt Lake or I need to make more trips to Las Vegas.If you stop in tell Sharon the manager that Kish says hello, she will know who you are talking about, trust me.Go to Wing Stop, enjoy the food, enjoy the great wing joint atmosphere, and thank me for the tip later.Until next time fellow Yelpers ............... Be Local, Live Local, Buy Local!!!
4	the chicken fingers swept me away! i never went to wingstop cuz i hate chicken wings, but when forced to go with an associate, I had to admit after eating those fingers, I shall return to try all flavors (except the hot ones).
1	One star for the soda machine ...We were not impressed .. Where to start ...Customer service - bad, no hello ,no welcome, no nothing .. Attitude like they didn't want to be there or wanted us there.Fries - who likes soggy over salted fries? Not any of us!Wings - we tried mild,  original hot and atomic..  They were dry, small and lacked flavor :(Maybe it was on off nigh, but since its not worth the price, we are not coming back .. Should of gone to BWW is what all three of us said.
5	Wings are excellent! The fries are sweet and salty awesome flavor (when it's hot). This is a regular spot for us on a Friday night when we do not want to buy pizza.
5	Super good! Best boneless wings in town. Freshly made and tasty flavor.
2	We've been coming here for the last couple years. Everything's always been good except one day my sliders were undercooked and I would've went back to complain but was too lazy. Since then we have went back and everything has been a'okay.By the way, they don't serve sliders anymore and have new chicken strips that are great and cheaper than anything else on the menu!!
3	Lately, our family has been on a wing kick.  I have no reason why, we just all of a sudden over the last two months have been craving chicken wings.  There are a number of restaurants here in Las Vegas to satisfy that craving.  Seems like nearly every chain includes them on the menu in some appetizer form.  But what if there was a restaurant out there that ONLY served wings?  Ingenious!  There's a few out there, but our first try was Wingstop.We actually have two locations within our neck of the woods, but one Wingstop location is located in the Santa Fe Hotel & Casino.  Went to this one over on Craig after hearing they had the ubiquitous choose-your-own-flavor-combination Coca-Cola Freestyle machine!  Selling Coke products in itself is reward for me!  I could sit there for hours thinking what to drink next.  I need one of these things in my house.  Along with some insulin.Entering the restaurant is nice enough, lots of green, white, gray, and I like the dark wood.  Definitely gives off a sports bar vibe.  And sure enough, multiple flat screen TV's spread throughout the dining area all showing some sort of sport.  Sweet!  Eat some wings, watch some football!  Darnit, why Wingstop don't you serve up some beers!  Would be perfect!Wingstop offers three main kinds of chicken:  classic wings, boneless wings, and boneless strips.  Boneless wings and boneless strips look almost the same, except that boneless wings are shaped more like wings (duh).  All get the same treatment though, a ride through the flavor train of one of Wingstop's 10 different sauces!  Toot toot!  You have as your choices (from mild to hot):-Teriyaki-Hawaiian-Garlic Parmesan-Lemon Pepper-Hickory Smoked BBQ-Mild-Louisiana Rub-Original Hot-Cajun-AtomicWe haven't tried them all yet, but so far our faves are the Louisiana Rub, Lemon Pepper, and the Original Hot.  Finger lickin' good!  I know there are some reviews with complaints about their wings not done properly, and of course this can happen.  Lucky for us, our wings were cooked just right - moist and juicy on the inside, slightly crunchy skin of the outside!  No pink in the middle for us.  We tried the classic wings and the boneless strips.  I must say, even though the strips are a bit meatier, I prefer the joy of eating a classic wing.  They originated in Buffalo for Christ's sake....they are called BUFFALO WINGS!  Yeah I just stick with the classic.  But I'm sure kids out there might rather have boneless wings or strips.Not only do you get your chicken dragged through sauce, but you can also opt for a dip.  Your choice of either a container of Ranch or Bleu Cheese, Honey Mustard, or Hot Aged Cheddar Cheese.  Original Hot wings with a dip of Bleu Cheese?  I'm set.Wingstop offers a variety of combo meals to fit your needs.  You have individual combo meals, meals for two, and even family packs.  If it's just the wifey and I we go with the 15 piece wing combo meal for two.  If it's us with the kiddies we opt for one of the smaller family packs.  Good thing about these is that we can choose wings, boneless wings, or strips, or a combination of all three.  Everyone can be happy.Wingstop also has a number of sides to choose from:-Seasoned Fries-Veggie Sticks (carrot and celery)-Bourbon Baked Beans-Cheese Fries-Yeast Rolls -Coleslaw-Potato SaladI like the seasoned fries and the veggie sticks.  Here's a tip though - ask for them to cook the fries longer!  Sometimes they pull them out a bit early and you end up with soggy fries.  Disaster!  I tend to like mine more on the overdone side.Prices are ok, about what you think it would cost for chicken and fries.  In the range of about $8-$9 for an individual combo meal.  You get a bit better deal on the combo meals though instead of a la carte.  Reason I had to knock down Wingstop a star is because the service is hit-or-miss.  One person helping you may be great, but the person next to them might be downright dreary.  Hey chica, if you don't want to work there...leave!  Massive unemployment and mouths to feed means someone will gladly take your spot right away.  Just sayin'.Wingstop.  Stop...for wings!
4	chicken lovers just love wingstop! you just can't stop the loveee!! AMBIANCE: 5 - they have actually expanded to include more seats and flat screens to the left of the register! most people like to sit in and eat because they're eager and hungry!!! SERVICE: 5 - fast and efficient! they are accurate and really good at getting orders done. we do takeout all the time, and sometimes they are a few min late, but it's not a big deal! FOOD: 5 - I've eaten so much chicken that i think I've grown wings..I recommend garlic parm and Louisiana rub with ranch! no other flavors need recognition :) but I give this a 4 because I feel like their fries are really lacking something in quality. they should pass out dinner rolls instead lol.
4	I love Wing Stop!  I was excited to see one so close to our new home in Vegas...SLC doesn't have one.We tried it out on a Saturday night...so it was hopping.  Their flavors are awesome and the dipping sauces are oh emm goodness!  The ranch is my fav, but the blue cheese is great too!We tried the boneless this time and I have to say they were a little dry.  Wish there had been more sauce.  Especially on the garlic Parmesan!  There was plenty of Parmesan but hardly any garlic sauce.We will be back though....I dream of their fries and seasoning!  You know you can ask for extra seasoning on the side, right??!!
2	Called in our order at 12:35 for pick up. They told us it'll be ready in 18 minutes. We arrived at 1:08 & paid for the food. We waited and waited and still no food. We never really had an issue with Wing Stop before. Usually when we call in our order, we arrive & everything is ready to go. At 1:24 we asked why we don't have our food yet & it's been almost an hour since it was called in. The lady went in the back and got our food order. Apparently it was sitting there the whole time. WOW. No apologies or anything. Didn't give them 1 star because the food never disappoints. Wish I could say the same for the staff today.
1	Food was great but the cashiers really need some training in customer service. We had ordered online and was accidentally sent to the store on Nellis and the cashier told us where it was and acted like we should waste our time and drive over there we pretty much had to ask her to help us. She was very short and unfriendly with us. Definitely not a person that should be working face to face with the public
4	The wings served here are excellent. They don't have an incredibly large sauce selection, but the quality of the chicken is much better than other wing places. That said, it can be a bit expensive! They have a really fun soda machine, and that's definitely a plus. (I will be a return customer anywhere I can get peach soda for sure.)They are usually very busy, though. Almost every time I call I have a hard time getting through. I have to call multiple times for someone to pick up, and when someone does, I immediately get put on hold.
1	I don't care how good the food is, the service at this location is horrendous and it's not even worth it. I've lived in the area for many years and have frequented this location more than once. If this review was  a few years ago I would have gladly give them more stars but there is no way they deserve one! We were in the area and wanted wings, so I decided I'd call ahead to place the order. The phone was busy for awhile and when I finally got through to someone she put me on hold and continued to do so over and over; they never did make it back to the phone to take my order, I sat on hold until I was about a block away when I finally hung up. We went in to the place the order, which took them a minute because they spent time looking at one another, walked away like we were invisible and then finally someone decided to take our order. They acted like they were beyond bothered they even had to work and not only was is it not that busy, they were just putting people on hold to avoid placing their order (BTW if you were a caller on Tuesday evening on 05/20 and someone kept answering and just putting you on hold, no it was not busy and yes the dipshits were doing it on purpose) My husband decided to stay with our food because like the reviewer two posts down, who put in their order and it was just sitting and no one told them, was the same experience we had on our last visit and no they did not apologize to us either.  This is our 3rd bad service and last time we will order from this location (unless there is a total turnaround). The customer service or lack there of is ridiculous! Their wings can be good all day long, but I am not about to pay  for food if their employees act the way they do and deliver the service that they do. If CS is meaningless to you, then you can gladly consider them 3 to 4 stars.... but it depends on how cold your food is from the lack of consideration they have for customers.
1	They are wayyyy overpriced for a regular 6 piece chiv ken wings and fries rather go to wingstop and get triple the amount for the price we pay here.    Plus their wings are really greasy . And French fries are soggy . No Bueno
4	Lets just say I'm leaving here 100% satisfied and stuffed. We ordered some Lemon Pepper, Garlic Parmesan, and Mild wings. DELICIOUS! Also don't forget those fries and even the blue cheese is above par. There is a soda machine with over 100 drink choices, the future is here. Took about 20 minutes to get the food which is good considering the place was busy. Till next time Wing Stop.
