4	The chili sauce has a little bit of a sweet hint to it.  I would prefer it to be a bit spicier, but all in all the foot longs are pretty good.  I got mine with ketchup,mustard,chili and cheese.  All "sandwiches" as they call them are $2.75 Meatball,footlongs (hotdogs),sausages.  Its 50 cents extra each for chili and for cheese.  Wish they had french fries too :(  They do have a space to eat in there, but I got mine to go.  I believe they are cash and carry only...no debit or credit cards.
4	Hardy old school sandwiches.If you have a serious no-nonsense hunger, this is the place for lunch. Meatball subs, hot sausage, kielbasa and hot dogs for like $2.75.Greasy and delicious.
5	Probably the best thing I ate in Pittsburgh was a sausage sandwich from here. It was so simple and a touch spicy, just perfect. This was the real food I imagined when I planned my trip here. The staff was delightful and excited about their food. It's a total shithole, but in a beautiful way. I love Frankies.
4	This is definitely a hot dog joint that's been around for a while and has resisted change it's entire life. Frankie's is a hot dog joint and that's all you're going to get. The hot dogs? They're okay but they're cheap. What you mostly go to Frankie's for is the conversation and the fact that a little hot dog joint sells some pretty cheap beer. You can chill out with some guys you know've been going to Frankie's their whole life and talk about whatever's on your mind. I fancy the T-shirts they sell and want to get one some day.
5	You really cant beat frankies for fast cheap food.you can smell them cooking atleast 2 blocks away . a staple of butler street in my opinion. hot dogs ,sauage, meatball what ever you get its good. its a dive of a place... bar on one side food on the other with a small back room to eat 'and where the hell else in pittsburgh are you going to find pineapple pop?!?
2	I'd like to be clear regarding the fact that this is a review of a hot dog based fast food restaurant, so take it with a grain of sodium, an acceptable level of animal feces, hair, and dermis, and whatever managed to stick to the pig as they were plunging it screaming into the merciless teeth of a meat grinder.  Hot dogs taste good to us for some reason.  It defies logic.  I've pondered the nature of hot dogs in western cuisine, and have found that it's the same as gazing into Nietzche's abyss.  The hot dog will gaze back at you.These hot dogs, like so many before them taste exactly like hot dogs.  There will be no surprises there.  But somehow the communication pipeline broke down when my group ordered more than one hot dog to split between the three of us.  I enjoy a little bit of sass with my hot dogs, but I would still like to have my two hot dogs please.  Somehow, even though I wanted ketchup and mustard, I had to keep saying it until it became a mantra.  So, the service was a little rough, but I really wasn't expecting the white gloves.Nor was I expecting the intense battle that was raged between the spirit of that brave pig, and my body.  Ghost pig eventually won his battle with my dignity.  I'll spare you the details.  Long story short, I feel like maybe this place needs to have some health related upgrades.So in short, Frankie's is good for hot dogs, but possibly bad for your insides.
5	Darren  Hit The Nail on the head ! This Place REALLY ROCKS !  Everyone looks like they  enjoy their Jobs here ...  Myself and Eleven co-workers stopped this afternoon and ordered 12 Hot Sausages.We were in and out in less than 10 Min.TOPPS,,,, DAMN They were good !we might make this our NEW Thursday Lunch spot!**** SUPER*** Fast and  very reasonable prices. I will be trying the Meatball & Foot Long Hot Dog on my next trip !You really sould try this place if you like food that will kill you. ( Like I Do ! )
4	This place never disappoints, it's dirty grungy and tasty. All sandwiches are $3.50. I love the hot sausage, got it today but they also had stuffed peppers today for $1 that was also really good. If u want comfort food cheap in a family owned establishment this is the place.  Would so a dinner here but great for lunch.
4	This place was awesome, cranky old man bar definitely. The staff was friendly and to the point. If you want a cocktail and talk to your fiends, go to franktuary, if you want to eat a good hotdog and drink a cheap beer, come here. Only downside is the hours, I could totally see myself eating a hotdog of shame here at 1 AM
5	Best service and food I've ever experienced from a "dive bar". I ordered a hot sausage sandwich to go before I was late for a hair appointment next door and was disappointed to find out they only accepted cash. I never carry cash on me but the server gave me the sandwich for free! And it was absolutely delicious! I'll be back....with cash!
4	Nothing fancy, but damn. Get me a footlong with kraut and I'm good to go. This restaurant is not for the food snob, or for someone looking for any kind of dining atmosphere. The menu is a little sparse. Realest hot dog joint in town.
3	I was so looking forward to this d fashion place , but was kind of disappointed. Footling bun was dry and cold. I thought  it would be grilled. The dinning room felt like a tomb. Dirty walls, ceiling caving in etc.  I was also expecting a nice sweet cup of fountain coke in a waxed cup, but was given a can of coke instead . I said "no thanks" and got water instead . The owner is no longer on premises, maybe that's the reason.
