5	This is the best paint store ever.  Not only is the paint superior to any out there, but the employees make paint shopping here a painless and wonderful experience.  Everyone is knowledgeable and super pleasant.  I will never buy paint anywhere else!
5	I received great help from Kevin when trying to pick out a paint and paint tools for completing a built in. I knew from online research that Sherwin-Williams paint was a better quality than the stuff at our big box home improvement stores, but was pretty confused on exactly what kind of paint and what kind of sprayer I needed. There don't seem to be any Benjamin Moore stores around Phoenix. Ace Hardware was a little help but not as much as Sherwin-Williams. I must have gone in 5 different times, with different questions and changed directions on what I wanted to do, and each time Kevin was patient & helpful. Highly recommend this store for the DIY-ers who need help! There also were a lot of contractors who were in the store buying paint, which must be a good indication of their paint use.
1	Just went in to the Sherwin Williams on Mcdowell Rd in Scottsdale AZ and have NEVER BEEN TREATED SO RUDELY....I have done business at that location for over 7 years and always use their product however due to an injury I have had to discontinue my business and I haven't been there in a while...WOW!  What a change...I always dealt with Joey and his crew and was given A+ customer service however with the new crew that is certainly not the case...I was trying to purchase Venetian Plaster and I have always purchased my colorant separate since I have a certain color that I want to achieve...was told by James that I could not purchase colorant any more and when I tried to explain that I have been doing it for years when I dealt with Joey however I was rudely interrupted and told that Joey didn't always follow the rules and maybe that's why he's not there so to bad...I then asked about the Venetian Plaster and asked the price since I have a contractors account and was told, without even looking, that there was no discount...I understand that every business has policies however I would suggest that James attend customer service classes because I have never been treated so rudely...I guess I will look elsewhere.
