5	I have seen Caci since I moved to Charlotte in 2005. I have remained a loyal customer of hers following her from Carmen e Carmen to Jeffre Scott. I am so thrilled she opened her own shop. Caci does it all! I have experienced all of her waxing services as well as her amazing facials. Caci makes you feel comfortable while you get waxed, which is kind of an oxymoron! Waxing and comfort?? Well, she's does it! She spends time educating you about your skin, which I appreciate. Toccare is gorgeous And very private. It has a beautiful European feel inside and Caci sells some products if you're in need. Make an appointment with her and I guarantee you won't want to trust anyone else with your waxing and facial needs!
5	I saw Caci for my first eyebrow waxing when I was 15 and never looked back!  I'm now 23 and living elsewhere and miss her treatment so much that when I visit home, my vacation practically revolves around her availability.  I haven't found anyone that does my eyebrows as well as she always does! Caci's incredible knowledge of all things skincare and her experience has led me to recommend her to all of my friends and follow her to the different salons where she has worked over the past several years.  She gives great advice, is very personable, and is detail oriented.  I am extremely jealous that my mom and 2 sisters still get to visit her on a regular basis!
5	After going to several salons around Charlotte, I found Caci a few years ago. I never felt the need to look around again. Always professional, clean, & comfortable (as a wax can be of course). Definitely recommend my friends to Toccare. You won't be disappointed!!
5	My experience with Caci has been amazing over the years. Toccare is a beautiful and relaxing spa.  I love the all natural products and European like atmosphere. Caci's brow wax and facials are by far above any other in town. I recently experienced a massage by Aimee, I will be back again as it was one of the best I have experienced in Charlotte.
5	Update: Caci uses organic and all natural products on your skin. She sells the products she uses on your face when she does facials. The brand is called Amala and is amazing. A little pricey, but it's an amazing investment for healthy skin.
5	Toccare is my go to place for facials and waxing services. Thanks to Caci, I've received lots of positive comments on my brows and discovered several wonderful products that are now part of my regimen.
5	Caci is truly the eyebrow goddess! I just happened to call to see how long it would take to get an appointment for threading and she told me she had a cancellation that day and I could head over! I am so excited that I found her! I am looking forward to returning ASAP to get a facial too. She really understood my sensitive skin issues and she works wonders- my face thanks you Caci!
5	What a great day spa in an adorable location--right in the heart of Myers Park.They offer a peaceful atmosphere, top of the line products and some of the best services in the Charlotte area.  Janiese is a wonderful esthetician that truly cares about her  clients.  She has the perfect touch and is a true professional.  I like to stay consistent in where I get waxed and she has done an outstanding job for the past several years.  She helped even out my brutal eyebrows that were totally botched by some hag years ago.  Janiese had very little to work with but she has managed to make them beautiful.  I've had several bikini waxes by Janiese as well and they are always perfect!  :)She recently introduced me to hard wax which I LOVE!  It is so much better than the strips and I found it to be less painful!  It is so easy...must try!I like that Janiese is always researching, learning and growing in this industry.  She keeps up to date on all the cutting edge treatments and products.  She is a wealth of knowledge so it is fun to just talk to her or pick her brain for anything!Janiese has also done my makeup for a special event and that is a whole other area of expertise!  Bottom line, great space, nice atmosphere and adorable employees!  Ask for Janiese and tell her I sent you!
5	Caci is amazing - fast, efficient, and meticulous. I never leave there with any hair on my lip! She also has a really calm presence, I always feel so relaxed with her. Pricing is very fair.
5	Am I guy and I usually don't go to spas. For whatever reason I wanted to get a massage and I happened to check this place out. So glad I did! The massage was amazing and very professional. I felt like a new person afterwards. I had Andrea, she was great and also gave me a bunch of tips on how to keep my muscles healthy. Highly recommend this place if you're looking for a massage!
5	LOVE Toccare! Possibly the best massage I've ever had. They were incredibly accommodating and were able to give me a same-day appointment after a nearby spa canceled on me. Andrea is amazing--in the 90 minute massage she massaged my scalp and did some reflexology. Other spas would consider these extras, but here they were included in my personalized massage. Prices are already very reasonable, so to have those additions made the experience that much better. This small day spa offers top-notch customer service with a personalized experience. The spa itself is very charming--cozy, filled with sunlight and smells amazing. I can't wait for my next appointment.
5	Janiese is above and beyond any esthetician I've ever been too. I had a glycolic facial peel yesterday and never had more compliments. I've seen her for waxing for years and so glad I started getting facials too. She's one of the best in the city!
5	After searching the Charlotte area for a great facial, I decided to give Toccare a try based on the Yelp reviews. Caci is simply amazing. She is very meticulous and well educated. She sells the products she uses during your facial and will make suggestions on your current skincare routine, but will never pressure you into a purchase. Every person I have encountered there is very personable. I always have a pleasant experience and leave feeling relaxed and refreshed. You can't go wrong with this place!
