4	YAY! Another Fresh and Easy is opening! And... this one is getting closer!  Their Grand Opening is Friday Feb. 15th.  That means more free stuff for everyone who stops in.They give out $20 worth of free groceries to everyone who stops in that day in the form of 4 $5 coupons. If you don't need groceries, you should at least drop in and buy me some flowers. I deserve them for telling you about this terrific place.Grab some Newcastle too.
3	I had to go and see what all the fuss was about.  A little background info, Fresh and Easy's are run by TESCO, the European version of Walmat, they are trying to get into the US by competing with TJ's and Walmart Neighborhood markets.   So watch out, this company will be all over the place soon.Anyways, cold where house style looks, very cheap prices, limited selection but just enough of what I want.   Haven't tried the food yet but I will soon.  No cashiers only self check.The scary part is that I get the feeling like they have so much information on what I might like before I do that it creeps me out.  Fresh and Easy's are really part of a super huge company acting like they are a cute neighborhood market when they are really the farthest thing from it.
2	They should change their name to Fresh, Easy and Fatty.Are you kidding me?  After all the rave reviews of Fresh and Easy,  I waited for the dust to settle and ventured there today only to find it is a major disappointment.  I find this is a view not shared by several of my friends and many trusted fellow reviewers.  From many comments I expected a Trader Hoe's type place where I would also have to stop at a Fry's to get everything else...your basics.  Well, it is that to a degree, just not as good in terms of price, quality or health as TJ's.I have never cared for pre-packaged fruit and vegetables -- which admittedly is a criticism I have of Trader Joe's also.  I love being able to select and decide which orange is to my liking at a place like Fry's.My biggest criticism, however, would have to be its incredibly unhealthy take-and-go food selection.  This is where TJ's has them beat.  Sandwiches all weighed in at 50+ fat grams.  An average person's total daily recommended allowance is something like 67 fat grams, so eat the sandwich reeeaaalllly slowly and savor it for the rest of the day.For a store that prides itself on ecologically-sensitive gestures such as grocery bag recycling, organic foods, priority parking for hybrid vehicles, etc, etc., I was shocked to see how poor their nutrition facts weighed in on many foods -- making a triple bacon cheeseburger look like Lean Cuisine.  Where's the social responsibility in that? Small 8 ounce containers of chicken salad measured at 88 fat grams and 980 calories are more offensive than slightly higher prices or the absence of ecological gestures would have been.  I mean, seriously, is there any chicken product in that salad at all, or is it just a tub of lard with chicken seasoning?  Perhaps this is some sort of sick joke the Brits are making at their fat-ass American counterparts.I left the store with some fruit salad, organic lemonade and a spicy shrimp roll (which, btw was just as awful as TJ's sushi).  I found that the pricing was no different on many items and in many instances was more expensive at F&E.Sorry Fresh and Easy, I don't buy it and I won't buy it.  Trader Joe's, where are you baby?  I'm a coming running back to you.
3	I have to agree with Stevey about the nutrition of F&E's products, but I'm happy to have them close by. While not a Trader Joe's, which I would die for here, F&E satisfies some of my needs. I find it hard to shop for everything here but they do have a somewhat diverse but limited selection. The nutrition of their pre-prepared foods is absolutely appalling. First, almost all of the items I've picked up have more than 500 calories, a ton of fat, and one item has 101% RDV of your daily sodium. I tried the magic 101% NaCl item, the Penne Arrabiata, and my mouth stung the rest of the afternoon from the sodium overdose. Some produce is overpriced, but I like getting 1/2 off fruit platters that are Daily Specials ("Enjoy By" today) and their veggie "meat" is really good. Their wine is decent, and closer than TJ's, plus they carry Tasty Bite and Amy's frozen meals. I hope they work out the kinks and stick around.
3	Yeah, I sneak over to Fresh & Easy once in a while. On the side, when my #1 box starts to bore me. What of it? Fresh is cute and useful - in a second class, English kinda way. Diminutive frame. Well kept. Cheerful, but not overly bright. Of course, she cant begin to give me everything I want, and she knows it. So our quickie is a big thrill for her.  I squeeze her quirky buns, nuzzle an ear or shoulder, take a breast and am out.  When I try to leave, poor thing throws money at me, in $5 increments, so I'll come back and use her again. Fresh lovingly packs up my stuff,  even though I should probably do it. But what's the harm. I think she needs me. More than I need her, that's for sure.  My #2. Fresh. Cheap. And, oh, so  Easy
4	It's a half mile away, I can run in and out in a  few minutes without aisles and aisles of streamlining children and preening mommies, there are lots of really, really good deals, and the guy who cooks up the samples (I'm embarrassed I forgot his name) has some great ideas.What more can you ask for???  OK, OK, if you like to inspect each apple, choose from 12 varieties of granola, etc., you won't like it.  For example, choices of apples are usually four packs of either Gala, Fuji, or Granny Smith.  Take or leave.  BTW, the Fujis are usually the best.The F&E brand items are hit or miss, mostly hit.  I like the F&E putenesca sauce.  Come to think of it, there have been a few "misses" but I cannot remember them... (remember the over 40 bit, Ok?).  The olive tapenade tastes straight out of an Italian deli, the stuffed baked potatoes are a great meal in a pinch.  The giant boxes of mixed salad greens are a staple in our house.The meat selection is pretty darn extensive - a variety of pork and beef cuts, sausages, and sometimes even lamb. They have chicken also, but since I am allergic to it I never paid it much attention.  The cooked shrimp makes a good quick meal - either get a package that includes the cocktail sauce packets or get a bottle from the condiments aisle (the F&E brand is surprisingly good).  The tilapia is excellent.  Grill with a  little salt and olive oil. For ease and budget-tending, I love F&E.  Tip:  Avoid Sundays, as that is when their stock is lowest.
4	Though Trader Joe's has better prices, I find it too small and stifling and it's too far for me to drive. SO F&E works for me because it has all the pre-packaged meals a girl-who-doesn't-cook could want and the tiramisu is tops. Also, I was shopping around the other day and was delighted to find they now carry authentic british Heinz beans in a can. Hell yeah beans on toast! The way it was meant to be made. Only negatives:-No paper bags. I eventually bought my own kicky F&E bag, but I forget it everytime I go. So the point is moot. -You have to eat shit really fast before it expires. Fortunately for me, this is never a problem.-I'm hoping for a greater selection of foreign beer.Overall, I enjoy F&E for the convenience...and now mostly for the beans.
4	The good:1. Prices. Compared item-for-item, no grocery store in town will beat them. Some prices are a few cents lower, some items are significantly lower. If you know exactly what you want, and buy them here at F&E, you WILL save money.2. Basic item selection. Need chicken breasts, cottage cheese, and bagged vegetables? No problem. Soda, milk, bread, and cereal? Check. Essential spices, common snacks, ground beef? Got it.3. Ease. I love self-checkout, and no one really bothers you. Never a line. I take my own canvas F&E bag I got for a buck or two.The bad:1. Extended selection. Need a single serrano pepper for that chili recipe? Nope. No beef broth. Very limited selection of specialty items.2. Their fruit. Seriously, my wife and I have had terrible luck with their fruit. Berries and the "boxed" fruit such as mango slices are typically okay, but their non-refrigerated stuff like apples, plums, and oranges are consistently disappointing. It's really too bad; their vegetables are great.Overall - we shop here for 80% of our groceries and save a LOT of money over Basha's or Trader Joe's or wherever else you might shop. However, you can't do all your grocery shopping here.Reply to Steven's "fatty" review - I completely disagree with this, but I never buy prepackaged dinners anyway. If you're buying sushi and boxes of chicken salad at grocery stores, then you shouldn't expect to be shocked by calorie content or substandard quality. Fresh and Easy is good for basic ingredient grocery shopping.
4	I love the grill packs feeds like 6 ppl for $3 and its good. ohh and get the vegtable chips and some hummus.
5	This place is absolutely, positively perfect in every conceivable way. Why, you ask, is this place perfect in every conceivable way? Well... my friends... let me tell you.1. Big Kahuna Cab/Shiraz Mix Wine - it costs three dollars and it is good. Like, I drink it all the time good. THREE DOLLARS!2. Cilantro Lime Hummus - You could dip paper in this and it would still be nectar of the gods. Still.3. No Bullshit Approach - You walk in, you get your shit, and you check yourself out. I'm not anti-social, but I really don't like dealing with people, so this is perfect for me.4. They have exactly what you need, and nothing more. 5. The clearance section is abundant. I'm a cheap bastard; what can I say?6. This F&E is literally 2 minutes from my house. They close at 10pm, so when you are baking #ThePie (VEGAN STYLE RICHARD!!!!) at 9:55pm at night and realize you are out of pecans, you can scoot on over, grab your nuts, and be back home by 10:01pm.7. Ummm... duh, its Fresh and its Easy.
4	I am responsible for Fresh n Easy. Ok, well that is stretching the truth a bit, however I DID participate in a focus group for the naming of the store. We were given a whole host of names, word triggers, different concepts and were fed bits of information as we went. Some of the names people finally decided on were super sucky - my final pick was not however Fresh & Easy, I had decided on just  "Fresh" as I didn't think it was trying to hard to describe what the store was about and left a little to the imagination. They went with Fresh & Easy, their loss.This is probably the least aesthetically pleasing F&E that I know of in the Phoenix area. They get a star back because they reused building space in a strip mall that definitely needed it. It's also 2 min from my new home so it's my "Neighborhood Market" by default.I don't like all the packaged produce but I "get it ".  It does appear that they use minimal packaging but still seems like a lot of plastic. Lots of the F&E brand stuff is pretty decent and priced well (like the hummus). They have super cheap tofu and they carry Gardein products for veg heads which not too many places do. Oddly enough you can also find interesting ethnic items here too that you won't see outside of an Asian grocery (certain brands of Rice and Soba noodles).I can't go here and get EVERYTHING I need, but I can't do that at Trader Joe's either so it's a mute point. They have Amy's Frozen No Cheese pizza for less then $6, any grocery store that carries it locally (Safeway, Whole Foods, Fry's) it's $10 or more; which might I add is ridiculous.Finally, I LOVE LOVE LOVE that all the aisles are self checkout. I see a trend at other stores to REDUCE their self checkout aisles, that is asinine to me. Their scanner/check out stations are the fastest and work better then any other self check out register I have been to. Why does that matter? Because I can get my shit and get out. Even if their are a few technologically challenged people (or just challenged in general) there is still always an open station for me. At other stores I always run into waiting in LINE at the self checkout because the person in front of me can't figure out how to enter a quantity for their avocados, or weigh their bananas, or just how to scan and bag at the same time (I know we are supposedly the most intelligent species but it happens).Never change your model away from self check out. NEVER.
4	I enjoyed my shopping trip.  I had no list and just bought what looked good.  I probably spent the same as I would at Bashas, but I don't have to cook this week. Yeah!
4	I really like this location of Fresh & Easy.  It is always clean and laid out in a way that makes sense to me.  The produce is fresh which is important to me.  Overall the prices are really moderate. If you go the correct time in the late afternoon a person can find some great markdowns on fresh items! The employees really go out of their way to make it pleasant to shop there.  I don't know about the rest of there stores but I'm glad this one is in my neighborhood.
4	I love F&E. Been shopping at the 12th street location since it opened there doors. This store works best for me since I live a very busy lifestyle. The pre-packaged foods, fruits and veggies make life easier for me. For a small store they have a great variety of things to choose from. This is not a one stop shop to find everything, however they seem to always have the items that work best for me. They don't have as many Safeway or Fry's grocery deals, but they have discounted items regulary to choose from. There prices are slightly higher then Trader Joes for the amount of food.The store is always neat and clean. There is tons of help incase you have guestions. You can bag your own or there is someone there to help you.
4	Fresh & Easy surprised me.  They don't have the biggest selection, but what they do have is well thought out and very well priced.It would seem that FE caters to single person/ small family households, which is great.  Their premade food is tasty, and the soups are awesome.I am constantly shocked at how cheap meat is here.  My freezer is stocked full of chops and chicken, at about half the cost of what I would pay elsewhere.You can't get all your shopping done at FE, but it's an enjoyable experience and the stuff you can get is top notch and bottom dollar.I'm a fan
5	Forget Semi Homemade with Sandra Lee...it's more like Semi Homemade and Fabulous with Teresa Marie.Seriously, I have never loved a supermarket more.  AJ's is amazing, don't get me wrong; but for everyday, affordable groceries, F & E is the place for me.  (could I have put more commas in that sentence?!)Watch for $3 and $5 off coupons in the mail.  They don't work on wine or beer though!  Even so, I love me some Fresh & Easy!
2	What is a store? Is it a building? Is it a brand or an idea? No. It's a place they store stuff. Stuff you take home once you give them money. Today, Fresh and Easy was neither a store nor worthy of its name. It was "Tired and Difficult".  Like me.  I went there for a few things. The $5.99 mixed grill pack, featured front and center in their weekly ads.  They were "out".  They had chicken, but I didnt want four lbs of squawk.  I wanted a mix of beef, chicken, and if they happened to have any left, maybe a sausage or two. Like in the ad.  The only employee around to ask was busy with other customers. Screw it. I migrated to one of the few everyday deals I can count on at F&e; their $7.99 large bottle of extra virgin olive oil.  There's usually a case or two on the shelf. Twenty or forty bottles. There were none. Fuck. This isnt even in the ad, or a special sale, where they might've had some run on it. It's been $7.99 for at least two years.  Since my wife is traveling, I asked our son (before he headed out the door for school) if he had any special requests from f&e. He said, "Dad, get me one of those indian frozen dinners they have. Like chicken tikka." "You got it!" He's a good kid. I was thinking of getting him an assortment of two or three. Wait. There's none of those anymore either! They used to have an entire freezer door dedicated to indian food. They didnt just downsize it - maybe it's not a big seller - there's not one goddam indian frozen food entree in the whole goddam "store".  They're not sold out. I looked at the shelf labels and they dont stock it at all anymore. Good things? Store's clean, milk is $1.98 a gallon, and there's a friendly lady up front who's been there from the beginning.  But there's a reason they throw their $5 coupons at you like confetti. They dont take manufacturer coupons and there arent that many compelling  deals. But all that's secondary. You're a store.   Store stuff.I'll even give you money.
5	Absolutely the freshest groceries in town.  In our crazy fast paced world, these simple pre-made meals are a healthier option than the frozen variety.  My roomie converted me.  They also carry a lot of organix type products.  Some of the items are rarely on sale like your typical Cheetos.  However, they do have coupons pretty much every week for anywhere from $3-$6 off your bill.  Lastly, the staff is super friendly.
5	This place is great! I feel vip when I get to park in the "family parking" spot because I have the kiddos. It's really nice because when the lot is full, it's great to be close to a sidewalk so when the kids are unstrapped, they can stand out of the way while I gather everything up for the shopping trip. The security guards in this place are so nice. One of the guys has to have worked there now for years, and he remembers me when I come in. And then they have a sampling area. The guy will sometimes let one of the kids pick out a box of cookies that they think will make the best "sampler". He's always super friendly and willing to help you with suggestions. There is always a sale section. It's always my first stop. There are lots of premade things that are delicious. It's great for me on those days where I am too overwhelmed to cook, but still want the kids to eat home made food. And their soups... mmm.... try the tortilla. My son likes the California Rolls.The prices are good, the food is really fresh. It's a little more expensive than fry's with coupons, but it's worth the convenience sometimes. And they are also very generous with non profits. I really love this store, can't say enough good things about it.
5	Well, it's fresh, and it's easy.  Perfect words to describe this cute, clean little store!  This was my fave F&E in Phoenix because it was a mere block and a half from my place.  I STILL miss it, and I moved away from Phx over a year ago!  I popped in here several times a week to pick up staples, (it was always an adventure to see which prices had been marked down-- they even have a section in cold foods where they mark older stuff way down).  I appreciated their little bundles of veggies which were sold in just-right amounts (as in, not so much that some of it will end up going bad). This market was also great for soups (their brand was my pick, although they have a selection of major brands as well); it was also my go-to place for prepared healthful lunches perfect for work (like the F&E pre-made burritos and pasta dishes).  Check out frozen foods too-- there are reasonably priced items like tempura, and special organic seafood dishes I never found anywhere else.  I also liked the casual setup of the checkout area, with the option for a cashier or self-serve.  And...wait for it... I just found out they are opening at least two F&Es in Sacramento!!!  (okay, that won't likely cause much of a stir with the Phoenix crowd, but I am so excited they'll be open in my area!)
4	An interesting concept.  All items nicely packaged.  Self checkout that works well.  Would return.
5	They have the most amazing burritos... Breakfast and the steak... Very comparable to chipotle :)
1	I am NEVER returning to this market again!  It's a shame, because I live in the neighborhood and would prefer to shop here.The plastic bags at the self-check were all stuck together and the register scale kept locking up, requiring a checker's code to release it.  My husband was trying to straighten the bags all out, but no luck.  The jerk that helped me had the audacity to say to me, "You have to be smarter than the equipment."  I couldn't believe it.  I so badly wanted to punch the little F*)($#% in the throat!!  My husband couldn't believe that I didn't walk out and leave the crappy groceries there.  I have found that the fresh fruit and veg isn't that fresh.  I have only been buying bread/milk for some time.  Until today.  We spotted a watermelon that looked great and bought it.  I washed it and cut into it when we got home. It was rotten on the inside.  I know it happens every now and then, and normally, we would just throw it away and not buy produce here at all any more.In light of our experience, my husband took the damn rotten thing back to the store and got my money back.  The rude little jerk was nowhere to be found.  (He needs a tune up for sure.)  A nice young man helped my husband.  My husband got the impression that he knew who he was complaining about and had heard it a few times.  NEVER SHOPPING AT "ROTTEN n RUDE" again !!
1	So I'm in there yesterday and I walk by a young guy who greets me with Hi how are you today.  I politely, nicely, say "fine thanks" but --OMG-- neglect to ask him how he was.  Apparently this was a major issue for him so he decided to mutter something like, "I'm fine, thanks,"  even though I didn't ask and frankly didn't care.  I turned back to look at him again and he was grinning like the smart-assed bastard that he is.  Good service and hiring, guys.  This place sucks.  Just for identification purposes if anyone from Fresh & Stupid reads this, he had brown hair, is probably 19 or 20 years old, and had those big stupid earrings (I guess the kids call them "guages") in his ears.
3	OK, so I love the 50% off stuff but why do they have to keep changing their pastries up?Last year they had the BEST carrot cake & red velvet cupcakes and they keep changing up the recipe and the size of the cupcakes. It's anoying!! Don't mess with perfection I say!!I love their pumpkin soup in the winter time, it's wonderful. They have slowely gone up $1.00 on their almond milk in the past year and a half (yes I've been keeping track) so I nnever buy almond milk here anymore!A lot of their origional prices are high and their food is "too" fresh, meaning you have to eat it immediately, so don't expect to buy food for the week there, it only lasts a day or two!For single people I'm sure this store is a hot spot, but for someone who has a family to cook for and prepair's 15-20 meals per week, it's only good for the 50 % off items and some of their signature items that you can't get elsewhere...My husband would probably score this store a 5, he loves it!
3	The store is small and easy to get in and out.  I have never ran into a line at the store when I go.  I typically I only buy one or two things since is not my main store.  They would be a great neighborhood market if they had more az food items stocked.
5	favorite place to pick up groceries!everyone is always great and friendly, and i love how the points add up on my card to convert to cash!! they have an adequate vegetarian section as well! (as far as soy alternative/etc) which is my favorite!
5	Also the best experience since I have been in Phoenix.
5	So I absolutely LOVE F&E! I was beyond ecstatic to move from AZ to Cali and have a location down the street from me. With news of this fabulous chain closing all stores in the US I was devastated. But thank my lucky stars they were recently bought out and are staying in the US. I have yet to be to any location of F&E and have a bad experience. They have the most amazing customer service, I swear its a requirement of all locations to have a top-notch crew working in their stores! I can go on and on about how awesome the customer service is but the best part of this amazing market is the awesome deals. They always the the freshest produce and the lowest prices in town! You can beat the 98 cent produce section. Yes you heard right they have packages of fruit, veggies and other awesome select foods for only 98cents!! Another reason I love F&E is the clearance section! When food throughout the store is getting close to the sell date on the packages the F&E staff reduces the price to almost more than half if not 70-80% off some products. This is the place to go if you are planning on having a large BBQ or small family dinner. I have found steaks for only 5$ and they were HUGE! They also have awesome deals on beer and wine (often have a buy one get one for 1cent on wine). This is my favorite market hands down! You cant beat the awesome deals and customer service!! Oh and they also give back to the community so this is another reason I choose the Amazing Fresh and Easy!Just  little side note.... If this review is ever seen by the owners of Fresh and Easy  I have one piece of advice for you... REDBOX REDBOX REDBOX! if you guys were able to get a contract with red box you would be a golden child!!! I swear that you would up your sales greatly because your customers would have everything they need all in one place, they only time I don't come to your store and choose a different market is because I want to grab a quick movie at redbox; therefore I take my business elsewhere where I can get all I need at one location (which send pains down my spine because I love giving you my business) I know many of your loyal customers agree with me on this. :)  Love you fresh and easy! Keep up the awesome work!
3	I like this location. Always clean and I go early in the a.m. so it's never busy. Staff is not overly friendly, but seem to always be working and will help if you ask.
4	They should also put Quick in the name.  This is now the closest one to me since they closed so many stores.  I hope they make it because they excellent selection and good prices.  I love the way they have the place set up.  You go to any one of their stores and you know where to find what you want.  They even have a good selection of items you can only get at British grocery stores but at half the price.  The fruit always looks fresh.  They have some lunch meat without nitrites.  I wish they would add nitrite free bacon and hot dogs too.  I also like their flower selection.
5	Let me preface this: every other grocery store in a 10 mile radius could spontaneously combust one day and I wouldn't notice. I only have eyes for Fresh and Easy.This grocery store is small, but packs a big punch. They have an excellent selection and great prices. Their Meals-to-Go are a delicious (and healthier) "fast food" option, they have specialty pizzas for $2.50 ($2.50!!!). Don't even get me started about their wine and cheese selection. Do you know anywhere else you can get a huge pie slice of brie for only a couple bucks? Nowhere! Also, I love the 50% off section - it's full of delicious stuff for crazy cheap. Just make sure you eat it that day.
3	Friendly folks.Clean store.But they let me down by not having their sake case filled with discounted goodies for foodies!I'm guessing this is the case because in popping by on a Monday morning. Although other locations usually have the case PACKED with stuff. Instead, I'm heading over to the 99 cent store in the same center.
4	I am not sure if this particular location is on the list of F&E stores to get the axe, but I damn sure hope not.My Greatest Hits:*Greek Yogurt w/honey*The 12oz. cold cut package- $6*16oz marinated mushrooms- $5*pita chips*hummus*thai style shrimp*marinated flat iron steak*when avocados are on sale for .50 cents
5	Dear Fresh and Easy,You seriously ROCK. I am a single super busy person trying to live a healthy lifestyle and Fresh and Easy is my lifesaver! I no longer stop at fast food places, I just go into this AMAZING store and grab from the endless stock or pre-made ready to eat meals. The cost for a meal here is around the same (or less) than fast food. I shop here almost everyday as the meals are delicious. I'm a big Trader Joes fan, however when it comes to quick meals (or other random items), Fresh and Easy takes the cake. When I crave a snack, I just make a pit stop at Fresh and Easy and grab a piece of fruit or their hummus and carrot stick containers. The baked items, eggs, juices, ect. I can rave on forever about this store. It seriously made me a healthier and happier person. The employees are always so sweet and helpful, I LOVE this location so much! Always clean and easy parking. I don't grocery shop anymore, I usually just make a stop here everyday and pick out my day's food. I spend about the same when I combine my old grocery and random fast food budget. I would seriously be so lost if there wasn't a Fresh and Easy near my home.
4	Everyone who works there is always very friendly. The produce is usually perfectly ripe and inexpensive. You can get great deals on organic products including meat. Their store version of products are amazing...huge fan of their greek yogurt. It doesn't carry a ton of products but it's good for those who don't want a ton of processed foods or just want to eat simply and healthfully.
2	Overall, I'd tend to choose Trader Joes over F/E. In most cases the food tastes better. That and F/E sells some of the same stuff as Safeway for more.F/E is supposed to be a healthy affordable store. Milk isn't healthy (and it's in too many of their products that don't need it -- fail for someone lactose intolerant), and the prices on some of your the meals here are just slightly lower than going to a restaurant for better food. If they would price match and produced better food without lactose all over the place, I'd give this place a better rating. Otherwise, it's just a place to go if I'm in the area or the rest of the places are closed.
