4	This is my favorite divey type bar in the south side.  I have been going here for at least 10 years and it's nice to go to a place and know exactly what you're gonna get.  This place is usually the last stop of a long night.  I found myself there last night once again closing the place out, which unfortunately due to my advancing age and mellowing tempermant I find myself doing less and less frequently, thus the impetus for me to document this fine establishment.  It's located on E. Carson St. next to the parking lot by the Pittsburgh Steak Company.  It's plenty big and most folks spend their time located at the long bar to the left after you enter.  In the back there is a pool table and a bunch of booth seating.  It's really a shame because this is a lot of wasted space for an E. Carson St. location.  They also have a fully operational kitchen in the back but don't expect a menu.  They may have served food long long ago, but do not now.  They did attempt to revive their kitchen about a year ago, but it didn't work out.  You'll mostly be snacking on bags of chips, crackers and beef jerky unless you luck out and Cindy is behind the bar and is willing to make you a burger on the small grill behind the bar.  If she is making burgers you should order one they are surprisingly good, either that or I'm usually tipsy enough to appreciate anything warm when I'm here.  All of there bartenders, cindy, billy, etc. are all great and have been there for years.  This is definitely a last stop destination and usually never super crowded.  The folks are a pretty wide mix, but after midnight mostly mid 20 somethings and 30 somethings with a few local older yinzers mixed in.  They have a couple of tv's (no plasmas) and you could do a lot worse than to watch the game here.  In fact during the last steelers superbowl run I found myself here often.  Also, the free ham bbq's aren't bad either.  This is not a place to order wine, but they do have a good beer selection including guiness on draught and a few imports.  They make a strong drink with most top shelf liquors available and the prices are cheap.  Again, this is a great place to end the night and often closing time is on their own schedule.
2	This place has shockingly expensive drinks for an establishment that looks divey. That's why no one ever goes here. I'm not sure how they stay in business, but God bless them.
1	Walked in to have a few drinks around 11pm and some old guy followed us into the bathroom and said "Get the f-ck out of here". We told him we were planning on staying for drinks not just using the bathroom and he still rudely insisted that we leave saying "I've been dealing with this sh-t all night, get out". May be owner? manager? or just drunk guy at the bar...? Whatever the case, awful experience, will never go back.Amazing that a bar that doesn't want customers on a Saturday night is still in business.
2	I'm not sure what this place is trying to accomplish anymore.  It has the appearance of a dive bar which I don't mind at all.  It is located in the South Side, a good place for a dive bar.  But yesterday I spent $4 for a domestic bottle (Duquesne Pilsner) which seems pretty steep for a place like this.  The bartending is hit and miss whether it's busy or not.  Sometimes I get okay service but usually I feel like I'm mostly ignored.  But I keep going back because I think, "This time will be better."  And it's really not.  Sigh.  I'm not sure why I keep letting this place disappoint me.
2	The Inn-Termission is a total dive, but it's in the thick of the Southside insanity. Don't expect dive bar prices, or that friendly dive bar service.I've never been a huge fan of the service at the Inn-Termission. You'll often have the bartenders looking at you (or ignoring you completely) as if they're doing you a favor. Mondays are okay, as Tommy is working, and if you wander in when it's completely dead, your experience will be good. Just don't be surprised if service is a little frustrating if you're not a regular.In the dive bar spirit, clean bathrooms (or clean anything, for that matter) don't exist, and smoking is permitted, so thumbs up if you're a smoker, but the rest of us will be thankful for the fresh air when we leave. There's often live music on hand, and certain Mondays have kung fu karaoke, where there's an old school kung fu movie playing on a projector behind you. It's supposed to be a great time, as a lot of my friends go, but I can't deal with the smokiness to start my week.In the end, the Inn-Termission's name is pretty on-point. It's never going to be the place that you go as your primary stop for a night in Southside, but it's a decent option for a place to stop in and buy a drink on your way to your main destination or in between bar hop stops.
3	So admittedly, I've only been to Inn-Termission at one specific time of the week, but it's always been entertaining.  On Saturdays from 4 to 8 (I believe, could be off by an hour) they cover up the pool tables in the back, rearrange the tables and chairs, and put on small blues bands and musicians.  And it's just a $2 for those four hours.I agree with others that their drinks aren't especially cheap, but during that Saturday time frame it's a perfect spot to be for live blues music.  I've seen anywhere from a house band, that can rock for 15 minutes and kill it, to a solo act from out of town passing through but plying his trade.  The crowd there is definitely on the older side, and maybe a little rough looking, but they still know how to have a good time.  Enjoying the music comes first, having a cold drink is second, and some random bar conversations are a close third.  Some have even been friendly enough to buy a round of shots or drinks once you start talking.So if you want to check out some decent blues for an hour or two on a Saturday afternoon before hitting up the rest of Carson, give Inn-Termission a try.
1	This place is HORRIBLE!!!Inn-Termission Lounge is pretty much a dive bar in every aspect, except for drink prices. As noted in previous reviews, the drink prices would reflect those of an upscale club. Which this dump most definitely is not. As well, it's nearly impossible to get a drink from the bartenders. They will literally look right at you, and completely ignore you at the same time. Once you finally do get served (at one point, it took me 20 minutes to get a beer), it's like they've done you the biggest favor in the world by serving you. I have seen some places use increased drink prices to weed out "riff-raff". But it fails to work here. Countless homeless dregs wandered in and out of the place, right past the doorman. Then they hit total strangers up for a drink. I guess it's OK for them to come in, so long as they ask for drinks and not money? They also brought their dogs into the bar with them-which is a major PLCB violation. I was catching a show in the back room, and noticed a puddle on the floor. At first I thought someone spilled a drink. But then I saw that one of the homeless guys' dogs was squatting and urinating on the floor. Lovely. I like a good dive bar as much as the next guy. But NOT when I'm paying through the nose for a beer, going dry for 20 minutes at a time, and fending off unwashed vagrant. FAIL!
1	This place is terrible.  It's a dive bar that stinks and it seems like a funeral home.  The draft beer made me sick.  It tasted like they hadn't cleaned the lines in years.  My friends like to drink and they all walked out without finishing their drinks.  Awful, close the place!!!Thanks
1	We dropped by the Inn-Termission Lounge on a trip back to our hometown, Pittsburgh.  We wanted to see what's changed since it was the Roxy, then owned by a delightful Eastern European couple, Wasyl "Roxy" and Anna.  Let's say, what's changed is a lot.The Inn-Termission Lounge could be renamed "Smoker's Paradise".  Unless you are one, or don't mind throwing all your clothes in the machine and washing your hair when you get home.  There is a "Smoking Permitted" sign on the door so that should be enough warning.  Venturing inside, we saw a lively group of men seated along the bar chatting among themselves.  Knowing we weren't going to fit in, we looked at each other and left.
