4	Love their sales and quality merchandise...They always send out coupons even when you don't have a kohls card. The staff is always friendly and the store is usually kept up clean and organized. They had a big sale going on yesterday and the shoes were in no special order. Not going to keep me from going there again.
2	When the item I picked out rang up at about three dollars over the price posted on the rack and I pointed it out, the cashier stood there fanning herself with a brochure, looking anywhere but at me and gave me a who cares, take it or leave it attitude. Funny how one employee can ruin the whole trip as everything else there was okay.
2	Of all the Kohl's stores I've been in, this is the worst.  I found the customer service to be very bad and the clothing racks were all disorganized.  I don't mind spending some time in a store searching for a deal in 70 or 80% off racks, but when these racks are COMPLETE CHAOS it is very frustrating.  Yes, customers are not being courteous when they leave the wrong size in the wrong area, but customer service representatives should be checking for these things.  They do at other Kohl's locations.
3	This is the same format as the normal Kohl's, but the merchandise was set up a little messy especially in the accessories area.  =(
3	If you sign up for their card you will get intermittent discounts. Both me and the wife have a card so chances are that one of us will get a 30% off discount at any given point.The return policy is fair. The products are what you'd expect from any national retail store. You can find good deals with you combine sales with a coupon.
3	Good place for housewares and clothes, although their clothes do tend to shrink or not hold up well. As does the jewelry- at least the costume stuff tarnishes quickly. However, you can get super cheap deals here if you combine the coupons with sales or clearance items. Seems like we always have a 30% off coupon so we don't pay full price for anything here. I love the $5 hardcover children's books.
3	This is a really nice kohl's the people are really helpful and if you don't find what you need here right next door is target. Close is really convenient right next to target other employees a pretty helpful to store stays nice and clean sometimes the lines to get crowded but notice they will open another one homeless immediately customer service in the back is pretty fast and efficient that they're always have great deals and stuff on clearance.
1	No one around to help.  Not a place that I like to shop. I do not feel like anyone cares when you go in there. If I wanted to be treated like that I can go to Walmart. If it is my choice I will never shop there again
3	I go to Kohl's for their clothes, I do not go for their customer service. Luckily I know what I'm there for and where to find it most of the time, because asking for help from someone is a pain. This location never seems to have enough people to report to a register. I understand there is other work to do around the store but I am not one to "wait" to spend my money.
