5	Bacon donuts!  Need I say more.  Very cool concept.  You order the number of donuts you want and tell them what flavor icing and toppings you want.  All donuts are cooked to order.  Toppings range from sprinkles to pretzels to bacon to nuts and on and on.  Definitely worth checking out!
5	Seriously the most awesome donuts around!  Totally custom & freshly made.
5	Went and tried Desert Donuts this morning and my first impression was "where are all the donuts?  Surprise! They are made fresh to order! YUM!  I ordered 2 dozen (for a work function, not all for me) and they where made fast and fresh!  Everyone at my work was fighting over the custom flavors and toppings.Did I mention they have BACON donuts?Service was super friendly  :)I will definately be back!
5	Wow! Just stopped in for donuts. They are hot, fresh and made to order. About 20 different icings with 10 different topping choices. They taste amazing!
5	Really cool place! Order each donut customized and fresh from the fryer! Best if eaten right away! Only $1 per donut!
5	Fantastic concept. You walk in to a spacious space where you receive a warm greeted.  You order your donut(s) ala carte and they are made for you fresh in the spot. You choose your glaze(s) and any toppings and they are a dollar each or 11$ for a dozen.I had the maple topped donut with bacon.. OMG. I can't wait to pick up my son from school and come back in a couple of hours!!
5	Tried Desert Donuts after meeting the owners and thinking they were pretty awesome people. OMG. I'm hooked.First, I love the concept. Gas station donuts ruined my desire for donuts probably about 20 years ago. These are different. They're hot, and they make them right in front of you so you can choose exactly what you want. I chose lemon icing with almonds (because fruit and nuts are healthy, right?). My sons got chocolate icing with bacon sprinkles (good bacon, too - not the yuck fatty stuff), and caramel with chocolate chips. Holy diet busters! They were incredible.Service was friendly and efficient, and the place was sparkling clean, which is great considering it was a busy Saturday morning. If I would have been in the mood for coffee, they had locally brewed Kona coffee, which is awesome. I love supporting local businesses any time I can, and this is one I would definitely endorse. My only problem is the added calories in my diet, but everyone needs an occasional splurge. This is the place to go.
4	Delicious!!!! The donuts are sooo warm and soft! Lots of different types or frosting and toppings to choose from! More on the heavier side for a donut but very good!!! Loved the caramel frosting with Oreos! Yummmmy!
5	BEST donut shop around!! Great customer service, and delicious donuts! Highly recommend!
5	I can't believe we never stopped in here before.  We were running into Albertson and smelled the donuts and had to try one or 5.  Yummo!  we will be back.
5	What a great locally-owned mom-and-pop style shop. I love it!I have been here twice now - once with my better half because she wanted to try it, and once to bring a couple dozen in to work. True, they take a little longer to bring a couple duzzo to the office, but just call in your order ahead of time... they had it finishing up and waiting for me within ten minutes!Donuts are airy and flavorful. They may be a tad on the greasy side, but let's face it, folks: you aren't eating donuts to be a health nazi. These may feel a tad greasier because of how fresh and soft they are, but if you wait a few minutes before gorging these tasty morsels into your mouth, you would realize they aren't bad at all. The toppings were great. Almond Joy, Caramel Apple, Maple Bacon, Pink with Sprinkles (a la Homer Simpson,) are just a few of the delicious bites I got from there. The best one however is the Peanut Butter Cup. Great staff, great concept, great owners - try it now!!!
5	We stumbled on the place while going to get coffee at McDonalds.  I alway like local places better than chains.  What a great surprise. First of all, it was spotless.  These folks know how to keep a clean place.  We were greeted as if we were old friends. Then we found out what this donut shop was all about.  They make your donut to order.  Wow.  Since we are "old school" when it comes to donuts we kept it very plain.  Just cinnamon and sugar.  They were the best coffee shop donuts ever.  Really.  Hot, fresh, and practically melted in your mouth.  I could have eaten more, but my wife only let me have two. The staff was friendly and gave us some tips on where to go in the area. Great coffee and great donuts.  Please bring your store to Mass.  We need some better donuts. We inflicted Dunkin Donuts on the world.  Our punishment is not having these guys near by.
4	We came here one morning on our spring break. The people were so friendly and the place quiet and clean. We came on the morning where they were doing a 2 donut and milk special. We got 6 donuts for us and kids. We got a few of the specialty donuts, including the maple bacon, the carmel delight and the sweet and salty. They were really warm and yummy. We got a raspberry inside out filled and it was good but messy.
5	Desert Donuts is Arizona's Voodoo donuts... But fresher. Their version of the bacon maple donut is fantastic!All their donuts are made right when you order them and are prepared the way you like it. That kind of freshness makes these donut creations all on their own level. They have bacon toppings, pretzels, sprinkles, nerds, dried fruit... This place is so good!The service is top notch too! They walked us through the menu and explained everything thoroughly and well. We will be back. A lot.
5	***Stop*** If you're looking for a Dunkin' Donuts, traditional style place - You're going to be disappointed...And possibly a little confused. There is a real concept to this place: You order a quantity of donuts, then you get in line and pick your toppings and style of donuts...They are made fresh right in front of you!! The donuts are hot and delicious, and the freshly brewed, locally roasted coffee was surprisingly good (I had the kona blend). At a buck each, a saturday breakfast treat (2 Bavarian cremes and a small coffee) set me back just a hair over $3! The staff is friendly and willing to explain things. In all, I'm glad I decided to walk in this morning!!
4	I went in one day and just thought I'd try it but man am I glad I did. I got the bacon donut it's my new favorite thing in the world.
5	We stopped here on our way up to Sedona and it was a perfect doughnut shop. Each doughnut is made fresh in front of you. And they had great coffee also. I got the bacon doughnut and the cinnamon doughnut. My friend got the banana cream pie doughnut. Great job guys! Great service!
5	I can honestly say that this family-run shop has been one of my finest customer-oriented experiences ever both for the quality of the products they sell but, even more so, for the wonderful, friendly service they have provided day in and day out.  I recently retired and decided to visit the North Phoenix area of Arizona for two months.  As a MA resident, I had become "addicted" to Dunkin' Donuts coffee back east, and was worried about what alternatives might exist in AZ if no Dunkin' shops were located nearby.  The very first full day of my stay, I decided to try Desert Donuts, and I'm very happy that I did.Desert Donuts' coffee has become my new favorite (Kona Blend), and their fresh, warm donuts ... are to "die" for!I have visited Desert Donuts nearly every day during my two-month stay and could not have been more satisfied with the quality of their menu and service.  The owners, Chris, Linda, Brent and Brandon, have been like a surrogate family, welcoming me each and every day and wishing me well as I leave (as they do for every customer).  I have also enjoyed watching young children come in with their parents to choose (or "build") their customized donuts.If you live in the area or are visiting others who do, I highly recommend Desert Donuts without hesitation.  They are located near the intersection of I-17 and Carefree Highway.
5	Ok, this might sound totally ridiculous, but I stopped by this lovely establishment last weekend and had a hot donut with plain icing. I haven't stopped thinking about it since! I won't eat another donut from any other place. The staff is friendly yes, blah, blah, blah..lol, but these DONUTS!! OMG!!!! They are THEE most amazing things I've ever tasted in my LIFE! The hours are limited so I can't wait for tomorrow morning. That's the only time I get to get to them is on the weekends. p.s. I'm an NPC national bikini competitor and I STILL can't stop eating these donuts... THAT is how good they are!
5	OMGosh! The best donut I have ever had! They make it to order, you choose the toppings and it comes out hot and delicious! I got caramel and toasted coconut and it was amazing! They also serve coffee, fresh beans delivered weekly! Espresso , and fresh iced tea made brewed with tea leaves. I am definitely going to be a regular. I just got home and I'm craving it already
4	Staff is friendly and the donuts are pretty good as long as you design a good combo of flavors and toppings.  Their examples are helpful, just wish they had more pictures of recommendations
5	I want to eat here every day! PLEASE! Amazing cake donuts made fresh for you. Even if you think you don't like cake donuts, please try these. They don't have that artificial greasy mouth residue thing happening like Dunkin. We ate 6 donuts between 2 people. I had to try them all! My husband loved the maple bacon (big surprise, ha!) and I really enjoyed the chocolate glazed, s'mores and caramel coconut. You've got to get this place out :) ALSO, only $1.25 for a fresh donut. Can't be beat.
5	Bacon doughnut is the real deal.  The doughnut was fresh and delicious. I will be back!
5	Probably the best donuts I've ever had! Melissa R. told me about this place & as soon as she said "made fresh right in front of you" I HAD to try it out. You place your order for however many donuts you want, then you pick your icings & toppings.  I was a little overwhelmed at first because there were so many choices, there was a menu of some popular choices so I used that the help me decide. I ordered a lemon bar & a s'mores donut. They fry them right in front of you & serve them piping hot.  AMAZING! They were so fluffy & delicious, the lemon bar was absolutely phenomenal, I have been thinking about that dang donut ever since we visited! The s'mores one was great to but the lemon stole the show.  Counting down until I visit again which I hope is extremely soon!
5	Just ate here this morning. WOW! This place is just flat out fun in every way. Very reasonably priced, absolutely amazingly delicious, fresh and made to order doughnuts. You can choose from a pre selected style or you can make your own. Lots of delicious, fresh ingredients and frostings as well. This isn't some gimmicky place either, these taste like gourmet doughnuts. Not only are the doughnuts absolutely incredible, but the coffee, which is locally grown and roasted right here in Arizona is unbelievably good to!If only I could give this place 6/5 stars I would!
5	Had my first Desert Donut this morning & can't wait to try it again! Will be bringing these to my work to share with my coworkers because they are so good I want everyone to try them!
5	I am not a donut person, last donut I had must be over 10 years ago.With that said love this place, the concept is awesome.They make your donuts as you order, pick your icing and toppings and receive them nice and warm.  Yummy!!!Outstanding service and a fun experience will definitely be back!
5	We were travelling back from Sedona and looking for donuts to feed the kids for breakfast and stumbled upon this place. I have never seen this concept where basically they cook the donuts fresh right in front of you and they top them right there with whatever you want. Kind of like the Subway of donuts but without the sub-standard meat involved. The donuts were delicious and as fresh as you could possibly want.My 5yr old daughter got Pink with Sprinkles and Chocolate Chips. My oldest son got Chocolate with Peanut Butter and Chocolate Chips. I got the Chocolate and Coconut with Chocolate Chips (kind of like an almond joy).  Think my 11yr old got lemon something. Can't remember what the rest of the family got. There are more out of the ordinary flavors for the adventurous like Maple and Bacon (which I will try next time).The other thing I like about this place is that it is not a chain but is a local family owned business.
5	Heard about them via a friend and read the reviews and went by. Not sure why I waited so long to go here, the donut I purchased was HEAVEN! I ordered a Maple Super Bacon one. It was made fresh to order while I waited. WOW. Friendly people and OH SO GOOD! I don't usually go out of my way for a donut, but THIS IS WORTH IT! Highly recommend. Their selection is very good and the price is right!
5	First thing, before I get to the donuts, the people that work here are amazing!I put in an order over the phone and when I arrived to pick it up all three people working said hello and were all smiles. Upon paying I left what I thought to be a couple dollars in the tip jar and went on my way. 10 minutes later I received a phone call and the woman working told me there was a twenty hidden behind a one and she figured that it was an accident that I left it. To be honest I had no clue I even had a 20$ in my wallet, she could have kept it and I would have never known. But she didn't. That is extremely honest and just shows how great their customer service is. Now to the donuts, they are so yummy. I picked up a dozen for a play date and all the moms and kids loved them. We got the s'mores, maple bacon, maple and white icing. All of them were very fresh tasting. I would definitely reccomend this place!
5	The most amazing donuts in AZ! The texture of the actual donut is like a hybrid between a cake and raised donut which is incredible. You don't feel horrible after eating them and considering they are made fresh, you know they will never run out of your favorite flavor like so many other donut places do if you aren't there first thing in the morning. My favorites are the black and white, strawberry lemonade, and cinnamon sugar with drizzled icing. Customer service is so friendly here, they always make you feel welcome. Will continue coming back for my donut fix.
2	Stopped in this morning on the way to Sedona. We ordered with one of the owners & got an iced tea and 3 donuts. This place is a great concept but staff is inadequate. Took over 15 min because the girl making our donuts got confused and made the wrong kind. 2 staff members idly stood around doing nothing while customers kept coming in. The girl making the donuts for the woman that ordered after us was extremely confused also. Staff wasn't very experienced or helpful. Good idea for donut shop but very expensive for how small the donuts actually are. Took the manager awhile to even notice the girl screwed up our order. They also forgot my iced tea, I had to ask for it again. It tasted like they had made it a week ago. The manager ran up to us on the way out and apologized with a coffee coupon for next time. Not really sure why there are so many positive reviews, we sure won't be back or recommend it to others.
5	Kids enjoyed the freshly made donuts and the fact that you get to choose your own flavors.  Cool concept!  Staff was friendly and efficient!
5	My first time there as my hubby had not stopped talking about it since he found it on his way to Sedona. Family owned and hands on the job. Very friendly, delightful people. The donuts were excellent.  I too tried the bacon maple and it was delicious. Actually we bought a dozen, and although not quite as good as eating them on location, they were fine next day. If you like cake donuts you will love the wide selection offered hot straight from the donut machine.  Very clean, and super friendly.
5	Took the opportunity to have a donut this morning.  My DH and I stopped by and not big donut consumers we were impressed with the fresh tasty's donuts.  They are amazing warm.  We had a Bavarian Cream, Snickers, chocolate and raspberry filled.  They were all really good.  The staff was friendly and inviting.  Would recommend if you are looking for a sweet fix.
5	These donuts are absolutely ridiculous!  Individually handmade to order, perfect presentation, fresh and hot.  I never thought such artistic excellence could be applied to a mere donut.  I drive 30 minutes each way for these beautiful babies!
5	This place is GREAT!!!!!! and you have to try all of the donuts. The donuts are made to order. They come out warm and Delicious. These are the best donuts you will ever try. They use fresh ingredients! Cant wait to go back!!
5	This wonderful family that owns this little slice of heaven Has The Sweetest staff!! Now the coffee is the best fresh coffee beans I have had!! I look forward to my latte every week and how they make it!! Now the donuts!!! The apple pie donut is to die for! Not to mention all the special kinds that they offer. Eating them warm and so soft is that little slice of heaven we look forward to!!!
4	Absolutely love the donuts here, we bike here every Sunday.  One complaint: the coffee.  It doesn't taste very good, and it often isn't hot enough.  Fix that, and conquer the world!
5	WOW!! What a great concept. They make donuts one at a time and then dip it in the icing and then toppings of your choice. These donuts are very hot and fresh made to order little pieces of heaven!!
4	I like the concept of Desert Donuts a lot! They are made fresh once you order them and you can design your own donuts. They also have a list of donuts you can choose from as well. I got the Frozen design donut because I thought it looked cool. It was yummy and sweet.The donuts here are not like your regular cake donuts. I feel like they are doughier and softer than a normal donut, but yummy nonetheless. I think this is a fun place to take the kids so they can choose exactly what they want. Donuts are a little smaller than standard size and $1.25, but I think it's a cute concept.
1	Huh?  Saw all the great reviews and had to try.  Doughnut was absolutely the greasiest thing I have ever eaten.  Actually I tossed most of it out.  Coffee was weak, tasted like stale grounds  If you like warm fried mush, then this is the place.  I'm sorry, I wish I could say something nice.   Overall this was just plain yucky.  I was looking for and hoping for great donuts.  There was nothing special about these.  I would not recommend. Maybe it was just an off day for them
5	This is by far the best donut place I have ever been to! The donuts are fresh and hot and you can chose whatever you want to glaze or garnish them with. So far, I have tried the raspberry filled, maple glazed, cinnamon and sugar, and lemon glazed. Every one has been better than the next!
4	On a whim, we popped into Desert Donuts on our way out of town to Vegas.  We were in search of breakfast and there weren't too many options around, so my Husband ventured in for a donut.  He came back out with a half eaten, warm bacon covered donut and insisted we all try it.  Man oh man was it good.  The four of us quickly plowed into the restaurant and ordered more for ourselves.The made to order donut is a genius concept.  The only thing I wish they had was other base donut favors as the blueberry cake donut it my favorite.  Anywho, just an idea... I got a simple cinnamon and sugar donut and it was quite good, not as good as the bacon one though.Anyway... I am sure we will be back to this small, friendly donut shop.  I'm still dreaming/drooling over a warm, fresh, just how I like it donut!
4	Imaginative donuts that taste AWESOME!
1	Crowded, rude, long wait.  Not worth the drive or the effort.  Doubtful I will return.  Coffee was hot.  I'm someone that will drive out of my way for a unique experience.    This wasn't too far for me but a major hassle once I got there.  Doughnut was okay but nothing special, just freshly made.  Tad on the greasy side, I felt like I needed to wipe the grease off my tongue with a paper napkin after eating.  I really wanted this to be my regular coffee place.  I'd go back for coffee but not again for the doughnuts.
5	Holy crap these are amazing. Donuts fried to order right in front of you. Clean environs, friendly staff, fantastic selection -- and quite reasonable prices. You'll never want to step into a Dunkin again.
5	I made my first trip to Desert Donuts today and oh boy!  I went thinking I would get a crueller or bear claw and found something far superior... donuts made on the spot, piping hot with my personal choice of toppings!!!  I purchased 4 to go... awesome!  Couple things... go online, choose your toppings in advance and better yet, call in your order as the line can be rather long.  They offer fresh roasted coffee from Passport Coffee, a local roaster in Scottsdale so the java is just as great as the donuts!  One thing... check your order, sometimes they miss a topping.
