5	As soon as you enter, you realize this is no ordinary dry cleaners. If you have a chance to chat with the owner, Stu Bloom, you realize this man is passionate about dry cleaning. Case in point . . . he makes his own starch! I've been going to Rave for the past year, and hands down, they are the best cleaners I have ever used. Their knowledge and expertise regarding the cleaning process and their attention to detail is extraordinary. My garments look better than new when I pick them up. You will pay more than your average cleaners here, but if you're a stickler for quality, it's worth it.
5	Getting married in Scottsdale, shipped my dress (wanted to avoid TSA shenanigans). Wedding's Saturday, I get the dress Wednesday and there's a tear in the lace. The national chain I got the dress from is of no help. And we're referred to this place by another dry cleaner near our hotel. They say they can repair it if I bring it first thing in the morning and have it done next day. We drop it off, it's not only repaired and pressed on Thursday. They even straighten the hem on the bottom at no extra charge...naturally I was so freaked, I didn't even ask for cost before they fixed it. (I know stupid). So was expecting a $200+ bill which usually happens when you combine the words "rush job" and "wedding". Nope, for $85 they completely hooked me up.Of course, I doubt I'll be in Scottsdale again anytime soon, but would use these folks again in such an emergency.
3	This is price based alone.  The quality of the cleaning was good but no different than a regular dry cleaners.  I had no idea I would be paying $41 to have a pair of slacks and one mans dress shirt cleaned.  Shame on me for not asking ahead of time but in no way did I think it would ever be that pricey.  These were not designer pants so I wonder why the counter girl didnt alert me and wonder why Id be paying so much these to be normally cleaned.  I would go back if I had a fancy item because they do have attention to detail but never again for my normal dy cleaning
1	I didnt feel the need to call Stu.  My issue was your pricing.  OUTRAGEOUS.  And I did not look at your website before I went to your business.  I drove by and decided, hey I will try them.  Not for one second did your front counter girl who knew I was a new customer as I said I have never been here before offer the pricing nor did you as you were right there as well.  Why on earth would I pay that amount of money for regular dry cleaning of 2 items???  I did not ask for anything special or any of the special services you claim you do, I asked for dry cleaning, just clean them and no starch.  That was it.  That is where you as the owner step up and honestly say at that point....if you are looking for a simple and regular dry cleanerss, we are not that.  Thank you for robbing me.
5	This is simply the best cleaner in the nation.  Those looking for an inexpensive cleaner, be warned, Rave is pricey, but worth every dollar spent.    I wear suits and sport coats on a daily basis and have had horrible experiences with various cleaners.  Issues from cracked buttons, to them not pressing the jacket correctly, I was fed up.  I met Stu at my place of employment (they offer free pick up and delivery service at my place of employment) and told me about his establishment.  I decided to give him a try.   Well, a week later I spilled espresso on my trousers.  I tried my local cleaners but they were unable to get a simple coffee stain out.  I finally tried Rave, sent my whole suit to be cleaned, and it came back a week later looking like new.  The lapels are hand pressed thus giving it that roll factor (there is nothing worse than a suit with lapels that have no life). For those that have had a suit made, albeit bespoke or MTM, you understand the importance of a lapel brimmed with life.  I've also had a wonderful 3 button roll sport coat (3 button coat that looks like a 2 button) cleaned and was pleased when it came back pressed to accommodate the roll.   I also love the fact that Rave will take the buttons off and have your coat cleaned and then sow them back on.  No more cracked horn buttons!! Yes!!  Lastly, Rave is a miracle worker when it comes to white shirts.  The shirt Rave cleaned was my first custom shirt ever by Zegna.  It had obvious signs of wear, many laundering, an the god awful yellow armpit stains.  Rave was able to make the shirt look brand new!  In conclusion, if you're looking for a "cheap" cleaner, Rave is not the cleaner for you.   But remember, you get what you pay for.  Rave FabriCARE is worth every penny.  And on a final note, Rave is used by Savile Row tailors.  If the best suit makers in the world use Rave, then you know that Rave is simply the best.
1	BEWAREDo not trust the owner of this business.Mr Stu. Bloom picked up $12k worth of outdoor drapes from our house in Paradise Valley,AZ....we were doing a renovation and wanted them cleaned ...He never called to tell  us they were ready for pick up...one year later.Instead he has been incredibly arrogant and not told us where the drapes are.After repeatedly ignoring our requests for an explanation, we are now forced to hire a lawyer . He has said he does not care and that the law is on his side ...We think he has sold or destroyed these items.This is a person that feels he is above the law ...He hides from the truth and does not care about his customers ...
1	BEWARE This Owner is a sleaze ball who has lost our drapes or sold them..Do not trust this Owner Stu Bloom !!He does not care about his customers ..He removes negative reviews from this site BEWARE BEWARE known in town as an overpriced over rated business owner To lose someone's drapes and then hide like a coward ..Please boycott this Cleaner !!
1	The Owner of this business is not an honorable person .He kept our drapes and is not cooperating with us to get them back.He has either sold or destroyed our $12k worth of drapes.This has never happened to us and we want to warnThe public that this is a shady business .Stay away from this place
1	I am beyond frustrated with Rave! In fact, I'm LIVID.  I have been given the run around for a solid 3 weeks now and no one can give me a straight answer as to where my shoes are. I decided to drop of my absolute favorite boots to Rave. My boss uses them, I've seen their work, my friends in fashion recommend them and I know they have a high reputation. After dropping off my shoes (in February), I decided to call a little over a month later to see if I could pick up my boots before my trip to LA. They told me they couldn't have my shoes done before my trip to LA but they would definitely be done the following Wednesday (March 27) for pick up. I called that Wednesday to see if I could pick them up, they said not ready until Friday (March 29). I decide to call them following Wednesday (April 3) to see when I could pick up my shoes and the woman told me, yet again, Friday (April 5). When I call on Friday, she says that she's really sorry, her boss has been giving her the run around and that my shoes, along with my bosses shoes will be delivered to the house next Wednesday (April 10) *Sidenote: I am fully aware of the position this woman is in. She works the front of the shop and she is just relaying a message to me. I'd also like to note that I have talked to the same lady every single time I call AND she has asked me what my boots look like twice.  So this brings us to today. I would have to say although I've expressed my frustration to this woman, I have been extremely mild tempered. I called this morning asking to speak with Stu. She said he wasn't available so I ask her where on Earth my shoes, along with my bosses, are. I reminded her that they promised to have them delivered yesterday. I also reminded her that I was aware that she was just the messenger and since I couldn't talk to anyone else except her, I'd really appreciate her going and physically looking to see where my shoes are (at this point, I don't think anyone knows).  She puts me on hold. When she comes back on the phone she told me that they are working on "the shoes" as we speak and ALL will be done next week. I asked what "shoes" she was referring to, since they have three pairs; my boots and two pairs of my bosses shoes. She can't give me an answer. I let her know that this entire time all I've been looking for is a straight answer. I just want to know where my shoes are and when they ACTUALLY believe my shoes will be done! She told me that she couldn't leave the front of the store and that it would take her 30 minutes to locate my shoes...They should be at the front of the line right? If the SHOE GUY is working on "THE SHOES." If they had told me when I dropped them off in February that it would be two months, I would have given them some sort of apprehensive look and reluctantly handed over my favorite shoes. Hey, guys! Guess what?! I still don't have my shoes! They may do great work but that shouldn't justify poor business etiquette
5	Rave was recommended several years ago while we were visiting Scottsdale by a fashion industry professional. My wife and I enjoy collecting fashion items and found that Rave can restore vintage designer pieces with great success. Stu's knowledge of fabric manufacture and cleaning techniques allow him to evaluate the best method of restoring a garment. They do remove  buttons ,prior to cleaning, which is worth the cost when the buttons are irreplaceable. We have been sending dress shirts, suits and dresses to Rave several times a year. They are not your neighborhood cleaners and they are not priced as such. For clothing that matters they are the only place I would recommend.
5	I purchased a VERY expensive, gorgeous blue Prada handbag while in Florence this fall. The first day I used it, I was caught in a downpour of Biblical proportions and my handbag was left terribly spotted by the rain. One of my favorite things about the bag was the color, and now it was basically ruined by water spots. I didn't want to have the bag dyed black to hide the damage, so I researched high end leather cleaners and found RAVE.To be honest, I was a bit nervous about using RAVE, as there are several negative reviews here and elsewhere. However, there are also an equal amount of positive reviews. I called RAVE and spoke directly with Stu, the owner, who was very helpful. He assured me that my handbag could be restored, and said that he frequently works on Prada products, both for clients and the Prada store in Scottsdale. Based on my conversation with Stu, I shipped my bag to RAVE to be repaired. Stu originally told me it would take 4-6 weeks to finish the work. It actually took closer to 10 weeks, but considering it was over both Thanksgiving and Christmas, the delay was understandable.My bag arrived via UPS yesterday and it looks absolutely gorgeous! The color is as fabulous as the day I bought it, and there are no rain spots visible anywhere. I did not feel the price to do the work was outrageous - I thought it was fair for the amount of work that needed to be done, and for the quality of the end result.
5	OK... lets start with the obvious... they aren't cheap.  But if you have high quality clothes... they are the only place in town to take them.  I have over 20 dress shirts, each over $250 and there's no way I'd take them to a discount cleaners.They also do a great job getting stains out.  If I'm going to spend $2500 on a suit, I've got no problem spending a little more to make sure it gets cleaned properly.
5	I had a white shirt that had some indigo dye transfer on the sleeve that no one was able to get out. Brought it into Rave. They "whitened" the shirt. Dye completely removed and the shirt looks better than new. Pricier than a normal cleaner, but absolutely worth it.
1	Have you heard the. Story of the crooked  cleaner ??
5	I think that a recent  change of staff at RAVE Fabricare has affected the service.  Stu is conscientious and thoughtful. He runs an operation that is finer than the drycleaning institute in the DC area.   I am absolutely offended by the reviewer who lost their drapes - the drapes have been put away but no one there has need of stealing.   Rave is a personalized business and it is not inexpensive.  They offer the finest quality cleaning- whether it is 20's dresses or Hermes scarves- I have done both thru the shop and am very very pleased.  One dress that was done there was almost a miracle- literally.  Yes I am waiting for a fur that has been in storage there for a good while but I cannot believe it has been stolen.  Lighten up folks
1	I had the WORST customer service experience here EVER for ANY business. Let's go back to April 1 2013. I brought in my grandmother's vintage dress for restoration. I came to Rave because of a recommendation from a friend. I spoke to the owner, Stu, who seemed thrilled to have this dress to restore. It needed to be cleaned and have some small intricate bead work fixed- a lot of it was loose and there were 2 small (1-2 inch) places where it was missing and he said he would find the closest match on new beads for it. I was fine with it not looking exactly the same. I asked how long it would take- thinking this might be several months. He said 2-3 weeks! He even wrote it on my ticket. This was great since I wanted to wear the dress in 4 weeks on a family trip.I called the business almost 4 weeks later- just 3 days before my trip to ask if the dress was ready. The woman who answered the phone couldn't give me an answer but said stu would call me back. Let me just say that Stu never actually called me back in the YEAR long saga this turned into. I called the next day and the woman seemed surprised Stu hadn't called back. She then promised to get back to me that day. Nope. I called again and caught Stu there. He seemed surprised that I thought the dress would be ready since it needed some handwork. He did tell me that they had cleaned it. I said ok- I just called because I was told originally it would be done. He said he would call when the dress was done.I waited 3 months and called back. This time the woman who answered the phone wasn't sure what dress I was taking about. I described it, gave a ticket number, and asked the status. She said Stu would call me back. Nope. Over the next week I proceeded to call 2-3 more times. The woman on the phone said she did talk to Stu and that he said he would call when the dress was done. So basically he was NOT going to call me back. She then said that she knows stu takes a long time, but I will be happy with the work. She also said she thinks he is almost done. I asked her to verify that yes they have the dress and yes are working on it. She said yes, So we play this game for awhile. Finally in March 2014 I am done. I was willing to let them have the dress as long as they needed so that the work could be done correctly, but they were treating me like I was a bother to them. I called and said I need to pick up my dress. The lady has no record of my dress and can't find an order based on my ticket number.. I then tell her I took a photo of the dress and can email it to her right now. she says ok and then magically Stu is there and picks up the phone. He says the dress will be done by the next day, since they have to clean it due to it being in a bag there for so long. Excuse me? I was told multiple times that I would be called when the dress was ready- no one EVER called me and he was acting like I had abandoned the dress there. I wait 2 days and go there after work- in traffic it's an hour drive and I just make it before closing time. I am prepared at this point to call the police if he can't produce the dress. When I show up, he does go get the dress but explains to me that he didn't realize it wasn't done. WHAT??? In almost a year, the only thing done to this dress was a cleaning. He pointed out all the loose bead work that needed to be reinforced because it was going to fall off so easily. No kidding?! We talked about this the day I brought the dress in. He was completely throwing his staff under the bus.Stu then tells me that it will be ready within the week. He asked if it was a long drive for me, and I told him yes- in traffic it takes me an hour. He then said he would ship it to me at no charge. At first I thought this was great!  He said I would be receiving a tracking number in a few days. I waited 5 days and called to ask for the tracking number. Surprise surprise the dress hadn't shipped and they said they planned on dropping it off at my house for me. An employee was going to bring it on her way home from work- sometime between 5-6pm most likely. Great. My husband was home by 4:40 and guess what-  NO DRESS!  GRRRRI called the next morning and was told the employee showed up at 4:45 and I wasn't home, and she called me but I didn't answer. BS! I only have a cell phone and there were NO CALLS. Plus my husband was home. I took off work the next day and showed up at Rave for my dress. Again my next step was to call Scottsdale PD. But they had the dress and I actually got it;, cleaned and fixed. And for the price he quoted me a year earlier.So- was the work on the dress good? Yes. Was the price fair- yes. However I will NEVER go back there again and will discourage anyone from going there. It took 11 months, 3 trips there, and multiple phone calls that were NEVER returned  for me to get my dress. Plus being lied to constantly is a dea lbreaker. I WON"T be back.
5	This is a high end fabric care company like no other. I took a very delicate and expensive bed spread to them for care and the final product was flawless.
