3	Amazing no reviews about this place considering it's been there a while now.  I have 3, small ponds.  Largest is around 400 gallons, smallest is about 130 gallons.  I go in there during late spring and summer and get fish.  Koi, goldfish and yes, mollies seem to do well in ponds as well.  I just wait until they have a sale on them, which usually means a great price.  I like taking one of my Great Danes in there since they allow leashed, vaccinated pets.  Stuff for my ponds is about all I get in there.  I don't buy much of anything for dogs because their prices are just too much more than prices I can find elsewhere.  But, it's a cool place to walk around and look at all the stuff and make a wishlist and maybe go on Ebay or visit Walmart (umm, well maybe not) or somewhere and see if you can find something at a bit more reasonale price. Cool employees, really don't have a problem with the place excepting the prices.
5	Great staff
2	I can always find what I need here. The store carries a wide assortment of toys that Hank likes,  as well as rawhide and other doggie treats. The staff is always helpful, and Hank seems to like it hereThey always give him a treat when we bring him in. The prices are a little on the high side, in my opinion.  The only negative for me is the Banfield Hospital,  it is a rip off. You pay the month fee, and still have to come out of pocket when you bring pooch or kitty to them. Oh, and you can't cancel until the END of the contract.....
2	We took our Yorkie to get groomed & we added the Top Dog package . We picked him up he looked good. His teeth and breath were no different than when I brought him in. He did not have a the Holiday sent on him and he didn't have a bandana.  I was told that all the managers we off because, it was the weekend after Thanksgiving.  I'm not sure if I will go back or not for almost 70.00 I think I can get better service from some other  groomer.
5	The store itself is just fine, but the five stars are really for Jaimie, the wonder groomer. My cat, Charlotte, is a hot mess in the fur department and simply must be professionally groomed. I had gone to three other groomers before finding Jaimie. One was great, but never responded to voicemails for appointments. The other two overcharged and clipped one of Charlotte's nipples. Jaimie listened to my concerns as well as what I have noticed about Charlotte's likes and dislikes regarding her fur-cut. She takes her time, giving pets a break when needed. She will also trim nails and check ears, as well as let you know if she notices anything unusual on the skin. Jaimie makes sure that her customers are satisfied, takes notes on the particulars of each pet's needs, and even calls to follow up. Charlotte and I have both loved her cuts and the genuine care from Jaimie. There are not a ton of groomers in the Valley that take care of cats, and from my experience, even fewer who do it well. Jaimie is a major exception, and if she were ever to leave Petsmart, we would follow her.
