4	I stumbled into this Starbucks one afternoon seeking my next caffeine fix, two steps in to this establishment I paused and thought to myself "wow those are some great ceilings", and that's how my love affair with this Starbucks hatched.Nestled on the corner of Union and President Kennedy, this branch is a hidden gem located off just off the beaten path. The incredibly high ceilings opens the place up inviting patrons to spread out and relax. Relaxing can be accomplished via several sofas and lounge chairs arranged near the windows. Bench seating lines the opposite wall and mixed throughout are a number of small tables that are perfect for getting a little work done. Towards the front of the cafe there's even one large table that can seat 8-10 people.The staff are really friendly and on more than one occasion they've brought around a tray of free samples. It's clear that the person in charge really cares about the customers and success of the business.The only gripe I have is that they really crank up their air conditioning.  I always leave there feeling like I've got a mild case of hypothermia setting in, you have been warned.  This is hands down one of the best Starbucks to spend the afternoon being productive or not.
4	Really nice place ,. Different from ones In ny... Clean and well kept... Staff is friendly .. Lots of dessert choices !
4	Lots of construction on their street corner at the moment.You can get into the store now, but it's much easier from the east most entrance
5	Great Starbucks to get some work done. Had great working areas (big tables) which I love. The service was great as well - the baristas were very friendly.
3	its starbucks. you like them or you hate them. as for me, i like their holiday drinks.why review this particular place? i find them to be more lenient on how you like your drink to be made (like double blended for better smoothness, more scoops for better flavor, less sugar, blend the drink with whipped cream in it instead of using it as topping, etc) and you don't get the stinky attitude like at some other starbucks. on top of that, you can do the secret menu.they do close early though as they are situated in a office building
