5	With the extreme summer temperatures this week, I decided to check out 'A Little Surprise' as my 2 year old and I are getting antsy in the house and are looking for something new to do.  Boy, did we have a ball!  This is an indoor play area meant to mimic, on a smaller scale, the city of Surprise.  The different play areas were varied in activities -everything from slides, to a 'grocery store', to a 'school zone' w/ a large chalkboard along one wall.  Also, there was a dress up area, a 'car wash' where kids could ride their Little Tyke cars through, a fire truck complete w/ dress up fireman's hats and coats, among many other things.  Additionally, there is a separate closed-in area for the 2 and younger crowd and includes lots of baby-friendly toys.   This closed-in area is attached to the main area which means you can be in there w/ your baby but can still keep an eye on your older child.   A cafe in the same area caters to both kids and adults.  A networked video game room (separate from the main area) is great for the older kids.  This business offers many types of classes and also has party rooms available.  Finally, the entire time I was there, the staff was constantly around cleaning and straightening up- not letting the place go to shambles as would be easy in such a kid-friendly place.  At about $5.50 for unlimited play,  the price can't be beat (although ages 3 and up are $9.)
5	My first visit to A Little Surprise was last week.  I was a bit nervous after reading some of the other reviews and have therefore felt compelled to offer my opinion in defense of this terrific place.  I took children ranging in ages 2 to 7 and all of them had a blast.  This place was clean and adorable with plenty of fun toys, dress up clothes, cars, and slides.  The murals painted throughout the play area are beautifully done and add to an atmoshere of endless pretending fun.  The little cafe is also decent.  The panini sandwich is worth trying! And there are several options for picky kids.  I will definitely be going back.
