5	Very good food... Looking for good Chinese food this is the perfect place to go... The prices are a little high, but it is worth it. I am not big on eating out but Chinese food is one thing that I will splurge to eat one every other month...
3	I love this place for casual Chinese food. We usually order lunch menu for to-go and nothing really disappoints me. They all taste good. However, their service is terrible. Everytime I visit here, a very unfriendly male waiter in his 50's takes my order. I was very unhappy when he didn't come to take my order for more than 5 minutes even the restaurant had only two customers.
1	Ok I see there are ratings of 5 stars, must have been from the employees family,,I was surprised at the service & the food. It was Saturday night 6:30 and the place was empty, should have been the first clue, the one man seats us, brings our drink order and takes our dinner order, Mongolian beef for my companion and Cashew Shrinp for me, Soup, egg roll & Crab rangoon ok but meal comes,,,,,Shrimp with nuts,he said as he set it down,,,,peanuts are not cashews! My companions beef was good he told me but my plate was tasteless if not dissappointing. I WILL NOT GO AGAIN, very unhappy with this place!
5	Love this place, it is the perfect hole in the wall chinese place. China Tom the waiter is super nice, and the food is good. My favs so far are the House Chow Main, and Mongolian Beef. Yes it is slow in the dining room, But you have to take into consideration most of their business is take-out. So don't let that stop you.
4	Great lunch specials!  I work nearby, and they have excellent lunch deals that include the price of the beverage.  Their hot & sour soup ranks way up there, and the Mongolian Beef is also top notch.
3	Probably not the best chinese in town. But its rediculously cheap chinese food, large portioned and a good variety.
2	As a general rule of thumb I'm pretty lenient on Chinese restaurants, especially the ones with great service. Mostly because I've never been to China and I'm not Chinese so I have never felt I had the authority to articulate why one place is better than the next.But...I'm going to go ahead and just say this place sucks it. I don't know what it is about the Southwest side of town but it's like there is a vacuum here where decent cheap Chinese food just can't exist.Here's the BAD:Fried Rice...doesn't this usually have a few items in it other than rice?General Tso's chicken...I don't usually order this but i just had a taste for sesame chicken one day, and settled for this.I think the secret recipe for this dish is sweet and sour sauce and KC masterpiece.Mongolian beef...This is not supposed to be that spicy and the sauce wasn't even cooked in to the meat. It was like they cooked the meat in the wok for 30 seconds leaving it too tender but also sinewy and the sauce was tossed on as an after thought. Also the whole order was made up of about 9 giant pieces. I felt like I was eating an entire flank steak with chop stix.Service...Hey guy, can I get a little help?...I can't choke down your crap without a drink refill. And "yes, I WAS done with that crap, but next time ASK to make sure.The Good(Acceptable):The lady that works here is an absolute sweetheart.The lunch specials are a great price and unlike most places you will be full when you leave.The little kid who sometimes runs to the front door brandishing a transformer, and stares at you as you are leaving.If you have to eat it (as I sometimes do) get it to go. I'm sure there is something on the menu worth $6-7. So I'll let you all know if I find something.
3	The sweet chinese lady with the thich accent is always friendly. Today, we got honey walnut shrimp. For some reason I thought it was too oily and I didn't eat much of it. Egg drop soup is always good. I'll try something else next time.
5	I have mentioned this before, but I'm a New York Jew. I also have "Chinese Food" listed as my religion in my facebook profile. And I love this place.The potstickers suck and the BBQ pork is kind of bad, but the entrees come in delectable, massive portions. If you can finish an app and an entree here, they should give you your meal free.The food here is a step up from China A GoGo. It's not $100 a plate gourmet food, but it's definitely more well prepared than most other places. The service is good, the prices are fair, and this is by far my favorite Chinese spot in Vegas at the moment.
5	I love this place! We first wanted to go to another restaurant but it was closed so we started driving around the area and found Grand China.  It was a delight to have lunch here.I was extremely happy with the service they provided.  The old chinese man was super cool! He was very polite and made sure our drinks never was empty.  This place is so kid friendly! The waiter spoke with my kids and even gave them quarters to get toys from the vending machine.  They have extra fortune cookies because he noticed the kids devoured the cookies.Now to the food...the food was also great.  Duck is what surprised me the most.  This has to be one of the most tasteful ducks i had.  It was so juicy and the flavors was amazing.  The duck skin was nice and crispy.  The kids enjoyed the crispy chicken and the Hong Kong Pan Fried Noodles had everything in it.If I'm ever in the area again i will definitely go back here!
1	I don't hold my chinese food to a high standard, but I tend to  judge it exclusively on the quality of the crab rangoon. I had high hopes that this might be my Las Vegas chinese take out restaurant, sadly, I was extremely disappointed. There was barely any filling in the crab rangoon, and what I had left was deep fried crunchy puffs. No cream cheese. No crab. It ruined my dinner. I might be forgiving if the General Tso's chicken was yummy, saucy, guilty pleasure goodness, but it kind of reminded me of the the frozen General Tso's chicken you can buy at the grocery store and bake in your oven. As a final bonus disappointment, they do not have brown rice as an option. I will continue to search for my local chinese go to spot.
4	great fresh food. Hot and sour soup - out of the world. Prices are good. I am a customer for years and coming back for more.
4	It's all about the Salt and Pepper Chicken Wings. Period. End. Of. Story.They offer ten wings at a great price of around $7.00. The wings on the regular menu are listed under appetizer but TRUST me. This is a meal.These chicken wings are are too die for. They are covered and bathed in this amazing batter of wheat flour (I finally asked because it is sooo freaking good) and fried to perfection.They always come out piping hot, crispy on the outside, moist and juicy on the inside. They are always seasoned perfectly and topped with sauteed onions and jalapenos. The smell of their awesomeness lures you in. You eat one and your tongue just starts slapping your mouth around because it is going crazy with flavors. (True story, this happened to me.)I normally like to dip my chicken wings in something, whether it is ranch, sambal or sriracha. But these my fellow yelpers, need nothing but to be savored as is. They have other "flavors" but nothing compares to the salt and pepper that they offer.I am also a fan of their beef dried chow fun. It's always fresh and just good. I always order the stir fry broccoli for my son and they always cook it how he likes it. I just ask to have it slightly well done. They are always willing to accommodate and the server, he is the best when it comes to kids. He is always giving away some kind of toys from the vending machine. Another true story, I took my son's Asian card away from him because he wouldn't eat rice, but how somehow this man got my boy to eat rice. Me and my hunny's jaws hit the table because we could not believe it. That man has got the right touch when it comes to kids. So they are definitely family and kid friendly in this place which is a HUGE PLUS! I can't attest for many items on the menu because we come simply for the salt and pepper chicken wings and chow fun. But I do not steer you wrong with these salt and pepper chicken wings. This is a definite must try.Don't let the interior set you back, it's a little divey.
1	Just brought home some shrimp egg foo young, pork fried rice and wonton soup. Spent $28. WORST CHINESE FOOD I'VE EVER HAD !!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm originally from New York so I know what chinese food is supposed to tase like. This was horrible !!!!!
4	My boyfriend and I are really sad that this place is closed. We tried it after driving by and seeing it, and would order it for take out half the time, or dine in the other half. It was clean, well priced, and good authentic Chinese (I can't stand Americanized Asian food). The lunch specials were inexpensive and we never had a problem there, but the place was always a ghost town every time we went. Bad location? Not really, it's very visible and on major streets with high traffic. I don't know what the problem was but I am sad to see it go. Time to try other Chinese places I've had bookmarked then. =(
1	Came in at noon so I knew they would be busy. Like other reviews it seems like they only have one waiter. I came for take out so I placed my order and they said 10 minutes for soup, chicken lo mein, and general tso's chicken. Yea this is all for me to last throughout the day. To me Chinese take out is sick comfort food and I feel like death so its time to try a new place.I understand going into a place to order take out May found silly, but if their website worked I would have saved the trouble, ordered ahead, and probably waited 20 minutes to come in.After waiting 25 minutes I received my food. It was ok, but I will never get take out from here again. Flagging down someone to order was painful. Another reason why I won't order from here again is because I had to order each item separately to get it. When you order the Lunch Special that comes with soup and a soda, to go you don't get the soup or drink. That's half the meal! Why am I paying the same amount and not getting everything? Just plain stupid.
