4	Good food and service is friendly. The location is very convenient to stop in after visitng LVAC.
5	LOVE this place!  Fresh food and they will make it any way you like it. I always ask for it well done, suace on the side and No carrots. They serve it with a smile. Yummy too!
4	Perfect for after LVAC workout meal. Lots of peeps wearing workout attire and gym shoes here. Parking is decent, but getting out of it can be a challenge dependingon the time of day.Clean, reasonably priced and convenient makes this a good spot for a quick bite on the go. The menu is pretty straight forward, but I prefer anything else but their yakisoba noodles, which I found to be rather bland tasting.Beef is better than their Chicken, which is still pretty good.Wrap is preferred over their Rice, both of which are way better than their Yakisoba.Staff was friendly and greets you as you enter and leave the premise. It is such a trivial thing, but makes a big difference.  Good job!
3	Eh.  Not that great, but definitely not the worst in town.
2	The location is great. Right next to LVAC and the tanning salon. I am a fan of Jay Cutler so when he recommended this place I decided to go check it out right away. The food is good; not exceptional but good. I was disappointed by the customer service. I will pay extra if the customer service is good. The men at the location were courteous and polite, the woman however, was rude and seemed to be very unhappy working there. 'While looking for a table, the tables were dirty and  I had to clean a table to sit there.It was a disappointing experience. I guess I expected so much more since Jay Cutler was the one to recommend this spot.
4	Nice curb appeal. Inside is nice with lots of seating. Menu is very easy to read. Lots of good healthy choices. The teriyaki sauce is supper yummy. I will return..
4	Teriyaki Boy is one smart business.  Located smack in between LVAC and a nutrition store.  Where else do people from LVAC go for their post workout?  They should come here, especially since your anabolic window is about an hour after your workout.  I still remember when this location use to be Bonzai Bob's.  They have since shut their doors and Teriyaki Boy took over.  Teriyaki Boy still has the same line up and even supports ex-Mr. O Jay Cutler like Bonzai Bob's use to do.  I was a fan when it was Bonzai Bob's and a fan now even though it's changed to Teriyaki Boy.  I've tried their steaks, chicken, and salmon bowls.  Everything I've tried has tasted fresh and flavorful.  But it's their brown rice that tastes amazing.  If you come here and get a bowl, try it will brown rice.  For some reason, it brings the flavor out of their meats.  My most recent meal was their salmon wrap w/extra meat.  This was good, not as good as their steak or chicken bowls, but good enough to sustain me for a few hours.  All their meals are price low. The most expensive item on the menu is currently $9.40.  But keep in mind that these prices are for their larger.  If you got your big boy pants on or need that extra extra protein, go for the Cutler Bowl which is about 48 oz of food (over 12 oz of meat). It will cost additional to go huge on their meals, but well worth it.  Plus, it's perfect for the next day's packed lunch or baon (for all you Pinoys). For an even better deal, try their "Weekly Meal Plan".  This will save you about $2 on each bowl, but this also means the same meal all week long which can be boring.  To some, T-Boys is just another Teriyaki Madness or Samurai Sams.  Both taste and prices are similar.  But it's way more affordable than Greens & Protein when it comes to their chicken, steak, and salmon.  If you're hungry and looking for something on the healthier side, give T-Boys a try.  My suggestion...go big and get their Cutler Bowl.  PS:  There is a table reserved for Jay Cutler.  I didn't know who he was or how big of a deal he was until the day I was sitting in his chair.  Yes...he walked in and everyone gave me the look.  I got the "you better get out of his seat" type look.  This was a while back during the Bonzai Bob days, but they say he still frequents this place.  My advice, stay out of his seat!!!
4	Passed by many times.  Finally went in.Very clean. Nice atmosphere. Great menu. I ordered the "firecracker chicken bowl ".Wow !   Generous portions of tasty chicken, over steamed veggies  and white sticky rice. You have a choice between brown or white rice.  The veggies were steamed perfectly -- still with a crunch -- not mushy.  The spicy heat creeps up on you  -  in a good way.  Flavorful !I will definitely be coming back here.  The prices are fair - between $7-$10 for a filling,  tasty,  and relatively  healthy meal.
3	Man, I love teriyaki chicken. I think it should be a food group unto itself. It certainly would merit it in my case, as it's part of my food pyramid. For me, it goes (starting from the bottom): steak, burgers, pizza, teriyaki, sushi. That's the pyramid, and teriyaki is in a good spot, I think. Having said that, why just the three stars? Well...Because this place is right outside the LVAC I (sometimes) go to, I only ever come here after a workout when I'm starving and don't feel like paying $7 for a smoothie. Every single time I've come in here, I've ordered the same thing: yaki soba with teriyaki beef and veggies, sauce on the side. I have no idea what anything else tastes like, but keep in mind I feel this makes me an expert on this particular dish. So this review is pretty much based on that one dish, plus the one time my brother said he ate there and he liked it. Ultimately, it comes down to the noodles on this dish. The steak is almost always great, as are the veggies (but I hope you like a ton of broccoli and not enough anything else...) but the noodles are not the best. They always taste the way Panda Express chow mein tastes after I've left it sitting out for a few hours and then get back to it between episodes of Arrested Development. It doesn't taste fresh, but it's not that bad. It tastes like three stars. It tastes like "I come here because it's the best choice without having to move my car" or "man I am starving and this is better than getting KFC on the way home."While I come back? Certainly. I am a creature of habit and comfort, and both apply to this place.
4	Gets better and better. I havent had anything that wasn't excellent. Teriyaki Boy kicks ass.  A full healthy meal at a reasonable price.
4	Dropped by Teriyaki Boy in search of some quick, clean protein.  The b/f says this is where Jay Cutler has his own bowl, and sure enough, there's a picture of the former Mr. Olympia on the counter and his own big teriyaki chicken bowl--buff!  We only wanted plain chicken breast with no sauce, no rice, and some plain broccoli and the folks behind the counter were very accommodating; this location is right next to LVAC, so they're probably used to such requests.  If you're into eating clean, which can mean boring at times, this place can hook you up.  It's also super clean as an eating establishment--the employees were mopping and cleaning when we walked in and kept on after they served us.  They have boba on the menu, too, but it's not on our diet these days; too bad, so sad for us.
3	This place is alright is you're looking for a healthier version of a teriyaki bowl. The sauce is really light and sometimes a little bland for me. When you order, they do ask a lot of question regarding how to prep your food. I think that's a plus if you're really trying to eat healthy. "white meat or dark meat?" "sauce on the side?" "brown or white rice?" If you're in the neighborhood, it's worth the stop.
4	Delicious food. The price could be better though.
5	I'll be honest, I don't usually go for teriyaki bowls, as the prices are usually too high.  We happened to drop by on a Thursday afternoon, and found out that If you go on Tuesday or Thursday they have the regular bowl for just $2.99.  It's just the basic bowl, but it's yummy and a good portion.  They served the sauce on the side, so you can decide how much you want to use.  The vegetables are fresh and not overcooked.  I will be back again soon!!
1	If I could give this place no stars I would... Terrible! Even with having low standards of expecting fast food, it was below that!The girl at the counter messed up our order 3 separate times and couldn't get down the to go part to save her life. On top of that the good was bland. Never again.
3	The good is fine, but the service is always fair to poor. I would write more but what is the point. If your hungry and are close not a bad meal. Would I go out of my way to est here, nope.
2	I used to really like coming to Teriyaki Boy, but the last two visits have turned me off from using this as my go-to local teriyaki place. The rice is undercooked to the point of *many* individual grains being hard, and the counter staff acts like they are doing you a favor by deigning to serve you (mind you, they are only standing at a cash register). The Tuesday Thursday special *seems* like a good deal until you are disappointed one too many times by the entire experience. I'l gladly pay regular price for better food and service, sorry.
3	I visited Teriyaki Boy for the first time recently after hearing people talk about their low carb bowls. I'm a low carber and it's so hard to find places around town that understand my lifestyle. When I walked in there were lots of big, beefy guys from the gym next door waiting to order big protein bowls -- always a good sign! I ordered a shrimp low carb bowl with broccoli instead of rice. I loved that the cooks wok your food fresh to order right in front of you. The quality of the broccoli and shrimp was good too. I had two minor problems with this place -- one, the teriyaki sauce tasted really sweet, making me worry about too much added sugar; and two, the portion size was pretty small. I need to eat a LOT to get full since I don't eat carbs. When you start adding extra meat here and there, your meal price can quickly grow out of control. I'd go back here but only if I was in the neighborhood and needed a quick, light meal. It's not something I'd crave and drive out of my way to eat. The restaurant was very clean and I had fast and friendly service. Parking can be a bit of an issue since there is a very busy gym right next door.
2	Used to go here about 4 nights a week right after the gym. About a year ago, this place was great. Then it started to go downhill - fast. That says a lot about ownership not paying attention. The people they have hired over the last several months have the absolute worst attitudes. I even had one time a girl tried to tell me they were closed (early) and that they were out of chicken. The male working there told me they do have chicken and that girl was trying to go home early. Now they no longer give discount to gym members. Portion sizes are about half of what they used to be. Service is worse than the Shell station employees down the street. On top of all that - the last two times I went there to pick up a to go order, they were missing extra chicken we had paid for and gave us white rice instead of brown rice that we ordered. Sorry teriyaki boy owner, but you should have been paying better attention. $18 times 4 nights a week lost from us.
1	The food is great but I have problems every time I go to this location.  Service is very poor. I will not be going to this location any longer I leave upset every time. . .
3	The food should be served warmer...it's not even Luke warm!  Healthy selections.. Yaki Soba Bowl is great if it was warmer.  Could the cook be lazy?
3	Convenient healthy meal option after a workout at LVAC in the same building. Surprisingly flavorful for health food. Get the sauces on the side and steer clear of the appetizers.Salmon wrap with extra veggies is my go-to, but the Mongolian beef bowl backs a punch of protein as well- filling and flavorful, ask to add extra garlic. In addition to wraps, bowls, and apps, the menu has protein smoothies and boba drinks. Meals are generally under $10/person, unless you Jay-Cutter-size it. Restaurant is clean, employees are efficient, lots of random Buddha statues on display. Can't think of any other healthy options in the area, very good location for them to be.
1	Not very good at all. Went there with a friend, waited about 15 minutes for our food. It was cooked in front of us, but when we picked it up it was cold! Not to mention some tables are directly across from the rest room. A little off putting. My friend got a chicken egg roll that had a weird smell to it. She didn't risk it and threw it away. It was soggy too.I would rather go to teriyaki madness.
5	I loved my meal. I had teriyaki steak and chicken bowl. My roommate had the same. Both were cooked fresh and the portions were good. Im a plus sized model and I was stuffed. Had fresh veggies as well. Yummi.
1	Chicken very dry felt like I had to drink a half of liter of water to get it down Portion size has decreased and they stopped giving a gym discountVegetables seemed undercooked and not good needed teriyaki sauce to eat themStill trying to get this dry chicken downThe girl at the registered wasn't a pleasant person I use to be a fan but has gone down hill, the extra distance drive to teriyaki madness will be much more worth it now
4	Teriyaki Boy is one of my favorite after workout diners. Chicken , Steak, brown or white rice or even all veggies if you're on that serious kick the carbs to the curb diet. Add a protein shake and its your one stop shop to gains gains gains. They'll even make up a weeks worth of meals in various forms...Sweet. Grab a workout and don't forget that post meal grub at Teriyaki Boy it's fast, easy and you're out the door. I mean come on its where Jay Cutler eats, how can you go wrong with that. He just gets grumpy when your at his table.lol.
