5	A Vietnamese cafe?? Yes! Finally! A good place to go for drinks, coffee (especially their own version of Vietnamese coffee), and some pho. It's definitely got a trendy feel to it with open kitchen concept and awesome/friendly service. Definitely a must visit if you're in the Little Italy neighborhood. I highly recommend the Vietnamese iced coffee, it's not as bitter or strong as the typical VIet coffee, rather it has a more mild taste. But! Don't underestimate its caffeine content. Had that thing at 8 30 and could not sleep till later in the morning...yikes!I will definitely come back to try their Vietnamese panna cotta and other dishes!
5	Ahhh what a lovely evening I had in that small place. The food is very good, the stuff is friendly, the waiter was always there when I needed him. It's a very cozy place, perfect spot for a date night or girls get together. Good wine as well. It's at the beginning of little Italy so it's easy to find parking. And their soup is to die for, it's made by someone's Vietnamese grandma,mmmm I wish I lived closer to them, it's that good.
5	Apparently Den means Black in Vietnamese which makes sense of the stark monochrome in this chic space. Very simple room, open kitchen, metallic counter tops, simple list of soups, chicken wings, and beers and cocktails. The Pho was pretty amazing, I went with a friend who has lived in Vietnam for the last several years and he said maybe the beef could be less cooked but the broth and fresh veggies were better than most of what he gets at home in Hanoi. So there's that. There were lots of cool people hanging out, the room is sexy and chill, the service was perfect, fast, funny, friendly... I'll be back here often and all the time.
5	Pho-tastic. Pho-nomenol. Pho sure going back. Made for puns, I mean, I couldn't resist. Also can't resist the pho. It is damn good. A modern spin on the classic bowl of noodle goodness served up with fresh herbs, bean sprouts, chilis and beef.Design interior is ultra modern without trying hard. Staff are great and service is just the right amount of attentive.
4	Ok I'm glad this calm sexy little place exists, and everything I said before remains true plus the rolls are delicious. But I have to say this: I get that on a quiet night the staff might use the tv above the bar to watch a movie, but glancing up in time to watch an astronaut vomit, then dig through that vomit and pull out a bloody tooth, was pretty unappetizing...
