4	This is a nice community to live in, the place is well maintained and the pools are always sparkling! The only drawback is the HOA or the property magement company. I have recieved multiple complaints for things like birdfeeders when i have never had one, and for having potted plants on my doorstep (which is allowed) The walls are nice and thick and we never hear the people upstairs. I did get my bikes stolen from the bike racks though, so make sure you keep an eye on your bikes!
4	I have rented a condo here now for 2 years. It's quiet but the HOA is very particular about hanging things outside or what color your hose is. They do allow pets and even have dog mess pick up stations located around the property, which is nice. There are two pools, one heated, one not, and two spas. There is also a tennis court and a work out room. Plenty of parking. :)
1	Worst HOA ever. They'll scrutinize every aspect of the place you own/the place your land owners own.  Stay away. We had blinds that we're .5 inches too thin and got a notice we'd be fined if they weren't updated. Also If you want to slip and break a bone, they water the sidewalks very well
2	One star for nice property, one star for having tennis courts . Now to explain why I took away three stars.The HOA is an absolute joke. The letters they send don't even make sense sometimes and are sloppy. If you're going to have a no dog over 40 lbs limit then enforce it for everyone not just people who the old bitchy lady with the rat dog complains about even though our dogs were minding their own business. Plus one of our dogs is 45 lbs can she really eye out 5 lbs over the limit ?  Somehow I highly doubt it. Oh and speaking of dogs , you probably don't want yours to be here because there are tons of people who let their dogs run around off the leash. Extremely unsafe , let's hope that no children are walking around . Oh yes and the nice tennis court ? Well people let their dogs play in there like it's a dog park. Hey guys, news flash. Chaparral dog park is like 2 miles away MAYBE. How can an HOA enforce a dog being 5 lbs over the limit then tell us if we cut his food down he will be sure to make the limit then not do anything about these other people. Also don't wear flip flops outside because they water the sidewalk all day and you will slip- trust me , I've done it. They should just make this property into an over 55 community because if you're young they target you. We aren't some young college kids that are loud we're a married couple. They really need to get over themselves here because it isn't THAT nice .
