2	This is a mixed bag of thoughts about my one and only experience with this hospital but I feel the need to vent my frustrations. I was scheduled for a cortisone injection into my hip joint, which is done under fluoroscope (X-ray). I was told the procedure would take about one hour and I was asked to not take any aspirin (blood thinner) for at least 24 hours prior to the appointment. My appointment was scheduled for 12:30 and my check-in time was noon. I've never been to this hospital before, so I double checked my directions online before I left the office. Well, the campus map is NOT accurate. Outpatient Radiology is located in a whole different area. And, the directional signs for the parking lot were lousy. The signage inside the hospital is even worse. I wasted about 20 minutes wandering before a lab tech was nice enough to walk me all the way over to where I needed to be on the OTHER side of the campus. When I did check in, I was told the procedure costs $2,000 and "was I prepared to pay that now?" Uh NO! Their computer system said someone attempted to contact me about their pre-payment policy but was unable to reach me due to an incorrect phone number. The admin person verified the number with me and it was correct. So since it appeared to be a mistake on their part, they let me just do a 10% deposit. Whatev. The pain was now moving from my hip to my pocketbook.I also learned at check-in that my doctor had ordered some blood work, which usually took about 45 minutes to get the report. WTF? They got me in for the blood work pretty quickly but then I sat in the lobby for more than an hour. Eventually, I got back to the procedure room - two hours after my scheduled appointment time - and saw the doctor. He and the two technicians were very thorough. If I could review them separately, I would likely give them 4-5 stars. My injection went fine even though they had to do it without iodine because no one had relayed to them that I'm mildly allergic to shellfish. I do feel I received quality health care, and I realize that is the most important thing (or at least I've been trying to tell myself that). BTW, I tried to use their shuttle to get back to where my car was parked. The little bastard did a U-turn right in front of me and kept on going. So I got to walk about 1/2 mile back with a very odd feeling in my hip from the injection. And, I got back to the office at 4. Grrrrrrr.If I'm referred to that facility in the future I will most definitely ask if there are other options.
3	Great place for a c-section. After 14 hours of power labor, without an epidural, I was feeling pretty good about the hospital and it's maternity wing. When it was clear that major abdominal surgery was necessary to remove my bouncing baby girl (due to her bad position and lack of consistent heartbeat), I was greeted by several very friendly surgical staff and given general anesthesia. Ahh......6 Hours later, when I awoke, my husband was getting lessons from a nurse about caring for our baby and I was visited by a very knowledgeable lactation nurse to get me and the babe started on the all important feeding. The labor/delivery wing has about 30 rooms for birthing babies and on another floor they have c-section recovery rooms.  I began my stay in the maternity triage room then moved to an ultra-large labor/delivery room, and post-surgery had a 4-day stay in the cesarean wing. My baby was with me every single minute of my stay - all tests/vaccinations were performed on her in our room and I liked it that way. The drawback was there was no decent place for my husband to sleep...there is a window bench and a lounger-like chair.  Luckily, he can sleep in any position, so he did not complain.  Fussy dads may complain though.The lactation support was phenomenal! As was the visit from the aesthetician who gave me an in-room facial (I'm a hippy that likes to be pampered).  They really did a great job of taking care of me and my daughter.Now - a note about going through natural childbirth there - if you went through Bradley training like I did, then you'll know it's not thought of as a place to go drug-free during labor. In fact, it is better known for it's c-section rate.  They allow doulas, but don't really understand the need.  However, they were supportive of my request to walk around during my labor and take showers when I needed them. The nurses came in from time to time to ask that I stay in bed for 10 minutes or so for the fetal monitoring and she was quick to remove it once she got what she needed so I could move around. It helps to have a doctor that supports natural childbirth - I did not - since my doc was unavailable, I got an on-call doc he contracts with and she had the worst bedside manner possible. C'est la vie!Oh - did I mention they fed me a grandma worthy Thanksgiving feast?  It was a great treat away from the green and red jello.
5	My daughter was visiting from Fairbanks, AK and her one year old twins came down with an upper respiratory flu type illness.  Because they are covered by Tri-Care, we were told to take them to the nearest hospital, which happened to be Scottsdale Healthcare.I went with her to emergency, holding one of the twins.  We were promptly greeted by the front desk, and histories were taken.  They also took a blood test to see the oxygen content of the children's blood. After about a 15 minute wait for test results, we were seen by one of the emergency room physicians.  He discussed his findings with us in detail, the plus and minus of different treatment modalities, and his recommendations.  I am a healthcare professional, but my daughter isn't, and she had several questions, which he explained clearly and patiently.  Also delightful was the person taking the insurance information (which did not happen until we were almost done).  He was personable, and obviously delighted with children, as he spent more time playing with them, than getting the information from my daughter.It was a very pleasant experience, and it actually took less time for the emergency room visit, than to get their prescriptions filled.  I might note that it wasn't particularly busy that night, so it might be different if they are swamped.Of course, I did manage to catch what the grandchildren had - aren't kids great!!
4	I delivered my son c-section here and the staff is great!  We loved all of our nurses save one and during a 4 day stay that's pretty good odds.  All the nurses help with breastfeeding for your visit and they are always happy to help with feedings no matter what time it is.  The way the food service works is awesome too, you can order off the TV with the remote control or over the phone from a huge menu and it's there within 45 minutes.  None of that ordering then waiting for the entire floor to be fed!  The one thing that was tough was there was no good place for my husband to sleep, it would have been nice if they had a reclining chair or something but he had a choice of a rocking chair or a padded bench.  I think another rater mentioned the same thing.  In general I would highly recommend this hospital to anyone but you have to be clear about your wishes if you don't want an epidural so they don't go in assuming you are going to have an IV.  I told my OB in advance and he let them know before I arrived.
4	Sadly, my mom fell down a wet grassy hill walking her dog on Monday night and broke her ankle in two places. Ouch! She was rushed to Scottsdale Healthcare North in an ambulance and texted me on the way to alert me of her injury. Let's just say I hopped in the car without blinking and drove up to Scottsdale from Tucson as quickly and safely as possible. When I first arrived at the hospital she was in a very small room, directly off of the ER waiting room. Seriously, I thought  this was a closet, no joke! Jay, the RN, came in several times to check her blood pressure, take her to get x-rays, etc. You know....the typical hospital drill when you break your ankle! Anyhoo, he was so kind, gentle and had my mom in stitches (no pun intended - HA!) with his witty jokes. I could tell my mom thoroughly enjoyed his company and care. He was so wonderful and really helped take the pressure off of what was going to happen next....surgery! Shout out to Jay...You are awesome and thank you so much for going above and beyond to take such great care of my mom!After five LONG hours of being in the ER, my mom was moved to her own room on the Orthopedic floor...FINALLY! (Side note, all rooms at Scottsdale Healthcare North are single room occupancy. This is such a fabulous accommodation!!! That means no fighting over the remote or loud snores coming from the other patient.....YAY for mom!)At this point I knew this was going to be a long night and an extensive journey. We arrived at her room (on the 5h Floor) and were pleasantly surprised by the immediate welcoming of the evening nurses. They quickly got her settled into her room and made sure she was comfy. The room was small but super clean so no complaints there. A little while later we were told that my mom was going to have surgery sometime in the early morning but didn't have a confirmed time. Let's just say we both too tired to care because by now it was going on 2AM! I left the hospital and headed to my mom's house for a few hours of sleep before I returned in the morning for her pending surgery. Got there around 8ish and still no surgery time. Ok, at this point my only complaint was the waiting and the unidentified time of her surgery. This seriously went on all day until finally at 6pm she was wheeled down to pre-op. Again, more waiting as the anesthesiologist had a crisis situation with another patient. At this time I was fortunate enough to meet Dr. Nelson who was performing the surgery on her ankle. My impression of Dr. Nelson was that he was very warm, compassionate and informative. He asked for my phone number and said he would call me directly after mom's surgery with an update.....and he did! An hour or so later my mom arrived back at her room from recovery. All went well and it was time for sleep. I returned the following day (Wednesday) and waited her release. Ugh, more waiting.  My mom was finally released Wednesday evening around 8pm with no problems or issues. YAY, we are going home. Overall, the experience at Scottsdale Healthcare North was pleasant and satisfying and I'm so thankful for their excellent and professional care with my mom! The doctors, nurses, physical therapists and aids were amazing, caring and extremely helpful. You can really tell these people are passionate about their job. Fabulous job Scottsdale Healthcare North!!! Oh, one more thing.....Note to mom - no more slipping down wet grassy hills!
4	I have been an employee here for 6 years now (in the ER, OB, now microbiology) and of course everything is not perfect, but this is by far the best hospital I have been to as a patient or employee. They truly care about patient care and go above and beyond to please and meet the needs of patients.
4	With 4 stars "Yay I'm a fan" pops up.  Not necessarily a fan of going to the hospital, but...  I recently spent some time at the Piper Surgical Center.  The staff were very friendly and accommodating.  I had my own room with a not-so-comfy-bed for my hubby to sleep on.  There are no limits on visiting hours either.  Was there for a crappy reason, but they made it bearable.  Thank you everyone!
5	Amazing facility. Scottsdale healthcare has done a great job, the people are happy to work here unlike some hospitals. They are very receptive and the ER operates like clockwork.
5	Friendly staff, very very very good doctors and surgeons.
4	3.5 starsI have mixed views on Scottsdale Shea.  My Dr. recommended them for my delivery hospital (I'm 7 months pregnant) but I ended up there a few months early because some loony Phoenix driver rear-ended me in rush hour traffic.  Even though the accident was in Tempe, I was freaking out so much and insisting on Shea that they took me there.  (My Dr office had said for me to go to Shea's OB Triage when I called, after the guy hit me.)  haha  OB Triage was great.  After 5 hours monitoring my baby, I felt more calm.  I was in my own room and very comfortable... all of the staff was nice.  But then... I had to go to ER to have my accident concerns addressed.ER was kinda crazy.  It was small, not laid out well and it didn't seem very efficient.  I was in their waiting room many additional hours even though I'd checked in with them earlier in the evening, they knew I was coming and I'd already been in the hospital for 5 hours.  There I was in a wheelchair, 6 months pregnant with a suppressed immune system... right next to other patients who were throwing-up constantly. haha  Oh well, hopefully I won't end up in their ER again... I'm looking forward to delivery in their amazing maternity ward!  I took a hospital tour a while back and sheesh... they have a great set-up for expectant mothers!  I get my own room and my baby will stay with me the whole time, even for his first bath!  They also said I have a jacuzzi that I can use to move around in during labor.  Hope that helps!See ya there!
4	i don't know if i should be writing about a place where i work as a "temp", but here goes. as a registry (a person whom works for a contract agency that gets placed in different facilities on a day-to-day basis....not paid by the facility itself, but through the agency), i get a chance to work in many, many places in the valley. mostly scottsdale, some mesa, and rarely phoenix. i must say working "with" the scottsdale shea team has been a real pleasure. i don't get micromanaged which improves productivity tremendously. it's a beautiful campus, and all my "co-workers" and support staff have been nothing but extremely professional, friendly, and upbeat. they have been, by far, one of the best teams i've worked with. however, i have not (and hope not to be in the near future) a patient in any hospital, so i can't speak on that note. nor can i speak for being a bonafide employee...as a registry, i get some leeway on how i operate (don't have to go to staff meetings, but i do...), but i have throughly enjoyed being around so many educated and professional employees. if it came time, i would be ok with being taken care of by the staff at this hospital.
5	I know its an old line, but I only come here when I'm sick. My most recent experience was when I needed to pull off the side of the road because I was feeling nauseous. Well after it passed, I decide to continue on to my office. In retrospect this was not such a great idea since my nauseousness became much worse, so I headed home. At the time I wasn't thinking it was anything more that an aggressive form of the flu coming on. Well I made it the 101, so I was half way home when I started to feel abdominal cramps that reminded me of kidney stones. I arrived at Scottsdale Health and there were a few folk in front of me, but I guess my plastic bag and the noises I was making pushed me to the front of the line. I was in the ER in about 15 minutes and seeing a doctor about 15 minutes after that. Don't get me wrong, the reason for the five stars isn't the speed in which I saw a medical professional, but how I was treated and the competence and professionalism of the staff -- because at one point I was screaming at the top of my lungs for a painkiller. And, I do mean at the top of my lungs. How they handled me given the agony of my condition with three stones was impressive and the morphine wasn't that bad, either.   Feel free to LOL!  I am at home now resting comfortably as they say.
5	We just took a hospital tour here because my wife and I are planning on delivering our baby there. I'm not too familiar with hospitals but I think it's really cool that they even offer a tour so that you can familiarize yourself with the whole process. They also offer a ton of parental classes which we plan on taking. And I love how they have it set up to where your baby never leaves your sight after delivery.
2	I had my twins here, and ten days later I almost died here.   I am not sure if I would go back.  I am trying to figure out what I would do next time I am driven by ambulance to an ER. At least I know I won't bring my twins here, I recently discovered a great ER for children.
1	If there were a negative star for this hospital that's what I would give it. I had my daughter here after hearing what a great hospital it is to have a child. Let's forget that my Doctor never showed up and that his partner who had 2 years experience finally did the C-section after 15 hours of labor. Forget that she was in distress before they did anything, forget that I was in a labor room the whole time, forget that my blood pressure dropped so low that my brother had to alert them that I was passing out. Those things can happen. But I can't forget that when I was feeding my daughter the nurse told me she is either eating a lot or you are bringing the food home. Nice comment, excuse me "accusation". I will never forget that when my bandage that they use to support the cut from the c-section was being replaced by myself in the bathroom, the nurse, or whoever she was repremanded me when I went to throw it away. She told me "oh no, we wash them and re-use them". I was mortified!. I told her, "not on me we don't" Ok, so I will forget all of that. This is the thing I will never forget. "I got Mercer infection before I left the hospital and it was dismissed" When I called infectious deseases, they didn't even want to hear it, they never called me back. My wonderful Dr. told me I would have to take 2 rounds of a heavy duty anti-biotic and get my bandages changed every day and I would have to go into a clinic to have it done. Thank God I have good insurance and didn't have to do that. He never checked up on me. The hospital never followed up. This hospital is a DANGER!!!
4	I'll preface this review by saying that I've never been a fan of hospitals. My experience with hospitals growing up was always to visit friends or relatives that were sick or recovering from accidents, and I've never felt 100% comfortable at the site of blood, dealing with disease, or "scary" situations.  For these reasons, I really respect doctors, nurses, and all of the staff that work at hospitals to help those in need on a daily basis.All of that being said, I've seen my fair share of emergency rooms in the last few years, and for the most part, I've had decent experiences, even as the patient.  I've actually been to this Scottsdale Healthcare location three times already in the past eight months: twice for scares with the pregnancy and once for a breastfeeding class.  This is the hospital where my OB/GYN delivers, so naturally, this is where I'll be heading when Baby Mess is ready to enter the world... and I'm confident that I'll be in good hands when the time comes!I've heard great things about the facility itself, especially the labor/delivery area, from other friends that have delivered here.  And from my experience to date, the staff has always been great as well.  Parking can be tricky, but they do offer complimentary parking during the week... and the breastfeeding class I took was very informative.Bottom line: I don't think any hospital will ever be at the top of my list of "fun places to hang-out," but if you or someone you know is in a situation where medical help / a hospital is needed, you can't go wrong with Scottsdale Healthcare.  Fingers crossed, I'll still feel this same way after I deliver this baby!
4	The EMS has good stuff sometimes. Not that anyone on here knows what that means, but hey...
4	If you have to go to the emergency room or be in the hospital - This would be one of your better places to choose! The new waiting area is very nice, the rooms are always clean and the medical staff is top notch!
5	I delivered my son at Scottsdale Healthcare after hearing rave reviews from other mothers.  From the birthing classes to the delivery and the MOMs support group afterward, I've had amazing experiences from the staff and facility.  The only slightly negative comment I can offer would be the two triage nurses that we encountered after first arriving.  It was right before a shift change and I felt like the first nurse was annoyed we didn't wait 30 minutes before arriving so she didn't have to deal with us.  They also seemed annoyed that I preferred to wear a hospital gown I had purchase instead of the standard ones they were offering.  Even taking those two into consideration I'm grateful for the amazing experience every other staff member provided.  My labor was so long (lucky me) that I had two nurses once I was moved into the delivery room.  Nurse Amy and Nurse Robbie were the best support I could ever have imagined.  I won't consider delivering anywhere else but here for our next child.
5	So, I've been on a bit of a hiatus from yelping for the last two weeks or so, but with good reason... I delivered my incredible baby boy at this hospital and I've since been getting into the routine of being a mommy.My experience with labor and delivery at Scottsdale Healthcare Shea was top notch.  Everyone from the administrative people who I checked in with, to all of the doctors and nurses were amazing.  I went through 3 shifts of nurses during my labor/delivery, and they were fabulous!  My anesthesiologist was incredible too - thank goodness for that epidural!  And best of all, my OB/GYN was there for my actual delivery.  Once Mav made his appearance, we stayed at the hospital another 48 hours or so, and all of the hospital staff we dealt with there were wonderful as well.  One thing to note is that this hospital does not have a nursery.  Once your baby arrives, you are in the same room as the baby... nurses are there to help, but you can't just "send the baby to the nursery," as I hear you can do at other hospitals.  I was sleep deprived, but I didn't mind this as I was able to bond with Maverick right away.Other perks that I was impressed with were the size of the rooms, the fact that everything appeared clean and sanitized, the "room service" from the hospital cafeteria, the snacks available to patients, the videos available to help prepare you for being a parent, etc... but again, I cannot stress enough how impressed I was with the nurses.  Special kudos to Pam for getting me started and visiting after the baby came, Maggie for coaching me through the pushing, Cassie for her integral help post delivery, and all of the rest of the staff who I can't mention by name because I was in a drugged / hormonal state during my stay at this hospital.I'm not a huge fan of hospitals in general, but again, I had a fabulous experience here and wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hospital to anyone.
1	Gave birth to my daughter here in March. I was excited after hearing some great things about this hospital. The staff was rude and incompetent from the moment we walked in the door. The nurses acted like they were super annoyed anytime you needed anything. It took 6 of them to figure out how dilated I was which resulted in crazy amounts of pain and discomfort. It took forever to get into a room after waiting in labor 10 hours to finally have a planned c-section, and we were put in a holding room the first night. The room we were eventually put in was tiny and wasn't the one they had promised everyone when we took the tour and pre-registered. The food was horrible too. (yes, I'm aware hospitals food is never that decent!) This was supposed to be one of the most amazing experiences of my life and it was a complete nightmare. You're way better off at Desert Banner which is where we always have gone after this experience.Thank god for a great on-call surgeon (wouldn't you know my wonderful doctor went out of town that weekend) and a great team + anesthesiologist who made my birthing experience somewhat decent. Otherwise this place is horrible and I will avoid it like the plague. Please think before using their maternity services!!
4	Scottsdale Healthcare system is always good.
5	I went to Scottsdale Healthcare Shea for the many support groups and classes they offer. Most events are free to the public and are in place to serve the community.When I went to my first support group, it was run by a licensed psychologist (a big plus for support groups, as sometimes they can go a negative way and need someone there that can handle the sensitive topics). The group was warm and embracing! I felt at home and comfortable sharing my thoughts and ideas, all of which were received nicely. The group offered continued resources, tips, and ideas. If you're looking for classes, support groups, or events this is the place to go: http://www.shc.org/Events
5	Had our 3rd baby here and just can't say enough good things. Staff is knowledgable and friendly, place is clean and caters well to patients, and was fantastic for the delivery of all 3 of our kids all the way around!
4	J and I have been attending a Basic Birthing and Breathing prenatal class up at Shea for almost 3 weeks now.  Final class is tomorrow night - Breathing!  :)Great facility.  The parking lot infront of the main entrance is small.  I would suggest to other Yelpers to use valet, BUT, only if you're leaving prior to 8pm.  The valet lots are a little bit of a hike away (across the greenbelt), so if you're there after 8pm, you'll have to go get your own car.  Keys are left at the security desk infront of the main entrance.  But all in all a great facility.
5	My niece had her baby this morning at this hospital.  From my standpoint, I have absolutely no objections concerning the whole experience from the birthing center on the second floor to her after care room up on the third floor.  In fact, the staff was a little concerned that she wasn't calling them about every little concern that might affect her after having her second c section.  Having quite a lot of  prior experience with hospitals, getting five stars from me isn't all that easy but all went just that well today.Concerning the hospital cafeteria, the patty melt was surprisingly good, I think.  The onions rings were surprisingly bad so unless they look really fresh and warm, I'd suggest staying away from them.  Otherwise it was a good experience as to eating in the hospital cafeteria.
2	I went in with hopes that I would be blown away. Most of the crap I have done is at Del Web out in Sun City West. So I was excited that I would be having a procedure here and that I would be spoiled from everything I read and was told. My medical records were lost, I tried to warn the nurse that my veins roll and aren't happy with needles, she didn't care - until it happened to her. Then she wanted to hear all about what I had to say about which arm works better and why. A random nurse walked around telling everyone she was lost and didn't know where she was. Which again, 20 minutes before I am to go into Surgery was the LAST thing I wanted on my mind!! My medical record was eventually found - in recovery - however I was still I pre-op. they all laughed it off, I freaked out! One of the doctors on my team made it a point to tell everyone she had never worked with my surgeon before and she had no idea who she was looking for. I could go on and on. Why am I writing all of this? Because as a patient I shouldn't have had to hear ANY of this. I was more stressed going in, hoping the right procedure was being done with the right doctors than anything leading up to my surgery. The plus side. Private rooms, food delivered around the clock, and the volunteers that gave us a mini tour when I checked in. Otherwise, I'll stick to Del Web from here on out. As for my doctors, I'll review them separate.
5	This was the very first time I had ever been to this Hospital. I have been very lucky and not had to be to too many in my adult years.The first thing you notice here is the free Vallet parking, yes free. If you decide not to use it ,you may also park it yourself again for free.Not all hospitals can say that.The staff here was very nice, and on top of that very helpful. My Doctors office really told me little to nothing about what I was having checked prior to my surgery..But, all the lovely ladies I encountered and the Scottsdale Hospital told me every thing and explained every thing.I say Thank You Jesus for them, because I was feeling very confused about everything and very upset because, I felt unaware of what was going on.The hospital is clean, and every one that works there was so nice and helpful.Every dept. that I went to had more helpful and friendly people.If I ever have to have surgery again, this is where I would like to go.
4	Fast, clean, highly operational, NEWEST technology... The staff were ALL friendly, personable, and helpful from the receptionist to the nurse to the MRI scanner dood, to the PA to the doctor on hand.  Great location close to the 101 (also down the street from my house!!). My only complaint is -- As the night went on, the staff became a little rowdy and began singing a few pop songs (granted, it was 5am in the morning and I am known to get rowdy at 5pm at a desk job...).  I am glad they get along well (better than being hostile in a work environment!) -- but I was trying to sleep.  However, I would trade a few minutes of upbeat pop songs sung glee-style for the great care I received.  Also, it took a little while to get my MRI done since they were backed up (totally took care of me while waiting though!). Overall, great experience (considering the dire circumstances) and I will post if any additional updates.  Everyone really appeared friendly, caring, and compassionate -- which is great when you're in a time of need.  Also, they took time to explain things which I appreciated!
5	My husband is in the Oncology unit there as I write this. Yes, the rooms are dated, and finding your way around can be confusing, but his care has been excellent. From the emergency room to the staff in the unit the doctors, nurses, and other support staff have been kind, compassionate and very skilled. He has had the same day shift nurse for the last two days, and she is truly his advocate. My family has been going to this facility since it opened. At different times I have had some issues with them. However, they really have their act together now. It is a huge relief to me that he is getting the care he needs,
3	Sat in a cold room for about an hour in the emergency room and they didn't seem that busy.
4	Good staff and nurses. Always clean and always helpful with any questions I've had.
5	We have taken Birth Basics and Breathing at Scottsdale Shea. The instructor Janice really makes the class enjoyable. She is full of knowledge from being a labor and delivery nurse. Would recommend anyone going to deliver at Scottsdale Shea to take this class.
3	Review as a visitor, not a patient.I really hate hospitals. (Who doesn't, right?)I really hate THIS hospital. And I spend way more time here than I could wish on my worst enemy.My mom is sick - has been in and out of this hospital at least a half dozen times since January. I have gotten in far more time and range of departments than I ever could have wanted.Notes - The place is huge - if you go, wear comfortable shoes - you're gonna do a LOT of walking.Foodservice in the cafeteria SUCKS since Aramark took over. I really haven't had any food that actually tastes like food (salad bar included.) If you can, eat somewhere else.Currently undergoing remodeling/renovation. Many signs are down - look for staff, they are helpful in pointing you where you need to go.
1	The level of care is pretty poor.  My mother was just discharged (for a second time)...I brought her back after her first discharge because she was still sick.  She was originally discharged with a catheter, with pain meds that she's allergic to and without being able to have a bm.  I eventually had to take her to the ER, where we waited for five hours to be admitted.  None of the nurses bothered to read her chart so she was constantly explaining every detail.  This is really bad because my mother wasn't completely coherent.  I couldn't believe they kept pushing pain meds on her that she was allergic to...her allergies were listed on a big red band on her wrist!  But this was ignored.  I could go on for quite a while but I'll just end it here.
5	This is a long overdue review of my wife and I (well, more my wife than I....) using this hospital to deliver our son in June 2013.  The whole experience from the initial tour, to the pregnancy/newborn classes, to registration, to labor, to delivery, to checkout, was top notch.  Every one of the hospital's staff we came in contact with was professional, friendly, courteous, and experienced.  I would recommend this hospital to anyone having a baby.I do, however, have 2 negative comments:1 - the room service food is not very good and is ridiculously expensive.  I would give the food like 2 yelp stars.2 - They seriously need to reconsider the accommodations given husbands (or anybody else staying with a person during labor/delivery).  I have never been more uncomfortable in my life.  The people here can save lives but can't figure out how to procure a comfortable sleeping apparatus (cot, roll-away, etc.) to put in the rooms.  It is all a blur now and all I can remember was a recliner and some other small chair that somehow turned into an awful "bed"Normally I would take away a star because of #1 and #2 above, but since I have a happy and healthy baby and wife I won't.
5	It's kind of shitty to write a review of a hospital, it generally means something not so great happened. I was in an accident on Friday morning an taken here. I'm still pretty new to az and haven't had the need to visit a hospital so they took me to whatever was closest. Having no opinion or knowledge is hard especially during times of trama. The people on the ambulance were great and worked quickly to make sure I was safe and comfortable. I'm not sure if they work for the hospital, chances are they don't, but they deserve a shout out. So I was brought in for the accident and treated right away. One time back in MA I was in an accident and had to wait about 45 to get treated. This time around I had the paramedics with me, the nurses and the doctors. The doctor came in and held my hand and talked me thru everything. It was really comforting since my parents or boyfriend hadn't arrived yet. The x-ray techs too, their time and I know they were just doing their job but I was in a lot of pain and really uncomfortable. I wish they gave me at least Advil or something when I had to get that done. I'm not a big pain pill person but it might have been necessary at that point. Anyway I was in and out pretty quick with a ton of swelling and bruising but nothing broken. I think the staff did great and even boyfriend commented on how nice of a hospital that was. I hope I don't have to go back there but if I do then it should be good.
5	It sucks to be sick. But if you're gonna be sick enough to be in the hospital, this is the hospital you want to be in.Flashback a couple months, when I had a high fever with some odd symptoms (blue splotchy skin?).  My doc took one look at me and told me to go straight to the E.R.So of course I didn't. I went home, packed a little bag w/ a few essentials, and thought about where I might want to be stuck for 2 or 3 nights (cuz I knew I was going to be admitted). Although I've been a patient w/ excellent care at St. Joes, I selected Scottsdale Shea because it was so nice when I had a 3 day stay after surgery a few years back, and the E.R. wasn't as busy (you can see wait times for their E.R. at http://fastertimes.org/ )I get there a couple hours later, they triage me fast, and after about 30 minutes in waiting area, they got me back to E.R. Quickly looked me over, brought in the right people, tests ordered, fast process overall and in 2.5 hours I was in my own room.13 days, folks. That's how long I was there.  That's a long time (to me, anyway). EVERYONE who cared for me was awesome- the nursing staff (RNs, NAs)  was attentive, competent, friendly, never waited for any meds.  If something was wrong, they listened and took me seriously and followed through with testing, etc.  My treatment was explained to me by the several doctors that were following my case.  In addition, I had much of the same staff again and again, so that really helped.Other details: my room was very clean, the nursing staff did their best to protect my sleeping (no throwing on bright lights, etc). Food: you do get to select/order your own food unless you have some special restriction in place. Food is OK for say, 2-3 days, but after that I was done w/ boring Aramark hospital food. The quality was fine, but let's face it, it's hospital food and they aren't a restaurant. So if your stay is going to be longer than a couple days, prepare a visitor or two to bring you in something from "the outside".
5	Great hospital! Great employees. Great location. Also a great place to work for health care professionals :-)
5	on March 26TH 2014, I was sent to this hospital from an urgent care.  they were afraid my heart would quit.  Walked in the door at10:00AM, everything went so fast, I was getting a pace maker at 5PM and left the hospital at 11:00AM the 27TH.   I'm from  Wisconsin, been around three hospitals in the Milwaukee area.  I'm glad it happened in Scottsdale.  this hospital and all the employees could not be better.  when having an eco cardiogram, the gal said, I have five more pictures,  I'm going to go out and call for your ride, then come back and finish.  when she wheeled me out, my ride was there.  Food is great, order off a menu when you are ready to eat.  I was the most important.  They had me in ICU before they even checked me in.  I walked in not from an ambulance.
5	Love this hospital! We had our baby here and everyone there, from the front desk, billing to all of the nurses were extremely helpful and always pleasant. The nurses here really make this hospital!! Every nurse we had for every shift for 5 days was amazing!!!
5	NATURAL BIRTH AT THE HOSPITAL...I delivered our son here in February and was very nervous as I am from the UK everyone at home has their baby delivered by a midwife at a hospital with barely any intervention at all. I didn't even really know what an OBGYN was before I moved to the states!Looking into it, I had two options here in Scottsdale; go to a birthing center and then transfer to a hospital if there is an emergency, or go to a hospital and risk unnecessary medical interventions. This was very scary. I knew that I wanted a natural birth and labor, but from hearing about the 96% epidural rate at this place was not sure that it was the place to go. The idea of a birthing center seemed more like the experience I wanted but with this being my first baby and my family being 1000's miles away, I opted to go to Scottsdale Shea.I can only say that I was so pleasantly surprised. The birthing classes are certainly steered towards epidurals and drugs and most of the women at the classes seemed keen to hear about what drugs they could take and when, which was great for them, as each to their own. I had to dig a little deeper and ask a few more questions to the instructor during the break. Whilst the breathing exercises seemed silly at the time, my husband encouraged me to practice them everyday, and when I went into labor they seemed like second nature!I was able to deliver a 7lb 3oz baby at Scottsdale Shea completely naturally with only a small tear. I did take a few Tylenol afterwards for the next three weeks, but that was fine with me!The staff were very encouraging and supportive, if a little curious about how I wanted to breath and swear through it, but I am so glad that I went there. Baby was perfectly healthy and took only 6 hours to arrive.Two small (tiny) criticisms - there was no shower gel, don't forget yours as you will really really want to shower! and as a previous yelper wrote, the bed for my husband was terrible! expect for your partner to get no sleep what so ever! I will definitely go there again next time.
5	Been here since monday.. have had nothing but great service. And it's like everyone really does care. I had the best night nurse you could ask for Chris. She's all about your comfort and having the best stay and makes sure she does everything in her power to make you feel comfortable.  I would recommend to anyone!
5	A middle of the night visit to Scottsdale Shea's ER with one of my kids prompted me to write this review. All went well. Checked in at 2:00 a.m. Out by 5:00. Cared for by a great team of professionals.The experience prompted memories of family visits for a broken wrist, a bad ankle, an appendix about to burst, a Thanksgiving day slit wrist (unintentional), abdominal pain, infection... I'd like to complain about all of these visits, but care was exceptional in all cases. While this review relates specifically to the ER, over the years our family has also had outpatient surgery at the Piper Center, abdominal surgery in the main hospital, an extended stay by an elderly family member... even a birth. Great location. Great doctors. Great nurses. Great staff.
5	Tonight my 3 yo son fell and split his chin open. It's never fun to go to ER, but I am so grateful for the experience we had tonight, everything went so smoothly. Cassie immediately introduced herself and brought toys and crayons for my son and his older brother. She introduced us to each person who came to help. Nurse Andy and Dr Winter were both very friendly, and Cassie brought supplies to show our son what would be happening when he was getting stitches. Even as they got busier and more kids came in, she was very kind and patient. He got three stitches while watching 101 Dalmatians- I was pleasantly surprised at how good the experience was for bad circumstances. Thanks so much to the staff of Scottsdale Healthcare.
4	This review is based on level of service. Not as a patient but as a visitor. My recent experiences were due to the birth of my niece. Complimentary valet is offered once you pull into to visit. They are busy but very friendly. The moment you walk in the volunteers at the front desk are so sweet and helpful. Matter of fact they give you detailed instructions on how to locate the rooms. They basically go above and beyond. The hospital is very well kept and clean. The room where my sister-in-law stayed was in order. I observed the nurse staff throughout the day who were all super friendly. I liked how they handled all situations to make sure she was comfortable at all times. I have to say that if I ever got sick this would be my hospital of choice due to the level of experience I witnessed during my visits.
5	Delivered my first baby at this hospital last weekend. Was thoroughly impressed with everybody I encountered. The facility is beautiful, every room in labor and delivery has a window, and they have great amenities (including a spa, if that's your type of thing!). The food was decent for hospital food and can be ordered on the tv with ease, the free valet is so convenient, and the nursing staff were knowledgable, friendly and very helpful. I adored the lullaby that they play throughout the hospital when a baby is born, it was so sweet to hear throughout the day. I stayed a little over 2 days, and I have no complaints.
4	My policy on Hotels of Health is if I'm not treated in one, no five stars. Scottsdale Healthcare's Emergency Room  well-equipped, the staff from Doctors and nurses to Case Managers attentive, professional and informative. Parking? Needs a three story garage.
1	Scottsdale Health Care use to be a great place to work but, they have lost their direction. The way they treat employees if they are injured is unbelievable!!! If you have a choice of which hospitals to work at,I would strongly suggest exploring your other choices.
