5	We've ordered a number of things on this dish, including the Peking Duck 3-course meal which requires 24-hours advanced reservation.  For the price we paid, it was fantastic.  It comes as a peking duck wrap with store bought hoisin sauce for dipping, a veggie soup with duck meat, and a stirfry with duck meat, complementary white rice.  In previous visits, we've also ordered the chow fun (substitute lamb meat in for beef if you are so inclined for an extra dollar), the cashew chicken, and other stir fry dishes. I like the light, savory sauces. The smoothies are a bit on the sugary side, but you can ask for less sweetness. When it first opened, I was worried that even in spite of the food quality, it would not get enough business. Now on most nights, there's a good critical mass of dine in and eat out clientele. I'm eager to try the lunch specials, which seem pretty cheap relative to what you'd pay at other places for the quantities. * * * ------  Below was my first review in 2010, I took the liberty of updatingThis restaurant just opened up less than a month ago, and I'm the first to be a reviewer! Since I've only eaten here once, I will reserve the right to repost a new review in several months' time.I ate here yesterday, on a Sunday evening in sleepy Sun Prairie town field ston ville, where the selection is small and the chain sandwich shops are a plenty.The appetizer sampler for two consisted of calamari, battered shrimp, potstickers, an eggroll cut in half, and char-sue bbq pork slices. We ordered the winter duck with stir fry veggies and white rice.  Bill came to about 17 bucks plus taxes.I also overheard the nice young waiter tell us that the owner is a former chef at Imperial Garden in Madison, one of the better Chinese restaurants in town (on the West side and East side, like most other things in this isthmus linked college campus town) apart from my near and dear beloved Hong Kong Wok in Hilldale. I would highly recommend local Sun Prairie-ites try this place out, it's very clean, nice furniture, leather back seats, and there's parking out front (which I'm not a huge fan of from an urban planning standpoint). Next time, I'm going to order the Ma Poh tofu and the Cashew Chicken, a litmus test of Chinese food for the Midwest.
4	I was able to get a 1/2 and 1/2 dish, it was Cashew Shrimp and Calamari.  The calamari was a light battered set of large squid rings.  I haven't seen anything like this, it was like looking at onion rings.  They were absolutely delicious.  My husband had the sweet & sour chicken.  Because it was served with vegetables & fruit, it made the chicken very tasty.  The batter on the chicken was light and fluffy.  I would highly recommend giving this place a shot.
5	I have a confession.I'm playing for the other team now.  Yes, that's right.  I was having a love affair with Chang Jiang, but we broke up.  Now I'm hot and heavy with House of Mei, and I like it.  ALOT.  I'll admit, I've been around the block a bit, ain't no shame in it.  But House of Mei literally has THE BEST Chinese food in Sun Prairie now.  I'm not saying best in all of Madison, just Sun Prairie.  Dang good!  Oh baby you know what I like!
5	My only regret is that we probably won't be in Sun Prairie, WI again so we can't go here again.  This is a great little place & we enjoyed our lunch and time here very much.  Note that there is a set lunch period of 11-2:30pm then they close for a bit before reopening for dinner.  Loved the food, the service, and the simple, peaceful beauty of the place.  Only thing is I would have preferred quiet music instead of the flat screen TV that played weather and other newsy stuff.  Somehow the TV didn't destroy the peacefulness of the place, though, but quiet music could have been better & less distracting.  It's possible that other times they do have music, because we noticed the wall-mounted Bose speakers.Egg rolls were a complimentary part of our lunch menu selections.  We had chicken egg rolls and they were crispy and delicious.  I had mu shu chicken (sp?) and it was really excellent- very flavorful sauce & nice variety of flavors & textures for the filling.  We also had fruit smoothies.  They had a huge selection of smoothie flavors.  I had the banana blueberry and it was a little too sweet for me, but still good.   If we lived in the area we would definitely become regulars.  We had two lunch menu dishes plus two fruit smoothies and our bill before tip was under $21, so great price for the experience.  Thanks to all the local yelpers who reviewed this place so we could learn about it!!!!
5	Very intimate place, very clean. This was part of our Sun Prairie experience we really enjoyed. It made driving 300 miles for our dog's surgery much more enjoyable. For appetizer we had the egg rolls, BEST egg rolls we have ever had! Seriously! Crispy outside with meat inside not just cabbage or some unidentifiable shit. It was a very hot day so we had fruit smoothies which were awesome. You can choose from a wide variety of fruit and there is no bad choice.My wife had mu shu chicken which she loved, I had sesame chicken which was ok but I have had better. If it had some broccoli or other veggie it would have been better. The owner came out and talked to us and could not have been nicer. Sun Prairie seemed like a super nice town. Not sure if we will ever be back, but if so House of Mei will be one of our stops.
4	The hard part about moving to a new city is finding restaurants to satisfy any cravings.  We got take out from House of Mei because of proximity and Yelp reviews, and we were not disappointed!  The food was fresh and not greasy like many Chinese restaurants.  We got the steamed dumplings, shrimp fried rice, mu shu pork, sizzling beef pepper steak and chicken with almond sauce.  The shrimp in the fried rice was a good size not the frozen little baby shrimp like other places.  The entrees were not too saucy, they were just right.  There were so many other entrees we wanted to try, can't wait to go back!
5	I ordered takeout online. I love the convenience of being able to do that. When I got there the woman behind the counter was very friendly. My food was up just a minute later. The food was still piping hot when I got home a few minutes later. It was also packaged very neatly, no leaky sauces coating the inside of the bag.We got pork fried rice, shrimp rangoon, seafood hot & sour soup, and sesame chicken. The portions were huge. I think we'll have enough left over for lunch and dinner again tomorrow. The fried rice was very savory and would be wonderful on a cold snowy day when you want something to warm you from the inside out.The soup was delish and my favorite part of the meal. The different textures made it delightful and it was so warm and flavorful!The sesame chicken came with the sauce on the side which kind of threw me at first, reminded me of sweet & sour chicken. The sauce was good though and the chicken seemed to be a higher quality than the breaded chicken you sometimes get at a Chinese place. I usually order a meat/veggie main dish as opposed to a breaded chicken dish so I'm anxious to try other things there.I hadn't had shrimp rangoon before, it was good.I think I may have a new Chinese favorite spot in Sun Prairie.
5	I loved this place! Friends of ours took us here and the first thing I noticed was that it was clean, which is always a bonus. The women was very nice and the food was great. It tasted very fresh! Would make the extra 15 minute drive to pick this up!
4	I ate here with a group for lunch on a Thursday. We arrived around 12:30pm and were one of only three groups in the restaurant. Our orders were taken quickly and we had great service on drinks and soup.It took quite a while to get our food. Several groups came in quickly after us and they were definitely busy. It seemed like there were only two people working in the whole place.Once the food finally arrived, it was great! Everyone was more than pleased with their dishes. Also, the smoothies were great! They have many flavors and all of the ones we ordered were winners.I will definitely eat here again!
5	DeliciousConvenientExcellent ServiceSeriously, it's that simple.
5	Excellent food! Clean and friendly atmosphere. They have an excellent website that allows customers to order on line and your order is ready when you arrive. We have only had carry out, have not dined in but it looks like a very comfortable place to dine in as well. Excellent all around!
4	I ate here for the first time on Saturday and I must say it was very good,. the place was very clean, the service was great.  Nice sized portions you get a lot.                               I will definitely be back again. Loved it!!!
3	I was excited to try this play because of the raving reviews, but I found it to be rather average. It wasn't the best I've ever had nor was it gross. It was just "typical." The staff were incredibly helpful and friendly, though!
4	Great Chinese! I stopped in for carry out and ordered the chicken lo mein, sweet and sour chicken, Singapore beef, hot and sour soup, and spring rolls.  All the entrees were delish and piping hot by the time I made the 10 min drive home. The ingredients were fragrant and fresh, and not greasy like other Chinese restaurants I've been to.  The only negative feedback I have at all would be for the spring rolls to be smaller (the were bigger than the average egg roll) and for the hot and sour soup to have more of that sour twist at the end.  Other than that I would highly recommend this place and will definitely be back!
5	delicious!! Highly recommend.
5	Excellent food by a great staff. They were prompt, kind and welcoming! I will definitely go back as I have not found a Chinese restaurant in the area that comes close to this standard.
4	My husband and I have been fans of getting appetizers, the grilled pot stickers and the shrimp lettuce wraps are enough to keep us satisfied.  Very tasty shrimp and vegetable bits in iceberg lettuce is so fresh and tasty.  The pot stickers didn't have too much dough and the sausage style mix is so tasty.  For an extra treat we occasionally have crab rangoon and it's yummy.  House of Mei is one of the tastiest restaurants.
4	B and I were on the way up the her parents for Christmas and needed to find some place for lunch.  Add to this, she wasn't feeling so hot.  The egg drop soup really fit the bill that day.  The other dishes (I think general's pork, but can't be sure) were good too.  The portions were huge and the prices were very reasonable.  Also the ladies that run it were very friendly.  Definitely a good stop on our trip.
5	It's been four years now that I've been eating at House of Mei in Sun Prairie. The quality has been consistently good, due to Chef Susan, her husband, and her sister harmonizing the flavors in their menu. The food I gravitate tends to be on the saltier and greasy side (Mah Poh tofu always adds pounds to me the day after), but it's good and hearty, and not the greasy Americanized Chinese food that you'll encounter at places such as Panda Express.I love the shrimp with lobster sauce, the mah poh tofu, the garlic eggplant, mooshoo pork/chicken, and their egg drop soups.  Their crab rangoon (rolling my eyes for its lack of authenticity the whole world over) is rather good and piping hot.The prices are oddly deflated, it must be a factor of the Sun Prairie prices being competitive. I've catered from here, gotten take out, and eaten in with my family.  I'm a huge fan, and hope they continue to thrive here.
5	Absolutely delicious! My wife and I have been here three times now and have been totally satisfied each time. I always order the house chicken (sweet, mildly spicy, high quality chicken). Word to the wise, one entree is enough for two people!! Also, try the grilled potstickers...you'll be happy you did!
4	I enjoy eating here and whenever we need a place for Chinese and want to leave the confines of our home we head on over. We have also placed our order while shopping in Sun Prairie to take home for supper. We have never been disappointed in the quality of food. What has been slightly disappointing the last two visits is the service when dining in.Our food is ordered and brought to our table in a very timely fashion but then when we are finished we have to ask for to go boxes and the bill because they haven't checked back with us. One night this was with, what I presume to be, a new employee and she was overwhelmed. Last night, 6/24/14, there really was no excuse as we were basically the only patrons in the place. This being said, it won't deter us from coming back. The food is always excellent!
4	I walked in on a Sunday, I think.  It was dead. It was so dead, I thought about leaving. There was only one other table occupied by a family of four--a mom, a dad, and two kids around nine or ten.  They had already ordered by the looks of it, so I decided to take a chance.I sat myself in the corner booth that had a good view of the Brewer game and perused the menu.  It looked pretty standard fare and-- holy crap!  The family that is there?  I went to high school with that couple. Well, they weren't a couple when we were in high school.  She was sort of a nerdy girl, but sweet, and he was a total douchebag.  They actually got married?  What the hell! I almost asked her to prom!I ordered sweet and sour chicken--a pretty standard go-to for me.  If I go someplace new, that's my baseline. If they screw that up, I know they can't do anything right.  I honestly can't believe those two got married, though.  They didn't really date in high school. Maybe they went to the same college and things happened then.  Those kids are the same age as my kid, so that makes sense.  If they got married after college, had a year or two of domestic bliss, and then fired up the babymaker, I get that.  I see how it could happen. That's how it went with me.The waitress brought the sweet-and-sour chicken, and it was solid.  I'm not going to say that it was the best Chinese I've ever had.  In fact, I'm not certain it was any different than any other Chinese I've had in the greater Madison area.  The rice was just rice.  The chicken wasn't high quality, but it tasted pretty good.  Look--I'll level with you:  I was pretty sure those two would recognize me, but she looked directly through me without recognition.  Granted, I'm taller and heavier than I was in high school, and wearing a hat and a goatee (she's never seen me with facial hair), but damn--I went to her birthday party when I was a sophomore.  It was the only party I was ever invited to, really.  Her parents were pretty persnickety born-again types.  It wasn't really a good time, but still--I was grateful for the invite.I'm not the best expert on Chinese food, but I liked what I ate. I think, if I'm in the mood for a chicken-based Asian dish, I'd rather go to Sarku Japan for chicken teriyaki, but I can't hate on anything they do at House of Mei.  They don't have the greatest parking lot, but the interior is nice for an older restaurant.  I'd go back in a heartbeat. I just hope I don't run into old classmates that I'd rather not run into while I'm there.  I don't have anything against either of them, I just don't have a thing to say to them. And I'm bad at small talk. I can't act interested in things I'm not interested in, and I know her type--she would have wanted me to meet her kids and she would have acted like they were the greatest humans to ever walk the Earth, and I just know that wouldn't be true. I don't really like kids. I like my kid only because she's mine, and she's funny.  Most kids, to me, are sort of wastes of space. I think I don't like to try to get to know them because of my social anxiety disorders.  Who knows, really?  I'm just glad I was able to get out of there without any sort of glad-handing and fake conversation about how amazing it was to run into each other twenty years after high school.  I didn't attend the class reunion for a reason.  House of Mei--I'd go back.  You're not too bad.
4	We recently moved to Sun Prairie and wanted to try out a new Chinese place. We are always hesitant in trying out new Chinese places, but have been pleasantly surprised by the House of Mei.  The shrimp Rangoon is really good.  I have enjoyed the chicken and broccoli and the shrimp lo mein.  The grilled potstickers are good.y husband for the beef and seafood, which was fantastic!  I would appreciate it if you could get fried rice with your entree, but they will not do that even for an upcharge.  We have only picked up so far, but the inside is surprisingly nice for how small it looks on the outside! Plenty of dining space.  The staff is really nice on the phone and in person when picking up.  The prices are also very reasonable.
4	Yum. Moo Shoo Chicken and House Pork. Both were great. Just what I would have expected after hearing so many great things about House of Mei. I had read before heading there that it was never busy over the lunch hour, which made it a great place for a business lunch. The service was very friendly. I enjoyed that interaction as much as the food. True to the review we were only one of two parties in there. I will definitely be back and look forward to trying more items off the menu. The prices were fantastic for the portions. Especially off of the lunch menu.
3	Great food, poor service. Just picked up an order for lettuce wraps and three eggs rolls.. Was over charged and the cashier didn't understand English well enough to comprehend what we were trying to explain... Ended up just giving up and paying. Next time we'll order online to avoid the miscommunication and pay the correct prices.
4	If you're looking for fresh, tasty Chinese in the East Madison and Sun Prairie area, this place is a great choice. Though the ambiance is more hole in the wall then restaurant,  it more than makes up for it in its extensive menu and large portions.My group and I started out with pot stickers (some of the best I've had) and spring rolls. From there we moved on to Chow Fun, Lo Mein, Mongolian Beef, and Mu Shu Chicken. All of the dishes were very good, and not overly seasoned. The Mongolian Beef in particular was very rare, but absorbed the sauce and was not overcooked.Service was good (we were the only group in the restaurant) and I would definitely recommend it as a solid Chinese food choice.
