5	Before getting in this, I should tell you that my trips to the grocery store are awesome. See, I only cook for myself (and extended friends and family on occasion) most of the time, so I don't buy that much food. But I walk into this place and the amount of delicious food just keeps me there for an hour. I always end up walking out with chicken breasts, arrabiata pasta sauce, some sort of bread, and cheese. They have a great selection of cheeses. I don't know if you like cheese, but I do, so I load up there. I like to go to Fresh n Easy because it's so much faster and cleaner than any other grocery store in town. Their prices are fair, and all their owned-brand stuff is pretty good about not having trans fats or HFCS or things like that. It's not a major reason that I go there, but it's good to know their options are a little bit healthier. I go there quite a bit and have never had a problem with the staff or anything like that. It's really my go-to place!
4	Great selection of meat, cheese and wine. Exactly what I need in my life. Easy check out, not crowded and very clean. Highly recommend
5	I love this location so much. I went in here four days in a row (yes I know). There was a different clerk in there every day. They were all so friendly! Any isle I walked down I was greeted. Also, there's never anyone in there! Regardless I love finding little deals like a wonderful loaf of sour dough bread for 2 bucks! F&E is great to find same day dinner meals. Foods that are 3 days to expire will be marked down sometimes more than half off. Snag them and there's dinner! Also, can't beat the organic non GMO selection
4	I became a fan of this place when I lived in CA for six months- right before they were bought out and started shutting down locations left and right. I gave up hope of ever eating their sweet onion cashews ever again when we moved to LV.And then I randomly drove past one and nearly crashed my car craning my neck to see if they were open or not.Later, I safely drove myself to this location.And hallelujah- the great prices and fresh food are back in my life! There are several signs up stating that the clearance products are now in their original departments with new pricing stickers rather than sequestered to a specific area of the store- wonder if this is due more to their lack of staff or to increase likelihood of clearance food actually selling?Either way, I'm pretty sure every single thing I bought was on clearance- bag salad kits, taco-chili seasoned chicken breast, a supreme pizza, various oven- and stove-ready vegetable dishes, and even a baking sheet I'm in need of since our move. All for the treasure-trove price of $21. This is why I F&E.There is signage out front indicating that this location recently changed their hours to be open 24/7- which is awesome! Now I just need to buddy up to staff and find out when they do their markdowns.
4	Make sure to get the fresh & easy card to get discounts and points. You'll find cards hanging above the register
1	This is only my second time at Fresh and Easy. This place STINKS!! The food is WAY over priced. Bought a salad for lunch, small, big hunk of core in it, and almost $6. For some lettuce and 2 strawberries. No thank you. I'll stop at the gas station across the street and try my luck there.On a side note, the employee was very polite. Just expensive expensive!!!!!
1	My wife wanted some flowers, so I stopped in to fresh n easy for first time. While wife was spending time at the flowers area, I explored to see what they have and make a note of prices. I wanted some fruit. I noticed half rotten mangos for 2.39 each. What a rip off!! They had small packages of cherries selling for 7.99. the top one was only half full. Maybe some one was grazing instead of buying. Over all the prices seemed sky high on everything. The high prices make no sense to me, as they dont have hardly any employees. They have the stupid self serve checkout with a security guy and cashier lady overseeing the customer purchases.     Why would people pay more for the same exact things that are readily available elsewhere for much lower prices? I dont know.   Another wierd thing I noticed while waiting in car for wife, was the customers mostly were women. most customers bought only one or two items.    Definitely not a place to go stock up on groceries. Will I be shopping fresh n easy again, ever?   EEEK ME THINKS NOT!!!!!!!
3	I really miss the older selection of items that this store used to carry. I live out of state and this is usually my favorite grocery store to go to but every time I come here something is different. It's still a good store to shop at but I really miss the items that the store used to carry such as their handmade burritos and fajita kits amongst other items that aren't being sold anymore. The section that used to carry green vegetables such as spinach and lettuce is now being occupied by everyone's favorite elk urine flavored beverage better known as Bud and Miller Lite. I will still shop here occasionally in the future but most of the changes after a one year absence are such a huge let down.
