5	I visited Dr. Meyer's office for the first time yesterday for a skin exam and mole removal procedure.  I was seen by Jessica, a nurse practioner, and she was fabulous.  I was extremely nervous about the mole removal, but she was calming and put me at ease.  The procedure was painless, and I am going back on Monday to take care of some others.  I would highly reccommend Jessica to anyone who needs dermatological care.  All of the ladies in the office were wonderful as well.  They were so sweet and accomodating.  I have found a life-long dermatology practice.  Thank you!
5	I want to let everyone know that if you have skin issues and want someone with not only an incredible bedside manner, and a wonderful staff, but someone who takes it to heart with all of your concerns this is the place for you! Having moved from Ohio and discovering skin cancer on my back Sharon, was phenomenal to talk to and have by my side with Dr. Meyers. It's good to see wonderful energy and relationships in the office which puts you immediately at ease. Dr. Meyers is down to earth and wonderful to talk to. He is very open and you feel as if you are the only patient he has.I had several cancer areas removed, which by the way he is extremely good at MOH's and barely leaves a scar, I then realized all of the other wonderful more fun procedures he did. I just had the C02 laser procedure and some filler done and I feel like a new women!! I want to say thank you from the bottom of my heart for being such a wonderful doctor and taking such good care of the critical issues and also being so meticulous and a perfectionist at having some of the more "fun" procedures. Which I probably wouldn't have done in Ohio and feel so blessed to have found such a wonderful, so versatile professional dermatologist!
5	I want to let everyone know that if you have skin issues and want someone with not only an incredible bedside manner, and a wonderful staff, but someone who takes it to heart with all of your concerns this is the place for you! Having moved from Ohio and discovering skin cancer on my back Sharon, was phenomenal to talk to and have by my with Dr. Meyers. It's good to see wonderful energy and relationships in the office which puts you immediately at ease. Dr. Meyers is down to earth and wonderful to talk to. He is very open and you feel as if you are the only patient he has.I had several cancer areas removed, which by the way he is extremely good at MOH's and barely leaves a scar, I then realized all of the other wonderful more fun procedures he did. I just had the C02 laser procedure and some filler done and I feel like a new women!! I want to say thank you from the bottom of my heart for being such a wonderful doctor and taking such good care of the critical issues and also being so meticulous and a perfectionist at having some of the more "fun" procedures. Which I probably wouldn't have done in Ohio and feel so blessed to have found such a versatile professional dermatologist!
2	I started going to New Leaf in July 2012 after looking for Isolaz providers online. The site looked reputable and the office was close by. I called and explained I wanted to buy the Isolaz package which was $550. They sold me the package and I came in for my first visit. At that visit, there was some confusion in the office and ultimately they hadn't communicated that I was a new patient which requires a visit with the doctor. So, they got that taken care of and I talked to the doctor very briefly and they had me then do a session of Isolaz. I came in for my second session (after a lot of scheduling back and forth issues) and again had the Isolaz treatment. There was a lot of trouble again getting me in, but I came in for my third session and once I was in the room, they informed me that the Isolaz was broken with no ETA on fixing it. They let me know another laser would be used on me. The doctor wasn't available to explain to me the benefits of this laser or anything about it. I went ahead and had the treatment, but let them know I wanted to meet with the doctor again to understand the treatment plan/any changes to the plan. I am trying to solve and issue, not just come in for random laser treatments. At this point there was a ton of back and forth in terms of scheduling issues, me explaining the situation and them understanding why I felt I needed to see the doctor again, etc. It was so difficult I ended up just letting it be for a couple months. Then, I called back and we got the appointment set up. I explained I wanted to see the doctor so that he could hear the various issues I was having and provide me with the best treatment plan (instead of just sticking me under this or that laser). At that appointment, he just pushed doing the laser and I couldn't clearly get a plan. Microdermabrasion came up but he mentioned I'd have to talk to someone else about that and she wasn't there (she called me the next day but was confused about what I wanted and nothing was integrated). Also, a nurse came in to ask him something and all the sudden he was gone and on to another patient without answering all my questions or issues. I don't think I ever spent more than 3-5 minutes in a room with him. After that appointment I decided just to go elsewhere. I called and explained the situation again and asked for a refund for the remainder of my package. After calling twice, and no one ever calling me back, I just gave up and wrote the money off as a loss. Then, recently I got an office visit bill for them for the second appt with the doctor I wrote about above. Before I had this appointment, they assured me because of all the issues I wouldn't be charged a visit fee. This bill required I get back into the whole situation, so I called. The receptionist had me leave a message for someone else who didn't call me back. I called again, and then was called back. I was told due to the terms and conditions they could not provide a refund but only finish the laser treatments. I let them know I didn't want to come back, but that I wanted to clear up the other bill sent to me. She wasn't able to do anything about that, so I got the billing contact who I will call tomorrow and tell the story to again. Whew! So much time on the phone and complications. I want to say that the receptionist and the lady in charge of cosmetic treatments (Natasha), as well as my laser technician (I think Sharon), were all very, very nice. The doctor was a nice guy too. The office just seems to be really unorganized, no one knows what is going on, and the doctor doesn't really care to spend any time with you. I considered writing a review a couple times over the past year, but held off because I didn't want to make a big deal about it, but at this point I've just put so much wasted time into this, I thought a fair review would be appropriate. I did find another dermatologist who is amazing, and spent over 30 minutes in my initial meeting with me. Hopefully I can figure out this situation with New Leaf and move on, just not the right fit.
5	Good place.  The Dr. gets you in and out fairly quickly, nice waiting room, and the staff is friendly but not overly chatty.
5	I had a great experience with Dr Meyers, and his wonderful nurse, Michelle!  I had an abnormal mole that needed to be removed. Dr Meyers was upfront with me and had me come back to remove it. Being extremely anxious, Michelle and Dr Meyers took extra care to explain everything happening and to help me feel comfortable. I got my results within a week and am cancer free, but I am thankful for these wonderful people!
1	I hate doing bad reviews, but this experience warrants it. I've seen Dr. Meyer's on and off for a few years. I mostly saw his great PA Jessica, but she's been gone for 2 years now so I was stuck seeing him last week. I thought it would be ok, he's been pretty good in the past.This visit he was 50 minutes past my appointment time. He breezed in without apologizing for how late he was, didn't even greet me. I came in for a rash problem I've had before and removal of some skin spots. I made both these issues known at the time I made the appointment.He looked at the rash and rudely said, "haven't I seen you for this before?" I said yes, but I didn't remember what medicine to take. He didn't speak after that. He literally did all this in 2 minutes. He then said "ok, that's it right?" When I told him about the other reason I was there, he immediately said, "no you will have to make an appointment to come back for that".I told him that I didn't understand why he'd say this since I booked an appointment for exactly this reason.  I have a $50 co-pay and I'd spent 2 hours travelling and waiting to see him.  He very reluctantly obliged me (trust me he was not subtle at his annoyance), but did the procedure.  Only he did it a different way that I believe was quicker for him and not going to last as long for me. I'm sick and tired of rude doctors who have no respect for their patients. Listen Mr. Rich Doctor, I don't pay $50 to see you for two minutes and be disrespected. My time is valuable too.  I don't make a lot of money and I pay you for a 15 min appointment.I see he has changed the name of his practice and it appears his focus is more on cosmetic dermatology now......i,e.  charging people lots of money for crap like poison Botox and fillers and lasers.  I guess real skin work is now for someone else. If he doesn't want to do old fashioned dermatology work - then tell your people at the front desk to not make appointments for people.Time to find a doctor who respects his patients. Good luck to me!
