5	FOURTH MEAL!  24 hour drive thru!And it's right off the 101 so coming back to my place from a night of drinking in old town or phoenix, it's quick and easy to stop here.
3	Taco Bell is one of my go to places when I need to eat on the go.  I stopped by this location to grab a quick bite.  Ordered my usual:7 Layer Burrito, $1.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OqDtFvYZYFNhxaKsFB0zfg?select=YeDTLzUgiy29Vd7jnXW9iwCheesy Beans & Rice Burrito, $1.59http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OqDtFvYZYFNhxaKsFB0zfg?select=TRrPCuHkS7JfB--g18Q-XgBoth were tasty on the fast food scale of taste.....cashier service was quick and accurate.  The only negative was that it took a while for the food to get prepared.Return Factor - 80%
5	Here's my theory on the enchirito.Bob, the marketing director at Taco Bell was someplace else that day, a million miles away as he pensively doodled at his lunch, fork in hand.  He had an ominous task ahead of him...come up with a new product and fast!After all, It had been some number of years since he and the team jackpotted-out with that seven layer burrito.He needed something new. Something different.Time slipping away, he continued to mindlessly needle at his lunch...on this day a number two; the enchilada and bean burrito.And that's when destiny came calling. Holy Shit he thought to himself, snapping out of his daydream. I think I have something.         "Wait a second....somebody..SOMEBODY RUN AND GET ME A PAD AND          SOME PAPER...I'VE GOT SOMETHING, THIS IS BIG PEOPLE, HURRY!"       Bob indeed had something.All that poking at his number two had managed to combine the burrito and enchilada into an unrecognizable mass, and that's when the gods, copulating at that particular moment, shot a wad of inspiration directly into Bob's uniquely undersized brain.           "We're going to call this...are.you ready... .THE ENCH-IRITO," he exlaimed          proudly to the marketing department.There were cheers and wild applause from the team. They knew Bob just hit another jackpot as he had so often done in the past.Well, you know the rest of the story, another star was born in the Taco Bell line-up.Way to go Bob. (and whoever ran after the paper and pen) This is all just a theory, based on a set of postulates including a spork, beans, cheese, a tortilla, and an entire marketing staff, optimistic they'd hit another home-run without a Spanish speaking Chihuahua.Tip: If you're sick of everything on the menu, try a bean burrito with green sauce. It's not on the menu but TB will make it for you just the same.  It looks like snot so don't look at it and get all freaked-out.Just eat it.It's tasty, kinda hot.
3	Volcano menu is a favorite of mine.  Staff has always been friendly to me.
4	Super fast through the drive though. Although one employee who was taking my order through the drive though did yell at me cause I said something wrong which I thought was bad customer service but besides that i'll be coming back here again, and they didn't mess my order up at all which I loved.
3	Time for an update.  This Taco Bell is located right off the 101 and is very convenient when I'm on the go.  Since my last review, they discontinued the Cheesy Beans & Rice Burrito (Boo!), so I've replaced it with just a regular Bean Burrito on my normal order.The customer service here is good most of the time.  When you employ teenagers, you don't know what you're going to get, so it's always inconsistent...but they do a good job for the most part.  They've always got my order right and served it up fast.  What more could I ask for?Return Factor - 70%
4	This Taco Bell is almost always clean, service is good, and the food is what one would expect from Taco Bell. I take my boys here once a week after school.
5	best taco bell hands down
5	This taco bell is always timely, they never mess up my order, low cost, and the food quality is consistent every time. The taco bell drive through is a guiity pleasure of mine. No complaints here!
4	A really random review but wow this taco bell had great customer service lol. I was genuinely happy to order my food here because the ordering lady was so pleasant.
5	Person at drove thru was personable,  prefer was fast,  and the tacos were tasty.  Just what I needed!
