5	Excellent ambience and service. I felt like I was walking into a brasserie in Paris. Had mussels which was plentiful in a 'just right broth'. Really attentive service. Other guests all liked their meals. Highly recommend!
5	Bonne ambiance, bonne assiette et bon service... Au passage: cassoulet toulousain + vin = excellente choix.
2	This place is a little noisy, and food served there didn't worth its price. I don't know how it became one of the top ten restaurants in Montreal, I personally don't recommend you to go there.
4	If you love Paris, you will feel right at home here! Very French! We had a delightful lunch on the patio, well protected from a brief rain. I had the lobster special, pre-shelled and served cold with a light dijonaise  on the side, with points flutes. The salad too was crisp with a light vinaigrette. Well worth it!
4	Alexandre Restaurant Francais is a charming example of a classic Parisian cafe. We were seated outdoors on the sidewalk under the awning for dinner on 23 July 2014. The waitress was very polite yet efficient with her duties. I had a glass of Moet and a classic caesar salad. My Darling had a croque monsieur with a green salad. It was absolutely charming. My salad was exquisitely flavored and was really something special. The salty, nutty parmesan cheese shaved on top was a real treat. The sandwich was classically prepared and equally delicious! Although very pricey, this place is worth it!
4	This restaurant has old classic French ambiance. A great spot for a business lunch with great food and excellent service. I had the cold lobster. It was cooked to perfection, very tender and sweet with just the right amount of seasoning. It was so good that I came back at dinner. Unfortunately, no more cold lobster but they did have Lobster au gratin with mashed potatoes. Also very delicious and succulent. In the evening, I sat close to the patio but still indoor. The smoke was so unbearable that I asked to sit further back. It was better but the smoke was still strong. I suggest sitting inside to avoid all that. Overall, a must if you're looking for excellent French cuisine in Montreal.
1	Slow apathetic service.  Overpriced.  Avoid this place.Server did not bring drinks until asked for the third time.  Food took forever to come.  Dish-ware was dirty.  Staff did not seem to care.  There are so many wonderful places to eat in Montreal, do yourself a favor and don't waste your time here.
