1	This cafeteria style place was a huge mistake.  around 9 dollars for an overcooked cheeseburger on a cold bun.  this place is right next to the sportsbook in the IP but I would avoid it at all costs.  i think it actually made my hangover WORSE.  i would actually eat at mcdonalds before i ate here, and I never eat at mcdonalds.
3	I went there on a recent trip to Vegas, it wasn't bad. I'm not from the West Coast and I'm a fan of In-n-out burger and had both on the same day. Nothing'll beat a double-double but I wouldn't exactly throw out a burger from the Burger Palace it's decent.
2	Burgers were okay.  I just wanted something fast cuz I was starving!  My patty was overcooked and the cheese wasn't even really melted.  I also got a salad which was good.  The lettice was fresh, but it was huge for a garden salad.  I wouldn't really come here again either.  If you're gonna eat, I say stay away from anywhere in Imperial Palace!
4	What is it about this place that I absolutely love? It's smack near the sportsbook. And any cafe or restaurant near or adjacent to a sportbook is good eating at Vegas. Is it the simple burgers or the chicken strips that keep me coming back? Or is it just the convenience and lack of crowds?On the second floor of Imperial Palace, right next to the race and sportsbook is the Burger Palace. It's a simple, cafeteria eating place with quite a large menu of burgers, fries, chicken, salads and other fried items that are not really helpful for you.I like the fact that it seems a little old school Vegas in there. It sometimes feels like a local joint that's in the middle of the Strip. I love that I don't see club scene gals or douchy guys in there. No Ed Hardy shirts, no Axe fragrants, no prostitute looking women; nothing annoying.So if you're not in the mood for the long lines for buffets or over priced restaurants, give Burger Palace a try if you want simple comfort food to fill you up. It's cheap so you can save your money for the slots. A high recommendation.
1	Imagine a frozen food section hamburger, microwaved, tastes like middle school cafeteria meat, and charged $12 for it!I may be hammered from alcohol, but don't try to pull the wool over my eyes. It tasted like sh*t!!!
1	There are some things I like about Imperial Palace, but the food is not one of them.  The monstrosity of IP's cuisine is epitomized by Burger Palace, a fast-food hamburger place that's significantly lower quality than McDonald's but charges a lot more.  Do not eat here.  Ever.Edit:  In the 1.5+ years since I wrote this review, a couple of good restaurants have opened up in IP.  All the more reason to avoid Burger Palace.
2	Oh my, why did I stop here? Somehow I got trapped in the Imperial Palace, surely the ugliest casino hotel on the Strip. I had it in my head that maybe it would be a tribute to the classic Frank Lloyd Wright hotel in Tokyo that was mostly demolished forty years ago. But no, it's just a faux-Japanese facade covering an old-style hotel that looks like it lost its bloom sometime in the 1960's. The Burger Palace caught my eye on a promising banner, and I was feeling peckish after changing hotels in the morning. I thought it would be one of those gourmet burger places with all the trimmings. Nope, it's a fast food joint with little imagination. Just a lot of sports murals and teal-colored booths that are a bit of a squeeze for us girth-challenged diners. Perhaps that was their subliminal message to stay away. I should have listened as I had a particularly greasy cheeseburger and fries for about $8.75. It came with a lemonade which would have been fine had I ordered it. I spent a good three minutes arguing with the snippy counter girl that I ordered a Diet Pepsi. All in all, I would have preferred having a Big Mac down the block. FOOD - 2 stars...burger had heft, but it was mostly made of grease AMBIANCE - 1.5 stars...fast food at its lowest common denominator SERVICE - 1 star...really surly, but that must be the drawback of wearing a funny paper hat TOTAL - 2 stars...they are lucky I feel charitable toward them given the ugly, dated hotel they are in
3	This is like the Pete's Kitchen of Vegas to me. That's a lie actually, Tropical Breeze is the real Pete's Kitchen of Vegas, but this'll do in a pinch. After all, it's not a diner, but it is open all the time and very close to where I'm sleeping. I had a 5 am cheeseburger here, which my stomach thanked me for both because of the hunger and the prior drinking. It was gigantic, even with all the drinking and hunger I could only manage to eat about half. And I believe it came out awfully quickly, but time seems to pass differently for me when I've been awake for roughly 24 hours and spent most of that with a glass of champagne in my hand. Best of all, it is very, very affordable.
3	This burgers taste soooo goood! not to mention they are about 1/3rd the price of that rip off acropss the street at the Mirage(BLT).Go here if you want a burger quick and or your feeling that morning buzz after your first beer.Yes yours truly ate 3 burgers and a pepsi before hitting the carnival court!Shake & bakes seal of approva.
1	This is an overpriced fast food restaurant that is 24 hours.  So overpriced for what you get.
1	I'm not going to waste any more time thinking about this place. Terrible.
1	Only if you are completely wasted, blind, and burnt off ALL your tastebuds! Even then..dont do it!The burger, which shouldnt be called a burger, was very dark and reminded me of  a hockey puck.Dont be fooled by the name. I should of been warned by the fugly booths and tables. If it wasnt for the free food and complete starvation , there will be no way one can even try to persuade me to eat here ever again! Ohhh yea..and its more expensive than McDonalds!!! $12 for a meal!Dont walk away...run, run for your life!
4	All you people that gave bad reviews are CRAZY!!! The burgers here are AMAZING!!! I've been to Vegas way too many times and I HAVE to stop here and get a burger every time! I think the reason people don't like it is that they are used to the fancy, glittery restaurants that are dominating the strip. This place isn't really decorated, it kind of reminds me of a high school cafeteria...HOWEVER the burgers are DELICIOUSSSSS. Who cares if they didn't waste time decorating? I didn't go there to look at the walls, I went there TO EAT!!! I personally think the prices are very reasonable. Like what the hell, you aren't gonna get a burger and fries for 8 dollars anywhere else on the strip!! I love this place. Cheap and greasy. I LIKE IT!
4	We stayed at the Imperial Palace from 12/20 - 12/24 and someone caught a cold. With near freezing temps we decided to eat in the hotel at Burger Palace. I was actually surprised, that it was good. I had the X-treem Nachos, and it was huge, your standard fast food. We also order a burger meal, that I was told was very good, with drinks it came to under $20. This was by far the cheapest meal we had the whole trip. We would definitely eat here again if staying at the IP or Harrah's.
1	After a night of fun in town my friends and I found ourselves at the Burger Palace.  Several of us purchased the Cheeseburger combo and all of us had the same lowest quality burger.  The burger was something you'd find in the back dumpster of a fast food restaurant.  Stale bread, cold meat soft lettuce and tomatoes sliced from days before.  I myself puked once returning to the  hotel.  Everyone was dissatisfied and remember the meal as their worse ever.
1	It's interesting how one casino can have such polar opposites in eating establishments as far as food quality goes. This place is sleazy, gross and uses frozen, generic food and charges 3 times what its worth. The fries were ok, but the chicken strips I had were stale and barely edible. Our original intention was to go to Hash house a go go but unfortunately that restaurant was closed (1am on Sunday) burger palace was the closest thing that was open. I regret eating there, overpriced to say the least. Not only that, but they charge 2.99 for a 20oz soda and they charge you for refills. So ridiculous. Avoid this place at all cost.
1	What a shit hole!If you are thinking about going here - STOP.This place makes me want to take up smoking so I can subdue my appetite. It's dirty, the food is of questionable quality.Please stop giving your money to this place.
1	OK...here's the story. It's about 3 AM. I'm mid-strip and feeling a bit hungry, Need something to absorb a bit of the beverages consumed earlier. I walk into the IP. I see an advertisement for the Burger Palace just upstairs on the third floor. Sounds like it might hit the spot! I arrive on the third floor. I see the Burger Palace. Reminds of a desolate snack bar in 1970's era bowling alley. The place smells of grease and a general funk. The menu is posted on a board behind the counter. Also visable is a sign warning patrons that the burgers come preseasoned. That's the way they are. Don't ask. I am having second thoughts but I order anyway - I mean, it's the IP but it's still a strip hotel - how bad can it be? I go ahead and order. A cheeseburger and a Diet Pepsi. I'm told that it's less expensive if one purchases a combo meal. Go far it I say, bring on the fries as well. I take a seat in a not really clean plastic booth and await my late night snack.... Burger: ugh. Yes, that bad really. Nasty nasty. Tastes like a frozen patty one would purchase in bulk at a big box retail warehouse. The fries are a little better - maybe on the overdone and really greasy - but better than the burger (this ain't saying much). At least the diet Pepsi was as expected - you know, diet.... Be warned.
2	This place needs a serious makeover, but since you are in the Imperial Palace to begin with you have realized that everything inside needs help not just the 24 burger place.  If you are looking at visiting and you are not already at the Imperial Palace go somewhere else for heavens sake.  The food is bordering on being edible, but only barely.  You pay about 10 bucks or so for a combo deal that includes a drink, fries (that are actually okay in my opinion), and a cheeseburger. The burger itself is a basic no frills costco frozen patty that the "cooked" somehow.  They avertise that it is a large patty and truth be told it is kinda large, but about half way through eating it I always wish it was smaller (maybe it will do less damage to my insides if it was smaller...).  It comes with some fixings, but don't hold your breath for anything that exciting.The location is tucked into the back end of the horribly planned IP, on like the 4th floor around the corner from the sports book area.  There is nothing palatial about the decor, mostly it resembles a 1980's fast food joint, complete with artistic renderings of generic famous sports experiences.Okay, why the two stars you ask?  24 hours.  I can stumble from my room to this location quicker than I can get anywhere else at late at night so I end up going here from time to time, but I always regret it.
1	The only good thing about this place is that it is open late and good for when you're drunk and don't wanna go to bed on an empty stomach.  I prefer to go up to Ginseng and eat Asian food. Not only is this place hard to find, but the food and service isn't worth the search. I was even tempted to put ranch dressing on the pizza in order to make it easier to chew.National Register of Places That Suck nominee...
1	I would like to preface my review by saying that I didn't actually eat here. I bailed before ordering...I was that disappointed when I walked up. I walked up and got in line, then looked around to make sure I was at the right place, it was that bad. I am pretty sure they decided to call this place the Burger Palace because someone lost a bet. A better name would have been the "Snack Bar" as in the exact same place I see at Little League games at home. One would think being the "Palace" of anything would generally infer that you have some sort of specialty, usually having to do with you being the "Palace" of that particular item....Well not here. You walk up and are greeted by a cafeteria type corral to line up in...The menu had Three burgers I think? (Plain, Cheese and Chili burger) then other offerings like fries, chips, grilled cheese ect. I kept searching the menu for a sign I was indeed at the "Burger Palace" but couldn't find anything. I looked over the patrons eating their "Palace" offerings and, if I hadn't been cooped up in a casino, would have thought they all had $.99 burgers from the local Jack in the Crack. Nothing I was about to pay $6 for...See Ya...Ill go loose my money on the slots...They seemed to be a better option that the Palace. Sorry Folks!
1	Have you ever been to a bowling alley or skating ring and ordered food from there? If you said yes, then that's what you can expect from Burger Palace.  A pretty dive of a place.. and by dive, I dont mean a cool hidden gem you see on the Food Network.  This place has the look of feel of a place straight out of the 80s, but in a bad way.  Small tables and chairs.  booths that are made for kids, not adults; and you gotta love spending $3 on a drink that's considered small in most fast food joints.I got a burger that was barely ok to eat.  Sadly this was our back up plan after not going to Ginseng3.. or whatever you call it.Imperial Palace.. I think we'll pass next time on your dumpy casino.
4	Bowling alley quality food. Chicken tenders. Burgers. Fries. Pizza. You get exactly what you expect. Prices are reasonable. Especially if you use four square and they have a buy one burger get one free coupon. I would go back...even if this place is in the imperial palace.
1	God this place was horrible. 9.85 for a cheeseburger combo which wasn't even as good as a Mcdonalds burger.  I went to this joint because after like 1030 pm it was the only place open for food at the IP.  Terrible, avoid if at all possible.
4	While walking the strip, we saw a sign that said "burgers," so we followed it and ended up here. The color scheme and "artwork" on the walls really makes no sense to me. It's like it's suppose to be sports themed, but the colors are all pink with clouds on the ceiling. It's really kind of odd. The prices aren't too bad considering it's inside a casino. I ordered the $4.99 deal for one slice of pizza and a medium beverage and Don ordered a cheeseburger, medium drink, and curly fries for about $9.75. The pizza was surprisingly good. I didn't think I was actually going to like anything at this place, just by the looks of it, but I ended up trying to savor every bite of my pizza. The bread was fluffy and there was the perfect amount of cheese and tomato sauce. Luckily Don doesn't really like cheese, so I got to have it all to myself. He didn't mind though because he was busy being seduced by his burger and curly fries. He said the burger was delicious and described it to be juicy and somewhat like In N Out. The curly fries looked perfectly seasoned and browned. I was actually surprised they had curly fries since not many places have them. Since there is a karaoke bar nearby, we were able to have some entertainment while dining, so it was like dinner and a show (bonus). I probably wouldn't eat here again, just because I don't hang out at Imperial Palace, nor anywhere around it, but I did have a good dining experience which is why I'm giving them 4 stars.
3	I have to admit that I liked the server here.  I really didn't feel like eating beef, so I ordered the chicken fingers because the pizza slices looked old.  Surprisingly, the chicken fingers were actually well seasoned.  All in all, this place remind me of the common hole in the wall establishments, but I really can't complain with the seemingly slight grunge look they had around the place.  It is worth trying at least once.
1	In our culture "you killed it" normally means a good thing.  Not so for Burger Palace...In 2002 (when I moved here the first time) Burger Palace was one of the Top 5 Burger Spots in Las Vegas (I believe it was the RJ that voted them there).  This has changed.  I noticed there were no reviews for this once hidden gem in almost 6 months so I figured I would swing by and give them a try.  Upon entering my first thoughts were 'nothing has changed'.  This is still a dingy little cafeteria style diner with sports themed graphics on the wall consistent with a child's bedroom.  The tables are still a throwback to the 60's, but the more I think about it I doubt they are 'thrown back', more likely originals that need a remodel.I ordered the BurgerPalace combo... A hamburger, fries and a coke for the wallet strangling price of $9.14, tax included.  While the woman working the counter didn't flip me off or, to my knowledge, call me names in her native tongue, she wasn't exactly friendly either.Nearly 20 minutes later I hear a thundering voice consistent with God over a loudspeaker "Number 14".  Startled, I glance around and note that I am THE ONLY ONE IN THE RESTAURANT.  Apparently there is still a need for the microphone to avoid any potential mix ups on who's food is ready.The hamburger-  Having killed numerous cows on the grill in my backyard, I instantly recognized the secret recipe of this masterpiece destined for a landfill: Low quality/high fat beef, salt, waayyy too much pepper.  At the first bite I knew my options were many for this hamburger not limited to paperweight, hockey puck, hammer, etc.  This certainly was not food, however. I truly believe that this poor burger was on the grill the entire 20 minutes I was waiting.  8 minutes would have been enough.French fries- While they had a golden appearance, they were definitely overcooked as well.  Upon biting into them, they almost snapped, oozing out the trapped grease, leaving me with an insatiable desire to immediately brush my teeth.  Game over.Coke- Hard to screw that one up.I ended up taking 2 bites of each item on my plate and exiting with my Coke.  My next stop was In-N-Out on Trop to help rid the memories of this experience.  My advice:  Do not eat here!
1	This place was the worst burger place ever! My burger had no condiments. They charge extra for pickles, mayo and ranch. The overall appearance of the resturant was messy and not clean. Another thing, it is called Burger Palace yet it has 2 burgers on the menu (a cheeseburger or hamburger). How can it be called a burger palace if it only has 2 choices of hamburgers on the menu? I do not recommend ANYONE going here. Save your money!
5	This was probably the best food deal I found in Vegas so it gets 5 stars!!!! 2 for 1 burgers came out to about 8 bucks after tax getting 1 cheese and one regular burger. There is nothing I can complain about that when I am in a place that Subway STARTS at 9 bucks!As for the burgers? They were surprisingly good, they tasted like the local spot down the street from my home. The only thing i would have changed was having thinner pieces of onion, but you can always take that off!Best deal in Vegas!
3	Although I almost never go to the IP/Quad, I'm surprised that I never knew this place existed, considering I've lived in Vegas for over six years.My parents were in town and going to see Divas, so I met them at Burger Palace before their show. If I hadn't specifically been looking for the restaurant, I probably would've never found it. After taking the escalator to the third floor, you have to walk through a nondescript hallway that leads you to the sportsbook (which I also didn't know existed) and Burger Palace.My dad had the Philly. I took a bite and it was bland. Also, it's not an option to get as a meal, so he got it a la carte. At $7.99, it definitely was overpriced. My mom had the cheeseburger meal. I took a bite of that also and it was okay. She got the meal, which comes with fries and a drink for $8.99. Not a bad deal for a meal on the Strip, even if it is at The Quad. I got the chicken tenders meal. The portion was huge, as I couldn't even finish half of my fries after eating the chicken tenders. The chicken was surprisingly juicy. A great deal at $8.29.The menu is lacking, but it's possible to have a decent meal at Burger Palace. As long as you don't mind the ugly decor, this place should be considered if you're at The Quad.
1	GARBAGE! They make McDonalds look good. The is meat poor quality. When I told them that it was garbage meat, they told me to file a complaint downstairs. I told them that the management knows what they are serving - I don't need to wast my time. And, neither should you.
