5	Great coffee & super friendly service! Lots of comfortable seating with AC (very important in AZ) and a very roomy interior. And did I mention delicious coffee?
5	What a nice place!We're visiting relatives in Maricopa, and had found "the other two" coffee places in town earlier in the week, and found Honeycutt Coffee on the day we're driving back home to Southern California.  Too bad we didn't start here first - we'd have looked no further.Decor is very nice, people are very pleasant, have a sense of humor, and are competent baristas.
5	This place is the best! They almost always remember my order since I order the same thing, and it's fantastic. Have also had breakfast here, and it's just as good. The staff is super friendly, and can tell they love working there.
5	Love it love it!  Best coffee shop in Maricopa.  Great service, great people, good atmosphere.
5	Great place. Owners and staff are really friendly and very welcoming. You can stop in to grab a quick coffee or linger there with friends for hours. Definitely recommend this place.
5	I have driven past HC several times over the past year and finally stopped in. I was very impressed! First of all, it is decorated beautifully. Lots of light and very clean. So cheery! We were greeted warmly and my husband (a self-professed coffee conossieur), starts grilling the poor kid with questions about their coffee, roasting, suppliers, etc. He handled it great! He answered all of our questions.  They get their coffee from Press Coffee (love those guys) and bring it to Maricopa once a week. He let us sample their house Sumatra and it was excellent. Really great customer service.I also noticed that they know their customers. It seems like they have a lot of regulars which is an excellent sign for a business. In fact, the guy asked if it was our first time in and then proceeded to explain the menu and their offerings. Like I said, great customer service.Now all this wouldn't even matter if they don't serve great coffee right? Oh but they do! I got a dirty chai with almond coconut milk (bonus points for not having to explain what a dirty chai is, for offering 2 kinds of chai, gold star for having almond coconut milk!). It was heavenly!  Husband got a cappuccino and it was excuted very well (good foam skills back there!) and was tasty.They thanked us when we left and we were on our way! Great find! I will definitely be back!
5	The atmosphere is done really well, I want to ask for their decorators phone number! The staff is so friendly, the drinks are delicious and consistent and the sandwiches are made fresh! Love this place!
4	Get here early...close at 3.  I know we are suppose to stop consuming caffeine at that hour, but who does?They have some amazing baked goods and their menu for lunch looks very tempting.I'll have to come back when I'm in the 'hood.
3	Honeycutt Coffee is a nice, clean, friendly neighborhood coffee house in Maricopa with an unpretentious atmosphere. Heads up: They close at 3PM. I used to train next door and was only able to try this place once. I had the Prickly Pear Mighty Leaf Iced Tea.Such a friendly barista too! Chatted with me while she brewed the tea. I forgive her for thinking I was a "Cross-fitter". Put a stamp on my receipt to come back for a free 16oz coffee. The tea was strong and a nice finish to a tough workout. Three stars only because I didn't try their coffee, which is why most of us go to these places in the first place!
5	I never thought we'd find such good coffee here in Maricopa. I had a cup of latte and a breakfast sandwich. I didn't walked in with high expectations because living in Maricopa seems like more and more fast food restaurants are populating the area. The latte was just right and the sandwich was simply an English muffin with egg, cheese and bacon. Now, I've had breakfast sandwiches at Starbucks and they always taste like out of the microwave. This sandwich was toasty and the eggs didn't taste like airplane food. Love this place.
5	Have to give this coffee shop a big shout out for a delicious house salad! I added the protein-the chicken was moist.  Fresh greens and lots of delicious toppings.....they definitely surpassed my expectations!I give the iced green tea a thumbs up as well.
5	2 Brothers and a great business... the way their coffe shop is decorated, a homelike atmosphere. Great service, quality products and most of all CLEAN. They have the cleanest restrooms in the whole state of AZ. Their kitchen is awesome, so tasty. I am almost a regular in this shop, and i have been all over the world... a must stop place.
5	Amazingly Friendly! Awesome Coffee! You totally have to try this place and you'll be hooked!
5	Honeycutt Coffee is amazing! And it helps that the owner and staff are awesome too! Coffee is superb! Paninis are wonderful! And they have a card where after several purchases you get one free! Oh and they have daily specials! LOVE them!
5	The cool thing about this place is they actually can make a really good cup of coiffed no matter how you like it. Love that Maricopa has a great coffee joint like this. Seven cups was laughable in comparison.
5	I had the Bacon Turkey Bravado and a Pumpkin Spice latte with almond milk (Yay!). Both were delicious. And the cinnamon roll was DIVINE! This little cafe is simply delightful - service was great, food was yummy, and the ambience was cozy. Definitely going back here in the near future.
5	I have been here a few times feels great to support a small company like this that's local to Maricopa I have tried a few things there all great the staff is friendly nice and always about pleasing customers GREAT PLACE
5	Great place. Staff and owners are very friendly. Really nice inside and good atmosphere.
5	Talk about a whole In a wall. The smell is not extreme coffee ground. The look compares to the strip mall's shoe store. The constant traffic on Honeycutt Dr makes the ambiance a little challenging. The real attraction us the Taste of its Arabica bean espresso.The new chairs are barely worn down. Maybe people visiting do not have time to sit and enjoy the Taste or the Light Music sting in the well balanced surround system. Keep the effort to bring us to a higher value neighborhood.
