4	After discovering I have optical insurance with my blue cross blue shield coverage and not being able to read street signs at night I thought for my benefit and more importantly your benefit I better see the doc.  After perusing the list of acceptable doctors within my network I discovered David Kaplan online.  He had an extensive and impressive background in the industry and decided to roll the dice.  Plus his office was only 2 minutes from my house.  I entered the newly built office where  I was greeted by a nice receptionist and asked to fill out the basic paperwork.  I then entered promptly into the screening room where I was asked to perform some basic tests.  I did this and then was introduced to Dr. Kaplan.  He had a nice bed side manner and continued with the extensive examination.  All went well until the Iodine was dropped into my eyes. At this juncture, I felt like Stevey Wonder.  My eyes burned and they were blurry.  However, this was expected and normal.  I fought my way through the rest of the exam and was told I could use some specs even though my vision was pretty good. 20-30 on the right and 20-40 on the left.  I guess I should stick to picking up women during the day as the quality of my sight has been inferior during the evening (note to self).  I then left exam room to meet with the glasses lady who pointed out several different frames and models.  I still couldn't see well so I tried on a few of them and told her I would come back with my friend Brian who is also my fashion consultant.  Can't make a big move without him.  I came back on Monday and they immediately took me into the room where I picked out the winner. Gucci.  Next time I need to bring a friend who has inferior taste and thinks I am made of money.  good thing they took my American express so I can add to the debt ...j/k.  Overall it was a  positive experience, the doctor prooved to be knowledgeable and friendly.  Based on my experience I would certainly recommend him to anyone looking for a good eye doctor. oh and ladies, heads up for next time I see you at night.... I can really "see you" now so fellas watch out:).
5	Switched insurance, had to change eye Dr.'s & found this place very close to my home. The appointment took a long time, an hour and a half, but I was surprised at how much attention to detail they paid, and was more than happy with the time spent there. Rare indeed, a place where they take their position very seriously, listen to all concerns, dissect any problems, come up with solutions, and actually, truly, seem to care!
5	First-time patient.   Arrived 1/2 hour late as I lost my way...bad Mapquest!  Good GPS!  Receptionists and technical staff were very understanding and I was accommodated.    I was very pleased with professionalism oftechnical staff and my Optometrist.   The offices spaces were clean, well designed and comfortable.   I noted an exciting selection of eye glass frames (for a return visit).    This is a well-run, state-of-the-art practice that I can recommend without reservation.    I will return to Family Eye Care in six months.
5	These are friendly, cooperative professionals who have given me consistently good care. I recommend them highly.
5	Professional and never in a rush. Don't expect your eye exam/appointment will only take 15 minutes. Dr. Bark, especially, and his team all take the time to make a complete evaluation and answer any questions you may have. Great care that I would recommend to anyone.
