4	Big building with a drive-thru drop off area. Takes the larger items that the trailers on the side of the road can't.Huge selection of clothes.Gives receipts for taxes.
4	I love going here for cheap shirts and blue jeans.  You can write everything off on your taxes and there is a good selection of clothes.  I bought a red sports coat that was straight out the seventies for a little New Years bash.  The shirts are a lot of fun and pretty random as well.  I wish this one had a better selection of sunglasses, but it wasn't a real big deal.  The employees here were the only let down, they worked like they were serving community service or something.  Bargain buys and random gear all day baby!
4	Best Goodwill I visited in Charlotte area and let me explain why...The Matthews Goodwill is in a relatively prosperous part of town (near Providence and McKee Rds) and then donations they receive outmatch what you find at other thrift stores.  It's not uncommon to find gently-used men's Gap, Banana Republic, and Brooks Brothers shirts and pants.  While other thrift shops have "vintage"-looking clothes (I'm using vintage euphemistically here), this Goodwill has clothes that pass for brand new.  Also, the book selection is quite amazing.  They sell hardbacks for $1.40 and paperbacks for .99!  I've found some pristine books that may have been read once.  Even if the store is out the way for you, you'll save major $$$ by purchasing your books here rather than at Borders, B&N, or other new book retailers.  The service is typically amiss for Goodwill-the cashiers are indifferent if not downright unprofessional.  The furniture is overpriced, so don't waste your time looking for a steal here.  Otherwise, this Goodwill is A-OK with me.
2	I specifically went to this Goodwill based on other Yelpers reviews but honestly its just a normal Goodwill. I didn't find anything here and its also kinda small compared to other locations. I probably won't be back just because its far from where I live.
