5	Job well done and my steak medium rare.After going to AJ's Steakhouse at the Hard Rock the day before I was sure that I would not have a steaksperience even close when we went to the Steakhouse in the Excalibur Hotel. The Excalibur is more known as one of the cheaper less sophisticated hotels on the strip so I didn't expect the steakhouse to be all that. Man was I wrong. The $28 dollar rib-eye was hands down one of the better steaks I have ever consumed. And I have done some major amounts of steak consumption. Sered perfectly on the outside as to have almost a crust and a buttery perfect medium rare in the middle. The steak was as perfect as I have had. Who would have known? My side of creamed corn was also delicious. Service was prompt and non intrusive. Maybe the Excalibur will be known for something new after people experience this steakhouse.
3	Ordinarily priced out of such restaurants, a decent run on a craps table enabled me to take my mother and grandmother out for a nice dinner.  They wanted the buffet, I wanted a good dinner.  Since I was paying, I won the argument.The atmosphere screams romantic, however useless that was for me.  The ability to see the kitchen was also a nice touch.Everything on the menu is a la carte, which can lead to some tremendous bills.  The menu, however, was very diverse with reasonably priced top shelf entrees.  I ordered the king crab with ahi tuna salad and a baked potato, my mom the prime rib with a caesar salad and sauteed mushrooms and onions, and my grandma the salmon.My meal was probably the worst of the three.  My salad was a little dry and tasteless.  The king crab was over seasoned and served too cold.  The baked potato had at least a half stick of butter rammed in to it.  The ladies however greatly enjoyed their meal.  For desert, the three of us split a triple chocolate mousse, which was divine.The Steakhouse is expensive, be forewarned.  I spent nearly $200 bucks on 3 people without any wine.Between the Steakhouse and Regale (the Italian restaurant at Excalibur), I'd choose Regale every time.  Unfortunately, in the recession, Regale is only open Friday-Sunday.  Luckily I had a good Pai-Gow run Sunday and bought the ladies dinner when it was open.
4	Prime Rib lovers rejoice!  Even tho Sir Galahads at the Excalibur has died a horrible death, you can still try to steal yourself an average sized portion of the carcass over at the Steakhouse at Camelot.  When I sauntered up here I was about to get pissed off.  The hostess was on the phone, maybe it was business and maybe it wasn't, but she didn't even look up from the podium in my direction while I stood there waiting.  Then another couple walked up, and she put the phone on hold and invited them to be seated.  WTH?   Did I have my invisibility mode activated without realizing it?  Whatever.  When she came back I was definitely more visible than before.So after being seated, I had a pretty good meal.  A very large and tasty wedge salad followed by the prime rib along with the fully loaded baked potato and a couple glasses of wine.  Everything was presented well, the food was cooked to the right temperature and the service was spot on.The other diners in the place seemed to be having a good time.  Especially the group that was experimenting with various martinis off of the drink menu.  I should have been over there with them!I would recommend this place as a good value for your Vegas dollar.
5	My Wife and I dined here about two weeks ago, and we had dined here two years prior to that. Both times were excellent meals with great service. We both had the Filet Mignon, medium rare, as it should always be cooked. The kitchen grilled both perfectly to order and at 8 ozs were just the right size to satisfy. They were that kind of melt in your mouth juicy, succulent steaks that make you proud to be a carnivore. The steaks are served with a small yet tasty portion of crisp steamed veggies, and bread served with whipped butter. You can order additional sides at extra cost, but as we were eating a late dinner we decided not to eat too heavy this time. I had the house cabernet wine which was well balanced, full bodied , and had just enough tannins to act as a digestif without being too acidic. Our waiter was attentive but not overbearing, and the atmosphere was quiet and romantic. Also, the price wasn't too bad for a  restaurant in a hotel on the strip, at under $70 before tip. If you are ever in Vegas, drop by the Excalibur Hotel and enjoy fine dining at Camelot.
4	I had a wonderful dinner at Camelot... the waiter was excellent, the food was wonderful, and I got out of there for $30.  How?  They had a special.The ceasar salad was so good I had seconds (which I regretted later when my entree came), and the chicken pot pie was melt-in-your-mouth delicious, creamy, delightful, etc.  I can't comment on the steaks, but read any of the other reviews and I'm sure you'll hear good things.I probably wouldn't have gone here if they didn't have the deal, but I'm glad I went here and not a buffet (since I was stuffed when I came out), and I thoroughly enjoyed the experience.  To top it off, the manager came out and checked with me to make sure everything was up to snuff.  Of course it was... the meal was fantastic.Fine dining at the Excalibur, indeed.
5	I loved this place the service was unbelievable and the food was amazing . I had the rib eye medium well of course. my wife had the filet mignon well done and we both had a great time there. We would have spent about 150 but we got comped. Good times
3	Food was a solid 3 1/2 stars but the waitress was about 2 stars. Maybe it was busy that Saturday night but the waitress just took forever with everything, introducing herself to us, taking our order, bringing our order, bringing the bill. All night it just seemed to be like that, she wasn't rude or anything but that kind of stuck out to me all night.Anyways on to the food, not bad at all for the price. I had the new york steak which was pretty good for the price I guess but it didn't come with any sides, just these little baby ass midget carrots and one chip of a potato. BUT I did order a side of mashed potatoes and those were done exactly the way I love them, just plain butter and potato, none of that other fancy garbage other places like to use.The burger my gf ordered was HUGE! And pretty damn good also for $12 or $14, that atleast did come with french fries. They also give you a variety plate of bread which was ok but the parmesan chips it had were great!This place may be a bit out the way at The Excaliber but its not a bad option for good dinner without breaking the wallet at some super fancy steakhouse.
5	Great service and drinks. Food was excellent. Not bad for a $400 dinner for 6 people.
4	For a steakhouse in a mediocre hotel, this place was top rate. We actually ended up at this steakhouse due to a 2 hour wait for Tender at the Luxor. A friend had suggested this place since we were all sooo hungry. So we got our hungry butts over there.  We were seated pretty quickly. (I ordered a jack N Coke and before i was done they were calling us over to our table).   I ordered the filet mignon--medium and the lobster tail.  The filet was cooked perfectly and the tail was a good size.  It was served with green beans and a side of butter.  I also ordered the sugar snap peas and the asparagus.  The asparagus was ordinary but the peas were excellent.  Sweet but not too sweet. Complimented my steak and tail great.  The service was ok, they were very helpful and very nice.  The place wasn't stuffy. It was more relaxed and casual so it was a good time with good food.
2	Funny story about eating here: I didn't want to, but I'm glad I did.  Got a show+dinner deal for the Italian place down the hall, but it was inexplicably closed so the manager here honored the deal and gave us a bottle of champagne!  Great!I enjoyed the bread basket, very nice service, and a wonderful piano player!  We ended up staying at the bar with the very friendly bartenders just to listen to his jazzy mixes of pop songs/classics.  The manager stopped by during the meal to check on things, the champagne was served correctly (with the bucket etc.), and our waiter was funny and available and not overbearing.Unfortunately the food wasn't as great as the service.  We ended up with the special three courses for $30 deal because of our situation.  The caeser salads we had to start were very very good (my friend doesn't even like salad and she finished an entire plateful)!  But the new york steak was underseasoned and overdone, served with a garnish but no side.  So sad.  The chocolate mousse dessert was okay, but I think desserts should always be amazing (that's why restaurants have separate pastry chefs).Drinks at the bar are usual ($10 or so for a drink).  The bubble gum martini tastes just like grape bubble gum, and is just as overbearingly sweet.  Good port list.  Strong drinks.The normal menu just seems far too pricey for the place.  It tries to be a nice restaurant, but cmon, you're in Excalibur and you have to go outside to use the restroom.  Thunder from Down Under is about 100 ft from the door.  I had a good experience because of the service and music, but I won't be coming back.
3	Just because it's not located in a 4-5 star hotel, doesn't mean it's not a great steakhouse.  The Steakhouse at Camelot is really good.  It's very nice and you definitely get the fine dining experience.  I had my favorite fish, seabass.  Even though it was years ago, I totally remember how good it was.  My husband had the rib eye and it was perfectly cooked and great too.  The service was great.  The waiter was attentive, friendly, and warm.  The ambiance is nice and comfortable too.  Candelight and big, overstuffed booths.  It is a very romantic place as well.
5	Great place! Me and my friend had the $30 three-course special and I do not regret a thing! I was a little skeptical because it was so expensive, but the service and the food was well worth it. When we sat down, bread and water came to us within 10 seconds. Bread was cold, but soft and delicious with the creamy butter that it's served with. Our waiter was really friendly and funny! He kept making jokes with us, which I thought was really cool. The food was delicious! I had the New York Strip (Med Rare) and they actually got it right! Most places would give me Med or Well done. But they got it right on the spot. It wasn't tough or too chewy and seasoned very well. The vegetables were great as well! They were covered in some kind of light oil which made me want to eat them! Dessert was the best part for me! I had the triple chocolate mousse and I couldn't stop to breath for one second before inhaling this thing. Originally, I thought the cake would be too chocolately, but nope it was perfect! Great Place! Would definitely recommend it to those who want to spend a little more.
1	The food was okay. The service from Joe our waiter was great. The way in which we were mislead was unacceptable. We came to the Steakhouse at a Camelot on a Sunday night expecting to be be eligible for the $29.99 3 course meal. When I made my reservation I specifically said that I was coming for the $29.99 3 course meal. When we sat down to our meal I asked for the prix fixe menu and was told that the $29.99 offer isn't available on Sundays. Because we were not eligible for the $29.99 deal we went ahead and ordered off of the regular menu. After leaving the restaurant we looked at several of the posters advertising the $29.99 meal and did not find any mention of the offer only being available for certain days. What the management at Steakhouse at Camelot is doing is wrong and misleading. Our food was inconsistent. My steak was overcooked. I ordered a medium New York steak and was provided with a well done piece of meat. Fortunately my wife's steak was cooked properly.   I liked my side of mushrooms and onions, but my wife found the sauteed spinach to be too salty. Our apple tart was fairly good and the Irish coffee I ordered was tasty. By the way, I saw another patron sending his food back, although I did not send my steak back. The best part of our meal was the service from our waiter Joe. I've never had my water glass filled so many times and I could tell he was a hard worker who takes his job seriously. If it hadn't been for the fact that management misleads its customers I would have given Steakhouse at Camelot three stars based on great service and inconsistent food.
1	My bad experience here started with dirty silverware and menus.  Our server Jose was very rude and didn't know much about his menu.  We ordered a half bottle of wine and were not presented with the cork then he asked "do you want to taste it?"  It should be automatic to present the cork and pour a taste of the wine.  The lump crab artichoke dip was good but needed salt.  The lobster bisque was the worst I've ever had.  It came out in a mustard yellow color with maybe 2 pieces of lobster in it.  Horrible flavor.  Next the server asked me how I wanted my prime rib cooked like I get a choice.  Prime rib is always served rare to medium rare.  If you want the $30 three course you should know that you can only have the french onion soup, meatloaf, some kind of chicken or a small steak as the main course, and I don't remember the dessert.  I will never eat here again.
4	What a lovely experience! We were admittedly a little scared to spend so much money at a restaurant in the Excalibur but after reading many great reviews decided to give it a try. And it was awesome. We both had the ribeye and I accompanied mine with a twice baked loaded potato (it had bacon in it!) and my husband grabbed the lobster bisque. The bisque was a little less than exciting but who can blame them, they do steak. The bill was definitely palatable for the great cuts we got aided even further by a $10 off coupon that comes in the little books you get at checking for the Luxor and the Excalibur. Though I would be leery of almost everything else at the castle casino, the steakhouse was well worth it.
5	Great service, great food, and a three course meal for $29.99. This restaurant is a quiet and intimate restaurant for all. I came here with a group of about ten guys and luckily we made reservations. We got our own private room with a great waiter. The private room was decked with wine bottles and the best part was we could be as loud as we wanted due to the room having it's own door separating us from the whole restaurant. The waiter suggested we get the $29.99 deal, which was a three course meal: salad, New York steak, and a desert. I upgraded mine to the ribeye with a side. The ribeye came out perfectly medium rare. The side I got was mushrooms and onions, which were perfect. The steak and everything else was perfect. the waiter was on top of everything. I asked for some sliced lemons for my water, next thing I know I had over a dozen sliced lemons on a plate. For the price, ambiance, and food this is a great place, just remember to make reservations.
5	This place was great! The food was great, the service was awesome (I'm lactose intolerant and they went out of their way to accommodate me), the drinks were great and the price isn't too bad (average for a steakhouse). Overall I would totally recommend this place and plan to visit again.
5	While staying in Excalibur Hotel and Casino, we had heard about this restaurant.  Locals told us it was great as well.  After reviewing Yelp, we opted not to go with the three course meal.  So we had:-  NY Strip - EXCELLENT-  Filet  - EXCELLENTWe also found a coupon in the hotel (and online) that got us $10 off if $75 or more - which worked out well.NOTE:  David Espin was on duty this night as the Restaurant Manager.  I have to say he is one of the TOP 5 Managers I have ever encountered!!
5	During my stay at the Excalibur Hotel and Casino, I notice this steakhouse within the hotel as my friend and I toured around the Las Vegas strip. We kept telling ourselves that we will eventually come to this place for dinner. A few days have pass as we kept visiting different parts of Las Vegas strip and outside. We then realized it was our last night there. Then we finally decided to eat here.It was decently priced considering that they had a 3 course meal starting at 30 bucks. Of course with higher end dishes you just add more money based on which course you take.My friend decided to take French onion soup, Salmon, and chocolate mouse which was the basic hence its 30 bucks. I on the other hand, decided to upgrade to the Prime Rib.It was totally worth it, an aged 16 oz. prime rib was mouthwatering delicious! I've request medium rare which cooked just right.It was a good thing we got to eat here before we left. A great way to end a trip by having prime rib as my last dinner in the Las Vegas strip.
4	Keeping with my to-the-point style I'm going to list the pros and cons:pros:- very relaxing atmosphere, maybe it's because there weren't that many people but the place seemed very clean and perfectly lit- service, the waiter was very courteous and made sure the food was okay- value: the $30/person deal was a good value. Although the steak wasn't huge, it was definitely an appropriate size. The french onion soup was also delicious-The bread they serve at the start of the meal is pretty darn good, especially because it's a variety of slices. - The DESERT. Oh my god that chocolate mouse was AMAZING. cons: -Inside Excalibur, I guess they only get customers that stay in the hotel. I am not the biggest fan of Excalibur because of how smoky the Casino is but it's Vegas and I wasn't expecting anything cleaner-The presentation of the food was a bit sloppy
1	Burger tasted strange - definitely had a pre-frozen feel to it.  The bun was too sweet, and the shrimp and crab topping didnt mix well.The fries were also stale.
5	I recently ate here while I was on a trip to Las Vegas. The food was so good that we ate here twice on our yearly visit. On our first visit I ate their prime rib, well done and it was sooo good. I have never in my life had prime rib that was that good, cooked at that level. Normally when I get well done its a little tough and the prime rib I got here was so juicy it melted in my mouth. No joke. I also had the baked sweet potato twice which was the best baked sweet potato that I have ever had! The grilled asparagus was good and the cream corn was delicious. I will go here again when I return next year.
4	While in Vegas I was craving some nice red meat, particularly a steak, and we noticed this restaurant while walking by late at night heading to our hotel room. The next day we decided to try it out because it was conveniently located in our hotel and we were too lazy and exhausted to make the trek anywhere else. I was pleasantly surprised with this place, especially since it was not our first choice of steakhouse in Vegas. The decor was simple and elegant, dimly lit, and set the perfect romantic mood. It was quiet due to the small amount of patrons, but I found this to be very relaxing after dealing with all the hustle and bustle of Vegas throughout the rest of the day.I ordered the caesar salad as a starter, very good, with the proper amount of dressing, not too much and not too little. I then ordered the filet mignon, which was very tender and cooked exactly how I ordered it. To top it all off, my date and I shared the chocolate mousse, which was also very yummy.I would recommend this place if you are looking for a tranquil, intimate meal at a fairly reasonable cost.
2	I think the food was probably close to the best steak house we've had but the service was comparable to Denny's. We initially waited 10 minutes to even be greeted by our server and the restaurant was close to empty. Our water glasses were never filled. We noticed that they didn't have porterhouses on the menu so when we asked she "forgot" to mention their house specials for the evening, being porterhouses were the special. The food though, was cooked to perfection, sauteed spinach seasoned so well, warm spinach salad with a bacon vinaigrette type dressing that melted in my mouth and a stuffed sweet potato from the heavens! The porterhouses cooked exactly as ordered. The food buffered out the poor service but not enough to go back. It wasn't for the service this would be a five star place. They need to get some training from the high end waiters at Disneyland.
2	Stopped by here during my visit in Vegas - not the best steakhouse in the world - and a place that I would rather avoid eating at. The atmosphere is nice as we were seated in a private room (party of eight). Various vintages of wine which were adorn on wooden racks in the room. Though, their service could use some work when attempt to serve eight people - service was pretty abysmal where the waiter would be gone for twenty minutes at a time? Food took more than thirty minutes to arrive - one waiter forgot bread and a cup of tea, but brought the butter and hot water? Lack of attention to the basic details.My Filet Mignon was cold and dry, crab cakes were swimming in oil, and the asparagus was burned and over-seasoned. I'm not sure how the results would've been if we were a smaller party - but I don't think they're capable of serving a large tribe....
3	Delicious food but pricey.  We received a 10$ voucher off a purchase of 50$ or more and it was easy to get to that price. I had the filet mignon w/twice baked potato.  Very delicious.  The bf had prime rib (was super succulent), it was a size made for two people. I just drank water and the bf had wine. Everything was very satisfying.
3	Coupon from foursquare for 10 off is not valid on fri or sat, but the coupon doesn't say that.Food was good but ok for a steakhouse. Meat load was good but sides not so good.
5	This a Steak House that knows how to treat there customers!  Very nice waiters and hostess.  The bartender is friendly and knows his mixed drinks.  The food was terrific also; I had the Shrimp (Fresh) and baked potato (Excellent) The cheesecake was also yummy!   The best part is that I could wear my dressy jeans and a nice shirt.
5	We were staying at Excalibur during this visit to Las Vegas Since we were tired from the travel and jet lag, we had decided to keep it simple and look for a place to have dinner on the property. We discovered the Steakhouse at Camelot and decided that we would give it a try. Reservations are recommended, but we walked in around 7pm on a Wednesday and were seated immediately. The place has the dim lighting and the classy decor as you would expect of a higher end steakhouse.We started dinner with a bottle of Chianti and a stuffed Portobello mushroom as an appetizer. I've tried the Portobello from several restaurants and this one was one of the best. For dinner, we ordered the 10 oz.Flat Iron steak and the 16 oz.Prime rib with a stuffed baked potato with both steaks as a side dish (everything is a la carte). Both steaks were excellent as were the stuffed baked potatoes. The servers and staff were also very friendly and very attentive. I would definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for a romantic restaurant or higher end steakhouse on that part of the Strip.
3	The good" Steak was good but not a knock your socks off cut. Wine reasonable, french onion soup good. Service friendly waitress.The bad: Came up and could see 1/2 the tables empty. Told 45 minute wait. Told the hostess we  tried calling for reservations but no answer. Was told there was a recorder but I let it ring for 15 times two different times. All in all would go off the strip to Ruths Chris next time.
2	I was in Vegas with a group of friends to celebrate birthdays and anniversaries.  So we were excited to dedicate one night to a nice restaurant on the strip (other than the typical casino buffet).  Unfortunately, we would have been better off at the buffet.Complaints from our experience:-The nickel and dime-ing is atrocious.  I suppose some could say that's just how it is at nicer restaurants, but I've been to nicer restaurants that don't try to extort their customers.  Just about all of my friends got a steak of some sort, which itself was pretty expensive.  We all assumed a salad would be extra (which of course it was), but we were shocked when the bill came and they charged about $6 for each side (baked potato, mashed potatoes, etc) in addition to the menu price.  Especially since the server asked what side we wanted as if it were naturally included and didn't say otherwise.  But had they not asked for a side, it would have simply been a $28 meal consisting of a single piece of meat on a plate.-Quality:  Of my 3 friends who got steaks, one said they've had better at Outback, another's was not cooked they way they ordered, and the other's was approximately 40% fat / inedible.-Service: I suppose the word is adequate.  We weren't made to feel especially welcome.Pros:I got the $25 meatloaf and it tasted fine.For the cost, you could go to the best buffet on the strip and get everything your heart desires. Skip this place.
1	I've been there before and it was better then than now.  What really turned me off though was the hostess asking if we has a reservation.  It was not even 5:15! We were just passing by and decided to catch early dins.  When we said "no", she kinda hemmed and hawed, and took us in.  The entire place was empty except for ONE other table!!!  Damn, lady, what's your problem???  We asked the waiter if there was going to be a mad rush soon, and he said not till about 8.  I didn't need the hostess's attitude to get me started on a meal that would cost me over $35. just for the entree. So, of course I ordered a drink to calm down.  Didn't quite do it...needed another.  (Ah, that's their trick...get the customer pissed off so they drink more.)  Well,  my prime rib wasn't too bad, but the baked potato was too baked, if you know what I mean.  Wow, if it had been any more baked, it would have been a thick potato chip, trust me.  Being that there were only two tables, we had more service than we wanted.  Let's just say, the first time I went there, I was younger and more impressionable, so I would have given them a higher score...this time, nope.
4	I really enjoyed my visit to this place.The room has an elegant high-class steakhouse look, and offers the usual steak house pricing model (expensive steaks, separate charges for salads, sides, and sauces). I started with a spinach salad with bacon vinaigrette. This thing was big enough to share (or eat as a meal) and it was delicious. I followed with a filet, which casem perfectly cooked and was tender and tasty. I ordered a bordelaise sauce on the side and it was so good I was sopping it up with my bread. Oh, and when I first sat down, they brought a basket of bread, which included a solid french bread an interesting fruit and nut bread. My only criticisms of this place are: 1) they need a list of spirits, better server knowledge about the bar offerings, or a more completely stocked bar so that I don't have to play "guess what scotch we have" with the server, who then has to run to the bar, and then back to me, and then back to the bar... and 2) the steak could have used more seasoning - nothing exotic, just a little salt and pepper, man. But overall, after a day of cheap drinks and snacks a Starbucks, this place provided a solid meal and drink well worth the cost.
2	The steaks we had were good if a bit overpriced. I've had a better baked potato at Outback steakhouse (and yes, you can tell the difference between a baked potato and a boiled potato!). Our waiter was awful! He had no people skills and was almost rushing us through the meal ( really dude, its a Monday night, and half the place is empty). The saving graces for this place were: the caramel apple martini (absolute yumminess!, and the hostess (her name was Helen) who was very nice over the phone when I made reservations and when we got to the restaurant. She also spoke to us on our way out. She embodied customer service, which can sometimes be hard to find on the strip. Thank you Helen! I think I would have rather saved the $150 we shelled out on this place, and eaten elsewhere!
3	The only steakhouse I ate at in Vegas..... I ordered the prime rib... it was not very seasoned. It was just cooked to my preference of medium rare.... but I really needed A-1 sauce to help me finish the rest of the steak... & I peppered it like crazy. I chose this place over the steakhouse @ Luxor. The customer service was good.The best thing i ate here... was THE LOBSTER BISQUE! Definitely try this. OMG
5	Be prepared to spend a lot. I took my friend here for dinner one night and we were both amazed with the food. The final bill, with tip, was $92. That's for TWO people. We got a little champagne (my friend was about to be married in two days, how could we resist?), I ordered the Filet Mignon and she the Lobster Bisque, but we both ate the mashed potatoes. The mashed potatoes...oh my God. Like heaven. Light and fluffy with TONS of butter and garlic. And they know how to cook a steak, let me tell you! Plus, I tried some of my friend's lobster bisque and it was creamy and decadent, just the way lobster bisque should be. We also ordered an appetizer of the crab ball thingy...it's a bunch of shredded crab in a lettuce leaf and they give you sauces to dip it in...SO fresh! Even the bread basket was above par, I would definitely go back with a larger party where we could order just a couple sides and share, as the portion of mashed potatoes was easily enough for four.
4	The menu offers everything ala carte unless you get the "package meal", so this could run about $75 or so per person.  We had the ceasar salad and the dressing was good but slightly vingery... Crab cakes were fishy and undercooked.  We had the filet which was good but needed seasoning.  We had a side of asparagus which was good.  The service was fabulous.   The hostess who also has my beloved grandmothers first name made us feel comfortable right away.  Overall a very nice experience.  Share an entree and enjoy the sides.
1	if i could i would give this place no stars at all... i went with a bachelorette party on saturday june 23. when we sat down i had made it very clear to the waiter that we wanted our food asap (we had a show to go to in roughly 45min) most of us ordered the three course meal deal.. one friend ordered the Tomato bisque the kitchen instead gave us a LOBSTER bisque which is the last thing my friend would have ordered since she hates seafood. In the end the waiter still charged us for a LOBSTER bisque even though we ordered tomato bisque. We ordered our steak medium and the steak came out completely well done if not OVER COOKED there was no pink left in this piece of meat whatsoever, it was dry and way way over cooked... by the time the desserts came out we were already 15min late for our show.. all in all i had a horrible experience here. The waiter was HORRIBLE he was never at our table checking on us, it took us at least 20min to sort out the bisque situation in which he blamed the kitchen (yet when the bill came out we were charged for a LOBSTER bisque) the food was HORRIBLE (i have never ordered a steak at a steak rest. where they served the steak so over cooked that it just crumbled up in my mouth when we ordered it medium!) i will never ever come back and i am shocked this place is still running cause their staff was just horrendous! I should have left a formal complaint with the manager but we were so late i didn't have time to put one in... If you are reading this please re-think your visit, your in vegas there are a 1000 better steak restaurants in Las Vegas...
4	i went to this place on the monday night after the electric daisy carnival. i hadn't eaten properly all weekend, and my friend and i had decided that after the crazy weekend was over, we'd get dressed up to the nines and go to this fancy place in our hotel.we had the prix fixe. i got french onion soup, steak, and creme brulee. it was all $35.99 or so. we also got a side of mashed potatoes, which were delicious, and big enough for the both of us to share. their house red was rather good, and the onion soup was delicious. the steak was cooked well (i got medium-rare), and the creme brulee was good, although i couldn't eat much of it because i was so full. the waitstaff was very friendly and helpful.my only complaint: that was NOT at 10oz steak, as was advertised. it was more like 6. it was still good though, and i probably wouldn't have been able to eat all of it if it had been a 10oz.i'd definitely go back.
3	I was slightly hesitant in eating here again because the last time I ate here, I threw up. This time around, I got the tomato basil soup and chopped salad. The food was pretty good and the service was okay. I probably wont be back here, primarily because a lot of the dishes were so damn expensive.
1	Great ambience and service, but the steaks really weren't all that great.  The place at the Rio is much, much better
3	The food was great. The service sucked. The waiter needed to pull his ass out of his head.....or head out of ass we asked for manager he didn't care to much. The $20 tip on a $200 bill should have explained how bad he sucked. Pretty bad that locals get treated like the rest of the trash. $200 comp should tell you these people spend money in this casino. Maybe we should treat them better. So his $50 tip became. 20 and it would have been less had I had smaller bills
4	This was a great random dinner. We were in the mood for a good steak dinner and decided to check this place out because it was within walking distance. The place was dead on a friday night. The service was great, drinks were great and the steaks were awesome. I got salmon and it was overcooked but still good. If you don't care about going to a steak house just for the name to say you went there, check this place out. its cheaper, solid food and quiet
2	Food was acceptable. 3 course meal for 36.99/person. The portions were large, but both steaks were overcooked.  The service was very disappointing. We felt ignored and the restaurant was not even half full.  We finally placed both finished plates at the end of the table with out napkins and still waited 15 minutes before anyone would bring us our check despite many staff passing our table. We sat patiently and did not complain, but we will not be going back.
3	I have a rule about Vegas that I like to follow I have to go to a buffet and a steakhouse. The steakhouse is always the fancy dinner. We stayed at the Excalibur so naturally we ate here. The place is pricy but we knew that going in and being on vacation we did not care. I'll start with the food then go onto the service.The food:I ordered the Filet Mignon and a baked potato. It was just ok. I have definitely had better filets in my time. There was nothing special about it and it could use some seasoning if you ask me!!!! Thank the lord for A1 because without it there would have been no flavor. They did cook it medium rare like I had requested and it did melt in your mouth like a filet is supposed to. The baked potato was excellent and I enjoyed it very much. My husband ordered the prime rib and he liked his. He let me try some of his and I loved it. The Au Jus dipping sauce was bursting with flavor and that steak was cooked just right! I wished I would have ordered that instead. He ordered the stuffed baked potato and he loved that. The service:Ok this is where the place was lacking severely. When you are paying the price you are paying to eat here I think the service should reflect that. Our water did not get refilled very often and once our waiter took our orders he disappeared. Once our food was brought to us everyone disappeared it seemed like. When we finally did find someone it was like an inconvenience to get us refills on our drinks. When it was finally time to leave the busboy named Jose came and asked my husband if he wanted a to go box for his food. He brought our the box quickly and put in the food for him. He brought him more horseradish sauce and some plastic-ware for him to eat with later. He was the only one who provided us the good service we thought we should get. The 3 stars is for the prime rib, potatoes and Jose. I can honestly say I would not come here again. There are too many other steakhouses in Vegas to try to waste my time.
3	I think it should be against the rules to stay at hotel/casino in Vegas without eating at at buffet and a steakhouse at least once. We stayed at Excalibur so naturally we chose The Steakhouse at Camelot for our steakhouse experience. The atmosphere is upscale, but the dress code doesn't match. There are white table clothes, mood lighting, goblets on tables, and the waiters wear dress clothes. I wore slacks with a dress shirt and my wife wore a nice dress, both thinking this would suffice. Upon being seated, I noticed patrons in shorts, flip flops, and even some hillbilly in a tank top. The menu was pretty standard for a real steak house.... where you order your entree first and any sides come separately (might I suggest that you split a side with a mate because you'll be stuffed full otherwise). My problem with this establishment came after we ordered our food. Our waiter vanished like a fart in the wind. He just disappeared like a cup cake at Rosie O'Donnell's house. It was like dinner and a show because that shit was pure magic. Our food was served by what I can only refer to as a "fill in waiter" and the busboy handled all the rest. I don't know if it was because we are young and he thought we wouldn't tip well (he'd be dead wrong, I tip extraordinarily well for good service) or what, but he bailed. Jose, the busboy was phenomenal however... he got me a box without even asking, and even provided me with utensils and a side of horse radish for my prime rib later. When I'm looking at a $100 bill, I expect a certain level of service that they just didn't deliver on... had to knock off the two atta-boy stars for that.
5	Wonderful Staff! My husband and I had a wonderful experience at The Steakhouse on September 18th. We were served by Steve Montley. It was a busy night and the manager paid attention and assisted. His name is Danny Penzo. We noticed that he walked around to all the tables that night and made sure the diners had all they needed for a great experience. Even the hostess did her part efficiently and that night it was Mireya Alverez. The food was great. My husband had a steak and I and the chicken special. The food was about as good as it get's anywhere!
1	Mediocre and bland food, bad service! We wanted to treat ourselves to a nice dinner on the Strip, we were staying at Excalibur, and this steakhouse is supposedly Zagat rated, so it was an easy choice. I've never been so disappointed in my life. The dinner started out promising. The restaurant has a nice, intimate feel and is beautiful inside. Our booth was cozy and had a view of the kitchen, which is on display behind big glass windows. The manager came over to greet us and take our drink orders. He asked us if we had any questions, and when I asked about some items on the menu, he didn't know the answers. He introduced another waiter who would be our main waiter, but neither of them gave us very attentive or prompt service. The food was brought out very slowly. They made a mistake with our appetizer order - I asked for the oysters on ice, but they brought them out Rockefeller style instead. They tasted okay - a bit bland, so we didn't complain. I had long finished my glass of wine and nobody came over to offer another, which was disappointing.Then came our entrees. My husband had a 16 oz new york strip, which is a very large cut of meat. Unfortunately it was not a quality cut at all. It tasted very bland and wasn't seasoned much on top of it. It was pretty mediocre for a steakhouse, especially for what they were charging. I had the Ahi tuna, which was even worse. The tuna was a uniform grey instead of being prepared the correct way, which is pink [rare] and seared on one edge. It almost tasted like it'd been microwaved, and was chewy. Worse, it was served on a sweet chili sauce that was straight out of a bottle and didn't go with the fish at all. The chef behind these creations is terrible. I've had better ahi tuna at chain restaurants. It was so bad that for the first time ever I sent the food back and we left to find better fare elsewhere. I would avoid this overpriced, mediocre restaurant at all costs.
3	Surprisingly very good for a steakhouse in Excalibur, of all places on the Strip. I had the filet mignon and twice baked potato. The baked potato was so delicious. It was loaded with bacon and sour cream. Yum. The filet mignon was cooked perfectly, just the way I ordered it (medium rare) but the flavor was a bit lacking. Like a previous reviewer said, it could have used some seasoning.Service was very attentive and we had a pretty large party. A good place for a steak dinner if you're in the area.
3	i came here to eat an early dinner with a buncha steak lovers.  i didnt have the steaks instead i had a pretty good salad and a side of mashed potatoes it was good! the others loved their steak! the prices were fair for a vegas dinner, there was a trio-combo which was priced perfectly and it came with plenty of food! ill def recommend this place to anyone who wants a quality, intimate meal. reservation and the wait were not a hassle at all! =)
3	The staff here is amazingly friendly.  The food could be much better.I wasn't feeling to hungry so I came here to grab a bowl of soup and salad.  The waiter recommended the French onion soup.  I found it to be extremely salty and not much more than that.  I know french onion tends to be salty but this one was so salty I couldn't bear to eat much of it after I got past the cheese and bread topping.  The chopped salad I had was overdressed and watery.  The lettuce was accompanied by cubes of carrots, zucchini, cucumber and tomatoes.  It was also topped with sliced hard-boiled egg and avocado.  For both, I think the cost was around $17.  Not horrible but also not worth it since I think everything was off in terms of flavor.  To be fair, this is a steakhouse and I didn't try the steaks.  Overall, good service, bad food, but it deserves a 3 to be fair.
3	For the Excalibur- this place is pretty nice! We made a reservation the night of and managed to score one at a decent hour.Our waitress was extremely nice and considerate. Always had our glasses refilled and asked us frequently if our food and beverages were up to our standards.I ordered steak- of course! The bake potato is def a must order :) Compared to The Prime Rib Loft in Orlean's---this place is not as good. Portion to price is comparable however.
1	We made reservation for our anniversary and first trip to Las Vegas. After looking at mixed reviews on this restaurant we decided there was more good to be said than bad....WHAT A MISTAKE. We were sat at a white tableclothed table to find what at first looked like a lot of black pepper everywhere....until it started moving. CAMELOT STEAKHOUSE had ants on the table, napkins, and in our glasses. When we brought that to the attention of the waiter he asked us to move to another table...why would we still eat here? I found the "manager" and he said "What? Which table??" And walked away. We just left. It was a horrifying experience. I will contact the food health department about this.
1	I came here because I had receicwd employee of the month so I got a $100 gift certificate and lets just say if I had had to pay for that meal I would have been livid! the food was mediocre and our waitress was quite a bit rude. Never coming back here!
2	The GF and I ate here because the hotel we stayed at (Luxor) gave us a $30 dining credit to do so.I normally am not into paying a ton of money for steak, etc. because in my opinion it isn't rocket science to heat up some meat and put it on a plate; isn't it what the cavemen used to do??  I don't really understand the price premium (and yes, I know about differences between Prime vs Choice, etc), so I generally just get my steak fixes from my grill.  Ooga Booga!  Anyhow, we had the dining credit, so the meal was on.  We decided to share a 16oz prime rib (since I read good Yelp reviews about it) and a chopped salad.  They were very accomodating in allowing us to split the entree *no split plate charge*, in fact, I overheard the waiter telling another table that as well, so I give them kudos for that.  I never did understand a lame split plate charge.  So yeah, the chopped salad was  good, it came out on two plates for us.  Had a good mix, just the right amount of dressing, and enough avocado to make us both smile.  The prime rib was decent.  It was a large piece, so it was plenty for us to share, and it was cooked to order - medium rare.  However, it definitely needed a couple hits from the salt shaker in both our opinions.  It would have been nice to have it seasoned a little from the kitchen.  I think it really had no seasoning at all.  With that being said, the Au Jus sauce it came with was tasty and the fresh horseradish I requested was spicy enough to, as the waiter put it, make you glow in the dark.  It was seriously the spiciest horseradish I think I've ever had.  It gave you that wasabi kick if you used too much.  Why can I not find horseradish sauce like that in the stores??Also worth mentioning, they served bread before the meal.  A white sourdough I believe and some brown bread with sesame and fruit in it.  The brown bread was really good, and the sourdough was Meh.  When asked if we wanted more bread, we both agreed, "only brown bread please!".  The butter was still super hard and cold (presumably because we were there right at 5 when they opened, maybe it hadn't thawed.)  Would have preferred soft butter, oh well, no biggie.All in all, I wouldn't eat here again (see paragraph #2)...  I've got other things to spend my money on besides prime rib.It was also weird that we were instructed to present the dining coupon at the beginning of the meal.  When I asked the waiter about it, he said, "yeah, we need that right away...." and then he just proceeded to prop it up at the front of our table, leaning it against the candle holder as if to label us cheapskates to the rest of the restaurant for the duration of our meal...............  Thanks for that.  Maybe it was to signal the chef to not bother seasoning our prime rib.  Guess we'll never know.
5	This amazing steakhouse is a diamond in the rough at Excalibur. It's definitely a pricey restaurant, but well worth it. Steak entrees only come with the steak, no sides. A baked potato side is $6 and it's enormous. The steaks themselves were very large portions. We had the filet mignon and prime rib and didn't feel we needed the sides to feel satisfied with the meal. The steaks were cooked to perfection. Great find in Excalibur!
1	Made a yelp account just so i could post this review. Please don't waste your money here, bad service and quality of steak. Ordered a steak medium and it came out extremely undercooked, after waiting 17 minutes to get my servers attention I asked to please cook it just a little longer.  When it came back it was completely burnt! Please venture to other steak houses down the Las Vegas strip for a better NY strip!
1	This nondescript steakhouse should be called a cafe. Service was awful which always jades my perception, but when your waiter disappears and you have to ask the busboy to get him twice, what more can you say. The salads were good. The surf and turf burger was interesting and was the only thing I enjoyed. The fires they served with it were cold and the beer batter onion rings we got for the table were inedible- a thin slice of onion in a thick, chewy, heavy batter with virtually no taste. Don't waste your money. And did I say the service was awful?
2	We went here for Mother's Day dinner because my husband had around $100 in comps and thought it was "fancy".  I have been to numerous steak houses including Ruth Chris, Peter Luger's in NY, Morton's and Smith and Wollinsky, and I can say that this place does not compare to any! the food was just average.  I had a salad, french fries ( eh) Some fast food places have been to the fries have been better and the Strip steak.  I think I have bbq'd better steaks myself.Our waitor was Gregg, he was okay.... I had to ask two times for a straw for my 3 year old's water.  They are not very attentive and do forget.  The busser who kept bringing us soda paid more attention to us.  I did not see his name but he came to the table more than our waitor did.   Our waitor also as I read someone else experienced this in their review kept holding the comp check to the candle a few times..... as if he didnt think the check was real? Or did not want to accept it? He ultimately did.  I mean, it was an excalibur check.  I would not return to this place as it is completely average.  Also, the chocolate cake for dessert?? Mine tasted like the chocolate frozen lava cakes I buy at Fresh n Easy. Save your money/ comps and dine elsewhere at the Excalibur.  This was not worth the money, good thing we mostly used comps but we paid out of pocket too.Edited to say that I will say the older hostess Diane.... was a doll! very sweet lady!
2	food was ok, not great. ambiance was directed towards older clients. cocktails boring.
4	Be prepared to pay high prices for the food here. The only reason I stopped by was because of a $20 food and beverage credit, and I wanted to use it on food, and not drinks, since, well, sustenance was more important. This was one of the food places (perhaps the only?) for the $20 food and beverage credit you get for staying at the Excalibur (and probably Luxor too). Sides are priced at around $6. For $20, the closest items were the burger ($20) or the roasted chicken ($24). I ended up ordering the roasted chicken. It tasted pretty great. It is on the small side though. Sides weren't included. I can't comment on sides for the burger, since I didn't order it, but I believe all sides are a la carte (priced at around $6/side). It's a very nice place for a fancy/elegant dinner. Just win a jackpot down in the casino before heading to the steakhouse.
2	Meh.Prices are pretty outrageous for what you get, service is sub-par and the wait was pretty long despite the fact that we had a reservation.Meh.
1	With so many places to go in Vegas, this is a place to avoid.  Service was slow, food wasn't that great and for vegas...you are left wanting more...a lot more.....
2	First, the good:  Our appetizer that was an artichoke cheese dip was fantastic.  The french onion soup was really good.  My side dish that was the blue cheese au gratin potatoes was my favorite of everything.  Lastly, our waiter was incredibly attentive.Now, the bad:  Our steaks were horrendous.  I realize some fat on the cut of meat is necessary...but so much that it was difficult to chew on any piece of meat stinks.  Unfortunately since it is a steakhouse, the main dish was what we looked forward to.  Will not be returning with so many other steakhouse options.
5	Quite literally the best restaurant I have ever been to. I have spent a lot more money at other restaurants and the food and service didn't even come close. We went there for dinner on Valentines day 2012 and it was amazing! We will be there again soon!
2	A three course meal for $36- on the Strip.  Should be warning enough.  Not bad- but certainly not as good as they are trying to be.  Portions are huge (like everything in Vegas).  The steak was ordered medium-rare but it came medium.  Meh.  The asparagus was over cooked to the point of being nearly-mush!  It was very sad- such a mean thing to do to asparagus.  The burger- which was apparently tasty- what ridiculous!  Its covered in a lump-crab coleslaw that is piled far too high for anyone to be able to pick up their burger and actually eat it...  Service was fine- but far less attentive than a high-quality steak house.Not a place I would return to.  On the plus side- when staying at the Excalibur (which is an adventure in its own right) you get $20 off... so that makes it better.
3	The first experience I had was great. Good service, good food.  So we went back a few days ago. Mistake.The service was non-existent. The waiter was there to take the order, deliver the deserts, and bring the check. He never came around to ask if the food was cooked correctly (it wasn't - both of or steaks were supposed to be medium, they both came out nearly well done).  We waited for a while to see if we could have it fixed, but we eventually gave up and ate them anyway. It's not a though it was busy, it was late at night and there were, at most, a dozen people there in the whole restaurant.  A completely disappointing experience from start to finish, which sucks because our first meal there was good enough to make us want to return. I don't know if I'll return again, with so many better options out there who put out a consistent product.
4	We came here for my wife's birthday dinner and the experience was unforgettable. The manager went out of his way to put a bandaid on my daughter's finger for a small cut. All of our dinners were exceptional, especially the prime rib. The service was great and all the staff was friendly and attentive. A must-try when in Vegas.
1	Food was just ok but service sucked! The only people that were friendly were the 2 ladies at the front.Our server wasn't very great and I didn't like how he first approached us. He looked at us and kind of made a look like these girls aren't gonna order much, so it didn't seem like he wanted to be our server.We ordered lobster bisque, steak, alaskan king crab legs, and 2 sides. To be honest nothing outstanding and it wasn't going well probably because of the service. The other guy that was clearing our table would just come out of no where and just take our plates without asking if we were done. My gf still had food on her plate, she was taking a little breather and we were talking and he just came by and grabbed her plate. She had to tell him she wasn't done. The next time he did that we just didn't say anything and asked for the check. They don't box up your food if you have leftovers.Our server took a while to bring us our check, he rarely ever came by to ask how we were doing. I asked if they took travelers check and he said he would check and he took the travelers check and comes back saying I have to sign it and walks away. I was thinking I only asked and I didn't even put the full amount to pay the bill yet. Of course 5 min later he comes back saying I didn't give him enough money which by then I had the exact amount he needed right on the table so all I did was point at the money on the table and he just walked away.We will never be coming back here again! Trust me when I say don't come here there are so many other restaurants to eat at that are way better!
1	Just got to vegas. Family really hungry and wanted to try good food. I was very disappointed with the service and the quality of food. Even my children noticed the dry steak and the tasteless meatloaf. Asparagus was unseasoned as well and they charge  10 bucks for a baked potatoes and another 10 for a side of fries.
4	Definitely worth it if you are one lonely person and you have the $20 off coupon from staying at Excalibur. $40 prix fixe menu became $25 (with %20 tip on original price). Get a starter of soup or salad. Salad was okay, but I'd ask for dressing in the side next time. Free bread, my favorite. I got two slices of plain white and a cranberry walnut that was pretty good, but too much cranberry, I think. I had the salmon for my main, but you can get chicken, meatloaf or steak. I was a little iffy on the sundried tomato butter, but that turned out to be the best part of the dish. Sadly, there was only a tiny bit on a large piece of fish, not nearly enough to go around. But the salmon itself was tender amd a little crispy on the sides. Yum! No complaints there.Finally, dessert, a choice of creme brulee or a cookie? brownie? and ice cream? Maybe? Umm, I just saw "creme brulee" and was like, "YES. I WILL HAVE THAT." Not the best creme brulee, but it was  definitely a good creme brulee. Service was nice and attentive and I didn't have to wait forever and a half for the check like most places.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed my meal here. It is not somewhere I would have normally picked to dine while in Vegas, but since my husband and I had a nice comp to use, we decided to give it a shot.I started with a tomato mozzarella salad. Thick and juicy slices of beefsteak tomato were stacked between soft mozzarella slices, then topped with fresh basil and balsamic vinegar. It was good enough that I could have had a second salad for my entree... and maybe even a third for dessert. My husband went with a caesar salad, which he also enjoyed.We both ordered filets, and they came out perfectly cooked and seasoned. The blue cheese au gratin potato we chose for our side was phenomenal! The blue cheese was actually in a sauce used to drizzle over the potatoes and it was full of flavor. I probably would've licked the dish if there weren't other tables around. :)We selected an inside-out chocolate lava cake for dessert. The sauce that is usually in the center of a lava cake was instead on top, and was accompanied by an assortment of berries. It was good... not spectacular, but good.The one downfall with this restaurant was the ambiance... or lack thereof. It just didn't feel as nice as some of the other steakhouses I've been to in Vegas. However, the prices did reflect that... in a good way! The meal tasted fancy-schmancy, at a less fancy-schmancy price.
2	Had a $20 off coupon.  Service was slow and waiter was a bit "gruff".  Took forever for our bread to come  even though people that arrived after us were receiving their bread.  When it did come the butter was cold and unspreadable.  Had to basically put clumps of butter over the bread.  I ordered a pumpkin martini and it was excellent.  I also had the lobster bisque which was, admittedly, very good.  The prime rib was 16oz.  It was actually too big.  I ordered it medium rare, I like it bloody, and it came out probably a little underdone.  I expected it to be very tender and basically melt in my mouth.  It didn't.  It was tougher than expected.  Overall it was a little bit of an underwhelming experience and if I had to choose a steakhouse in Vegas again I'd go elsewhere.
2	I don't know what disappointed us more here: the service or the food?! Perhaps the poor service wins this battle, since the initial interaction with our server set the mood. I imagine we're not the first people to stay at Excalibur who decide to use the $20 credit here, since it's not valid at their buffet. We weren't going to waste the credit at a bar, where drinks are free if you're gambling. My husband and I stopped in here a little less than two hours before the Jersey Boys show, playing down the Strip at Paris. Doors to the show open half an hour early and we were going to walk there, so we knew we'd only have time for appetizers which was fine with us.We presented our $20 credit upon ordering, as required, and told the servers we had a show to get to. He then asked when it was, and when we told him insisted we had time for entrees and rolled his eyes at us when we declined. I get in big trouble with hubby when I do this, and he was most unhappy at the unprofessional gesture from our server. Bread was brought to the table as we waited for sliders for my husband, a Caesar salad for me, and seasoned fries to share. Although my husband ordered the sliders rare, and we are really comfortable with steaks cooked less-than-rare, the ground beef was cold and uncooked in the center of his sliders, and his caramelized onions were uncooked as well. The seasoned fries were unseasoned and a thick cut fry without much flavor. My Caesar salad was server without fresh pepper offered for it, and the croutons seemed like they were found in an old box, rather than house-made. Overall, the food disappointed but the service was the worst. We have no plans to stay at the Excalibur again, and without the free $20 credit for guests of the hotel, we won't be returning here either. They only get two stars because the hostess at the front was the only friendly face we encountered (she was super), and when we told her about the subpar experience as we left, she honestly wanted to make it right, but we assured her our decision to never return was everyone's fault but hers.
4	$36 3 course dinner [per person] + amazingly perfectly cooked steak + delicious twice baked potatoes, fresh salad and incredible creme burl+ decent staff and service+ uptight atmosphere, with laid back guests-------------------------------------------------------------------100 % hit the spot, before gambling the night away!MMMM!
4	Best place we ate at during our trip. There were some good selections on the menu but I went with the angus burger. It had a crab slaw with shrimp and BBQ sauce on it. It sounded interesting and it tasted great! Everyone else was happy with their selections. Kid friendly. Their prices were reasonable with an affordable wine and beer list. Service was good. It took a few minutes to get started but the manager came by and spoke with our table. Making the rounds is always good to do.
4	The best steak I have had in years. Cooked to a perfect medium rare. Salad was crisp with a tangy blue cheese dressing. The waiter forgot my milk.
5	Located right inside the Excalibur hotel, this is a convenient place to go if you are staying there. I received a $20 food voucher when I booked my room at Excalibur.  Items on the menu were a little pricey, so I ordered a few side items instead of an entree with my voucher. That being said, best tomato soup and mashed potatoes I've ever had!!!! The staff was friendly but seemed disappointed when I mentioned my voucher. Also, this restaurant is only open for dinner.
3	Well, I always like a good steak! I would say this place was just ok, but I'd probably prefer a basic steak at Outback for the same or less cost.We went with the prix fixe meal and the salad was quite good, with lots of spinach and multi-colored tomatoes.Steaks were not bad, could have used a little more seasoning but otherwise it was a decent meal. The chocolate (individual bundt) cake was pretty good too as it was warm and came with ice cream. The Creme brulee however was a little too eggy for me.I think the part I liked the least was the basic and boring decor. It was fairly empty, although we were having dinner at 8pm so maybe they were busy earlier. I wasn't completely comfortable there. Also for $90 I'd prefer a little better of a meal since there are so many buffets and other options in Vegas.
5	We went here for dinner and the food was great. I don't like most of the bulk style buffet meals Vegas is generally known for, so I looked around for a new restaurant to try that I had not been to. This place was in a elegant setting with great customer service. If you are in Vegas and want a good meal and great service, go to The Steakhouse at Camelot.
1	Service was pleasant enough but the food was so average for the price. We went there because of a $20 coupon but even that wasn't enough to save it. I will give them kudos for cooking the steak exactly medium rare but it had little seasoning and the side of mashed potatoes and asparagus were pretty tasteless. Think Denny's at three times the price. And my daughter would not even eat the French fries--they were that bad.  Wait! Dessert just arrived. Ewh!!
5	LOVE it!!! looking for a great steak or lobster so worth it, the lobster tail was so sweet tender and good and only 39.00 was so impressed! its not on the meun but you can ask for surf and turf its 70 includes steak a large lobster tail, soup or salad and dessert. beautiful resturant with candles lite, clean cool set up and great staff, enjoyed it very much. so worth going your missing out if you don't .
2	I'll just come right out & say it. Service sucked! Period. From the moment we sat down & weren't serviced, to the times we had empty glasses & weren't serviced, to the times we asked for bread & weren't serviced, to when we got the $300+ bill and it took them 10 or more minutes to pick it up. BUT, the food was great. So weigh it out, folks... Bad service but great food... Bad service but great food. Some (myself included) would say we expect both. In which case, look for fine dining elsewhere. It's Vegas, baby. There are plenty of other choices, just take your pick. ....and Good Luck ; )
4	We had dinner here, back on Thurs/Jun 5, and it was fabulous from start to finish.  From the moment we arrived, we were greeted by friendly Hostess Karen.  Our very attentive and efficient Server was Steven.  During the meal, Ryan (Manager?) stopped by 2X to ask how every was.  We had the Pre Fixe NY Steak and the Meatloaf dinners.  Delicious.  Salad and desserts great.  Almost didn't go after reading some of the 'negative' Reviews but decided to take our chances because of the many positive Reviews as well.  We each used our $20 food credit.  (I asked if Jose works there because of the negative feedback and was told he does work there but that night was his night off.  Ask for Steven to be your Server and give this restaurant a try!)
3	I put this at 3 stars.It's ok for a steakhouse, when I went I had good service, and ordered the New York with a Onion Soup and a wedge salad. The Onion soup was strictly average, good but not great, the salad was decent, fairly large compared to other steakhouses... The steak itself was fine, it's priced at USDA prime levels, but honestly unless you are eating here with the $20 coupon I'd walk up to New York New York and go to Gallagher's steakhouse. They are changing the same price and the steaks do not compare.3 stars.. strictly average.. service was 5 stars though.
4	Good food and great service of a table of 6. We were in and out in about 1 hour for dinner. The Tomato bisque soup was amazing. I had the chicken which was a little dry. I should have ordered the steak but I wanted to save a few dollars since it was our first night in Vegas.
1	I'm sorry but the food was not at all what I expected. Service was terrible and management made not attempt to address the disappointment after trying to make our steaks correct. Apparently the chief does not know what is "Medium Well"??It was either Well or Raw. How can a business exist? Never again.
5	All four of us agree  the food was great. Two had the lobster and declared it to be much better than while in S. F.  One had the pre fixed meal for $39.95 and declared it to be a fantastic deal. I had the prime rib which was large & cooked to perfection.The service was fantastic. I have never experienced such polite & efficient service at any restaurant.
1	Pretentious and not professional!  They absolutely could not listen when we ordered! Wanted a Steak with a baked potato not an ice-cream scoop of mashed potatoes! They charged me $6.00 for the Baked Potato, and brought out the mashed potatoes any way! For a place who has STEAK in the name, I can get a better quality at Dennys! Tough and thin. All in all this was a disappointing meal, the waiter was a pretentious condescending, %##@$ ! Fill in the characters! The cost was staggering based on the quality and the staff! Never again!
5	Went there for the brunch buffet. The staff was super friendly and very helpful. We will definitely come back. Great service, good food!
4	Me and my sister were looking for a place to eat brunch.  The line for this place was pretty long but we didn't have a long wait. The buffett was great and it  was at a decent price. From made to order omlettes, cheese blitzes, turkey sausage, waffles, eggs, and a variety of fresh fruits everything was tasty. The staff was very friendly as well. I highly recommend this place if you are hungry and looking for a nice place for brunch.
4	I came here with for the breakfast buffet with a group of friends. The staff was friendly, service was great, because we were a larger party they put us in a private room. I have a severe gluten intolerance, so I had to be really careful on what I got. I ordered a custom made omelet (no gluten containing ingredients, so the system worked), and I got a few items off the buffet. I had bacon, sausage, fruit and cottage cheese as well as a glass of orange juice. I didn't have a reaction and all but the sausage was good (I just didn't care for it).
2	Ordered a three courses fixed menu, onion soup was crazy salty, complained to the waiter, he was nice enough to change it to salad for me! Steak was below average for the price, not even compare to high end steakhouse I had been to! Overall good service, but super bad/salty food! I gave 3 stars to the waiter/service, this place, -1 star, so 2 stars left!
1	I was extra hungry from spending nearly all day at the pool. I thoroughly disappointed by the steakhouse at Camelot in many ways.Trying to celebrate my mother's birthday, we had a party of five so the wait was lengthy. We were sat next to the kitchen door on a foldout round table. Not complaining just informing. My disappointment came from mostly from the food. The service was a little lackluster for the price but passable. I ordered a medium ribeye. I received a medium-well charred shoe. To the chef's credit, there was about two bites that were pink and could classify as medium but did not taste any different than the rest of the flavorless chunk of meat. I have not had a steak that bad since my last trip to sizzler. My sister ordered a medium well New York strip, which explains the charring of my steak, it too was subpar. Lack of seasoning and low quality meat are my guess. At $35+ without sides they really need to step up there game.We have eaten here in the past with no complaints but we will not be back.
4	Thanks to my wife having a $50 comp, we decided to eat here for dinner on our first night in Vegas last week.  We have eaten here once before, but it looks like I forgot to write a review.  Now, this steakhouse isn't the fanciest of all the steakhouses in Vegas by any means, but don't let that fool you.  The food here is actually quite good for what you pay.  The same filet that's $36 here, is $62 at Prime at Bellagio.  Now I know that Prime may possibly use a higher quality of meat and blah blah blah, but is it really $30 better?  I'm not so sure.As for our meal, my wife started out with the tomato mozzarella salad, while I started with the lobster bisque.  My wife loves this salad, and my soup came in a huge bowl.  They definitely don't short you on the portions here.  I know that some of the fancy restaurants in Vegas can present you with a very pretty plate, but you still end up leaving hungry.  That's not the case here.  My soup was great.  Both of us ordered the 8 ounce filet, which were cooked perfectly.  We also ordered a side of their mac and cheese, which I thought was good as well.  We didn't have room for dessert, so we passed on that.  We split a dessert on our previous visit, and found it to be very underwhelming.The only knock I can give this place is that it took our waiter a good 15-20 minutes to bring us our check.  This seems like ages when you're ready to go.  I think this was mainly due to this waiter had way more tables than he could handle.  I enjoyed our meal here, and really do think they offer good value for the money.  I'll come here again if we have a similar comp.
