3	Pretty sure this is the dive-iest dive I've ever been to.They have bar shuffleboard (LOVE IT), are sort of lenient about checking IDs (as in they don't?), and always have groups of rowdy drunkies ready to start fights and talk shit, which always proves to be an interesting time.My 3-star rating is not indicative of a classy, safe place, but rather one that after leaving, we always have a good story for the next day at work starting with "Holy shit man, you'll never guess what happened last night at Baja's...."
3	This place is A-ok in my book!! Been there once and I plan on returning. A co-worker and I ventured in this place - not having any expectations and we were surprised how decent it was. Definately what you call a dive bar... Bartender that night was one of those grumpy old looking guys who turn out to be pretty damn funny. Great guy who definately knows his sports. Place gots the whole digital jukebox thing going, a couple of pool tables, golf game, a few tv's  and shuffleboard. Cheap alcohol with plenty of beers on tap... A great place to drink a cold one after a long night at work
4	Oh yes, dive bar delux.Frankly, I would never have gone here unless it were for my friends Amy and Eric.  It's there go-to place, and I'm glad they brought me!The shuffleboard is quite fun, the jukebox is pretty good, too.  Beware that Saturday night is karaoke night, which may have you leaving the place with your ears bleeding.  I can't tell you how many times I've sat there on a Saturday shaking my head in dismay at peoples attempts at singing.So aside from the frigtening karaoke, their drinks are cheap, and if you get liquor, they are pretty damn generous with their pours, so be warned!I haven't gotten food there, so I don't have any reports on that!
5	We have been there a couple of few times at different times of the day. Best bartender in the valley is Kayla oh and Joe is the best as well. I think he works the night shift and she works the day shift. They are both courteous and make you feel at home... kinda like cheers
4	You know I love a good dive bar.... and this is a dive for sure. However I must over emphasize the GOOD part. Always I great time at the Baja. I usually stop in once or twice a week for some late night shuffle board and Miller Lite. Mark behind the bar is awesome and great to talk some sports with. They also have a few pool tables, Internet juke box and plenty of tv's to watch some sports on. Check 'em out! But be warned, shuffle board is mine!
