4	i love the donuts. there is so much to pick from and the sandwiches are bomb!!!
3	Terrible location, excellent food. I'll be returning for sure to surprise my co-workers with breakfast!
3	Ok so this place isn't in the best area, it's kinda in the hood but i've always had a theory about hood joints and this one is no exception. The doughnuts here are amazing! always big and fluffy and tasty, exactly what I expect from a good donut. They also have really good food, I didn't notice it at first but there's a menu on the left wall LOL. And if you're a fan of Mexican pastry, they've got those too :) I don't live very far from here so I visit at least once a month or more. For sure worth a visit a true hidden gem.
4	Great donuts.They have  a wide selection of donuts, at a great price. There are 4 different sizes large, medium, small, and donut holes. I wasn't too big of a fan of the donut holes. They are hard as a rock, but the regular s/m/l size are great. I have had donuts where as soon as I finish swallowing my bite I start burping up the flavor. (I know that is gross) These donuts don't have that problem the taste is on point. The lady that attended to my donut needs was very servile. Plus I can honestly say that the tamales (served in the morning only) are the fucking GREATEST, I am very pertinacious about that. (just saying)I know that people are a bit vituperative about the location, but seriously the food and donuts are worth it.The reason why I have given -1 star is because there is no frozen yogurt, and location. Although I would still recommend you try the food.
2	Pretty plain. What was weird, the frosting was falling off the donut as you bite into it, now that is a reflection on the freshness... The place has great reviews and that's why I actually stopped by this hole in a wall but I know a good donut and this place does not have em
2	Jason and I used to go to this place for their.. ahem. Bacon Donuts. Yup, I said it. Delicious chocolate or maple frosted raised donuts with either a whole strip or crumbled bacon pieces on it. They were heavenly. Equally as heavenly was the apple filled donuts they had the first time we came around. The service on our first visit was phenomenal, the girl at the counter was super helpful and not at all annoyed when we asked for a minute to look through the selections or asked questions.What the hell happened since then? The 2 times we've been back, no matter how early we seemed to get there (I think most donut places should have all offerings at 8-9am still) there are NO bacon donuts, and NO apple filled donuts. When we ask about them, all we get is this nasty attitude from the girls at the counter since. Like I should know better to ask about the apple filled when behind the sign that says "apple filled" has jelly donuts. Ugh!Anyway, I doubt we'd be back. We were thinking the service the second time was a fluke. Our mistake, clearly the good service we had the first time around and their bacon and apple filled donuts are all fluke occurrances.
4	The place is kinda grundgy, the area says car jacking, the building looks like it gets robbed regularly, but.....the Donuts rock! I stopped in for a dozen assorted,  and we enjoyed them all weekend long. Having said that, I WOULD NOT come here after dark.
4	These guys make great donuts. Kind of a hole in the wall place and doesn't grab your attention...but if you're in the know, this is the place to get donuts! I got a dozen for my co-workers and they were housed pretty quick. Lots of variety and price is average.
