5	This salon is one of the best in town. Their customer service was phenomenal and they always remember your name.  They have a Hot stone spa pedicure for $19 and many other pedicures at reasonable prices.
5	Great place and great prices! Massage is timed so you never get gypt! Good selection and the hot stomes are included in the cheepest pedi! You also get a quick shoulder rub while your toes dry! I got the callus remover the last time and the lady took about 20 min really making sure my feet were super smooth! Love it and will deffinitly keep going back!!
1	Took two and a half hours for Mani pedi. I sat for long periods of time in between with no one working on me while they accommodated other walk-ins. My GEL!! Manicure chipped off 5 fingers by day 3.
3	I have been here 3 times.  They are very friendly and the place is clean.  The only negative is that they can be very busy.  They try to accomodate all walk-ins so it took 2 1/2 hrs for a mani/pedi as during my manicure the worker kept going back and forth between clients.  I enjoy the pedicures and they are decently priced but I prefer one-on-one attention because I want to get in and out as fast as possible.
4	Not bad!!! :) Came here after being treated rudely at another nearby salon. Had a limited window to get my nails done and found this place online with decent reviews. I did not receive the best pedicure, the pricing wasn't as originally presented nor did my treatment last very long... However, the customer service was great (Thank you Tommy!!!!), it was clean and comfortable, and the leg/foot massage (especially the warm stones) felt great!!! I would recommend this place to others but not if your looking for an inexpensive, well detailed  and thorough pedicure. They are good though overall and the atmosphere is great (hence the 4 stars)!!!
1	I tried this nail salon after reading all the good reviews. The staff was very friendly, but kept telling me I wanted a pedicure which I never requested and acted bent out of shape that I didn't want one. I went in to get a gel fill and gel polish change only and told them that over the phone when I scheduled. They didn't have that many gel colors to choose from and the girl kept telling me I needed a powder (acrylic) fill, but I finally got her to agree that I needed a gel fill. I felt like she was not familiar/comfortable with the liquid gel. Most of my nails are filed crooked as well. 3 of my nails have broke since I have had them done. I am net very hard on them either and I have never had a gel nail break before and I have been getting them done for years. I am really upset over my experience. I don't have tips, just my real nails, so I am going to have to wait awhile to have them fixed correctly.
4	I like this nail shop. They are clean and pamper you.  However they can be a bit pushy on their upsells. If you go, I suggest Cindy for nails/manicures and Rose for pedicures. I didn't care for Kelly she is not good at acrylic nails and insists on doing it her way after I told her a million times that I didn't like it her way.
5	I love it here. I'm new to Mesa and I found it by chance. The prices are reasonable, the last few times I got a French gel manicure and a French pedicure and it was around $60. They also give a shoulder massage while your nails are drying which is cool. Also, my gel manicures last 3-4 weeks from these guys and other places only 2-3 weeks. That's saying a lot because I am a teacher and my nail polish usually takes a beating at work.
4	My friend and I found this place on yelp and loved it! We were seated right away and we both had a full set done for a reasonable price ($20!) And they said the next time we come back it would only be $14 for a fill! But they were very friendly... ask for Roger!
5	I had gotten a full set and a pedicure. I love the color on my toes! They fixed my hot mess nails I had gotten done at another local salon and made me feel at home. The prices are fantastic and they are very sweet ladies. Haven't met the men who work here but I love it!!!
5	Great job great price.  I left my wallet.  When I called an hour later they had it.  No cash missing either.    I'll be sure to come back
