4	Cold Stone has the best ice cream! I would reccommend ordering one of the signatures, or if you like fried ice cream try ordering french vanilla or sweet cream ice cream and put churros in it, it tastes like fried ice cream. Also, get a dipped bowl or cone, they are made fresh daily!!!!!!!!
5	The 5 stars are bcs I am biased towards coldstone icecream in general. Get the smallest portion always, its always the best when you are not too full :) I love so many flavours, you can try to mix as many things as you want, dont be scared to mix your own, dont worry no one will judge you, its your ice cream :)
3	I definitely like this location better than the one in Tempe.  It is larger and brighter.  But how cool is it that the first Cold Stone was opened in Tempe AZ in 1988!  I'm not that big on ice cream, but I had a craving for some, so a friend and I headed to this location.  I had the Churro Caramel Crave: I was overwhelmed!  This is for serious ice cream lovers!  My friend created his own banana pudding: sweet cream ice cream, bananas and graham cracker.  It was actually really good!
4	Yummy oh so good! Tried the mint chocolate chip with brownie and it was awesome! Love ice cream!
4	Pretty much the same as any other Cold Stone. i.e. delicious! Yes, its true the staff will sing if you give them a tip.
2	They ran out of the peach tea flavor they advertised on TV. It was only noon. We got some other flavors and it was just okay...
1	Came in during summer when it was extremely hot. Given those circumstances, best place to chill would be in coldstones!Unfortunately, the strawberry ice cream and the mint chocolate chip ice cream my friend got were melting by the time we had paid...and we didn't even lick the ice cream yet! I know AZ temperatures can be crazy but I wish the there was better temperature control. That said, the strawberry ice cream juice that I drank was pretty good. The service was really helpful, but the guy behind the counter seemed really pushy in trying to help us decide. Won't come back again...but never say never! Maybe the hot temperatures will drive us in here!
3	Not impressed by the dirty dining area. The 3 ladies working were busy discussing problem customers. Too pricey for a bad experience here. The new hot cookie was good but not great for the 6 dollar price.
2	Meh...I don't know why I keep going to Cold Stone. I don't like it, never have, never will.It was pretty busy when I brought my kids over the weekend. There was a good sized line (not quite out the door but headed that way). There were about 5 teens working behind the counter. At one point only one was working, the other four were just talking to each other.The ice cream is gross, over-priced, and the service had little to be desired. If my kids didn't want ice cream NOW, I would have convinced them to go elsewhere. At least I now know there's a yogurt place in Tempe Marketplace...I'll be sure to check that out next time.
5	I love me some Cold Stone ice cream especially after a movie, sometimes before. It works out that it is right next door to the movie theater. That is really the only time I come here or go to any Cold Stone really. It is an excuse to indulge once in awhile.I am stuck on the Birthday Cake Remix. It is so good. But all of their ice cream is so good. Sure it is a little on the expensive side but it is worth it once in awhile.Staff is always friendly and will chat with you while they put together your ice cream. The last time I was in there there was a family ahead of me and the kids were getting ice cream and after he made one of their orders he scooped it up tossed it into the air and caught it in the cup. They didn't seem to notice or weren't that impressed but I was. That was pretty cool. Of course I was waiting for him to miss. There was probably a reason he only did it once. Still a nice trick and A+ for doing it.When the weather is good it is nice to sit outside and take some time and enjoy your ice cream. Maybe people watch a little.I will keep coming back after I see a movie and get my ice cream fix. Maybe some day I will try something besides Birthday Cake Remix.
4	Unfortunately this is the closest Cold Stone to my house, because I often crave it but parking is usually terrible at Tempe Marketplace. The service and quality has always been great here and I'm glad it's starting to warm up so I have an excuse to go more often.
4	I'm truly not an ice cream person, unless ice cream isn't the main event, but Cold Stone has something that's just perfect for me! They have this chocolate lava mountain sunday dish that was amazing! It starts off with a nice warm brownie drizzled in chocolate sauce then add some sweet cream ice cream, add more chocolate sauce top that with some whipped cream sprinkled with shaved chocolate!  That right there is a sweet tooth's heaven!
4	Cold Stone! Fun and delicious.... It's a great place to bring your kids to let them pick out their sugar introduced comma. This location is always packed because of where it's at but I've never had bad service from here or any of their other locations.
2	Went there with several elderlies.  They didn't open until 11:25am even there is big business hour sign says 11:00am.  Without out any explanation and excuse nor greeting, we started order something that might pleasant us.  I asked the lady behind the counter which ones you strong recommend because my people don't come very often, the answer is" check the menu, it's on there."  All right all right, maybe she was frustrated by the late too.  Then there's a tall young guy looks like manager in his suit came out from the pantry, he appear pro but kinda pushy, hey!  There was nobody else besides us ok?  After we tasted it, we thought The ice cream was tasted so so and surely over pricy.  It's fine, cause my people enjoyed the atmosphere at Tempe market place but when you see several elderlies in wheel chair, don't you need to apologize about the late or so.  Sigh...  Bad outing experience ever!
4	I don't go to Coldstone very often because it's very expensive for ice cream, but this Coldstone was really fun. The guys behind the counter sang funny songs while they worked and were very friendly. My Oreo-filling with shredded coconut was very good!
5	We had taken our kids out to see Santa last night and then wanted to take them for a fun treat. My parents were tagging along for the fun. We just did a quick map search for a nearby ice cream shop and this was the closest place. When I told my mom that we were going to Cold Stone, she literally groaned. Cold Stone is not her favorite choice for ice cream. Imagine my surprise, then, when my mom ended up by tipping $2 as she paid for her sweet treat last night! Not only was she excited by the prospect of being able to get a brownie dessert (something we've never gotten at any other Cold Stone and which she really did like,) but we also were all entertained (from age 5 up to age 71) by the singing/flinging servers. Not only did they sing their appreciation for every tip placed in the jar, but they were slinging the ice cream into the cups and putting on quite a show. No wonder the line was nearly out the door when we arrived at this fun little store! It was a great way to end a fun family night out. Kudos to the owner and staff for hiring so well and doing such a great job!!!
