3	The salads are tasty, but a bit pricey. Lunch for two with small drinks was $23!  I expected it to be cheaper than Jason's Deli's salad bar because there are fewer standard choices (i.e. pudding, humus, cottage cheese).  The menu doesn't offer many non-salad lunch options either.  On the bright side, the ambiance was nice and the vintage movie photos were a great touch.
4	I'm loving all the new food treasures in Downtown lately!  This joint is walking distance from my dad's office, so we stopped in the other day.  How fitting to have old courtroom decor and movie posters from Inherit The Wind!I immediately decided on the brown rice bowl with a Limonata and my dad ordered a wrap.  We were the only ones enjoying a late lunch, but the staff made us feel welcome without that "we close in 30 minutes" vibe, so it was quite enjoyable.I'm looking foward to my next meeting Downtown...hopefully around lunchtime so I can make a stop in again.  Also, this could be the perfect spot for a Saturday brunch!
2	I'm no expert, but I would assume its not a good idea to open a restaurant until you're able to provide the best service and your full product.I read a review in Las Vegas Seven magazine and the place sounded great. Walking in the place looked as charming as it was described in the magazine, but the menu was definitely limited. Just sandwiches, hot dogs, smoothies, veggie bowls and smoothies.I made the mistake of ordering a turkey sandwich which was just on regular sandwich bread and had plan deli meat and cheese and the gross white part of the lettuce and soggy tomatoes. Not worth the price, at all. And my order of chips was literally (I counted them) 7 chips.Their chopped salads looked like something you'd clean out of a lawn mower, but nearly everyone int he restaurant was eating one.My dining partner had a hotdog that was offensively long and only served up with small thimble-sized servings of mustard, ketchup, relish and onions.Again, for the price and the location, you'd expect at least *some* effort into these dishes.I've tried to go to Verdict's Inn recently because it's so close to my office and because the smoothies aren't that bad (but seriously, how do you mess up a smoothie?) but the doors were locked. I'm not sure if they've already gone out of business, or they've decided to wait and open when they're able to serve good food.I hoped for the best because of the location, but if you're downtown, and you're hungry, until the Verdicts Inn can get their act together, you're better off at The Beat on 6th and Fremont.
5	I am completely biased due to the fact that I live above the restaurant but I will say this the Italian sandwich is "to live for!" I have had it almost religiously and the fact that I can enjoy it with an amazingly healthy smoothie makes the experience all the better. Though they have only been open a few months I like where they are heading with their food selections. The Verdicts Inn is a great place to get a nice lunch and to people watch, especially since they are 100ft from the world famous Pawn Stars!
2	Well, I gave it a shot...twice... before writing this review.  My co-worker mentioned seeing this place a while back and when I saw the Groupon, I decided I'd give it a try.  I got the cobb salad the first time and it was eh.  The second time I went I made my own chopped salad and they forgot the artichoke hearts and totally skimped on the turkey (which you pay extra for).  My salad was super overdressed and pretty soggy by the time I got back to my office (which is 2 blocks away).  The service is slow and there seems to be a lot of confusion behind the counter.  I understand that it hasn't been there more than a couple months but really...get your shit together.   A $10 salad isn't worth this nonsense!
3	The food is good, but the price brought it down to three stars. I just can't spend $8 or $9 on a sandwich.  If I want to spend that type of money, I will go to a sitdown place.
2	Sigh . . . another "could have been" lunch spot for downtown.Since downtown's main "industry" appears to be law and the herds of lawyers running around in suits all day, designing a lunch restaurant around the law was a clever idea.  So I walked into this place ready to be its cheerleader, ready to be excited that we finally have a solid lunch spot for downtown.But . . . the service was awful and I feel bad saying it, because it looks like they're trying, but they are slow.  Frighteningly slow.  You should just know that you're gonna wait for a long time if you go there for lunch.  And that's just unacceptable for a downtown lunch spot.  A good lunch spot with a business or law clientele needs to turn and burn.  I've been here a few times, however, and the wait just hasn't improved.As for the menu, it's ambitious.  I'm not sure they've got their final menu items nailed down but they've got some good options for salads and sandwiches.  I've had a few sandwiches and salads and they're good.  Not great.  One huge plus: the ingredients are fresh.  Sadly, that's a rare compliment in downtown Vegas.  But one other negative for the Verdict is that the staff gets confused easily.  I've been given the wrong order at least twice.  If the service starts executing orders faster and correctly, there are some tasty options that I would love to cheer about.All for an average price of $9 for a salad and $8.50 for a sandwich.  That's a hefty price for so many problems with the service and food that's only good enough.And that said, I still want this place to succeed.  We downtown workers need it to succeed.  There's few options outside of Fremont casinos for downtown workers.  So, I'll be back periodically with the hope that Verdict's Inn improves.
4	Generally speaking, the downtown lunch scene is limited and kind of all over the place.Enter The Verdict's Inn.  It's a great, solid place for lunch downtown.My favorite thing is the salad; there's a create your own salad option, where for $7, I can have all the ingredients that my little heart desires.  There's a charge for some extras, like avocado or extra protein.  But I've never paid $7 flat for a salad that has like 10 toppings on it, and of my own choosing to boot -- stuff others would likely find repulsive.  Hello cranberries, salami, mandarin oranges and olives!  I love that.They do chop up the salad and toppings so it seems different.  But a salad by any other chop is still a salad and just as good.  Also, the portions are big and satisfying. I've also had the Old Man hot dog, which was delicious.  All the hot dogs are named after the Pawn Stars stars, which I dig.  At times, they can take a long time, but in the grand scheme of things, it's okay (a) when you take into account the awesome salad option, and (b) consider comparable lunch options in downtown Vegas.  Getting there early to beat the lunch rush also seems to help.        As a tip, there's a parking lot for customers directly across the street on Gass.  Initially, parking seemed to be limited to the meters on Gass (or walking).  That has been remedied!Overall, The Verdict's Inn is good and I'll take it any day over Quizno's.
1	I've tried this place twice.  The first time I ate here, I ordered the "Bench Warrant" rice bowl.  Not totally disgusting and it got a few bites out of me.  Not impressed.  The second time I ordered an egg sandwich.  Who messes up an egg sandwich??  The Verdict's Inn does that's who!!!  Not only did they get my order wrong, the egg was disgusting, they used shredded cheese, and topped it with way too much spinach and lettuce.  I asked for no pico and guess what, my sandwich was drenched with it.  I'll NEVER eat here again!
3	They offer a wide variety of options, but they have some work to do. They have a great "make your own salad" option, which is nice. The staff isn't friendly and they seem a tad over-priced for the the standard items they offer. The seating can be crammed during lunch and is often a little messy. It is still a good place for downtown, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
