4	If you're in the mood for "high quality" sub sandwiches and pastas, then Mr. Goodcents is just what you're looking for.  They are quite different from your average run-of-the-mill sandwich shop, both in quality and availability.  They are available for deliveries, close to campus (which is always a plus), and they take Sun Dollars too.  This comfortable restraunt should be on the top of every student's list.  Check them out!
3	Let's talk value.  Their full sized subs are enormous!  Forget a foot long.  These are at least 16 inches.  Service is prompt.  Quality is consistent.  The inside and limited outdoor eating areas are kept clean.The food, well....  Ok, so far I've only gotten cold sandwiches and while they've been ok, they aren't anything special.  I always get the wheat bread and it is wonder bread soft every time.  If only I liked that sort of thing.  I prefer a bit more substance, but for some folks I can imagine this would be awesome.  I will say that one of these days I'm going to have to try one of their pastas.  Maybe on a cold day.  But as a devoted al dente girl, I'm hesitant to try pasta from a sub place.  At $8 for a whole and $4.50 for a half, I'll most likely be grabbing lunch here more in the future as I work in the area, but if I didn't I wouldn't be going back any time soon.
4	I like Mr Goodcents and have taken several friends there to introduce them to an alternative to Subway.  The subs are made fresh, the bread is soft and delicious and there is never a long wait.   You can get a pretty decent size meal for a great value, just as Kristin C. explained in her review.  I have not personally tried the pastas but friends have and they agree that they are pretty good for the price you are paying for them.
3	I have gotten take out from here twice now and think they are pretty good.  The service has been quick and the staff very nice. I am a soft bread kind of guy and think the super soft wheat bread is pretty terrific.  They have the all the standard sub toppings, nothing special. I have purchased hot and cold subs and have to give a higher rating to the cold ones since my steak and cheese was luke warm.As other have mentioned the "Whole" sub is really, really large.
3	Like most food establishments in this part of Tempe, the price is right.  The sandwiches are pretty good too.  My one complaint is the lighting.  I'm not supposed to look green under any lighting.
4	Better than Subway which is CRAP.. Subway's food isn't "fresh" its pre-frozen. Goodcents at least slices the meats and cheeses in front of you. And their breads are baked fresh and don't taste chemically like subways junk.I like the whole with Ham and Provo.. Also a cup of broccoli and cheese soup is good, sometimes, this location seems to "water-down" the soup and some of the staff seem like tokers! I would prefer to go here any day over subway, which tastes like its been run over with a subway.
3	Yes, better than Subway.  But have our bars really sunk that low?I hate writing negative reviews, but the sandwiches here are bland.  They might slice the meat and cheese in front of you, but the bread isn't exactly fresh.I was going to give it two stars, but then I remembered the cookies.  Yum.  Cookies.
1	I am amazed that anyone liked the food here. I had the spaghetti and meatballs. I mean really, what can you do to spaghetti. Well, I guess you can use old sauce. This stuff was uneatable. The garlic bread was white (that means raw dough). The sauce horrible. Perhaps the sandwiches are better, but i doubt it.
3	Mr. Goodcents has a 5$ footlong that is way better than Subway....Pretty much a middle of the road sub shop....3 stars is about right.
3	I ventured here on my lunch break. It was easy to find since there was a line damn near out the door. I had no idea what I had signed up for. Lines as if it's Black Friday? I evaluated my options...Panda Express with a line out the door (not sure why)...and decided to just be patient and wait it out.What I loved is the fact that these sandwiches truly are fresh. All of the meat is freshly sliced, and for some reason you really can taste the difference. I caught a glimpse of the pasta...it stared back at me. And it didn't look pretty. So, I would personally not recommend it.Overall, a solid lunch place. Just be sure to allow yourself enough time.
3	I ordered the Chipotle Cheesesteak. It took a little longer for the preparations. Since I rarely come here, the people assumed I knew what I was doing. Got a nice clean table and the food was good. It is quite busy and the cashier was friendly. Definitely will return again.
