3	Other than at grocery stores, it's becoming more and more difficult to find a simple, decent donut shop. And for some strange reason, there aren't any Dunkin Donuts in Chandler or Gilbert (can someone explain this phenomena to me?).  I know, for donut purists out there, Dunkin Donuts is just another corporate chain.  But I happen to think their donuts and coffee are pretty tasty!  That said, Bosa Donuts is nice alternative.  It's a small shop with a good variety of freshly made donuts.  I especially liked the chocolate frosted cake donuts.  They were really good.  The coffee was ok, let's say... better than "breakroom" coffee.  Located just north of the Downtown Chandler area, Bosa Donuts has both walk-in and drive-thru service 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
4	I am somewhat ecclectic in regards to my tastes. I like having a story about everything. Now enters Bo Sa donuts, my boyfriend and I stumbled on Bo Sa one Sunday morning after a long night of drinking. We stopped for our usual Filiberto's breakfast burrito and suddenly noticed the Bo Sa Donut Shop haunting us from the next street over. We stopped in to check the place out and we were completely surprised. It was small, quaint and reeked of donut glory. It also had the perfect mix of family, joy and happiness. Not to mention some incredible donuts. As long as we live around Bo Sa we won't be shopping at any Safeway Bakery or Fry's Bakery.
5	Back when the Doughnut Peddler had their ice cream/smoothie/sandwich/doughnut parlor on Val Vista and Southern, these were my favorite doughnuts.  Sadly, I moved, and then moved back near the area and they were gone.  Now they have since replaced Krispy Kreme (yea) but never been the same quality.  Bo Sa has taken over as number 1.  Hot, Fresh, Delicious.  A wide variety to choose from and very affordable.  Conveniently open 24-7 too.  Since I found them randomly 6 months ago I no longer miss my old stand-by (even better than what I remembered a decade ago).
5	My heart is now filled with joy and happiness. What for, you may ask. Since moving out to AZ last year from Southern California (don't say Cali, that's in Colombia) I haven't been able to find a donut shop unless you want to call Basha's a donut shop. While driving down Arizona Ave one morning, the familiar smell of sugary goodness wafted into the open window of my car. DONUTS! Pulled a U-turn and wept with joy. All the familiar offerings were there. The apple fritters and cinnamon rolls the size of man hole covers, chocolate long johns, even the plain raised cake. I ordred an apple fritter and a raised cake. Absolutely, positively heaven in a little, white greasy bag!Go early because they only make so many of the bigger apple fritters and cinnamon rolls. The only "complaint" is that the coffee is nothing more than hot water with a brown crayon dipped in it to give it that coffee color. More cowbell!
4	I walked 6.41 miles today for a Bosa donut, because they're that good.  This morning, I purchased a diverse array of the sweet deep-fried treats to go.  When I arrived home, I portioned each donut into several bite sized segments, so everyone could get a sampling.The apple fritter was crispy on the outside with a fluffy interior.  Probably the best I've had.  The bear-claw was off the chain, with an apple filling.  The cinnamon rolls were large, and were pretty good, but the tractor wheel ones were unbelievable.After completing my tasting course, I estimated the consumed calories to be approx 800, so I set off of a journey to burn it off.  A 6.41 mile jog/walk took care of my little indiscretion, plus a a smidge more.  I don't get sweet treats often, and Bosa was well worth it.
5	Cheap, delicious donuts available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week? Going to BoSa is like having died and gone  to donut heaven.I can't comment on the ice cream they also apparently sell, but you really can't go wrong with any of their donuts. They're generously sized, super-tasty, and the only aftertaste is of baked and/or fried goods made with love.If you're in Chandler, BoSa's pretty much conveniently located in the middle of the city. If you're outside of Chandler, it's well worth the drive (or if you're crazy like Brett B., the walk).Grocery store donuts will suffice when I can barely drag myself out of bed, but when I want the good stuff, I go to BoSa.
4	I saw the Dunkin thread and felt I had to do a review for my favorite donut place.I was introduced to Bosa by my church.  They have a Cafe between services and when they made the switch to Bosa, I noticed a big difference in quality and taste from the previous supplier.  The texture and creaminess of a simple glazed is similar to a Krispy Kreme.  The fritters are excellent and I like their bagels.If I am going to pick up donuts to bring into work, I make a stop at Bosa.  To me, Dunkin is not as good as Bosa.  Bosa is unique to Chandler and we are lucky to have them.
4	Donuts, you evil mutants of dough, sugar and fried goodness.How I love you.  I was struck by the urge, late in the afternoon and where does one go for a fresh donut at 3pm...? Bosa and Bosa delivers some seriously fresh donuts at 3pm.I went with the apple fritter and the boston creme...I had every intention to take the boston creme home to the trophy husband. And....I'm here to tell you the path to hell is paved with good intentions but not boston creme donuts bcz I ate them. Bosa does a very tasty donut. Enjoy.
4	I tried Bosa Donuts for the first time today.  Fortuitously we arrived just as some donuts were nearing the completion of their magical doughy journey through the wondrous worlds of Oiliverse and Sugartopoliis.  They were hot, fresh and delicious.For the donut connoisseur in you I will make some comparisons.  The Bosa glazed, when fresh, certainly rivals Krispy Kreme's glazed donut.  It has less of a sugary coating than Krispy Kreme's, it is larger in circumference and slightly doughier.  In fact, the doughiness of the Bosa is somewhat reminiscent of something you might find at a state fair, though not as heavy.The Bosa compares favorably with the Dunkin' Donuts glazed varietal.  Indeed, it is far fresher and wholesome tasting than any glazed I've had from the big D.The store itself does not exude cleanliness nor inspire confidence in the behind the scenes preparation areas.  Sometimes you have to take it on faith and the word of the local Health Department.Service was on a par with any other similar business.
4	i'm often stuck at 2am craving something, and with Bosa if its donuts I dont have to go to bed grumpy and disappointed.  They corner the late night market and still put forth the effort to make the donuts fantastic.  You can get ice cream and other treats here as well, with a drive thru window for the ultra lazy.
4	Pretty not bad!  I will definitely patron this establishment again in the future.
5	Okay so a friend of mine knows the owner so I had been meaning to check this place out but never made it to there shop. To my heavenly surprise, a fellow associate brought in 3 dozen doughnuts from Bosa in today! Let me tell you, every doughnut I had was fantastic! I ate one in the morning, the second around noon, then my third around 3 and they all tasted delicious! I love this place and will go there at least once a month!
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food8 Service7 Atmosphere10 ValueStandard fare donuts (read "yumm!"), which actually in Phoenix seems to not be so standard.  Truthfully, this is the only classical donut shop I know of here.  (Supermarkets and Krispy Kreme don't count, though Krispy Kremes are also good.)  Beyond that, what makes this place rock is the 24/7 love - that i have never seen in a donut shop.  What makes this place not rock (only a little) is the credit card fee.  That is in complete violation of ToCs, but I can see economically why they do it.Did anyone else notice that Yelp doesn't have a way to denote a business as open 24 hours?  Bosa broke Yelp.
4	Very very yummy little to sweet!
5	If there is one thing lacking in the Valley it's good independent donut shops. Luckily I don't live too far from Bosa Donuts in Chandler. But these donuts are worth the drive, wherever you might be coming from.Bosa is open 24-7 which makes it perfect for late night donut cravings or lazy Sunday mornings. They have a decent variety. A mix of raised, cake, and filled. My favorites are the glazed twist (so good!) and their old fashioned donuts. The cream filled are also tasty and the boyfriend loves the jelly filled. This place is cheap too. Got 6 donuts the other day for $4. Can't beat it. The atmosphere is nothing to write home about and at times can feel a little creepy so we always just get our donuts to go.In my opinion this isn't just the best donut shop in Chandler, it's the best in the Valley.
5	BoSa is in Scottsdale! They just opened today...we sampled a dozen at work this morning and they are delicious.  The glazed is so very tasty and the texture is much more substantial than the Krispy Kreme glazed, but still very light.  I also tried the apple fritter (like another review commented, crispy outside, light and fluffy and apply inside) and the Boston creme...this is my measure for all donut places.  It was very, very good.The new location is at 7444 E McDowell Rd.
5	Best donuts in the valley.I like a variety of donuts (my favorites, though are raised sugar and raised glaze), and all the donuts here are great.  Never too heavy, always tasting fresh.
5	What can I say ?  This is awesome.  I am a donut fan and would give Dunkin 4 stars, just like this place.  Great variety, great coffee, fresh donuts.  The extra 1 star comes for the fluffiness of their dough.  Its very fluffy and its done just right.  Dunkin is good but its donuts will taste a little hard and "old" when they have been sitting for a while.  For some reason, the Bosa donuts dun get too hard, even after U buy and drive for like 1/2 hour home.  I know its not located in the best part of town, but they are open 24 hrs and there is a drive thru.  They accept credit cards and discover :)
4	A short review is in order here because after all we are talking about freakin donuts.  However, in AZ there are no good donut shops for the most part.  We had three donuts - glazed, chocolate long john, and a chocolate old fashioned/sour cream.  The last was a bit stale.  The first two were great.  We will go back.  Nice little place and it's open 24 hours.
4	Best local donuts in Chandler.  Wide variety and quick service.  Must try local place.
5	Great old fashioned doughnuts!!!!!
5	My boyfriend and I are self proclaimed donut connoisseurs and we LOVE Bosa donuts.  The fact that it's open 24 hrs a day for all of our donut needs is fabulous and the donuts are always fresh and amazing!
4	They have a very good selection.When you're not in the mood for mass produced donuts from those chains, this is the place to go.The donuts always tastes fresh.  Over the years, we have never encountered a stale donut from BoSa yet.The chick that works there seems pretty disinterested that you are there, but either way, as long as she puts the donuts I want in the box and rings me up correctly, I don't mind so much.
4	I went to Bosa yesterday and to be honest, I am pretty dam torn. I believe I do like Krispy Kremes yeast doughnuts better though. Bosa's yeast doughnuts although fluffier and larger, are simply not as light and airy as Krispy Kremes yeast doughnuts. I feel like I can eat a ton of doughnuts at Krispy Kreme since they are so light. Bosa's were not bad though and reminded me of Dunkin Doughnuts. Its really just personal preference. However, Bosa does have absolutely amazing, moist cake doughtnuts. I tried the chocolate coconut one and was amazed at how good it was considering cake doughnuts usually are dry and not that great. Would I go back? If I was in the area and craving a doughnut, for sure!
4	Three stars for being 24 hours and having donuts that don't hit your gut like a ton of bricks.  This place is friendly, has "fluffy" delicious sugary donuts, great prices, and changes up what they have on a daily basis.I have been aware of their presence since high school (we won't mention when that was) and since mine was in the neighborhood, I was able to frequent this place.Overall, if you are in the area, definitely worth a shot to see if your tastebuds require more.
5	Can't go wrong with any of the donuts. I loved the glazed twists!!!
5	Oh. My. Goodness.  I never eat donuts, because I feel like they're a dessert that you should eat at breakfast and I don't ever feel like desserts at breakfast.  That makes sense, right?!Well, my husband had just gotten a PR at the Fiesta Bowl Half Marathon and I'm pregnant, so that clearly justifies desserts at breakfast!  Hence, our first trip to Bosa.  I could smell that donut-y smell from outside the building - yummmmm!  A spell came over us and we bought a dozen donuts for the two of us.  They were delicious - my favorite was the Bavarian cream filled chocolate one.  These are definitely a special treat for me - but I'll be back!
3	Absolutely AVERAGE donuts; not terrible but nothing special. To be honest I'd give the QT a higher mark for donuts than Bosa.
5	Our favorite donut shop, hands down. We love that they also accommodate our special request orders when we call ahead the day before when we need a large order (like a few dozen of their crispy fritters or delicious buttermilk bars, etc.). Open 24 hours. Check it out!
4	This place is evil... in a good way.  The donuts are light with a sweetness but not overly so.  The donuts are far better than the dry bricks at Dunkin Donuts.  They are at least on par with Krispy Kremes. I come here often when I don't mind feeling guilty for a sweet fix.
4	Delicious, inexpensive, fluffy donuts!
4	Great donuts ... Better than Dunkin (and I love theirs). I justbhad the classics ... jelly & glazed but both were great. Whatever you do, don't look at the floor. I don't think I've ever seen a dirtier floor in a food related business in my life!
4	Came in thinking was going to get my usual donuts.. Well I did get my donuts and they were very good surprised to say.  I ordered Donut Holes, Apple Fritter and Buttermilk Donut.. In order of my favorites first.. I like them more than dunkin donuts yet close to or more than krispy kreme.  Very Soft, fresh with good flavor.. Service was not so great but would return for these yummy donuts either way and hope for better service next time..
4	Yum yum yum! Great donuts...service is just ehh. The girl who works the counter just seems like she does not want to be there. Last time I was in she had her cell tucked into her bra having a conversation. I thought I was going crazy at first, looking around to see who she was talking to. Could be 5 points but down to 4 because of service.
4	I love this place, when I need my midnight fix for something sweet I know I can run to Bosa for some doughnuts. Open 24 hours, you can eat inside and they have milk in a carton! That takes me back to my cafeteria days in school. They also offer tea, chocolate milk in a carton, soda, coffee ect. All kinds of doughnuts are offered but their smoothies are something to be desired. It was more like a milkshake in consistency and taste. Everything is made fresh at all hours of the day and they have a drive-thru in case you wanted to add insult to injury by not even getting out of your car to get your fat laden doughnuts.
5	I am a donut lover, for sure and as such, I've eaten at a LOT of donut houses in many states over the years. BoSa's donuts are as good as the best donuts I've ever had; those old school, old fashioned-tasting donuts that are not only made fresh in-house, but are made WELL (not all in-house mom-and-pop donut shops are created equal). I've stopped here at all hours of all days and ordered just about every donut available at one time or another and they are always fresh, always yummy... I wish I could pack up BoSa and take them with me everywhere I move because great donut houses are extremely hard to find since the Krispy Kreme and Dunkin Donut franchise explosion.Bottom Line: BoSa = delish donuts available 24/7.
4	Bosa has become sort of a tradition for my husband and I before we head out on a road trip. We don't eat them any other time, but we always seem to end up here before taking off. I don't know if its because its early and we need the sugar to stay awake on the road, or if its something about doing something out of the ordinary. Either way, this is the place we come to grab a not so healthy pre road trip breakfast. This location is open 24 hours so if you were craving a doughnut at 3am you could come in and get one.Usually we grab either a half or full dozen of the fresh doughnuts. I like the glazed kind the best, but the cake ones are good as well, just not my personal preference. My favorite flavors are the traditional glazed, twist glazed, lemon filled glazed, and the apple filled crumb covered ones. My husband is a fan of all of the chocolate kinds and usually gets the long johns and custard filled doughnuts. There are a bunch of other flavors if those don't happen to tickle your fancy.As far as doughnuts go I would say these are pretty good. I like them better than Dunkin Doughnuts and places like Safeway and whatnot. They are pretty cheap, and you can also get a dozen doughnut holes for a buck. I would recommend you stop in and at least try one for yourself.The only thing I would have to say about this place is the drive through is kind of annoying. It doesn't take very long to get in the store and get out with your goods, but people will still line up around the store for the drive through, which I think takes longer and blocks people from getting out of the parking lot. You are going to be eating a sugar covered dough ball. Just get out of your car and go in the store.
4	I've been here twice. I liked it both times but the last time the donuts were better than the 1st. I'd give it 5 stars if the donuts are always as yummy as the last time. Yes, they are very bad for you but they are very yummy!! Way better than Dunkin and about the same as Krispy Kreme for the glaze. If I were only getting glaze I would go with Krispy because they're lighter but Bosa has so many other yummy flavors that Krispy can't compete with. I drive 45 min to get to it but thankfully it's a few miles from my favorite park :)
5	I've been to this Bosa Donuts location many times, and they get pretty busy in the mornings. However, the best time to go is in the middle of the night! Whenever we have midnight cravings for something sweet, we head to Bosa Donuts! They always have a variety of donuts on stock and the taste and quality never falls short! Try the crumb donut, its the best!
5	BEST and CHEAPEST donuts in the Valley. $6.99 for a dozen.   I love the glazed.  I love supporting this locally owned, family owned place.
4	This is the only place I come to when I have a donut craving. Much better quality , taste and price than Krispy Kremes and Dunkin Donuts. They are always open, fully stocked and I have yet to have a bad experience of a stale donut. The ladies behind the counter are always nice, patient, and willing to answer questions. It also doesn't hurt that they have a fridge with a wide selection of breakfast/dairy beverages. I love these donuts because they taste great and the texture is even better. Its a great balance between the fluffy interior and subtle crunchy exterior.
5	I've ignored this little gem for over a year, and never bothered to try it until me and a friend had a sugar craving at 4am and saw reviews on Yelp.We both got Bostom Cremes and a dozen donut holes. Best Doughnut we have had in Chandler. And the Donut Holes are great. They also have Boba Tea and Boba Slushes. Boba at 4am is amazing.
5	You must try these donuts. I never crave sweets and this is all I crave ALL DAY LONG! AZ doesn't have these sort of donut places...we are stuck with Dunkin Donuts that are crusty and dry from a day before!!! Crispy Kreme...they are good but don't taste like an old fashioned...REAL donut. Please check this place out. I get glazed every single time because I love them so much I won't try anything else! It's like these donuts are thicker, I can't put my finger on it, but something makes these so good! It's like the donuts you would have as a kid. And you know when the glaze is all cracked and dry!?!? NOT at BOSA! Go to Dunkin for that! :) The coffee is also my favorite out there. My boyfriend get's the croissant sausage and egg sandwich and he loves it! Please check this place out. I have convinced several friends/family to just try one donut at this place and all of them are addicts now! Don't miss this! :)
5	Just had my first Bosa Donut mmm mmm.  The flavor and texture reminded me of Winchell's donuts which I frequented when they were in town.  Until I tried Bosa, Dunkin was my donut place of choice.  I do not care for those sweet sweet Krispy Kreme donuts.  From now on, it's Bosa for me - sorry Dunkin
4	Ok. I can't help but skip to the sub par reviews here to see what these people could possibly complain about. Haha- I love this: "I've heard good things about this place from my sister's friends (notice, I didn't say "my" friends)." Because Glob forbid sharing friends with your siblings right?!? OMG, what a snob! This person's review had me ready to head over to Scottsdale Fashion Square with a rifle. Haha, not really, but I have been listening to Malcolm X speeches all morning, so those have me a little amped. Maybe squirt guns filled with hydrogenated oil. Go to Bosa's. Get a donut. Love it. Then do some jumping jacks. I have been here many times, and have not had a bad experience. The girl who assembled my Office Ass Kissing Platter this morning was extremely polite. The donuts were tits.. as always-
5	Ever since I moved to Phoenix about 4 years ago I had craved for a place with "real" donuts similar to the ones I'd find in the mom and pop shops in SoCal. I can gladly say I've found it! Not only are the donuts fantastic (they really do melt in your mouth) but BoSa is also open 24 HOURS 7 DAYS A WEEK! Staff was friendly and the prices are all super affordable. Needless to say I will be coming back for many future visits.
4	If I were only grading the donuts --- I think 10 stars would be in order. However, everything else on the menu that I've had is horrible. I order a hot cocoa once, DISGUSTING. Also, the lady that works there and takes the order is so rude!! BUT, the donuts are fabulous, so go here for donuts, just be prepared for horrible service, and don't order anything else off the menu.
4	In proper Jamie fashion I'm making Bosa my 60th review. Fortunately for me I live less than 10 minutes from this place. If I were ruler of the world there would be 24 hour donut joints like this within walking distance in every community. Their donuts are always fresh however, the full selection is not always available as they sell out quick. My favorites are the dozen donut holes for a $1, chocolate glaze, and sugar. The denseness of these donuts are spot on (gooey, chewy and airy all at the same time). Sweet but not overly so. I've even had their breakfast croissant which consisted of ham, cheese, jalapeno. It was good but the main attraction here is the donut so don't go here expecting gourmet anything else. The coffee is okay nothing to rave about but decently pairs with donut.  Beware of the service charge on your debit card if you don't spend at least $5. Service can be spotty depending on who's working (the elderly woman is much more cordial than the teenagers that sometimes staff the restaurant). Bosa is a great way to satisfy your fried dough cravings. PS- Yes these donuts are better than Dunkin and Krispy Kreme.
2	Get doughnuts from the QT up the street, they are fresher, cheaper, and faster.
5	Bosa has been around as long as I remember and i just now started going there a lot. I love the Thai Ice Tea, turkey croissant sandwich, the donuts are amazing and the people working are always happy and are so nice to my 4 year old daughter. Thanks Bosa for being great!
5	I found this place after one of those midnight cravings. I googled late night donuts and Bosa came up as being open 24 hours. I was so surprised a 24 hour donut shop existed. I was not going to complain. I made the 5 mile drive and was extremely pleased with what I received. I LOVE maple bars and that is exactly what I got, along with an old fashion devil foods cake chocolate cake donut. Yum, Yum, Yum =) I couldn't be happier. I've come here many times after that late night excursion and introduced a number of friends. None have been disappointed. This is a fluffy, delicious, and inexpensive donut that you'll never forget.
4	Best donuts I've had in the Phoenix area. I wish there were some locations up in the NE section of town.
5	best donuts ever.  The glazed is better than a krispy kreme and about twice as big.  They have lots of different flavors to choose from.
2	Cute and sweet Korean family running this place but really thought the donuts tasted like Safeway or regular grocery store donuts (got the chocolate long John and cruller). But I don't have an alternative go-to donut place so I guess this is my only option and it's not bad. Would rather support them than buy a donut at Safeway!
5	Oh my! So delicious and scrumptious! Just the perfect way to make a apple fritter! I will return( start my diet tomorrow......) smoothies are to die for. Dunkin donuts/krispie kreme have nothing on BOSA donuts:-)
5	You can not eat JUST ONE! I know a doughnut hater (yes, they exist) that I took there and they ate 4 doughnuts! They are the most moist, soft, delicious things in the world. They are cheaper than anywhere else and sooo good. Just try to make it home with an intact dozen!
5	Love this place I will drive the extra 4 miles to get it at least twice a week!! Their cherry sprinkles, bear claw and long johns are mmmm mmmm good!!!!
5	This place has the best donuts ever...open 24hr!
1	How can anyone rate this 2 stars let alone 5? Walked in and the place was oozing with garbage! Look over the counter and there is dirt and grime everywhere. Lady had no clue how to do math helping us. I had a buy one get one free coupon for smoothies and she couldn't figure out how to deduct one smoothie and tried overcharging me 3 times before I had to tell her the total. The donut we tried was fine but the smoothie and cookie and cream iced drink was horrendous! I will never go back to this trash bucket.
5	Yummmmm. This Bosa beats the rest of the Bosas around the valley. The donuts are moist, melt in your mouth deliciousness.
5	Best doughnuts in Chandler. Fresh doughnuts made throughout the day. Every drink under the sun besides coffee.
5	This review is for the donuts only since that's the only thing I order here.I got a half dozen the other day, and the aroma from the bag was heavenly! The maple long john and chocolate cake donut were my favorite, but they were all outstanding.Price, service, and convenience all met my expectations. I will definitely come back again.
5	I am not kidding when I tell you, this place has the best doughnuts I have ever had! They are extremely fresh, soft, and moist. They have very good prices and a nice staff. If you need to stop for doughnuts before work this is your place....pick up a dozen and impress everyone at work!
5	Bosa is amazing!! Their ham & cheese croissant is so damn good!!!
2	Sigh.  This morning I'm a sad panda.  This location is on my way to work, so occasionally I'll stop for a coffee and a maple bar.  Today, I was feeling savory - so I went with a bagel breakfast sandwich.  Do not, under any circumstances make this mistake.  It's partially my own fault.  I don't order buffalo wings at Quizno's, I don't get potstickers at In n' Out - but since I've never had a bad item at this place, I figured why not?I'll tell you why.  Bagel = dry / flavorless.  Eggs = un-seasoned.  Bacon = under-cooked and only ONE piece folded in half FOR AN ENTIRE SANDWICH?!?!  On top of that, no sauce / mayo / spread / schmear a.k.a. NOTHING to make up for the fail that was this morning's attempt at sustinence.I digress.  The maple bars are always spot on, the old fashioned cake doughnuts are money - even their coffee is consistent - so I guess what I'm saying is, don't get a sandwich at a donut shop.  The end.
4	Talk at work had me checking this place out. Great selection, friendly staff, and quality product. Superior to dunkin' donuts, but for a plain glazed, a fresh, hot krispy kreme still rules.
5	Thank goodness this place is not any closer to me or I might have a very serious problem.Cinnamon twist, chocolate cake, all things raised and holes.  ALL are great.The ham and cheese croissant was wonderful for lunch.Made fresh, like still warm and melt in your mouth fresh.  Do yourself a favor and skip those big name donuts and go taste a real donut treat.
5	My most favorite donut joint in Phoenix... err... Make it the US ... Seriously people I wonder what's keeping yucky dunkin donuts in business beside my colleagues walking there every Friday to eat those puke worthy treats ....  If you have got to put so many calories in your body better make them worth their while!!!! Bosa is most definitely the BEST!!!
4	The donuts were pretty good. I'd definitely come in the morning when they are fresh because around the evening time, they're a bit stiff.Pick your fancy, they are all good.
4	I like this place a lot it's close to me and the donuts are very good. It's open 24 hours a day and has a drive threw. Coffee is not the best and one of the guys that's works at night has been rude I few times.
5	I only wish this place was closer to my house (or, maybe I don't).  If you're looking for a clean, top-of-the-line donut eatery, this isn't it.  But if you're looking for kick *** (you-know-what) donuts at good prices, then you'll be in heaven.  I strongly suggest the maple bar and the mini cinnamon roll--those are my favorites.
5	Just opening the door and smelling that baked goodness immediately puts you in a good mood.  I think this is what heaven smells like. My favorite donut from when I was a little girl back in IL where there were lots of real bakeries was a sugar cinnamon twist.  They make it just how I remember!  The donuts are good sized and very well priced. It won't disappoint!
5	Best doughnuts around. Where else can u get a ham, cheese & jalepeno croissant, apple fritter & a Thai tea. Just this place!
2	I would have put one star. I love the donuts but taste is not consistent, today was the last straw I tasted soap in my raspberry filled donut. I tried it again because I didn't believe it and it was dish washing soap mixed with raspberry ( in the raspberry not dough) I regret trying it again because I tasted more soap, I spat it out quickly. I have washed my mouth but the taste is still there.The first raspberry I tasted was good, the second one terrible, it had soap in it. I have not had any problems in the past 3 months until today and 2 weeks ago. Two weeks ago, we purchased 10 glazed donuts in the afternoon, 4 donuts tasted wet, like soaked in melted sugar.
5	My company brings in these wonderful treats every other month, they go quickly as they are very good!  Yummy.
3	Love their fresh donuts but they lack in customer service sometimes. It all fades away once you get the donuts in your mouth.
4	Awesome donuty goodness, served up by a friendly Cambodian family.What's not to like.  Gonna get me another donut in October.
3	So to go along with the crowd, I decide to go to Bosa donuts this morning an give them a try. For starters, the drive-thru is very convenient and I didn't even know it existed. Secondly, I have to agree with previous reviews, these have to be the best donuts I have ever tried anywhere. They are HUGE and easily a meal in one. If you put dunkin and Krispy creme together, they still couldn't pull this off. When the box states "Best donuts in AZ" I can believe it. Unfortunately I also have to agree with the fact that staff is rather unfriendly. That in and of itself loses 2 stars, and it's a good thing that the donuts are tasty or else I wouldn't consider coming back. This will definitely be a special treat to take to work, but otherwise I won't be going back regularly.
4	I randomly picked this shop because of good reviews and being close to my house. I didn't realize they had Thai tea (which I love) among other Asian tea options until I got there.It's a typical close quarter donut shop with great looking donuts, dingy interior, and plenty of morning customers. But that doesn't detract from the staff's friendliness, the wonderful smells, and how delicious everything was.I had a medium size apple fritter and a cake donut (like the sour cream cruellers - is that the right kind?) thing that looked a little like a muffin top. Fritters are my favorite and they did not disappoint! Very good. And the cake donut was outstanding too. Even the coffee was good.Only suggestion I have is that they label their donuts, there weren't any labels and I wish I knew what to call the cake donut muffin top thing.
5	I have been going here since I was a kid, best donuts ever! Crumb donut is amazing, but all of their donuts are good, they have donut holes, thai tea and coffee drinks. The same people have been working here for as long as I can remember.
5	It's hard to find a good local donut place nearby, but this is IT!  Awesome, fabulous, yummy donuts.  Great prices, fast service, plus a drive through.  LOVES.
5	Woohoo is right. These donuts are AWSOME! I will for sure return for my next donut binge. My favorites were the old fashioned glazed, and the maple bar. The bear claw was not worth it. The apple fritter is worth it. If you are near a Bosa then get some donuts.
5	Best buttermilk bars I've ever had! I ordered an iced coffee as well and it was awesome to. Will be back next time I'm in town.
4	I had a massive donut craving this morning and decided to bypass the Dunkin' Donuts on the way to try this place. I went through the drive-thru this morning. (I knew it had to be good because there was a cop in front of me). If you've never been here before it can be hard to miss. It's not a well thought out system being that the menu is out of reading distance when you go to order but if you've looked up the menu online beforehand you'll be golden. I ordered my half dozen assorted with 2 coffees. The wait time was around 5 minutes which seems like a long time for something premade but oh well. I'll agree with other reviews that customer service is blah.Now to the donuts. I got 2 glazed, a strawberry covered, a chocolate covered, cinnamon roll & a raspberry filled. I've only had one of the glazed but OMG it was amazing. It really satisfied the donut craving I'd had for weeks. It's huge compared to its Dunkin' & Krispy counterparts and very hearty. Plus it was fall apart warm- so delicious!All in all I would definitely return for another donut here but I would not go through the drive thru again.
5	There donut were so good, I didn't want to share with my kids.I did share after awhile.There better than dunkin  donuts and frys and crispy Kreme .
5	fresh donuts and great service!
4	great doughnuts and bagels, their costumer service could use some work but the doughnuts make up for it
4	Yay! I never get a donut craving, but my husband is a pastry guy, so some weekends we get donuts.  It's so nice to have an option other than Krispy Kreme and. Dunkin Donuts ... Both to which I'd prefer a bowl of cereal or some yogurt.  These donuts are so big, doughy, delicious, and not overly sweet. The hours are great for us night shifters too! 24/7! Bosa also has kolaches! I can't wait to try them.  Now if only they'd make fruit and cream cheese kolaches, I'd have heaven less then a mile from my house, lol. The knockoff for one star is because I'd heard about and couldn't wait to try their specialty glazed blueberry cake donut. The girl kept trying to give me a blueberry muffin. I told her no, it's a blueberry donut. I saw the buttermilk donuts and a couple others that were on their website menu listed as their specialties. She just said, "Oh, idk what that is. Blueberry muffin?" ... Weird since I see other reviewers talking and tipping about it. Lol.All in all, great fluffy pillows of dessert we like to call breakfast, 24/7. :-)
5	Gotta love Bosa! They have amazing fresh donuts, great coffee, and a big selection available. Plus, this location has a drive thru available so you can get in and out fast!
5	The best donuts in Arizona?  Yes.  Believe the hype because they're that good.Open 24/7 with a drive through and an exceptional selection of donuts.  When I want a donut this is where I go.  I'll suggest the buttermilk, the apple fritters, and the glazed with white creme.Finally a few people have commented that the staff isn't all that friendly but in my trips there they were VERY helpful and in fact they made me a couple custom donuts while I was waiting.  Custom made fresh donuts.  How does it get better than that?They aren't lying when they say, the best donuts in Arizona.
5	You ever buy donuts and eat one or two when they're still fresh, then go back 6 hours later for another one? Not as good, right? That's not the case here! The first time I had their donuts, a coworker had brought some in. Had one first thing in the morning and it was delicious, still warm and fresh. But what really blew me away was when I went back for a little late afternoon snack and those donuts were still great. They hadn't gone all stale and gross, still tasted amazing. Five stars, all the way.
5	Great donuts. I am a big fan of chocolate glaze bars. Also pretty good boba Thai iced tea but some time the tapioca balls taste odd. Over all best mom n pop type donut place around.
5	Outstanding donuts.  The regular donuts are much better than Dunkin or Krispy Kreme.  The cake donuts are about the same.  Definitely our new go-to donut place!
5	Best donuts, hands down. We go to Bosa a few times a month (usually in the mornings) and have never been disappointed. We've even gone in the evenings, and although they were out of several kinds, they still had fresh donuts available. Nothing bad to say about this place!
5	First off I would like to say I still, to this day, haven't had any Krispy Kreme yet.  So this place is my favorite shop for donuts.Anyways, I've been to like 2 other Bosa locations, with each being a little different than the other. This particular location is still my favorite out of all of them.  Not saying the others are bad, it's just that this one is my favorite.$1 for a dozen donut holes?  Open 24 hours?  Man, this place had its share of buzzed out of your mind late night drunk munchies a couple years back.  Well, that was back when I was dumb though.  Haven't been here for a little while though. I do want to come back soon.The selection is great, and great quality too.  Can be a little pricey, but damn worth it.  This place is good enough for me to not have to try Krispy Kreme any time soon.
5	These donuts are so extremely good. I have yet to try anything else on the menu, and I'll update when I do, but these donuts are DElicious! I always eat the maple bars but the regular glazed donuts are also very good. The ladies working there are also wry nice and there is a pretty nice atmosphere. I highly recommend getting your donuts here over anywhere else.
2	This place is alright.  An old Taco Bell converted into a donut shop that's put the drive through to use, that means your weekday donuts get there not long after you've arrived.  Hehe!  Seriously though, the drive through seems like a good option but I haven't tried it because I fear the decision making process will then come to a screeching halt because I would be lacking the ability to actually SEE what they have.FTMP, all of the donuts they sell here are a glazed donut, some with a different twist (literally) and some with the addition of spice, fruit, or flavored gel.  They are good, but I gotta tell ya, my first job was in a bakery so I have a liking for more than a simple glazed donut.  Oh alright, I'm picky.  Listen, if I'm paying I can be picky.  I'll give this the thumbs up for location and the drive through has to be a bonus for some.  For me, I'll stay with my personal fave and go to Bashas.  Still baked in the store, good and fresh, and quite possibly cheaper than what they sell here too.
3	Honestly, I love Bosa.  I'm a pretty regular customer, and their food is always excellent no matter my order.  I'm a huge fan of their original glazed donuts and their Thai iced tea, though I've been nothing short of delighted as I've been branching out recently.My problem with this Bosa is the customer service.  I have repeatedly been given the wrong items, overcharged, and ignored in the drive through, and it's enough to leave a sour taste in my mouth despite the excellent food.
5	Delicious and fresh! We have these at church all the time and they are the best. My favorite is the glazed.
5	Best donuts I've ever tasted. Seriously. This particular location is my favorite. I've been to two of their other locations but this one seems to have the largest selection of fresh donuts. They are super light and airy. Their croissant sandwiches are also really good (and cheap!). Service is super friendly and did I mention they're open 24 hours?
4	My cousin brought my sisters and I here. She said they have the best donuts. And sure enough they did! I bought a maple donut, but the lady gave me two in a bag. I asked my cousin why and that I only purchased one and my cousin said the other is free.Well, hey two for me. :)They have a variety of other things - coffee, smoothies, etc. and of course its like walking into Donut Heaven, just alot of different donut flavors, just can't decide sometimes on which one to get lol
