4	Sometimes life just takes you to the drug store... you know, bits and pieces like deodorant or floss and you don't want to brave Target or the like.  Nice things about this Walgreens:-Open 24 hours-Not too scary to enter during any of those 24 hours-As reliably good, speedy service as one can expect at a Walgreens-Clean and neat-Well stocked - whatever they carry, they are never "out" of it-Next to the best UPS Store in townWord of warning:, entering the parking lot is like being a ball dropped into a pinball machine - don't lose focus or you'll get smacked.
2	I'm going to rant on Walgreens now that I have beaten up CVS. They are switching generic labels without a consult! The one they switched me to does not work for me. Remember this: Not all generics are created equal! When I complained, they said there was nothing they could do. I politely pointed out the liabilities. What if it was a heart medication they switched that was not as effective? They don't seem to care. So, be sure if your medication look differently on refills, you check the manufacturer against the prior manufacturer. Methinks they are saving money at our expense. Or the prescription benefit manager programs aren't riding herd. Whatever, it still screws the pooch consumer.
3	Stocked shelves, has a Red Box, photo center, pharmacy, although the food prices are a little bit higher than elsewhere.  There's a weirdo working the counter and his name is Michael.  So if you get stuck with this guy checking you out, be prepared for his little smart ass quirks.  Anything is fair game: your ID, your clothes, etc...Other than the creeper, this Walgreens is not incredibly busy and also has a decent size liquor department.
4	I shop at Walgreens all the time with my big family! For the most part they are inexpensive. They will match prices on most things and they now have a new program where we earn points so we get money taken off our bill. Since I shop there a lot, I usually get around $5.00 taken off my bill, and I still get the clearence prices as well!
4	Pharmacy here is 24hrs and staff are always friendly and helpful.
1	This is the worst, most unorganized pharmacy I have ever felt with. My prescription was simple and found at most every big name pharmacy (CVS, Frys, etc). I was in a rush and had to get to work and I was told I could come pick up my script quickly and easily on my way. I waited over an hour and no one could adequately explain to me why. They were rude, slow, and there was even one pharmacist who continually took breaks to eat some sandwich in the back rather than simply refill my prescription. I was absolutely disgusted with the lack of professionalism displayed here. I forbid anyone to waste their time here at this location.
