5	This is what  I love about Edinburgh. After you think you have seen it all a gem like this pops up and you are in love with this City all over again. This secret polish vodka bar is located on top of the Arcade pub, mostly geared to younger crowds.  I came here one Sunday after a gig with some friends and because it was early it was quiet.However, this place is TINY  with two small rooms and a bar.  The atmosphere is set with the funky decoration(check out my photos) and the candle lit tables. They have the most amazing selection of polish vodkas. Their menu and the choices seem endless and  has very useful descriptions in English under each type (including quotes such as "Chuck Norris wouldn't mind" ) I had no idea that their was such a variety in Polish vodkas!If you are confused as I was about what mixer goes with your choice in vodka the bartender is really helpful and friendly. They even have fun straws for their drinks and the prices are just right!Vodka fans rejoice!
5	Theres nothing quite like realising that somewhere you think you know holds a secret. A secret arcade no less. That sells excellent vodka's.Hidden away this secret Polish vodka bar makes no excuses if you dont know it - its tiny is what I'm trying to say. Theres two rooms and a bar - all of which are infinatly funky and stylish.The main plus for this place is the most amazing selection of Vodka's - I've never seen so many. It's not like Revolution where its normal vodka with different flavours in it, there are different types of vodka - I've tried as many as I can and the best as i can describe it is a range of smooth to harsh flavours or strenghts of taste. Who knows, it all goes down the same way and i love it.But this place is a secret, so I'm trusting you to help keep it that that way :)
4	I can't believe it's taken me four years to find this place! It's tucked in behind Fabrick on Cockburn Street, so much so that'd you'd easily be forgiven for walking past and not even noticing it's there.When you do find it though, you instantly feel really smug as if you're part of some sort of exclusive club: everyone that knows about it raves about it, and everyone that doesn't just stands there looking really confused and bemused whilst other people bang on about how good it is.You don't need to have been to Poland to appreciate the delights of good quality vodka. We've all been in a situation where we've woken up with an undeserved hangover, only to eventually work out that your awful state of health isn't so much to do with the quantity of what you drank as opposed to the quality of it. That's not the case here.Their vodkas are all good quality names, both ones that are well-known in the UK and ones that aren't; but either way you can rest assured that what you're drinking is good stuff.I was lucky enough to discover this place just after I'd got home from my first trip to Krakow, and very much pining after cherry vodka served over ice, or honey vodka failing that. And I'm pleased to announce, this place can cater for bother of those demands. Although it is a bit on the pricey side (which is why I'm not giving it 5 stars), it's definitely one of Edinburgh nightlife's best-kept secrets.
5	This bar is one of Edinburgh's best kept secrets. Sandwiched between the Royal Mile and Cockburn street on a dodgy looking back alley, the Secret Arcade is amazing. Heading up the stairs you find a pretty small bar, but turning around there is quite a big side room, especially good for birthday parties, as it is all one big table. The bar staff here are really cool, and recommend certain vodkas to you.Because that's what this place is, mainly a Polish vodka bar. They also do Tyskie and Zywiec but the primary focus is on vodka, and with about 100 odd on the menu it doesn't disappoint. With flavours ranging from apple, banana, cherry etc to Turkish delight, there is everything a vodka lover could want. They also have different strengths, going anywhere from about 30% to 95% which, from personal experience, is deadly. If you haven't been to this bar yet, definitely head off there, for a great atmosphere, awesome drinks and a completely different experience from most Scottish bars.
4	So i was introduced to the secret Polish vodka bar this week by Joe A. It is pretty cool, good music, nice staff, good vodka (obviously) and good food! I had haggis, neeps and tatties with whisky sauce and it was absolutely delicious, although a huge portion!All in all, i can't wait to go back and try more vodka from the extensive menu! :)
4	'we're meeting at secret arcade on friday' was the message i got on wednesday afternoon.  secret arcade i thought.... was the location secret, is there a secret handshake to get in, will someone tell me how to get there??  lucky for me, i was with a group of friends that were well in on the secret so i didn't have to get lost or try out any secret handshakes.secret arcade is a very cool polish vodka bar that has an amazing collection of high quality vodkas.  it also has good music, nice staff, and very cool decor with awesome red tiled light up chairs right at the top of the staircase.  being slightly tipsy on arrival i wasn't sure if these chairs were actually glass and if i could sit in them.  i did find out they weren't glass, but i never sat in them as we moved into the back room to take advantage of the large table and big bench for lots of people to sit at.  there was also a tv which was showing the matrix in case we had a lull in the conversation.checking in on the yelp app you get a free shot of a vodka of the week.  i opted for the skittle vodka which very much tasted like a skittle.  it also didn't taste at all like vodka, which could be seen as a good and bad thing.  i got to try some of Jennie's fudge vodka which was also incredibly nice.  i then opted for a cosmo arcade that had cranberry vodka, cranberry juice and lime juice and another vodka that escapes my mind.  Valerie and i decided these were very good and had a second just to confirm.  i ended my night with a hazelnut vodka as recommended by Joe which was both delicious and deadly at the same time.happily buzzed from the vodka, i descended the stairs back to cockburn street and headed home.  but i definitely felt like i'd been let in on a very cool secret that i want to share with others.  vodka bars are awesome and vodka in any form is a delightful drink!
4	I visit Cockburn Street frequently but more so for the kooky shops and hadn't really taken note of the Secret Arcade before. So I totally expected a gaming scene with slot machines and tables but it was an arcade of a different sort. Downstairs was quite small, lightly decorated and modern and seemed to be mainly for dining. Upstairs made use of the stone walls giving a cave like effect . It was small and filled up by 11pm but service was still quite quick at the bar, staff were friendly. I could really taste the rainbow through my skittles vodka shot and ended up having 2 cosmo arcades which were delicious! Having already eaten I was quite envious of the haggis stacks that came out of the kitchen and definately want to come back here to try the food........and more vodka from the extensive vodka menu - well it is vodka bar afterall!
4	I've heard about Secret Arcade for over a year. I even heard they had a free vodka shot with every Yelp Check-In on the App, and yet still I hadn't made it along.Finally, on a recent Friday, I did. With a dead mobile as the battery had run out during the day in Glagsow. So I couldn't get that check-in or shot.But what I did get was a whole night of fun in a quirky wee place. The fact that it's called 'Secret Arcade' and is hidden up an alleyway, then up some stairs, means you totally overlook the weird layout, the tacky seats, and the mish-mash put-together feel of the bar. In fact, you actually kind of like it for that.Much like you like the hazelnut vodka you get to try. And the orange vodka. And the 4 vodka deals that my friends partook of.This is the sort of place that works when you bring the right crowd. You've got to bring the banter, but if you do you're sure of a fun night. The staff all seemed to be polish too I think, and very friendly. We were an amalgamation of two big groups, spread out across the bar area and seated area and they had to keep squeezing past us, but didn't mind at all.The food I saw go past looked amazing too. The haggis, neeps and tattie stack was HUGE! The photos on here do it no justice. As big as a grown man's face. The menu had some interesting picks on it too.I can imagine that before the crowds get here it looks a bit tired and old and isn't the best place for a romantic first date. But it's a great place for some fun with a big crowd, and to try many, many different flavoured vodkas. (Skittles being another I tried, and that was quite crazy).
4	After a great visit  to certain chicken wing place, on a Saturday during the Fringe,  we needed a place to chill out - for about 7 people who where looking for a good time - The Secret Arcade was something we stumbled upon. We entered on street level and saw there were some people eating and there was a chilled atmosphere. We noticed a free corner so we asked if there was space for us and were advised to go 'up the stairs'. (downstairs is for eating food I concluded?)Once upstairs we found ourselves in an attic bar filled with modern chairs, round tables, coloured strings of lights and spots. They have some cosy corners. It was busy but not packed. The humidity was quite an issue, however a few cleverly placed floor fans sorted that out nicely and in turn provided that all important 'breezy-wind-in-hair-effect-when-sweaty' to some girls' poses - very nice indeed! The crowd is young, hip and friendly. The serving staff is smiley, friendly and very efficient. We originally went for some whisky (not realising this is a vodka bar) But after that first dram we settled in the 'spirit' and ordered shots and shots.. I had also some tequila shots -  It. Makes. Me. Happy.It is a place I will visit again and I think that the location should stay slightly secret so space will not become a premium.
4	A vodka bar without the pretentions of George Street or the crowds of students in Revolution, well hello...Hidden (where the secret comes from I guess) in a close and up a winding stair in the heart of Edinburgh, this place is one secret I would happily keep, though part of me thinks they need an old 80's style arcade machine in the corner...The Secret Arcade is a quirky and reasonably priced "proper" vodka bar (they keep the speciality vodkas chilled and they are mostly polish/russian) outside of vodka though the other drinks selection is far more limited than the options provided by more commercial bars.In short Secret Arcade is better suited to being a stopping point, than a bar you linger in, as it is all about the vodka - but it is definitely somewhere worth stopping if you like vodka.
4	Not really being a vodka drinker, I was all ready to sit in the corner with a solo White Russian and grump my way through pre-dancing drinks. Equally though, I'm a sucker for fancy-looking bottles and bar paraphernalia, so it didn't take a lot of arm twisting to get me fully into the spirit (fnar).I started off with a quince vodka shot, which was very sweet and very tart, but delicious ice-cold. Drink it down though, because it doesn't work quite as well as it warms up. Hazelnut vodka was another big winner with the whole group; as a shot, over ice or as part of a cocktail it was really superb. I personally enjoyed it most straight-up though: boozy Nutella, mmmmm.A Yelp check-in earns you a free shot of any of the house vodkas, which on the evening in question included skittles and fudge. Interesting.Be warned though, double measures seem to be the default in SA's cocktails, so keep an eye on how much you're actually drinking, or your evening may be shorter than you'd hoped. Also, there's a massive TV in the bar area. Okay, it's only showing music videos, but it's hard to ignore a screen no matter how vapid the content is (and trust me, it was pretty vapid).The bar itself is tucked away down a narrow alley off the High Street and feels very cool. I was wearing braces (in readiness for The Green Door later, I should say) and nobody batted an eyelid - it's that kind of place. That bar staff are also cool and very happy to talk vodka to the uninitiated, which I always take to be a good sign. I left with the feeling that I'd only just scratched the surface, and that perhaps there's more to vodka than I had supposed.
4	Really good place to have a few drinks. Atmosphere is good and lively. At first the place was a bit difficult to find as it's hidden up a small walkway. We went there on a Friday night and were lucky to get a table as it was so busy. Staff were very nice and have a good knowledge of the drinks menu. For me it was a unique experience as I'd never got to visit a vodka bar before. Would highly recommend it and will defiantly be back next time I'm in Edinburgh.
