5	I have been going here for almost 2 years now and am absolutely in love with their work! Linda is my nail tech and she is the best in the business. I usually get pink and whites and I am extremely particular about them. If my nails are rough or ragged or crooked it drives me insane. Linda has never faltered in making my nails look fabulous. I recently decided to go shorter and start doing colors for a change and she is just as good at giving regular fills as well. This shop is inexpensive and very accommodating. If I can't get in for an appointment, Linda is good about calling me when she gets a cancellation. This salon also offers waxing and eyelash extensions, plus they sell handmade jewelry and hair-bows that are exquisite!
5	This place is amazing. I've been coming to Linda when she was still thinking about opening this place. If you need nails, she is your girl. Pedicures and eyebrow waxing ask for Janet. This place doesn't have much to it but the people are so sweet and always remember your name. It's the little things :) can't beat the price either!!
5	Janet is my waxing lady & she is magnificent! Always willing to work around my schedule and squeeze me in when needed. Quick, clean and very professional! Linda is amazing at doing nails, although I don't get them done anymore, she is the QUICKEST nail lady in town! Definitely recommend Perfect 10 Nails!
2	Jesus Christ! I feel like I've had too many complaints lately. So I apologize...I try to write a review about every new place I try, with the exception that if it has numerous reviews - it's not really going to make a difference. I tried this place out because the place I normally go to was too busy. I called ahead by 40 minutes and made an appointment so I wouldn't have to wait - as they stated. I went in and, "Just kidding, we really didn't put you down for an appointment. You have to wait 30 minutes!" They really didn't say that, but I did have to wait. I don't usually mind as long as I have something to do while waiting. Thank god I had my phone because they were playing the soccer game...do you know how many women in a nail salon care about soccer? Not many. Not many at all. So I sit with this man who was the chosen one to do my nails. He was rude, rough and didn't even listen to what I said. I told him I didn't want gel polish. I wanted a full set of gel nails. He kept clarifying...and I kept telling him "No,  I don't want gel polish...I want a full set of gel nails...you know, just like the acrylics, but gel?" He said "okay".I had acrylics on and I wanted him to take it off. They state on their site that they remove your old acrylic/gel with new nail services "for free". Nope, got charged for that. And this dude did not make it worth the paying an additional fee to RIP them off of my fingers! He made me bleed and kept looking at me like I was a wuss...So anyways, after he completely damaged my nails, he proceeds to put gel polish on them. I was so over the pain throbbing in my fingers and continuous arguing with him, I gave up. He did do a good job on the gel polish I didn't want...I am not a fan. It's hard to go back to a place that doesn't listen and I pay $40 for something I didn't even want. That was to take off my acrylics and for gel polish...he didn't even give me a manicure. I was even nice enough to tip $10. You're welcome, mean man in the green shirt.
5	Great nail salon that uses aromatherapy to give the client foot massages :)
1	This place is horrible!!! My daughter and I both went in to have a full set of acrylics put on and it was a nightmare!!! My nails have bubbles all over them, not the length I asked for, super glue all over my fingers and inconsistent white on all of the nails.Her technician was incredibly rude, didn't cut to the length she asked for, left polish (black) all over her fingers, and didn't polish the entire nail.I requested our money back so we could have them fixed elsewhere but of course he thought they looked fine.  I even asked the person who's nails he was doing at the time if she thought my nails looked bubbly and awful and she agreed as well.Please don't waste your hard earned money!!! These people are the worst!!!
4	I came in on an impulse since I was in the area at the time and needed a quick manicure. They didn't seem too busy and I was seated right away.I decided to get my regular gel manicure and choose my typical color which was eclipse. They asked me three times if I was sure....of course I was....sheesh.Mind you I have been cleaning my house and my hands were a wreck....and my cuticles were so bad.....having them in. Chemicals all week will do that.  The guy gave me some grief about them but he did an awesome job with cleaning them up.My hands looked amazingI have been trying to keep up with my nails but life goes on. I didn't need the small comments  lol. Wish the full menu was up on the wall. They didn't have all the services on the menu....that included the gel manicure which is btw $35. No biggie.Only other thing that bothered me was the heavy smell of nail products.....needs better ventilation. But I will come back.
2	My gel manicure turned out not-so-great. The people are nice and they helped us right away, but I'm really not happy with how my polish turned out.
4	I was hesitant about trying this place due to the wide range of yelp stars.  But....I was in the neighborhood and really wanted a pedicure, so I popped in and asked if they had time right then and how much they charge for a pedicure ($25).  Ok, I'll try it.  I wasn't in the mood to talk, a fact observed and respected by the nail tech.  He was swift and methodical and did a good job taking care of my neglected feet.  One cool thing: he used an electric buffer (he called it a drill!) that sanded a few of my ridgy nails back down to their natural smooth state.  (Yes, perhaps TMI!)Quick, thorough, and relatively inexpensive.  I'd come here again if I'm in the area.
5	My sister and I have been coming to Perfect 10 for 4 or 5 years.  The nail techs are very good and their prices are extremely reasonable.  We usually come in every 2 to 3 weeks and they are always accommodating.  No - I don't have the same person do my nails or pedicure every time, but receive excellent results with whomever I get.  We have brought my granddaughters in several times and they are treated like an adult customer - full service, no shortcuts!  Whenever my 80 something mom comes into town, she always asks to have her nails done here!  Says they are very gentle with her arthritic hands!
1	This was my first and last time going here. I had a doctors appt in this area and decided to try the area. The lady named Yen was who did my pedicure. I walked into Salon and a guy didn't greet me he just said pick a color. I waited and the girl that did my feet didn't greet me either. She had a co-worker sit next to us the whole time making fun of the lady next to me and talking about me as well. I had to try and also get her name because she wasn't going to volunteer it and there was a language barrier. Definitely an unpleasant experience not worth the $25.00. Will never go back!
1	I just moved here and needed my gels filled. What I ended up with was a gel manicure. Being told this is the new thing, no!!  After taking off my nails and being told I was getting new set, I was stunned when the gel Polish was being put on and not the actual sculpted gel set I was expecting!!  Very disappointed, will not go back!!
1	I usually love this place but I went to get a gel pedicure and I told t he guy several times. However he didn't do it and wondered why I wasn't happy with the service. Maybe if he took time from watching the soccer game to do my feet I would've gotten better service.
4	Only 2 reasons I come here. 1. To have Linda do my nails and 2. Location to my house.    If Linda leaves I won't be back and my 4 star rating is for Linda only not for the shop in whole.      I can put up with the rude greetings and lack of friendliness from the other nail techs when I walk in.   Linda is that shops only salvation.   She is nice, u can understand her, and listens to what u want and does a fantastic job.   FYI.  The male techs are horrible all of them.  There rough unfriendly and constantly watch tv so stay away from them as u will not be happy with there service.  Trust me I learned the hard way.
1	I signed up for yelp just to leave this review.   Worst.  Pedicure.  Ever.  This place is filthy.  Tools are not cleaned.  Massage?  Please. Paper towels between your toes instead of toe spreaders.  No help putting sandals on.  I've never been more disappointed.   I took my two daughter in laws for birthday pedicures.  So embarrassed.   Don't waste your health,  money, or time.  I wish I could say zero stars.
2	They were nice but there was some Health inspector there and it didn't seem to be some routine check...and the staff seemed nervous and were doing a lot of whispering.
1	I loved this place while Janet was there.    Janet is at Pamper Me Day Spa and Salon on Craig  and Rancho.  Her number is 702-325-3575.
