5	I went to the new location of Carolina Ale House near Concord Mills for dinner tonight. The food was really tasty and a good value. The hamburgers are freshly made, and you can really taste the difference compared to some of the other chains' frozen patties. The fries were really crispy and not greasy. There were literally tvs in every direction, and I cannot wait until the fall to head there for college basketball games. The service was fast and friendly. I have been to other Ale House locations in the triangle area, and this one is by far the nicest. They also have a patio for outdoor seating. I noticed that draft beers are $3 on Wednesday nights. The craft beer list is extensive, featuring many local NC breweries and great detailed information on the individual beer selections. I highly recommend this restaurant!
3	I had buffalo chicken. Spicier than most. I ordered a sandwich, she brought a wrap. It was good. Looks like they are still ironing out some things as they just opened a week ago. Hubby's chicken sandwich was good altho they forgot to dress it. They have a huge beer assortment altho only 6 or so wheat beers, which I Love, so that was a bummer. Service wasn't perfect, just ok. Atmosphere was casual sports bar-ish. They have OMB Copper and that's pretty good.
5	My happiest check in ever. This was my favorite restaurant while attending NC State and am so happy they have one close to home now. Great atmosphere and amazing food!
5	First time at this location. The fried pickles and the Pub Burger was awesome. Wife had the Brisket sandwich with Au jus and it melted in my mouth. The service was great and the atmosphere just as good. Great place to chill out and enjoy an affordable great tasting meal.
5	I have now been to this establishment twice and can't seem to order anything besides the Pub Burger due to the perfectly cooked pattie, the sharp cheddar, the house made sauce and the topping of onion strings. This burger has rivaled every burger that I have ever had and won hands down. The service deserves all 5 of the stars that I have awarded them as well. My wife is mildly allergic to red onion which was in her wrap when she recieved it. The staff was apologetic, courteous and expedient with resolving the discrepancy. The manager himself brought the corrected entree to her and also apologized to her and told her that her meal would be comped for the mistake. Now that's the level of service that one should expect when spending money at a restaurant.
3	If you are looking for beer selection - great place, but food is not so good. Fish and chips - fish not crispy and chips very greasy. Beef sandwich with au jus - high sodium.  Fried pickles covered in oil. Waitress - very good stopped by to check on us at just the right time.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this place. Great food and they have 72 taps! I had the veggie burger with fries, which was excellent. I would totally go back there again!
1	We live really close to Carolina Ale House so were very excited when it opened!  We have been many times.  As a bar- it's a good spot!  As a restaurant.....NO.......I have now tried a salad, fish and chips, nachos, their sampler platter and the Reuben.  Nothing has been great....I'd rank it along with all other chain bar food.  The Reuben was the worst I've EVER had!  The bread was not grilled, it was cold and just tasted "off".  I hardly touched it and the server did not ask why.  She was also MIA for about 5-10 minutes after the food was run which was frustrating because I needed 1,000 dressing to try and revive the sandwich, which was unsuccessful.If you want a beer head here!  If you want edible food, don't bother.
2	Probably one of the worst experiences I encountered at a restaurant. The hostess had a distinct attitude about her like she didn't want to be there. On top of that, she didn't greet us like she is supposed to. Also, when we asked for a booth instead of a table she rolled her eyes at us. When we ordered our food, one of us ordered soup with our meal, and once the food was brought out, the waitress brought us the wrong soup. She told us the chef said the special was different. She left the table and came back a few minutes later saying the chef was wrong and the original soup special she said it was, they actually still had. So she brought us out a cup of that soup as well, which wasn't that great after all was said and done. Also, my girlfriends chicken sandwich was supposed to be a buffalo chicken sandwich, but it was a poor excuse of one. There was no buffalo sauce on it and I have seen pieces of toast that were more moist than this sandwich. The burger I had was decent, but nothing to write home about. Oh yeah, and did I mention that my girlfriend found a bug in her water? I will not be coming back to this location. My experience at the location in Uptown Charlotte was 100 times better.
4	Concord definitely needs more places like this. It is a wonderful sports bar. I think they have enough TVs to show every sporting event that is occurring across the globe! The outdoor patio is very inviting. It was almost tranquil, which was a pleasant surprise for a sports bar. Our sever, Mike, was very friendly and accommodating. The food is standard bar food. We had drinks and appetizers: spinach artichoke dip and dry rub chicken wings.  We both got the drink special: a bay breeze for $4.50. Initially, the drinks were a bit watered down. Our waiter, gladly returned the drinks and got us new ones, which were better. The only drawback to this place is they didn't have the volume on for the football games. It's the beginning of college football season, so I expected to be able to view and listen to the game. The bar showed a bunch of games, but played music in the background. I asked the waiter if they could turn on the volume for the football game and she stated "I don't think they ever play the game over the speakers, just music." I can only hope that she is mistaken. I can't imagine them continuing this policy through football season, especially for Panthers games. I'll give them one more try.
5	We had a great experience at the Carolina Ale House.The service was fast and friendly. All of our food, with the exception of the mashed potatoes, was excellent. Prices are good for the amount of food that you get. We'll definitely be back.
3	Ooooooh Carolina Ale House, how you have been good and bad to me on my few visits (hence the 3 stars).First, I will start with the "not so great, but I haven't given up on you yet items". For one, BRING A JACKET/SWEATER/COAT!!! Yes, I am yelling that because it is cold in there and the air blows EVERYWHERE:  Left, right, up, down, under the table, over the table, on your food, and on your face, arms, and legs. So, listen to me on that and you will thank me later. Next, the food here is hit or miss depending on what you order. The items I have tried so far and would not recommend would be the following:  Pepperoni pizza (way too greasy, too much cheese), BBQ pork ribs (tender but the sauce was not that good), Baked beans (I've had better), and the Carolina Ale House fries (Hmmmmmm never again will I order them). The last thing that I didn't like nor did I understand was why there was loud music playing over the speakers  throughout the restaurant and not any of the football games. This is a sports bar right??? They need to change that ASAP!Well, that's enough about the "bad" things, let's move on to the "just when I was about to give up on this place, these items saved it" items. First, there are TV's EVERYWHERE in the restaurant, so no matter what angle you are sitting at, a tv will be in your line of sight. All sporting events were playing the night I went and I loved it! This is a great place to come to watch any game you want and to have drinks. Next, now I know there were some food items that I didn't approve of, but there are a few I would definitely recommend. The burgers here are to die for! They are thick and juicy and very tasty. Their wings are really good too and I have gotten them each time I've gone and shared them with everyone at my table and they all have loved them too. Finally the spinach dip here is by far the best spinach dip I have ever had and will always get it as an appetizer when I go. Finally, the service here has been great every time I've gone and the managers have been visible and checked on me and my party each time, which is greatly appreciated. I can't finish this review without mentioning the LARGE selection of draft beer they have. Now, I am not much of a beer drinker, but those of you who are well, Carolina Ale House is where you need to be!I will definitely be returning here, but only for the wings, burgers, and sports (if the sound is turned on for games)!
4	Solid sports bar. Lots of tv's and friendlier staff than twin peaks. Chicken quasadilla was really good. Slightly better beer prices than similar chains. We will be back on football Saturday's and Sunday's.
3	I've been here 3 or 4 times now and this place is kind of just your average modern sports bar with the prerequisite huge beer selection and walls of TVs. The food is ok as is the service. Nothing not to like but, nothing that really makes it stand out either.
4	Got the wings here.  Wings were as large as I've ever gotten (dwarfs Quaker Stake and Buffalo Wild Wings).  They were very fairly priced and filling, nice bargain.  They aren't a "wing" restaurant so they obviously don't have tons of different sauces, maybe 6 at the most.  The honey buffalo was very interesting and tasty.  They also have grilled wings, very tasty.  The beer menu is very robust, almost as if they copied Flying Saucer...even the beer menus look verrrry similar.  They had many large screen tv's with sports, comfortable booths, and attractive waitresses.  I would definitely eat there again but its a little loud for a "date" place.  There were a lot of Harley Davidson yuppie wannabees there when I went so don't be scared off if you see a lot of bikes there, the people are harmless.  This place is a nice alternative to other options in the area, should be slam packed race weeks.
3	service is slow at times, but food is good ans so is the beer varaiety.
3	It was actually kinda exciting to see this place go up since I have fond memories of it from my days in college in Raleigh.  I may have chosen the worse days to go check this place out - the last time was during "kids night" so it was packed and we were trying to celebrate a friend's birthday.  I think the hostess was already frazzled from all the kids, so she wasn't exactly the sharpest tool in the shed when we were trying to grab a table for the hour long wait.Food was okay... nothing special, but nothing bad either.  Decent selections of draft available.  Service was again a little shaky due to the amount of people in there.Location is tucked way back past Concord Mills on the left in front of Academy Sports.  I am not going to go out of my way to visit this place, but it's definitely worth a try.  Hopefully my next experience is not when it is super busy again.
2	We were so excited to see this place open. We are really close and thought that we would have somewhere to eat and catch a brew without entering the traffic jam at Concord Mills.The food here is hit or miss depending on what you order. The items I have tried so far; BBQ pork ribs (tender and meaty, but the dry rub made them taste burnt, the sauce was good), Baked beans (dried out and cold), and the Salmon (delicious), the Ruben (thought it was good not great), fish and chips (don't order this unless you like more breading than fish, I pulled my breading off), the Tilapia special (honestly I wouldn't have served it, about the size of an iPhone), the wings are terrible too, deep fried with lots of breading, but the sauce was pretty good.When I first visited the server was attentive and constantly checked on us to make sure things went well. The last two times (dinner)... took an extremely long time to great us. The food service was horrible, it took over 30 minutes to get anything to eat and our drinks were not refilled or even checked on, even the beer. The salads came with the meal, the balsamic dressing was the consistency of pudding. The food was cold but after the long wait we just ate it. The server never returned to ask if everything was alright and the manager spent the whole time talking with friends at a table right beside us. We noticed a lot fewer cars in the parking lot than usual and it was within 45 minutes of a football game on Sunday evening, curious. We both commented on it and said what a shame if they go out of business.I agree with the other comments about the loud music playing over the speakers  throughout the restaurant. We could not hear any of the football games or baseball playoffs. This is a sports bar right??? They need to change that ASAP! Temperature was "north pole" cold and it was a nice 75 outside. What's good about this place, and why do we keep going back? First, it's close to us and there are TV's EVERYWHERE in the restaurant, so no matter what angle you are sitting at, a TV will be in your line of sight. All sporting events were playing the night we went and we loved it! This is a great place to come to watch any game you want and to have drinks. There is a huge selection of beer and it is cold and the mixed drinks are great too. I am a beer drinker, and this is just what we needed near Concord Mills. Two points for TV and beer.
3	I might have had it coming ordering fish tacos at a pub but I must say that CAH leaves much to be desired. The fries were great at the atmosphere was ok for a pub but the less than great service and slightly sub par food leaves me wishing we had went down the road to Jim N Nicks.The prices were priced great, making this a nice stop for a drink and appetizer before catching a movie at Concord Mills. I wouldn't go out of the way to come back though.
3	Boring.  I was expecting a bit more for a place that sounds like they have craft ales.  Instead, it was cookie cutter, same ole, same ole.Sure they have cold beer, but who doesn;t these days? So, nothing special here, besides wings and beer.
5	If you are a lover of wings you must try the jumbo wings at Carolina Ale House. The wings are huge and meaty which helps the sauce stick to them. They only offer around 6 flavors and i would recommend the Thai chili.Try the sampler platter to get a taste of the fried pickles, mozzarella sticks, chicken tenders (which can be sauced as well) and the jumbo wings. Lots of tv so it is a great place to catch a ballgame. Plan on being a frequent customer of CAH!
5	I come here often because I live close by and you have titos vodka. Elyse is by far my favorite bartender! Always love coming when she is working!The French onion soup is my favorite and I also love the option of grilled wings instead of fried.
3	The server was excellent. Never left the drinks empty and everything came out in a timely manner. I ordered the chili cheese fries and 12 wings honey BBQ style. The sauce was a little over powering and the wings didn't stay warm long. They were cold within five minutes. Same deal for the fries. Also, because I used to bartend I am picky about how drinks are made and my Shirley temple was made with the grenadine on the bottom. This made it difficult to mix and a little too sweet. We sat outside which was really nice and the TVs were ideal for watching the Carolina v Duke game. I'm guess food is one of their last priorities, but id still come back to watch the games.
4	I was already familiar with the Carolina Ale House in Uptown Charlotte but decided to check out this recently opened one since it's closer to my area of town.Came in on a busy Friday night with two other friends and I would say the staff seemed to be managing the crowd well.  It is a sports bar after all so it's pretty loud.  Our waitress was extremely enthusiastic and seemed very knowledgable of the menu.  Compared to the one Uptown, the staff at this one is far better and more friendly.Didn't order any drinks that night so about the food.  I always like to try the signature dish at a place, it's what makes them unique so I went with the Pub Burger.  We also decided to share a plate of the Carolina Loaded Fries.  The Pub Burger is huge.  It is topped with bacon, cheese, onion ring strings, and a special sauce.  The burger tasted like your pretty standard burger from a bar and grill but the secret sauce did give it some character.  The real treat was the Carolina Loaded Fries.  They're topped with pulled pork, monterey jack cheddar, and a variety of other sauces. You'll need a second person to help you down these.  They were delicious and make it worth coming back here for alone.Will stop back here again if in the area.  Recommended.
3	The food is wonderful here! The greek chicken pizza is the BEST! The chicken quesadilla, spiniach dip, pepporini pizza, and veggie pizza are all really good. You also have to try the dry rub wings, they are soooo yummy! The atmosphere is great. Lots of TVs, two pool tables, big bar inside with high top tables and a few booths. What is also very nice is the patio seating with a second smaller bar. There is plenty of room and cornhole outside. The young manager there is fantastic he is always walking around making sure every customer is being helped and are happy. We've always had good servers at the table with dinner.The absolute worst part of CAH and the reason for the 3 stars and not 5 is directed to one bartender.. let's just say she is WAY less than pleasant. I'm really unsure why she still has a job since you can smell her attitude when you walk in the door.
5	My five stars speaks little for the quality of food, as I was lucky enough to frequent the establishment as a bar patron. The selection of beer is refreshing to say the least, but the true gem of this tavern goes by the name Kevin. This guy has truly mastered the art. He'll speak to you long enough to convince you of his true concern for your petty problem and run along to befriend every other customer. Sit at the bar if you have the opportunity. It is truly the best seat in the house.
1	Stopped in for lunch before hitting the mall. Ordered a Long Island and got a glass of sour mix. Hardly any alcohol. And I mean hardly any. Watched her make it. Sent it back of course.  Them ordered the sampler platter appetizer. Apparently I said the the name wrong because she corrected me. A few minutes later a gentleman brought me a basket of fried pickles. He prints my order and that's what she put in. NOT the sampler. To top off everything else the other bartender was make sodas for the couple next to us and stuck her bare hand in the ice machine grabbing ice cubes and proceeded to eat them.
4	Service has been pretty good.  Onion rings, cheese fries, wings, and burgers have all been good.  Decent beer selection
2	Let me start by saying if you want a good beer selection and some fried bar food...definitely come here. They have a large selection of good beers on tap. However, I will not be back. The food we got (baja chicken salad and buffalo chicken wrap) were mediocre. The chicken on the salad was ice cold...not sure if that was the intent, but it was not appealing. Asked for dressing on the side...didn't happen. Also, the ticket/paper for the kitchen was actually on the plate under the wrap and fries and wasn't visible until most of the food was eaten, not terribly gross...just kinda lazy/unappealing. Also...lots of grease was soaked up by the receipt, so maybe that's a silver lining. The music at 1pm on a Sunday was cranked up as if we were in a club. But, our server, Jessica was very nice and attentive. No complaints there.
4	We have been eating at the Carolina Ale House on a regular basis.  We both love the fried chicken salad.  Service can be fair to good at times.  Rarely have we had a great server.
4	yeah, we really like the Ale House. So many beers to try and the food is pretty decent for a sports bar. They are willing to accommodate your sports team watching wishes. Nice staff. Looks like they got their stuff in order now.
1	Not a fan at all! It was freezing cold. Everyone complained but they didn't do anything about it. Food got cold very quick.
1	Last time I ever go there. Food was terrible, took over 20 minutes after I finished my drink to get the next, and I was at the bar!!! Service was even worse, there's at least 3 places within the close proximity that are cheaper and better.
2	We've been to this Carolina Ale House 5 or 6 times.  Our standard order is salad and wings.I spent more years in Buffalo than I care to admit, and I know that Buffalo chicken wings are NOT breaded.  CAH wings seem to get more heavily breaded each time we go.Their salads are seriously over-priced.  Lettuce, cucumber, tomato, a little cheese and croutons runs upwards of 7 dollars, almost as much as a hamburger.So tonight we ordered salad and wings, and asked that we get our salads first.  So you can guess which item came out first - the wings.We sent them back and I knew what was coming.  Our salads came out 10 minutes later and 10 minutes after that, our wings came out, obviously the same wings that had been delivered 20 minutes earlier, sitting under a heatlamp the whole time.  Breaded wings DO NOT fare well under a heatlamp.Two salads, wings and two beers + tip = 60 dollars.  Way overpriced.
3	They have a ton of TV's and a great craft beer selection so it's an awesome place to watch a game.  The food is pretty bad though...  Everything is fried and heavy, huge portions, makes you hate yourself after leaving there. Even something as simple as wings are no good here...  Stick to a burger if you have to grab a bite. Otherwise they have a very cool outside (but covered) bar area...  The inside is always dark and crowded so we've never sat in there.
3	Just as the Yelp rating states its ok.  Pretty much standard or typical bar food.  I was interested in trying out this place only because from the outside they have a pretty nice set up a ton of outdoor seating, big and spacious, but it never came across as a place that I would eat with my kids, even though they have a kids menu and passing by I've seen other patrons with kids, but it just never appealed to me as a kid friendly restaurant.  It could be because from the outside all you can see is a huge outside bar with seating.I am not a beer drinker, so I can't rate the beers and you must be wondering why did I even want to try it?  Well, I thought that I might have another food spot to add to my list of regulars, but not this one.  We ordered the Classic Philly Cheese Steak and a Bacon Cheeseburger with fries.  The Philly Cheese Steak tasted a little bland, if it weren't for the onions and peppers it would have tasted like a cardboard box and the Bacon Cheeseburger was ok, nothing outstanding.The waitress was nice and attentive, pretty much doing her job, again nothing outstanding.  Overall the experience was not bad but it was not memorable. I'm not in a rush to go back, especially when there are so many other options close by.
5	Impressed. Definitely impressed after the reviews I read. The staff was very friendly, the food was just excellent. Tvs all around if you want to watch a game. Great pub food. Endless selection of beers (I recommend the killians Irish red). Quick service, not a long wait at all. Highly recommend it.
1	The service here has never been great but tonight our server took at least 20 minutes to even come to our table introduce herself and get our drink order.  When she looked my husbands ID, she refused to accept it because it had a scratch on it and after showing the manager, he refused as well.  We even showed him a credit card with his full name on it as proof.  He is rarely ID'd BC he's in his late 20s and has a full man beard but even so, he's never had any problems with his ID.  On top of that, we hung around for a bit to decide whether to stay or not but our waitress never came back!   If you're looking for good hang out bar, there are plenty of other bars with better food, better beer and much better service in the area...
3	Great place to hang out and watch a game. Probably not good if you don't have a lot of time. I've been to this location several times and they are consistently inconsistent. The servers seem unknowledgeable about the menu and they run out of things often. Great beer selection but they last time I was there, 3 of my first choice beers were out and two of my bf's choices were out too. Good burgers, wings and the shrimp tacos are delicious. I don't recommend the fish tacos.Clean place with good food. I'll be back.
1	Ridiculously slow service, and less than mediocre food.  Also, server knew absolutely nothing about beer.
4	This has been my go to lunch spot since it opened last year. Originally it was just the closest restaurant to work, but the regular lunch bartender Liz has done a great job of turning a bunch of us Roush employees into regulars, plus she has been great at recommending choices from the large, and mildly intimidating, draft selection. After the Flying Saucer, Ale House has the best beer selection in town, especially in local brews.  Recommend the turkey guacamole wrap and the dry rub wings for lunch...and probably the only downside is the music can be on the loud side at times.
1	Just ate here and was served food with no utensils or napkins. Had to wave the waitress down to get any. And waitress then proceeded to play a round of pool - she didn't even check on us. Will not return!!
4	Came to this restaurant as part of an anniversary and sat in the bar area.  Our waitress was serviceable and for the most part she did her job with enthusiasm.  The menu was good with offering that range from typical pub fare to healthy.  Our table ranged through the menu and our food was delivered.  The four star part came in the part of the manager and his knowledge of beer and his desire to show that NC beers could hold their own.  The manager engaged us in a beer conversation that spanned all over the south and how they compared to beers in Texas.  His knowledge of beer pairings to our food was impressive and he turned some of our party into NC craft beer converts.
