4	If you haven't been to the Indoor Swap Mart, it can be difficult to describe.  Imagine these ingrediants all marinating in one giant shopping stew - Small business, garage sale, infomercials, Avon, amazing deals, tacky statues, street fair, carnival, and dollar store.  That is one freaky stew.   I had never gone until a few years ago.  It was a bit overwhelming.  But once your're in there, we found some amazing places.  There is a guy there who's been fixing watches for like 30 years and just couldn't afford to have a full time shop, so he does this.  He fixed a problem we'd been having that a fancy watch shop said couldn't be fixed.  Then there is my favorite - the sunglass guy.  He'll look at you, look at your face and say, "You know what, I think these would look great on you" and hand you a pair of glasses that you might not have pictured wearing, but they look great on you. And they are pretty cheap.  You have to realize that every little bench or table is someone with a business.  Sometimes that business includes some wacky and weird items.  But that can be fun to just laugh at too.  It can be quite an adventure or just a great day of shopping based on your interests.  But it will definately never be dull.
2	So I really needed a fuzzy Bob Marley blanket to black out my windows so we decided to go to the indoor swap mart (this is not true, simply an attempt at humor and a real life assumption on why most people purposely visit here.)They have everything from smoking paraphanelia, to naked lady ass beach towels.Seriously... there are a few bargains to be found here maybe...like nick nacks and lighters and fair food, but seriously this place is pure entertainment value otherwise. I joked that they should have a tattoo parlor because the place really made me feel the need to be tattooed...and sure enough moments later we walked by a tattoo parlor..at...the..indoor swap mart! jesus people.They did have yummy giant pickles and corndogs!
4	I'm such a romantic. Early in the week I decided to visit the Indoor Swap Mart to pick up a birthday belt buckle and a new wig. I had a good feeling about this, since ISW has rarely let me down. Under normal circumstances, my BFF and I would head over for a cheese crisp and a soda, that mysteriously had half my flask of vodka added to it. Today--on this Valentine's Day--I went solo because I knew exactly what I wanted and where to get it. Kay's Accessory has a great assortment of wigs, most for $25, and Avon merchandise (although I was only there for wigs that day). Khurana Trader has a great assortment of belt buckles. I was feeling so good about my VD that I bought two wigs and two buckles. Sweet!! There were several merchants that weren't open, with some posting notices they were closed due to some NBA thing.
2	I really only should give this place 1 star, but for the entertainment value, I will be nice and bump it up one more.  Our friend called and asked us if we wanted to go to here where he was planning on buying stuff for his new house.  He's full blown Italian so we figured he was just going for the traditional gaudy stuff that he has grown up with.I was disappointed that I had to give them a dollar for "admission" and I'm not really sure why.  I also don't remember it being so ghetto, but the last time I was here was like 15 years ago.  We found our friend in the ridiculous statue shop in the corner and began to peruse our gaudy surroundings.  We got bored really quickly and just wandered around.  The best place here was the little kitchen gadget place.  Other than that, it was aisle after aisle of bedazzled obama shirts, scented oil crap, and weird used looking drug store findings.  I did find one gem though.  You can buy a mounted T-Rex bust at one of the shops.  You don't really get better than that.I will probably never go here again.  We are poor, but I would never waste my money here.
4	Say what you will about the place but I am happy to pay my entry fee to eat the frybread tacos at Angelina's. I never miss stopping for one when I am in Phoenix. I am sure there are 100 places in Phoenix to get good frybread tacos but this one is kind of a tradition for us.
1	sensory overload. lots of empty booths, lots of junk, and anything else was regularly priced and not discounted at all. totally not worth the drive from Scottsdale. I did buy one book for $3. We were hoping for diamonds in the rough. Instead, we just found rough. I'd take a pass if given a second chance. By the way, $1 entry fee.
4	Great place.  I'm not afraid to go to ghettoville to get a good deal and besides, they have great frybread.  Since my partner and I stare at 2 computer monitors all day at work (which creates headaches), we decided to pay a trip to the sunglasses guy there. (sorry, I don't recall the name his little shop, but he's been there for YEARS)  He provided us the nice attachments for our glasses to take away glare, fitted them, and they were so inexpensive, anybody who shops anywhere else is insane.  We were looking at buying the same glare glasses at amazon.com for $50, but got these for 12% of that price!!I had been to this guy before to buy sunglasses (which I still have and use regularly, which have lived through my dropping them and everything) and I raved about this guy... he's great.  He really wants to help. :)We also went and bought some books for insanely cheap.  It's great.Yes, there is a lot of random stuff... a lot of random CRAP.  But you know... if you have the need, you can probably find it there.
4	No, you may think you've seen "tacky", but you haven't seen TACKY unless you've been to THIS nutball place!  You're going to need to bring your beat up red & yellow van & park it next to the rest of them, to load up all your new black velvet Elvis pictures!Ok, so you pay your $1, enter & turn left, to arrive at the most outrageous store you've ever been in!  I kid you not!  It's called "Lion City", & words can't describe it.  I'd post some pix, but they have this sign near the entrance:"PLEASE!  NO PICTURE.  If you NEED to take:  $20 Per Shot.  Thank you."If I had money, you'd see a couple hundred dollars worth, right here.  Meanwhile, there's no sense even trying to tell you what they have in this museum on crack.  Just go!Moving along to look for what I came for, a day pack, I soon discovered my favorite brand (Everest) & exactly the model I wanted & have had before, for a low $11.I also picked up a fashionable snakeskin belt for $6.  (Ok, it's tacky, but I like it!)  Then there was a demo set up of a battery operated, realistic looking weasel, playing with a colorful ball, for $7.  I bought one for my cat Marty, & he's absolutely nuts about it!!This is a pretty good sized place, & it's open Friday through Sunday, from 10 to 6.  Yes, there are numerous vacant booths, but there's still plenty to see & get tempted by, & there are several cafes, a hot dog cart, & so on, if you get hungry.I had fun here & am very likely to come back!
4	Wow, it's been over a year since I was here.  Today, I needed a nice Mexican straw hat for the hot weather coming, & knew that this was just the place to get it.  Then, just feet inside the building (& to the right) was exactly what I had hoped to find, & for only $5 out the door.  That left lots of time & money to pick out just the right cardboard Elvis!     :-))- Yes, I still love this place; the tackiest swap meet in the whole world!Open Fri, Sat, Sun 10 AM to 6 PM.  Adults $1 (Srs. free on Friday)PS:  WHEN you come, don't miss the outrageous "Lion City" area in the left front corner of the building!  Just remember, like Guadalupe, "No Picture Taking!"     :-))
2	This used to be my weekend retreat. Coming here with the family on the weekend and finding the neatest treasures, things I had to have but really didn't need. I haven't been there is a year or so because I moved to the far west side. Was excited to go a few weeks ago and this place is now not even worth the $1.00 to get it. It is dirty and dingy. Shops in here are full of useless junk that I wouldn't even buy out of impulse. I won't be returning again.
4	This place is pretty fun. So much to do and the prices are very reasonable. My advice is to come here when you have money to burn.
1	CLOSED OUT OF BUSINESS as of 12-24-2012 per their sign at their vacant location.
