5	I couldn't have picked a better photographer for my wedding. I would recommend Adam to everyone getting married. He's AMAZING! He is so easy going and so great at what he does. He took many amazing shots and edited a few to make them look even more stunning. I had people commenting that my photos looked photoshoped and they couldn't believe these were real photos. I will add a couple to the photos above. It rained on my wedding day and the pictures STILL turned out great, but because of the rain, Adam offered to come back another day to take more and do wreck the dress like we were planning on doing as well.  He didn't charge me any extra on top of his unbeatable prices to come a second day and he was fabulous! Please don't let his low prices fool you... he will give you top quality photos.
5	Excellent photographer.  Great to work with.  Adam is not going to be in your face.  He is welcome to you creative direction.  Easy going and SUPER affordable.  As I think it is with all photographer... expect to wait a while for your wedding photos.  That is not terribly out of the ordinary, but I did manage to get a few just to post on fb and frame!What makes him a five star?  You can't beat the prices for that kind of work.  Great concept not to take a loan for some pictures! It's RIDICULOUS what some people charge.
5	Fun and professional. Adam loves what he does and he's great at it. BEST prices in San Diego (there is no way you will get this kind of quality photography for less). I had to re-plan our wedding in only a months time and was delighted to meet Adam at a bridal bazar. His prices were 1/5 what I had seen through many other local photographers, and I liked the work of his that I saw as well as his personality. I was relieved that we could have everything I needed and wanted within our budget (we didn't think we could afford having more than one photographer at our event). He even offered to do a 45 minute test shoot for free so we could be sure we liked his style and could communicate together to get what we wanted! Our pics were ready in about a month, and we got EVERY SINGLE ONE on CD. It was included in our package! By not overcharging for every little thing (I worked with a photographer who charged $100+ PER FILE for digital images!) we can now order bunches of pictures for ourselves and our loved ones! Super happy with our photos and our experience :)
1	One word comes to mind when I think of Adam Brooks... "Unprofessional!" I had the exact same experience as "Lakedra m". We hired him to shoot our wedding last fall (October 2013). He seemed like a really nice guy when I met him but he turned out to be such a horrendous person to deal with after the wedding. He did not follow through with his timeline on when he would upload pictures to his website or provide prints (if you deny this, Adam, I will gladly upload the original timeline & emails). I had to send a few nasty emails to get a response from him (I gave him a week or 2 to respond), actually his assistant responded (different one every time), and he never once apologized for his lack of professionalism. After a few months, he finally uploaded all the pictures (unedited..wt#!@ was he doing for so long) to his website. It took a few more months to receive my prints, photo book, and video (picture collage), which I received separately and he had to replace the 8x10 pictures because he didn't review the originals before sending them so I had to tell him that my husband's head was cut off on one of the pictures.  Aside from all the frustration, overall I was not completely satisfied with his work. He lacks creativity and professionalism. We took pictures at Balboa Park and I have about 3 pictures total that I like (family & friends took better poses/pictures). Adam and his assistant took the same pictures but different sides, personally I don't care for the side view I prefer the front view. Most of the ceremony and reception pictures were taken by Derek (awesome assistant), Adam didn't do anything and the few pictures he took were mediocre. The prints were nice quality but the photobook is garbage (Costco has better quality). I came out orange on all the pictures in the photo book and the video (picture collage) was standard (not impressed...can't believe I had to wait 7 months for that). Overall ladies, hire a professional and do your research on the photographer! I don't have pictures of all my guest :( I told Adam I wanted table shoots of guest and family/friends group portraits taken during reception and he didn't take them! (Adam, it's on the check off list that we reviewed before the wedding..i'll gladly upload it) It's your wedding so don't sell yourself short. You may contact me if you'd like to see his poor quality work......Adam, if you have the audacity to deny any of this, I kept every email, text message, document provided, and receipts to prove it!
1	Adam Brooks is a complete unprofessional in every sense of the word. My experience is much like Angelica' s. I'll make a long story short. It is going on 14 months and we still don't have our wedding photos!!! Legal action is being taken along with BBB repercussions. Adam dodges phone calls, emails, and cowards in person. Our wedding photography package was simple and was promised to be delivered no later than 30 days post wedding. No excuse for this behavior. I'm convinced the photos were deleted, lost, or ruined. If that is the case, he has no back bone and lacks the integrity to explain what happened. We have afforded him every opportunity to make this right, however he is in hiding. If he is the last photography company on earth (and I use the word company and photography loosely) and you have to use his services, coordinate with the independent photographers he contracts out. These independent photographers are professional and take better pictures than Adam Brooks. I would solely pay for their services independently. I wouldn't use his services if he offered for free.
1	I had a great experience before and during my wedding.  My photographers were amazing, however It's been 2 months since my wedding.  I have heard nothing. I can't get ahold of anyone. I have no idea what is going on. - can someone from Brooks please contact me.
1	Hello,If you are the same Brooks Photography run by Adam, please contact me as soon as possible, as we have called and emailed several times over the last couple of weeks.I recently used a photo booth rental on October 11th for our wedding in San Diego, and we are extremely dissatisfied with the lack of communication in regards to obtaining the digital copies of our photos. We also did not receive any prints the day of the wedding.  In addition we were told that no props were provided and the booth was broken down early. Lastly, our venue facilities director stated to me that the person who manned the photo booth was named "biggy" which sounds unprofessional in a professional setting. We are at our end...please call us back or email as soon as possible as we are considering legal action.
1	This place is horrible!!! And it is not in Las Vegas it's in Escondido or in San Diego! I have been waiting for 3 months since my wedding to hear back from them.  Considering legal action. I hate this company since they have had our proofs up for 2 1/2 months and have never gotten back to me! They look horrible. Fuzzy, out of focus and they missed really important photos.
1	This guy is actually in San Diego, not Las Vegas.  I assume he is here scamming the hell out of people, not only customers but photographers too.  Two very nice photographers came to my wedding and seemed to take great photos.  The engagement session with Adam was even nice.  But now it has been two months since our wedding and with no replies to several emails and calls, and what seems to be the same thing happening to other couples, it is pretty clear what is going on.  I invite anyone interested in getting their photos to contact me.  Myself and another couple have linked up and are working toward a legal solution whether it be small claims court to at least demand our photos, or a class action lawsuit.  If nothing else we can try and contact the other photographers and see if we can at least get digital copies.
1	ATTENTION all Brides or anyone else who even considers hiring Adam Brooks from Brooks Photography. HE is an absolute fraud!!!!! Adam will take your money and not deliver what is promised in the contract. He will basically disappear on you and will be impossible to reach. He has been recently pulled from Wedding Wire and and will soon be pulled from other wedding websites. Legal action is taking place from numerous people. Adam Brooks from Brooks photography is also in the process of changing his business name. Maybe things have caught up to him and he needs to start over with a new scam. I will be sure to let EVERYONE know his new name once i get all the details. There is no way we will let him do this to anyone else. Especially brides on a very memorable day for them. Wheres the zero star option?
1	From my experience, Brooks Photo is not a very legitimate business.  We encountered their service while at a wedding.  The Photo Booth guy had an outdoor set up that was pitch dark.  He didn't bring lights or any background.  Instead, we just stood in the dark with a camera pointed at us.  He didn't have very many props either.  It was really sad and it consisted for probably less than 5 items. We didn't get any prints or information on where we could download copies of the photo.  They explained that their printer was "BROKEN." From reading the other yelp reviews, this appears to be a problem that occurs frequently.   You're a Photo Booth company, this is your bread and butter.  Shouldn't your equipment be checked beforehand? Instead of taking home individual photos, EVERYONE GOT NOTHING - ZELCH.  The guy also packed up and left early before the wedding ended, which was not part of their contract.
1	Please do not use!!! I am looking into legal action & curious how many others got screwed like I did! My wedding was June 29, 2014 & I paid 2800 for a package & I have never received anything:-( I don't have my photos or my video!! Why would a company do such a thing?!? Just horrible!!!!!!! Not one person will return my calls & half the numbers I have for pp no longer work!
1	This "company" hired me as a second shooter for a wedding in August of this year (before you ask, I sent the photos I took to Adam Brooks, per our contract).  As you can guess, I have not gotten paid.  In the weeks following the wedding , I was able to reach Adam a couple of times.  Each time he promised to pay me by a certain day, which came and went without his promise being kept.  Naturally, I began to get concerned but the fact that he sent, signed and had me sign a contract made me think that there was no way he would skip out on paying me.Meanwhile, my mother invited my fiance and I to attend a bridal expo and who did we find there?  You guessed it.  When I approached him and introduced myself, he didn't seem to have a clue that I was one of the photographers he hired (I had never actually met him in person).  After I refreshed his memory I politely, but sternly, demanded to know when payment was going to be made.  He gave some excuse about being busy shooting weddings and that he would pay me by a certain day, the following week.  After that day came and went, I realized he was never intending on paying me at all.  Having few options, I sent a demand letter to his business address.  It has, since, been returned in the mail.  Legal action is to follow.  Not only is he not giving couples their photos but he isn't paying the photographers he is hiring to fill in for his absence.  It makes me wonder if he is even a photographer, at all, or if he just uses other photographers' photos for his website.  What's even more sickening is that he is going to bridal expos and posting deals online to gain more business.  The fact that he could look me in the face and lie without hesitating disgusts me.Though I am naturally incensed about not having been paid for working an eight hour day on my feet in the heat (and spending money on additional equipment figuring I was making that money back), it infuriates me more that he is stealing such a special day from so many couples.  My advice to everyone who has been burned by this con artist is to take legal action immediately!  To people who are looking to hire a wedding photographer, please do thorough research before spending your money.
1	This photographer is in San Diego, not Las Vegas. My wedding was 9/19/14. I have not heard from Adam and I have not recieved any photos or proofs. I know several others that this is happening to that have not left reviews yet. I would just really like my photos. I am heartbroken that there is a chance that I may not have wedding photos. ADAM: Please contact me ASAP!!!!!
1	We booked this crook and met him last June for our wedding next year and we paid $600 as downpayment for his future services. We want to schedule our so called "free" engagement as he personally mentioned to us this month but we can't contact him in any form (phone, text, e-mail). Let's bring this criminal to "Justice".
1	Unfortunately I must add my name to the list of reviewers who have had a bad experience with Adam Brooks.  This business is currently defunct (their website has more information) due to Adam stepping down and is likely the reason this business is erroneously listed as being in Las Vegas which it is not (it's in San Diego).  Adam Brooks has gone MIA and I, like many others listed here, have no photos to show for my money and have not heard from him since the shoot despite multiple attempts to contact.  The website is now saying they have no phone and requesting not to email.  They are dealing with financial issues (gee I wonder why) and attempting to revamp the business with the loss of Adam Brooks.  It says they are posting photo status online starting Monday 11/17.  So we will see what comes of this.  The business address that is listed at one site I found with a coupon is:  4372 W. Pt. Loma Blvd #BSan Diego, CA 92107 And the email listed at the site now (which is different) is:brooksphotoservice@gmail.comMy heart goes out to others here who have had their wedding photos go missing as a result of this flaky business.
1	We also have had the same problem with Adam Brooks. He took our photos and disappeared. There are a few of us that have filed law suits against Brooks Photography, customers and photographers. The addresses you have listed is wrong. He lives at 4372 West Point Loma Blvd. #B San Diego CA 92109. Not unit A.
1	You can't give 0 stars so I gave him 1. I found Adam at a bridal bazaar and thought his pictures were nice and that he had a great package deal for the price.  His communication was excellent in the beginning as we took our engagement pictures and wedding pictures even though I know he was very busy.  It rained on our wedding day so he had in his contract that he would give us a free photo session. This was so nice since it wasn't his fault that it rained. We had a hard time scheduling the appointment and since then his phone numbers don't work anymore, he doesn't seem to have a receptionist anymore, and he changed his email address to which he doesn't respond to either. I felt like I was having a one way conversation for 2 months! We paid extra for an upgraded album and never got that album or never got any parent albums either. I can't believe someone could do this to people on their wedding day and to not even pay their own staff.  It seems like he should have a lot of money since many people paid in full up front and have received nothing! I just messaged Thomas on here who started some legal action.  I know that there are many more people who he has scammed who haven't put anything on here. So sad, I hope that everyone can at least get their pictures and I hope he is not at any bridal bazaars trying to get more clients!  What happened???
1	Currently an ongoing problem as you can all see..
1	My wedding was in september... got a link to half of my photos and cannot get ahold of him to fulfill my contract. If anyone else is having problems with him please message me. We had problems from the get go, starting with rick, someone should take action on this company!
1	DO NOT BOOK ADAM BROOKS AS YOUR WEDDING PHOTOGRAPHER!! We paid him in full because of a "special" he was running. Our wedding is in 13 weeks, and we still have not heard a word from Adam. He has gone MIA with our money and it sounds like a lot of other people's money and pictures as well. Anyone who is filing a claim against him, please let me know. I would be more than happy to join! This guy needs to get caught.
1	Hello!They changed their company to The Photography Company (http://www.thefotoco.com 858-663-5079 1463 Industrial Ave | Escondido, CA 92029).We met them at the Bridal Bazaar in October and met with Rick Lammert in person afterwards for a consultation.  We decided to book our engagement and wedding with them.  On the day of our scheduled engagement shoot, Rick cancelled on us and tried to get Adam to take our pictures, when we tried to reschedule with Rick, he told us he wasn't our photographer any more and now he has not responded to countless phone calls or emails.  He took our money and ran!  We are now left without a photographer and are cashed out, and not sure what to do.  If you have any suggestions, please let me know.  We are considering filing a lawsuit.
1	I've created a Facebook group for people who got scammed by him.  Send me a friend request (Thomas McGilvray, in San Diego) and I can then add you to it.  We can share information more easily that way.
