5	My breakfast here was seriously awesome. At around $6, it's priced just right, plus the service, atmosphere and quality of food were all exemplary. This location is about 5 minutes from the Strip, and they've got a good-sized spot here with loads of seating and lots of open space. I'm used to bagel shops being small and crowded, so the abundance of space was a great way to relax and enjoy my breakfast. I had the 2 eggs bagel sandwich with ham & swiss on pumpernickel. Everything was fantastic. The bagel was moist & chewy, the ham and eggs were hot and tasted fresh and the dripping swiss cheese tied the whole thing together nicely. I savored every bite. Not a whole lot more to say than that. If you don't feel like dropping a dime on a breakfast buffet at some hotel, and you don't want another greasy meal at Denny's, stop in here for a damn tasty breakfast sandwich.
5	I had an excellent breakfast here. I was helped my a VERY nice, helpful, and enthusiastic African American gentleman. Can't remember his name, unfortunately, but his customer service was amazing! He was so happy taking our orders and even called out our names to say goodbye as we were leaving! My five star rating is based solely on him!
5	This is the best Einsteins Bagels I have ever been to. I was taking my man to the airport for an emergency trip to NY (death in the family...sucks) and we had some time to kill so we decided to get a quick breakfast bite. We roll in, my little monkey in tow (my little dude was in preschool) and was greeted by the MOST friendly girl I have ever met (it was 8:30am and I was too tired to think about getting her name...shame on me). She not only took our order quickly but discussed all our options to make our bagels better. I was boring and went for an everything bagel toasted with light cream cheese (I am trying to watch my calories....TRY being the operative word) and a coffee refill (I think you get a discount if you bring your own mug). My man had a toasted sesame bagel with regular cream cheese and a large fresh squeezed OJ. The coffee was hot, the OJ was tasty, the bagels and shmear were delightful. On the way out...that nice African American gentleman that Rebecca W. was talking about in her review called out our names as we were leaving. Nice touch! Will be back again very soon :)
4	3/6/11Super friendly and fast service! They offer thinner bagels also...I am still amazed at how bright and happy everyone there was...and so early too...
5	So, last weekend, me and the girlfriend were hungry.  We were debating in our hotel room about where we should eat in Vegas, since we were in town.  Couldn't make up our minds (as is our wont) and decided to use Yelp (another wont).Came across this place, and decided that bagels were a decent idea for the morning.  So, off to the races!Or so we thought.  Yelp/Android's address for this place is almost half a mile off!  Heh.  We almost didn't make it before we had to go to Green Valley Ranch.  Anyway, we luckily stumbled on the place when I wanted to use a plaza as a place to turn around.So, I had this great cinnamon sugar bagel with egg, bacon, and cheese.  She had the special pumpkin...cobble thing with cheddar and ham.The cinnamon sugar bagel was great, even if a weird combination (though not as weird as hers!) to have with a regular breakfast.  Not too expensive for everything either.Had a cup o' joe.  Thus the reason for my five stars.  The hazelnut coffee was just the best cup of coffee in the morning I've ever had.  Ridiculously so, to the point I just wanted to get a few more cups.  Which, in fact, I did.  So delicious.  There's a few around my area, which I should check out to see if I can find more of that pocket of black gold!Oh, right, service was excellent too.  The order taker was patient, as we've never been there before, and friendly.  And the gentleman that Rebecca W. pointed out was just the friendliest guy in the world.  Definitely feel no sin in this part of Vegas!
4	Picked up a quick bite here before some holiday bustle. I was craving a bagel sandwich and I have had Einstein Bros Bagels a few times before. The line went down quickly and I ordered the Spinach, Mushroom, and Cheese egg bagel sandwich on whole wheat and the hubs ordered the Cheese and Turkey Sausage bagel sandwich. I also tried their Peppermint Mocha.Sat down and bit into my sandwich and I felt "healthy". My bagel sandwich was not as tasty as I wanted probably because I happened to accidentally overlook the Bacon and Egg sandwich (I must have been tired and cold). Still delish though. My husband enjoyed his sandwich.Nice place to come for a quick bite. I love their pizza bagels.
5	I come to this Einstein's every time I am in Vegas, which is a lot.  10+ times a year.  The employees here are great.  Pretty friendly people.  That plus a good bagel, what more can you ask for?
3	They never seem to really toast my bagel.. Twice now. Friendly people but come on..,its not that  hard.
1	I stopped here recently on my way out of town and picked up one of their Bagel Thin Garden Herb Turkey sandwiches to tide me over.Don't. Do. It. I really hate to come down so hard on the spot, but it wasn't appetizing. At all. The herb flavors were, quite frankly, disgusting. Now, I'm sure this place makes a respectable bagel. Heck, I've had respectable bagels from other Einstein Bros Bagels. So you could consider this more of a review of the Bagel Thin Garden Herb Turkey sandwich.Don't. Do. It.
4	We stopped here a few times for breakfast while in Vegas.  I've really only ever eaten at Einstein's for lunch (looooove their Veg Out sandwich), and I was pleasantly surprised with their breakfast sandwiches.  The egg and cheese on your choice of bagel was reasonably priced and pretty darn good.  The bagel was fresh, the cheese was real, and I wasn't watching how they made the egg, but that tasted fresh as well.  They didn't even charge me for adding tomato!  The yogurt parfaits were also good and reasonably priced (especially considering we were on our way to Mandalay Bay for business, where they charge $4 for a single banana).  The fact that they had *several* varieties of fresh brewed, unsweetened iced tea at the drink station.....oh, my heart!  How fabulous!  Service was friendly and quick, and getting to/from and parking were a breeze.Perfect breakfast in Vegas.  Thanks!
5	I work between two Einstein locations - this one and the one on Maryland Parkway across the street from UNLV.  I LOVE this location.  It's never as busy as the one near the university and the service is top notch.  The food is the same as any other location (the beauty and bane of any national chain), but what sets this location apart is its staff - they have always been friendly and efficient.  It's a wonderful place to grab some coffee, a treat and some quiet time.
2	I was staying at the resort at the same location and came here for a light breakfast. No one was in line ahead of me but it took quite awhile for somebody to ask but I wanted.I ordered a large coffee and a cinnamon raisin bagel with cream cheese and the bill came to more than 5 dollars. For a dollar or two more I could have an entire breakfast at IHOP.I requested a hazelnut flavored creamer for the coffee, but they said they do not carry flavored creamers, instead pointing out that they had vanilla hazelnut flavored coffee.Unfortunately, that  pot was completely empty. How can a place that specializes in serving coffee be completely out at 830 am on a Saturday morning?
4	Had a great EVERYTHING bagel with cream cheese and yummy latte. What more could a nice Jewish boy like myself ask for :)
3	I would normally rate these guys a five star on every trip. Today though, they were out of my bagel, so I had to drive a couple of miles to another location to get my Everything Bagel...the staff was very friendly and offered to make more, but I was starving and couldn't wait the quoted 25 minutes for him to make it... Thanks though. I will definitely be back!
5	I came back as promised and it was well worth it! Please don't run out of Everything Bagels again!!! See you next time I am in Vegas!
4	We love their bagels and lox! Service was just okay though :(
2	A bit pricey for overcooked eggs and undercooked bacon.
5	I love this place.Whenever I am in Vegas for work, I always stop here in the morning for a quick breakfast.Dutch Apple Bagel- YUM!Six Cheese Bagel- YUM!Choc Chip Coffee Cake- YUM!Egg & Cheddar Bagel Melt- YUM!The place is large inside and never really busy.If you are a 'bagel' person... you should check it out.
2	Disappointed. I wish I could give this location 5 stars but I can't. The first day here was great. The second day, not so great. I guess for the price we pay and by my experience at other Einstein Bros locations, I expected more. Would you believe it took 20 minutes - AFTER we stood in line 10 minutes just to order - to get 1 sandwich! Wow. They were very slow at making the food. But at least it was good - says my daughter. They were out of the Tuscan bagel for the Tuscan Tasty Turkey sandwich so I passed. Disappointed. I really wanted that sandwich but it isn't a Tuscan Tasty Turkey sandwich without the Tuscan bagel. It was 11:00 am, the baker was gone for the day, and they were already out of bagels used for lunch sandwiches. That sucked.
5	Had the salmon lox on plain bagel with tomatoes and Lil Man had the cranberry with salmon lox. Both YUMMY!Staff was great, fast service and place is kept clean. Definitely a favorite for us when in Vegas. Lil Man wanted to go there everyday and not just for breakfast. Their happy hour is great, but maybe a higher discount since they close at 5pm...? Anyway, great place for very quick service.
4	The lady working here was annoyed by the fact that I was taking a while to pick the bagels I wanted. She had 1 eyebrow raised, & was getting impatient. It wasn't a regular order. I said I'd been asked to procure 3 dozen bagels & was leaving the country in a few hrs. They didn't ask questions & no, it wasn't some prank or initiation thing. I'm just glad the guy that took over said he'd be happy to start working on my order (with a smile), & said I could come back for it in a couple of hours. Yay. My mom loves their Asiago bagel; my fave is Spinach Florentine.
4	Thank goodness for GPS because I was taking private streets to arrive here from Harmon Blvd. The location is set back from Tropicana but once arriving I was taken back by the size of this location.I wanted bagels for clients on two different days and this was a convenient location once I located it. The bagels were really fresh, cream cheese yummy and the Green chili & turkey sausage Panini was tasty to boot. The coffee was decent here and another day I enjoyed a latte - but I prefer Starbucks. I would certainly return here again.
4	Fresh oj, fresh bagels, and delicious honey almond cream cheese. What more can you ask for? Definitely recommend the cinnamon sugar bagel.
3	Bagels are really soft. The staff is pretty nice. I will not go back I  just didn't care for the food here they were a bit expensive. I bought 4 bagels and a drink and my bill was 17 dollars yeah that's what I said 17 dollars. Honestly the bagels from Panera are way better just no lox 8(
1	Worst location! Horrible service! If I could give NO STARS I would! They were completely disorganized, couldn't get a simple toasted plain bagel order right... And THEY HAD NO SOAP in the bathroom!!!
1	Total chaos order taker was lost, confused and obviously new or unfamiliar with her position. A frustrated manager in the back looked angry and was barking orders while scrambling to work the line, borderline rude to costumers. Cashier then gave me a Latte frap instead of an Iced Latte. This experience was awkward and uncomfortable to watch my first and last time at this location. Get a clue your job is costumer service if your in the weeds fine, keep cool but don't project your anger on costumers when its you who's in over your head, epic fail.
4	Always a great fresh choice for breakfast or lunch !! They have more than bagels !! My faves are the turkey, bacon lettuce , tomato & avocado on a pumpernickel bagel !! Yummy !! Lighter options available for those watching carbs or calories !! The new chicken sandwiches are a great choice for lunch and not your typical fast food !! Service here is mostly fast and friendly !! So check them out !!
4	Very conveniently located if you are staying at the bluegreen. Decent selection of bagels and reasonably priced. If you dine in there is unlimited refills on your coffee.  Quick service and have not seen any long waits.  Afternoon happy hour is great with half priced beverages!
5	Great place for a quick breakfast! Service was fast and friendly and it's location is not too far off the strip. Prices are all below $10 for a sandwich, panini etc. They even spelled my name right...my kind of place :)
4	Really good bagels and great service. The apple cinnamon seasonal bagel is crazy good. Place is clean, service is nice. We've had a lot of Einstein bagels brought to us, but never visited a location; this is a great alternative to Starbucks for the road-trip traveler.
4	This is a relatively new location for this shop; it is situated in a new project where it is surrounded by undeveloped dirt lots.  Access is tough going eastbound on Tropicana; you have to make a U-turn at the light (Paradise).The standard selection of items at an Einstein Bros Bagels: bagels, smears, juices, sandwiches, yogurts and coffee.  The service is good and the bagels are fresh.  The yogurt parfait is a bit pricey for the portion.
4	I love the Vanilla coffee ! Makes me feel good. The service is always good here at this location. Thank you! Try the smoked salmon bagel with smear. Yum. Pretty much any bagel or sand which here you will not be disappointed. What's better than bagels and coffee when your in a rush.
5	I'm surprised that the ratings for this particular location aren't higher. I've been to several Einstein Bros Bagels that don't seem to have a good system in place. It's not that the food isn't good, it's just that the service tends to be slow or the orders get messed up (at least from my many experiences). When I came here one morning after a long night of partying in Vegas, I had a little too much to drink the night before so I really needed some bread to absorb all the alcohol still sitting in my stomach. So, my boyfriend and I ordered some food here and didn't have to wait in line very long and guess what?! The food was ready within minutes and one of the employees even brought our food to our table. I know it sounds so simple, but wow if I had a nickel for all the Einstein mistakes I've dealt with... I try to be fair because mistakes DO happen, but after a while you just start to wonder what's so hard about toasting a bagel and slapping on some cream cheese?! This location knows what's up.
