4	Buca's not the best Italian food you'll ever have.  It's not the best Italian food you can get in Vegas.  But, my friend Daniella is from a very Italian family and they come here all the time so it can't be that big.If you've never been here, the first thing to note is that everything is served family style.  As such, I've found it's much more enjoyable to go with a BIG group of people so you get a varied choice of a bunch of different things.  I went last night with one friend and we got the gnocchi and chicken marsala.  And, while the gnocchi was good, you can really only have a small portion before feeling like a dumpling yourself.  The marsala is different - it's much sweeter than what I'm used to, but still very good and is served with big, plump mushrooms.Their salad with prosciutto and gorgonzola is fantastic, and we ordered a $10 tiramisu wondering what a $10 tiramisu looks like.  Well, we found out.  It came in a giant bowl and 3/4 of it is still in my fridge.No, you can't have any.  It's all mine.
2	I've been to Buca Di Beppo a handful of times.  This was my first time at this location though and what a disappointment!With a party of about twenty, we ordered several large plates to share.  To start, we began with the Chopped Antipasto Salad ($15.99).  This was probably the only tasty thing I enjoyed and I definitely didn't get enough of it.  Fried Calamari ($14.99) was the next to arrive.  When it comes down to it, one can never mess up calamari as long as you eat it while it's hot.  Some of the entrees I had a taste of included the Pepperoni Pizza ($19.99), Spaghetti Meat Balls $21.99), Chicken Marsala ($24.99), and Veal Limone ($24.99).  The pizza was not good, period.  The spaghetti meatballs was not bad, and the chicken marsala was the only decent entree available.  The real disgusting dish was the veal though. Blah!  It looked bad and tasted bad. When it came down to it, the dinner cost me $40 and I was still starving when I left.  It was such a waste! Service was okay - not bad, not exceptionally good.  Just average.  The only highlight was the nice guys sitting at the bar who ordered a round of shots for the girls in our birthday party.  Hooray for nice guys!  (They were also a good sport too!)
3	Ate here last night for a family members birthday. Its a great place for a party or a large group. The food isnt bad, but also isnt the best Italian food I have ever had. We ordered 5 dishes for 8 people, and still had alot left over. Even though the food is only so-so, this is still a fun place to have dinner. They have tables in the kitchen that you can reserve, and while this sounded fun, I dont recommend it. Its very loud and hot in there, as you would expect from a kitchen I guess...Overall I had a good time.
5	Many Great family dinners!!! anywhere entertaining to keep the kids busy is always a plus!!!
3	The wait is fairly long. If you're bringing a group, which you should be, make a reservation, even though you'll probably still be waiting a bit. Do bring a large group because the food is served family style, and if you're a small group or only two you'll end up paying a lot and getting a lot, and taking a lot home.
5	Had my rehearsal dinner for my wedding here back in October.  We had scheduled the room for 30 people on a busy Friday night.  My party got held up and showed up late.  The management was very understanding and polite (though they were losing money every minute our party ran late) .  The Food was hot and fresh and the service was exceptional.  I would suggest BDB for dinner or any small to midsize group function.
5	The coziest Italian restaurant! I love it like crazy. The Pizza Angelo is amazing, although different. The Calamari is made just right, in my opinion, the marinara sauce that comes with the calamari is even better than the marinara that is topped on the spaghetti. Maybe it's the spicy taste. The Tiramisu is very "rum"ified. The Cheese Cannoli is great in a comfort food way. The garlic mozzarella bread is so good, you might just want to eat it all night. The salads aren't all that amazing, just salad. The waiters and waitresses are very pleasant. So.. the decor can be overwhelming for some folks, but for others (like myself), it's immediately lovable. A good suggestion is to come with a group, or at least 3 peeps. That way, you can taste more varieties without taking home leftovers (not that is it bad). Overall, this is a restaurant I go to at least twice a month.
5	Being from California I've seen this place a few times off the freeway. I've always wanted to stop there, but never any time. So when my fiance's best friend (who lives in Vegas) said we should go here I was instantly happy. And it was even better than I had imagined.     When I walked in I felt as though I had walked in to a restaurant in Italy. The decor was funny, like an Italian version of TGIF. But it only added to the whole experience. We wound up spending WAY too much for three people and getting WAY WAY too much food, too. But it was VERY much worth it. The food was awesome. And the quantity was huge. Although it seems a little ridiculous for them to charge $2 for a side of marinara sauce when we just got two $11 appetizers...but hey that's a fancy place for you. Had we ordered one dish and one appetizer I think we would have been perfect...but when your in Vegas you go big or go home.      This restaurant is perfect for any size party and for any occasion. The staff is very friendly, and pretty prompt. There selection is great, as well. I HIGHLY recommend this restaurant.
4	Delicious italian restaurant located in a nice area in Las Vegas. Not too far from the strip. I went there 3 times in August 2008. I ordered alfredo fetuccini with shrimp, margarita pizza, salad bread (garlic bread with tomatoe salad on top and cut in 4 squared pieces). I suggest you to order the smallest size (personal) since I the portions are huge!!
4	The one thing about playing college basketball that I liked (other than the scholarship) was the delicious food you got to eat on road trips. This place is a prime example. Our entire team, plus coaching staff and trainers, ate here when we were in Vegas to play UNLV.      I should first say that I believe myself to be a bit of a connoisseur of Italian food, seeing that it was Italian food that we ate on almost every road trip; so when I say that this place was good, it means that it was better than some (but not all) of the best Italian spots in the Western U.S.                       The food was delicious, and I should know, I think we ordered everything on the menu after we robbed the Rebels with a buzzer-beater three pointer. I can't quite pin down my favorite dish, though I can say the the bread was amazing.      Considering 20-some odd people were eating together, I think that the service was excellent, and the decor kept me entertained when I wasn't staving off the forks and hands of my teammates who were vying for my plate of food.      Overall I would recommend this place for anyone who has the cash for a fun night on the town.     Go Gauchos!
5	The fam n I went here to meet up with a friend of my boyfriends (who lives in Vegas) & his family, since it's kid friendly & not "strip" crazy. Our reservations were for 5:00pm & our show started @ 7, so I was hoping they'd be on the ball...well they were!The waiter was very helpful & quick, the food was out to us in a very timely manner & it was delicious! We ordered:*Margherita  Pizza*Spaghetti*Linguini in clam sauce*Caesar Salad*Chicken Parmigianaall of which was hot & so so so tasty & filling...not to mention decently priced due to it being off the strip...We left the restaurant at about 6:20, perfect timing!
1	I never thought I could find an italian restaurant that is worse than Olive Garden - well I just may have found it in Buca Di Beppo. About 15 of us showed up there on a Monday night and all across the table all I heard was that the food quality was terrible and the service was pathetic. Personally, the food that i had (spaghetti/marinara) tasted horrible. The bread was even worse than that. Don't plan on going to this place ever again.
3	Service was very attentive and they handled our party pretty well.  The spinach and warm tomato salad is a much better option than the regular mixed greens.  The creamy pastas are way too heavy for my taste.  Regular spaghetti and meatballs are nothing to rave about.  Pizza is pretty decent and reminds of how they cut pizza at little ceasars.  You will mostly have alot of leftovers to fight over.  The sirah wine is a good paring for most of the pastas there.
4	As much as I loved Stratta the last time, I had to budget a bit this time and get food that is actually worth my money. I found this Buca on the GPS to be very close to the Hard Rock. Infact it was just down the street from the Hard Rock on Flamingo. I came here on a Sunday evening, and there was next to no one here at 6pm. It took a total of 2 minutes to get seated. The menu is exactly like any other Buca's around in Socal. I ordered the Quatro Al Forno which comes with 4 different kinds of pasta and a meatball on the side. The total after tip had to be less the $20. This wouldn't buy me a single plate of food at the Wynn. The management there was very friendly. I remember them asking me how the place compared to the ones in Socal. I lied and told them its superb, when really it was on the same level. Its a franchise, what else can you expect but some good proportioned Italian cooking at the Buca?
2	This was the second time I have eaten there.  The first time was great, over a year ago.  Now, I was there with my family on a night that was'nt very busy.  Too start, they tried to cram us into a small booth, then everytime we asked the server for anything (i.e. ex-napkins, condiments, drinks...etc) she would disappear for twenty minutes.  The food (which was all supposed to be fresh) was dry and unappatizing.  Overall a very bad experience.
4	There was a really long wait when I came here with family on a Friday night. Unfortunately for us, there was some big prom-babyshower-post wedding celebration going on. Those people took up half the restaurant. However, the food was good and the waitress we had was really attentive and got us everything we wanted pretty quickly. Calamari was good. I had the chicken stuffed prosciutto, which I thought was pretty insane!Word of advice: get reservations regardless or you'll end up waiting almost an hour for a table if you come at the wrong time.
2	So, it's a super hot day today, but that did'nt stop me from craving eggplant parmesan. YUM! So me, and two other friends decided to order to go from their lunch menu. I used to eat buca regularly, so I have very high expectations for their food. When my food arrived, My eggplant parmesan tasted like charcoal. It was burnt to a crisp!!! Disappointment reigned as I tried to chew down my burnt, tough, eggplant. My friend ordered the speghetti and meatball, and the meatball was pink/red inside!!! My other friend ordered the chicken limone, which was supposed to come with fettuccini alfredo noodles. He a small piece of boiled chicken, a lemon, and pasta with no sauce. Hmmm.... we looked at his dish and analyzed it for a while, thinking this must have been a mistake.      So I called them, and they were very nice about. Although I do not agree with the justifications, I realize that accidents happen especially in the food industry. He said the meatball should be cooked because it sits in the sauce and has had at least 4 hours to cook. I dont know about that seeing as the meatball was pinkish red. Apparently he said that the chicken limone is supposed to be like that. In that case, it was  a HORRIBLE dish!!!! Boiled piece of dinky chicken with noodles and no sauce... for $10.00. They were nice enough to send us a coupon for free entrees to compensate, so I will try them once more, and retract my comment if they are good. Otherwise... stop being so cheap buca! keep your standards even though the economy sucks!
2	For the forth time in a row I showed up here with my family (12 of us) for a birthday dinner, and the reservation that we had made was not in there book. Thats 4 out of the last 5 times I have been there in the last 2 years. I'm really losing faith. They did manage to get us seated after a short while, but were clearly not prepared for the large table. The server was obviously working another section and then had to take on a table of 12 as well. And It showed. took almost 30 minutes just to get our drinks. The dinner took almost 4 hours and we were all frustrated and ready to leave. Might have to find another place for big birthday dinners in the future.
4	The first time I came here, a few years ago, it was a Christmas Dinner for a Starbucks staff party- I was my best friend's plus one.  Everything was served family style on huge platters. There were appetizers and entrees- I don't remember what we had but I know that everyone didn't leave hungry. It was pretty neat. The decor was very gawdy- the walls were covered with framed prints against a deep burgundy-red wall. It's kinda dark at night. I'd been wanting to try this place for a while- we have a bunch of Entertainment Book coupons for $10 off a $20 purchase. We went for  lunch this past saturday, which wasn't busy, there were three other parties besides us. You get fresh bread and olive oil with balsamic vinegar. My husband ordered the lasagna and I ordered the chicken parmigiana (came with spaghetti marinara)- we got the lunch entrees @ $9.99 each. It took a little while but the server explained that there was a big luncheon (in another room) and she apologized for the delay- but it wasn't a big deal. My husband didn't finish his dish. I didn't finish mine either. It was pretty good. I like that the chicken is pounded thin. Our server was pretty good about refilling the drinks and getting us more bread. The bill was $10.80 (coupon). My husband wants to suggest this one to his dad (who's Italian). There are only two locations in Las Vegas (restaurant row- this one & Summerlin). I'm sure it's busier at night, so you might want to make reservations.
2	My bf and I came here on a Friday night and were really excited about it b/c we'd seen one near my old job in Carlsbad, CA. It was really packed so we thought well people don't wait in line for bad food, or do they?We started with the apple gorgonzola salad b/c it was listed on the calorie count (very minimum info available for that so if its avail it must be ont he lower end of the scale that they are willing to divulge).As for the entree they serve in these huge family style portions. The small serves 1-3 people and the large. who knows.. The Cardinals offensive line maybe? Well we ordered the quattro soemthing or another. It consisted of stuffed shells, mannicotti, chicken cannteloni and ravioli. The sauce was very minimal and tons of cheese. I left feeling guilty for thinking I'd just consumed an entire wheel of cheese- My bf was very disapointed in the ravioli - he thought it would be the best since it was the center of the dish. Wrong. It ranked dead last. We both agreed that the stuffed shells came in 1st place. If I went back to buca I'd def. go with the stuffed shells. To be honest though.. Las Vegas has so many other great restaurants the next place on my list is the sicilian place on E. Trop. so we'll see. Stay tuned.
3	This was my first visit to this restaurant and I may not be back. It took the waiter about 4-5 minutes just to greet our table. We ordered an appetizer and he didn't come back right away to take our actual order. We ordered the quattro al forno which was supposed to have 4 different types of pasta and one of them was missing. The waiter didn't once ask how our meal was or if we needed anything. I will also add that it wasn't all that busy in here as it Easter Sunday. Our friends ordered baked rigatoni and the pasta was undercooked. I wouldn't recommend this place. I was a waitress and I think I give people a fair chance when I go out to eat. Oh and we got a different waiter at the end and our first one never came back to the table. Gotta love shift change!
1	We thought we had a reservation......we were 25 people.......we all showed up for dinner but.......Buca wasn't ready or able to seat us for a half hour. when they finally tried to seat us there wasn't enough seats, it took another 15 minutes to get my family seated at 3 different tables for a "family style" dinner. The Buca di Peppo family must be a dysfunctional family! We were at this restaurant for over an hour before we were even able to place our drink orders (3 tables worth) and because we were seated by the bar instead of one of there group rooms we had to deal with the other large group(s) that were waiting for their group room to become available. I was waiting for a manager to come and offer an apology but this never happened. There was one server for our 3 tables and he had the help from a couple bus persons but it was obvious that they were also taking care of other customers. Our 3 tables were served dinner at different times. They were slow to seat us, they were slow to take our drink orders, they were slow to bring us our appetizers, they were very slow to come back after they served the appetizers to take our dinner orders and then they served us a different times. This is NOT how my family does family style. Buca at 412 E. Flamingo in Las Vegas if I thought you gave a damn about your customers coming back I would call the manager and give him/her a piece of my mind. This was the worst restaurant experience I've ever had in Las Vegas and lived there for almost 30 years. Congrats Buca! ....oh I never talked about the food. Well if you still want to know about the food after knowing how bad their service is, here it goes..... We ordered the Cheesy Florentine Toast that wasn't bad, the appetizer trio (calamari, fried mozzarella & stuffed mushrooms) was pretty good. For entrees we ordered Spicy Chicken Rigatoni which I liked, we also ordered the Chicken Limone...very good and we had the spaghetti and meatballs, not enough sauce and the meatballs should have been called meat loafs, they were tasty but nothing like any meatballs I've ever had. One our tables ordered the eggplant parm and it was pretty good from a guy who confesses to not like eggplant very much. Bottom line....if you have a big group and are looking for a place to have a family style meal out in Las Vegas......KEEP LOOKING!
1	I'm not mad, I'm not even saying that the food was bad.  I just wasn't happy.The service was decent & the food was plentiful... it seems that they were going for quantity over quality.I wasn't really impressed by any of the food except their pizza was okay.  The best way that I can describe their food is "generic."  I wasn't blown away, like I was hoping to be.I was visiting Las Vegas for my 30th birthday, a local friend kept telling me about this place.  She was hyping it up like I was going to orgasm with each bite.  I was like "hell yeah, I'm there!"  Well, my short sightedness smacked me in the face like it normally does.  I am fortunate enough to have grown up in an Italian-American family, in an Italian / Italian-American neighborhood, my grandparents barely spoke English, I have more Italian restaurants at my disposal than I can count.I should have thought this one through before saying yes.
1	Food and service are not good.Not much else to say but it was just bad all around.  Our food order wasn't correct, the follow-up to resolve it was terrible, and the food when it came was overcooked and bland.  Instead of serving good food they just hope to win you over by shoving a ton of bad food in front of you.
3	My sister was visiting from Australia and has a thing for Buca so we ended up here. Caesar salad- disappointing that they got rid of  serving anchovies and lemon on the side since that was made it into a good, real Caesar. It's not that hard to keep small cans of anchovies around since they keep for ages. Caprese salad- it's standard and hard to screw up. The components were all fresh. Stuffed mushrooms- in a huge portion restaurant it came with 6 small crimini mushrooms. They were decent, but nothing standout. Veal Parmigiana- it was okay...the breading soggy with oil. I've had this at other Bucas, where it was much better. My brother wanted eggplant, but that was something taken off the menu as well because there's an eggplant shortage currently.4 Cheese pizza- Parmesan, ricotta, mozzarella and provolone cheeses were fine, but there was something missing. This didn't have sauce so it was more like garlic cheese bread. I put some more parmesan and some red pepper to give it something more. Baked ziti- this was pretty decent with a tomato creamy sauce. Too bad this wasn't something we ordered a big portion of, but a buca individual serving that was free taste from a coupon I found on the Yelp page. White and red pitchers of sangria- good flavors, but didn't even feel a buzz and I'm a cheap drunk. Our server was very nice, sassy and full of personality and brought out brownies for both brothers birthdays. Even though service was good, the food was just A-OK so I can't give it more than a 3/OK rating.
1	Very disappointed in the food, we were served rubbery calimari appetizers with a tomato sauce that tasted like we poured it from a can! Pizza was more like a chrispy quesadilla, then came our entrees, I had the Pasta de Mare, mussels were cold 4 shrimp (very small), should have made dinner at home, won't be going back there.  They really need to step it up!
3	Portions are HUGE!
2	My expectations were high because I chose them for my post wedding dinner in Vegas Buca did not make the grade not even close! I've eaten at other bucas and the food wasn't this bad. I was dealing with the events coordinator that was very friendly she assured me that everything that would be set up prior to our arrival and it was but not everything was. The space they gave us was a tight fit for the 34 ppl we had. The attendants were slow to fufilling requests. It took a while to get to the main course. The food was ok some of the pasta didn't have any flavor. I would never never ever go there again. They left a bad taste in my mouth for life!
2	Meh. Food is consistent but nothing amazing.
4	The Best salad I've ever tasted could have and should have made my meal of it!!  The chopped Antipasto Salad full of pepperoni, pepperoncini peppers, diced tomatoes, and cucumbers!  Salad heaven!  Can't say as much for the featured Lobster Ravioli!  Bland and almost no flavor but my server was great even on a busy night.  They said it was a new dish on a trial basis I say foggedaboudit!!  Stick with your baseball size meatballs and tasty lasgana. I'll try other Bucca's since this one got me started!
2	So the bf suggested we go here for dinner, and I was like "hells yea!" bc I had a coupon! This is the 1st and def last time we will be eating here!We walked in and the first thing I noticed were the plastic flower outside of the place. SUPER CLASSY!!! LOL. We go inside and got seated quickly, I was dying of thirst from The Secret Garden visit we just had and was looking for our waiter to no avail. We were looking at the menus and another party got seated behind us, 3 minutes later a waiter takes their drink order, brings it back, and asks if they were ready to order! WTF! We finally get graced with the presence of the same waiter and he finally takes our drink order, and asks if we would like an appetizer. My bf thinks hes money bags McDuck and orders the garlic parm french bread. I sit there in price shock, I couldnt believe how pricey the food is!! Esp since they had deco of plastic/silk flowers! I'm sitting here thinking to myself, "I havea 10$off coupon with the purchase of 20$, one freakin plate costs 20$!" Our drinks and app (which were cold!) finally come and I chug down my water, I then go on to ask him about the "Italian soda/creme sodas" and if he had ever had one? His answer was "Yes, but have I told you my suggestions for dinner?" WTF! I wanted your opinion on creme sodas, not what YOU like for dinner here!!! I then asked for an iced tea and he went away. The meals here are typical italian fare. Spaghetti and meatballs (huge ones) rigatoni, baked ziti, and all that pasta. Then they have chicken and some fish, which was meh on the selection. The bf ordered a small spaghetti and meatballs and a small margherita pizza, I ordered the stuffed small prosciutto chicken breasts. His pizza comes out and which looks yummy and we all get a piece... meh. I pile on the parm and it makes it a little better but still meh. The rest of the food comes out and I was like OMFG! Not at the food, but from the utensils that came with my chicken... a fricken bbq grill fork! My 5 year old was like "WOW!" I right away took that away, my son woulda had a field day! I look at my bfs spaghetti and was not impressed, pasta was al dente & tasteless and the balls were ok but nothing to fall in love with. I've had WAYYYYY yummier balls in my mouth before; I'm like a ball connoisseur I guess : )My chicken breasts looked ok, seemed like they were sitting under the heat lamp for a bit. I made myself a plate and cut into the chicken, and took a bite......... I was not satisfied! It tasted & looked like a frozen piece of chicken cordon bleu!  It was bland and tasteless also! UGH! I  also loaded that with parm from the shaker and some salt, it was ok but still dry. FAIL! It also came with some pesto sauce which was ok, but no cigar!The bill was over 68$ WITH my coupon!! NOT worth the money! Some people may like it because of the large portions, but the quality is terrible! Paying 17$ for spaghetti and 2 balls in insane! And my 23$ frozen cordon bleus were criminal! Horrible!! STAY AWAY! Better yet go to Maggianos and get better quality food (More food & a dessert also!) for about the same!!
3	I decided to drag the monkeys and my man out to lunch because a dear friend/co-worker wanted me to meet her new boyfriend. She decided on Buca Di Beppo for the family style dining and the kid friendly atmosphere. We arrived at 12:30 and of course my daughter's little DVD player ran out of batteries...so the lovely hostess offered her power outlet at the stand and even tried to hide it behind the trash can (that was super nice of her to care). We were sat almost immediately and Tracy came over to greet us. She was very friendly but very busy so our service suffered a bit (hey...she's only human...not superhuman). No biggie....she was doing the best she could. The food was decent...very Americanized Italian but the monkeys loved it...which means we will be back. The prices were not awful either....the lunch portions are the way to go.Overall I will be back for a family dinner if I think about it. The highlight for me was the gnocchi and the smiles my kids had when pointing out all the stuff on the walls (lots to look at).
3	Ok so i had always wanted to try this place but never got around to it, until last weekend I went for our company dinner. It was a very different environment then i had thought. Place was crowded filled with large party's we were one of many parties there. It took us about 20 mins to get our table, services was a lil slow but there were like 25 of us. We started with salads we got this Apple Walnut salad it was sooo delicious it was served with cheese bread also very good. When we got our main food it was family style huge bowls and plates big portions. We got the spaghetti, also raviolis, as well as lasagna and a couple other plates pretty good food wasn't the best Italian Ive had but it was still pretty good. After getting completely stuff the ordered dessert omg best part of the meal, they ordered Strawberry Cheese Cake , Tiramisu , and the Colossal Brownie Sunday i had the Tiramisu which is one of my favorite desserts of all time and by far one of the best Tiramisu I have tasted delicious!!! Over all had a great time, this place is great for big parties and they have good food and a great atmosphere!!!
4	you know how sometimes in people the outside does not match the inside, this is this restaurant's case. The outside does not match the inside. Meaning the inside is better!Ending up in there not intentionally but as a decision made literally in a second "there!"  (as I pointed w/my index)- Ambiance is awesome, it feels like true Italy (to me) this includes the awesome decor, this was the "ah! factor" so much to look at! and Italian classic music was a plus! - Service: great! not sure if it was the time and date or what but it was good (I note this because according to other reviews this has been the flaw) - Food: great, almost awesome, classic and big portionsOverall, a great experience, a definite come-back and I would suggest the outside expresses more of what the inside is!
2	Was seated right away, this was nice, but then waited for 8 minutes before anyone acknowledged we were there.Disappointed with the service and quality and quantity of food.  Been a while since eating here and the portion sizes have become smaller.  We ordered the Supreme Pizza, they said it would feed 3 easily-if you are a muchkin!.We had a waiter in training, someone should have trained his trainer.  After asking her not to take the salad, she did anyway.  That was part of my dinner.  All she could say was oh- really oh!Main course came out in stages and we had to wait to eat so it was all there.  Family style dining, I like, but the main course should be brought out together.Expressed my dislike for the calamari - only to be ignored.We had to ask for our beverages 3 times before they brought all of them.Overall, the trainee, was kind and as attentive as he knew how to be.  But will not go back.
5	they served us giant bowls of pasta for our party of at least 10 people, so much that with our left overs we could probably do it again at home. The spaghetti and monster half pound meat balls were excellent. We also had Bruschetta, Penne Basilica, and some other dishes. They have some much good food to choose from that I really wished they made smaller portions or we hand more people so that I could try all of the dishes. I LOVE ITALIAN FOOD. The walls are full with so much random pictures, they even have a pope room where if you wanted to dine with pope in the middle of the table. So be sure to look around before, after, or even during your meal. I would have like them to serve us complimentary slices of Italian bread with balsamic vinegar and olive oil, as most places I've been to do, but it was extra. when buying with a large group try buying just one of the large dishes, they said it feeds around 6 people, i might agree except i could really put down some italian food,
4	Great service by Kurt Awesome food and atmosphete for hungry boys
5	A little late but I still wanted to get this out.Came here for dinner to celebrate my graduation. We booked the Kitchen Table, which we were quite excited about. We arrived 15 minutes before our reservation, only to realize the restaurant had mistakenly double booked the Kitchen Table. The guy from the other party was being a total d*ck, so we decided to let them have the Kitchen Table, especially after the manager (Lorenzo) said he'd let us have our own private dining room and give us a discount.  Plus, we were a tad disappointed that the Kitchen Table, wasn't really in the kitchen...kinda deceiving, if you ask me. We will book the Kitchen Table at the San Diego location next time we go, cause at least that table is in the kitchen, hence the name. We sat down in our own private dining area and as Lorenzo promised, we were the only ones in there.  We literally had the waitress (Jennabea) all to ourselves!  It was very nice; Jennabea was fantastic and incredibly attentive!Anyhow...so the food, as you should know, it's all served family style, and as always, it was all very delicious. Everyone loved their food, there wasn't much left on the plate.  In fact, I had to push my plate away in order to to stop eating.. ha!I don't give places 5 stars that often, but in this case, 5 stars is necessary thanks to Lorenzo and Jennabea!
5	visit Oct 1 as part of a wedding...First time here,always wanted to try it. Have always been a big fan of Olive garden, so ere it goes....Portions are freaking huge...One small plate can definitely feed two people and maybe even have leftovers!Everything I ate and drank was free so here is what I sampled:Fried calamari+baby octopi   ACaprese (always a fan)   ACaesar salad (nothing spectacular) B-Prosciutto Chicken (fricken amazing) A+Rigatoni (less than stellar) Cdidn't try the spaghettidesert variety plate:strawberry cheesecake (good,but I've had better) B+Chocolate decadence (great, but a little dry) ATiramisu   AMy drink was house Chardonnay, and it was greatBased on my free experience, I would definitely go again, and this time try something with lobster or more garlic :DI might also mention that up until that day I had just completed a 5 week straight 500 calorie a day diet, and this was my breaking point-free food. SO I enjoyed myself thoroughly.Hope your experience is as good!Bon Apetito
4	Good food great for groups good service only down side it is a bit pricey
4	I was a little skeptical about this place as I don't have kids, so I didn't need the family sizes, but I had a great experience at this restaurant.The employees were soooo nice.  I mean genuinely nice.  Our waiter gave us a lot of really helpful hints and great service and this made our meal much more enjoyable.  I can't speak for all of the restaurants, but this one was a pleasant surprise.
4	I love this place. It's not "Little Italy" or the Bronx in New York, but it's great fun and the food is more than enjoyable, with a strong menu and fine service.
2	Had a coupon for $10.00 off a purchase of $20 and thought we could go and have a nice dinner. The ambiance is always fun and gaudy there. Makes me giggle a bit. I honestly have not been to a Buca di Beppo for about 8 years so I was excited to go based on my memories of having family dinners there and loving the food. Well, I guess maybe I got spoiled with better Italian food along the way because today's meal wasn't really as good as I remember. Maybe, my palette has changed over the years?  We started with fried calamari (all my boyfriend's), and mozzarella garlic bread. He said the calamari was a little chewy, not as crisp as he prefers, but he finished it all. The garlic bread is always nice there, but the bread seemed to taste a bit stale at the bottom. They always sliver fresh garlic over the bread. We shared the small eggplant parmesan with a side of spaghetti and it was ok. There were two stacked pieces of eggplant parm, breaded nicely, with a good amount of cheese. The spaghetti noodles were great, they were cooked perfectly!  All in all, I guess I didn't like their marinara. It seemed too acidic to me, like they dropped some vinegar in there accidentally or something. My bf makes sunday gravy and I guess I'm spoiled by that flavor that my tastebuds changed. Buca is a nice place to get together with friends and family for family style food, but it does get expensive.
4	went for lunch and with 2 people it is the perfect time.  the lunch portions are good for just 1 vs the dinner portion which feeds a city.  had the soup and salad and it was a good size.  the minestroni was hearty and a touch of kick to it.  the salad was the size of a side salad and i liked to olives.  it was just $6!  would go back.
3	I'm not sure about the services in other places, the one up in Seattle was pretty good but this service was tough to swallow.We were seated in the bar area, which is nice because I was able to watch football but we waited a long time to order or even acknowledged. It took quite a few minutes to finally wave down the bar tender who was suprised that she had a table and nobody told her. She went into the walk in cooler when I asked for service. The food wasn't bad. Obvouisly it's all family style. It has a friendly atmosphere. We had a party of 3 so the amount of food we ordered was good. Parking lot is dark. And while in Sin City, best to walk to your car fast...why? Something about that security guard that walks between Mortons and Buca di Beppo is somewhat alarming.
4	Service has been great lately, I wish they offered healthy organic pasta and sauces, the more I read about GMOs (genetically modified) foods the more I realize they are toxic for us.  Virtually all wheat, soybeans and food grown in America is GMO unless labeled organic or GMO free.
4	No matter where I go Buca .... Seattle, Las Vegas, Encinitas... I am always happy. Great family food, always friendly service.
5	Went for lunch. Met with friends we haven't seen in 6 years. Stayed for 3 1/2 hrs! Our server was great from beginning to end. Michael T. was our server. Lots of patience. :-)This place is very well managed. Everyone was very friendly. Manager even thanked us for coming in and opened our door. Very nice.Food was good too. Lots of it! Ordered family platters. Great experience.
4	Went on Xmas Day. Had a reservation and was whisked in to a table. The female waiter we had took about 10 minutes to get our water and drink orders while another table of 6 with a kid were seated  after us and got their water, drinks and appetizers before us. Our server was switched without any explanation to us, and our food then came out in a timely manner. Everything was tasty, from the Caprese salad, Stuffed Mushrooms, to the Short Ribs, Chicken Saltimbocca, and Stuffed Chicken Prosciutto. Was disappointed they didn't have the ingredients for my first cocktail choice ( The House cocktail Buca Bella) but the Italian margarita was tasty but a little light on alcohol. I'd love to come back on a day that was not as noisy and demanding  and Xmas Day.Caprese Salad: A- (Tomato was a little soft)Stuffed Mushrooms: B Short Ribs: AStuffed Chicken Prosciutto: BChicken Saltimbocca: A+ (I even attempted the recipe at home!)
1	Got our food 1 hour we placed our order for 2 people. We got cold food, and bad service not a single apology but a bunch of excuses. Don't tell me it takes longerto cook chicken out of all the meats you cook. Surely not an hour for 6 pieces of chicken. If I could give it a zero, I would.
4	TThis place is alive. It's like having happy family over for dinner. My international friends had fun and loved it. The food was great. The waiter was very detailed attentive and fun. I hope my friends remember all. My own family love this place. It is a place where we feel joy.
5	Fun atmosphere, reasonable (for Las Vegas) prices, and huge portions.
3	I ordered the veal saltimbocca.  The portion that arrived was not what I would consider to be a family portion.  We paid extra for a side of pasta.  Seems wrong.  Same for the fried calamari appetizer.  If you want a quite place to eat this may not be your spot.  We had to move our table because the party next to us was very loud.  The food was good.  Order a pasta dish if you want quantity,  Drinks were also on the higher end.  $7.50 for a Peroni on draft.   We ordered a second round of drinks that never came.  $50 for a party of two.  We expected we would be bringing part of our meal home.  That did not happen since the portions were not what we were told they would be,
4	Awesome food. I loved the idea of family style eating . I was a little skeptical about the flavors and food in general, since family style means just cheesy . But boy was I wrong !Amazing ravioli and  an equally brilliant spaghetti with vegetables. To top it off we were served with a big smile .
3	Service is always great at this location. Buca used to be one of my favorites, until there decline in taste. The last time I ate here nothing disappointed me.
1	We recently held our small wedding reception at this location on 2/18/12 and I would absolutely NOT recommend this restaurant to anyone with ANY kind of party. First off, if you want to make a reservation for a celebration they make you sign a contract. You damn well better make sure that EVERYTHING they verbally promise you is put into that contract. The lady we talked to on the phone, Jennifer, said the rooms were "semi-private" and "partitioned" meaning that they were off to the side and that we would have our own space to mull about and have our little party. We all showed up after the wedding and from the get-go, it was a bad experience. Our tables weren't ready so everyone had to hang out in the packed lobby for 15 minutes (it was February and quite chilly outside so that was really our only option besides sitting in our cars). When they called us back, our "room" would have been great for a party but they had sat 3 additional tables in there with us! Instead of letting us spread out and sit comfortably amongst the booths and tables, they crammed as many of us as they could into these long booth/table combinations so that anytime anyone in the booth area had to get up to go to the bathroom, the entire side of the table had to shuffle about. When we asked the manager about this, he denied that they even offered private rooms (though I passed many on our walk through the restaurant). Instead of checking with the sales coordinator, he made us pull up our contract on our phone right there so he could point out that the contract does not specifically guarantee us a "private" room only that they reserve the right to make changes and only attempt to honor our seating requests. We decided to just sit down, shut up, and make the best of it. Our servers were nice and the food was good but the whole thing just felt rushed. We were still able to get up, have a little toast, and hang out but you could tell the other 3 tables in there with us felt really awkward about having to share their space with a party that they were clearly intruding on (though it was no fault of their own). When it came time to pay the bill, the jerk-manager begrudgingly gave us a discount for the inconvenience. My sister and I noticed that this included a reduction in the servers' tip.  When we asked jerk-manager about it he looked quite disgusted and made the snide comment that "everyone is going to have to suffer for this." I found it to be absolutely unacceptable that the poor waitstaff who makes $2.13 an hour had to suffer for their mismanagement so in the end we left them a rather large tip. They couldn't clear us out of there fast enough, while we were all trying to get our coats and say good-bye, we were having to dodge busboys slinking through trying to clean so they could seat another large party. We ended up going with Buca because Maggiano's required a much larger reservation fee for an actual private room. In retrospect, I wish we would have gone with them, the price would have been worth not having to put up with that manager.
1	The bad link in the chain...On any given day I am a big Buca lover, I go to a few times a week to the Summerlin location, but today I had family to meet across town and made the unfortunate suggestion for this location.Starters: Buca trio;       Calamari ( over cooked to a blackened shame of it's former self)      Stuffed mushrooms ( cold like they had just been sitting out until some happened to order the poor things)       Fried mozzarella ( soaking in marinara that seemed mostly comprised of water)Entrees:       Penne Basilica the sauce was the only saving grace, the chicken was "curiously" soft and squishy, as was the pasta. Oh and the broccoli? Oops sorry they were out, at 6 pm..       Chicken Parmesan: I could let the burn edges go, if the rest wasn't soaking in the same tomato water excuse for marinara sauce.        Sausage Ziti: could you possibly believe they made sausage and sauce too bland to finish? Yeah my brother was shocked too.The icing on the cake? Food took over an hour to get to the table after the appetizer.
1	Over priced bad italian food. I would not recommend this bad experience to anyone.  Server half your age will ask for ID, upon ordering a drink, Really!!! I came to dine not to be insulted!!!!  My ravioli was luke warm at best my husband combo plate was over cooked and pasta was dried out and $11 for garlic bread really!!!! Which came way before the meal by then the cheese on it was cold and hard.  I would not return if it was free...let the diner beware:(
1	This is a very sad moment for me, because this is the first one star I have given to any restaurant. However, as sad as it is, it can not be avoided. My boyfriend and I have been coming to this Buca di Beppo for a while now, and every time we come the service gets progressively worse. Yesterday, he decided to take me out as a surprise dinner date. Upon arriving, we were seated the the waitress came to our table to take our order. We ordered our drinks and ordered the pasta that we love so much, the Penne Arrabiata. After we ordered the waitress gave us an attitude and look as if saying, "is that really all you're going to order?" We just smiled at her politely, and eventually she went to put our order in. Although it did seem kind of rude, we just brushed it off because they were pretty busy that day.One of the things we love most about Buca is the bread. After placing our order, we waited patiently for our bread. Sadly, it never came. We saw that same waitress bring bread and attend to everyone else's table but out own. The only time she came by our table was to bring out our actual meal. The penne arrabiata was good as always, but sadly not even that can make me give this place any higher of a rating. Besides the lack of bread, our cups of water needed to be refilled and not once did she come by to check on us. I even made eye contact with her a few times and tried to get her attention, but she never stopped by our table to check on anything. My boyfriend, who was at the edge of the booth even drank all of his water and placed it at the edge of the table to see if anyone would notice, but no one did. Sadly, the dinner at Buca was definitely one of the worst dining experiences I've had in a long time. I will just have to find a new one to go to.
5	We went there as one of our only options for a deal while vacationing. I received great service. The food was really good and we all had a fabulous time. The serving are on the huge side but it's so good that you want the left overs.
5	Its sad to see any restaurant get bad reviews but when we went, we did have to wait a bit to be seated but it was well worth the wait. The waitress was run off her feet. She was the only one there that had to be the bartender the waitress and the busser. Incredible! We ordered the Fruitti de Mer (seafood in pasta) and the Spaghetti with meat sauce. OMFG! First off the portions were generous. We got two large. And we demolished the seafood BOWL!. The spaghetti was so delicious. I have never had pasta that good before except for Anton's pasta. I'll tell you about that in another review. The sauce was exceptional. Its too bad management doesn't know diddly about staffing the restaurant properly. The food is so good I would go back regardless if I had to deal with the wait.
3	It's Buca Di Beppo.  The food is going to be mediocre Italian because that's the type of restaurant it is.Our waitress must have had something against my father in law.  She was rude when we sat down, she didn't take his drink order, and she didn't bring him water.  Too bad he was the one paying.But the food was good and it came out quickly.  She eventually warmed to my father in law and he got his drink and was happy enough.  Three stars because you know what you are getting food-wise when you walk in.  Service makes or breaks chain restaurants.
3	I think the rating this restaurant currently has (3 stars) completely fits the experience that my family and I had. The food at this restaurant is always good. (Except for the calamari, it was TERRIBLE. Chewy, overcooked, and just bad) The family style, flavors, and overall food quality was solid. I think the one thing holding this place back is the service. I've never come here and felt my service was good. It's always been just mehhh. We waited forever for our drinks because our server said she keeps running over to bar and they're not ready yet. They should consider a bar runner, for such a large, yet busy restaurant.Overall, I'll be back. Because the food here is always consistent. I just wish that they changed up their servers and had a little bit more front of the house management.
5	Great food! We just didn't know the amount we were getting well we didn't care. More  food than one person can eat unless they are starving for days! Great place to eat while in Vegas! Will return if I ever go back!
3	Order the Linguini Frutti di Mare sm for 16, used a spend over 20 get 10 off coupon.- Free bread. too soft. comes with olive oil and basalmic vinegar. - Free sample of ciao wine! fruity.- Fruitti di mare comes with shrimp, baby clams, mussels and calamari tossed with spicy red clam sauce and imported Italian linguine. - sauce was too watery. - lots of clams- Service a ditzy. Water please? To-go box please?
5	I'm a pasta lover, and this restaurant always hits the spot! Well-trained, happy employees. Eye-catching all-consuming interior decorating. Great for families and/or friends to catch up, or for dates. My favorite!Tip: Make a reservation or come early, this place can often get a little busy on weekend nights.
4	For years I have been wanting to eat at Buca di Beppo and it just never happened.....until now, when in Vegas!  We ordered a Bruschetta (I must admit I am a Bruschetta snob).  The bread it was ordered on was done just like I like - crunchy on the outside and sofft in the middle.  The bruschetta I felt lacked Balsamic Vinegar which our waitress was kind enough to provide us with a lovely balsamic glaze that we drizzled on top - PERFECT.  The meal selection was Linguine Frutti di Mare.  My only complaint here was that I did not have enough room in my stomach to finish; which was probably due to the fact that I ate most of the bruschetta (did I mention how much I LOVE bruschetta?) and that we asked for a meatball "just to see how they were" and the one she brought out was HUGE!  The wine selection could use some improving, but that wont stop me from visiting another BUCA.
4	This place is delicious however it's not a place you go to alone or for a first date.It's a family-style restaurant so each dish can serve more than 2 people. It's a great place to go to for a family event. It's kind of awkward going to place with friends because you can't really split the check on one dish. The bread was delicious and my waiter was helpful! I had the Penne Ala Vodka and the Mozzarella Caprese. Delicious! (I split this with three people and I still had some food left over to take home)
3	I went here with a friend a few weeks ago after watching the USA Basketball Olympics exhibition at Thomas and Mack.  The food is pretty cool.  I really have no complaints.  They give HUGE portions that you can basically share with 5-6 people per dish.  Spaghetti with meatballs was my preferred dish.  We also had the cheese sticks amongst others.  It's pretty consistent with the other Buca di Beppo's across the country.  I go to the one in San Diego and it taste pretty similar.
4	Ive only been once, but it was a very good experience.  I thought the atmosphere was fun, although a little crowded.  The service was good and the food was great.  It may be a little expensive but it's worth it.  I look forward to going again!!!
5	I was just here last weekend for a rehearsal dinner and I feel that we all had a great time.  The food was great and everyone was very accommodating considering we had 40-50 people.  The server on our end of the table was great (Mark or Mike??).  He had a great attitude with everyone and I'm sure that can be difficult when dealing with so many people!  I thought the entire staff did a great job accommodating such a large group of people!
3	I dined at Buca di Beppo on November 24, 2012 at around 4:00pm. My server was Eric. Over all, he was great. However, we had an issue though with what we were served. I ordered a small Quattro al Forno to share with my friend. The menu said Chicken Cannelloni was included.  All of the dishes served were stuffed with cheese only, except the shells. When I questioned Eric, he said the complaint was common and that "the chicken is ground very finely and sometimes you can't tell it's there." I thought that was an odd response.  Looking at the menu further, I saw that the Chicken Cannelloni has spinach as an ingredient and nothing we ate had any spinach in it. As we were mostly finished with the meal, I did not press the issue. I don't know whether the kitchen made a mistake or the server wasn't familiar with the menu, but I am not sure I would return to this location.
1	The proximity to UNLV is great. The decor, fun and funky. That's about all the good things I can say about this location.Seating was prompt, the server was not. It took awhile to get our server's attention when we were ready to order. My friend is gluten free so we both ordered from that menu. We came around lunch time but there is only one lunch entree that is GF, so we were forced to get that and something from the dinner menu.  Also had an antipasto salad.We stated from the start that my friend is gluten free, and we were ordering from the GF menu. Yet when our entrees came, there was pasta in it. The server said it was GF. Having cooked GF pasta before, and doing research on this establishment, no.. That was not GF pasta, particularly since they never ever have served it at Buca.About 30 minutes later we got our dish again, this time with like 4 pieces of broccoli. The chicken breast (chicken limone) was considerably small. We also got chicken marsala, which consisted of 3 chicken breasts and like 5 mushrooms. Really need a starch in there. Could they not have put potatoes on the side?I think we spent about 3 hours and $40 here, all for 4 small chicken breasts, a salad and not much else. I've read about their huge portions. Not the case for GF items.
5	Great food and great service. Our 3rd time this week. A fun place to eat. Great place for families and groups. Kid friendly. You won't be disappointed.
4	I ordered food to go for my family this time.  The service was friendly and timely.  The food tasted terrific.  We had the Chicken Parmagiana, Baked Ziti and four cheese pizza (which was just ok-  thought it needed more cheese) and a Mixed Green Salad. I prefer dining in because the fun, lively atmosphere and family-friendliness.
4	We've been to this restaurant a few times and never had a complaint. Staff is always great. Atmosphere is noisy and fun, just like your Grandma's kitchen. I'm not Italian so I don't know if this passes for real Italian food, but I know it's good food. We had a large group so we were able to try out quite a few selections. I was drinking their Buca Bella specialty drink, quite refreshing. We started with the Apple Gorgonzola Salad, the taste surprised me, perfect for the holidays with the cranberries, fresh apples, and spiced walnuts. We also tried the fresh Mozzarella Caprese. I'm forever a fan of their Cheesy Bread Florentine but we got the Pizza con Formaggio instead this time. And to round out our first round of food, some tender Fried Calamari with spicy marinara dipping sauce. Yum!For our main courses we noshed on Chicken Parmigiana, Chicken Marsala, Lasagna, Chianti Braised Short Ribs, Shrimp Fra Diavlo, Spicy Chicken Rigatoni, and Baked Rigatoni. Sides included Green Beans, Garlic Mashed Potatoes, and Italian Brocolli Romano. Yes, I was so full after sampling everything! All of the food was really good but the chicken and spicy pasta selections stood out to me. The chicken was very tender and moist, delicious.Ready and willing to go back soon.
3	I've been meaning to review this for a while now! We were in town for a tradeshow and all the buffets seemed to be closed, so we ended up here.The calamari appetizer was delicious, you can't go wrong with that. Unfortunately my entree was awful. I got the Chicken Saltimbocca with lemon butter sauce, sage, prosciutto, artichoke hearts, lemon and capers. Sounds awesome right? Well, unfortunately everything was totally flavorless. Again it was one of those extremely fattening meals that tasted like nothing. My bf got the Salmon Sorrento and loved it, so I was happy that he got to enjoy his meal. I forgot how expensive this place is, I'd rather go to Maggiano's.
3	I went here for a friend's birthday a couple of weeks ago. I had driven past it a million times, but never realized what it was. When you walk in, you almost feel like you're at an Italian home. The typical checkered table, Christmas lights, vases.. very Italian atmosphere.Everything served up family style, which I liked. We ordered stuffed chicken, stuffed pasta shells and Caesar salad. Everything was good. Not completely authentic, but decent Italian food. It's a bit pricey, but definitely a place that I would check out once a year or so.
4	We had a company dinner here and the family style was perfect. Drinks were also very good. Good selection of beer. Only thing I. Would recommend is to lessen the time between courses. Too long of a wait.
5	I don't really like giving chains 5-stars but I think Buca deserves it for several reasons.  First off the servings are huge, which allows you to order a few things for the table and have your party pick a large variety of tastes.  Second- the price point is not bad for the amount of food you get with entrees ranging in the $15-$30 range (depending on serving size).  if you sign up for their e-mail club or coupon clip you'll see a $10 off purchase of $20 or more.  Get a small pasta and two drinks and you've got yourself a very reasonable date!Lastly the food is very good.  Maybe they don't have the bread sticks or salad like Olive Garden, but the dishes themselves are very good.  As you'll see with my other reviews of Italian places, I use Buca as my "base-line" to compare other maybe fancier places.
3	Count me in the "not impressed" crowd.Sure, talk about the portion sizes all you want, but our $26.95 per person (before tax/tip) banquet-style dinner ended up being a bunch of bread with oil/vinegar (yay, all you can eat bread?), some salad, a couple scoops of baked rigatoni, one or two pieces of chicken (mainly tasted of cheese though) cannelloni, a couple pieces of eggplant parmesan, and a small dessert.I will say that the cannelloni was really delicious, the eggplant parmesan was about as good as you'd expect, and the cheesecake was also really good and different from typical store-bought cheesecake, possibly due to a different cheese being used. Regardless, I can think of many better ways (or one other particular way) to spend that dollar amount for dinner.
5	One of my fav restaurant...banquet style serving, casual ambiance. Others reviewed "pricey" but personally for the size of serving, I think its priced very fair.. we always end up with leftover at least for next day's lunch  ;) Tiramisu to DIE FOR!! Penne Vodka crazzzzy good. Avoid weekend dinner unless you dont mind waiting in line, we usually head out there before the dinner crowd.
2	Okay...so I don't really get why it's so crowed all the time??? The food isn't anything to go crazy over. Expensive, mediocre food? No.Okay, before I start to say the bad stuff, I'll start with the good stuff. The walls are adorned with funny pictures. They give you a nice little homey feeling. The pizza was pretty good too. Saucy, but that's no big deal. The house bread is pretty good too. I am a bread lover, and this was up to my standards. But, the spaghetti and meatballs weren't good. The sauce was weird tasting. I don't know how to describe it, it just made me crinkle my nose. The meatball didn't taste good at all. It seemed too soft for a meatball. I also had the chicken. It was VERY lemony. If you like a very strong, sour lemon taste, sure. Order it. But if you don't, do not order. Warning: COULD cause cheeks to disappear into mouth. I sound like a little jerk, but hey. I didn't like it.
1	I sent this email  to our reception coordinator on 4/12 and never heard back. I will share it with the Yelp community, and hopefully save someone from having a crappy wedding reception there."I just wanted to write to you about our experience at Buca for our wedding reception. My husband and I were running late to the reception and I got a frantic call from my Maid of Honor telling me that Buca swears that no wedding cake was delivered. I had to get in touch with the bakery, who called the driver who insisted that it was delivered at 9AM and he even gave me the name of the person who accepted the cake. We had to insist that Buca check the freezer for the cake. Finally, they did find it.Our reception was supposed to start at 1PM. We arrived at 1:30, but my guests were there at 1. Our party wasn't even served salad until 2. Once the entrees came, they were barely even warm. We specifically asked for a vegan salad and entree, which is on the banquet contract, and the server had no clue what we were talking about. My maid of honor had to wait for them to make it, and be served well after everyone else.The server barely came by. We had to hunt him down to ask for things and ended up having to flag down a different server a few times. We had 3 people that didn't show up, so we had extra food. The server didn't even offer to box it up for us, he just threw away extras that we paid for without even asking. No one offered to help with the cake or even offered us any extra plates to serve it on. We found some plates on a shelf, and had to get them ourselves. We probably would have had better service had we just walked in and been seated at a regular table.I planned my reception at Buca because my friend had her reception there a few years ago and highly recommended it. She told me how great the service was and how helpful the staff was. This was only my 2nd time ever eating at Buca, and I was greatly disappointed with the entire reception. I just thought I would give you some feedback on how our reception went. "Our wedding banquet was about $600. I wish we had spent the money elsewhere. The fact that Buca was right there to make the contract and collect the money, but then ignored my email says a lot about how they do business. Please don't let them ruin your banquet too.
4	Always one of my favorite places to go when I have family visiting. The large portions can feed a whole family. The calamari is one of the best I have eaten, so that is a must have.
3	Food was great. However the service wasn't that great. We were there for over 2 hrs. The waiter wasn't very friendly. It felt as if he was rushing us and looked frustrated when we asked questions. Experience not enjoyable at all.
5	I had dined here the last time I visited, but this visit was for my wedding dinner reception. What an outstanding job they did. We only had one waitress wait on a table of 12. She did a fantastic job. Our original reservation was for 7:30, but the ceremony was over earlier than I anticipated. I called and was able to get it changed to 6:30. We were about 15 minutes late, but were seated immediately when we got there.As soon as we were seated, the drinks and the food just kept on coming out. We had a set menu done ahead of time and were served immediately. I love that the food is family style. We had so much food and it was all so good. We were bummed that we couldn't take it with us. But none of our hotel rooms had microwaves.The manager was great and so were all the staff. I love this place for family occasions. I will gladly be back on my next visit.
2	Nothing special. I've been to Buca di Beppo multiple times and not once did I ever crave to come back for another meal I've  always just though it was ok. But this last visit will probably be my last, from the food to the service I just was not pleased , We placed the order based on other yelp reviews and got the spicy chicken rigatoni, it came out super fast I thought it was too good to be true, and of course it was. It was so bland it tasted like boiled pasta, we asked to send it back and they resent it the same way, we could hardly eat it, so we asked for marinara sauce and another waitress brought it out with an attitude. And the rest of the servers along with who I am guessing was the manger on deity were discussing and contemplating who would get the next large table right next to our table in such an unprofessional way. Even the water tasted awful! All in all the only thing we actually enjoyed was the bread that came with the bruschetta ,that was really good! Yet the bruschetta was filled with onions so it killed it for me, but the other two seemed to enjoy it. Sorry Buca this was another disappointing visit.
3	Good pizza!
2	The evening started out well. We were seated on time and had a decent booth in the back. There was another larger party right next to us so it was a little busy. We ordered the Spicy Chicken Rigatoni per suggestions on YELP. This dish was horrible. The chicken was dry and the sauce tasted like pasta water. There was no flavor to it at all. I was there with 2 other people and they had the same experience. We couldn't even eat it so we asked the waitress for extra marinara  sauce. This still did not help much but made it somewhat edible. On top of the bad dish the staff behind us was arguing with each other on who would get the next big table. I dont think as a chain resturant you should be discussing the next big table while customers are in the room.
5	I was interested in Buca due to the affordable prices and then really fell in love with the menu.  It was a gamble to get my wedding catered by a restaurant I had never tried before but it was recommended by a friend so I figured. Lets do it. I called only one day in advance! The general manager was super helpful. I think his name was David. But there's two David's who work at that location.It was truly an awesome experience they were early and fast and efficient. They kid brought the food all the way to my room on a cart.  All of my guests were really impressed with the food. My son only ate the bread because he never likes anything so I thought that was nice they had a package to purchase that offered bread.  My husband doesn't eat vegetables or spaghetti sauce so he ate the mac n cheese pan. And everyone else ranted and raved about how good the spaghetti and meat sauce was and the salads and the egg plant Parmesan was absolutely wonderful. Thank you so much for making my day even more special.
1	I just had a delicious meal at Buca di Beppo, Unfortunately the service needs improvement.  The hostess was on point.  We decided to sit at the bar and order a couple of drinks while we waited for our table.  So my boyfriend orders a jack and coke and i order a sangria.  The bartender immediately counters with "and I need your IDs." His tone was not courteous it was more of a bartender tone i would expect in a really cheap bar where i do not expect manners.  I believe the correct terminology is "may i see your IDs."  After we were seated it was maybe 8 mins till our server came and acknowledge us.  We put in our order and she decided she didn't need to write anything down and 15 minutes later she came back and asked us again what we ordered so i think she forgot to put our orders in cause it took a while to receive our orders. Our waters were never refilled and we had to hunt down our server to get our check so we could get out of there.  Word to the wise order take out!
4	Great place to grab a pizza when you just took the late night flight into vegas. They have a Thursday - Saturday special. The food is plenty. Located on the food level at Excalibur.
4	Family style Italian restaurant that serves up your typical Italian fare. I think the food and sevice is better than other casual Italian restuarants I've been to. If you go with a party of two, I recommend just getting a salad and entree and that should be enough. If you go with more people then you could order more entrees or opt for the larger sized plates. The entrees are large because they are meant to be shared, hence a family style restaurant. If it's your first time here they will explain the menu and plate sizes to you. I have only been here a couple times, but look forward to coming back again.
1	Well I have now tried Buca twice.  The first time was a few weeks ago at the summerlin buca. It was about 830 pm and my soup was not hot, the chicken breast prosciutto tasted store bought and frozen (and had a bone in it!!) and the lasagna was mediocre. Our server was great but the food service was very slow. I discussed this experience with Buca and they asked me to try again. To give them another chance because that is NOT their normal service or food preparation. So I did last night. We went as a small group before playing mini golf. Tried some different dishes and this time went to the paradise location. Our server seemed new. Or busy. It was 9 pm when we sat down and it took a long time to even get drinks (someone else brought our wine and beer) and bread. Then our applies came. The ceasar salad was ok. The stuffed mushrooms were tasty however getting like 7 mushrooms for like 14 dollars is ridiculous! A waste of money for sure. We continued to pour our own wine. We finally got our mains. The linguine with all the seafood was good apparently (the Guys shared that and I don't eat seafood). The chicken sausage ziti us ladies got. It was terrible! There was absolutely no flavor. No salt. No nothing. I ended up getting some marinara to try and "give it some pizazz" and still. Blah. So once again left there very unsatisfied. And thinking again "what a waste of money" because even after using the 20 dollar certificate the bill was still 100 dollars plus tip. Seriously like throwing money away. :-( so very sad when so many people tell me how good it is. Do I just have the worst luck?
5	If you have a hungry crowd, then this your Italian joint.  Caution, its family style:  large portions is an understatement.
1	Terrible. The only reason to rate it higher is because of the portions. Yuk, yuk,yuk
1	So I got a coupon in the mail saying 15$ 0ff 30$ so I decided to try it ...I looked up the menu on the website that had no prices wich is so annoying ....I called and asked prices so I only had to spend so much for only myself ....when I show up the price is twice as much as the lady told me on the phone I told the manager he offered me only garlic bread or a dessert I saw bread in the bag so I chose desert he than didn't even ask me what kind I wanted and he told the waiter to bring me a tiramisu I don't even like chocolate !!!! I get the food home pull out the bread its not even garlic bread wich I had assumed ....what kind of Italian food does not serve garlic bread but just a piece of not toated bagatte ???? On top of paying twice as much on the food I wanted to .... The actual food it's self was cold and incredibly mediocre .... I could have done it better and cheaper by myself!!!! To bad I was lazy .... This place sucks I would never suggest it or go back
4	The atmosphere here is always lively and I love the serving staff. The food always fills me up. Perfect for friend gatherings or family outings. Not really a place for a romantic rendezvous or intimate evenings due to the fact it can get loud at times. Overall I enjoyed my experience.
2	The only time I would come here is if we're doing a working lunch and I don't have to pay for my food. Free doesn't always make the food or the experience better. I always have to come home early/ right after the meal because I'd get a stomach ache.The portions are huge and meant to be shared but they now have individual lunch portions. I came here with a group as always so we got the large portions of the stuffed mushrooms, calamari, shrimp fra diavolo, eggplant Parmesan, prosciutto stuffed chicken, spaghetti and meatballs and an everything pizza. For dessert we had a tiramisu and strawberry cake.I'm not going to individually rate each food and go into detail as nothing really stands out. Nothing special. The food is inconsistent. We came here a few months ago and pretty much got the same items on the menu - sometimes the food is dry, sometimes drowning in sauce. The tiramisu could sometimes taste like nothing but alcohol and we're drunk on our working lunch - not good.I prefer not to write reviews for chain restaurants but I feel strongly about this one because it's very inconsistent and I'm not a fan.
4	Always a good time here. The staff is friendly and very welcoming. Never more than a 2 min wait to get a table if there's even a wait.  Food is always on point and even better the portions are all family sized!  So be careful when ordering for 2, unless like me and my girl we tend to order for 4 anyway. Tip: leave room to try the tira mi su it's worth it!
1	Management and servers standing around. We saw our server Annie sneeze in the kitchen and then 5 seconds later walk out with a tray of food. We were here for lunch and it was pretty dead so it's not like she could even use the excuse of being busy. It was just I sneezed, now I serve. We ordered a salad, the chicken saltimboca, and spaghetti and meatballs to share between 4 people. The salad was pretty good. Salami on it was yummy, but it wasn't anything impressive. The chicken was meh at best - $23 plate (and that's for the small!) of 3 lonely chicken breasts sitting in a puddle of lemon butter sauce. No pasta, no wow factor except the price. The spaghetti and meatballs was bland and mostly noodles. AND it was $20. Ridiculous. We've come here many times for dinner at this location and one in San Diego and always loved it, but after today's lunch experience, don't think we'll be going back. We can make better Italian food at home for much less money.
3	Inexpensive pasta!
3	Decent prices and the food is okay. We got the fried mozzarella, garlic bread, and lasagna. Mossarella was good and so was the bread. The lasagna had a little too much cheese for my liking but that is only one dish, the other dishes might be good. I did have quite the stomach ache after eating here which I read in some of the other reviews. That could be from any number of things though. There are too many other places to eat to give it a second chance. If on a budget then I recommend this place, otherwise I would find a different italian place.
3	I had never been to Buca di Beppo until very recently. I've heard a lot about it in the past, and much of what I've heard has been bad things. However, despite all the warnings, I still wanted to give this place at least one try. If you aren't familiar with Buca di Beppo, the main concept is that it offers "family style meals". This means that when you select something from the menu, the portion is enough for two or more people, from appetizers to salads to pastas. The Food is great and I had enough for left overs! Amazing!
1	I really don't understand the appeal of this place. Sure, the portions are huge, but the food is generic and bland. The spaghetti and meatballs were the worst I've had. The sauce was liquidy and flavorless. And even though the portions are huge, the prices range from around $17-26 a plate. No thanks, not worth it.
1	Stay home and eat a frozen Swanson meal, it will be much better than any of the slop this joint serves.
3	Well where do I start, had family come into town so we decided to eat on the strip, they didn't want to go to a buffet so we decided to try this place out. First of its in the crummy Excalber hotel which if it was my choice I wouldn't even step foot in there, now I've had Italian food at Olive Garden before and I expected this place to be the same but for my disappointment the flavor of both the chicken Alfredo and the chicken Marsala or how every you spell it were dull and taste like it was made from prego or ragu brand sauce, the only reason I give this 3 stars is that there was no wait, fast service and great proportions of food for the price, but if your not a big group of people I would recommend going 2 miles down to bootleggers Italian bistro, that's quality Italian
5	Had a great meal and the service was really on point. Everything was excellent. Surprisingly, though we had an issue with the veal being overcooked. When we informed our server, Joe, he took care of it immediately and without hassle. Not only did Joe take it off the bill but he also replaced the dish. Then, Chef Eduardo came out and personally apologized to us. We were very pleased with how it was dealt with and even felt they had gone a little over the call of duty and then a complimentary dessert arrived at our table. It was incredible! I can't believe how much everyone cared that one dish out of our whole meal was less than fantastic. It is refreshing to see that customer service is alive and well at this Bucca Di Beppo. Thanks Joe, Bob, and Chef Eduardo for making our dining experience so enjoyable. See you next time!
1	Awful. We were there with a party of seven  and our server straight up refused to split our bill into two separate checks. It's not like we were asking him to split it seven different ways, just into two different bills.  Seriously, I've been a server. It isn't that difficult. Soooo we decided not to eat there and my husband and I left. If you don't want my business, I will go elsewhere. There are enough good restaurants in Las Vegas that care about their business that I don't need to eat at this kitschy tacky mess with poor service. Also, my friend ordered a soda and it took our server thirty minutes to get that and to get straws for the table.Aaa and the server kicked my chair every damn time he walked by.
5	Fun place to go with family! Get the lemon caper chicken!!!!!
2	Bread was cold, tap room temperature water (tasted unfiltered and gross),  tomato mozzarella and basal had no olive oil and vinagrette !  The Vegas location had smaller proportions than regular restraunts.  This Vegas restaraunt does not offer certain menu items such as penne arriabata .  Where is the consistency and quality control. Buca company owners I am disappointed in how your different locations can vary as far as menu options .  Maybe you should have a talk with Cheesecake Factory on consistency of menu options
1	This place is a complete waste of time and money. The service was poor, the food was sub par, and the ambiance was terrible. The seats in our booth were in desperate need of repair, the waiter completely forgot we had mentioned it was my birthday, and the bathroom was disgusting. The bread was served cold and wasn't very flavorful, and both entrees we ordered were incredibly bland. I've been to other locations and was really pleased, but I'd advise fellow yelpers to avoid this location.
1	We came here for mine and my niece's birthday on a Saturday in December. We had made a reservation for 20 people and had pre ordered everything. We were sat at three separate tables. Our service was terribly slow, and they double charged my husband on his card when they were supposed to have only charged a minimal amount because he paid in cash. They couldn't get their ish together at all. Pretty rough experience. I will never ever ever go here again, nor will I recommend anyone else go there either.
1	Came to this location with my boyfriend and was seated quickly, in the bar area with 0 other people around us. (Very awkward) It was very quiet except for the servers that kept talking across the room to the bartender about drinks and other guests. Once the bartender made eye contact with us we realized he was actually also our server. He was very nice and friendly but the level of service here is awful. Once he took our order he offered us house bread and said he would be right back. Our entrees came out first(and were cold). Then our appetizer. Followed by our "server" smelling like smoke. Maybe if he hadn't been on a smoke break we would have gotten our food correctly. Then after we were almost finished with our food he brought us a cold bread basket....  Thanks but no thanks. Waste of money. With all the places to eat at in vegas this is definitely last on the list.
2	My wife and I went there Saturday night. There were a couple large parties there. It took us about 45 minutes to get seated and we were told 25-30. Once we were finally seated it was another 10 before our server came to our table who then had the courage to ask if we sat ourselves since she was confused about our presence.  We were in a hurry to get somewhere and told her and she did well getting everything else to us quickly but had a very poor first impression. The food is very expensive for the quality and taste. Most entrees don't include pasta, you have to order that separate. The fettuccini Alfredo was bland and plain. It wasn't terrible but for $55 we could have gotten the same thing at the Olive Garden for $25 and it tastes much better at the OG. We'll not be coming back anytime soon.
1	I have been to buca di beppo multiple times, and this time was by far my worst! We walked in and the waitress Kimberly was not very accommodating she was rude throughout the whole dining experience. It was me and 3 other friends we were excited to come out to dinner we ordered 3 pasta dishes and drinks, the drinks didn't even come till after we had our dinner. One of the pasta dishes was very undercooked. Overall I don't think I would come back to this restaurant In Las Vegas or anywhere else for that matter. To give a final comment my experience was negative all around.
1	Bland, over-priced Italian food, served by cracked-out looking  & acting servers. This place was terribly disappointing. I was craving Italian food and thought  this place might be good, but boy was I wrong. I had trouble with my order, the server was rude, and when I spoke to the Manager who was this little Asian man with Napoleon Syndrome, he was more rude to me than his server, and he couldn't t have been less helpful. This place is a nightmare. The night we went, it was very loud from a bus load of Chinese tourists that were brought into eat. I think that these type of tours of unsuspecting tourists, is the only reason this place is still in business. If you do decide to go, make sure you are not in a hurry, don't look under the table, and bring your own garlic powder, garlic salt, and other spices, to add some flavor to your food. Unless you are morbidly obese with dead taste buds, go somewhere else.
1	Very disappointed. Food was good but super over priced. Made a reservation for my daughters birthday - rushed us even though they weren't busy - specifically told them it was my daughters birthday yet brought the check when I wasn't at the table and gave the bill to my daughter. When I brought this to attention of hostess - told oh ya! you were here for a birthday then turned away, blew me off and started to seat a group that just walked in.
2	My soon to be hubby had his work holiday  dinner here. There were about 15 of us and they seated us without everyone being present which I thought was nice since some places are strict about that. The decor is odd and slightly off putting, it's overdone and strange at times. We were seated in the Pope room, which you can guess is decorated with Pope memorabilia. There was a giant Pope head enclosed in glass in the middle of our table on a lazy Susan. Strange/odd/bizzare are the best words to describe it. Food, let me just preface this by saying I wanted to like it. I wanted to like it because it's hard to find good Italian at a decent price in this city. Heck it's even hard to find decent Italian at a higher price in this city. The food was bland, and it made me sad. I honestly don't remember what we ordered because it was one of those meals you easily forget. One star for service One star for price
1	Do NOT eat here if you are looking for gluten free. I told our server my allergy (well celiacs) and he told me he would make sure they knew in the kitchen. A little later he came out and told us that he forgot that they were out of the mashed potatoes but they did have rosemary potatoes. I told him those weren't on the gluten free menu as an option, but he checked with the kitchen and they said they could do them gluten free so we agreed. Well, the meal came out and we were enjoying it until I took a "crunchy" bite of something. If you're gluten free you would appreciate the terror I had with that bite...I immediately spit it out and looked closer at the potatoes and saw a number of "crunchy bits". My husband investigated and realized it was breading from something. I was horrified! We spoke with the manager and he was very rude. First he told me there was not breading on the potatoes and I showed it to him and he said it was from the calamari that is also cooked in the fryer (cross-contamination in a common fryer is a huge no-no for gluten free). He further explained that nothing says their food is  gluten free (despite the gluten free menu and waiter).  After I explained that I would get very ill by what they did, he asked if he needed to call me an ambulance or if I had my epi pen with me. Seriously, dude, how are you the mgr of a major restaurant chain and be so clueless about celiacs and gluten intolerances?!? Please, please, please do NOT eat here if you need the gluten free menu.
4	I had a good experience coming to this Buca di Beppo. The food is pretty good and typical of an Italian chain. You absolutely have to love the giant portions (high price but you get what you pay for). I ordered the Spicy Chicken Rigatoni by recommendation of the server and it was delicious. Not something I would usually order so it was a great surprise.
4	A large group, on a night of large groups, so waiting for our table was no issue.  It was 30 min later than we were promised,  but the management kept us in the loop. We had pre ordered from their menu for large parties, so no surprises for wait staff.  Food was plentiful and hot, though a lil slow in coming out...45 min between salad and pasta.  They forgot lil things like bread and salt and pepper but we were a large noisy group.  Food was OK. Service OK. But the fact we all sat together and no issues with ordering and all food came out together for whole group (40 people) priceless.
5	On Tuesday night we went to bucca di beppo for my brothers birthday. This was one of the best times we've had. The food was great and the service was even better. If your looking for good food and large portions , this is the place for you.
4	Came here with my family this past week.  Besides the annoying people at Excalibur trying to constantly sell something the overall experience was great.  The food was super yummy and priced very affordably. If you go to the Buca Di Beppo website they will send you an offer for a free small spaghetti, alfredo or baked ziti.  We opted for the baked ziti which was delicious. My husband ordered a pepperoni pizza which he enjoyed.  We had more than enough food for us and our two children. It is not fine dining but for a family in Vegas or a large group it is a great place to go.
3	Salad had too much dressing but broccoli was perfectly cooked. Not too crunchy & not too soft. The server was nice but forgot my spaghetti. Hope I didn't get charged. She did give great tips on what's great on the menu & they were better than average.
3	Pretty bummed that you have to order delivery 24 hours in advanced :(. Only reason why I'm ranking this place a 3 star but I do enjoy the food!!!
2	Not very vegetarian friendly. They only had one vegetarian option (squash ravioli), and the best way I could describe it is MEH. They may or may not have vegan friendly salad, but I'm not sure. Conclusion: NOT a place for vegans or vegetarians.
2	Okay the food was slightly better than I remember it. Haven't been here in 10 years... Won't be back for another 10... Service was rushed and weird for lack of a better term... Salty food, over priced beverage, and the people I ate with we're slobs! :)
3	The decor was a bit much, a very busy atmosphere to say the least. The food was decent, the pasta was good however the salad was on the salty side. As for the service; the waitress was forgetful and preoccupied even though the restaurant was not busy at all. We had to remind her to get us eating utensils. The drink menu was extremely overpriced as you get to keep the gimmicky glass that your drink is served in, and they don't give you an option to not get said glass.
5	Hubby and I went here. It was a lot of food for the two of us, but it was so good!! We walked it off on the strip! lol~
3	The apple gorgonzola salad is delicious. The chicken in the spicy chicken rigatoni was very bland and tasted rubbery.  The strawberry fusion was very refreshing and added a nice surprise to the meal. The bread was cols and the waitress poured the oil and vinegar awkward.  The service sucked and it took forever to get the waitress attention. She didnt look like she wanted to be there and was less than satisfactory.
4	Had a great dinner here with friends on a quick trip to Vegas. We had a 3 year old with us and she really liked the crayons. We had drinks, spaghetti and salads. It was crowded but they got us right in and we were in a bit of a hurry as some folks needed to catch a flight. They were great about getting our food out fast and same with the check. Solid.
5	I have been to many Buca do Beppos this one was exactly what I have come to expect. Amazing food , great customer service and unique and interesting decor.
5	Didn't actually eat there, but found ourselves in the lobby after a laborious time trying to escape the seedy area via cab.  Manager gave us complimentary water bottles and directed us to the casino across the street for a cab.  Such incredible service, life saver!
5	Greatest calamary ever!  Eric, our server was awesome! ! Food was delicious and in huge portions.  Split a meal and still had left overs.
2	Extremely disappointed in this experience.  This is my 2nd experience at this location, first time was last year at my cousin's graduation - food tasted fresh, hot and the service was impeccable.  This trip?? Horrible.  Our cousins were visiting from New York and a few of us from San Diego drove over to meet them; there was a total of 14 in our party.  The waiter (Kevin I think) seemed friendly when a few of us first arrived but then quickly got overwhelmed.We ordered the di Beppo salad, Cesar salad, green beans, baked ziti, eggplant parmesan, veal marsala, chicken marsala and calamari.  The salads were great, good flavor, cold and crisp.  Calamari was excellent, comes in a huge martini glass (tentacles and everything)!! The breading is light, not greasy and you can actually taste the calamari which is extremely tender.  The baked ziti was extremely dry, very little sauce.  Both marsala dishes came covered in a thick sauce which seemed more like a glaze rather than an actual marsala sauce; the meats were tender though.  All of the food (minus the salads) came out luke warm.The green beans were the biggest disappointment; one of my aunts is a vegetarian, and this is one of her favorites.  We placed two orders to start, but both lacked flavor and seemed like the beans were previously frozen.  She sent one of the plates back and was brought a "fresh, hot batch."  However this one was worse than the first two - no flavor, chewy and tasted like they had been quickly defrosted. This is usually such a fun restaurant to come too and have family style meals; I've been to multiple locations but this one is the worst one by far.  I know restaurants have off nights but this was extremely disappointing.
1	We came to this restaurant as a couple and wanted to have a lovely dinner. As soon as we arrived they sat us inside near the bar area. It took 10 minutes to get the food menu and the drink menu. Within five minutes they took our drink order. Mind you it took another ten minutes to get our simple margarita and iced tea. The server wasn't only serving us but also serving 3 people at the bar. We were ready to order and kept eyeing the several servers passing through but none offered to help or to see if we were ready. After another ten minutes of waiting they finally took our food order and brought us bread. No silver ware no napkins, nor any offers of oil or vinegar. After 10 minutes the server was going to the back and we had to call her over just to help out to get our silver ware.Mind you the food was wonderful, but the service was awful. Only come here if you have all the patience in the world. As for us we arrived about 30 minutes late to our show.
5	Another amazing visit here! It has officially become our go to celebratory place.  Food is so incredibly delicious!
1	The food was amazing, but the service ruined everything. I went with a group of 4 people. When we arrived we were told that there would be a 30-40 minute wait (my fault for not getting a reservation). They ended up getting us to a table in closer to 20 minutes. When we got our table we noticed that about half the restaurant was empty. There were only 3 tables occupied in our section so we thought things would go smoothly. We waited for another 30+ minutes before anyone came to take our drink orders. Don't worry, the drinks took forever to arrive after that too. When the drinks finally came we had to wait again. It was almost as if they didn't want to take our food order. Finally a manger came to take our order. This was the one glimmer of hope that the restaurant had all night. She brought us some free bread for our wait and took our food order. While waiting for our food to arrive she took pretty good care of us. Brought some more bread, filled our drinks, etc. However, once she brought our food we never saw her again. Nobody came by to refill drinks or do anything while we ate. I eventually went to the kitchen to get our drinks refilled. I had to track down an employee to order dessert and request our check. 20 minutes later we had no dessert and no check. We asked 4 different employees to get us our dessert and check. One of them eventually brought the check but it was still another wait to get the dessert. In total we spent almost 3 hours at Buca di Beppo. Most of the time was just waiting.
2	I booked my wedding reception through Buca way back in July.  Shelby used to be my contact but I don't think that she is with Buca anymore and Trisha had taken over.I was told that I would have the cardinal room which would hold a max of 46 guests.  I had 41.  I thought plenty of room. NO WAY! I had 4 people leave because there wasn't enough seating for them, mind you I paid for people that didn't eat or drink, but it's not about the money.  We were SO crammed into the room that people couldn't wait to leave.  It was hot, the service was really slow. People left hungry. it was a disaster.Please think before you book your reception with them. I called to tell them about it and got a crazy attitude. I wish I would have known better.
3	Food was average, large portions aka "family style" service was lacking and bread was cold.
2	First time at this restaurant, I've heard great thing about it so we decided to finally try it. I don't thin I'm coming back, the service was good, but the food wasn't that great, I was expecting something way better for their prices. We orderer fried calamari, they were really good, you could actually taste the fresh calamari; we also ordered baked ziti, which was very dry and served lukewarm, and unseasoned. The Bianca pizza, wasn't good, wasn't uneatable; the cappuccinos were mediocre. Overall it was mediocre food, nothing special about this place.
1	The only reason I would rate this a one is because there's not a zero our waiter was horrible service was lousy we were given the wrong bill the deal was tougher than shoe leather not that I've ever eaten shoe leather but I think I just tried it I would not recommend this to anyone visiting or living in Las Vegas
4	We were excited to be in town; my wife's brother was getting married. The rehearsal dinner was held at Buca di Beppo. I was prepared to enjoy a delicious, Italian dinner. I tried to pace myself, knowing that there were probably going to be many courses.Throughout the night, two servers were on the ball and granted all of our requests. They were friendly and helpful (especially considering there were many kids in our group, including mine).I was a fan of the very first course, a delicious caprese salad. It's so simple, yet so elegant. I love that it represents the colors of the Italian flag. Yes, I'm corny like that.The second and third courses were salads that I wasn't particularly interested in. They were good, but not really my thing. The fourth course was fried calamari, and it was delicious. The marinara that accompanied it was stellar, and I of course squeezed fresh lemon over the top. I was already thinking about trying to save room for the entire meal. I knew that they were going to go all-out (after all, you only get married once [in theory]).The next course was a spicy chicken pasta. The pasta sauce was good, as well as the chicken (although some people thought it was too spicy). I liked it.Course number six was a shrimp pasta. It was quite good. There was a lot of savory shrimp inside, and the sauce was tasty.Everyone began rubbing their tummies, feeling full, and anticipating dessert. That's when the groom-to-be stood up and announced, "I hope you all saved room for the main course." A lot of us laughed, but he wasn't kidding! Oh man, I ate too much already. But bring it on, they're only getting married once, right?Out comes huge family style plates of chicken parmesan (I've lost track of the course numbers by now). I dove right in to discover it was well-breaded, seasoned, and delicious. I was really feeling full at this point when the chicken with capers arrived. It was moist, tender, and had a flavorful sauce.Next, some succulent, well buttered broccoli arrived. I made myself eat some (we need our veggies).Everyone was doing their best to continue eating when enormous trays of meatballs in marinara sauce made their appearance. Needless to say, no one left hungry.At last, we had made it to dessert (most of us barely being able to move). Huge trays of cheesecake surfaced, as did tiramisu. It's safe to say we all gained a few pounds that night. Overall, it was a large, enjoyable meal. Congrats to the bride and groom!
5	1 meal serves 2!! Very generous portion! Prices are reasonable. ..you pay for what you get...Delicious!!Service was fast. Waiter was really friendly and accommodating.  Unique / relaxing ambiance
4	Came here with my family for my mothers birthday and it was very delicious. I love how their portions are made for sharing family style. Prices are reasonable and service was great. One thing I did not enjoy was their red Sangria, overly sweet and I was really bummed about that. But either than that great place.
4	As always everything was great, we had the Apple Gorgonzola salad, and spicy chicken pasta and chocolate chip cannoli, we had only been to the one at Universal Studios Hollywood but this bucas is just as good, only complaint was the wait time for food was a little long
4	My husband and I love this place. We usually share a meal because they are so large. Food was good as always and our waitress was really at tentative.
1	The service was horrible. We had a reservation for a large party (16) for lunch. Besides 4 other people, we were the only ones in the entire restaurant for lunch. It took 50 minutes to get our meals!!!  On top of that, while we were waiting, we had to ask for refills on drinks. Inexcusable. Will never go back.
