5	We've owned the Vita Spa Monarque for over 6 months now and love it.  It was such a great buying experience at Sunset Spas compared to some of the other spa dealers we looked at who had very "sales" oriented sales people.  The guys at Sunset Spas are able to have a different approach since their spas really sell themselves, so the sales people are there to help you make a decision that works best for you. That's what happens when you sell a quality product.One of the big selling points is that the spas are made locally, so if there is ever a problem, the repair staff is employed by the manufacturer rather than some random third party.  It was also nice to see the relationship between Sunset Spas and the other locally owned partners they refer to for landscaping (The Yard Company) and electrical (Arizona Spa Electric).  These referred companies have a long history with Sunset Spas and it shows.  They had a strong knowledge and understanding of the specific spa we purchased and even helped determine spa placement in our yard.Overall, a great buying experience and an outstanding product.
5	Sunset Spas really bailed me out.  Learned a lesson - Don't ever buy a Hot Tub from the Guy at the Swap-Meet.  A year after we bought it he was nowhere to be found.Called Rich at Sunset Spas and he looked up our unit by the Serial Number and completed a full repair under warranty at no cost to us.The Technician (Pete) did a great job and was very professional.Highly recommend these guys - they don't get any better.
5	We are thoroughly pleased with our spa and the excellent service we received from Sunset Spas.  We initially we looking for a 2 person spa for just my wife and I.  We had a limited budget and wanted a spa that had lots of features despite it's small size.When we arrived at the spa showroom in Chandler, the owner Dave walked us around to show us the spas they had that fit our budget.  He also mentioned that they had certified pre-owned spas in stock that have a warranty and that we could get a lot more for the money by going with a pre-owned spa.We found a 6 person hot tub that had every single feature we wanted, with a warranty, steps and a cover, for the same money we were looking spend on a new spa.  The spa was delivered last Thursday and we have been in it every night since.The after care we received from Sunset Spas was excellent.  They made sure we understood the care and maintenance procedures for our spa and even set up us with starter chemicals as part of the deal. I'd highly recommend Sunset Spas.
5	Hello I bought a new spa a  week ago. From sunset spa and Larry the general manager was awesome I had look at 4 other spa dealers in the area but no one can beat sunset spa I had been saving for years for awhile for this and when I talked to Larry he gave a me a different price but asked could I buy it for a lower price he agreed I was really happy so if you are looking for a spa you really need to talk to Larry he is really nice and not pushy and he gives you the time u need for all the questions and trust me the other spa places will not give u the time it's like that don't care I was very frustrated that day until sunset spa.Now for the guys who bought my spa to me on Wednesday they were awesome to the guys gave me all the information I needed to use my spa they where great guys and again very nice. Now for service I thought my spa was not work so I called up sunset and told them I thought my spa was not heating right not even a hour later a guy name David came out he took off energy mode witch is where I had it set on put it on Stan mode and he was even nice enough to take time with explaining to me how to care for my spa and he even gave me his cell number and said and said to call him any time with questions he is hands down the best tech I have spoke to .So if any of u reading this post know that ur getting the best spa and service that the state of AZ as to offer and the best price in town trust me I went to 4 others that day I thought getting a hot tub was going to be hard but trust me sunset made it easy and I got what I wanted and I never been so happy with the whole process.Signed A very very happy customer No for
1	DON'T USE THEM FOR SERVICE...I have received HORRIBLE customer service from Sunset Spas. I had them out to service my spa on 10/6, a Wednesday. The cleaning of the spa, filter, etc. was mediocre at best. For $165, my expectation was that they should do a far superior job than I should be able to do myself, with special care taken to condition the spa and balance chemicals. In addition to that, I was purchasing a replacement cover for $399. I had given them the model number (taken directly off of the spa) and settled on another color to have it replaced when the service was done. They delivered a cover all right...8 inches smaller than my spa!!!NOW FOR THE NIGHTMARE...here I sit, FIVE days later, no phone call, no follow up, and a TOO SMALL COVER. When I did call this morning, the man on the phone was RUDE. He explained several times that "It is MONDAY", like that is some sort of excuse for not calling LAST week. I am happy to look to order a new cover on line, be sure to tell friends and acquaintances the horrible experience to spread the word, and to go any where but here.
