5	So excited this is in my neighborhood. Popped in last night for their Wed Night Girls Night Out. Blakeley did an AWESOME job on my Glambrow! My eyebrows have never looked so good :)) Definitly want to go back for a pedi ASAP. Such a cute spot and this area needs a spot to get mani/pedi/waxing. Should check it out ; had a ton of awesome nail colors - all the new OPI colors including GARGANTUAN GREEN GRAPE - LOVE IT!!!! My fav color at the moment and they had it!!!! Go check em out. I love that parking is free too
1	OMG just left this place for a brazillian wax from a girl named Olivia. 1st there was no where to park at all and I had to park across the street in the Jersey Mike parking lot. When I got in the receptionist was very nice nice and professional and said it would be about 15 min. I sat and I waited and she came out told her name and walked me to the room for the wax. I have had a wax about 2 times before with Nola Spa which was amazing but I thought since they had a good deal on amazon local I would give someone else a try. The wax room was similar to a gyno office room. All white, some what small and extremely bright. Almost like there would be a spot light on you if you laid there. I found that to be discomforting, but I asssumed since I was a new client there would be some type of conversation or repor built between the waxer (Olivia) and myself. She stated "please disrobe and lay down, I said is there a towel and she said no. Now being that I am used to going to Nola, where it a spa like atmosphere, zen music playing, and the waxer made me feel very comfortable. This was not the same at Nue. Over all I normally do not write reviews but for such a intimate appointment for a service, i would not want any one else to experience this. I have a hight tolererance and do not embaress easy so for me to say this is saying a lot. If its your first time or if you want to feel comfortable you may want to reconsider this spot for a brazillian or bikini wax. I would def recommend Nola Spa, google it.
5	The Service At Nue Is Great! It's Hard To Find A Good,Quality Waxing Salon With A Great Atmosphere!! I Love The White Decor...Very Sheek!!! A Must See!! Don't Let the Previous Comment Streer You Away! My Waxer Olivia Is By Far The BEST..... See For Yourself!!!
4	I really like this place. I was looking for an affordable place to get a mani/pedi and found this little gem on Living Social. It's very chic and clean inside and I first hand watched the sanitation of the stations, and they are very thorough. I never got the name of the girl that did my nails but she was very sweet and took her time (I was there for almost 2 hours!) They've only been open for about 3 months, but said in the near future they will be offering wine with their services :) yay! They're nail polish brands were top notch and I loved the vanilla skin exfoliate they used during both the mani and pedi (chocolate and strawberry were also available). I will definitely be back and was told I can get the same deal from the Living Social the next time I come! P.S. I had my coupon on my phone, and it died while I was there, one of the ladies had her charger and let me use it while I got my manicure. So nice!
1	Have to say, I've been to better. I was there later in the evening. The place was very clean, I will give them credit for that. However, they were very unorganized. They didn't know what their prices were for anything. They did have a printed price list but "all of the prices had just changed". They were all debating what to charge for what. This did not make for a relaxing manicure in any way! Also, I needed my old gel/shellac removed prior to getting new. I soaked as usual, but she used an wooden orange stick instead of a metal one (not sure what it's called) and DUG at my nails trying to get the gel off. A couple of times I said "ouch" to let her know how rough it was. I did finally just get the shellac off, new on, basically a polish change, with a bit of filing done because of the price discrepancies... it was going to be $45 if I wanted a "manicure" and $20 just to change the color, which was reasonable. However, that was Saturday, today is Monday, and the color is already chipping and so are my nails!!!  And I was there for almost 1 1/2 hours!!  A waste of my time and damage to my nails because I need to go get them redone somewhere else today. I gave them 2 stars instead of one originally because the girl who did them was pleasant, and the place was clean, but then I don't want to mislead people. Don't go....
5	I almost didn't go to Nue because of the first Yelp review, but I am so glad I did.  I had a great wax treatment from the owner of the salon.  She was quick but thorough, and did an excellent job.  Also, to respond to the initial reviewer -- there is an parking garage under the building with plenty of space to park.  And the treatment room may be bright but it is spotlessly clean, which in my opinion is essential to hygiene and the esthetician's ability to ensure they get the job done :-).  I made another waxing appointment and plan to return.
3	My usual super fun, super nice waxer moved away from Charlotte, so I decided to try out Nue after seeing a coupon online.  Like the other businesses in the 1315 building, parking can be a little tricky, but at 4:00 p.m. on a Wednesday, there were a ton of spaces in the parking deck attached.Upon entering, I have to agree with the other reviewers that it was very modern and sleek and white and clean.  I wasn't sure I was cool enough to be there!  The very nice male receptionist greeted me as I walked in the door.  The owner/waxer, Olivia, came out and introduced herself not long after, and then took me back to the waxing room, which was very bright and white and sterile.  Half of me appreciated that and half of me felt like I was in a lab, not a spa.  Olivia was very nice and tried to make conversation, but I just felt like it was... forced?She explained that the wax she uses is cold wax (whereas I've done hot wax for 15 years).  Allegedly the cold wax is supposed to adhere to the hair and not the skin making it less painful, but this was the loooongest waxing experience of my life.  Yowza.  I had my usual redness for a day or two after, but now less than two weeks later, the hair is already growing back and the skin is almost more irritated.  Apparently cold wax (or waxers) is not for me.
5	Love this place! Either way a walk in or an appointment they have been very accommodating. Nice and clean inside. Very modern and girly fun! I have just gotten my eyebrows done only (so far) ;) and the wax room is exactly what you want it to be like. One review said it looked like a lab, I will admit it is white in there and very bright but when it comes to waxing and body parts I want bright lights so they can see every stray, every hair, etc. Owner and staff have done a great job and are very welcoming. Used to have to drive to southpark area to get my waxing but no more, I found a place and I'm sticking to it! She does an ahhh-mazing job at brows
5	I must say, once you find a good thing, it's hard to give it up. I have waxed a few times , but never a Brazilian. I loved it! Olivia was very nice and knowledgeable. It wasn't as painful as I imagined (I had not waxed or shaved in months). The pfb serum was a life saver. I can see results already. I haven't had any breakouts or skin irritation. The salon was very clean and modern. The price was also reasonable. No $$$ and up. Just a flat rate of $46.  I will be referring my friends
5	Nue is wonderful.  Went there for eyebrow waxing and I will definitely be going back. Professional and super nice staff!  There is a parking deck right of East Blvd so it's a piece of cake to find a spot.  I was very impressed with my visit.
5	I would not trust anyone with my nails except Joyce T. She is very professional and  experienced with manicures and pedicures. She has had extensive training in New York and Charlotte. It shows in her work every time I go! Joyce is the best manicurist in all of Charlotte, hands down. Make sure you make an appointment with her in advance because she gets booked!
2	When it comes to business, everything should be professional. I scheduled an appointment  FOUR weeks in advance. I received a confirmation text and email. Three days before my appointment I received a reminder email yet it stated that my appointment was on a completely different day at a completely different time. I called them saying that I received an email with wrong appointment information. Her response "well that original time is taken i dont know what happened" That is horrible customer service and NO customer's appointment should be moved without their permission or without informing them. I will NEVER go back. Customer service is key!
5	This place is 10x better than polished, or your normal nail salon. They have great personality and unlike polished they talk to you while doing your nails, and keep you entertained. Joyce was my nail person and she did AWESOME. (You should request her!) I needed my feet to be softer and they did that exactly that. I will never go anywhere but here ever again.
5	I love Nue! The salon is clean and welcoming. I see blakeley for my eyebrows and really think she has done a great job. They look better than ever! She concentrates and let's you try products before you buy (brow pencils, shapers) and isn't pushy to get you into the salon often. She truly does what's best for you!
4	Very happy I found a certified And experienced threader. Very difficult to find in Charlotte. Egypt is very professional and attentive to detail. Super happy. Place is very clean and serious about appointments which I appreciate.
5	This is the most amazing nail/wax place ever! I called at 5:30 and asked if they could fit me in for a gel nail appt and wax and they said yes! I walked in and Joyce did my nails. She is AMAZING! I have never gotten gel nails to last over 5-7 days and I'm on day 12 and they don't have a single chip! She makes it worth every penny. She recommended a body scrub and lotion that have saved my skin. I got hungry so I postponed my wax for a day later. Olivia the owner...there are no words to appropriately describe how great she is. She does an amazing job, doesn't make you feel awkward and gets it done lightning fast! She also did my eyebrows and I would probably drive cross country to get her to do them. She even threw in my lip at no charge. Needless to say I'm so glad I found NUE and if you are looking for a place to go or wen if you have a current location I promise you they make it worth your time and money!
5	The mrs loved the staff and the lady who did her Brazilian. Very nice and clean office. She said she will definitely be a repeat customer
5	Absolutely loved my Brazilian!!!! Lasted longer than previous waxes. My esthetician was quick and painless!! Very clean and neat. Everyone was polite and friendly. I will defintely be a regular here! Oh and great prices too
4	Overall: Go here.Due to timing I couldn't go to my usual waxer at home, so it was great to find someone comparably priced during my trip!Not sure of her name but the receptionist is not very personable... But she got the job done.  Took my call once they opened and scheduled me to come in later that day. On the other hand, Hannah (sp?) the waxer is friendly, professional and fast. I thoroughly enjoyed (well, as much as you can enjoy) the experience. The salon itself has a chic, modern feel and what I saw (the reception and nail area, the wax room and the bathroom) were all very clean and functional. Prices were great and they are clear about what costs what. I would recommend this establishment.
5	I was extremely nervous since I had been waxing my own eyebrows for the past 6 years and am pretty picky. My tech was very nice and did a great job! I'll definitely be going back.
5	Joyce does the best gel nails ever! Also, if you want an extremely thorough pedicure; Joyce is all you need.
