1	This review is not a review of the store but of AT&T wireless service in general.  AT&T is the worst wireless service I've ever had.  I have more dropped calls and less bars in more places than any other carrier I've had, and I've had Verizon, T-Mobile (the best) and now AT&T.I would have never switched service if I didn't have to in order to get my iPhone.  And for the record ... the iPhone is the best object I've EVER owned.  I recommend you avoid AT&T wireless at all costs (unless you want the best phone in the world, only then is it worth it).
1	I am giving up on AT&T/Singular.  As long as I stayed with the cheapest cell phone I think known to man, they worked fine for me?  Three phones and a few years later I am giving up.  l am a caregiver for a lady who is older.  I can't tell you how many times she and other people have told me they can't get through to me when I haven't left the city limits.  If I am going to have a stupid cell phone-I could live with out it, I'd like to get at least 60% of my calls.  Verizion is always rated the highest in virtually every study I read.  It is also the most expensive which I can deal with if I can get my calls.  I can keep my same number and get better service-I Hope, I hope, I hope.
1	Another review of AT&T wireless....not the store.  This may be a record; they lasted less than 2 hrs for me!  After 12 years w/Verizon I decided to leave so I could get an iPhone.  GIANT mistake.  I called to activate my phone, and was told the activation dept. is CLOSED.  I called customer service, and got it connected.  But then I called Mom and she asked why I was calling from her cell phone number?  They got the numbers attached to the WRONG PHONES.  So I called customer service back, and THEY WERE CLOSED.  It was 7pm here.  I dont care what time it was on the east coast...if their customer service dept (and tech support) cant be open when i need them, then i dont need them.  I'm going back to Verizon and im never leaving again!
1	AWFUL AWFUL cellular service in AZ. I mjust switched from T mobile to At &T and BOT was that a stupid move. They are most unhelpful - I have dealt with them in the store, Customer service via phone and chat online and no one will help.... lousy phones lousy service. I have no texts for hours. I mget messages after a 2 hour to 24 hour delay. Ridicu;ous. If it is was not for IPHONE thises people would not be in buisness
