1	Dr. Susan Boyd almost cost me my life... She performed, well attempted to perform a normally simple laproscopy procedure going through my belly button to remove a cyst from my left ovary. This procedure she performed in a surgical clinic by her office near UMC. I was sent home about one hour after the procedure once my anesthesia wore off. I was home for two hours resting and I started feeling faint and my lips and face were turning blue. I felt like death, I knew something was wrong because my body was shutting down and I was slowly losing consciousness. My husband at the time called an ambulance and they rushed me to Spring Valley hospital where I passed out upon arrival. I don't remember anything other than waking up connected to lots of tubes, IV, and various life support machines. Come to find out I was bleeding internally and my organs shut down. Emergency surgery was done, following two blood transfusions. Rather than her performing the simple laporoscopy going in through my belly button and lasering away the cyst, she missed that completely and punctured my small intestines causing me to bleed internally. She did not remove the cyst, that I still have on my left ovary, in which she even goofed on the paperwork stating she removed a cyst from my right ovary which there is none. That is the irony of this, I went through hell in vain as the cyst is still there and was never removed. I ended up in surgical ICU for three weeks at Spring Valley hospital where I underwent a bowel resection to remove six inches of my small intestines she punctured through and damaged. I went through hell to say the least. I am LUCKY to be alive. This woman almost took my life. Thank you Spring Valley hospital and the two Doctor's called in as an emergency from other hospital's to save me. I was in such grave condition they did not have a Doctor on staff who knew what to do, or who could handle my emergency situation, so they called out for help from two hospitals in the east side of vegas. Her office placed a follow up call to my hubby and was aware I had been admitted to the hospital two hours after my procedure, not once did her staff nor her contact me or the hospital to inquire about my condition. They were rather nasty when my hubby went to pick up all of my medical records. They made him come back so that they could review them and make changes to them. That is not what they said but what they did. Dr. Susan Boyd attempted to cover up her mistake and by doing so she screwed up the documents all together. I was treated for a cyst on my left ovary, all of a sudden she states removed from right ovary which there was none? Yes Malpractice you say? It was however I signed my life away to allow a "simple" laproscopy procedure to be performed not knowing I was going to have my vital organs butchered. It took two years to recover from this ordeal. I have a real doozy of a scar from my breast bone clear down to my private area where I was split open for correction surgery, not once but twice. Basically ALL of my plumbing was redone. I was so close to having to use a colostomy bag the rest of my life. Luckily I had two great Doctor's perform my bowel resection as a team together side by side. It is a tragedy that Dr. Susan Boyd got away with this...she knew when she left me at the clinic that she had really botched this procedure. I wonder if she knew she perforated my intestines or as the result of it that I was bleeding internally? This I will never know... If I could rewind time I would, I can live with a cyst in which I am since she did not remove it. Karma is a you know what! She will get what is coming to her I am sure. She basically almost got away with murder and skipped out on a two hundred thousand dollar hospital bill. Three weeks in surgical ICU to keep me alive was not cheap! I am alive, physically and mentally scarred for life... I made it :) I am still here to share with the world, my love, laughter and smiles... This is just another example and reminder of some of the hell and life threatening close calls I have been through with "Doctor's" based in las vegas. I have only lived in Las Vegas 6 years and have had the worst outcome in dealing with Doctor's here. Yes a bad Doctor can be anywhere, yet I lived in San Diego and Los Angeles for years and had nothing but the best outcome and care from Doctor's and providers. Take warning if you have to have any medical procedure's done in Las Vegas.I was 32 when this happened a few years back, I am alive because I was a fighter and was not ready to call it quits on life at such a young age. Especially not for the incompetence or at the hands of a Doctor who we are to trust with our lives!
5	I have had Dr. Boyd for 9 years, I personally think she is one of the few doctors who listen. She is an OB so emergencies arise (I know I was one of them 2 times!!)  Dr. Boyd listens to me and really did her best to make 2 horrible pregnancies and c-sections the best she could. For having 2 emergency c-sections my scar is not bad at all, both babies are perfect (you can see them on the photo) The office staff seems a little discombobulated and the wait time is long, but, she is well worth it. Dr. Boyd makes sure I am healthy and she is very straight forward with me. She is one of two doctors who actually got me on the right meds for a more serious underlying problem (even though this was not her area) She is very nice, very sweet and helpful. I will continue to go to her......period. She listens. She sliced me a diced me 2 times and I am find my babies are perfectly healthy....I cannot ask for more!
5	Dr Boyd is a caring doctor, who takes  time with each patient.  Great office staff also!
3	I've been going to Dr Boyd for the past five years.  I had been referred to her after going to another OB-GYN that had wanted me to have major surgery to have carcinogen cells removed from my uterus.  Dr Boyd saw me and assessed that this could be done in office in a less invasive procedure.  I have been happy with her service ever since.  Yes, expect long wait times, but I have come to find that this is normal for most any provider.
5	I have been going to Dr. Boyd for at least fifteen years and I don't know what I would have done without her and Sherri.  When I needed surgery she took care of me and went the extra mile to help me handle prior problems that had made life a little difficult for me.  She always spent the extra time to speak with me regarding any concerns I may have had.  I am truly grateful for her and for her right arm. Sherri
5	I have been seeing Dr Boyd for years. Recently had a medical issue and Dr Boyd and Sherry were so helpful. They walked me through all the steps and were able to alleviate my concerns. She sat for quite a while with my husband and I to explain to us what to expect.
1	The front desk is rude. My appointment time was not honored and they expected me to wait over an hour. I can't say enough bad things about this doctors office. And it looks like you'll catch something in the waiting room.
5	I've been seeing Dr. Susan Boyd for 6 years. She has delivered my two babies, my niece and my granddaughter. Every woman in my family only sees her. She has the best bedside manner in Las Vegas. She treats you like a person and friend. She's amazing. I will never see anyone else.
5	She is the best! There is a wait, but she is well worth it. Dr.Boyd always gives her patients the attention and care that they need(that's why there is a wait). If you want a quick in and out where the doctor doesn't even know your name, she's not the place to go. If you want a warm doctor who you feel comfortable addressing all your concerns with, this is the place. She becomes a partner in your health care, and truly takes her patients needs into consideration.
