3	Looking for "free" things to do in LasVegas, I ran across the Wildlife Habitat listed in the Vegas 2 Go magazine.I thought perhaps the Flamingo hotel had done something different to "upgrade" their area next to their pool.The hotel has always exhibited pink flamingos and penquins and a variety of ducks along some pools next to their swimming pool.Perhaps they thought they should market this area similar to the Mirage - with the secret garden of Siegfried and Roy.It has always been fun to sit in the nearby lounges and restaurants and view the birds.Still is......I am not sure the area needs its own billing ....but then again, in Vegas like Hollywood - everyone and everything needs to have top billing ! ! I think their pool is supurb - the lush vegitation surrounding the pool area - enclosed by the hotel is out of sight. Come in and view the habitat area - you will also see some wild life stretched out on their beach towels in the nearby grass.( if you get tired of looking at ducks, flamingos and penquins)
4	Who knew there was a Wildlife Habitat in the middle of the Strip? I didn't!Beer, Washington Apples, shots, beers, and then we ended up at the Zoo????????? hahahaha.... I was falling all over the place and laughing my ass off. I was like WHOA! Where are we? Bitches! You guys took me out of Vegas!!!!Are we in SD? San Diego Zoo?hahahahahaha... There were Flamingos, swan, tiny headed birdies, cute but weird ducks, and huge coi fish. Eventually I realized we were at the Flamingo hotel since I kept seeing the Flamingos.It was nice to sit outside in the cool air at 5am, drink more beer, and then walk around and see the animals. It's better to see the animals during the daytime though. Oh! There's a waterfall too!CuckooCuckoo!
3	I thought there would be penguins, but didn't see them. I did see a bunch of flamingos, half of which were sleeping while standing on one leg. Lots of ducks and swans too. But I think I expected a little more when coming here. I guess it doesn't hurt to stop for a few minutes if you're passing through, but probably not worth going out of your way for.
4	It's no Wildlife Safari, but in the middle of the Strip on a 90 degree day it was a nice change of pace. It would have been better if a fat bride and a fatter groom weren't getting their wedding photos done at the same time we were there.Well, they weren't so much the problem--the over zealous fat future mother-in-law was the real problem. She nearly knocked me down trying to snap a photo of her fat kids eating cake. Crazy beeotch. Anyway, the whole area is kinda neat because it's in the middle of the Flamingo's towers. It feels like you're in a courtyard setting at an old folks home as opposed to the old folks home "casino". It's free. Check it out while you're checking out the outdated hotel/casino.
3	I also was looking for free things to do in Vegas and I guess I expected way too much from Flamingo's wild life habitat. On the brochure it said it would have penguins but I didn't see any. If you are staying at the hotel or are at the hotel anyway I would recommend going there and checking it out but it was definitely not worth walking all the way down the Las Vegas Blvd to see it. They have flamingos, swans, fishes, ducks.. and I think thats it.
3	its more of a 2.5... its really not that great. the only animals i seen there was flamingos, ducks, and fishes... so much for a wildlife habitat. I guess if you have nothing to do, you could go here just to kill time, but dont expect too much. I'd much rather go back inside and gamble...
2	Do not expect much from this, just some flamingos ducks and fish. May be ducks/squirrels at my apartment are a better watch.
5	Fun to see! Plus it's free!!
5	Located in the Flamingo Hotel Casino on The Las Vegas Strip. Ok so we are not talking the San Diego Zoo, but this is fun free attraction. The Flamingos seem to enjoy the attention, so why not indulge them. You can also take a break from the sun by taking a seat in the shade near the modest waterfall (Hey this is still a desert, what do you want?) Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	Fun place to relax and watch the pink flamingos, koi fish etc.. while surrounded by palm tress. Plus it's FREE!!
4	I am a bird lover. All birds, any birds, you name it, I'd want to learn about it. For a change from coffee or art gallery hopping, I would drop by here just to watch the duckies glide across the water or the pelicans playing around with their feathers, and for the most part, to read the little info labels about the birds. It really helps me relax while keeping my brain on learning mode and well-stimulated. Wildlife to look forward to are flamingos, black swans, juvenile brown pelicans, black-necked swan, ducks (mallards etc.) japanese koi fish and a few more that I couldn't recall. Once, I came here just for the sake of wildlife observation and ended up sitting by the rocks where the mallards would glide and 'hung out' with this one cute little duck with brown patches, I still can't quite put my finger on what its species was. And on a side note, this isn't exactly part of the habitat (or at least I don't think it is) but be sure to look out for this stray little turkey that likes to hide behind the bushes and then come out of nowhere caw-ing like a crow. You wouldn't miss it, I promise. Some tourists didn't look too pleased the last time I came here and were probably more than ready to put that turkey on their thanksgiving dinner table! Nonetheless, it's such a fun sight, I'm sure you'd only find it adorable!
4	Do you have tranquil place to escape to when you are on the Las Vegas Strip? I do. It is a 15 acre tropical landscape where winding brick paths with benches pass along green and lush gardens with tropical trees towering overhead. It is a tranquil place with waterfalls cascading into streams with islands. Swimming in these streams are glowing koi and catfish. Bridges look over turtles, brown pelicans, and ducks. It is a tranquil place where guinea fowl coexist with tourists. It is a tranquil place where the wildest animals are Chilean flamingos. This tranquil place is the Flamingo Wildlife Habitat.  The Flamingo Wildlife Habitat is a tranquil place that is a coin throw from the Las Vegas Strip. It sits at the back of the Flamingo Hotel between the two hotel towers, swimming pool complex, and monorail. It is the antithesis of the busy Las Vegas Strip.It is a tranquil place on the Strip, which I go in different moods. In the afternoon, I enjoy my moments on the bench overlooking the pond by the wedding chapel while sipping tea or coffee with my head in a good book. The sounds of the waterfalls and birds are the soundtrack of a Back to Nature CD. In the spring the olfactory candy of the flowers escalates my sense of tranquility. The Flamingo Habitat is my garden on the Strip. Late at night, if I am staying overnight on the Strip, I delight in bringing my beer here. There is something spiritual about sipping a beer in a tranquil place in the dark listening to rushing waterfalls and watching flamingos. The Flamingo Habitat is my beer garden on the Strip.  Any time of the day, I enjoy bird watching. The Flamingo Habitat claims to have 300 birds. They even have a birding checklist. I enjoy sitting on my bench by the wedding chapel watching the birds diving into the pond and flying into the lush canopies above. When I have had enough of relaxing on my favorite bench, I enjoy watching the water fowl swimming below or the flamingos that are always standing. The Flamingo Habitat is my bird watching spot on the Strip.  Unfortunately my tranquil place on the Strip had been violated. Development pressure is causing restaurants to encroach onto the habitat space. Recently, a big news story was that a few drunken tourists killed a guinea fowl (like drinking by itself makes you do something like that). Being the animal lover that I am, it was difficult for me to return to the Flamingo Habitat until the staycation last week. Things have taken a turn for the better. It is encouraging that the Flamingo Habitat rescued two injured brown pelicans. Their new home is the former penguin exhibit. The Flamingo is giving them a nice life by recreating their natural habitat. A fun fact is that they are named Bugsey and Virginia after the Flamingo's founders.  If you do not have a tranquil place to escape to when you are on the Strip, why not make it the Flamingo Wildlife Habitat. It is convenient, free, and currently open 24 hours. And it is 4 stars..................................................................................This is review 60 of the Yelp 100 Challenge
1	My husband and I went sometime in the afternoon on a Monday. A couple ducks and koi fish. I didn't even see any flamingo.
1	I don't why you would go there. DId see a few flamingos, ducks and koi. But I just don't see the point. It may take 10-15 minutes. There are too many things to do on the strip. I would avoid it.
2	It's ok for the price they do have a few animals and it's pretty it's a cool place to go if it an adult but if your wandering around with your kids looking at stuff do t stop here unless it's pretty early in the day there's a lot of drunk people due to the bar right outside about 60 feet from the actual flamingos I can't say I was disappointed but I definitely wouldn't have e brought the kids to wander through
3	Was a little disappointed. I expected to see a little bit more than I did. There were some flamingos, swans,ducks and fish. Hopefully in the summer its a little different. I came during the winter so it was a bit chilly out.
