3	A new, small, clandestine restaurant located in a busy strip mall. Family owned. The Korean lady who owns the place is very sweet and charming :) she gave me free gyoza and other various samples, striking up small conversations. I got the beef fried rice for $5, which was pretty good. The menu is a bit pricey, but understandable being a teppanyaki place. just more signs and a little renovation could really get the place going.
5	Great, small, family owned and operated restaurant.  Some days I just don't want to go to a full sit-down restaurant but also don't want to settle for fast-food.  This place fills that void.  They offer typical grilled teppanyaki food cooked to order that you can eat there or take home.  Some of the combo plates can be a bit pricey, but the portions are large.  I went there on a Friday evening and the husband was in the back cooking, the wife taking orders at the counter, and their little daughter was giving high-fives to customers like myself.  I was provided with a sample and conversation while I waited for my food to be ready.  Very friendly folks and great food to-go.
5	If you love teppanyaki style food but don't need to pay to see another flaming pile of onions, this place is for you. The concept is simple; great tep grill food without the entertainment. My husband and I went for lunch on a Saturday and got the lunch specials (one shrimp special and one steak special) with two drinks for $25! That would have been one meal at the other full service grills. The food potions were large, the veggies were fresh and the chef/co-owner makes his own ginger and seafood sauces. The place is small as this is their first restaurant venture. But they were very friendly, and we enjoyed their little toddler hostess. Please give this place a try. The strip mall they reside is not ideal, but we all have to start somewhere right? This is a new local business which we need to support, especially considering the infection of corporate chains that has seemed to take over the west valley.
5	We read the reviews on Yelp and had to give Tep grill to go a try. Tep to go is nestled on the South side of Indian School and 107th Avenue (it's in the strip mall that is behind Tortas Piqime; or a little S.E from the Chase bank.)This being a "Teppanyaki to go" order location, there are not going to be too many seating arrangements.  There is one larger round table with about 4 chairs encircling it, and two small - "two top" tables. Approaching the front cashier table - up atop the window that peers into the back kitchen with the grill in the back - the menu sits atop with the teppanyaki delights.First impressions from those who have never eaten Teppanyaki, the prices will appear higher; when in terms for authentic Teppanyaki grilled food; it's reasonable. The portions are larger and you have a choice of the style of rice you would like.  For our evening, my family of four decided to order the New York - 9 ounce and the Teppanyaki Chicken - 9 ounce.   The Miso soup was thrown in and we also chose fried rice with our entrees.   We decided to eat at the larger round table - since there was not much customers coming in. If you've ever eaten at a close family member or friend's home - this is how my family was treated....just like family.  It's funny, we have two smaller young girls and the owner - Bruce and his wife have a 14 month old cute girl who wanted to take part in everything; she was so cute and well behaved.  My older 3 year daughter, being the drama queen decided to flail her arms and knock down a cup of miso soup that spilled on the surface of the table and some of the contents made it's way to my younger daughter's foot and of course, in the older daughter's lap.  As soon as this happened, the 3 year old was whisked away by Bruce's wife and into the bathroom where her leg were washed down and was comforted.   Thankfully it was nothing severe, however, as embarrassing of the situation was, we got to talking to Bruce and  his wife and compared notes on the upbringing of our children in a completely relaxed atmosphere.They were so terrific and the food, oh yeah...this was a restaurant food review....but of course; excellent.  My wife had the chicken and I had the NY; we swapped proteins with each of our dishes and the girls had the fried rice.  We also had the grilled veggies and fried rice - wow, tasty!  If anybody out there is considering any type of asian take out and instead of going to the old tired locations over and over and want to try something new.....or existing...because, you will not find anything like it nearby "to go" and as fast as Bruce gets it out and how piping hot and delicious.... give Tep to go a try.  We will definitely be back!
5	I came in much by accident, and I'm very glad I did.  Don't let the strip mall location fool you, this is restaurant quality food.  I had the chicken lunch, and the portion was really good.  The chicken was of good quality, not some cheap tiny pieces held together with tendons.  The veggies were perfect, a little crisp which I love.  The rice had amazing flavor without being heavy or greasy.  The price is right in line with a small strip mall place but the food tastes much better then I expected.  The owners were there and they are so sweet.  I plan on returning as much as I can.  Do yourself a favor and try it!
