5	This dinky little Japanese gift shop is my favourite place to buy stationary, they have so much of it here. Last time I ventured in I left having bought a Moomin pencil and a couple of Totoro pens. They also have really cute plush toys, they are usually collectables rather than childrens toys and you can get cuddly versions of Nintendo characters, Studio Ghibli characters and Moomins and Pokemon too. Most of the toys don't come cheap but if you're into collecting these items then it's not more expensive than Forbidden Planet or similar shops.  I bought a Totoro keyring a while ago and she is very cute.You will also find key rings here, fancy chopsticks, unusual backpacks, an assortment of jewellery and many more quirky items.Fantastic place to get a gift for someone or just to brighten up your pencil case.
4	In order to fully get this dinky little shop I think you have to have an appreciation and understanding of Japanese culture. It is easy to dismiss this shop as a sickeningly cute gift shop, which it is, but it is also much more than that.The Japanese word for cute is kawaii and there is a whole kawaii subculture in Japan. The most commonly recognised kawaii figures in the UK are the likes of Hello Kitty and Pokemon and Cutie House sells an abundance of items dedicated to these adorable little characters. There is everything from jewellery, toys, key rings, stationary and cutlery and much more! If you are a fan of anime there is a decent collection of Studio Ghibli merchandise or if manga is more your thing then you can also pick some up at Cutie House.I am a big fan of Gloomy Bear who is a kawaii cartoon character. He is adorable looking but at the end of every episode of the cartoon he kills the little boy who owns him and always in a rather gruesome manner. I think this sums up kawaii and Cutie House perfectly, sugary sweet on the outside but underneath there is something a little bit disturbing going on!
4	At the first opportunity (next year), I plan on leaving this decrepit country to go to Japan, a land where dignity, politeness, and strangely perverted behaviour are the norms. So is collecting lots of cute stuff.From Nintendo characters and world stars like Domo, to stuff that will only appeal to the most hardened Studio Ghibli fan, if you're into Japanese oddness, you'll have a field day in here.Sadly, they don't seem to stock merchandise from Animal Crossing, perhaps the greatest, and wittiest, thing ever to come out of Japan or anywhere else for that matter.
4	I really don't know why I like this place. I shouldn't. You shouldn't. No one should. It should offend you. It's everything wrong with Japan. Over the top, offensively cute, bright sparkly anime characters of every form (as long as it's a cutesy or perverted form).Cutie House basically sells toys, key rings, ornaments, bags and jewellery, of popular Japanese characters in the West like Hello Kitty or Pukka. There is also some Nintendo and Studio Ghibli characters represented, that I can appreciate a little more. They also sell some goods relating to more popular Western animations like Nightmare before Christmas and the ever incredible cult classic, The Moomins. In my heart of hearts I still know this is all tacky commercial tat using up precious Earthly resources, but somehow its kitsch value overwhelms me. One word of warning: this shop is almost as small as my dignity after purchasing something from it. Don't enter in any greater number than one. It really is tiny.A quirky little shop that somehow manages to charm me. I imagine if I spent anytime in Japan these feelings would quickly subside, but for now Cutie House, you win.
