4	Yummy brunch place in the northern reaches of ScottsdaleThe salad here was also a winner.  Really liked the beet salad (beatnik salad)...the orange vinaigrette was so plate lickin' goodThey make their own bagels which I found quite tasty, but oddly over priced...$0.75 for a bagel is fine...but do they really need to charge an extra $0.65 to spread some butter on it?  and it's $1.50 more to spread plain cream cheese on it...$2 extra if you're hankering for flavored cream cheese...Oy Vey!
5	Worth every penny... Kashman's is the most reliable deli I've found for great breakfast, brunch, and/or lunch in North Scottsdale.  It's fast casual - you go up to the front and order and then they give you a number and they bring you your food.  The menu is huge and there is something for everyone!  On beautiful days, you can sit outside at either location.  Staff are accomodating and friendly.  My favorite menu items are their greek omelette, atkins plate (if I feel like watching the carbs), yogurt and granola, tuna melt, egg salad sandwich, and the chopped farmers salad (with which I usually add turkey and/or avocado).  The bagels are delicious and so is the coffee.  They also have several flavors of iced tea to choose from.Whenever friends or family are in town, Kashman's is a must...
4	great omelettes, amazing salads, full coffee bar - could you really ask for more? i recommend the chicago omelet, the taco salad, and you can't get me out of there without a latte of some sort.
4	One thing I'm constantly on the search for in Chicago is a good deli...I got spoiled by them growing up in South Florida! So I was very jealous of you Phoenix yelpers after visiting Kashman's Place yesterday. Kashmans- we need you in Chicago!Ordering your food makes Kashman's a great option for a quick and casual meal.  The menu has lots to choose from, but I went with scrambled egg whites and added in some pepper jack cheese.  This came with 2 slices of delicious toast (my lunch partner, Gabi K, tells me their bagels are pretty tasty too) and fresh fruit!Definitely a spot I'd be frequenting often if I lived in the Phoenix area and I plan on going back during my next visit...next time I'm going to have to try their potato latkes!
4	Kashman's has the best matzoh ball soup in town... go for that alone.  I also like their salads and sandwiches - standard deli fare but it's all great quality and big portions. I love this place, and as a matter of fact, so does my dad!  He is more of a regular at this Kashman's than me... he goes for breakfast at least 5 days a week.  Enough said!
4	Love the food - the bagels are the best - its way too pricey though.
4	I get up on the weekends and the first thing out of my mouth is "Can we go to Kashman's?" The only reason I am giving it four starts versus 5 is that it is mostly outside seating. Now, for 1/2 of the year here, that is perfect, but for the summers, its just too hot! There's a lot of food that comes with your order. The omletts are delicious, though! My husband comes out just for the coffee. While I always get the breakfast, he has ventured out and tried a few of the sandwiches, which he liked as well, but said he liked the breakfast more. Best thing about it is that pooch lovers get to bring their furry best friends along. I bring my poodle every time and he shares a breakfast. I don't feel guilty about leaving him at home. Great, friendly staff, too!
3	Simple food with portions large enough to feed an entire family.  Seriously, my boys and I can litterally share an entire breakfast and STILL have leftovers.  Full pancake breakfast with eggs, potatoes, sausage....definitely worth it.  We like that we can take our Golden named Charlie.  Very pet friendly environment!!  Casual...go after a workout and you won't feel guilty for how you're dressed...yes even in N Scottsdale :-)
5	Kashman's is a perfect Jewish Russian American Deli with all the trimmings. Everyone will rave about the soup, but instead of the Matzo Balls, ask for the Kreplache. Unbelievable, and they are the hardest to find in this town! During the holidays, they will also see you a bulk amount for such a reasonable rate.
3	Wow, talk about getting a lot of food!!!  Danielle and I were on our way to visit Rob and she suggested we stop by Kashman's for a bite to eat.  The menu is pretty large and there were so many things that I wanted to try.  Danielle got the pancakes and I got an egg white omelet with peppers, onions and salsa.  It also came with a side of potatoes, fruit and a bagel!!!  Overall, it was pretty good and I surprisingly ate everything on my plate.  I wish I tried their special grilled cheese since the lady sitting across from me ordered it and it looked delicious.  I'll definitely have to order that on my next visit!
5	We LOVE Kashman's! Great bagels! I love to get omelets for brunch which comes with sides. I got potatoes and a bagel and cream cheese. We often get a dozen bagels and cream cheese to take home! The staff is always extremely pleasant.
4	Super friendly staff serves a good breakfast at this North Scottsdale deli/bagelry.  I spotted this spot while eating across the way at another restaurant, and saw that they had posted an article about being a dog-friendly restaurant.So, 5 of us went to check it out the next morning.  Thursday the patio was about half full at 9 AM, and I had a pretty good breakfast burrito with chorizo and green chiles.  Potatoes were above average, orange juice was fresh, and like I mentioned before, all the staff seemed genuinely pleased to be working there.  Definitely going to make it a return trip on my next trip out to AZ.
3	The service was VERY good and my tuna nicoise salad was tasty and generously proportioned.This store is bright, clean, and conveniently located for me.I want to give it 4 stars but it's SOOO over-priced that I just can't.
5	What a loss for our area!  Kashman's has closed.  We drove there for our weekly Sunday breakfast and was stunned to see a sign on the door and that it was closed!  So we drove south to the other location to discover that was closed as well!  UGH! They were the best and I know their closing will make a lot of people sad.  Good luck to the owners and you will be missed!
1	Closed
