5	I follow THEM!  Adele and Marie are simply my beauty consultants, hair dressers, color specialists, and fun girlfriends.  Adele is having her Grand Opening tonight for FRENCH METHOD SALON and I am tickled pink to be attending.  My hair is special to me and I wouldn't trust anyone other than Adele to cut, trim and style my locks.  I book her for special dates.  She always gives me a one of a kind hair style which I ALWAYS GET COMPLIMENTED ON.  ALWAYS at least once a week someone says how cute my style is.  Sophistication, elegance, playfulness and femininity bounce off of my style she creates personally on my head.  She is a fabulous waxer as well.  I never, ever walk out of there with less hair than I wanted to give up.  Marie is fabulous as well to style my hair when I had my last photo shoot.  I can depend on these gals to be there long term and in a pinch.  Pictures to follow!
5	I came to Adele with a myriad of colors in my hair and no idea what I wanted. With one afternoon's thoughtful discussion, planning, and color, I am a new woman!   On another note, French Method Salon is gorgeous inside, with lots of little touches that make it unique and fun.I'll be back!
5	I was referred to Adele and haven't stopped booking my color and cuts with her. I just love coming into the salon and having my appointments with her! The salon is such a cool space ...comfortably modern with awesome personality.  I would absolutely recommend using Adele for all your hair love.
5	Adele is awesome.  If I could give her six stars I would.  I've been going to her for three years and she does a really nice job.
5	Adele is the best!  She takes my mousy 50-something hair and makes it shine with life.  A visit to French Mehod Salon is unique, friendly and refreshing!
1	I have never had Adele do my hair, but based on reviews, I'm sure she is absolutely wonderful. I'd be very cautious of Marie; she burnt the crown of my hair off back in October and then attempted to fix it, only to burn off a side area while dying it a "dark blonde" which was actually a dark brown. To have to live under a wig and tri-colored hair as it grows out for the next couple years without the option to dye it due to the burning is very emotionally painful every day. This is an extreme case and obviously does not happen to all of her clients, but just be aware of the absent mindedness, and choose your stylist  based on your research.
5	i was skeptical at first hah. just kidding.  i have known adele for about 25 years and as her friend, i didn't want to go to her since i was very picky about my hair.  i am a natural blonde with wavy hair and i was convinced it would cause issues if she didn't style to my liking. I gave in finally because for one, she can always fit you in, and for two, she is an independant business woman who is making a name for herself in the industry, very impressed!well, she honestly gave me the best haircut ever, allowing me to keep my length as well as take away the egg head that was beginning to come out with my longer, thinning locks.... she gave me some really beautiful layers that work with natural hair, or straightened.enough about me... :D  She really does know what she's doing!
5	I came to Adele after I had a bit of a falling out with my last hair stylist, and I have been so pleased with my cuts and color over the past almost year.The salon itself is absolutely darling and filled with fantastic little details. The natural light from the big windows really makes for a fantastic ambiance.It is fantastic to see Adele go out on her own and create her own salon. That has to be incredibly scary and it seems to have paid off for her! I absolutely love how reasonable her prices are as well! I am always incredibly pleased with the cut, color, and style that she gives me. She is warm and gracious and makes you feel comfortable; offering tea or water and giving great head massages while she washes you out!I'm so thankful to have such a solid person handling my hair and refer others to her any chance I get!!
5	I love going to Adele! I currently have a pixie cut and when I came to her the very first time after a move from Oregon, she asked a lot of questions to get to know my hair and what I wanted, and played with it for a few minutes. Then she started cutting away. After she thought she was almost done, she had me run my hands through my hair to make sure it "felt" right to me and if I wanted any areas shorter and/or thinned out. After a few tweaks, it was perfect; exactly what I wanted. I'm happy and confident that whenever I go see Adele, I'll come out looking fantastic and happy with my cut and style. I also love she does complimentary neck and bang trims as needed between cuts.
5	Adele is fantastic! Lovely person, lovely stylist, lovely work. Salon is eclectic chic and clean, and the music is always intriguing. She's the first person I've let cut my hair in years (I'm a do it myself-er), and she didn't disappoint. And my color is to die for.xx.
5	I sought out a stylist who would be restrained and considerate to my requests. I read the online reviews about Kristi, and she seemed to be a good fit. I visited French Method Salon, and she impressed! She listened to my requests, and thoroughly walked me through her steps.  Kristi also gave me some great recommendations on how to treat my hair (shampoos, oils, etc) as well as styling tips. Most importantly, she fixed the mess that was my hair! My hair was a botched job, with inconsistent layers, split ends and even a mullet tail. She not only fixed the nightmare, but left me with a stylish cut without taking too much off the length (as requested). I am thoroughly pleased with the cut and will be returning regularly. Kristi is also very pleasant to chat with. The space is really beautiful too!
5	Stacie did my hair and it was a great experience.  She listen and cut my hair based on what I needed.  It was mello and simple chic inside with a few stylist.  It wasn't the meat market I was used to.  They cater to their clients and I was therefore put at ease and relaxed.  We talked about what I needed.  She listen and made suggestions based on my hair texture and needs.  I will definitely go again!
5	For all the gents out there ask for Jen. Easy on the eyes and easy on the trimmers. Jen cut my hair a few weeks back and I couldn't be more happy. I asked for the Ronaldo look and she nailed it! For $35 you'll get a sharp haircut and an added bonus of an ego boost. Will be seeing her back in a month for sure! Thanks Jen (:
5	Stacie did a fabulous job! My hair was very thick and long I was very nervous on cutting it because not everyone  can manage this wild mane. I had an idea and a picture and she did just that. I'm so happy with the results and will recommend her to    everyone I know. She made me feel very comfortable and the salon is really cute. I will be back for sure. Thanks again.
