4	Good food, good service, they makes us feel welcome every time we go. Good variety of pizzas and Italian dishes. Good ambiance, although could be a little noisy. Bring your own wine, helps keep the price in check as this restaurant is not cheap. Worth the visit.
3	Not bad. I honestly did not have high hopes for this restaurant but was pleasantly surprised. The calamaries were lacking a bit of flavor but the main dishes made up for it. I ordered the sun-dried tomato with cream sauce pasta; delicious. My boyfriend ordered Italian sausage pizza; super tasty with some nice heat. I'd go back. Seriously for a BYOW it's worth it.
4	I really like this restaurant... for the west island. In town it's nothing special. But thank god someone has opened a proper byow in this area. It's my official go to place when my dad wants to eat dinner now. The pizzas are great and I've enjoyed the various pasta dishes I've tried. Word to the wise... This place is actually busy so RSVP.
3	I have been to this place several times and it never disappoints.  A good neighbourhood BYOW - the service is friendly and efficient. The food is good - nothing spectacular but reliable. I started with  a green salad and then the grilled salmon (overcooked) served with a choice of rice,pasta, potatoes or veg,  I chose pasta in tomato sauce which was well cooked (al dente) and good.  Since I had the table d'hote it came with coffee and  I also had choice of  dessert.  I chose chocolate grand mariner cheesecake,which I gave away - but judging by the way it was decimated I'd say it was a hit. Dinner & Tip was $48ishNote to restos - why do you all overcook the fish? You all ask people how they like their meat - you should do the same for fish s.v.p.
5	To have a restaurant this good in the West Island is a rarity. The prices are quite good, and it's a BYOB. I would prefer it not be, but I don't hold that against a resto one way or the other.Food choice is extensive without going overboard. Every time I go, I try to order something different, and that is often difficult because I've liked something previously so much.Reservations are important unless you're willing to eat early. Parking is ample; there's even an IGA nest door if you're caught without wine.My only drawbacks are that it gets noisy due to its architecture (I presume), and that while much of the wait staff is excellent, a few seem too caught up in themselves.All in all, this is a restaurant that you absolutely should visit once, and make up your own mind. In my opinion, it is none of the better choices available.
5	Did a return visit before writing up a review just to make sure I was experiencing the real thing. And I remain quite impressed! A great variety of Italian staples, tried pizza and pasta puttanesca, both superior, and my wife who loves veal scallopine tried limone and Napolitan, and loved both! Very reasonably priced, about 25 to 30 per, all in. And loved the BYOB. Will be making Vivaldi a regular haunt. See you there!!
5	Vivaldi is a bit in the middle of nowhere but definitely stands out as one of the better restaurants in the area - or in the West-Island. Right off of Gouin blvd between St. John's and Des Sources. It's a decently sized restaurant with high ceilings and a comforting atmosphere and decor. It can get a little loud, it's always busy! That being said, make sure you make reservations in advance or be prepared to wait (maybe polish off a bottle while waiting for a table??). You can also watch the chefs do their thing as the kitchen is customer facing. I always like being able to see where my food is coming from.The food is very delicious, as good as you'll find in the West-Island (hence the 5* rating) and would put up a good fight against some city Italian joints. Your typical Italian cuisine; veal, chicken, pizza, pasta, seafood. My suggestions:Antipasti: Bruschetta with goat cheese, fried squid, tomato & bocconcini, fried zucchinis, or grilled sausage.Main: Veal scallopini with lemon, marsala, or dijonnaise. Mussels (dijonnaise or marinara). Tortellini la contessa, oven baked pastas are pretty good for a restaurant (will never be like Nonna's but most places I don't like them at all). Their Penne arrabiata is good also as a side dish with your main instead of veggies or spaghetti. Their thin-crust pizzas are great as well, I like Numero Uno but there are plenty to choose from so take your pick!Desserts:Not a big dessert guy so you're on your own for that one!I've been here several times and the service has always been on the money. Friendly, prompt, and always around if you need anything. The owners are quite involved as well, you can see them clearing tables and socializing with their guests. Never had any issues with the service here.BYOW - I love bring your own wine restos, why pay a premium for something I know I can get cheaper elsewhere - and that I will like? Major points for this (although I wouldn't care if it wasn't, just a bonus!). It's also another reason why it can get loud :)If you're looking for a place in the West for larger groups, Vivaldi is a fantastic place for groups (birthdays, anniversaries, parties, etc.) and doesn't break the bank!If you're in the West-Island, Vivaldi should definitely be on your list of places to check out.http://www.totalmtl.com/food/vivaldis/
4	I really liked this place. The service is super friendly. The food is actually really tasty! I don't expect much every time I go because I always think "how good can the Italian food be at a resto in the west island that I've never heard of that might be a chain". You know, I'm glad I'm wrong. My only suggestion would be to get the pizza. Forget the pasta. The pizza is MUCH better than the pasta. And don't forget the calamari!
3	Decided to have dinner here when looking for a byob in the west island. This place is a bit far out if you are not from the area. The ambience is nice and the resto seems very well kept. The service here is great, our waitress was attentive and the hostess was very welcoming as soon as you walk in. I started with the eggplant parmesan which was average, covered in cheese and sauce, you almost wouldn't know there was eggplant with your cheese. For main i ordered the chicken tagliatelle. The pasta was perfectly el dente but i would have like more flavour out of the chicken. When seeking to liven up the dish i did discover they have a very good chilli oil for those who like to add a bit if spice to their pasta. Overall a nice byob place with a vibrant ambience.
