3	It's Hooters guys... shouldn't expect too much here.I will say they are somewhat expensive but recently they had all you can eat wings and another special of boneless wing basket on Wed nights and a few friends and me went there every week for that deal with a couple pitchers... but the beer is even pricey.I do love their boneless wings and their buffalo chicken sandwiches, pickle and tater salad are a good combo.  I don't go super hot but they have a good range of heat and some honey hots and other good stuff - I say mix it up a bit and try em all out.The scene is the same though I will say this location has some talent as of late.  You also have the sports know-it-all who got cut his freshman year and never let it go, the affliction wearing douchebag that's never rolled on a mat in his life, and the fat sloppy guy that takes all the pictures with the girls.   Don't get me wrong, there are others in there but just typical those dudes are in there. The girls are super nice... obviously.  But they're not gonna date you big guy - just sayinAlso, as far as I know they do provide the UFC fights for free so it's an okay backup if you don't have anywhere else to watch it.I don't eat there a lot but it's not bad when I do :)
3	I went here with my boyfriend on a Friday night for wings for dinner. I was nervous getting hot wings because I don't do well with spice... I usually get wings with a sweet flavor instead of the spicy ones. But, the waitress talked me into trying the medium (after she told me that the mild wings were just basted in butter... pure lard butter...ick). So, I ate them and they actually weren't terribly hot. So, points for the waitress for talking me into trying the medium- and she even told me they'd remake them if they turned out to be too hot for me. So, this experience was a success. Although, the time before when I was here, I ordered a salad and I had to ask 2 different waitresses for silverware (when my friends were already eating their food) and still never got any. Had to walk up to the waitress' station myself and grab my own. I think this place is well-known enough for their wings without the gimmicky ploy to get men into the restaurant. But, it's apparently still working and the girls seem to be doing it well. So, good for them. But, because of the gimmick, this isn't somewhere where I'd love to hang out on a regular basis.
1	Hooters has closed this location, sorry.
3	Standard hooters, if you plan on watching a game or event get there way early.  Check that, this hooters is no longer here.
