3	I cook a lot, but sometimes I'll think I have something that I really don't and then I've already started the meal so SOMEONE has to run out and get said ingredient or I'll have a nuclear meltdown.This Albertsons is close enough that I can start the water boiling or get the onions chopping and send guy out to fetch whatever I might need.  It's a clean enough store and although I still have trouble navigating my way around it after a year, I can find most of the stuff I'll need.  Except for glutenous rice flour, but I can only get that in Chinatown anyway.Their produce is usually decent (except last night, the green bell peppers were garbage so I had to sub in pasilla chilies..which tasted better anyway) and they offer a growing selection of organic produce.  I'm really impressed with the ethnic foods selection found in most any chain grocery store these days, and Albertsons is no exception.  They also carry an *okay* selection of vegetarian and vegan products, both in the produce section (stuff for the fridge) and in the freezer section.  SOMETIMES I can even get creme caramel frozen soy yogurt, which is so good you'll die (and only 120 cal a serving!!!!! DIE DIE DIE).
4	This Albertson's showed up as a straight shot from the Wynn, so I decided to take a 10 minute adventure out from the strip to resupply on some essentials. I didn't want to pay $6 for tiny bottles of water, so I bought myself a couple of 1 gallon jugs from this place for like $2. Also I had to get more cranberry juice for the big boy bottle of goose I had in my room. I noticed they do have a pretty good sized deli with some fresh made sandwiches that looked delicious. Not to mention it has a Starbucks built in! I wish our Albertsons had something like that. Seattle's Best isn't cutting it for me.  Come here if you need stuff for the room.
5	Ok, so i thought reviewing a grocery store was random, but I guess not. Anyway, this place rocks..for a grocery store. The staff is always soo cool to me and even the kid that collects the carts stops to say hi and ask if I have any new tattoos haha. I really like this place and would even make a longer drive just to come here now that I know about it.
3	Clean and convenient. Not run down or anything. Quick and easy from the Strip a little bit more of a drive from Fremont Street due to road construction
1	I've gone to this Albertsons for the past 3 years and one in Henderson before that. It's been heartbreaking to see it go from something I look forward to until deciding it's time to give up on a dying store.The Starbucks has been closed for a long time.  The Security Guards have come and gone and come again.  Many of the friendly faces are either gone or are weary.  Now they've installed turnstiles and cart corrals blocking the produce section from easy access.  I can't  believe the Fire Marshall even allows it, in an emergency if you were handicapped you'd be completely out of luck trying to exit that way.  I've always defended Albertsons but I give up.  The enjoyable shopping experience has soured over the last few trips and the turnstile is just the last straw. Albertsons is going the way of Winn Dixie.  Guess history does repeat itself.
2	One thing about this store, it's not 24 hours.It seems to have a slightly less abundant selection as compared to the other branches in the city. I actually over-heard some anti-trans slander comign from two of the workers at the Deli too. I try to avoid this place as often as possible.
2	Not impressed- I grew up with Albertsons stores in Texas, but they closed up and moved out around the time I hit middle school. When I moved to LV I was excited to be able to shop here again.This location is severely lacking. It's old and dirty, not particularly well stocked or well staffed, and the prices on non-sale items can be a bit ridiculous compared to other places in the city.Went by when I was on this side of town for a work training, around 8PM. Only one cashier available, Toni, who was openly griping about the job and the customers- TO HER CUSTOMERS. A bit ridiculous.I grabbed a sale ad when I walked in the door but quite a few items on sale weren't even in stock or were low- only one case of Albersons' brand water, only one case of their house brand 18-count eggs, etc. The produce section is confusing, not well laid out, and inconvenient- I only spotted three plastic bag stations, and they were very spaced out, requiring me to go back and forth repeatedly across the entire area. Luckily I was the only person there.But then when I wanted to double check the weight of my veggies, I notice there is only one functional scale to be found. Heaven forbid this place ever have more than five shoppers at once, it would be incredibly irritating.Subtracting an additional star for the hella-gross rotisserie chicken and sides area, which was already broken down- the large pans with self-serve sides in them were scraped out and filled with water that looked and smelled old. No idea how early they must have broken that station down, but again- it was only 8PM when I went in. Went against my better judgement and got a rotisserie chicken for dinner, and it was small, dry, and had seen better days.
4	One of the cleaner Albertsons in the area, normally not a lot of shoppers and aisles are well stocked and clean.  It's a pain to get out of here and go westbound on DI though...
3	Pretty nice Albertsons, which means its a pretty average supermarket overall.  The layout is a little weird with the pharmacy in the middle, and there aren't many self checkout stations.It needs an update, but is passable.
2	Went shopping yesterday evening & had trouble sorting through all the expired food...bread outdated to 2 weeks ago yogurt from last month & my mushrooms I just opened to cook which are completely slimey & not fresh! To: Michele Goff
3	I like to start this reviews with 3 stars. Making a left into the plaza is not easy as there is a median on Dessert Inn (-1 star). There is a lack of trees for shade in the hot Las Vegas heat (-1 star). However, story is super clean and organized with deli and produce on the left (+ 1 star). The cashiers are always nice and friendly (+1 star). The store lacks a good bakery department and organic foods (-1 star). I like it because I am not compelled to get want I don't want (+1 star).
5	Best made to order cakes in town. Whipped cream frosting above all the rest. Great price I ordered online at work a couple days ahead.
