5	Great service!
4	Though not the cleanest Denny's I've been to, the service is really nice so I'll keep coming back. The dirty that I'm referring to is in between the double-pane windows is soap film that makes it look like the windows are really dirty, but I know it really isn't on the inside of the restaurant.
4	Is a Chef in training cooking here at night?.  Stopped by expecting same ole breakfast fare.  Ordered the Deluxe Skillet.  It was upscale, it was yummy and it was a huge portion so I took enough home for a second meal tomorrow.  I sent my compliments back to the Chef something I've never ever done at Denny's.  Service was great also.
2	Not very Christmas-spirity of me to rip on the only place open. But my wife's eggs didn't taste right--not fresh, and my burger was Defcon-5 well done. I'd grade them on an easy curve if the food was edible, but 2 hits + 2 misses = 2 stars any day of the year.
5	My Husband and I were at this location on 12/24/2013. We have gone to this Denny's every year on 12/24 for the past 3 years. We met each other online and chose this location to meet  for the first time. 4 months later we we married, and every year we meet at this Denny's on the Date we met. Our same booth is always open LOL.... This last year we just happened to get the same waitress that we had the prior year and she remembered us. I wish I could remember here name she was cute and pregnant, I think she was due any day. She was excellent. food was excellent. Everything was clean even restrooms. I have been going to this Denny's off and on for the last 35 years.  and they do get 5 stars from me..Thank you Denny's
2	We came here for breakfast the other morning and got right in. The place looks like it might have been remodeled(?) when me and my husband went to sit in the booth our knees were smashed into each other that we could not sit across from each other. The food was not as good as it usually is, but that won't stop us from going back. We will just have to sit at a table. The waitress was really nice and service was fast.
5	I went to Denny's for my free birthday Grand Slam, haven't done that since college, and I was very impressed by the store.  It was newly re-modeled (very nice!) and the manager and staff were extremely friendly.  My server Mandy was excellent and made my birthday start off wonderfully. If you're ever looking for a moon over my-hammy, I suggest this is the place you go find it.
3	I was craving comfort road-food. Grateful to have a Denny's open nearby. For all it's imperfections, I appreciate the hours they keep.I ordered a plain iced coffee which was more like coffee-flavored half & half. Guess people like it that way. Well, not me! I particularly didn't like it when a waitress came to my table with a plate of food, held it out and asked, "is this yours?" It wasn't. When she did bring out the correct order it felt like a game (I didn't want to play.)The food was salty to cover up an overall lack of flavor and the flies were happy to have a plate to circle as I pushed it to the side. As I waited to close my check I wish someone would have come taken the plate away. It was making me sick. I know it's a glorified diner, so I shouldn't expect a whole lot. I like Denny's as a chain. I simply wish I could say my experience at this store was better.
3	Stopped here on a Tuesday morning for breakfast with my daughter. Heard it had been remodeled, so curiosity got the best of us.We were greeted and seated right away. The inside had been remodeled and had a much more open feel than before. The floors are now hardwood instead of carpet. Everything looked great except the Windows. Maybe they were due to be cleaned, but they were streaked and dirty. Our server came over, introduced herself and told us about a few items featured on the menu. We ordered the build your own French toast breakfast and one of the fit fare breakfasts. The food took awhile, but everything came out hot. The fit fare breakfast came with Turkey bacon, fruit, English muffin dry along with egg whites scrambled with spinach and tomatoes. Everything was delicious! The egg whites seemed a bit dry, but that may have been due to being cooked to be lower in calories. The turkey bacon was cooked just right. The fruit was a perfect mix of strawberries, bananas, grapes and cantaloupe! My daughter ordered their new multigrain French toast with caramelized pecans and cream cheese frosting. I had to have a couple bites. Okay, it was just sinful! Omg! Delicious!The service was okay. They weren't that busy, but the food took quite awhile. Our server didn't come back after food was served to make sure everything was okay or to refill drinks. She did come back when we were almost done. And while our server wasn't unpleasant, she wasn't pleasant.
1	The absolute worst Denny's ever. I have given them multiple chances, Bc they are so close to me but every time I go there I have to wait an hour plus for food.  The manager is a jerk that only gives excuses and then gets mad when you leave.
3	This Denny's is pretty decent. Staff is mainly friendly. Food isn't bad. Nothing horrible about this location and nothing outstanding. Just your average Denny's! I will say that the wait time for food is pretty long even when they aren't very busy.
5	Most people wouldn't expect to rate Denny's 5 stars but my visit here for breakfast warrants the high rating. The service here is outstanding. Everyone was super friendly and attentive including the manager who seated me in the back room away from all the noise. But the person who made this visit one I will remember for a long time was my server, Crystal. She was the best server I've experienced in years, even after going to some expensive restaurants. Crystal made sure my coffee was filled/warmed and just so attentive. She was really friendly, smiled lots, and just gave a good vibe. When dining alone, I sometimes feel a bit out of place but with the constant attention from her, I felt warm and welcomed. Even though my eggs weren't all cooked, she made sure to tell the cook and asked me if i wanted replacement eggs or anything else. Crystal was very busy with other tables that had larger groups but never once forgot about me. Seriously this girl deserves every penny she earns and then some. She takes top place for service. If I'm ever back in Phoenix, I would go out of my way to go here again just to sit in her section.Oh and the pumpkin pancakes were amazing!
