1	Not to be THAT GIRL and as terrible as it sounds, these guys have a few thieves amongst their ranks. They helped my mum move a few bits and pieces and her diamond ring was stolen during the time frame that they were in the house. Moral of the story; humanity sucks and would not recommend these guys.
1	Terrible, terrible, terrible!  Beware of hidden fees, slow movers, and thieves.  My credit card was stolen during my moved and used at a gas station miles away from my new house.  When I made the appointment, I was not told of additional fees for stairs or that the company only accepted cash.  The two men barely spoke English.  Stay away, I would rather move myself than use this company.
1	Horrible experience! Attitude and cruel. Disabled and woman of maturity, never in my years had a company move me with contempt seething through argumentative and disrespectful lips. I warn and please beware! Charles was the man in charge and the purpose for the words I write. I am so upset after the discriminating and hurtful experience. The boxes were packed and had been shipped fom WI. The few items not bedbug items contained were to be boxed in 2 wardrobes bought from them. Despite all, the bashing continued. I cut the job only half performed to get them and negativity away. My back was on fire after lifting n packing. I am disabled w spine degeneration disease and a senior and he crossed so many lines of discrimination, customer care, and common decency and respect. Hired C2moving (5) to complete the job. Beware of this "corporation". Beware as they hire and send to yr home nothing less than scammers and muggers!
5	These guys are awesome!  Q and his driver were so professional and efficient.  They moved my son from my house to an apartment in Tempe.  They also had to drive to another store to pick up a couch.  Everything went smoothly,  They were able to get all of his boxes and furniture in the elevator with so much efficiency.   The pricing is very reasonable.  I made my appointment less than a week before the move and they were still able to help me.  WOW I was impressed.  They do accept credit cards and since my son didn't have cash on hand for a tip, it was no problem adding the tip onto the credit card.  I have used this company before, and had a great experience.  Two Men and A Truck is as good as it gets!
5	Geez, there are some not so good reviews here, my experience was not like that at all!Recently I moved from my parent's house to an apartment not too far away, and my current roommate recommended we use Two Men and a Truck. We had them pick up her stuff from a storage unit, then my stuff from my parents house. I was very impressed at how quickly and efficiently they worked. They had set aside 4 hours to move us in, and I don't even think it took half that time! They were very careful with our stuff and were professional. I really wish I remembered the names of the men who moved us in because they did an excellent job. I would gladly recommend their services and use them again in the future.
