4	This is your typical Jersey Mike's sub shop and it's located smack dab in the middle of uptown.  Like most Jersey Mike's the ingredients are fresh and the subs are really good.On Tuesday's you can get a regular sub, chips, and a drink for $5.99.  I must say that's a pretty good deal.  If you keep your receipt from Tues you can come back any day of the week and get the same deal again for $5.99.  If you're not lucky enough to get there on Tues then the subs for lunch can get a tad bit pricey.  A regular club sub, bag of chips, and drink will run about $10.  When you get into the $10 range for lunch uptown you start to have a lot of options at your dissposal.  So my advice is go on Tuesday if you can!
4	I went to Jersey Mikes Subs for lunch on a Tuesday after reading other review about their $5.99 Tuesday special, regular sub, chips, and drink.  The place was very busy but the line moved quickly and the staff at the counters were very efficient about getting orders taken and the sandwiches out.  I ordered the orginal Italian,  provolone, ham, prosciuttini, cappacuolo, salami and pepperoni.  Garnish is "Mike's Way", which is onions, lettuce, tomatoes, olive oil blend, red wine vinegar and oregano.  The also have mustard, mayo, banana peppers, jalapenos, and roasted red peppers.  The sandwich was very good.  Jersey Mikes uses finely shredded lettuce which I prefer.  The meats are cut on a meat slicer as your sandwich is made so they are not sitting around in a cooler.  If the regular prices weren't so high I'd go to Jersey Mike's instead of the $5 footlong place. but as another reviewer mentioned you can take your receipt from Tuesday back and get the same $5.99 deal which is definitely worth it.  I'm going to give them 4 stars on Tuesdays.
5	I decided to do the bounce back to Jersey Mikes as I was swamped with work and needed something I could eat at my desk.  The bounce back allows you to bring back your receipt from Tuesday and get the sandwich, chips, and drink special for $5.99.  I went on a Friday afternoon around 11:30 am.  There were few people inside and only one person ahead of me in line.  I ordered the same thing I previously had on Tuesday, the original Italian.  The sandwich had the same high quality and everything from my previous review was reinforced.  Since it was pretty slow I was able to interact with the staff there. They were extremely friendly and courteous.  The woman garnishing sandwiches called me "sweetie" (don't tell my wife).  The manager was on the register and he asked me if I liked the bounce back deal.  I replied with a hearty, "yes I do!"  He stated that he was glad to hear that.  I'd like to think I can tell if someone is just going through the motions or really enjoys interacting with their customers.  At this location the staff were the later.  Because of the great sandwiches and awesome staff I have to bump my rating up to 5 stars.
4	They got some solid subs here, especially on Tuesday for the special.  $6.49 for sub, chips, and a drink.  Just an overall solid place for lunch.  Definitely couldn't handle going here like on a daily, but well worth it to mix things up from time to time.dmo out
5	I'm a stickler for places where they remember your face. (see my ED's Tavern review).As soon as I enter... One of the 3 worker's in the back yells out :" #9- Club Supeme, # 13- the Original Italianor you gonna get the Chicken Philly?I LOVVVEEEEE IT!! (I like the faces of the patrons already there hearing them call out my fav's.. a la a bartender pouring a shot b4 u take your seat)When I'm a lil iffy.. I'll just tell em.... hey... SURPRISE ME!!I go here at least 1 a week. (coupon always).. The manager ALWAYS ask... what coupon do you have today...lmaoThey are kinda pricey.. so... thats the reason for coupon!!I work uptown/downtown (what does that really mean.. Uptown vs Downtown) so I frequent alot of these places. Go and enjoy
4	This is a very nice shop and I'm a big fan of the Turkey sandwich Mike's Way
4	Never even knew there was a Jersey Mike's uptown till recently.  I may just have to start putting this into my rotation.  I came in on a Tuesday for the Super Tuesday deal ($6.50 for Sub/Chips/Drink).  It was pretty packed and I was told normally it's more crowded.  Note to self, get there early as possible.  That wasn't a problem though becuase they moved the line very well.  The problem comes in if you are looking to take a seat and eat it there.  Very limited seating area.
5	Jersey Mike's Tuesday Special is awesome. $7 for any regular sub, chips & a drink. It's usually the only day that I drink soda.
4	I go here with coworkers very frequently, and not once have I walked out disappointed!  If you are tired of subway or just want a great sub (hot or cold) come here!  I love their club sub "Mike's way", and their cheese steak hot sandwich.  They are equally fast as subway, but in my opinion much more tastier!  I will probably be back here very soon! Enjoy!
3	I typically hit the East Blvd location, but downtown for lunch I decided to check out this location. The line was almost out the door! Although it moves somewhat quickly the service is very chaotic and I was charged for the order behind me. Overall, I enjoy the subs, but this location was a little more disappointing than my other experiences.
5	This is one of the best managed Jersey Mikes I have ever been too. I have been eating here consistently for 8 years (since 2006)  and they never disappoint. Always clean, and always fresh and consistently tasty sandwiches. The line can get long, especially on Tuesdays when they have specials, but it moves pretty fast and the food is worth the wait.
