4	Tasty Kabob is a must see on any Hookah bar tour. They serve food, coffee and alcoholic beverages for those of age. In addition, the Hookahs are top notch. Now on to the food! Ever had Saffron Rice or Chargrilled Steak, Chicken or Pork? Try any of the Kabob platters, very good!  Also they have the best Persian Ice Cream which is only one flavor....what is the flavor??....(its a secret, you will have to go there and find out!) Prices are moderate for a dinner for two, atmosphere is casual enough to be a great first date place (attention cheesy guys) and they are rarely busy so cosy dates can become sweet and innocent. For persian cuisine in the East Valley this place is a must.
5	My Phoenix friends took me here while I was visiting Arizona and I absolutely loved the food. Unsure if I was going to get a decent meal from a place with "kabob" in the name (I'm a vegetarian), I was pleasantly astounded to find that my vegetarian meal was one of the best and tastiest I've ever had. My veggie kabob had been lovingly marinated and was roasted to perfection; this came served with the best basmati rice experience in my life. The breads served were likewise delicious.I wouldn't say that the ambiance of Tasty Kabob is their strong point -- it's a large room with tables and feels more like a cafeteria. However, there are times when the food experience far outweights any extraneous circumstances and this one such example. Go for the food -- it is worth every penny.Do check out the Middle Eastern grocery store across the street as well! They have a great selection of teas, pastries, and spices.
3	Raised in a Persian household, I know a good kabob when I eat one.Tasty Kabob, while among the best Persian restaurants in Arizona, falls short of Famous Kabob in Sacramento and many Los Angeles joints. Still, it's better that any kabob I've had in New York, Chicago or London.Still, if I have a hankerin for kabobs and rice, and don't feel like making them myself, Tasty Kabob does the trick.If you go and have never tried Persian food, go with the kabob koobideh. Trust me.
4	Apparently Haji Baba isn't open on Sundays, so we decided to hit up Tasty Kabob instead of calling it off and heading home. The little parking lot in a strip mall off Apache was bustling with activity, so I hoped we would be able to score a table easier than we had tried for a parking spot. I don't like waiting for the first meal of the day. I turn into the reckapotamus from Hell, whose disposition is a combination between that of a pissed off hippopotamus and an icy cold imp from the underworld. But there wasn't a soul to be found enjoying a Tasty Kabob...it was a strange Twilight Zone of inactivity. Everyone and their mother was next door at Pita Jungle, but just because there are a lot of people there doesn't mean it's any good, just that they prefer to flock toward mediocrity, like sheep, or lemmings.Halfway through the meal, I was thinking about flocking too. Although the hummus came with olives, chopped tomatoes and herbs, it was a bit bland overall. The pitas were warm and delicious though, and the combination of hummus and flat bread helped keep the reckapotamus banished to the depths. It was a generous portion for two, but I found myself munching on it just to pass the time until our lunches came, not because it was exceptionally well done.So I wasn't ravenous when my meal arrived, but I was certainly looking forward to some good eats. Alas, the chicken schwarma pita sandwich delivered the same mediocre impression. The chicken was overly dry and not well seasoned, and again, the pita was the star of the dish. I didn't have the Persian ice cream this time, but I have in the past. It's fairly cheap and delicious, so if any of you out there are interested in trying a flavor that's certainly not of the 31 at Baskin Robbins, give it a whirl. I'm considering giving this place another star based on the ice cream alone...but I can't bring myself to. So consider it a 3.5 star experience overall.I'm just glad the prices were reasonable for lunch, six or seven bucks for a sandwich. Otherwise, I might have felt a bit cheated. The ambiance was lacking as well, with generic cafeteria type seating (as stated before), and the service as attentive but awkward since we were the only people in there, so that leaves the food alone to shine. And the food isn't squeaking out any more stars from me.
5	Clearly one of the best Persian restaurants in AZ. The food is fresh and quite delicious. The prices are great too.The owners are really nice too!
5	My friend Dean turned me on to Tasty Kabob.  Everything is great about this restaurant
4	This private little Persian eatery serves up some fresh, albeit traditional, fare along with a healthy dose of friendly service. The hummus was good full of nutty, lemony goodness but was overshadowed by the garlicky goodness of the eggplant dip. I called it baba-ghanouj but the owners insisted on eggplant dip. I sat at the bar and the service was prompt and polite except that the conversation was steered political by the owner, a direct violation of bar stool rules and a slight affront to myself ,a former barman. Who isn't talking politics these days? Any way, they did gouge me on a couple rum and cokes for my friend at $8 a pop. The beers were OK. This was strictly an AA meeting- alcohol and appetizers.  Next, we tried the grape leaves, a straight-forward staple at places like this. We finished up with some tabbouleh and the special pickles which were really good dipped in the hummus.  I will say we went on a Friday and it was dead, Pita Jungle was way busier in the same shopping center so the price range might be a little high for students. However the meeting went as planned and I left happy.  Check it out then head over to the hookah bar across the parking lot.
3	Decided to try this place out, when we got there we were the only occupied table, the service we got did not fit that situation. But, the three stars is more about the food than the service, if it was including the service it would be more like 2 stars. Started out with hummus and was disappointed by the very small portion.  Not even enough for 4 people to share more than one dip. Which seemed strange  when the rest of their portions were too large. But the meals were pretty tasty. The rice portions are huge, and so were the sandwiches. My eggplant plate tasted better the next day as leftovers. The cheesecake slice was also large enough to share with everyone, mango was a nice flavor, but it was frozen at some parts which didn't appeal to me.
2	Seasoned well, but dry.  Take a kabob, go to Pita Jungle and drown it in tahini and taziki.  Now that's good inter-restaurant ideating.
3	Took Mom and myself here twice, and it's always empty save one or two tables, each with one or two patrons seated.  We tried the lamb kabobs, with veggies and rice, and hummus; We were not impressed.  The atmosphere/decor is nice and it's quiet, so it's a good place to take a date or friends and family if comfort, pretty setting, and the ability to hear each other are important.  One delicious treat that should not be missed is the homemade pistachio and rosewater ice cream!!  My mother, a very picky eater and hard to please, speaks of this not-too-sweet sweet treat often.  I'm actually feeling guilty that I haven't brought her back here.  We'll give the food another go- if it's another miss, we can always have our entrees at nearby Pita Jungle or the wonderful Haji-Baba, and then head over here for the delicious ice cream (it comes with these cute and tasty sugar cookies that add a nice crunch to the treat)!
4	I have been coming to this place to fulfill my Persian cravings since I moved to Arizona. It is a bit pricey unless you go for lunch but one thing I can say is that it is worth it. The joojeh kabob (cornish hen) and the bargs (chicken and filet) are always very well marinated, tender, and never dry or tough. Each dish comes with a great helping of hot rice which I also love. The cucmber yogurt dip is a must. Love this place, worth the extra dollar if you want a great Persian treat for yourself.
5	Tasty Kabob is one of my all time favorites. This is a great place for veggie folks to get a wonderful meal when you are out with omnivores. You wouldn't think something as simple as some skewered veggies and basmati rice could be so amazing but IT IS. I even had my bridal shower here.. and my college graduation lunch.. I cant' recommend it highly enough.
4	The first thing I'll remark upon is that Tasty Kabob has the most fabulous saffron ice cream ever!  I have tried several types of different ice creams like green tea and nattou (fermented soy bean) and have gotten close to lobster ice cream (in Bar Harbor), but have never tried the delicious freshness of this nutty, flavorful treat.I am not really fond of the name of this restaurant but it is what it is-- a tasty kabob.  And so, that's we ate.  At the start of our meal, we had some wonderful caffeine-free tea (chamomile, I believe), which was brought out in a steaming pot and was perfect.  Lovely for two girlfriends who hadn't seen each in three years and needed a good chat.  We shared a stuffed grape leaf appetizer and I must say that I have never been disappointed by them.  The tzatiki type sauce was yummy, too.  For dinner, my friend had the lamb kabob and I enjoyed the cornish hen kabob.  I was a little saddened that her lamb was a bit tough and that mine came as hen on the bone, but the dinners were cooked farely well.  They also came with generous portions of rice and salad.  As I was eating my hens, I incessantly dipped the meat into the tzatiki; they needed something more.The waitress was very attentive and the decor was attractive.  Again, I think the name and the huge sign out front were a little corny, but good Middle Eastern food is hard to find and I think Tasty Kabob does a fine attempt at it.
5	I happened to stumble on this place because of yelp! You cant help but notice the hustle bustle at pita jungle and feel sorry for them when there is this amazing gem next door!Fresh, Delicious Iranian Food! I have tried their koobideh, vegetarian sandwich, and some mezzes.I highly recommend trying them out, and I cant wait to go back again, that koobideh is to KILL for :)
5	Please give this place a try when you're making your next stop at Pita Jungle. This restaurant seems to be very underrated and overlooked. We went on a Wednesday night around 7:30pm and it was empty while Pita Jungle was packed. Just the two of us on the patio, which was very nice. The interior and atmosphere are great. Nice tables & chairs, candles, shelves with wine bottles and art, and a very nice bar.An Iranian family owns the restaurant and cooks everything themselves. That's the first sign of a high-quality establishment. They were incredibly nice to us and brought us whatever we needed. They gave us some good suggestions, like their Iced Black Tea, which is fantastic. It has a few other elements to it including Lavender. They brought us extra pita when we ordered some appetizers as well without us even asking.For our appetizers, we tried the hummus and the tabooli. The hummus was very creamy but a little plain. We wished there was more flavor or spice to it. Not a big deal. That was the only part of our meal that was not 5 stars, but 4 stars. The tabooli....ridiculous. I've never been a fan of tabooli. It usually has too much parsley. But their version was balanced perfectly.For an entree, I tried the Chicken Shawarma and we split a side of Basmati rice with saffron. A huge plate of rice with great seasoning. The saffron and olive oil gave the fluffy rice great texture. The Shawarma was fresh and delicious. The chicken was cooked and seasoned nicely.For dessert, we tried the Persian vanilla ice cream with rose water and saffron as well as the Baghlava. The ice cream was some of the best we've had. Great flavor. The Baghlava was a great complement to the ice cream. A nice sweetness from the honey and the flaky dough was great.So in summary, great atmosphere, great owners, out-of-this-world food, and very affordable. Everything we had came to about $32. We will return many times in the future because their menu is very promising. Just wish their name fit the type of place that it is. The current name makes it sound like just another Middle Eastern restaurant, which it definitely is not.
4	Just went there this past Saturday and was impressed with the food and atmosphere. The only sad thing was how empty it was - both for the owners (who are very nice) and the people that are missing out on it. By comparison, Pita Jungle next door was packed and I seriously doubt the food is any cheaper or better, not to mention the atmosphere. We had a bunch of appetizers and ordered the koobideh as a side item - it was a lot of food. The persian salad and the hummus were both huge, enough for 3 people at least. It was fresh and delicious - try it, you'll be glad you did!
5	I've been craving good old Persian Food---The owners have always been very kind and generous-- genuinely inviting you into their restaurant to enjoy some great food. I got the koobideh plate to go alongside some grilled chicken and veggie skewers. The koobideh  for some reason was slightly dry this time around but the chicken was perfect...I will miss this place when I move to chicago
5	Three words: Persian Ice cream......   The best of the best and I don't even like typical ice cream but I CRAVE this one!  Staff is amazing they make you feel like you are right in their home cooking for just you!  Need I say more...
4	While the name of the place which seems to imply that this is a run-of-the-mill Middle Eastern food place, its far from that. It's a cozy, elegant (not luxuriously elegant, but elegant nonetheless) restaurant with friendly service and tasty yet inexpensive food. It's definitely a place where I would bring visiting guests to eat when I show them around Tempe.
4	Took the family for a middle eastern treat and wasn't disappointed. Ordered  Lamb, Beef and Chicken Kabobs served family style with some nice roasted vegetables and very fragrant Basmati rice. The Hummus appetizer was great as well. Ended the visit with a round of their Persian ice cream and it was great ! I believe we were served by the owner, a patient gentlemen took good care of us.  We will be back.
4	Ok so I had just arrived in Tempe and was staying at the Days Inn across the street. Someone recommended that Iunch at PJs. Well I, new and innocent, went to PJs where it was bustling! It took forever for someone to come to my table (actually I waited over 5 minutes and the waitress never came), so I left. And I walked the plaza and ran into the lovely Tasty Kabob. Let's just say I've never looked back. I've eaten here 4 times and all 4 times have been nothing but great! Hummus, saffron ice cream, bean soup, pitas, and I love the mom and popness of it all---truly gracious owners and down to earth wait staff. Really love the authentic Persian cuisine!!! I prefer to sit out on the patio and you know this place seems to attract a really friendly set of people! Seems to be a shared sentiment---sad that PJ's overflows while tables sit empty at this little gem. Give it a try for an authentic Persian dining experience. I miss independent restaurants like this and I'm happy to have found this one. I think I might go there now actually. Lunch?
4	Originally headed to Tempe to go to Haji Baba - but they only do takeout on Sundays and we were looking for a sit down lunch. Pulled out the trusty iPhone and found this place as an alternative. It's a shame that now I'll probably never have Haji Baba with this place being right up the street. My girlfriend and I each had the vegetarian platter with hummus, eggplant borany and tabbouleh. The hummus was average, the tabbouleh was above average, and the borany was OH MY GOD amazing! I don't know exactly what it is and I don't need to know - all that matters is that it's delicious. It's the perfect creamy texture with a garlicky eggplant flavor. It also came with a dollop of yogurt and figs (I think...it was some kind of creamy mayonnaise looking sauce and shreds of something tasty.) Service was attentive and polite - not a single eye roll or sigh when I repeatedly asked for cups of ice. One dining out pet peeve of mine - they have soda cans (seriously...my work cafeteria has a soda fountain - it can't be that difficult/expensive to maintain) and I couldn't quite get my drink cold enough. Portions were big enough to share (we know for next time) so we took our leftovers home and had a pita picnic for dinner that night. Worth the drive from downtown Phoenix.
4	For one single reason...attention was awesome!!! We were a group of more than 10 and they made a great job taking our orders and helping us to pay. Food tasted really good, every body left with a happy face and some, we had to ask a box as portions were a bit more than expected. I had a lamb kabob and it was really delicious!!
4	Persian food... marinated meats...mmmmmmmmTry the soltani - one skewer each of koobideh (ground beef) and barg (pieces of filet mignon). Along with the accompanying basmati rice, it's an extremely satisfying meal. And if you want a different take on stews, try their ghormeh sabzi. Absolutely delicious! Their shirazi salad and humus make great starters. I was introduced to this place 17 years ago by a girlfriend. Well, she's ancient history but, thankfully, Tasty Kabob isn't.
5	Excellent Persian cuisine!  From the tender, tasty and juicy flame broiled chicken to the creamy, sweet and aromatic Persian ice cream (homemade with rose water, pistachio pieces, and honey), this place does it right.  No complaints whatsoever, including the service, which others have had concerns about.  Other dishes we tried included the lamb shank with basmati mixed with lima beans and dill weed and tadig (crispy rice) topped with sabzi (green vegetable and dried lime beef stew).  We got adventurous and tried the yogurt soda as well.  Everyone agreed this was a 5-star experience.
5	Absolutely fantastic food!  If you've been to Pita Jungle and want something a little more authentic to middle eastern region, than you'll love Tasty Kabob.  My wife and I lived fairly close to the restaurant so we would take-out at least once a week.  My personal favorite is the beef and lamb kabob, and my wife would almost order the Greek Salad w/Gyro Meat.  The food tastes fresh, and they don't over do it with spices and salt.The service is always great and you'll most likely have the owner of the restaurant serve you.  We liked this place so much that my wife and I did our rehearsal dinner there.  Oh yeah, did I mention that the food is very inexpensive!If your in the mood for middle eastern cuisine and are on a budget, be sure to stop in!
4	Persian Cuisine has a special place in my belly.  I love middle eastern food when it is done right.Tasty Kabob is a paradise for vegetarians and carnivores, and I often visit this place in the unnatural company of each.  It is a sit-down restaurant, the service is good, and they have take out if you are staying in.All three of their stews are fantastic, and everything I have ever eaten there has been a delight.
5	Great food!! The Tadiq is my fav. Love the Cornish Hen also. The kabob and steak kabob are awesome!! Yummy !!!
4	Tasty Kabob well surpassed my expectations!!  i walked in and it was exactly like the previous reviews had said about it...desolate and quiet and yes the almighty Pita Jungle (which is right next door) was much more busy. Not sure which one of these establishments was here first but these two places RIGHT next door to each other are for sure rivals. Tasty kabob is a family owned restaurant though, and the quality and taste of the food completely represents that. Everything was freaking delicious. Let me break it down for ya right quick folks::ATMOSPHERE: place is decorated really nice inside, perfect place for an intimate dinner. They had Persian music playing as well which i loved. The decorations, music and food all flowed together wonderfully.SERVICE: top notch. The owners are their walking around (i assume it's them..you know they give off that owner-y- vibe) and our waitress was just a little basket of knowledge and sunshine!FOOD: hummus was one of the best i have had. Menu is fairly large and honestly everything looked good. We had the chicken kabob and steak kabob and the meat was REALLY tender and flavorful. Order came with a MASSIVE amt of yummy rice. (also have the option doing 1/2 rice and 1/2 salad if you desire). They also did a special order for me which was not on the menu. wanted a special vegetable Kabob and they whipped it up just to my liking.. gotta love that! didn't have room for the ice-cream but hear its delish!DRINK: wine and beer- nice selectionPRICE: reasonable. Two people, $52. pretty good for apps, two drinks and two entrees. give this underrated place some of your time one day if you happen to be in the area, i highly doubt that you will be disappointed.
3	I had the Kabob Special $31 which comes with 3 different meats.. and lots of Rice.  My favorite kabob was the Chicken,  The other two were meat Barg and koobideh which I thought were a bit dry but still tasty.  The Rice was very good.  I had a side of Hummus that came with Pita, I felt this was bit generic in flavor.  I Also, ordered the BAGHLAVA sweet $2 which felt like a crispy funnel cake with pieces of churro topped with  maple syrup, not bad but a lil too sweet for my taste.  I Also tried the Persian Ice cream which came with a small wafer and was a unique flavor which I enjoyed..  Would not return as I had better Persian food but surely works for the local craving of Persian.
3	So i have some friends in AZ but none of them wanted to hang so I ended up hear . The pizza is like the size of Jacksonville ,Fl (largest city per sq ft. in the U.S.)it takes like 10 min to eat one slice .
1	Went to TK specifically to try the pistachio ice cream. They were out. Then I asked what other dessert I could try instead (read: I want to spend money in your establishment), I was told I could only get dessert if I ordered other food as well. And they promptly lost a potential customer for this inane rule.
4	Oh Tasty Kabob, I wish you were closer to where I live.  I have been going to this place since 2005, my husband and I used to be there at least twice a month.  Now with the twins, it is a lot harder to take such a long trip.  I cannot have enough of the Fesenjan, it is a delicious stew, the complexity of flavors is amazing, we always have it with chicken.  Another item we always order is the Tadig, ahh, its crunchiness is magnificent.  I am salivating just thinking about it.  And one item you should never miss is the persian ice cream.  My husband has to order his own, I won't share.
4	I have been coming here for years. The iced tea is out of this world and I would come here just for that. Spicy beans for an appetizer always pleases my husband. The kabobs have been a little tough here and therebut not so tough you can't eat them. I love the Barg and the Gourmet Sobzy.Persian basmati rice is one of the wonders of the world and Tasty Kabob makes it so well that even my husband the non rice eater cleans his plate here.Topping things of with persian ice cream always ends the night with a smile.You can also take a bag of tea home with you to brew your own which is awesome. Ask the owner what the chef mixes in it to make it taste so good. She told me but I can't remember beyond.. I love it.There is rarely a wait here and always clean.The more we go, the more I want to return.This is a must try for those who like to try new types of food but great also if you bring a stick in the mud that likes meat and potatoes.  You will get rice instead but I gaurantee even a cowboy will love the Barg.
5	This place truly has some unique made from scratch food that I just absolutely love. The Fesenjan (look it up) is one of my favorite dishes!! The amount of hummus they give for the price is great.Amazingly enough my 14 year old enjoys eating here just as much as I do, and pleasing a teenager is never an easy thing.
3	Let me clarify, the 3 star rating is only because of the lack of too many vegetarian options. I say this bcs with the kind of food they serve they can easily pull off other good veggie options like their competitors. I was forced to order an appetizer for dinner when I was so hungry, for the lack of options and a side of saffron rice, which wasn't as good as say med fresh grill or Phoenician cafe! My friends absolutely loved their meat dishes, but love to c some better veggie options. Like the name suggests, I m sure u guys can make tasty veggie kabobs if u can :) the pistachio ice cream was good. Check the photos section for some pics I posted. But the service was good and the owners were very nice to us too, maybe bcs we were in a big group and seems like they felt we were from some review team, hence the extra love(maybe? :p). They were also keen on splitting the check without much fuss, even though they screwed up a few checks, maybe bcs we were in a big group.One of my biggest pet peeves is when servers come to take away your bowl of food before you are done eating, agreed there were only some tiny scraps in there, but that is always uncalled for. Happened here but no biggie. As I said the rating is solely for lack of too many veggie options
3	Lamb and rice.  Not bad but surely nothing special.  Rice and lamb bland.  Onion mostly raw.  About $20 a piece.  Not sure that it doesn't deserve a mere two...
1	If your business says you are open until 9:30pm, then you should be taking customers.  If not, lock your doors.  We arrived at 9:15pm and asked if food was being served as we could sense a hesitation in the greeting.  She went to "check".  Afterwards, another woman came out (the head honcho) and told us, "We can serve you, but you'd have to be out by 10:30 (with a straight face and looked us in the eye).  My friend looked at me to see what I was thinking.  I was already on my way out the door.  That was highly disrespectful.  There is a way to talk to people.  Just say your kitchen is closed.  I don't tolerate ANY level of disrespect from ANY establishment.  So maybe your business is doing THAT well that you feel you don't need new customers.  (I don't think any business is is in that position, especially nowadays).  I don't care what you're serving up in there, no thanks.  There are way too many places to eat...pause.
5	I love Tasty Kabob!  Their food is always excellent, and I try to make it back there whenever I return to the Valley.  I always order their chicken shish kabob entree, which comes in a generous portion that includes rice and grilled vegetables.  The chicken is always tender, well-marinated, and equally well-seasoned.  Their beef shish kabob entree is also very good. Try shaking a little sumac spice onto the rice and meat for some extra flavor, or just enjoy it as is.  It's difficult to choose from their list of appetizers and side dishes, but their hummus is always creamy and smooth, and I love their shirazi salad.  Their spicy beans dish, however, is, by far, my personal favorite, and I always make sure to order it.  Just as important as the food is the friendly service I encounter whenever I visit.  The couple who own the restaurant always make you feel welcome.  Good food and service that makes you feel at home, what more can you ask for?  Simply put, Tasty Kabob is one of the best.
5	THE very best Persian food and service in Tempe! With 25 years experience this restaurant's reputation certainly speaks for itself! The care and attention to detail in food, service and customer satisfaction is above and beyond.  Surely, a place that family and friends will love and a staple for Tempe's foodie culture as well.  There's not an item on the menu that isn't worth trying. And when you try something you;ll be sure to want to return soon, for more.  Especially the dessert....If you have a keen palate w/ a sweet tooth, then the homemade Persian ice cream or the homemade cheese cake awaits your inevitable order. Do yourself a favor and try it. Don't be afraid to ask questions about the menu either, the staff is very knowledgeable and the owners are very warm, friendly people as well!P.S. Lunches are very busy so before arned &/or call ahead to reserve!
5	we started with the cucumber, tomato, onion and parsley salad which was amazing. it was super fresh and so tasty. our waitress told us they don't chop the veggies until someone orders it. i had a chicken kabob (some of the best chicken i've had in...maybe ever) and an onion kabob. freaking so good. the onion was nice and charred and it was so much food.my sister had the chicken kabob with the basmati rice that had the berries on top. she said it was ridiculously good.by far some of the freshest food and most flavorful food i've had in awhile!
4	Delicious ... and you have to try the ice cream :)
1	I just got a take out from here, the Beef Kabob. There is a reason I get take out,  I can't cook. But I darn sure could have cooked this one. I got white rice (Uncle Bens?), some meat that had been cooked on the grill straight from the cow, no spices / sauces or anything extravagant lke that, and a half onion that might have passed over the grill on the way to my takeout box.A hint of yellow coloring that may have been either saffron or crayon, I'm not sure. It sure looked pretty but didn't taste like anything.$18 bucks after take out tip, I wish I'd just gone to Wendy's.
4	I thought this place was very good and its a nice change of pace from my usual eats which is mainly Italian food. It has a nice atmosphere and good service, the kabobs were delicious along with the rice. I will certainly go back again and leave with a happy full belly too.
3	Not a bad lunch spot.  Had the Chelo Kebab Koobideh plate and paid the upcharge to have Baghala Polo (a delicious rice pilaf with dill and lima beans) with it instead of plain white rice and wished I hadn't.  The dill rice tasted mediocre and the whole time I ate, I was hardcore eyeing the platters that went by with white rice and salad.  Would definitely order differently next time.  We also had the hummus, which was perfectly tasty, but nothing to write home about.  My lunch companions who ordered sandwiches received a side dish of bagged potato chips, which seemed both superfluous and budget.  The Frank Sinatra and Rat Pack-esque music playing in the background was also a little odd.  Although I did like my meal for the most part, I'd probably visit one of my other favorite Persian spots in the valley for dinner service instead of here.
4	Excellent, excellent food! Corny, Corny name!  But I forgive them. I could tell by the wonderful aroma of limu Omani (dried limes) that it would be good. I don't know if Tempe knows how good you have it, or maybe you do, but from the tadig and khoresh to the aash, Tasty Kabob is truly authentic Persian food.  If you're looking for good inexpensive thing to try, have the tadig and khoresh with ghormeh sabzi for only $6.50. It can be your meal. Plus the fun of tadig is that you can use it like chips to pick up your savory khoresh.Why isn't this place in DC???  Aargh! Ah, well at least I found it and enjoyed it. Just like home cooking.
4	Visited Tasty Kabob on the recommendation of a coworker and was pleasantly surprised.  Started the meal off with the stuffed grape leaves and some hummus.  The grape leaves were stuffed very plump and proved to be just as delicious as they looked.  There were 8 total and I definitely rank them a great "bang for the buck" as an appetizer.  The hummus was good, just good.  A little bland and a little thinner than my liking and I wasn't too overwhelmed with the portion size.  My lunch entree was the Gyro Platter, which was literally phenomenal.  The oversized plate seemed almost too small to contain the generous portion sizes provided.  The platter came loaded with a generous portion of fresh, dressed salad greens (more of a spring mix), a huge portion of long grain rice topped with some saffron infused rice.  The gyro meat was a mix of lamb and beef, shaved thinly and folded alongside some seasoned onions and tomatoes.  What impressed me the most is that, for once, the meat was NOT dried out, as I have found in most Middle Eastern restaurants.  All this for less than $25 (two appetizers and an entree).  The seating was good, the music was very good and the service was great (perfect timing and very accommodating).   Overall, this is an easy recommend if your looking for good food & good service at a reasonable price.
4	I came to this restaurant thinking... Hmm... this is the place that doesn't have as much traffic coming and going as the neighboring Mediterranean restaurant that I enjoyed so much..... Something must be wrong with THIS place.  But, because I organize a monthly "World Tour Lunch" group, I wanted to go to this particular restaurant because it is an Iranian restaurant...  Not a surprise,  it seems like each one of us ordered some form of a kabob/combination plate.  I also ordered the veggie soup, Aash, and the Baklava.  I was so surprised to find that the food in this restaurant tasted so good.  I enjoyed every bite of the tender and succulent chicken and the lamb.  And of course, the objective of most of us who are doing the tour is to also try each other's food, and I enjoyed the samplings of other folks food too.So, I've come to this conclusion, this place has to be the best kept secret in Tempe!  I can't see how people will walk pass Tasty Kabob and go to the neighboring establishment  when this food is awesomely fantastic and prepared by a talented kitchen.  In addition to the the food, I was so very happy with the service!  Any place that willingly accommodates my strange requests for lettuce in place of rice/pasta in their dishes is generally okay with me.
5	Their food is exactly what I would expect from a Persian Restaurant. It is authentic and done very well. I have been coming here for over 11 years and the owners have always been very friendly and open to my friends, family and coworkers. There are other Persian food restaurants in the valley but none match the "Local Feel" that you will get here. It is very quiet at times and they have a variety of music from french, spanish to of course persian playing the background. I must include that I am not of any Persian or Middle Eastern decent and they have always been willing to explain what the menu items are and are more than willing to share their wonderful culture with anyone.Check out the pictures on the wall and you will also see a number of famous folk that eat here on a regular basis.Thank you Tasty Kabob for being so wonderful! See you again soon.
3	+ Mango Juice | Portion Sizes- Price | No Sauce for the combo dish | Had much better persian in bay area/cali20 dollars for a very scantly seasoned combo dish and a juice is a bit muchMaybe I ordered wrong but I will be back to try the other stuff
4	Nice music, lighting. Indoors and outdoors seating. Waiters stood around like secret service agents. Food had slight char, but otherwise delicious. Would recommend my friends.
1	We went there with high hopes & but got disappointment.Many of the items had just rice with charred vegetables without any spice. Even meat items had no taste. We felt it too costly for the quality we got.Desserts were okay.
5	Awesome food! I may have given it a 5 star because I was hungry, but the food is just so good!  I couldn't try the ice cream since I am so stuffed!  I shall return when job takes me back to Tasty Kabob!
5	Excellent food, very nice service and awesome music and nice desert. We tried both chicken and lamb entries, they are cooked to perfection and very tasty. Joojeh kabob is my favorite and game hen tenderness is excellent for kabob. The homemade dough, which is a spiced butter milk is very tasty. Aash, Persian soup is excellent. There are lot of restaurant's in the valley should learn from these people how to serve the food, they are second to none. The Persian ice cream is a must try.
2	Average overpriced food, relatively slow service...  located next to pita jungle I give the owners credit for being there that long watching pita junle getting busier while tasty kabob is completely empty. Nerves of steel for sure lol  plenty of better options out there for med food just look on yelp....Also if your vegieterrian good luck, litle to no options...Lower you prices and improve your quality tasty kabob med food is not a novelty anymore like back in the 80'.
5	One of the best Kabob restaurant in AZI ordered Chicken Sulatani plate it so delicious. It is a chiken kabob and beef kofta with Basmati rice and union. YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS PLATEGreat serviceGreat placeBut its price is a little bit expensive
5	One of the best middle eastern restaurants in town, and the beef kobaidah kabob is extremely delicious and juicy that melts in your mouth. I could never have enough of it
5	I really like this place. I am from Los Angeles where we have the best Persian food. Coming to AZ has been VERY disappointing. I guess because Persian restaurants here lack competition they can slack in flavor and quality. BUT NOT HERE. This ranks on the top of my list for Persian food here. The owners are so friendly and everything is fresh and tastes good. WAY BETTER than the Persian Room in Scottsdale. If you don't believe me, go try their food. Also they make homemade Persian ice cream that is phenomenal. I will be back!
4	Enjoyed the food and the service. Chicken kabob was tasty and basic but really good. Gyro plate super delish don't pass it up. Only regret we ate too much for dessert!
5	My new favorite Persian restaurant!! My mom, sister, and I came here for lunch and I'm glad we did. We were greeted by a nice older gentleman and we were seated outside. He warned us of bees, but my sister wanted to enjoy the weather since she is visiting from NY.Onto the food. My mom ordered the lab kabab with half rice half salad, which was delicious! I don't really like lamb, but this didn't taste bad at all. My sister got the koobideh plate, which she loved. And I for the chicken kabab with koobideh plate. I don't usually like koobideh either because it has too many flavors but theirs was amazing. It has the perfect amount of spies and it's soooooo juicy! Yum! The chicken was amazing too. It was so tender and juicy. It was perfectly grilled too. The only thing that was "eh" was the rice. I'm picky about rice. The house doogh was excellent. I love doogh! And for dessert, we got the faloodeh, which we weren't charged for because they had run out of a full serving. But it was delicious! So sweet! So good. The service was great. The prices are good especially for how much food you are getting.This place isn't as nice as Persian Room, but the food is much much better.
5	I just had lunch with a friend at Tasty Kabob and did it ever deliver on taste!We both had chicken kabobs with salad skipping the rice for the calorie savings. Honestly at $6.50 for the quality & quantity of food was amazing. The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning. Delish!! The service was excellent and there were only a hand full of tables being used. For some reason next door Pita Jungle was packed and I can't image why? There food is ok,very trendy tho. There is a menu outside, but it is so formal looking. They need to get a sign posted outside stating that "lunch specials starting at $6.50" that would get the folks in the door. If you truly like good food...get over to this place and give it a try....excellent!
5	One of the ONLY Persian restaurants where the Rice to Kabob ratio is a very close 50/50 and they make the Maast-o-Moosir from real shallots, not diced white radishes and garlic powder.On a mission to review every Persian restaurant in California and around it's borders, I discovered Tasty Kabob. I've eaten here many years ago but have forgotten about it untill I went back with a friend of mine who lives in Phoenix.Tasty Kabob Is not a fancy restaurant, the owners spend their time and energy creating good quality, authentic food. The yogurt is thick & Maast-o-Moosir Is made fresh, daily. The quality of meat is always exceptional & the Barg Kabob always comes perfectly cooked. Juicy, tender, yet slightly crunchy on the upper 'crust'. It's just absolutely fantastic!I had lunch here many times over the years and never been disappointed.
4	This place has great food but the prices are a little on the expensive side and the wait staff stand around as though they're prison guards watching you.
5	I've been there numerous times now, and I am always amazed at just how good the food is.  Huge portions, wonderfully seasoned.  I get the chicken barg soltani and it is amazing. It comes with rice and a salad (or just rice if you prefer).  We always start our meal with some tadiq with gheimeh bademjan.  Making good tadiq is an art form, one which this place has mastered.  The yogurt salad (yogurt with cucumbers and mint) is stand-alone delicious, but I prefer to have it on my food.  And for dessert try the Persian ice cream.If you've never had Persian food you are missing out on some wonderful meals.  There are numerous vegetarian dishes, also.  Give this place a try - you won't be disappointed.
1	Persian food is known for subtle, well crafted delicious  food. Tasty kabab fails off the bat. This place used to be one of the best in Phoenix when it opened. It has changed hands many times and getting worst. Besides the sub par food, the tired decor and bad service make a visit to this place a mistake. When I asked the owner for my tea, she even snarled and said when she gets done with her paperwork. By the way, the tea was never delivered. There are many better Persian restaurant choices
4	The food here is really good here. The staff is friendly and the place has a nice ambiance. The Chicken Sish Kabob is recommended. You can have your food with saffron rice or salad or half and half (both). The salad is absolutely delicious!A little warning about the Persian ice cream though. It is vanilla with pistachio bits, saffron and rose wash so it will taste like you're eating perfume. If you are not into unusual tasting food, then don't order this. If you have an adventurous side and want to try this, I can say that after 3-4 bites of this ice cream, the perfume taste gradually becomes less noticeable. Cheers!
4	I really enjoy the food here. The service is a little slow, but the food is yummy!
5	Of all the middle eastern restaurants we have tried this is the best.  The flavors of the food were great.  The meat and chicken were very high quality.  Try the special rice (polo) dishes, especially the one with barberries.  My favorite was the lamb kabobs.  If you get a plate with rice and salad (you can get all rice but it would be a lot of rice) ask for the salad on a separate plate.  It is a very good salad with excellent quality greens and an Italian type of dressing.The Persian ice cream was great.  Baklava is different from other versions but really good.  The eggplant appetizer was also very good.This is clearly a family run place and this is a very welcoming and gracious family.  Service was wonderful.  We had a great experience.
5	Came in from Toronto where we have lots of Persian restaurants. This place is hands down the best. Better than any Persian restaurant I've ever been to. The prices are amazing too. Under $10 for a hefty filling meal. Try the lamb shank. It's amazeballs.
5	Yummy in my tummy. It tasteD fresh and flavorful. Great customer service AND the happy hour price is great..
4	In search of similar and different cultured tastes, I came across this place. Walked in for a late lunch. Ordered the Chicken Shish Kabob Soltani with grilled onions, tomatoes and salad and a side of rice for $16.95 as a lunch price since it was a weekend. Plenty for leftovers. Another good dish is the Chicken and filet combo dish for $15.95.
1	Worst service ever, the manager was angry and screaming and was being very rude when we asked her about the meals, never going there again, she was screaming at all the waitresses.
5	The restaurant is superclean and the atmosphere is fantastic. The food is the real start here. I've been coming to this restaurant for number of years and the food is always great. Over the years I've tried number of different things on the menu and I've never been disappointed. My favorite is the Soltani.
5	I'm new to Persian cuisine but I truly enjoyed my visit and meal here! We ate dinner around 7:30PM so it was dark outside and the restaurant had mood lighting. The appetizer, Spicy Beans, was tasty and satisfying! The portions were generous and the service was first-rate! We didn't have room for the Persian ice cream so we will try that next time! The establishment was clean and they play Persian music.They have a full bar and outdoor seating.I will be back! A solid 5 stars!
5	Knowledgeable wait staff, a filet mignon skewer, and really nice music made for a wonderful first visit.  I'm guessing I'll start frequenting this place.  I noticed sabzi on the menu, which I haven't had in a long time....
4	Family run, excellent meal, quiet restaurant, good wine.  Excellent hummus. Had the filet and lab kabobs. Meat was very tender and well seasoned.
5	As a frequent visitor to the greater Phoenix/Scottsdale area, this is can't miss spot for me.  I have been eating here for about 10 years with no complaints.  I can't find something on the menu I haven't tried and loved.   I wish I liked closer to make this my go-to spot.  This is a local family owned business, unlike most restaurants nowadays.  The couple works the kitchen and the dining room everyday they are open to bring traditional home cooked meals.  As I spend half my life in airports, it is a refreshing change.  I have spent many hours speaking to them as a solo diner and can't wait to see them next time I am in town.  Make sure to leave plenty of room as the portions are large and you will want to devour all of it.  The "barg" is actually beef filet that is cut to small pieces, so it is super tender and flavorful.  So while the price might look high, its for top quality meat.  Leave room for Persian ice cream, as it is not like any flavor you have ever tried.  I routinely bring customers here for dinner because of the inviting atmosphere, great food and excellent service.  I even have many of my customers returning without me and thanking me for introducing them to this restaurant and Persian food.  The only place I know to get better Persian food is in my mom's kitchen... but that is on the other side of the country.    Stop by and say hello to the owners for me.  If you start a conversation with them, they will treat you like family!
1	Bad service. Cold food. Not even a smile from the servant or the owner lady. We asked her to warm the food for us and she started complaining about our request saying "don't you see how hot it is?" OH HELLO it doesn't matter, coz we didn't like the way it feels when you provided it. Finally we had to wait for 15 minutes for the check even though we asked for it. The the ugly servant came with the check and just dropped it on the table without even being polite to some extends. Totally not recommended restaurant. You could find a better place for the price you gonna pay here with bad service.Waste of mood. Waste of time. Waste of money.
5	The food was very good and the portions were generous.  We got the meal for two and took food home.  The hummus was delish..  Prices were very reasonable as well.
