1	My friend and I stopped in for lunch yesterday.  We had called our order in ahead 30 minutes so our pizza would be ready as we had only 20 minutes to eat.  Besides the pizza we had also ordered a salad.  The person who took our phone order said "no problem" when asked if our order would be ready on time.Well, when we got there, the pizza was still in the oven and the salad wasn't ready either.  Not that the place was busy, there were only two other parties dining at the time.  There was a high school kid working the front counter and after he took our money, he apologized for the delay and scurried to the kitchen to make our salad......we could see the entire kitchen from the front counter as there's a big opening in the wall.While my buddy and I were standing at the front counter, we observed the kid pull some lettuce bins out of the cooler and place them on a table next to where he was going to prepare the salad.  WITHOUT washing his hands OR putting rubber gloves on, he put his bare hands into the lettuce bin and grabbed a couple fistfulls of salad and tossed them into the plastic salad container.  My friend freaked out - she hollered back into the kitchen for the kid to stop immediately - she told the kid he had violated just about every health code there is.  That was it for us....we had seen enough of this new place.  We asked for our money back and headed down the street to McDonald's.  No pizza for us yesterday!
1	I really, really wanted to like this pizzeria.  The first time we ordered pizza from Jimmy & Joes, there was barely any pepperoni on it.  Hoping it was an oversight by a new Ahwatukee business, we ordered again and mentioned the lack of pepperoni on our first order.  They apologized and said they would pass the message along.  A lot of good that did - pretty sure we had even less pepperoni the second time.  There is absolutely nothing special about this pizza.  It's expensive (comparable to Spinatos or Oreganos), but the same quality as a fast-food pizza chain.  Save your money and order from Dominos or Papa Johns - they actually taste better.  Want good pizza?  Go to Spinatos or Oreganos.
4	I ordered a thin crust pizza for home delivery last night,.  The staff and delivery person were friendly.  They offer gluten free in the smaller 12 inch size.   I ordered a 16 inch size and found it to have very flavorful and fresh ingredients, conveniently delivered to my house after a busy day.  .  I consider the crust to be more like New York subway zone style pizza.   It was not crisp in any way, not even on the edges. I do enjoy New York style pizzas an this crust seemed like it was hand tossed or home made, which I liked.  If you like crispy crust, this is not the place.  I am not sure what to think of the cheese.  It was either very skimpy and didn't put hardly any on, or they use a different type of cheese that is almost transparent.  I also ordered meatballs on half the pizza and I believe they used small ground meat chunks instead.  If I say meatball, I am picturing an actual full sized ball of meat, sliced up and applied to the pizza.in a pepperoni like fashion.  So what I received was not quite what I had in mind, but still flavorful.  I may return again soon when the mood for soft New York style pizza strikes.
