5	Amazing coaching!  Whether you are a novice or a seasoned athlete you will see results at Crossfit PHX.  I'm not just another member, but rather a part of a community.  I actually know other members by name unlike my old gym!
5	Crossfit PHX is amazing! I've only taken one other crossfit class before, which was almost a year ago. Mycal is an incredible person, and coach. I came to his class with a bunch of friends from work and he took extra time and effort to make sure we were all comfortable and confident in the different work outs. He plays awesome music and does a great job and creating the best possible experience. I HIGHLY recommend CROSSFIT PHX!!!
5	I've been to 3 different CrossFit gyms, this one is the best. PHX has the best programming, the best coaches and the best prices. The coaches at PHX really care, they're always taking that extra step to get you to your goals. My favorite part about PHX would have to be the environment. Everyone at this gym is family!
5	Crossfit PHX is a great box with great coaches. I came to PHX from another box and was impressed by the coaching and opportunities. All levels thrive in this environment. They are always growing and helping their athletes through additional offers like Oly classes and Restorative Mobility. I would definitely recommend Crossfit PHX to anyone looking to start Crossfit, experienced Crossfitters looking for a new box, or for drop-ins.
5	Best Box in Scottsdale! Great atmosphere and great coaches. I've been to a few different boxes in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area, and the level of coaching is by far the best. Highly recommend!
5	I am a devoted hot yoga girl, but decided to give this a whirl. It seemed like everyone was warning me that I'm going to get hurt and that I was a "chiropractor's wet dream." I think so many people have a bad notion about cross fit and injuries. I have gone to 3 classes so far and am absolutely excited to keep going back and stepping up my game. Everyone that works and attends crossfitphx is top notch and super friendly. I have never once felt like they were going to allow me to do something that would cause injury. This place rules!
5	Great gym, great coaches. I moved away and was very sad to leave my PHX friends behind. Worth every penny!
