4	I actually end up spending more time here than I do at my actual apartment. I travel to Charlotte almost weekly for work, and the staff at this hotel is amazing. They are very personable, and extremely accommodating. This is nice to have, since I am rarely home.
5	The rooms are so nice at this place that I am really surprised this hotel is only a 3 star.  It's clean an modern, spacious, and high tech.  50" flat screen in the room, the regular guest room is like a suite, and the internet is free.  Even the check in girl with her obnoxious long painted nails who wouldn't give us a late check out couldn't bring down the experience.
5	We are staying here for four nights with our three young children. This hotel has been one of our best experiences! There is plenty of room for everyone to spread out to sleep, the beds are comfortable, the staff at the front desk are extremely helpful and friendly, and they even have discount carowinds tickets available. I wish there were a few more choices for breakfast but you are definitely getting great value for what you pay for a night here.
5	I just wrote this on Tripadvisor too. I did not love the area and felt it was even a bit far from the airport, which is why I stayed there. ($33 cab ride). Even with all that I am so happy I experienced this place. It could use some renovations, rug cleaning and fix that loud refrigerator, but even with that I'm happy I stayed here. The small fitness room worked well if you only want to do cardio (no weights). The free breakfast I found easy and worked well with my healthy eating with raison bran, non fat milk, oatmeal, and fruit. The coffee was nothing special. So why such a great experience? The staff. I felt so cared for, I got advice on anything I needed from a staff who really gave a damn. That was so refreshing. Whoever does the hiring at this place needs a raise! Job well done. The staff here were a joy to be around, made it all so easy that I didn't have to think or work hard at anything with this stay. For a stranger to this city, I found this to make my business trip simple.
4	Very nice.  Friendly staff all around.  Nice outdoor pool.  Price is about what you would expect.  Great free breakfast.  Has  business and workout rooms.  I would recommend this hotel to anyone.
4	Nice decor. Wonderful hot breakfast bar. Found it interesting that there weren't enough electrical outlets...out of all the outlets only one socket wasn't used by in-room amenities (i.e. lamps, alarm clock, radio, tv). The only complaint is that there was a very small bathroom - the bathroom door barely brushed the toilet when closed.
5	Love it here! Staff so friendly
4	Stayed here for business.  This is one of the older Hyatts, so it's not as updated as the newer hotels but I have to say it was clean, clean, clean! And, the staff were the best group of people I've met who worked at a hotel.  Super friendly.  They actually care that your stay is comfortable.  When you arrive, you get a free drink coupon.  The have a great, free breakfast every morning.  Eggs, sausage, french toast, fresh fruit, hot and cold cereal, pastries, etc.  And, the best part.......it's quiet.  You can't hear your neighbors!!  I would stay here if I had to go back.
4	Stayed here on a road trip from NY,  the staff was so friendly, didn't stay long but it was good
1	Worst experience ever.we made a reservation after they wanted name,phone number,address,email then when we arrived they said both rooms were not available.i asked y didn't they call or use the email they requested they couldn't give a answer.then the wifi wouldn't work called the front desk they said to bring my computer down to the front desk I laughed n told them I just drove 10 hours n I'm not brining my computer to the desk n that they should send someone up here..I mean come on man for $160 a night you deserve better service than this..smh. Never again .next time well stay at a $50 hotel and probably get better service and save money
5	I'm a pretty loyal Marriott Rewards traveler. So why on Earth would I stay at this Hyatt place (multiple times for business) when there are two Marriott options within a stone's throw of this location? Simple - reasonable price and unbelievable service.The rooms and overall facility are clean and well-kept, but the competitive advantage lies in the un-paralleled service. I've stayed several times now, eliminating the "fluke" possibility. There's not a single staff member I've encountered that hasn't convinced me that they truly care about each guest's experience and comfort. I could offer many examples of how each of the staff I've encountered has made a positive impact on my travel. Judging from my observations while at the hotel, it's clear they have many regular guests who I can only imagine have had the same great experiences - greeted by name and expeditiously attended to. The staff seems to truly understand the business traveler; the need for convenience and efficiency,  the exhaustion of navigating a non-home atmosphere, the need for familiarity and a warm smile (not to mention a warm breakfast). What sets this hotel apart is that they address each one - they've focused on nailing each of these key factors in the business traveler's world, and I appreciate the heck out of it.So I now have a Hyatt Rewards card, and I plan to use it whenever I visit Charlotte.
1	@hyattPlace in 25 years of business trips I have never had to leave my hotel room to buy cleaning products to clean my own bathroom. I was checked in to two rooms both with disgusting dirty bathtubs. Told that it was unable to be cleaned and given 4 cookies. I got in my car, drove 4 minutes to a CVS for $3.98 I purchased a Mr Clean Magic Eraser and in 10 minutes in front of a staff member, after having driven 8 hours, I cleaned my own hotel bathroom. Unbelievable. Unbelievably embarrassed for this brand. Hyatt Place is my hotel of choice for business and personal trips and I choose this brand above all else. But having to clean my own bathroom that in addition to being covered with grime and dirt also had human hair is just beyond any bad experience I've ever had. I can not believe that this housekeeping staff could not put 10 min worth if effort into cleaning all these bathrooms. As I understand it all these rooms have the same issue. Someone needs to address this issue. There is no excuse. Hyatt Place Charlotte/Arrowood7900 Forest Point BoulevardCharlotte, NC 28273, US
4	I work out of Indian Land which has 0 hotels at the moment..my next choice would be to stay in Ballantyne which is almost always booked and most of the hotels exceed my daily hotel allowance. The Hyatt is clean, has a bar, good food, fun staff, and most important the rooms are quiet.
4	I have never stayed at a Hyatt Place hotel before, but I will make it a regular chain from now on. on this same trip I stayed at the Hyatt Place in Nashville and both hotels were what every hotel should be. great customer service,  clean room, and a great overall experience!
4	The staff was great, very friendly and whenever there was a problem they did their best to fix it. They serve Starbucks coffee and have a good free breakfast in the morning. Only bad part was that the wifi signal sucks... I had a room right next to the elevator and could only connect if I was standing at the door.
3	Stayed overnight yesterday between flights at this Hyatt, it was okay. Airport shuttle only comes every half hour so my pick up wasn't speedy, but it was included at least. I stayed at a few nicer hotels during the previous week which probably influences my review a bit, but no major complaints. WiFi could be better and the business center computers are extremely slow, it took me 20 minutes to print my boarding pass, but my room was comfortable and clean. I was supposed to have a King sized bed, but apparently the hotel was full and they gave my room away so I had a double. I ordered a delicious spinach salad from the 24/7 menu at 11 pm  and was pretty impressed with it for hotel food. I didn't like that my room was connected to another through a locked door, I wasn't forewarned about that. This Hyatt got the job done, but I would probably stay elsewhere in the future if I was visiting for more than a layover.
2	Chose to spend the New Years with the family there. Not sure if this Hyatt is old or what but the place was dingy and not welcoming compared with other HyattPlace I have stayed. Food quality was to the floor. Old tasting. Chewy textures and lack of variety. I truly regret this stay. For a New Year's Eve, the staff was so not cheerful and the hotel did not offer any activity for the guests.
