3	this place is in the same mall as sprouts on higley and southern i think it just opened It seams clean with a friendly but a non knowledgeable wait person I started off by ordering a iced green tea to be informed the do not have geen ice tea?????she brought me the lunch special menu but did not offer me the regular menu so i thought the menu she gave me was all the offered i had the 2 rolls spicy tuna and cali roll miso soup and a salad for 795 when i finished i ask her if they had pot stickers ...she repeated back to me pot sticker i said yes...ah dumplings, she said back to me dumplings ....yes ....she said no we have cheese filled wontons ...no thanks i said .so in a minute of brilliance she brought me the regular menu 1st item on menu under apps .......dumplings the owner/mngr who has not gone over the menu with his employs came to my table and asked me what i want i said the dumplings he then pointed to the picture and said these are the dumplings???????I KNOW ....so off he went to make them when she brought them out 7/8 minutes later she came back within 45 seconds and sir don't eat them there not done yet..........WOW REALLY i then informed them they may keep there dumplings and wished them good luck in there business pursuits all that said i will give them another try the food and the  regular menu looked like some good options
4	Ordered food for pick-up. Menu has a large variety of options... we ordered a ton of sushi rolls and they were all very fresh. Also the miso soup is to die for. Ordered some steamed dumplings, they were really big and good too. Overall, would visit again... but bring lots of money because they're a little on the pricy side!
1	Absolutely horrible service.  Average food at best if you're really patient.This is the second time we went to Green Tea.  The first time they had just opened and once we figured out that we were to seat ourselves we waited for nearly 10 minutes for someone to come to our table.  This place wasn't very busy at all with a couple tables eating and about 3 people waiting for/ordering takeout. We scanned the menu and determined what we wanted within a few minutes.  5 minutes after that nobody had returned to the table to take our order.  Within that time I saw two couples waiting to order take out walk out.  We figured we'd do the same.Not wanting to judge too quickly we decided we'd give them another chance.  This time we wanted take-out. We had some shopping to do at the nearby Sprouts so we placed our order prior to going shopping thinking this would insure us food when we returned.  We arrived 25 minutes later only to find that they were just starting our order. After another 15 minutes (40 minutes total now) we finally were given our order.  When we arrived at the house we discovered that they had not given us any rice.  Zero rice.We called the store to see about coming and getting our rice and the person on the phone could not understand a word we were saying.  We kindly told them that we were very dissappointed and wouldn't be coming back.  It's unfortunate that they aren't able to recieve the feedback due to the huge language barrier.The food they did provide us was average. We ordered typical dishes such as Kung-Pao Beef, Orange Chicken and Garlic Chicken. Did I mention we didn't have any rice?This place really sucks.  Don't waste your time or your money.
2	The food wasn't bad (Chix fried rice & pork gyoza). They charged me for a large rice for take out  and only got a small, at least I hope it wasn't the large!  I think there might be a bit of a communication issue here. Also, Japanese or Chinese but not both please.
4	Been looking for a place like this.  Great Asian lunch specials!  One soda and one FRESH brewed iced teaFirst they served a great Miso soup.Then we got a nice iceberg lettuce salad with a tasty dressing.Then we got our main dish.  I ordered the: 2 sushi rolls of my choice                                                    friend ordered: Asian beef with steamed riceSushi was fresh and put together well (not loose and falling apart).  I recommend the eel and cucumber roll.  Very good!  My friend liked his meal as well.  He even poured his left over sauce over the last of his rice he liked it so much.Total bill 15.95.  We added a 25% tip to that because the service was good, just a little hard to understand (she got everything right in the end).
1	My sister got a couple of rolls and salads on Oct 31. She said the fish was old and smelly and salad was wilted. She ended up with food poisoning. Stay Away!
1	This place has got to be kidding.  I specifically drove to the location and explained that I did not the standard rectangle like shaped beef in my beef and onions.  I asked was the beef fresh, not frozen and did they get it frozen and processed.  The lady lied directly to my face and told me that they only have non frozen, fresh meats.  I got home and was horrified and not only that but the fried chicken wings (also frozen but expected) were actually "horribly spoiled"  I mean these wings after frying were GREEN in color!  I called back immediately and they sent another batch over to my home down the street and these wings were so small you would need a magnifier to see them; moreover, THEY WERE BURNED BEYOND RECOGNITION AND BLACK.  I called again and this same lady told me that they were going to tell the company where they ordered the product that it was bad!  Not my problem as a customer and she actually tried to sell me other food with more lies.  Last time I go back there.  I also noticed someone wipe their nose and commence with handling food in the kitchen right before my very eyes.  Just Nasty!
5	Have eaten here 30+ times. Quality ingredients, excellent taste, super fast delivery and great value. Have never had one bad experience. And the lunch specials are crazy cheap and generous portions. We love this place.
1	Roach in the restaurant! And server stepped on it and just pushed it aside, nasty!! Never again!  She didn't even apologize or mention the roach.
4	Great take out, sweet staff. Very delicious Egg Foo. Also killer egg rolls. And it is all next door to my house.
1	The waitress is very rude and doesn't have any customer service manners, I ask for the menu she broth it and slap it on the table, then I ask for jasmine tea and very rude said, if you want tea, first read the menu and see what we sell, didn't answer yes we have or no we don't have jasmine tea.I ordered shrimp and she brought chicken, I told her I didn't ask for chicken and she was arguing with me for awhile telling me Yes, you ordered it!, the place is dirty and she is RUDE. I will never go there again. No wonder why the place is always empty.
1	Abysmal customer service!!! Requested no onions due to allergy. Food arrived, had green onion all in it. Called to request remake, girl who answered phone ARGUED with me and told me that the dish did not have green onion. They did finally remake it, but the food was only soso. You get what you pay for.
1	My husband and I used to order from here on a weekly basis for delivery , until one time I had a bug in my food. The worst thing is I didn't notice it until I had already been eating. I was so grossed out I called immediately, but the lady who answered the phone was just argumentative. Instead of apologizing she went on to say how that has never happened before, almost like I wasn't telling the truth. Now my husband and I ordered from there on a weekly basis why on earth wouldn't we be telling the truth.? We were so upset by her response, and the time it took to get our money back from them for our meal, that we boycotted the place for months and months. They never even offered to give our money back for my husbands food, only mine. We both felt that was completely unprofessional. It was the least they could have done. To be honest we were getting pretty turned off by the place anyway because everytime we called the lady was very rude and short on the phone. Since it had been so many months, almost a year now, we decided to give them a second chance and went into their location to eat. The same lady who answers the phone was there and served us. She was very unprofessional, non friendly, and the place didn't look customer friendly at all. Stuff all over the counter in the back, terrible lighting, and the bathroom definitely needed cleaning. The food tasted great though. Then we decided a few weeks after that to have delivery to our home. The lady on the phone remembered me or somehow put it in the system. Instead of saying welcome back we missed you she just said "Oh you are ordering again didn't you have problems last time."  I should have responded with "Say, great memory this time can you make sure there aren't any bugs in my food, and you're welcome for my business." we will never order from here again they lost a very very good customer for life. In the restaurant business word of mouth means everything that is something this establishment needs to understand because none of my friends or family will ever eat here again. This place needs friendly service on the phone and in person, with empathetic people who understand business and how you are supposed to conduct yourself. If I owned a restaurant business and somebody ordered from me on a weekly basis, and then had an issue one time I would have handled it as if that person meant everything to me. They are clueless.
4	I have been here at least 5 times.  Everything I've ordered is pretty tasty. Tonight I had kung pao chicken   W fried rice and won ton soup. I loved it. My mom had Lemon chicken although the breaking and sauce are good we thought the long patties is somewhat different than the norm  nugget.  Overall you get fresh food for not much money.
2	My husband and I ordered takeout from here after having it recommended by a few people.  We ordered the teriyaki chicken, lemon chicken, and egg rolls.  The teriyaki chicken was just okay, and the lemon chicken was dry and flavorless.  It came in the form of a chicken breast with a hard crust that fell off in one giant chunk.  My husband even joked that maybe we ordered off the healthy part of the menu because it was so flavorless!  The egg rolls were delicious, but we barely touched the rest of our meal.  Maybe we just ordered the wrong dishes, not sure, but we will most likely not be going back.
2	On vacation and was looking for some fast Chinese food to take out. Didn't have time yelp.. But, ended up here. I wish I did yelp before heading inside here. Was greeted by a 12 year old boy playing his gameboy or something like that? Then, we approach the counter for a menu and were greeted by a not so friendly 20 year girl. Probably the owners daughter? I place my order for 6 people.. And spent about $60 worth of food! Then, I saw a coupon for free sesame chicken if you spent more then $50 dollars. Bought it to the girl attention and she got a bit rude. The food wasn't all that. It was a bit bland. I wish it was more authentic, and not so chewy. They provide you with a lot of meat.. But, not enough rice for 6 people, a tiny portion! The inside of the restaurant was a bit clean and it was empty? Who knows? But, the reviews on here are definitely true. Food- 2 out 5 Service- 1 out 5Cleanliness- 3 out of 5
5	Food always arrives hot and fresh. Prices are very reasonable for the portions you receive. I personally always have enjoyed the food that's been delivered, although I've never eaten in the restaurant, so I can't tell you anything about that.
1	We live very close to this restaurant and will not be going back ever. It is unfortunate that I had to give them one star in order for me to complete this post. The customer service is terrible. We ordered our food through online delivery. The food arrived in twenty minutes as we live across the street. I ordered SzechuanShrimp and some sort of chicken dish was delivered. I called to let them know of the mistake and had to argue with the owner for five minutes as they insisted that we ordered the chicken. Finally I told her that I could print the receipt from online. Finally they asked if we wanted the order next time, or if we wanted them to deliver the correct item. We asked them to deliver what we had ordered. They delivered the correct item thirty minutes later without apology and they asked for the other incorrect dish back as though we were trying to scam them.  The dish they delivered was a shrimp dish and contained only four small shrimp. They were clearly put out by having to correct their mistake. There are too many places to go to dinner, I do not understand why they would think it is ok to treat customers this way.
4	I guess everyone's experience is different so I can only base my rating on the experience I had... I was very pleased with the flavor of my food. I ordered the Kung pao chicken lunch with fried rice and the hot and sour soup. What surprised me was that the fried rice was a Pork fried rice and not just egg like most of the other places around here. The Kung pao chicken was also very flavorful. I would have to say that my service was good as well. I'm glad I decided to give this place a try after reading all the negative reviews so I could make my own decision.
2	Delivery was quick, service was fine, prices were low... That's the only reason I give them two stars. The chicken was chewy and tasted like a freezer even through the breading and sauce. The rice had a TON of onion in it. I like onions more than most people and I still thought it was far too much. Also, the portion of rice was tiny.
