5	We happened upon Boone's in the parking lot of our office complex. There is a long line for a reason. My GOD! I've known about them for about 3 weeks now, and have eaten there 3 times, even trekking to South End for Food Truck Friday. I've had a brisket sandwich, Apricot Chipotle Wings, Smoked Sausage and ribs. I've also tried the baked beans and chow chow. My GOD! If there's better around town, or anywhere within an hours drive of Charlotte, I haven't found it. Lord knows I've been searching for a while.The brisket is smoky with delicious fat around the edges. The wings are chargrilled and the Apricot Chipotle sauce is just spicy enough. The ribs are to die for. Fall off the bone perfection. The smoked sausage sandwich is nummers, and comes topped with mustard BBQ sauce and chow chow. Co-workers have tried pretty much everything else on the menu and have raved about those options as much as I raved above. People who swear they hate collard greens are crazy about the greens from Boone's.  If you find them, get there early. They've sold out all 3 times I've dined with them. If you're near the Farmer's Market on Yorkmont Rd, they park in 3 different parking lots on Yorkmont Rd Tuesday - Thursday and are at FTF the 3rd Friday of every month. Do yourself a favor and search them out.
5	Some of the better ribs I've had in Charlotte! You have the option to take more sauce if you want. I prefer the Piedmont something something sauce. Ribs are adequately sauced, tender,  juicy, everything you can ask for in a midday pick me up. Mac was good, potato salad flavorful. They were out of banana pudding so I will be back!
5	Boones is amazing!  The best Barbecue I've had in Charlotte so far!  I think I've tried just about everything they have to offer and always pleased!  My fave thing to get has to be the wings,  dry-rubbed!
4	Very good BBQ and even better sides.  Love that it is near my office weekly, however recently they have a new young brunete taking the orders and is very RUDE.  I think I will steer clear for a while until she is replaced, sorry to have bothered you today WITCH!
4	Boone's is at my place of work every week on Tuesday. I'm a fan of their wings, but mostly because I love the Apricot Chipotle sauce. I really enjoy ther brisket sandwich, and the pulled pork sandwich is huge, but I would love them both a ton more if I could have Apricot Chipotle sauce on top. I'm telling you...it's money! The new fall desserts are much tastier than the brownie and bread pudding, not that there was anything wrong with them, I just like bourbon pecan pie and cheesecake a lot better. I appreciate the service and the way they remember me from week to week and I like the quality and portion size. Only giving them a because that sauce isn't in a bottle on the shelf like the others! :)
