2	So, I really want to give them a 1-star, but I don't think their work is bad. I went in today with hopes of getting a tattoo -- that is, my fourth tattoo -- but was completely turned off by their lack of customer service.I appreciated it when they told me not to go with something too small since it can get blotchy in the future. I appreciated it when they told me that they would fit me in as a walk-in at some point today. However, I did NOT appreciate being spoken to like a naive person, nor taken for a complete idiot when they wanted to overcharge me for a SMALL tattoo that shouldn't and wouldn't cost more than $100-120 anywhere else. I am a million percent sure that my budget was realistic for what my idea was, and I would've appreciated it if they were willing to work WITHIN that budget rather than blatantly tell me to "save up" instead. Otherwise, he said, it would be something far more simple -- AKA a shittier job.Thanks, but no thanks. I left the shop disappointed, and mostly annoyed with them taking me for a complete idiot, and walked up the street to Adrenaline, where not only were they accommodating, but they fit me in for an appointment tomorrow AND they're willing to work within my budget while still doing a good job.Instead of working with me, you lost a good and loyal customer today. Good job, Slicks.
1	So I went into the store one afternoon just to get some information on a pin-up tattoo. After a little while I asked the front clerk some questions. First off, he was an ass towards me. I don't know why, but wait, there's more. I asked him if he or any of his artist had any portfolios to look at, so I can tell the persons style. He looked at me like I was a fuckin idiot. His words exactly " bro, we got books on the table". Ya, no shit. So does every other tattoo place. So I asked even after all that if I could get a quote and once again he seemed confused. So there you have it folks. Piece of advice. Always ask for a portfolio. ALWAYS.
2	I felt very disrespected after getting a tattoo here. I'm new to yelp so this review is about 3 years old but I would never get work done here again. Got a foot tattoo here which involved my foot just twitching towards the end so the artist said that since if have to come back for touch ups, that we would finish the tattoo next time. I'm not even mad that there are 2-3 obvious f*** ups because they'd probably from my foot twitched, but when I came back, the artist blatantly denied having tattooed me to begin with. My receipt wasn't clear enough and apparently they were "unable" to verifying he work in the appt book because I was a walk-in. To this day I have an unfinished foot tattoo. The staff refused to look on the shop camera for the photo they took with me for a vitamin water promo while getting tattooed.  Complete slap in the face.I give them 2 stars just because their location in St-Anne's is great.
5	Decided to try a different artist here (Smashley) after seeing her work on a friend. Stopped by today to get a sketch started and put down a deposit. Other reviews claim great work but horrible customer service when in fact the service I received was pretty great. Shop owner was helping a woman carry her carriage up the stairs and welcomed me in, staff at reception were cheery and joked around while getting me the information I needed and the artist acted outright excited towards working with me. Excited to see how the sketch comes out and get this ball rolling. *sorry mom*
