5	Just stopped by here today for the first time, 10/10!! I usually go to silver mines but on the way there I decided to try this joint instead since it was new. Customer service is ON POINT, the two guys (white, manager I think? And black guy) helped me out and they were very nice. I love putting all sorts of condiments on my Sandwich and they put exactly the appropriate amount and it tastes fantastic! The only downside is really the price (14" for $11) is really harsh for a college student especially when subway is $5 for 12" (but subway is incredibly inferior compared to these guys). Worth it, will come back here again.
3	I didn't get a chance to eat there, my review is based entirely on their ordering system/service...As I walked in I noticed that there was one table with food and 8-10 tables holding tickets looking at the kitchen.  In front of me a bunch of people bottle necked in line - trying to figure out the order form.No way I'm waiting for this, only an hour for lunch...
3	Which Wich was very new to me and I'm sure a lot of peopleAt first I did not get the ordering systemI stood standing there wondering what to do with the brown bagsBut I figured it outI think it's a pretty good way to order but I think the paying part and actually processing your order is where the line sort of startsFrom there you pay and then the "line" of workers make your orderThe cuban sandwich was pretty goodThe size was good as wellThe only baby complaint I had was the bread, maybe next time I won't get it toastedIt felt a little too flaky and dryBut the sandwich was good and I am not very hard to pleaseThe decor is nice and the manager was friendly
5	Amazing sandwiches !!!!Amazing selection Awesome cookie Recommend this place guys
5	Heard about Which Wich from a friend and it was as good as he said it was. Ordered the Cuban sandwich and it was as good as it is in Miami. Loved the bread and the hot peppers. This is now our new favorite sandwich place.
5	I had never heard of them but the kids thought that the name was funny/inviting. We are greeted promptly and asked if it was our first time. They explained the ordering system quickly. Our 'wiches were made to order promptly and they were delicious. Later I googled them and found that they are a new chain and are opening stores all over. They are worth a try!!
4	The Chipotle of sandwich shops finally arrives on Mill Avenue!  With an amazing selection and average pricing, Which Wich is a solid choice for your carb cravings. (Although, all sandwiches can be served in a bowl too-- if you're into that kind of thing). Much better than your run of the mill Subway, and much better looking too!
4	I can't believe this place only has 6 reviews when it has been open 3 or 4 months already. I stopped in today for lunch and the place was packed but most people take theirs to go. Basically, it's a sandwich shop, with similar options to Subway (tastes much better) but a totally different ordering system.First you pick up a brown paper bag; the bags are all labeled according to the category of sandwich you are going to get (which more or less is based on the type of meat). Then you mark on the bag with the sharpie provided what type of bread and size you want, toppings and condiments, whether you'd like it toasted or cold, etc. Then you hand the bag to the guy at the register, grab chips and a drink cup, and pay for your food. The bag goes to the folks making your food and when your sandwich is done they call out your name and you come to the counter and get it. Oh, yeah, forgot to mention don't forget to put your name on your bag. The spot for your name is at the very bottom and it is easy to miss. It actually helps if you put your initials or some kind of mark on the back of the back so you can see it making it's way down the line and then you'll know when you are next. They actually have a wall of bags with some cool drawings that people have made on their bags. Other than that, the restaurant itself is your basic fast food ambiance. Nothing too special. They do have a couple of small tables outside on Mill Ave so that is cool.Plus, it's only a short walk to Tempe Beach Park so grab some food and get out and enjoy a picnic in the sunshine!!!
1	Worst sandwich I have ever had from any place ever.  So bad it pissed me off after 2 bites of yuck that I didnt eat the rest.  The meat is beyond gross with all kinds of salt and preservatives and other chemicals added.  The quality to me was something like the cheapest deli meat you would find in the grocery store but not from the deli.  You know what I am talking about.  Mystery meat.
4	The use of a "complex" ordering system keeps the low iq people, like the gentleman below out. The sandwich was soooo good. The muffeletta had an awesome tapenade, cronic.  A little pricey, but they pile the meat on there. The 3star review is because of the bossy manager lady constantly yelling and micro managing the lackeys like she was Gordon Ramsey. Oh. They have melloyello, too.
4	I'm a big fan of this new spot in the Mill Ave District. You order by filling in the extensive options on a paper bag which made it very easy to create the sandwich exactly how you want. This place can get very busy during the lunch hours; however, the ordering system allows the lines to move along fairly quick. I would recommend not getting the lettuce wrap option because it can be very messy. (Yelp check-in gets you a free bag of chips!)
3	Overall my experience at which wich was meh. I came in on a Sunday there where a few people in line nut not many. I'm mainly disappointed at the quality of the deli meat which was very salty and much resembled typical cheap processed deli meat. Even worse, the price did not reflect the quality at all. 8.25 for a 10" is a good price when the deli meat is high quality but not for whatever they are using. The service was meh as well. Maybe they all had the Sunday blues but other then the cashier who was pleasant and actually smiled ( I think his name was Andrew), no one even really made an effort to be happy or go out of their way. My wich had cucumbers in it which I am willing to write off as an honest mistake. I asked for a side of pesto as there wasn't very much on my wich and received a small, less then half full Togo sauce container.  It was enough for one half of one side. The employee never smiled once. Overall, had the meat been better it would have been pretty decent. The bread was ok but a little dry when toasted. I won't come back though simply because of the price and awful quality of meat.
4	The atmosphere is cool and I love the style. When you walk in you pick a bag which contains what mean you want or vegetarian. Then on the bag you fill in the circles to what you want in the sandwich. They have many options and the food quality is great. I went to the one location on mill ave in Tempe and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful. If you're looking for a good sandwich, come here.
5	Which Wich is my new on-the-go sandwich spot. Great value for a solid, customizable sandwich. And the owner is a friendly, enthusiastic guy whose cool glasses should be appreciated by all!
5	Absolutely amazing! The pulled pork sandwich (#8) will have you licking your fingers. With the #8 you can do the regular, southwestern or build your own. I built my own and even after being somewhat conservative with topping options the sandwich was still better than any from this type of eatery that I've had in years. Because it took a little longer to build my custom wich (Maybe 3-4 minutes) they gave me a card for a free wich on my next visit. Excellent customer service! In the style of a line from a well known movie - I'll be back!!
5	Excellent! Fun way to design a sandwich!
2	This place is always busy and I understand they are busy but every time I ordered they take ten or more minutes.  And they miss an ingredient I liked their sub but all the wait and missing ingredients isn't worthwhile.  Also the cashiers aways leave the area when I am about to order to do something else. Horrible
5	Great place to have sandwich  ... People bored to subway have to try  .. U will love it.. I tried black bean patty.. Which wich do you want ?
1	Subpar sandwiches? Nah, they're not even that good. Considering how many sandwich places are on Mill and they're all better, this place isn't going to last.Also asked about their vegan options... lets just say that the cashiers don't know what they're talking about, and that they need to train them better.
5	Ordered the Banh Mi sandwich and the only way to describe it was Absolutely EPIC!! One of the best sandwiches I've ever had and would strongly recommend to anyone. Thank you for an amazing meal.
5	Very clean very fast service, lil small and only 2 seats outside to sit. Other then those two things it's an awesome place and the food is amazing!
5	They were very clean.  The staff were super friendly.  I got a huge sandwich and it was perfect.  They have double what other sandwich shops offer as toppings.  It was a super cool place and they were very efficient.
2	I only came here because my friend wanted to get a sandwich. It seems like a simple concept to mark what you want and how, with very specific choices.  I ordered chicken- got turkeyI ordered sliced egg- got no sliced eggI ordered spinach- shred lettuce onlyI ordered honey mustard-got ranchReally?  It seems like the likelihood of getting it wrong would lower. Good ingredients, pretty clean, average drink selection, and average chip selection. Yay bathrooms!
2	I probably didn't pick the right item...  I got the gyro and wasn't impressed.  The only thing impressive was the size.  It was sadly very lacking in flavor. Extra star for the fact that I had their roast beef sandwich as an Ironman Arizona volunteer and that one was good. But nothing I would write home about.
5	Great quick and friendly service. The manager was willing to let me use the check in coupon even after I had paid for my sub which was cool. I like the variety of subs that are available and all the ones that I've tried have been pretty good.
3	This is the third WW I've been to in the valley and I continue to be underwhelmed...That said, the concept is clever and convenient (but there's always those forgotten details that the cashier has to clarify) and the prices are reasonable.  I love having lots if options to choose from without having to say it out loud to the sandwich maker ("what was that?" "No, more tomatoes" "toasted?" "You said a little mayo?" "No, I said NO mayo!")...at least there's a paper trail at WW.For the most part, the staff has been friendly enough and the locations are clean and tidy.If I was back in college, I'd probably love it but I'm not sure I would've been able to afford it.
