4	This is one of the best Italian restaurants I've been to in the area.  I used to go more often because their prices were very reasonable (around 8-9 dollars per entree), but they have recently jacked up their pricing a few bucks.  It's still worth it, and you save some money by being able to bring your own wine (they charge a small cork fee).  The convenience store next door sells a few different varieties of chianti - which seems out of place in the dingy corner store, but they know what they're doing.
4	Charming, charming, charming.I loved this place.  So much, in fact, I left my number with our server because I'm interested in working there a few nights a week come summer.Cafe la Bella is next to a market and (I think) a car place) on 7th Street.  I had something else in mind entirely before we went in:  you know, the family-style Italian place with green or red-and-white checkered tablecloths, spaghetti and meatballs, and huge portions.Cafe la Bella is nothing like this.  The inside, with its ten tables and warm-colored walls, is homey and elegant at the same time.  Our server was very friendly and relaxed.  I know it was a BYOB place, but I didn't know it was ONLY BYOB.  You can't buy wine there.  So, bring your own!  What a fun idea.  It only adds to the homey quality.  We didn't bring our own, but my husband ducked out to the convenience store right next door and came back with some wine.  The bread was a little weird - it was toasted with some kind of olive oil/roasted garlic combination on top.  I'm more of a dip my baguette in olive oil kind of girl.  Anyway, the meal itself was fantastic.  My husband had the clam linguini, which he couldn't stop raving about (especially how it was exactly the right size).  I had the Really Big five-cheese ravioli, which was, indeed, really big.  Not to mention really good.  Can't wait to go back.*Not five stars because it was a teeny bit overpriced.  Then again, why not have a nice date night once in awhile?  4.5 stars.
2	Sadly, this dining experience was a huge disappointment.  I had expected pizza to be on the menu (as reported by The AZ Rep.) but they had none.  As a matter of fact, the menu only had about five entres to choose from.  I chose the steak and it was pretty bad.   The generous (but not inexpensive [$25]) piece of meat was drenched in some kind of gravy, of which was not good.   The meat felt and tasted like it was right out of the freezer. My girlfriend's entre was some kind of pasta/potato dish (that she typically LOVES) and she did not like "even a little".  The interior was small, about seven tables total, and the walls were adorned with really nice modern art (and I'm guessing locally produced).  Unfortunately the setting was the best part of the experience.They have no wine and a corkage fee of $7 per person (not per bottle).
2	I LOVE Italian food.  LOVE it.  You can take me pretty much any Italian place and I'll be in heaven.  So given this, the location of Cafe La Bella (about a 5 minute walk from my house), the reviews I've read on here, and the look of the place as we walked in the door, I was primed and ready to tell everyone about my new favorite place.I had no problem with the small menu because everything on there was something I like.  My decision was easy as could be; I love gnocchi above pretty much all else and was happy to see it.  What a disappointment it was, though.  It was extremely overcooked, and the red sauce that it was drowned in was sweet and seemed to have come straight out of a jar.  Dave had a New York strip, and was very underwhelmed as well.We also ordered creme brulee, another favorite of mine.  It was cold and tasted pretty much like vanilla pudding with a torched coating of sugar on top.I almost didn't write this review, as I hate to have any kind of negative effect on them.  But the fact of the matter is, if you're going to run a restaurant, you need to have good food.  Just being a locally owned CenPho business can only carry you so far.  I'm also loathe to judge anyone based on one night (insert dirty joke here), so I wouldn't be averse to trying it again.Our server was very friendly and chatty, which I completely enjoy.  The place was cute and cozy with some neat artwork, and I have no problem with the idea of a corkage fee (it was $7 per person, and I have no idea if that's standard/low/high).  All I can say is that I hope they put some consideration into what they're serving, and can stay successful.
4	We have found our little Italian place!!! So, we walked in and almost left, there was no one there. We decided as it was a Monday night we would stay. No drinks except water, however the waiter practically begged me to let him go to the corner market and get me a sprite. I thought this is a good sign to just have water. My wife is a vegetarian, when she inquired about the sauce, our waiter said it was not  vegan however it was vegetarian, he was very nice and wanted to be sure she got something she would like.Our starter was this really nice bread with Parmesan, butter, and roasted garlic. it was quite good, however we did feel a little guilty, but it was worth it. =)We decided to share the Gnocchi, and the Really Big 5 cheese ravioli. The Ravioli was good, but it was over matched by the Gnocchi which was served with tomato sauce with some pesto added.Each dish was $12We will be making this our neighborhood Italian restaurant.The decor was nice modern art, and it seemed like the Cure's greatest hits was on during most of our meal. (which was fine, but odd)
