4	The main reason I visit this recreation facility is for its convenience to my residence, and because it has a decent workout room. Springs, as it is referred to by residence of Fort Mill, is a date but not shabby facility with work out rooms, basketball court, and swimming pool. There are events throughout the year for both adults and children. You may refer to the complex calendar at the complex website. In addition, surrounding the facility outside are soccer and softball fields. These are used regularly by little league soccer organizations and church leagues and other types of leagues utilize the softball fields. If you are a member of the YMCA in York county, you can obtain access to the facility by registering for free. No membership fees if you're a member of the YMCA in York county.
4	Not that I get down to this area often, but this complex is flat-out impressive. The outside has plenty to do - fields for soccer and softball, or just for doing whatever you might want to do in the field (wait until dark for those daring things, though, this is a family area).On the inside, it's like a Y that isn't a Y (though I understand there is some form of reciprocity happening). You can work out, play basketball, and there is even a pool - we happened to be there for the pool, as it's used by a somewhat local scuba shop for training newbies like ourselves.All in all, a very nice facility if you're in need!
4	For the location, this complex has just about everything you'd need for a youth with sports on their mind. I've been to countless baseball and soccer games here and had always been impressed with the sheer amount of space, number fields of all kinds, and the amount of care that goes into keeping the grounds in shape. I haven't been inside any of the main buildings, but I understand there are amenities for members to utilize such as a pool, gym, etc. The only slight drawback to this park is parking. The areas for parking can get a bit complex and overrun at times when there is more than one little league game or youth soccer match happening at the same time. Some parents get pretty creative and strategic with their mini van placement.
