5	One of my favorite places here in Las Vegas. There are quite a few Village Pubs, but this one is special. The bartenders are the coolest cats ever. I always feel so welcomed. It's genuine! The decor is standard Village Pub, Early America with beautiful, framed art galore, of ships from eras 1600's thru 1900's, like Clipper Ships, I'm guessing. The same specials. The $5.99 Steak & Egg special is popular. The whole menu is wonderful. I would come here just to eat. I've never been disappointed at this locale. The special goes from 11pm until 11am. New York Steak, superb quality. Anyway the ambiance at this locale is very comforting, more so four other I've been to.
3	Menu is reasonable, but no dishes standout unless it's Thursday and you're dining in for the ribs. Can never pass up an EIB Hefe draft, either. Both are pricier than those at Ellis Island, but I consider it a convenience fee: never a wait, and it's close to home.
3	As with the other reviewer, I can also vouc h for the wonderful staff. Everyones great and really makes you feel like family. Marlene, Rex, Lollie, Sarah.Food-wise, its a typical cafe/bar food, and there are many great choices under $10. Rated by the LVRJ as that.Only problem is, being a beer guy, the selection of drafts isn't that impressive. About 5, with nothing really on the full flavored side.  Nonetheless, it's a great place for some cheap quality food with great bartenders to match.
4	This place is very close to work and has very good lunch specials!The Angus Cheese Burger and Lemonade for under $10.  (Without tip)The place is clean, there is a restaurant area when you walk right in and the booths are nice and cozy and make for a great place to have a conversation.Clean place, great staff.  Food comes out quick and is very tasty!  Definitely will be back again.
4	This place rocks! I found this restaurant/gaming bar pub when I used to live in the far SW off sunset/grand canyon. Awesome place to grab a hearty home cooked meal for din din! Fried shrimp dinner, chicken fried steak, chicken, ribs, desserts, mmmm yummy. They have a great ranch dressing as well, so yummy. Hearty portions and great prices, they always have a dinner special nightly. Great food, good prices and great service what more can i say?
3	Same beer as Ellis Island with sweet potato tots to boot.  This was my first trip to this Village Pub location and it's a good probability that I will be back. I'm definitely partial to a good happy hour in my neck of the woods and this pub fits the bill. There were only 3 other people in the bar and it wasn't smoky. The service was quite good. I don't remember the bartenders name (I almost never do) but she was friendly, making conversation while pouring our beers. As some regulars came in she greeted them by name and knew their drink orders before they even asked. I like that, someone who takes pride in their job and makes an effort to be good at it.This location was laid back with a comfortable atmosphere. The bar food was pretty good and during happy hour they offer quite a few half price appetizers including sweet potato tots. I am a big fan of those. Crispy on the outside, sweet potato perfection on the inside. I want a basket full right now.
5	Drink beer and play video poker.  Maybe grab a smoke here and there. What else do u need ?  Perfect place to stop by and close to home. Support local
3	The first time the bartender was awesome (big D or something the like), the second time a different guy (Brian/night manager) could've cared less about having small talk, however he kept our drinks full and wasn't rude, so I can't really complain.Their late-night happy hour rocks with $2-3  call drinks and delicious draft pints from Ellis Island Brewery. *note---the lettering on the front of the establishment says YORKY'S, but a smaller banner underneath lets you know that this is now a Village Pub.
