4	Big upgrade over Doc's (especially in the menu).  Attentive staff, good food, big portions of tasty food, moderately priced.  I'd like to see some more daily food specials instead of mostly drink specials though.Great addition to Shadyside.
3	They did a great job with the renovations, I think I like this place better than it's southside location. The inside is clean, large and lined with tv's. We stopped here to dodge the rain during a bike ride and to catch some of the Pirates game.The thing I always order at the other Mario's, the Tree Hugger (as a wrap) was on the menu, as well as a lot of other things I recognized from the other location.Our bartender was awesome. She was very accommodating and on top of it. She noticed to people next to me that their food came out a little overdone, so immediately put another order in. She had to do the same for my dining partner, since his fries were almost black. We aren't picky, and weren't starving, so it wasn't a big deal at the time that our food took and hour.  This could be a problem though. They were both sandwiches and a side salad. My tree hugger was great, everything I expected, but his turkey sandwich was cooked wrong (bacon undercooked, turkey dry and overcooked) and lacked avocado. So, the food department here still has some kinks to workout. The bartender mentioned that they have the same extensive menu as the other Mario's, but a tiny kitchen compared. That explains the slow service. It wasn't all that crowded either, so I can imagine the wait when it's busy...Awesome bartender comped an order of drinks for the inconvenience.I still like this place, location and the food and drinks, so will probably be back again, despite the kitchen dysfunction! Plus they have half price bottles of wine Tuesdays!! :)
4	Great place to go when it's warm out because of the great rooftop bar. They have really good table service all around, so they make sure that you always have a drink. It's always packed on Fridays and Saturdays, and also sometimes on Wednesdays for $3 32oz. goblets from 10-midnight.
5	Loved the balcony at docs, now that it's Mario's, still love the balcony. The downstairs has been changed for the better (except for that darn step that everyone seems to trip on).Drinks are adequately priced. Still need to try trivia night though.
4	When I first moved to Pittsburgh, I loved Mario's in the South Side,  but never really enjoyed the South Side itself, so it became a place long forgotten. Until one day, about  a month ago. My friend and I went to Unblurred and wanted to stop in for a quick bite and chat a bit. We intended to go to Shady Grove, but happened upon Mario's East Side (formerly Doc's).  I was so excited to see that Mario's had opened up a new location! The food was good and the drinks were tasty. It was pretty crowded, and just got louder. Depending on what you're looking for, its a good place. The service is pretty good. I would recommend counting your change though. I did have one waitress who shorted us a few bucks, but it was an isolated incident. If you're looking for an app to share, get the Cucumber Feta dip with Pitas. Oh....My....Word! It is amazing! It has such a great flavor and the pitas are warm and crispy!  I definitely enjoy going in for lunch, but unless you like the college crowd and crowded restaurant, I wouldn't recommend it for dinner/a quick late night drink.
4	I live a three-four minute walk from this bar and I love their rooftop area which is heated during the winter.  I just went on monday for their 25 cent wing special which runs all day till 10pm.  They have the insanity wings which are amazingly spicy and just delicious.  Your lips burn and puff up but they are totally worth it.  You order wings in orders of 6, so u can get a tasty snack/meal for less than 2 bucks on mondays (plus tip!).  Their happy hour is good as well, half off drafts and well drinks I believe.  They have multiple flat screen tvs and it is a good place to come and watch any game.  They also do serve beer in liter cups.  And they also have a trivia night that I've been to before.  Its just a chill laid back place to come with friends and enjoy a drink.  It does get packed on weekend nights; I much prefer shadyside to southside anyday.  I have many memories of this place and I'm sure there are more to come.  :)
4	When Mario's was Doc's and I was in school, this was a twice a month bar for me. My first and only venture so far to Mario's was yesterday (Monday) for their 25c wings. I love wings! I am female and petite, but don't let that fool ya! I will go run 3 miles, so that I can have the wings and fries. We got the honey garlic habanera and the mesquite char-grilled wings. Both were delish! The honey garlic one had a delicious sauce, a little bit like Thai chilli sauce, with a bit of sweet, a bit of garlic and a bit of spice. The mesquite wings had a dry rub, equally delicious.
3	Can't comment on food; I was just in for late-night beers.Decor is pretty good, and the roof deck is very good.  (Even in the winter...just enough heaters to keep it comfy in a jacket.)  Very good beer selection.  Crowd's a little on the college fratboy side for my tastes, but I'm guessing it's better when they're drinking elsewhere.
4	Went there twice. First time was a disaster, it was the first night for the waitress and she had no support. We waited for over 45 minutes for our food, finally spoke up to a manager and got our food. It was all room temperature. We could tell that it was good when it was fresh and was very disappointed, spoke up to management and they halved our bill. Decided to give it another try when we were back in town and it was very good. Rooftop deck it very nice and very good overall. Food is better than average pub food and is creative.
3	Friday night drinking. I was trying to come up with a description for the crowd here, but failing. I finally decided on--bros with receding hairlines who just came to the realization that they have outgrown Oakland.Okay, not everyone had a receding hairline, but the boys were of that age where that just starts to become a concern for them (mid-20s to mid-30s). And I did spot quite a few that were making their first attempts at combovers. I guess you just notice it less when the dudes have longish hair or cover their head with the cliched slouchy beanie, whereas Mario's is filled mainly with young professionals in ironed dress shirts, mid-priced jeans, and conventionally short haircuts. And to use some collegiate slang, this place was a total sausagefest. Which you'd think would be a good thing for a single girl such as myself but...it's really kinda not. Didn't see enough hot boys with tattoos here. Not that I expected any but...there were so many dudes here...why were they all so unattractive...why??? I saw a guy with two ballpoint pens in his pocket! Serious business.The women's bathroom was GROSS! I went to Penn State and have a lot of friends who currently go to Pitt, so I'm totally used to nasty college bar bathrooms. This was among the worst I've seen. I expected more for a yuppie Shadyside bar, for real. YOU'RE AN ADULT NOW, PEOPLE! PISSING EVERYWHERE ISN'T VERY ADULT! (And don't forget to alert your fellow ladies when the stall is out of TP!)I did like that there were actually servers for the booths and you do not need to order food to sit in a booth (cough, Mad Mex!). It was really crowded so having the beer brought to us instead of going up to the bar was a nice change. Our server was really friendly and attentive, which was unexpected.One of my friends played a lot of shuffleboard. I guess it's an upgrade from the beer pong of your college days, right?I guess it's a good addition to Shadyside, though it's not really my scene. I'm personally sick of all those restaurant-slash-bars. This is more of a bar-slash-restaurant, which makes all the difference.
3	We got here pretty early, so we managed to snag a table upstairs on the heated patio/deck. Service was pretty good, considering they were fairly busy. It seems like a fun place to hang out. The scene was younger-looking professionals or older-looking students.The food was not impressive. The pizza was extremely greasy and lacking flavor. The pizza rolls were really just egg rolls with peperoni and cheese, which was disappointing since PGH typically excels at their specialties. We also ordered the pierogis, which were pretty good as far as this dish goes. Drink prices were fair, there was a lot of space and they had music. It was pretty crowded  by the time we left. I would say this is a great place for drinking and meeting up with friends (or strangers), but I wouldn't suggest eating here.
4	Doc's with a facelift!Spacious and warm rooftop; make Sure to spin the wheel!** 'blonde headed slut' shot with Liz chase (throw your L's up)
3	so i've been to the mario's in the south side a few times before i checked out this one. i'm not a fan of crazy busy bars where you can barely move unless something really cool is going on or you know just about everyone there. so i didn't have high hopes for this one, but i can definitely say i prefer it to mario's south side. it's still a pretty busy bar but it's not usually too hard to get a drink or find a seat. the atmosphere is pretty cool too, i really like the upstairs... it's like being on a patio... but you're still inside! and the staff is super friendly. i've gotten a lot of long islands there and they make sure i get what i paid for every time. some of them will party with you too if you just ask! it's also really nice that the bar permits smoking but has it on a separate floor so you don't have to be around it if you don't want to. plus! for those of you not close enough to walk, there's a parking garage almost right across the street!
2	If you like college bars, you'll like Mario's.  The good:  It's extremely crowded on weekends, which can be fun, and the drinks are often a dollar or two less than other bars.  Decent place to watch the games with a crowd.The bad: the atmosphere is a bit immature as far as city bars go.  Not that I expect much more in the southside.
2	Ok so I actually really like Mario's a lot, but in the DAYTIME.  Great place to catch a game, food is actually excellent and beer selection is solid for a sports bar.  However, at night the douchebags come out and it becomes a shitshow, especially upstairs.  I actually walked into the bathroom the other night and people were having sex in the stall over the urinal/toilet (real classy).  So I recommend it for an afternoon/lunch or early dinner.  Upstairs during spring/summer is actually very nice, but too much riff raff.
3	It's been a while since I've been to Shadyside, when someone asked me to go to Mario's I was confused.  Last time I was there it was Doc's, they should have just said that and I would have known what they were talking about.Any place with a deck to sit on gets a plus from me, but when everyone has the same idea as you do, the deck isn't any fun.  Crowded was an understatement for the deck.  No bottles at the deck bars, only what's on tap, which isn't have bad.  And if you have a tab, you have to get your own refills, the servers roaming around asking if you want anything only take cash.The bathrooms are located on the bottom floor and can be quite an adventure not only to get to, but to survive in.  Be prepared to slide around on the floor after about a hundred other people have been in there spilling drinks, dripping water and god knows what else.It is nice however that there are two sets of staircases to get upstairs.  Don't have to cram into just one staircase and fight your way up.  Your best bet is to use the back staircase.
3	Decent hangout place for college/grad students. Can get crowded at times, but the only good thing about it is the $2 beers.
1	[A member of the Notorious "Negative Stars Club"]A friend and myself went here a few nights ago to grab some grub on a Monday night.It happened to be karaoke night (which was pretty entertaining), but it was NOT very busy when we arrived.There were about 5 people sitting at the bar, we sat at a table and there were maybe 3 other tables on the main level.I have no idea what was "upstairs", but it wasn't crazy busy.Our waitress, though a really nice girl, didn't take very good care of us.She got our sodas (and we only got sodas--no liquor/beer) and she gave us menus.She was friendly, but we were ready to order shortly after and we didn't see her again for 21 minutes, just as we were going to leave!She did apologize for that and took our order.I ordered the Artichoke SpinDip and my friend ordered a Turkey Sandwich and some onion rings...45 minutes pass by.Yes... 45 minutes, and NO food OR waitress.She came by at that point to apologize for our food taking so long and assured us that she would "take care of [us]" on the bill to compensate for the slow food service.Finally our food came out, and everything was pretty good.  It wasn't anything to write home about, but it was good.  I'd get the spin dip again!Anyhow, the waitress did try to take care of our bill and she also gave us two drink chips for the trouble, too, but she was a very avoidy with us, and that didn't help the service recovery any.All in all, she did her best on service recovery, but since this is nowhere in my normal stomping ground, I won't make a point of returning and I also won't choose this spot the next time I'm in Shadyside.PROS:  In the heart of Shadyside on Walnut St.Full Bar/Full MenuCONS:Service was "meh...", at best.Bathrooms are downstairs and pretty rough
1	So, you're outside walking and it's dark out. How is it possible that you walk into a bar and it's even darker? Well, my friends, it is possible at Mario's.From what you can see, the place looks pretty cool. It's clean. Nice big bar. I remember liking the decorative old fashioned ceiling. It was pretty quiet and low key for being a night for entertainment - yes, karaoke was going on and it was mighty fun for the dozen or so people that are actually at the restaurant.Your eyes eventually adjust and you meet your waitress after awkwardly seating yourself. She gets you a water and hands you a menu. Then she disappears. For twenty minutes. She apologizes and takes your order as you're literally about to leave and finally refills your drink.Eventually, after all of that water, you need to use the facilities. Let me warn you ladies --- don't wear difficult shoes here! The bathroom, although clean and bright (blindingly bright compared to the rest of the place) is at the bottom of steep stairs! I can only tell you the damage I would do to myself if I combined alcohol, those stairs and some high heels! :)So, you've drank all of your water and the entertainment is waning. You're then wondering why you're still there. Oh, yeah, that's right. You ordered food FORTY FIVE MINUTES AGO!I ordered some avacado turkey sandwhich. It was okay, a little dry so order some mayo or ranch if you decide that you want to go somewhere and wait over an hour for mediocre food and crap service.Oh, and just a reminder, when the waitress tells you that your bill is taken care of because of how awful the service was, remember that "taken care of" actually means they're knocking $3.50 off of it and tossing in a drink chip.........Hey Mario - I won't be seeing you.
4	This review is for lunch at Mario's (as opposed to the nightlife which most people seem to be reviewing here). I can't compare the lunch menu to that of Doc's since I frequented Doc's at night, but not to eat, however, I very much like the food at Mario's. Most recently, I enjoyed the True Hugger sandwich and was quite pleased. The hummus is great and the veggies are fresh. Plus, I am a huge fan of the curly fries.Service was a little slow given that it was not crowded, but aside from that, I have no complaints. It is so nice to find a place where you can sit outside in any weather, since the covering keeps is relatively cool in the summer heat, and they add heatlamps to keep you warm in the winter.I'll be back soon.
1	Came here for an early dinner, a group of 7 altogether. I ordered a beef burger with cheese, medium well. My burger came and it was gynormous, too pink in the middle and worst of all 'charred'. 'Charred' to the point it had me gagging. I took two bites and didn't touch it again. The waitress asked how everything was before I'd taken a bite (I ate some of my fries first, so my B), and didn't ask if it was okay when I still hadn't eaten it after everyone else was finished. She took it away and still didn't ask. I don't know about the rest of the world but if I'm ordering a $9 burger it's my goal to eat it entirely.The check came, and wasn't separated (although we were a group of seven 20-somethings that obviously didn't go together check-wise), so it sucked to figure out. We had to write our names down next to our items on the receipt since our waitress couldn't separate it for us. I asked for my burger to be taken off, since it was burnt and I didn't eat it. She told me right away that I should have said something earlier so they could have made me another (I would have LOVED to have been asked why I wasn't eating my burger, if everything was okay) and said she'd ask the manager. The manager took my burger off of the check, and our waitress told me that next time I shouldn't order medium well and it won't be so charred. Funny thing though, everything our party ordered was 'charred'. Including the chicken on the nachos. So I call BS. Oh, and I order medium well burgers everywhere I go and am never assaulted in the mouth by a burnt burger. Red Robin makes awesome medium well burgers. Anyway. In addition to figuring the check out being a nightmare, some of us used cash and should have gotten change, and didn't. The waitress confused us and didn't do a good job with the check.The chairs upstairs on the deck were wire and extremely uncomfortable to sit on, as a woman wearing shorts. I had the imprint on the back of my legs for half an hour... The bathroom upstairs was creepy. My stall didn't latch shut, and the paper towel dispenser was broken.Will never be back here. Ever. Shady Grove is right across the street and 1000x better.
3	My experience is based on late-night weekend drinking/carousing; I'd go somewhere else for food. Mario's is primarily a souped-up college bar. Since remodelling from Doc's, the upstairs is much nicer. Yes, it gets crowded but it's still not too hard to get a drink. Overall, I like Mario's better than most other similar offerings in Shadyside.
1	dont eat here!only drink here!and only if you are not in a hurry bc the  service is awful.
3	Post Christmas Celebration at Mario's East Side.The place was moderately busy for a Wednesday night.   The bartenders were very attentive and kept our drinks filled.    The vibe was good.I did not eat.   There is an upstairs section that seems pretty cool but was deserted (the crowd was downstairs).If you are meeting friends for a few beers - this place is as good as any.Service - GreatAtmosphere - a plus - many like minded people at the bar wanting to have a good time.Food - ?I will go back.
2	Meh... The rooftop is nice but I was overwhelmingly underwhelmed. Our server was nice enough until she seemed to think that we were not drinking fast enough. She stopped by several times to see if we wanted another round and literally rolled her eyes when met with a "not yet." We had two rounds in an hour, so I wouldn't normally consider that to be overstaying our welcome... maybe this is more of a beer bong crowd. Part of the rooftop was blocked off for some kind of tv show filming. There was a group of girls who must have been the real skanks of Pittsburgh. Not sure what that was all about, but it led to a strange experience all around.
4	4 stars for 25 cent wings on Mondays. And these are some big, crispy wings with some decent choices of sauces...I think garlic habanero (something like that) was my favorite. With BWW increasing their prices (now 60 cents on Wing Tuesdays!) Mario's is better...and the wings are meatier.Other than the wings, it's a great place for young people to hang out in Shadyside. They've got a nice rooftop area, and if you don't like to be around smoking in Pittsburgh bars, the downstairs is non-smoking. It's a little pricey for college students...but has a great atmosphere. Trivia on Thursdays is also really fun...but get there at least an hour early because there's not a lot of space to sit on the bottom floor.
2	I want to like Mario's, I really do. I always have a good experience with the bartenders, and the handful of times I've ordered food here, it's been decent. But there's just a vibe I can't shake about the place, like the other patrons think I'm not cool enough to be there.They have a decent variety of drink and food specials, and other things throughout the week like karaoke and wing nights. But there are dress code signs on the door (like seriously, places that require a dress code that is posted on the door? they make me uneasy), and a feeling of general discomfort I get by not meeting some imaginary 'cool' quota each time I walk in.You know in high school, when you were one of the nerds, and the cool kids were like, 'what are you doing at our lunch table, dork?' That is how I feel when I walk into Mario's. Like I just dropped my protractor and everyone is laughing at me.Alas, my husband's bromance lives right down the street, and we always end up meeting him here for drinks, so I shall continue to withstand the uncomfortable feelings to enjoy a couple of rounds in the early afternoon. I'm grateful for the good bartenders who make this more bearable and don't mind if I accompany my vodka with a few games of bowling on my Ti-83.
4	This was my first time returning to this place since it was Doc's, and wow...what an improvement! We stopped in to catch a game on NFL Sunday Ticket and it ended up being a great choice!We were there around noon and the bar stayed low-key for most of the afternoon while we were there. The service was really good, the bartender was nice, and the food was solid (for bar food). Not to mention, I didn't get any pushback when asking to get a non-Steelers game on one of the TV's. There was a small sampling of fans for other teams watching games on other TV's as well. Now, I can't attest to the crowds at any other day/time of the week, but if you're an out-of-towner looking for a place to catch your NFL team on a Sunday, Mario's is definitely a solid option.
5	Best service I've received in Pittsburgh! The food is pretty good, the drinks are decent and the bartenders are quick!
5	Awesome Pizza
4	I love coming here with friends for Trivia Night on Thursday nights. The food is pretty good for bar food, and the bartenders are always friendly. They have great happy hour specials as well. $3 absolut drinks on Thursdays for Trivia Night and $2 blue moon drafts on Saturdays. There are plenty of other things to do on Walnut Street, so Mario's is in a great spot. Parking can be a bit tricky at times, but a few blocks behind is Kentucky Ave, and it's usually pretty easy to find a spot on this street.If you're looking for a great spot to watch the Steelers, Pens, or Pirates, and you're looking for great prices on drinks, check out Mario's. It's definitely a step up from most bars.
2	The few times that I have been to Mario's, it has been excessively loud, incredibly crowded and there's always some chick puking in the bathroom.
3	I'd give this 3.5 stars if I could.  Based on the weekends, you'd think it's just a douchey 20 something bar.  But I actually dig this place during the week.  First of all, the food is pretty damned good. The pizzas are fab and so are the sweet potato fries.  Not a huge fan of the pepperoni rolls (not enough seasoning), but you can't win em all.  Trivia night here is great, but BUSY.  So show up early.  (P.S. If you're into the 20 something craziness though, this place deserves 5 stars on the weekends.  You'll love it!)
3	I was at Mario's for late night drinks multiple times before I finally ate here.  I must say it is quite a different place around dinner time being surrounded by contributing members of society than it is on a Friday night (Disclaimer: I very much enjoy the nightlife here).It was a Monday so I had the wings that were on special for .39 a wing.  They had a decent selection of sauces.  I went with hot ranch.  They were pretty good, nice and crispy, and I'd have them again.  The fries were overcooked.They have some decent specials throughout the week with half-off drinks* and $5 appetizers during happy hour.  The exception to happy hour being that "premium" drinks" were not half-off.  In this case, that includes Head Hunter IPA by Fat Head's (sigh).  It's one of my favorites, however, and is worth the $6 if you're a big IPA fan like me.  Other than Fat Head's and a couple other choices, the craft beer selection isn't impressive.The atmosphere is cool.  It's a nice place to meet up for a few drinks or catch the game.
4	I had the Mario's Club Sandwich and it was EXCELLENT! This turkey, ham, bacon, lettuce, and tomato filled sandwich is just what you need when your hungry. This sandwich is served with great tasting and nice and thin french fries and a pickle. This sandwich is stuffed to the top with turkey and ham and 4 slices of bacon. The turkey, ham, and bacon are just the right temperature and the bread the sandwich is surged on is nice and crispy, but enogub about the food. The music choice for this BAR is very poor, the whole time I was there all they played was pop and hip hop music. The survers were very busy but I even tried to get their attention and either I was too quiet or they just didn't hear me. In conclusion it is a very good reastuarant for affordable and tasty food.
4	Mario's East Side has my favorite wings in the city.  If you enjoy super spicy wings, they are by far the best.Quaker Steak Wings are spicy, but lack flavor and usually leave me sick.  Fat Head's are spicy but lack consistent quality in their wings.I've had Mario's wings dozens of times and they are always top quality.  The celery is also always in good shape and the blue cheese dressing is nice and chunky.Their pizza, wings, and fish are also good, but the wings are were they shine.
4	Mario's has always been a favorite bar and restaurant of mine. I go with friends on most Thursdays for Trivia with Arnel. Its a blast. My only complaint is the service. The past few times I have been there, I have had the same horrible experience with the waitress Katelin. Last night, she wouldn't let us move one table over to a high top so we could be closer to the trivia booth. She asked us "why?" we wanted to move and then ultimately said no we could not, even though it was still her section. She left empty plates on our table for almost an hour before we started to stack them up ourselves. She brought the wrong drink to one of my friends and when we told her, she proceeded to roll her eyes. Then at the end of the night she said she "couldn't remember what each of us ordered," almost refusing to split the check for us (only 4 of us).This isn't going to stop us from going to one of the most fun places in Pittsburgh, but we will do everything in our power to not sit in her section the next time we go.
4	Now the only reason that I am giving Mario's 4 stars versus 5 is that I've had many positive experiences there. Some of the servers and bartenders there are absolutely incredible. Rosie, Zack, Ian, Claudette, and Nate not only remember their customers, but they treat them like old friends. They are quick, efficient, and just overall amazing people. Again, overall my boyfriend and I frequent Marios at least twice per week and we are treated very well.HOWEVER, tonight was a horrific experience. We came on wing night for the 39 cent wing deal and our short, brown-haired (with pink highlights) waitress was slow, unattentive, and billed us drinks she never got around to serving us. Now normally we are sympathetic for the 1 waitress working the upstairs deck on Monday nights because she is the only one there and there tend to be a decent amount of people there. Plus we should have known better when it took her 10 minutes to come over to us to place our drink and food order. That, however, would be one of the last times we saw her that night. Instead of picking up the bills from the multiple tables that wanted to cash out or order more drinks, she was texting on her phone and hanging out at the bar. Now I'm not sure why she didn't get the hint when several customers approached her at her work station for various reasons, but she just didn't. She continued to check her phone and ignore the restaurant patrons until the bartender had to step in and deliver her food, refill the drinks, and cash the checks. In fact, at one point we asked her for more drinks and although she never brought them, she did manage to ring them up on our bill. We didn't fight the mistake because we did not feel like being there for another 45 minutes. This marked a milestone for us at Marios. This was the first time that we did not tip our waitress as her blatant disrespect, check miscalculations, and laziness prevented us from doing so.We will be back. We just hope that the awful waitress won't be!
4	We went in for a quick drink and found out that happy hour is a great time to go and ended up staying for longer than planned. We got some really yummy and cheap drinks ($2.25) and I was pleasantly surprised by how tasty the bar food is! I think it's the best bar food I've ever had actually. We got the platter with mozzarella sticks, chicken tenders, and potato wedges, as well as some wings. Nomnom. As others have said, the service is a bit lacking at times. The server sat us down and then never really came back, so we had to go to the bar to order drinks. The bartender was nice, but she didn't tell us that some appetizers weren't included in the happy hour specials. We only found out after the bill came and she just said, "oh I thought you knew that some of the items weren't included in the happy hour special." How would we have known if we made it very clear when we were ordering drinks that we had never been here before?? We had to ask what drinks were available because they didn't have any drink menus and the board only listed some of the available options. I'd give this place a lower rating for the service, but for now, four stars because the food was so good and the happy hour really is a good deal.
4	Great place to come on a weekend night! Very fun and good crowd! The only negative thing I saw was that there is a $10 minimum when paying with credit card!
2	Storytime!Weekend. 12:30 AM. Out being rowdy with a nice group of friends. "Let's go to Mario's." Reluctantly, I oblige--we walk in and head to the top floor. A DJ poorly transitions 90s favorites with modern hits. The place is packed--short skirts, popped collars, the reek of cologne and stale beer. We find a place to group together and dance/talk/drink a bit. A group of well-dressed 20-something bros starts laughing and wafting in my direction. "Bro, I just let out a wicked fart, and it's COMIN' YOUR WAY. IT'S SO GROSS." I can confirm that it was gross.A waitress walks by and spills beer all over my leg. Whoops. She grabs my shoulder and says "whoops." A girl falls over trying to take off her heels. A few more girls stumble around as some dudes smell the vulnerability and swoop in to talk about how expensive their watches are.I don't mean to be negative, and I'm always down for a party...I'm just not trying to have a bunch of bros fart on me. I thought we had enough of that in college.Mario's is an alright sports bar as long as you don't go after 10 PM on Thursday-Saturday. Whenever I've been for food and sports and a Yuengling, I haven't been disappointed; the service could be a bit slow, but oh well.
3	This location is certainly better than the south side, but still not my favorite bar to go to. I ordered a gin and tonic and received gin and seltzer water..yummy. I was too shy to ask for it to be redone, plus I do not like wasting things. The second was better, but it was a different person who made it. It looked to me like the actual bartender had left and some other staff member was filling in who was not a bartender. Either way not a perfect experience. May be back I am not sure yet.
2	Mario's is full of Brah Dudes. If you're 21 and a Brah Dude yourself or wanting to meet a bunch of Brah Dudes, you might enjoy it.  It's not a place I'd choose to get food; I've tried a few things there and they were super mediocre. The best thing about it is the rooftop deck, which has been nicely renovated since Mario's purchased the bar.  Pretty nice on a summer afternoon.
