2	I've only been here once, but the wait in line didn't seem worth it, and there weren't many options on the menu.  I was expecting there to be slightly more on the menu than eggs + bacon and pancakes.  Also, prepare yourself to reek like bacon grease when you walk out of Ironworks cafe.  I don't think they have a very good ventilation system or something because my clothes and hair absolutely stunk afterward.I strongly disagree with other reviewers that say this is the beast breakfast in town.  They obviously haven't been to Sophia's or La Brioche. :D
5	Woohoo is right on!  I went here only because I happened to be in the Goodman Center and boy am I happy I was.  Yeah there were only a few options on the menu but I talked to the kid working there and it's because they change the menu every day so there is always something new.  The coffee was good, the food was ridiculously good and I bought a bunch of their baked goods to take home and ate them all up because they were also beyond good.  Good, good, good.  And I didn't smell bacon grease at all.  It was also really cheap for being so tasty.  I wish it were closer to my area so I could go all the time but it will be a nice treat when ever I am at the center.
4	The ironworks cafe is a fabulous choice for anyone that is looking for a chill location to pick up some good eats for a reasonable price.  Yes, the service will be slower and their may be hiccups during the dining experience but that is to be expected when dining at a restaurant that partners with East High School's alternative educational program.  The menu is small but creative and everything we have eaten there was fabulous, not to mention the price is right.  Everything is served a la carte so if you are looking for a sit down breakfast this is not the place for you.  Bottom line if you are simply looking for good food that supports local produce and local schools you can't go wrong.
4	Went for brunch a few weeks ago, and we were super impressed. The food selection was fancy and the feel was very laid back - like a coffee shop. I love how it is all high school students - they take it really seriously. Can't wait until it opens up for DINNER! I heard a rumor it is BYOB.
2	When we walked in, two high school age kids were standing behind the counter having a serious discussion about some cash register procedure.  I stood there, waiting.  Five minutes later, I was still waiting.  My husband, who was ill, had to go sit down before we were even greeted.  That's about how the customer service went.Even though it was a Sunday morning, there wasn't much in the bake case that day.  The menu didn't have much to offer, and what there was looked too heavy for us--bacon-and-eggs type stuff.  Dan ended up with apple juice, while I had a cup of coffee and snagged the last muffin, a poor misshapen thing--looked like maybe somebody dug a mouse out of it on the way out of the oven.  We made something to eat when we got home, and haven't gone back.
4	Had lunch here recently after a long bike ride. It's right on the Capitol City bike path, just off Atwood. I had an amazing smoked summer squash sandwich...zucchini and yellow squash and some kind of creamy, yummy sauce. It was on a focaccia bread that was the perfectly right amount of crispy/chewy/soft. A little messy because of the sauce, but oh well...I was dining alone.  Alongside was their house salad - mixed spring greens, with little bites of beets and summer squash throughout, and sweet potato shavings. The dressing was out of this world. The latte was ok, nothing special. I took home a basil shortbread and a carrot cake-cream cheese sandwich, both wonderful. The two students who waited on me were friendly and earnest. The food took awhile to come out...longer than 20 minutes. But it was worth the wait. I agree that this does have a laid-back coffee house vibe. I'm not sure what one reviewer meant when she said that this isn't the place for a sit-down breakfast. There are plenty of tables, and although you order at the counter, they bring your food to you and clear your plates.
5	I like everything about Ironworks Cafe, from its modest location (tucked inconspicuously into a corner of the handsome Goodman Center), to the decor, the mission (locally-sourced foods, jobs training), and finally the food. If you want a place that serves all the old stand-bys, then Ironworks may not be for you: the menu rotates and is usually kind of limited. But I've liked - really liked - everything I've had here: top quality ingredients, well-prepared. The service at the counter is definitely a little indifferent and/or amateurish at times, but to my thinking it kind of adds to the charm. Despite its relatively small size, this place has never been crowded when I've visited, which may be a result of people going to places with more "polished" service.
5	If you are going for "polished" service, you aren't going to get it.  The main mission of the Ironworks Cafe is to teach high school youth - down-and-out high school youth - how to work.  These aren't the kids from the A crowd, the kind that normally hold down jobs.  I love that going there is supporting this great opportunity for youth.  I recently learned that one of the youth just got hired on by another area coffee shop.  Excellent!The food is INCREDIBLE.  The kind you'd expect to spend $15 for, and you'll get it for half of that price.  Most recently I've had the eggs benedict with salmon, an apricot crepe that was so big I had to stuff down the last bites (because I refused to not eat every last bite), and a similar wild mushroom crepe. Menu changes a lot, but the chef (who while he is making your food is also teaching high school students how to run a kitchen) could work at a five star restaurant.Not the place to go when you are in a hurry, but worth the wait.
1	Food a disgrace.Bakery cloyingly sweet.Service terrible.It all change when Underground left. Will never go back.
4	I was just there last weekend for the first time in over a year, and the menu has definitely changed. It's pretty breakfast-mainstream as opposed to when it was more culinary adventurous. I heard the underground food collective brothers were behind the first menu, but they moved on.Food quality was downgraded also - probably 3 stars. Coffee is still good, the employees are still nice, and I still like the idea of this place.
5	The food was superb in flavor and presentation and the coffee was brewed to perfection. This is a must visit for those that wish to support local business and care about helping deserving community activities.
3	I went for lunch on a Sunday, and had a Groupon.  It took a little while for the cashier to figure out how to charge us, but we ordered everything okay.  The Sunday menu is all brunch food, which is really very breakfasty (I had been hoping for a sandwich).  The food took a while to arrive - especially considering that they weren't all that busy - but it was extremely tasty and worth the wait.  The coffee was good, too.  The space is also pretty cool, with a high ceiling and (unsurprisingly) a bit of an industrial feel.  This seems like a good place for a laid-back breakfast/lunch/brunch, but make sure you allow plenty of time for your visit.  I really like that this cafe partners with East High's alternative ed program.
5	This place is amazing.  First things first: The food was outstanding, and the place had a lot of charm.  The coffee was also more than decent.  The wait was no longer than I'd expect for a Saturday Brunch. Secondly: The kids that work in the cafe are obviously not seasoned professional waiters, but what they lack in expertise they more than make up in fresh faces and friendly attitudes.  Keep in mind, they're high school students in the process of learning valuable work skills.  All in all, it was darling, and I will definitely come back again.
4	Our weekly TGIF breakfast at Ironworks Cafe was delightful. Come hungry - portion sizes were huge. Friendly, chatty staff.  We got there right when it opened, so it was still quiet - no lines. For $20, we tried the frittata (made with local ingredients and served with a side salad), the chai oatmeal (made with housemade chai, served with raisins and topped with fresh strawberries and blueberries), a lemon ginger scone (YUM!), and their private label coffee from "Just Coffee" co-op.  Yes, I would definitely recommend this place!
5	This place is run entirely by high school students: front counter, cooking, supplies ordering, money management, etc. I'm disappointed by the people writing negative reviews. We should be proud to support these kids while they learn the skills to run a business and provide good customer service. Their food is fabulous and the space is great. Damn good job. They are rockin it at Ironworks.
4	Simple local breakfast place ran by high schoolers learning how to run a kitchen. Not a huge selection of food but definitely do a great job with what they serve. Had the omelet w choice of fillings. And tried the butternut squash soup. For the situation definitely worth coming to try the placeSupport local and support the idea
1	Worst Service EverOrdered a latte that took 30 minutes to get, along with the 6 people in front of me waiting for their hot beverages. The girl working obviously had NO training. When I asked her how long she worked there, she said a couple months. She forgot the flavor shot and when she added it her fingers were low enough on the spoon when she mixed it that they dipped into my beverage. How does this place pass food safety regulations? I threw the whole thing out. Don't go here. This place needs some serious management and customer service leadership.
5	I had peanut pork soup that was one of the best soups I've ever had. The spicey pork sandwich is great and the greens are, week green. The girl working behind the counter was so new as that it's not fair to comment on her.  The food is top notch.
