5	This bar is wonderful. Cozy, beautifully decorated, and helmed by Brian (Bryan?), who is maybe the friendliest bartender/proprietor I've ever encountered. Here is a sampling of some of the awesomeness:+ great tap & bottle selection, all of which Brian was knowledgeable about and hand-picked+ music mix ranging from Elvis to My Morning Jacket, with a willingness for requests+ lots of detail and charm in the styling, from the beautiful sink and Chesterfield ad in ladies' room to the immobile paint-can top mobile on the wall behind the stageWe stopped in for a drink and stayed for nearly five hours. Wonderful.
5	From lemon drop to IPA, this place is the real deal!
4	This is the kind of place where I can see myself going to for a night cap on a cold Wisconsin winter's night. The decor's great, it's super chill, and drinking beverages out of Mason jars is fun. I also really dig their music selection. For people who have a hard time in crowded and loud bars and just want a place to relax and hit a few back, I'd highly recommend the Mason Lounge! Also, while they don't have a food menu (yet?), you can order pizza from Falbo Bros next door.
4	What a great addition to the neighborhood! While the Rustic Tavern may have it's time and place, The Mason Lounge is a quirky, comfortable, and classy place to get a glass of wine, hard to find beer (Magic Hat #9 on tap?!), and a nice selection of bourbon and scotch to boot. The bartender was knowledgeable and friendly without being pushy. I will definitely be going back.
4	This place is pretty cool and, fortunately, it's pretty nearby to where I live.1. Great tap beer - a nice variety of regional beers on tap, with more . They have no issues letting you taste before you try.2. Good atmosphere - the couches, old-wisconsin decor, and lighting give the place a very comfortable and cozy feel.3. Friendly service - the bartenders and owner love chatting it up with patrons. All seem to have fairly unique things to add to a conversation as well.
5	I happened upon Mason's when walking to Inka Heritage down South Park and am so glad I did. While not super-extensive, the beer and whiskey/scotch menus were concise, and I mean this as a total compliment. No extraneous garbage beer, all great options complimenting a comfy, well-thought out interior.
4	Great cozy feel and great beer list. Much cooler inside than you would think from seeing the outside.
4	this bar is great. it's cozy and divey and not crowded... and all of those things considered, they have a pretty solid beer list. i was so stoked to see magic hat #9 on tap! i love the quirky art and installations on the walls and around the bar. i really like this place and will definitely be back.
4	Excellent tap beer selection, including several European and West Coast beers (e.g. Franziskaner and Rogue). Very good bourbon selection as well and the pours are not stingy. Best of all, it's a perfect place for a conversation. Even as it fills up, it is not too loud to hear your friends (cf. The Coopers Tavern which is often deafening). The decor is just right, comfortable and not fancy. Couches and armchairs are a nice touch. According to the Cap Times review they close 90 minutes before bar time, so don't go after midnight.
4	Offers a great selection of taps ranging from all over the U.S. Many other local beer bars tend to focus solely on Wisconsin beers, which is fine, but its nice to have a Madison beer bar that refuses to only offer state brews. Often rotating between such offerings as Founders, Dogfishead, Upland, and Bear Republic, among others. Bottle selection is good too. Liquor selection looks solid but i'm not much of a liquor drinker so i can't really tell. Ok wine selection for non beer and liquor drinkers. The highlight of the place is really the interior. Cool atmosphere with an intriguing design style. Tenders seem to be fairly knowledgable and helpful. Good prices as well. I recommend stopping in if you like craft beer and are in the area.
5	Probably one of the coolest bars in Madison. Quirky without being pretentious, laid back without being soporific. Fantastic beer selection and really friendly staff.
5	This is an ideal lounge for a small group of people.  So laid back, a bunch of couches, enough wacky stuff to look at on the walls, and SO MANY NORTHWESTERN (+ Colorado) BEERS!  20 taps is enough to keep anyone happy, especially working through the kegs they have rotating in and out. Good service, good chatter.  Ah, relaxation.
5	The Mason Lounge is a cozy bar with a fantastic tap.  It retains neighborhood watering hole cachet while simultaneously catering to a "hipster" crowd. Every time I've visited, the tap list delights.  Amazing beers at very reasonable prices. I like that there are a variety of seating alcoves.  I've always been able to find a place to sit, and you can hear your friends over other patrons without straining or yelling (some bars escalate to a cacophonous din as the hours grow later). The bar staff has always been busy, but very friendly.
5	Nice chill bar. Away from the hoi polloi. Good selection of whiskey and beer (rotates). Lemon drop is very good too. Good atmosphere, can get loud as the night goes on.
4	I think my favorite thing about this bar are the little doo-dads that raise and lower when the doors to this place swing open. It's a little creepy to see something raise and lower from the ceiling from the corner of your eye as you sip (or voraciously swallow) one of their stellar tap beers. I also enjoy how this place is decorated; it is dark inside without being dive-bar dark (not that there is anything wrong with that). The bartenders are friendly and attentive. The furniture in here really has no rhyme or reason but somehow it seems to fit perfectly with what is going on here. So do the pastel colored paint can lid art on the back wall. I am not a fan of the parking situation. Thankfully my friends live a few blocks down so this typically is not an issue for me. The other thing I am not a fan of is that they close at 1 am. Some of us keep later schedules on the weekends! If you are looking for a low-key, non fussy bar with fantastic beer on tap, stop in. You will not be disappointed.
5	I consider myself lucky to live within walking distance of one of my favorite bars in Madison. Coincidence?  Oddly enough, not.  The ambiance is great for catching up with friends or for a cozy date night.  Dimly lit but not dark, lively enough but not obnoxious. You don't have to worry about your barmates getting distracted by tv's, but they certainly could be by the eclectic decor. Every time I'm in here I notice something I didn't see before, the colorful paint can lids hanging from a branch, neckties as wall art, a bobbing lil' head that rises and falls when the bathroom door opens.  You know, the usual stuff.  The staff is friendly and knowedgable, they have a very nice scotch & bourbon list and are able to offer great recommendations.  If you roll in here around 10pm on a weekend you'll be hard pressed to find a seat and there's not a ton of standing-around room.  I'm definitely looking forward to the summer when their outdoor back patio opens up (although I believe they also close it up on the early side, perhaps 10pm, due to being in a residential area). BOTTOM LINE:  Great service, drinks & ambiance. Even if I didn't live around the corner, It would be a safe bet that you could find me here.
5	Yep - this is The Spot!It is simply the feeling you get when you walk in....that feeling that you found a place to sit down, relax, have a drink, talk with friends or with perfect strangers and know that everyone in the place is having a similar feeling.Oh, and did I mention the "drinks?" They always have a top-notch selection of some of the best beers, scotch, bourbons, and whsikeys money can buy. My fiance and I absolutely love this little treasure and we are lucky enough to be able to walk there from our home. If you haven't checked it out yet, what are you waiting for? Come on down, pull up a chair and say HI!
4	The Mason is a nice, polite bar with a friendly atmosphere. Music is at a reasonable volume and there are no televisions, so you can really focus on catching up with your friends rather than trying to look cool or staring at a basketball game you couldn't care less about.It's a homey place with lots of charm. You should pay it a visit.
5	Great bar with a huge selection of craft beers that changes from week to week. Really, this place is awesome: a gem tucked far away from the hustle and bustle of downtown Madison. The ambiance is best described as quirky, relaxed, and cozy. The bar decorations are pretty amusing (a bobs hanging from the ceiling that go up and down when certain doors open, a hen roosting above the bar, etc), and the bartenders are cool. The only problem is seating. It's a fairly small place so it fills up fast.
4	Simply put: Fantastic.I remember going in there about a year and a half ago with a couple of friends, right when they opened--we were the only people in there!I'm thrilled to see them doing so well! Incredible beer selection (uh...Hopslam and Hop Head Red on tap?! Count me in!) and plenty of impromptu mini-concerts--like their second-Wednesday-of-the-month Bluegrass Night make it a must-visit venue.Bartenders are excellent, everyone who goes there is excellent, and the venue is outstanding. I may live up near the capitol, but I'm always happy to schlep down to The Mason for a bit of booze and some Bluegrass!
5	Great atmosphere, good beer selection, yummy snacks, and friendly bartenders.  Will definitely be recommending this place and coming back.
4	I personally like it when bartenders know beer--I didn't REALIZE that this was a liberal trait.  I guess I've learned an important lesson...?WHATEVER.Rather than go on a sneering diatribe about other people's politics and behaviors, I'd like to get to the Mason.  I absolutely loved everything about the atmosphere, beer selection, and friendly staff here.  I will definitely be back to catch some live music AND some expertly recommended beer.
5	This is a sweet spot in Madison if you like beer! The space is great for hanging out, and you can even play the games they have in the corner, or bring your own cribbage board. They have rotating taps, and seem to always feature a beer I've never tried before. They do not have food, but you can always get delicious pizza from Falbo's next door.
5	I feel like they could have filmed Cheers here! This quaint hole in the wall is easy to pass up on Park, but you should park and take a look inside. There's a hefty dose of quirk, knowledgeable bartenders, and more comfy seating than an Ashley Home Store. It's not really fair to call this place a dive bar, although it has a few of those characteristics. And "lounge" is in the title, but the atmosphere is miles better than Paradise downtown. I wish Wisconsin quirk was a category on Yelp.
5	Yelp claims: "Outdoor Seating: No." The Internet is a den of lies, don't trust it!! I too thought the Mason didn't have outdoor seating and wasted two whole summers avoiding it on this account. In fact, they have a wonderful little back patio/beer garden with picnic tables.
4	Beer in a mason jar? Why yes, yes I will.The Mason has a sweet selection of taps and Sarah behind the bar is awesome. This place has zero pretension and has some nice couches and tables for loungin' around. I've walked/biked by this place hundreds of times without batting an eye, but now that I know it's there I'll be back soon. Such a gem!
5	Went here for the first time, great bar! Good vibe and great beer selection. Bartender is attentive and knowledgeable
5	I love personality and I love the Mason Lounge's personality.  There is a stuffed chicken in a hollowed out area behind the bar.  So random but it works with this place.  In a way, it was like hanging out in someone's dare-I-say hipster garage.  And I say hipster in the best way possible, it just defines the amount of quirk they have.Fun beer selection!!  Can not go wrong here!!
5	Great relaxed atmosphere. Fantastic beer selections and the bartender was amazing at offering suggestions based on our preferences. Quirky decor and a great variety of people to keep things interesting. It's become our favorite bar in Madison.
