3	I am fortunate enough to not - personally - have a need for glasses.  But members of the family do, and Lenscrafters is even conveniently located right next to the eye doctor.  As a bonus, they have a secret passage in between the two, so that you can sneak between the two stores, in case you are worried about someone catching you picking up a pair of glasses when you would rather no one see you.Frankly I think that they need this sort of thing for when you are somewhere other than the eye doctor, but hey, whatever floats your boat.The staff at Lenscrafters is actually really nice, and other than the fact that there are so many frames to choose from, even in the kids' section (or especially in the kids' section), it's a nice facility.  Pick out the glasses, go shopping around the rest of the mall or pick up a bite, come back in an hour or so, and they will have you ready to go - even filing your insurance for you.  Nice if it's the sort of thing you need to do.
2	They have a wide selection but what is unknown to most people is that all the brands they carry are owned by the same company that owns Lens Crafter. So they are able to keep their prices fair steep. It didnt bother me, since my insurance covers a large majority of the cost, which my insurance company also happens to be owned by the large foreign company that owns the glasses brand & lens crafter.  (I learned all this after the fact.)The person helping me fit my glasses was extremely nice however, I did feel a little pressured to upgrade to things that my insurance did not cover.
3	After making an appointment online, for an eye exam, I was very impressed with the service. Unfortunately the options were a little slim.  Upon arriving to Lenscrafter, I was told to step next door for my eye exam. The service was great and one of the first appointments I have made that I actually was in the room right on time. The eye doctor was very thorough and explained everything. I received my updated results and stepped into Lenscrafter and browsed the glasses when I was approached to be assisted. We sat down where they took pictures of all options I had, a great view to see what works best. I did not make a purchase only because I didn't find the frames I wanted, but overall was satisfied with the service.
