2	I needed a pedicure and manicure before I went on vacation, so I figured I would try out this spot at Kierland Commons and get some shopping done as well. The place is pretty nice inside, but rather lacking in comfort, which is kind of important if you are going to sit still for an hour and a half for a mani and pedi.  The pedicure chair was alright (no massager though), but the manicure stool/bar was quite uncomfortable, ergonomically speaking.  My aesthetician's name was Jody and she was wonderful and a perfectionist!  She also hooked me up with a foot file.  When I checked out, I thought it was rather strange that the front desk person asked, "would you like to add a 20 percent tip?" Jody definitely deserved it, however I found the question impolite.  I mean, I would have been on the spot if I thought the service sucked and what if I would have added more?  Maybe,  "Would you like to add a tip?" is probably the more appropriate question, so the customer can decide the amount or pay cash.  She also did not give me a receipt so, I don't even know what she added to my total. In summary, Jody my aesthetician was awesome.  The front desk service was less than desirable.  None of the seating was comfortable for a salon.  It was overpriced, but I expected that at Kierland.  I doubt I will be back, but if you are shopping at Kierland and need a service on the fly, this spot will get the job done well.
5	I fell in love with this place! I had an eyebrow wax, mani and pedi. Wendy was my aesthetician and she was so great! Friendly and very professional. You could tell she was very knowledgeable and skilled at her craft. I appreciated her opinion about possibilities for treating my skin with regard to some new unwanted sun spots. I scheduled a peel with her a few weeks after my visit.Cathy did my mani/pedi and she was awesome. She took great care and I truly felt she cared about the horrid condition of my nails. She was easy to chat with and I never at any point felt rushed. The salon itself was beautiful, very modern and chic. Add the complimentary glass of wine and it was great experience.Thank you 20 Lounge!
