1	I live in SF and was looking at a 2003 Porsche Targa that these guys are selling. Dealing with Lonnie in Internet sales, I asked to have a pre-purchase inspection done at a local Porsche mechanic (in Scottsdale, with excellent reviews on Yelp, who has been around for almost 40 years) at my expense. When I told him who I wanted to use, he replied that they were "a$$holes" and that he wouldn't let them look at the car. Instead he recommended a mobile PPI service who were not Porsche experts that would do the inspection AT the dealership (with limited capability, and under their watchful eye I'm sure). That's some sketchy used car BS if I ever saw it!!Stay away from this particular car, Lonnie, and the shady dealership!
1	So we hobbled over here in our high heels (car hunting wasn't on the days agenda) from Ferrari to find some Cayenne's they had advertised on-line.  At least the salesman got up out of his chair but had no clue where any of the cars were.  I've never heard "aint" "wanna" and "dunno" so many times in one conversation, let alone from a Lotus salesman.  On the upside, they sell Fisker's here too.  Come in for a little eye candy.
5	I was in the process of selling my BMW and purchasing a VW GTI when I came upon Lotus of Scottsdale and Danny Rains.  They had the car I was looking for and so I sent the impossible request to Danny for his consideration.  I wanted a firm purchase price for my car and a firm sales price for their car before I drove all the way to Scottsdale to finalize the deal.  Based on my autotrader ad and what I told Danny about my car he went to work securing me the best trade-in offer up to that point.  They didn't low ball me or make excuses as to why "my" car was worth less than book, they analyzed the available data and gave me a VERY fair offer the first time.  It was refreshing to deal with a car dealership that didn't treat me like an idiot, but instead treated me with respect and gratitude for my business.  Thank you Lotus of Scottsdale and Danny Rains for making this transaction a pleasurable experience.
