5	My flights on set jet have spoiled me forever! I never want to fly commercial again! Every part of my experience was incredible, from the valet parking attendants, to the professional and courteous staff in the beautiful new terminal, to the cabin hostesses and pilots on those amazing planes. I can't wait for my next flight!
5	Flew from Chicago to Phoenix, then from Scottsdale to Vegas. What a great experience! Walked right on the plane. It was incredibly comfortable, pilots were great, so much better than flying commercial or other private flights. The Set Jet flight was even better than our private flight from Chicago to Phoenix!
5	Great for business travel and personal. Unbelievable planes, flight crews are the best. This is a great way to travel privately. The costs are more that worth the fantastic experience. Reasonable is an understatement. This is the best private travel experience out there.
5	SetJet is a better than first class experience. From the terminal to the Jets, everything is well appointed and every detail is perfect. Arriving to the terminal, the valet greeted me and quickly parked my car. I walked right into the private terminal and checked in with no problems. The lobby was modern and had plenty of space for sitting and even having a meeting. Once our flight was ready it was a quick walk to the plane, no security check since we were all pre screened. It was flying without any hassle and made the experience that much better. We quickly boarded and took off, which was particularly nice since I had a busy schedule of business meetings in Los Angeles. The plane was amazing, the detail was out of this world. Beautiful wood details, leather chairs and couch. It was an experience in itself to be on a jet of this caliber. The flight was perfect. On board drinks and snacks were perfect, with only the best selection. My favorite was the cranberry oatmeal cookies, I ate 3. We landed with ease and I was greeted by my rental car in the Los Angeles terminal. I left the LA airport and thought, this was the easiest flying experience I've ever had. There is no way I'll fly commercial, if Set Jet has a route to the city.
5	Set Jet is undeniably an amazing experience all around, including the professional staff and the personalized service feel from the moment you arrive at their terminal. It's an amazing private travel experience and you certainly can't beat the cost! I would highly recommend Set Jet to anyone looking for an exceptional flying experience.
