4	Fresh and Easy is exactly what it claims to be... Fresh food, easy to buy. Prices are kept low by limiting the overhead, you will not find any baggers here so be prepared. The self bagging policy has never been an issue for me, Fresh and Easy isn't the 'let's spend $200 on groceries' type of store but it's great for picking up a few items you need for dinner that night, or for the weekend bbq you are planning... The pre-packaged, Fresh and Easy brand foods are usually pretty tasty, there have been a couple items I wouldn't get again but the mango salsa isn't one... I LOVE that stuff. The rosemary seasoned potatoes are a quick and yummy side dish. Watch for deals on produce, premade salads and baked goods... They get marked to half off a day or two before they expire.  The employees are Fresh and Easy are very pleasant and ready to help if you need it. I am usually given a coupon when I am checking out for $5 off $20, can't beat that.
5	I fell in love the minute I walked in. I love that you can buy stuff thats already been prepped! U just throw it in the oven. Im there about twice a week now. MMMmmm Mango Salsa! Get some!!
5	great price on vegetables. make sure to check the dates on the packaging and youll be satisfied
2	I've been in this store several times and I just don't like it. When it comes to pricing they are just not competitive except on sale items, and that's if they have the item still in stock. The store concept doesn't seem to know what it is. It's like a cross between an old time corner grocery store meets Whole Foods meets WalMart Neighborhood Market. And the end result is a hodgepodge of items that makes it hit or miss on if you're going to find what it is that you want. Even with this store being so close I find myself driving farther away to get what I need. It just doesn't work for me. I do like the self checkout concept and wish there was more of that in stores, not less. I wish I could like the store, it might have Fresh items, but it's not Easy to find the things you want.
3	As a single person this is a great place to buy small food portions. It's also a great place to stock up on prepackaged snack items for loooong plane rides and road trips. Love it!!!
3	As many note, this is a smaller market with a more limited selection.  However, they really have beefed up their prepared foods in the past few years, as well as the meat and cheese offerings.  They used to be very limited regarding meats, but the meat cooler is now stocked with different sausages, fish, roasts, and steaks.  The prices are very competitive when you compare it to other quality grocery stores (read:  Whole Foods, Trader Joe's, etc).  Don't compare FNE's prices to Wal-Mart, everyone loses to Wal-Mart.  But, they are stocking more products all the time, and their selection is not nearly as limited as it was when it first opened in the valley a few years ago.  We hit this place up whenever we can, and I recommend you do the same.  The strawberry lemonade is worth checking out your closest FNE alone.
4	I love Fresh & Easy. As a British native, I love their small English section of goodies although the prices are marked up ridiculously high so I tend to trek out to the International Market unless I'm really craving something. They have a variety of fresh and organic foods, from fruits and veggies to cookies to frozen fish! The store is well organized, clean, and staff are friendly. Don't forget to check out the reduced items in one of the refrigerator aisles. Always worth a look!
2	We used to only go to fresh and easy for groceries, however, this has changed.Over the last few months, I started to notice that they wouldn't clear the spoils. I know I should have looked, but I have bought expired products from them. We enjoy their coupons, $5 off $25 and what not, no one else really does that, and this is the only place where I have been able to find "plum sauce."However, I just got back from there tonight with my husband (the exterminator) and they have something going on. There were flies/gnats all over the produce. Even in the bagged potatoes. We asked an associate if there was a manager we could notify, and he said there wasn't one on duty (?)
4	I like this store. I shop at Fresh & Easy's every time I'm in Vegas. The prices are a little high and I don't like that they sometimes remind me of Whole-paychecks but it's a convenient one-stop shop for me so hey, I'll deal with it. The staff is helpful when you need them and the store is clean. They do have a lot of stuff on sale so I guess that levels out the high prices of the other items not on sale. I'll shop here, so should you.
4	Great store, helpful staff and decently priced if in a pinch. The union idiots that picket the front of the store day in and day out need to be removed or otherwise disposed of. They have time to chant and run around with a sign and be a nuisance but can't contribute to society with a real job? Interesting me thinks...
5	This is a fantastic store. Associates always friendly. Very clean. Always have registers available. Great selection on produce. Love the stuffed salmon. Miss getting $5 & $10 coupons!!
2	The employees were nice and helpful. The produce looked fresh and was beautifully arranged..however...I was there to pick up some sort of salad for a party I was headed too. Not a lot of full size options available so I chose the mozzarella and grape tomato pasta salad. Not good. Super bland, the mozzarella was gross, honestly there was no taste unless you bit into a tomato. I will NOT be getting this again. Second I thought I would try some curry flavored Kale chips. I thought - I love curry AND I love kale...so this is gonna be good! The first bite I took gave me so many different emotions. At first it was okay, then with every chew it got more and more disgusting. I left it at work thinking maybe someone would like it...everyone's tried it and NO ONE has liked it. It's been sitting there for a week now. Yuck. Also this place is a little pricey. I don't think I'll be coming back anytime soon.
