3	I'll spare you the dumb story as to how I hurt my back one Friday morning.  Let's just say that after the incident, the process of moving from sitting to standing and vice versa was quite painful and had not improved in a day and a half.  I decided to go to urgent care on a Saturday afternoon.I have not been to an urgent care in a few years and I was happy with my experience at CHW in Ahwatukee.  Saturday afternoon seems like a good time to go.  There was only one other person in the waiting room.Less than 5 minutes and my name was called.  The nurse that did the initial assessment and took my vitals was very friendly and caring, more than any other nurse I have interacted with in the last few years.She offered to carry my purse back to the room, asked me if I wanted some water to drink or a cold pack for my back.  She took the pillow from the bed (since I couldn't lay on it because of my back) and set it up in the chair for me.  Then she turned on the TV (in the exam room?!) and put the nurses call button over the bed so I could reach it if needed.Not much to say about the doctor.  He asked a few questions and checked my (limited) mobility.  When talking to him I felt a little rushed, as if he was already on to the next question before I had finished my answer to the first.  Then again, I have had a hurt back before, so I already had an idea there wasn't much he could do for me other than give me something to help with the pain.  I wasn't expecting much, just drugs.Then a different guy came in to explain my prescriptions to me.  I really appreciated that.  I've been to doctors in the past where they just had you the slip and send you on your way without really telling you why, what, or how about your prescription.Overall, going to urgent care is never a fun experience, but this time my visit was pretty good . . . considering.  Then again maybe it is just the drug-induced haze I'm in right now as a result of the muscle relaxers they gave me. =)  Oh well, either way, I'm happy!
1	AVOID!  They bill as an Emergency Room to try and get an extra copay out of you.
3	Arrived at 4:30 for my own not-so smart incident. I think i need stitches!  Four other patients in front of me. The nurse on duty said they would be right with me.Got called by the RN at 4:59, back in the waiting room at 5:08. Got my bracelet and clean gauze. At least there's a plug-in or two in the waiting room to the left of the front door to charge my iPhone.Front desk nurse offered something to drink for another patient, then offered drinks to us all in the waiting room. Not a bad policy!5:52 made it to an examination room. Waiting for the doctor.6:22 Dr Tejada came took a look and agreed, stitches. 6:26 moved to a procedure room and received two stitches and bandaged up.  Out the door at 7:04. Not too bad a wait, friendly and professional staff.
1	Called ahead 12:00 gave me a time for 2:45.  3:00 They called to come down.  4:30 I'm still waiting.  That was the quick service?.  It wasn't even busy.  Mistyped medical forms.  The antibiotic has a listed complication.  Oh yeah, we'll have to retype the prescriptions.  Wait more. The staff spent more time on insurance billing codes than patient needs. A sharps  box (used needles) on the floor. Nurse tells kids stick hands in "all the time".  Don't let your kids stick hands in.?  What is the box doing on the DAMN floor?I wouldn't even take my dog to this place.  Stay away.
1	Zero stars!! This place is a waste. They are currently under construction so the waiting room of tiny, but that I could live with. My husband busted up two of his fingers in a table saw. We took him for stitches. The nurses were all very nice and friendly. However when the Dr came in he was very unsure of himself. They're was a huge lack of confidence and appeared to not know what he was doing. They didn't even offer him anything for the pain. He had lacerations on his middle and index fingers, and both finger nails were cracked and busted up. The Dr satated he may need to go to the ER, and see a hand specialist. He didn't run any x rays to see if he had broken bones he batley did any kind of exam. He came back staying he spoke to an on call hand specialist@ chandler regional medical center and that we should go to the ER. He informed that since he called ahead and we had already been to urgent care the wait would be lessened. once we arrived at the CRMC ER they started there was no hand specialist there and theyrevived no call. The urgent care was a waste of time. My husband is a self pay patient and they will be billing him for that wasted visit to a lazy and unqualified Dr. they should have been able to run x rays in urgent care to see there were no broken bones. In the end we waited 11hrs in the ER just to have them tell us that they would not need to stitch and that his nails will fall off on their own. They cleaned and dressed the wounds. All of this could have been done in the urgent care! We will NEVER return to a CHW facility again. I will be fighting the bill as this Dr was highly unqualified to be in an urgent care
1	This place has insurance fraud written all over it! Did you know, that this URGENT CARE - as stated on every single sign on and around the facility - is really a HOSPITAL?? Yes, really!! And, when do you find this out?? When you receive a bill for over $500 from your insurance company!I can't believe this place has the nerve to place DIGNITY anywhere near their name...even more appalling is the fact that the state allows this place to continue to fleece patients as an ER!We were new to the area and my husband had developed an ear infection. This place was around the corner from our apartment and stated URGENT CARE - which our PPO covers all but $50. So, he spent two hours waiting for some doctor to look in his ear for two minutes, declare he had an ear infection, write him a script for a Z-pack and sent him on his way.A few weeks later, we get a bill from these crooks for over $320!! This is AFTER our insurance paid them nearly $200! We called our insurance - who also agreed that the costs were outrageous - and was informed that this place considers themselves an ER and billed the visit as such!If you drive past the place, all you see are three different signs declaring it an URGENT CARE. No one bother's to inform you it's a "hospital." How they continue to get away with this is baffling! For me, they can pay a collections company to come after me - I have never skipped out on any bills in my life, but hell will freeze over before they get one thin dime from me for this bullsh*t!
3	Conveniently close to Chandler and Ahwatukee. Been here four times in the last 10 or so years; everything from being mauled by a dog to bronchitis.Was here seven months ago for a serious pain episode stemming from a "back injury" -HAHAHAHAHA, uh, that actually turned out to be a dead 10lb kidney beating up my spine. Jerri (??) the PA was fantastic. Knew pretty much all she could do was write some scrips for prescription smack (if you say yay fun drugs I will clock you - there's nothing fun about hallucinations) and tell me to hit the ice. Jerri has better bedside manner than most doctors and nurses combined. Never have used the call ahead feature. Also, check your insurance about billing before you go here. My co-pay was a little more than $40, but been hearing from Yelpers and friends that they bill as a hospital. It's basically what I'd expect from an Urgent Care facility. I realize we're all entitled to our opinions, but come on, Yelpers! Do y'all seriously expect the proverbial "red carpet" to be rolled out? It's just like going to an Emergency Room.
2	Not happy. Came in with my daughter who had extreme pain and swelling in both legs. They didn't register her and then they kept us waiting for an hour. When asked I was told they have a "call ahead" system so some others are ahead of me. Really? Since when was urgent medical care taking reservations? I would do better to go into the ER. I think I will bypass this place in the future.
4	A few days before Christmas I got a cold (pretty typical for me), sore throat, cough, the works basically.  Like normal it started going away after a little while though so I didn't worry about it.  The weird thing though was that the cough never went away.  Then a couple days ago it started getting worse!  I decided I should probably get it checked out to make sure it wasn't something serious.Dignity Health was near my work and able to get me in right away so I stopped in to see them.  The girl at the front was friendly and got me signed in quickly.  After a few minutes another nice lady came to take me into the back and get all my information.  Once that was finished she took me to a waiting room for the actual doctor.  He was also friendly when he arrived and asked lots of questions and checked out my lungs to figure out what was going on.  Apparently I had Bronchitis so he gave me a prescription for some antibiotics to help take care of it.Everyone I dealt with was friendly, knowledgeable and I was in and out within a reasonable amount of time.  As much as you don't WANT to need to go to an urgent care center, if I have to again in the future I would make sure to come here.
1	This place is not good and their billing department is the worst! I am about to write to the Better Business Bureau!
1	RIDICULOUS wait. 3 people in lobby and 2 hours have already elapsed. I suspect there's no doctor onsite and rather than telling us, just let us sit here. I advise another urgent care. Like others in here mentioned, they seem to disregard HIPPA laws as I am keenly aware of what everyone is in here for. Privacy? What's that?!?
5	Good company and good urgent care. Would recommend.Good docs who are not just there to throw pills at you if you don't need them.
4	Good service...friendly team...:)
1	I had to bring my daughter here, because she was sick, we just moved to AZ, so don't have a pediatrician for her yet. The staff was friendly, great doctor. They didn't do much, regular check up. Ear, throat, check her temperature, and charged us $150.... For urgent care????? I am used to paying $40. And they don't tell u that in advance. Will never go back...
5	I've been to this urgent care 4 times in the last year. The wait times aren't the best, but I go in with the attitude that timing is everything, and sometimes you just gotta wait. The Doctors here are professional, especially Dr. Hogan. So much so that I asked if he had his own practice, which he doesn't - and I found that a shame. We don't have a lack of Physician problem in Ahwatukee, we have a lack of COMPETENT and REASONABLE Physicians like Dr. Hogan.He is not a pushover, nor do they write prescriptions wantonly and throw them at you. He'll negotiate with you, and he asks tons of questions plus gives you a full physical as you would expect a Physician to do. For example, even for an Urgent Care, he is willing to prescribe medicines such as 12-20 count NORCO 5MG if he sees you have pain and it is obvious. Once again - these people are cautious an professional, if you're an addict: go somewhere else because I don't want you to screw it up for the rest of us. If you know something works for you, such as Augmentin for infections, SAY SO. They will help you with it. Don't go in there having seen a commercial, diagnosed yourself and ask if you can have 90 days of Cialis / Prednisone / Adult ADHD meds.People come to your room and settle the bill with you, Nurse comes to the room and explains everything clearly. Super nice staff, helpful and friendly. I'd use these people more often but they did carefully press the issue that I needed a Primary Care Doc. I grudginly agreed, but I will go back every few months on the weekends just because I like the docs and staff here, and it's good to have a 2nd opinion.Call ahead, plan it out, even call the front desk and ask how busy they are. Then jet in, expect to wait 30-45 minutes to get in a room, then 20-30 mins to see the Doctor, and 15-20 minutes to finish up AFTER you've talked to the doctor for a while, and odds are you'll have a great experience there!
1	Waiting. Waiting. Waiting.  Sigh. Should have gone to Chandler Regional Hospital.
1	Two hour wait minimum. No sense of urgency from any staff member. Would get faster and better service from the ER. The only thing dignified about this place is its name! Go somewhere else!
