2	I recently flew Northwest from Phoenix to Detroit, then a smaller plane from Detroit to Pellston (northern Michigan).Overall, the flight was pretty lousy.  It's hard to make 5 hours in a plane appealing, but Northwest didn't try to make things any easier.- No movie.  NW Airlines only shows films on international flights.- No in-flight radio.- No peanuts.  Isn't that our reward for being good little passengers?!?- Scarce pillows and blankets (this was important to note because the plane was soooo cold).- Flight Attendents use the intercom to try and sell their rewards progams and special deals for the SkyMall cataloge.  Booo!  I don't want to hear your freakin' sales pitch!  Leave me in peace!Why did I even give them 2 stars?  They have assigned seating (unlike SW) and we didn't crash and die.
3	The most important thing to me in an airline is that we do not fall out of the sky in an uncontrolled fashion. After all landing is a controlled crash. So far they have done well in this area.It seems each flight I have had with this airline the seat is not working as it should. It always leans back and will not set straight. One gets tired of telling the attendant that no I can not bring the seat up to upright position. This last flight seat was quite uncomfortable, my rump was sore soon after we took off. This is the second thing past crashing that I think an airline should consider, comfort of the seating area. Arriving back in Phoenix one goes to pick up the checked bag. one waits and waits and waits some more, two other flights that landed since we arrived have come and gone. A bunch of grumpy tired travelers is not a pretty sight to behold, Luckily they only had to look over at me to see the face of calm and patience ;-{) We finally got home at 12:01 am after landing at 10:40 p.m.But hey we did not crash so they are A-OK with me.Oh and we know airlines do not pamper anymore, well unless we are on an international flight. So we know to take what we need to keep us happy in the air.
1	Bad service.Noisy.Plane is not maintained clean.They do not prep the plane well mechanically thus our flight broke down in Tokyo.Wonderful.We all had to be bussed to the middle of nowhere in Japan where all forms of communication were severed w/ our families.(we passnegers had no local currency)
