2	This restaurant was horrible. We ordered the special murg tikka and the chicken tasted as though they threw a frozen chicken packet into the oven, sprinkled some salt and pepper and served it to us. We also ordered the paneer makhani and it was sub standard.The naan was tasty, so if you're up for some naan and pickles.. go for it. Otherwise i'd steer clear of this place.
2	Hard sell from the wait staff wasn't appreciated. The service was horribly slow, and we had to beg for our bill. I ultimately had to approach the apologetic bartender to close out our bill since it had been over a half hour since we first wanted our bill.The food was ok, nothing special. A little overpriced for what you get too, but ultimately satisfying. The seasonings aren't exactly authentic either. The dal makhani basically tasted like Mexican chili but with lentils.We won't go back.
4	Craving an Indian snack, we stumbled across Devi on a particularly hot day in Montreal. Located on the shady side of very busy and popular Crescent street, we were concerned that we'd be the only people on the small patio and therefore felt we were taking our chances, but were determined to have Indian over pub food. Having had some terrible service while visiting Montreal, I wasn't holding out for exceptional service here either. I was pleasantly surprised. The wait staff was very attentive and the appetizers we had were incredible and fresh. We ordered the samosas, vegetable skewers, the potato patties and spicy chicken mikka. All were very satisfying. The only disappointment was their lack of variety for Indian beer...the only available ones being on draught. We chose Heineken to compliment our afternoon snack. Looking forward to trying a full dinner here next time we are in Montreal.
3	Well thought out decorIt's the standard buffet fare.Best choice in the 'hood.
4	Randomly walked in because we saw it from across the street. Was really good and looking forward to trying the place in the city. The waitress was very friendly and accommodating. I don't remember what we got not but it was all vegetarian and delicious. I even took a card, in case I came back to Montreal! Ha.
5	Extraordinary customer service shows they know what business they're in (Hospitality). Will return to explore more of this menu. The chef really knows sauces. So tasty and so subtle. This is a place to explore Indian cuisine. No wonder Devi is recommended by the major Montreal hotels. Devi features familiar Indian dishes but also diverges into regional fare. A good place to explore food and wine pairing. Our friends from India armed us with suggested dishes to try and we were delighted.
4	Great Indian food full bar.  The service was excellent - i'll be back often!
4	Only decent Indian restaurant I've been to so far. It's expensive but the dishes are full of flavor when you take a first bite. I recommend ordering the manchurian cauliflower (appetizer), butter chicken, and any of the usual curries like lamb/chicken etc.  It's vegetarian friendly and service is friendly. They also have weird spices at the door that look like potpourri, I think it's to freshen your breath.
5	This is a wonderful place with fantastic food!  Be prepared to take your time to enjoy every mouthful. It's an expensive place for dinner but worth it. Try the lunch special for a real treat. The staff is very friendly too. Don't expect to get in and out quick. Just sit back and enjoy.
3	I would have given this one four stars if it wasn't expensive. But then again I am a student on a budget.A bunch of my friends were visiting Montreal over a long weekend and we decided to try this one out. The decor was well done, the staff was friendly and the service was good. The food was tastier compared to most of the other Indian Restaurants in Montreal but I have had better. However they do have a really good variety of starters and appetizers and their dishes will leave your taste palate well satisfied.
4	Excellent!  We just happened to stop in and got delicious food and delightful service.
4	Lovely North Indian restaurant in one of my favorite neighborhoods of Montreal. Great menu features a little bit of everything.We started our meal with some of the free,  cone-shaped pappads and the delicious green chutney. A little spicy, and very tasty. Then ordered the shrimp appetizer. Delicious, huge shrimp grilled then encrusted in more green chutney. Amazing!For my entree I chose the goa fish curry--huge chunks of delicious salmon in a delicious watery curry sauce with plenty of onions and ginger. Perfect on a hot day. He ordered a lamb curry. We also had some white rice and plain naan on the side to go along our meal.For dessert I treated myself to a huge slice of the caramel delice, which was huge and delicious, and very caramelly--it's a layered cake. He had the rasmalai which were two little discs in delicious sugary milky gravy and topped with crushed pistachios.The outside patio is fun, especially when peaceful student protests go by and for otherwise lovely people watching on a hot, perfect, summer evening.Great decor, I loved the glass bulb chandeliers. Lovely restroom facilities too.
5	AbFab Indian food, lovely decor, LOVE the ceiling lanterns and the food even more. I'd have to say, so far, that in my not so humble opinion, this is the best Indian restaurant in the downtown area. Lamb patties, okra.... NOT the usual slimey okra, but believe it or not ,crispy and just delicious, you'll change your mind about the vegetable forever. Lamb with cumin, a potato dish, I can't remember the name, but it was a revelation, as I was not even aware potatoes were even consumed in India as accompaniments.Live and learn.  Spiced eggplant, ALWAYS order it, several varieties of naan, which one to pick: the plain is super , but the onion , garlic, and I've forgotten which others. Such a dilemma! I've been here several times already and I've NEVER been disappointed. This place is NOT cheap, but worth it,service always good.
5	We had a great meal. The restaurant excelled in all categories I.e. ambience, service, food, and location.
4	"Devi" is on the hip and popular Crescent Street. Going up a dozen steps, you enter a very lovely interior, beautifully decorated and accented with gorgeously carvel wooden doors, shutters and columns. The unusual arrangements of colorful lamp clusters hanging from the ceiling definitely add an element of understated pizzas to the elegant decor. We snagged a table for two in the window, and promptly placed our order:  keema naan for appetizer; vegetable Jalfraze, Chana masala and a small rice to share for the main course, paired with red wine.  While waiting, we were served papadum with the usual green and red sauces, but this restaurant makes a lovely sin on the standard offering: their papadum is shaped into cones. Quite different.... Stands out. Keema naan arrived, and it was superb: the meat was perfectly seasoned, fresh and moist; the dough was tasty, baked to crispy edges, but not dried out. A perfect start. Chana masala was good, very spicy, even a bit too much for me, the fire-eater. I can deal with that, but the consistency of the sauce was a bit too liquidy. Still, went quite well over rice. The stir-fried Jalfraze veggies were excellent: perfect mix of flavors and heat, with thicker sauce, and veggies still retaining their texture. We took our time to enjoy and savor the meal, sip our wine, and people-watch through the large bay window. Satiated with a fantastic dinner, we ventured into the snowy and frigid Montreal streets. One star off for a slow service: only three tables were occupied.
5	Myself being Indian, I could say I will be the biggest critic! This place is cozy and has a positive vibe. I ordered the kebob meat platter to start, which was off the hook since it consisted of chicken, beef, goat & lamb. Main course ordered lamb biryani (rice), naan and kulcha (bread), butterchicken (chicken curry), daal makhni (lentil curry), saag (cooked spinach/rapini) and dahi (yogurt). Everything was fresh, hot and flavourful. Also, the server Sapan was so friendly and checked in regularly. If you dont mind spice and great Indian cuisine, check this place out!!
4	Good food. Great decor. Great service. Ordered butter chicken and paneer korma. Both were above average IMHO. Definitely a place to check out if in the area
3	I took my family here the other night. All in all it was ok but not great. The service was good. The food was average but not great. I've been to Indian restaurants all over and have never been charged extra for rice? 4 dollars for a small bowl is just not right.
4	I'm not an Indian foodie, even though one of my best friends is Indian and she brought to one of the best places in the city. Truth be told, I wasn't particularly excited to go there. So, Devi has a list of lunch specials. You get a soup, salad, dessert and coffee. I chose the lamb Rogan Josh. Remember when you were in school and you got a plate with your drink, meal, soup and dessert. Well this is similar, only much better, in all the ways. First, the food is obviously a million times better. Second, on your plate, which is nicely presented, you have your main course, a bowl of rice, a small salad and a rice pudding. The lamb was actually very good. It wasn't too spicy for my taste. My boss bragged about their na'an bread and I got to say it was delicious. I think I ate an entire plate to myself. Conclusion: Much better than I expected, considering I am not a fan of Indian food. I won't go back voluntarily, but if people want to go, I won't complain.
5	Best indian restaurant in Montreal.  It is on crescent and went with the style.  Nice decor and good looking. Paneer Makhani is out of the world. We really enjoyed the food and good ambience. It is on the pricey side but worth it if you are looking for good indian food.
2	Went there on a quiet sunday evening. We ordered samosa (yes there was just one!) to begin with. It was dry and unseasoned and the salad was definitely just there to decorate (and apparently it had been there decorating for a few days). We then had lamb rogan josh and the butter chicken... I wondered if the chef had even ever been to India... Either he hasn't or the taste of people for indian food around here asked him to downplay the food. It was very bland, clearly he forgot his spices somewhere. The rice was overcooked. The only positive point was the naan, which was quite surprisingly good. Thanks for the naan, chef! Not at all a good indian food (unless you don't know what indian food tastes like and enjoy blandness) and above all quite expensive for the quality served. Too bad!
5	Read the reviews and decided to try.  Nothing to complain about.  Ambiance is nice, location is convenient being in the heart of the action in downtown,, waitress was awesome with an inviting smile every time she talked to us, food was delicious and cost was above average but definitely worth it.  We had the lamb, the tondoori chicken, the lamb curry, the shrimp briyani and everyone really liked their food.  Will definitely come back when were visiting Montreal again.
2	There is nothing special about this place!
4	Food was uniformly excellent. Appetizers and mains. Great naan. Had lamb jalfrezi and chicken chettinad. Both great. Channa masala was ok. Prices are high for Indian, but it has a real upscale feel a great downtown location and delicious food. 4 people at every well for just over $100 plus wine and tip. Definitely recommended.
4	The food was pretty good. I really liked the interior decoration of the place. They also have special set deals that I really enjoyed. Wide selection, really difficult to choose something to eat. The only downside though is that it is fairly pricey. I would recommend this as a place to try, one of the better indian restaurants in montreal.
5	Probably the best Indian restaurant in N.America. Excellent quality. The selection of wines was good and so were the vegetarian dishes I tried.
3	This restaurant has great food, and really good naan. Their portions are pretty large, so two people can actually share a 'special' (appetizer and entree) order. Their delivery, however, takes a while, and they must have a conversation about customer intake for their database, before they take the order (that's why it took 25 minutes to order, and add the 45 minute delivery time). Their chicken tandoori is not very impressive and pretty dry.
4	This restaurant is very good, although it is quite expensive compared to other Indian restaurants. One order can easily go up to $20, the portion is not large but enough for a nice dinner. Naan and rice are not included so you usually have to buy extras. The quality of the food is great though, we had some lamb and butter chicken and were very satisfied with the meal as well as the service.
2	I wouldn't recommend this place - it is WAY overpriced for what it provides. The food is decent but not excellent but everything is about twice the standard price.
3	Not too shabby but a very disappointing chicken tikka masala wouldn't recommend. Ginger mojito was yummy but  a weak drink.  Naan was awesome. So was the chicken dish with coconut milk in it. Wouldn't come back just for that though Indian food seems to be much better back in the states.
1	Stay away! Worst service, terrible food and total rip off. So the sangria was weak...not sure it was even made with wine. The butter chicken tasted like Ragu. Totally not worth $5, much less $19! Then the waitress recommended the blonde Taj Mahal beer, but she brought out an amber beer. I told her i didn't order it, but she said i could try it and if i didn't like it she would bring the blonde. I took a sip and didn't want it. She brings back the same beer, saying the tap is broken on the blonde. I said ok, but i dont like that one. She says "he already poured it and said he can't take it back." What? You bring the wrong beer and you don't want to own your mistake? I was never offered another drink snd she never came back to check on the food. I got the bill and there is a $4 charge for rice!!! Not special rice, mind you...plain rice. When she asked rice or naan, she never mentioned there was an extra charge. I have never been to an asian restaurant where you are served a stew and have to pay extra for rice! So I left a $1 tip. What does the server do? Throw the receipt at me!  This place is all about profit and not about food. Terrible experience....spend your money anywhere else!
1	They has too much oil in their food.  Cocktails were worse. Too pricy.  Never coming back here.  Even the service was below average.
1	Was there on friday night and the food was below average. You could see only oil in the paneer and shrimp. Ginger mojito was not well made. The person who served us seemed to be in a hurry. Would never come back. Wonder why it is 4 starred on YELP.
1	Had the food for delivery. We got the chicken tikka masala and tasted NOTHING like masala sauce more like a poorly made marinara sauce! We also got the mixed grill..salmon was fishy, meat tough- Even the Nan bread..looked good and was doughy and tasteless.  UGH this was SUCH a disappointment. The positives...online ordering and online payment- Montreal is WAY behind on the technology and Devi was amazing for this. SHAME that they food was horrible! Go to Le TAJ for amazing Indian food instead.
4	We had a delightful dinner here. The costumer service was top notch, the ambiance was perfect for a date or a group of friends. Very beautifully decorated! The somosas were great and the cauliflower appetizer was also good, although it was heavily breaded. We didn't want both naan and basmati with our main dishes because we feared it would be too much food, but I regret not getting the rice. The naan was delicious but we got the eggplant and the yellow lentil dish. The later was very liquidy, almost soupy. The flavor was amazing though.  Overall, this was a great evening! I'd for sure check it out :-)
