1	I was craving Egg Foo Young...badly and have been for months.....so I decided to give this a try....I wish I hadn't.....It was unlike any other egg foo young I have ever had...it was actually "chewy" and just looked strange...like it was way overcooked......not exactly the way it's supposed to be....gravy was watery and contained things I have never seen before.....Suffice to say, I will NOT be going back...if the egg foo young was that bad, I don't want to know about the rest....I'll find somewhere else thank you very much.....
4	Had delivery since we got the flyer in the mail and decided to try it. The food wasn't too bad although some of it can be done better but the delivery was sorta fast I suppose.. I really don't understand how the driver would not have any change at all though. But never the less their portions are good
4	This place woks!  We visited Vegas from L.A. and after driving 5 hours really didn't want to brave the strip for dinner.  Sooo...we had it delivered via Grub Hub.  And, at an average of $8 per person, Wok My World was incredible!  The food was hot and flavorful, and better than almost all Chinese food I've had back in L.A.Here's what we ordered:General Tao's Chicken - not too spicy, great flavor and just enough sauce.  Also came with a generous side of chicken fried rice that was delicious and not greasy at all!Mushroom Beef- deeeelicious!  Lots of veggies but just as much beef!Mongolian beef- a little spicy with a sweet side that compliments the beef perfectly!  Generous helpings of beef and veggies!Combination lo mien- shrimp, beef, and chicken in a traditional lo mien sauce.  The noodles were perfectly cooked and everything was hot even after an hour of delivery time.Appetizer combo- came with 2xfried shrimp, 2xwonton soups, 2xcheese wontons, and 2xspring rolls- everything was standard here.  The only thing I want to stress is that NONE of these items were even the least bit greasy!  I definitely recommend this combo for the money!
4	Wok My World is pretty grubs if you're looking for a "fast" (I'll get to the quotations in a minute) chinese food pick up that's portioned just right (that's means I haven't left hungry) and yummy.  In addition to the food, what I liked most about this are the people.  They are super nice and willing to accommodate any way that they can.  One of my visits, a lady forgot to specify that her mom couldn't eat anything spicy and the dish that she ordered came spicy.  They were quick to re-make the order and send her on her way happy and satisfied.  Definitely awesome customer service.Now to the food!  I ordered the fish with the black bean sauce and I wasn't let down.  My food came with lots of rice and some soup to boot (egg drop I believe it was?) and it quickly went down the hatch.  The only criticism that I have about 'Wok' is that it took awhile to get to my belly.  It looked like they were a bit understaffed and my wife and I had to wait awhile to get our orders.  I'm not the one to complain if my food takes a little while to make, but it seemed like they were working to the wire to get orders out by delivery and to us as well.  Other than that, we both enjoyed our meals and went home happy.Four stars for my 'Wok'-ing friends at Wok My World.  Definitely willing to come back and hit up more of their menu.
4	As soon was i got in the waiter she greeted me and seem very nice. I asked  for a to go menu. I looked over the menu and everything seems good and cheap. I decided to get something off the lunch special. I wanted to try the L26 Fillet of fish w/Black bean sauce. The lunch special range from $5.75-$6.45 w/ soup of the day, egg roll, lo mein, fried rice or white rice.The place was clean and friendly.  After I ordered my food it took about 10 minutes for it to be finished. When I got home and about to eat my lunch I was disappointed that it was not what I ordered. It happened to be L21 Shrimp w/Snow peas. I ate it anyways. Wow, it was really good and flavorful. I've had this dish before and it was usually bland. The dish consist of shrimp, water chestnut, carrots, and snow peas. Every bite from the vegetable was crunchy so fresh. Shrimp was on point with the fried rice. I would come back and try other dishes.
4	Wok my world has pretty tasty food.   My husband and I, decided to try their take out service, and the food came hot, big portions, and it was pretty tasty.  I tried their kung pow chicken, and potstickers, won ton soup all were very good, the meal came with noodles or rice, fried or steamed.  The only reason I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 was because it took over an hour to get are food delivered.  Otherwise we will be back.
4	I'm going to get picky here. I hope they don't hate me.I had friends in town for the weekend.  We were trying to figure out a place to have dinner, and we decided on this place.  It's a small place but with friendly service.  Like I said, I got a little picky and they were great about it.  I eat low carb during the week and they were able to make me some chicken without the sauce.  Of course my friends hassled me a bit, but what are friends for.I give this place 4 stars and will probably be back to have a real meal.
1	Went there for lunch today and had one of the worst experiences ever dining out.  I had ordered two lunch specials for me and a friend.  1st, friend ends up cancelling, then the food comes and it really tastes bad.  The portions are very small and the food came just soaked in extra, extra sauce.  So I asked to take the other lunch home and put it in a to go container.  Then a patron couple decided not to eat & grabbed my food and ran out the restaurant.Oh shit right, no the store did not take it of my bill.  They proceeded to take my credit card and still charge me.   Bad food, bad area, and very bad service.
5	OMG! I know I usually only go to the same chinese restaurant all the time but me and the wifey went to try this place because its close. Needless to say that the food is AMAZING! I have eaten in almost every chinese food restaurant in town from expensive to a hole in the wall place and this is un my top 2 now. The only set back for me is they dont carry a salt amd pepper fried pork chop. But thats just a personal reason but the food is outstanding and the friendly owners are what makes this place worth comin to. Try it and you wont regret it!
3	shrimp tempura was okay..i've definitely had better.. green tea was amazing.. service was okay.. i wont be back for the tempura though..presentation was good.. but yeah just 3 stars..2 are for the green tea.. service was soso.. nothing spectacular about this place.
3	Food was delivered within 30-40 mins of ordering. Ordered family dinner A. Broccoli in the beef broccoli was crunchy, just the way I like it. Orange chicken was flavorful. Lo mein was salty. Fortune cookies, stale. Minus 2 stars since rice is additional $ and delivery fee is high compared to near by competitors.
3	Friendly staff Decent lunch specialsThe chow mein tasted a lil off than what I'm used to. Entree portions are decent.Boba! Good serving of boba ...
4	I just wrote a bad review about food express because the place sucked. So I thought I would at least write a good review about the place I should have went to. I love this place. I love there honey walnut shrimp. The lady is very nice to us everytime we go in there and I love the fact that it is a family ran business.  I have been there several times and the food is always delicious.
5	Great food. Tasty and delicious.  Standard menu along with sushi and duck dishes. Lo Mein is mostly noodles not half of all other stuff like vegetables,  bean sprout.  Great sweet and sour chicken. I go back many times and enjoy it every time.
4	YAY!!! Finally found a place that has duck and delievers!!! Ordered delievery. Crispy duck, fried rice, and wontons.. Delivery was fast..duck was a little dry, but over all it was good and I will def order again!
5	Loved it!!! We got the pu pu platter and the 4 star Kung pao plate. This was more than enough for the 2 of us. The cream cheese wontons were great wish I'd ordered more. Ribs were so good!!! The Kung pao plate omg. So flavorful and just the right portioning of chicken shrimp and beef. To top it all off they deliver!!! Delivery was pretty fast and guy was friendly. Great little place I'll be ordering again for sure. Wish I'd taken a picture.
2	Mediocre at best.  Husband threw his kung pao beef in the trash.  Soon wouldn't eat his cashew chicken.  The salt amd pepper wings were bland.  My honey walnut shrimp was ok,  some of the walnuts tasted rancid though and it was a bit too saucy even for me.  Wish I could have my $50 bucks back
5	Besides Wo Fat...this is one of the best Chinese restaurants in Las Vegas!! They open from 10:30-11:00 so I know that on my late dinner days I can eat here! It's a family owned restaurant and they are very nice which is a bonus!
