5	This place has an astounding collection of beer, about 30 on tap and what looked like hundreds in bottles! I had a Piraat to drink, artichoke dip appetizer, and a portabella wrap. The artichoke dip was the best I've had in a long time and the wrap was quite good, too. Everything tasted really fresh and delicious. It's nice to see a "gastopub" with several reasonably healthy choices, especially ones this good!The service was friendly and the pub itself is really nice on the inside. I was there just before dinner time, so there weren't many other customers and it's hard to say how noisy it gets, but it seems like a great neighborhood pub to me. A real local business right next to the overwhelmingly chain-oriented Waterfront. If I lived in Pittsburgh, I would come here a lot.
4	Blue Dust features a large selection of decent beers, an appealing and clean atmosphere, pleasant service, and good food. They have a large draft list written on the blackboard which changes frequently, as well as coolers for you to mix and match your own sixpack for a reasonable price. The waiters have always been extremely friendly, and the bar has a laid-back dark cool relaxing atmosphere. PS: Non-smoking!The fish tacos were amongst the best I've had in Pittsburgh and the China Doll appetizer was superb. They also have decent chips and salsa, a great Portabella mushroom wrap and ginger carrot soup. On my last visit I had a delicious beer called the "Duck Rabbit Milk."
4	A group of 3 of us went last Thursday night. Overall, a good experience.The first you'll notice is the large selection of bottles in dark/unlit coolers. This is how you know you are in a place that respects beer. Fluorescent lights skunk beer extremely quickly. Its nice to see that they know this. Anyway, we sat at the bar and looked over the 30 or so on-tap beers they have. I didn't know most of them, and the names of the beer don't help you identify what type of beer they are. Luckily, the bartender was super helpful and even gave us samples of anything we wanted. I got the Shakespeare Stout, Fatty Boomblatty (Hefeweizen) and something described as sour cherrys (forget the name). The first two were great. The last beer was a little too sour and the taste annoyed me halfway through. They also flavor their own liquor. They had Bacon Bourbon, Thai Chili/Garlic Vodka, Horseradish Vokda, and Raspberry Rum. Friends tried the bourbon. They said it was OK. Tasted more like fat than bacon.The food was decent. I was told this was a gastropub, so I was expecting a little more. Everything was good, but not spectactular. I got the Corn Chowder. Friends got the pork tacos. Next time I go, I want to get more than soup.Overall, great friendly service (bartender understood our 'death by snu snu' Futurama reference, which was awesome), terrific beer selection, decent food.
4	This is my first time at the Blue Dust.  I tried their smoked brisket sandwich, and loved it.  If you like to have a big selection of drinks to choose from, this is the place for you.  You will see that they have a large selection of beer, what to drink, what to drink...
4	I'm surprised no one has mentioned the selection of infused vodka that is available. The horseradish used in the horseradish vodka is harvested by the owner of the bar and is the perfect accompaniment to a bloody mary. My boyfriend tried the Thai chili vodka in his bloody mary (it was good but it'll make you sweat). There is also a kumquat vodka which is popular in martinis and even bacon vodka (a venturous friend of ours tasted it and said he was quite surprised that it was actually very good) The beer selection is wonderful! Too many to choose from? Ask the bartender for a sampler and tell them what you like (fruity, hoppy, lager, wheat) and they'll give you 4 different selections. The food is really tasty but I must admit that last time we ate there, my boyfriend and I were both disappointed. He had the brisket (which is smoked with apple wood by the owner) sandwich which he raved about since Blue Dust's grand opening and I chose falafel, which I've had once before. The brisket was chewy and fatty and my falafel is supposed to come with tzatziki sauce which they were out of but our server neglected to tell me, the dish was extremely dry so I boxed it up and took it home then put my own tzatziki on it. We're convinced that the quality of the food has suffered since its Grand Opening. Back then, the family that owns/runs Blue Dust were involved with EVERYTHING- they bartended, took orders, cooked in the kitchen, entertained, etc... Now they have hired wait and kitchen staff who aren't as invested in this family business.
5	Best food in the waterfront.Best beer in the waterfront.Best staff in the waterfront.(And it looks like best mixed drinks, as well.)(And the cheapest good food, by far.)If you're in the waterfront, you should go here.
4	For a great selection of micro-brew beers, I'd definitely throw this on the list.  It's a must stop before heading down to the Waterfront to do some shopping.  It's a refreshing taste of authenticity among all of the chain restaurant stops throughout the shopping area.They have a great variety of beers on tap from all over, though it's always great to see locals being thrown in that mix!  The bartender seemed to be pretty knowledgeable about the different beers and if you're not as informed about your micro-brews, he seemed to be a great source of info!  If you don't see anything that wets your appetite out of a tap, their extensive beer cooler is bound to cure your thirst.  Though I didn't go this route, they had an intriguing idea of flavored infused vodkas.  To go with their abundance of brews, their menu had something for everyone as well.  The fish tacos were real tasty, but a little to wet.  Though I hate using it as an excuse, I was able to look past this since there were a huge group ordering just after us.  I was happy that they didn't go away from the authenticity of the tortilla.   All and all, I will definitely be a repeat offender here and wouldn't send anyone anywhere else before facing the shopping crowds!
5	Stopped in before a concert in Homestead. Met by friendly server who told me about happy hour (half off draughts!)Despite getting busy, server was attentive, friendly, on top of drinks (beer and water refills) and the food was pretty good!The beer selection was incredible and the prices were reasonable for the quality of the beer. Then, there was the happy hour so it was very inexpensive. Incredible first experience there, will be heading to Homestead just to go there.
4	Finally made it to this gem by the Waterfront - formerly known as a culinary wasteland of chain restaurants and long lines. After a soul-crushing time slogging through the Waterfront parking lots, this watering hole on the other side of the tracks is an oasis with its plentiful good beers on tap. I was surprised by the lack of burgers, but if you're in the mood for a meaty sandwich the brisket sandwich was devoured by our neighbor at the bar. We opted for the nachos and pork tacos for an abundance of good bar food with a highlight of clearly home-made salsa. The name of the game at Blue Dust is "home-made" with their jars of treats sprinkled around the bar from cherry peppers stuffed with cheese and soppressata to bacon-infused vodka. The atmosphere is bright and clean - with lots of windows and plants - not common for a bar. The bartender's laid-back joking attitude dressed in a floral Hawaiian shirt really set the tone. The crowd for a Saturday lunch was a friendly mix of regulars from all walks of life and ages. Overall, this is a great little neighborhood spot in a struggling neighborhood.
5	This place is the reason I look forward to Saturdays and I am sad when I miss a weekend. The food is awesome - not your typical bar food - I think I have tried just about everything at this point. Even their salads are unique in little ways. Dont forget to ask about soup specials, and they are just that: special. I had the most amazing Minestrone a couple of weeks ago. Really hearty and almost stew like with a subtle smokiness. The specials are always very seasonal. The beer menu is out of this world. Jerry really knows his beer and is more than happy to answer questions about what is on tap.  And then there is the to-go cooler. It's like a little nirvana. Seriously. I have never seen such a variety bottled micro-brews in one place. It is refeshing to have a bar that places a strong ephasis on well-crafted beer - many being either local or smaller companies. He does have Guiness and Yuengling and I think bottled Miller for those who just want something familar. They also make home made jerky, and have a selection of infused vodkas (the horseradish infused vodka bloody mary is a favorite when I have a cold). Oh and the music they play is great too - indie, motown, blues...Sports fans can always find a game or two on. Oh and Jerry kind of looks like Sam Beckett. And that is awesome.
4	Recently I came across an opportunity that necessitated a rapid beer education.  A few of my beer drinking friends offered to help me out.  The first place we went to was the Blue Dust in Homestead, PA.  It's a small place, located on Amity Street just over the tracks from the area known as the Waterfront.It is possible that a few of my friends sensed that I was growing cold feet because I was gently assured that they had many different types of beer and that the food was good.  Oh, and Tuesdays are .25 pierogi!  In Pittsburgh, if you don't eat and love pierogi you are unceremoniously tossed out of town on your ear.  Everyone here loves the little noodle dumplings stuffed with mashed potatoes and sauteed in butter and onions.  Pittsburgh is also known for its steel mills even though nowadays there are very few operating mills and the city is very clean compared to what it used to be.  Blue Dust pays a respectful homage to our city's roots with a mural painted on its walls depicting the mills bathed in a gentle golden glow.Dinner arrived after we had only tasted a few beers which was a good thing because it was quickly becoming vital that some of us needed a bit of solid nourishment in our stomachs before proceeding. I ordered a chili cheese dog that came with a side of chips and salsa.  The dog was a hebrew national hot off the grill with just the right amount of char for that summer barbecue taste.  Lacking beans and spice, the chili was a little disappointing.  I can appreciate the Blue Dust's decision to exclude the beans but the chili unfortunately was as dull and lifeless as chili served in a high school cafeteria.  I do wish the cheese had been cheddar of the sharp variety rather than cheddar of the giant bland bagged variety. The onions were crisp and tried valiantly to provide the kick that the chili was lacking.The chips and salsa were similarly delicious and mediocre.  The chips were well salted and had the slightest green taste to them that would have went perfect with excellent salsa.  As it was, the salsa while house made and bursting with freshness, lacked the same thing as the chili.  It was completely without any attitude.  This was salsa for toddlers...not really fit for beer drinking men (and women!).The pierogi were delicious.  Small and handmade by someone's babcia (I do hope I got the word correct for that--my Italian genes would prefer to say 'nonna'), the pierogi were lovingly stuffed with the just the right amount of mashed potatoes and carefully sauteed in butter with onions until the onions began to take on just the smallest amount of sweetness and the edges of the pierogi began to turn a delicate shade of golden brown.Hoegarden, Rogue Hazelnut, Lagunitas WTF, Duck Rabbit Milk Stout, Dragons Blood, Corona, Fiery Monk, Oberon. Merry Monk, Voodoo Cowbell, Fat Gary, Guiness, Dogfish, IPA, and Golden Draak were some of the beers we tasted as the evening wore on.  Certainly we left many, many more unsampled!Go for the beer, drink freely.  Go for the food, but choose wisely.  The hot dogs and the pierogi are your best bet.My complete post with more pictures is here: http://vanillaicing.typepad.com/vanilla_icing/2011/04/blue-dust-.htmlP.S.  There's a lot behind the Blue Dust for customers but it's not easily viewed upon driving past.
5	Went here because I had a coupon, well just like Jocelyn this might be my new hang out place! Loved that they made their own alcohal and when we got the bill I loved it even more!!!!!! The food was good  too, though with them having a chef that isnt a surpise! The location is awesome with being so close to the Waterfront but not having to have such a pricey meal! Definetly I will be back and will be bringing friends too!
5	What a gem! Great food - especially the pulled pork nachos! Awesome beer selection on tap & interesting specialty blended vodkas like chai horseradish and pickle! Oh and bacon bourbon!!! Nice staff too!
5	The Blue Dust is really growing on me. Stoped in yesterday did lunch. I did not expect to be back in so soon.My wife said I was on my own for dinner. Since I was passing on my way home from Bradford, so an omen from the beer god's.This restaurant is a treasure on Homestead. Sarah is the co-owner and chef of the place. Her palate is amazing. Take a look at the menu on threir web site at BlueDustPgh.com - not what you  would  expect from the unassuming location. Opening in 2009, I just found them 2 months ago. Tonight I am having the falaffel.  Now don't be thinking I am a connisoure of this cusine. The dish is tender and nicely spiced. Do you like smoked meats? The briscuit is awesome. $0.25 pierogies on Thursday with half priced berets and $1.00 haluski are the bomb. Check out the daily specials from my photo.Give the place a try and you will be hooked. Tell Jerry (the other owner you saw my review on Yelp and you will recieve a hearty welcome - peace out
3	*A Great Joint for a Couple of Obscure Draft Beers!*Myself and a few girlie-friends stopped in here to continue a little low-key night out for drinks...  it was nice!The bartender was a friendly younger girl that was very nice and took good care of us.PROS:TONS of draft beer selection!!Kinda low-key and mellow (a plus in my book);Bathrooms were cleanish, too.CONS:Parking is a bit limited;Jukebox is a CD style Juke, so the selection is limited.[I will update this after I've tried to the food; I *hear* that the food is great!]
4	One of the more nuanced beer selections in Pittsburgh.  This is THE place to be during PGH beer week.Of special note is the infused vodkas.  I had a bloody mary and boy howdy was it great.  Freshly made with homemade horseradish infused vodka.  HOOK IT UP TO MY VEINS.  It's probably the best bloody mary I have ever had.  And to think, at a dumpy bar next to the railroad tracks!  This is why Pittsburgh is such a magical place.  So unassuming but BAM POW something amazing somewhere humble. The bacon bourbon was also superlative.  Do get the maple syrup in it (just a touch, the bartender will add the perfect amount) it gives it more depth and balances out the salt.Unfortunately what really kills Blue Dust for me is the food.  The food is not good.  IT IS PAINFULLY AVERAGE.  I was grateful for my sandwich after a few beers but I was astonished to discover that they served CANED SALSA AND TORTILLA CHIPS FROM A BAG as my side.  Not even fresh chips? Not even fries?  Christ on a crutch, that's bad.The sandwich itself was warm and melty and full of supermarket quality meat.  It lacked flavor, however it was completely inoffensive and a vehicle to deliver carbs, cheese and meat to my gullet.I go back every chance I get for the new infused vodkas and the ever changing beer.  A hidden gem.
5	Short version: Cheap, delicious, friendly, unique. Get the crab curry soup.Longer version: Oh sweet, loving, though possibly non-existent God; this place is unfortunately hidden yet wonderfully comforting. I wish I could try everything. My only option, obviously, is to go back in order to try everything.I went with a few friends on  Tuesday night after having to go to the Verizon store at the Waterfront and not really wanting to eat at Red Robin (nothing wrong with Red Robin, though). They had 25 cent pierogies on special--obviously, we had 25 of them. They were perfectly browned, crisp on the edges, and after a little searching we managed to find the pile of onions that they were cooked with. The spinach artichoke dip was equally delicious, leading me to have faith in the other appetizers as well.For our main course, we all ended up splitting crab curry soup, fried zucchini, and the surf'n'turf (half of a crabcake sandwich and half of a house-smoked brisket sandwich). They had a sweet collection of craft beers on tap and the dude who served us was probably the nicest person I've ever met within the food industry. The crab curry soup was simple and exactly the dish I'd go back for.I can't wait to go back and explore the rest of what Blue Dust has to offer.
2	Contrary to a lot of Yelper's reviews, I wasn't that impressed with Blue Dust. It's a hole in the wall with a fantastic beer selection. It's off the beaten path of the waterfront, located across the tracks towards Eighth Ave. next to a tattoo parlor on Amity Street. I'd heard a lot about this place as well as read just about every review on Yelp and newspaper reviews. I wasn't sure what to expect, but a dark, dank, Burgh bar wasn't it. I was highly impressed with the bar, any brand of vodka, flavored, proof, etc, bacon bourbon, and a nice selection of beers. I had a black IPA, which was awesome with the Spicy China Doll (a thick pasty bean dip that could have used a bit of salt) served with very good tortilla chips that's weren't a bit greasy. For Dinner I had a portobello wrap, it was nice and meaty but lacked basic salt and pepper seasoning.  Neither the app or wrap really stood out in my mind. If this was the last restaurant on earth, I'd come back, by then maybe they'll know how to properly season food before being consumed by their customers.
4	Great beers (at least 20+ on tap and many more in bottles), great food (especially Jerry's nuts and bell's best brown ale pierogies), and great atmosphere with a nice cozy mom and pop shop feel.  The owner Jerry is often, if not always, there entertaining and serving beers.  It's a real treat every time my boyfriend and I go down to the waterfront.  Who can beat $0.25 pierogie night on Tuesdays while washing that down with a mad elf?
4	Great place to eat with a marvelous beer selection.  The food is homemade and delicious.  The staff are welcoming and friendly.  I have been here to eat many times and I have never been disappointed.
3	After reading some of the reviews, maybe too much was expected...the bar was set too high. The actual experience? It was okay.  What wasn't okay was the sewer smell as you came through the door, but at least that disappeared once past the vestibule.We bellied up to the bar all ready to experience an infusion or two- how could we resist after all we'd heard? It was early evening on a Saturday...no horseradish infused, no jalapeno infused, but they had pickle infused vodka...sounded good! Eh...not even close to a great bloody Mary. It was adequate. The bartender chick with the sideways ballcap recommended the chai infusion in a white Russian to my companion. Wow that sounded amazing! In actuality it was overly sweet, overly creamy (yes, that's possible) and simply not a well-made cocktail. It was big. That was a shame because a drinking glass full went almost untouched....and the ballcap chick never inquired why. We paid our check and left. Nothing of the first round enticed us to stay for another. The atmosphere? Eh. That kind of summarizes the whole experience. Maybe if you don't expect much, you won't be disappointed. We were.
3	A great place to meet.  Tons of micro brews.  Horseradish vodka, Bloody Mary. Yummy! The food is locally grown & delicious. Weds. Is Guiness night.  Vegetarians, vegans and meatlovers will enjoy the varied menu.Try it-you"ll go back again.
5	Comfortable.  Simple.  Amazing.Blue Dust is my favorite bar because of the above adjectives.  Walking in, you see an open room with tables and a cozy bar.  Turning towards the door you notice an area to play darts and Rock'em Sock'em Robots (epic).  Turning in the other direction you notice the myriad of refrigerators full of quality beer.  Similarly, there are a dozen or so beers on tap, all of which are top notch.  Also, they have bacon bourbon and it is crazy.The menu is very simple, containing a few staple appetizers, salads, small plates, and sandwiches.  The gold, however, is in the monthly specials.  The first time I ever visited Blue Dust they had braised short ribs as the special--short was a loose term, very loose term.  If I had to guess, I'd say each rib weighed a half pound each and I was served three, and all of the meat was falling off the bone.  The February special is pulled mutton; the only other time I've had mutton was at Blue Dust.  Both times were fantastic.  If you want a special, go a week or so into the month until the last few days of the month.  I've gone when they were still waiting on ingredients on the first of the month and after they'd run out of some towards the end of the month.Tuesdays are pierogie night.  They're made in-house, are amazing, and sell out.My only complaint is their salsa served with their sandwiches is strange.  Not my style, but maybe somebody likes it.Go there, grab a brew, and chow down.  You won't regret it.
4	Really like it here! We came here for drinks on a friday night and just loved the laid back, fun atmosphere. There were groups of friends, a few couples and at the bar a couple solo riders. We didn't try the food but we did try the almond butter vodka (GROSS) and the strawberry rhubarb liquor (AWESOME). Just an all around easy place, good service and reasonable prices.
3	In the shadow of The Waterfront, the nooks and crannies of Homestead contain some hidden gems: Blue Dust is one of them.  I loved the beer selection and the atmosphere - so why not more stars? The execution of my sandwich, ordered off the specials list, left a little to be desired. Smoked chicken and white barbeque sauce? Yes, please. But rye bread as the carrier meant that the lovely smoke and sauce was overwhelmed with all rye, all the time, and there were no other accompaniments (lettuce, tomato) to mediate.  Ordering off the specials menu anywhere can be a gamble, because they're often dishes in the process of being refined, rather than tried-and-true stalwarts. My husband's brisket, a menu standard, was delicious.I'll definitely go back, because I want to eat at a place that's both comfortable and inventive - even if it's not perfect.
2	The atmosphere is nice and the beer selection is good, but the food is mediocre and the service is terrible. My boyfriend and I arrived at 7:15pm on $0.25 pierogi night but they were already sold out of pierogies, despite the fact that the place only appeared to be half full. It left us feeling like the 25 cent pierogies were a cheap advertising gimmick to get people in the door and then order much more expensive food off the menu.Speaking of food, the turkey on my boyfriend's ruben sandwich was dry and the bread was meh. He said that the only good thing about it was that it was huge. My group's nachos were burned black on one side and my grilled cheese sandwich was so rich that it wasn't edible for more than a few bites. Don't get me wrong, I love me some cheese, but the thick layer of goat cheese combined with a healthy dose of two other cheeses made for a sandwich that dries out your mouth and leaves you super thirsty. Also, it hadn't been cooked long enough to melt any of the cheese, and didn't have any basil on it as described on the menu. The service was pretty bad - it took about 15 minutes for anyone to come take our order, and then our waiter forgot about our drinks. He was also difficult to flag down, which was understandable given how busy the place got throughout the night. I wouldn't have been so annoyed by the bad service if our group hadn't been charged the mandatory 18% gratuity after being told our checks couldn't be split. If you're going to charge a mandatory gratuity, at least provide that level of service! We left feeling like our waiter didn't bother because he knew he'd be getting an 18% tip.
2	Service wasn't very good, and I honestly don't expect much at tables in a bar.  Friendly, but slow service (because inefficient, not because he wasn't around much).  Forgot drink order and waited 30 minutes total before getting a beer, even though the place was barely half-full when we got there.This is a bar, the food we had was quite unremarkable.  Turkey Rueben at $10 should be high quality meat, high quality bread, etc.  It was el-cheapo thin rye bread from the grocery store, dry bland turkey and cheap dressing on top.  This was a $4 version.  I order this sandwich (or the original version of it) many places so I'm no stranger to it.Cool atmosphere, good beer selection, good vibe.  Go for the beer, skip the food.
3	After hearing about Blue Dust for probably a couple of years, was looking forward to trying and tasting the good pub grub.  I enjoyed the experience, but it did not quite meet my expectations.  Maybe the long wait and the many older raves were just in my memory.  Just a large room/bar with tables...a long bar on the one wall.  The other long wall is full of beer coolers with many nice selections.  The food is an interesting selection of items.  Not ur usual menu items.  So wanted to try many items; so it was great to be able to get the Homestead Surf and Turf, half crab cake and brisket on a large italian bread.  The brisket included some provolone cheese lettuce, tomato, onion and I chose the horseradish.  The meat had a smoky taste but very little other flavor.  The crab cake feel apart and was ok but could use a little seasoning.  The waitress was by herself and busy but did a good job of keeping up with the few tables and crowded bar.
4	Nice selection at beers at prices that don't empty your wallet. It seems like the staff really thinks about their beer list because there is a choice to fit every taste. Speaking of the staff, they are really friendly and a group of us chatted with the bartenders the entire evening as the Homestead trains chugged by right outside the window.Didn't try any food, except for some of the snacks they have pickling behind the bar. Try the pickled radishes. (I know it sounds weird, but they are awesome)
3	I think they have diminished the quality of their food. I went there several times a while back and had very tasty food, but this past time I went, the brisket was not particularly impressive. It seems that they've added more to their menu but at the expensive of the quality of the food.
5	I have been driving past this gem on my way to the Waterfront for years, and I'm so happy I finally made it inside. I had no idea that there was such a great place sitting there, and I was truly impressed.The food is fantastic and the selection is pretty healthy and all natural. I also loved the beer selection, and the prices were great. The service at the bar was wonderful, and I'm definitely going to make this a future grub stop at the Waterfront in the future!
5	Beer - always excellent, goes without saying.  Service - wonderful, they know what they are doing.  Food - it's obviously a passion.  I had the Shrimp and Grits last night - outstanding.  The addition of horseradish to the grits was magical, and the shrimp was perfectly grilled.  I think that should be a standard on the menu.  Just saying........ And maybe the smoked pork chop and polenta......  Hey a girl can wish, right?
5	I've been meaning to get here and try their food for some time and I am quite happy I finally got the chance. The menu isn't that big, but the selections are great to choose from.While browsing over the menu to pick out exactly what I wanted to nosh on I had another hard decision to make: what to drink?  They have so much on tap that it's boggling to pick from. 27 I believe. If you're not sure what to try, you can purchase a sampler. For this particular visit I wasn't in the mood for a beer and decided to go for the hard stuff. Now at any typical bar this would be an easy decision to make, but this is not your typical place. I mean who would thought to make a vodka infused with pickles?  Or horseradish even?  I wasn't that daring to try one of those but something did catch my eye. Root beer bourbon. Yes, I did say root beer bourbon. I asked the bartender what was best to mix with it and was advised to try it mixed with ginger ale. Such a wise bartender you are my lady.  It tasted like a root beer float for adults!Now onto the food. My friend and I ordered finally ordered after all those hard decisions.  We had the fried zucchini as an appetizer. Beer battered is always the way to go. Only bad thing, I think it may have been fried too long. The coating was hard as hell on some parts. I opted for the fish tacos and was not disappointed.  Grilled tilapia with shredded red cabbage and a sauce with cilantro in it. Delicious. Have it a spritz from the lime that came on the side and that made it ever so better.  Each item comes with a side of tortilla chips and salsa.  My friend had the falafel platter and she devoured it. This place definitely deserves a return visit. And not just because of the food. The staff are so welcoming that you feel the need to return.
5	Outstanding customer service. The horseradish infused bloddy mary was the best I have ever had. Food was excellent and fresh.
5	Four of us from Level Green, Pa had dinner at the Blue Dust this evening.  We were pleased with the sandwich menu and enjoyed the mushroom appetizers.  Mystery beer brew special was outstanding!Downside was the wine pricing----in a nutshell the wine @$9/glass is about 50 per cent too high!
4	For a bar this place has exceptional food. Highly recommend the fish tacos and the portabella wrap. Be mindful they serve these dishes with chips and salsa, so if you don't like chips (like me) ask for another side. The mac and cheese is ok- a bit greasy. I don't recommend the beer battered mushrooms unless you like greasy, fried food. Apparently they have a good selection of beer here (so I've been told)- but I don't like beer so I don't have any recommendations.
4	Beer and brisket.  What more can I say?  Went based on recommendation of a friend.   I can't tell you how many times I've driven past this place on the way to the Waterfront and always wondered.  I'm glad I went!  We both loved the brisket and the beer selection was excellent.  Server was super nice, and the environment was very laid back bar environment.  Not too loud/rowdy and not too quiet.  The salsa had more garlic than I have ever eaten in a single sitting, which may be my only food-related complaint, but it was freshly made so I'm going to attribute it to single batch mistake.  Check this place out!
5	Blue Dust: A Family AffairWe all have that uncle in our family, you know, the one that headlines every epic family reunion.  Wouldn't it be sweet if your favorite uncle opened a bar? Well look no further my foodie friends!  Uncle Jerry is serving up craft brews and mouth-watering dinner plates at Blue Dust.  Whether you're a Homestead-lifer or a curious first-timer, you'll feel like part of the family in no time. I'm not sure what I was expecting the first time I entered Blue Dust, a name that pays tribute to the steel industry, but I was pleased from the start.  It isn't "cold" or industrial in style; rather, it's homey and has a bit of a southwest feel.  If you prefer sitting tableside there are various spots to eat comfortably both inside and outside (weather permitting).  Honestly though, in a local bar such as this, you're going to want to sit at the bar and participate.   Besides, the bar itself is quite lovely, Jerry Miller's daughter, Sarah, created a work of art using blue mosaic glass.  If you look closely, you might see the sea monster at the end of the bar. Once seated at the bar, you can take a gander at the row of craft taps waiting for you to imbibe upon...26 to be exact.  Therefore, if your beer of choice is produced by those Clydesdale lovers (man, those commercials get me every time), you are better off elsewhere.  Blue Dust is for patrons who actually like to savor the flavors of brews like Eylsian Immortal IPA at 6.2% or Sierra Nevada's Imperial Red at 8.1%.  If you don't see a draft you love...um, I guess that's possible...they have a wide range of bottles in the wall coolers too.  And if beer isn't your thing, or you need something stiffer to ease the woes of a long workday, Frank (Jerry's son-in-law), will make you a mean cocktail.  Frank may stir up something using their house-flavored vodka or...To read my full review and check out some awesome pics, please go to: http://fork2mouth.blogspot.com/2013/09/blue-dust-family-affair.html
5	Blue Dust is a great place to hang out. They have a really great happy hour where all beers on tap (and they always have a ton) are half off. The brews are great if you love craft beer. They food is also really, really good. I love the Porkzilla sandwich and the Falafel small plate. They also have pierogi and haluski nights, where you can get a small plate of pierogis or haluski for only one or two dollars. I love the dart board. Always have to play a few rounds every time I'm there.
5	Great place for beer.  The owner's motto is "No crap on tap".  That is so true.  He has picked a wide variety of beers that cater to almost anyone with a decent taste for beer. The wait staff is very good and knowledgeable about the different beers.  I think they must have tried most of them because they seem so up-to-date with the knowing about the different tastes.  The food is good here too.  My wife and I go here often for the Happy Hour on Friday for the half priced drafts.  The owner is usually present each time we have gone.  He seems to have a true interest in his establishment and cares about the customers. The only small drawback is the outdoor seating is limited and the trains come by too often.  The trains are just noisy.  Other than that, we love this place!
5	Blue Dust ALWAYS has good beers. They have a great selection of infused vodkas. My husband is a beer expert and he lives to come here to see what they have in tap and to make a 6 pack. Their food is definitely not your typical bar food. They have seasonal items on their menus as well as their regular dishes. For example they are offering pumpkin hummus as well as Fisherman's Stew during these falling temperatures. One of my favorite dishes is their version of "surf and turf". It is done as two halves of sandwiches-one half being crab cake and the other being brisket. There is very little filler in the crab cakes and the brisket is very tasty. Their homemade salsa is really good too. Try it!!!  Great beer and great food!
5	You know the little dive bar, right by the tracks on your way to the Waterfront?  The place you have driven by 20K times and never thought to actually stop in cause it's a dive bar?  Hold on to your seats, folks, cause this isn't a dive bar. It's actually a freaking fantastic watering hole and surprisingly healthy and inventive pub.  One of my friends stopped by here and wrote something on facebook about it that made me think it was worth my while and it was way better than even expected. The hubby and I decided to split everything after ordering some beers - cranberry ale for me (not nearly cranberry-ish enough) and a Bell's Christmas White for him (excellent choice).  Their menu is a mix of reasonably healthy and nice and awesomely naughty - perfect for the holidays.  We started with the fried zucchini which we use as a bit of a guide as we eat our way around Pittsburgh.  Almost everyone has it, almost everyone does it horribly, horribly wrong.  Blue Dust was a fabulous exception.  The zucchini appeared to have been picked that day, it was sliced super thin and breaded and deep-fried to perfection.  It was served on a bed of lettuce which did pretty-up the plate, but also served to soak up the grease.  We then asked to split the lamb chili.  I assumed we would be given two spoons and a "go for it" kind of attitude, but they actually split the order in two and gave us two orders of the delicious garlic bread that accompanied it.  It was amazing!  Seriously amazing.  It was just lamb-y enough that you knew that you were eating lamb, but not so lamb-y that you were wondering if you were on the farm.  It was slightly spicy and really just a perfect winter meal.  We also split the sliders - crab, smoked turkey and brisket.  They were all amazing.  Very different and very tasty.  They came with local-made chips and a fantastic smoked tomato salsa that I really could have had a massive jar of to take home. Unfortunately, between the 2 and 3 course, I discovered the liquor menu.  Infused root beer bourbon?  Infused chai vodka?  A mixed drink with Crabbie's ginger beer?  Why didn't I look at you earlier???We will be back.  Many, many, many times.  A must stop on your way to the Waterfront.
4	my boyfriend and i had stayed with his cousin the night before and asked him where would be good for brunch/lunch. he suggested blue dust, as it's one of his favorite places to go. he told us about the owner, who was quite a character, and the bartender, stephanie, who liked to "stephanize" people by telling stories and entertaining them.we arrived and the two of them had bloody marys. i'm personally not a fan, but they said they were delicious. we started with one of the january specials, a black bean hummus appetizer. very tasty.i had the corn seafood chowder (a-ma-zing! spicy and flavorful!) and the stir fry. i wouldn't say the stir fry was anything amazing or particularly notable, but it was good, and i would eat it again.the place looks almost like a mix between a dive-bar and a diner, but it's definitely worth stopping out for a bite, as there is quite a mix of menu options, the prices are reasonable, and the food is overall, really pretty good. oh, and! if you're into infused alcohols, they make their own and several kinds!
4	We went to Blue Dust, as suggested by several Yelpers, before seeing a movie at the Waterfront.  So we got there early on a Saturday night.Private parking lot. Check.  It's a really big bar inside - no separation of bar and dining area.  The service was great and the music was LOUD at first, then somewhat softer (better).Arsenal Cider on tap - always a plus!  Yes, please!Although I wanted the "land and sea" I've read so much about, it just seemed too big, so I opted for the grilled three cheese sandwich with slaw.  The sandwich was fabulous and had basil - which I liked a lot (also tomato which was plucked 'n chucked as is the case with most tomatoes in February).  Companion had the portabella wrap with chips and salsa - also a hit.The service was happy and as attentive as necessary for a quick bite.There are large windows behind the bar and 3-4 times through our short visit the trains roared past.  Now this is a part of Pittsburgh and the surrounding area I love - the trains!  So that was a plus for me, but maybe not for everyone (might play a part in the music volume, too).Definitely would go back - next time skipping lunch or going to a late movie, as the "land and sea" is softly singing in the back of my mind.
4	Met some friends here prior to a show at the Carnegie on  a recommendation from a friend. They had a great variety of beers on tap and food selection was far above your typical bar menu.  Next time I want to try some of the house infused vodkas. I had the Blue Dust salad, it was delicious and under 10$! What a bargain.A GREAT alternative to all the chain places in the waterfront.
4	The house local infused vodkas were delicious!! I can't imagine a Bloody Mary without horseradish infused vodka!  I had the brisket sandwhich and it was basic and delightful! This place is a gem in a sea of waterfront generic food. Eat and drink here! #lovehomestead
4	Really creative food.  Outside of building is deceiving.  Cool murals painted on the walls.  Loved the 3 slider options with 5 choices of meat.  Chocolate stout cake was delicious.  Definitely will go back.
2	Stopped in for a drink before a show at the Carnegie Music Hall. Was hit by a wall of vomit/sewer aroma when we walked in the door. Horrible, never fully went away (the bathrooms smelled better than the main room). As a result, did not try the food. Decent beer list, and enjoyed the dark & stormy. But not worth a special trip & not worthy of the Chiodo legacy/standard for dives in Homestead.
5	I took the waiter's advice on my beer and my sandwich & I was not disappointed! Such an amazing meal, nice beer selection and reasonably priced.
4	Great beer list and cooler. Great prices during happy hour.I love the huluski here. Big fat noodles and cabbage with onions for only $1, can't beat that price. They have rotating menu with specials listed for each month. Last month i had the tilapia sandwich which was AMAZing!! Lots of flavor, not overly fried and all the veggies taste fresh.They shop for a lot of food locally and offer healthy choices to fried foods plus they have a lot of meals you cant really get other places. My husband ordered the chicken stir-fry which was so good and they give you plenty of food for leftovers. Took my mom here and she enjoyed it as well, even had a kids menu for grilled cheese and PBnJ sandwiches. I wanted to try some of their exoctic liquor. I dont drink whiskey or bourbon but they had a root beer flavored one so I thought what they heck. Unfortunately they had run out before i could taste it. Oh well..I'll probably be dining their tonight and watch the pens game.
5	Great vibe! Great food! Great beer selection! Great joint overall. We stopped in at Burgatory...2.5hr wait.....PF Changs...1.5hrs....I'm glad we missed out on those two. Blue dust is just way more fun!
4	In a word WOW! came here after reading the other yelp reviews and all I can say is I am glad I did. I had the salmon special and it was really good the fish was nice and fresh not some frozen patty like the food chains, the potatoes were real and so was the spinach. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars was because I am not a big micro brew guy and when I asked what they had they just point to a giant chalk board in the back. When you have over 20 micro brews on tap a little help would have been nice. I didn't ask for help nor did they offer so you can take that one as you want.How can you beat a killer Salmon dinner and a couple of beers for 26 Bucks?
5	Great variety of draft beers. We had the 3 sliders combo, Porklilla and smoked brisket all were amazing. Might have been the best pulled pork I've ever had. Don't be fooled by the way it looks from the street. This place is top notch.
5	Blue Dust is one of those "hidden" Pittsburgh gems I bring people to if they are visiting the city or can't figure out "hey, where should we eat?" It really has something for everyone. First, the beer selection is great. There's about two dozen seasonal beers on tap, plus loads more in the cooler. BD also has a small menu of handcrafted cocktails, some of which include their homemade liquors! There's a monthly list of specials which always includes seasonal and local ingredients. You will also find a handful of vegetarian (and sometimes even vegan) options. The soup changes daily, and almost all of them are winners (try the curried crab bisque!).  As for my favorites from the main fare, I simply cannot resist the Homestead Surf and Turf, a half pulled pork, half crab sandwich which comes with barbecue sauce and horseradish sauce respectively. As a side, one can choose from the yummy fresh coleslaw or chips and salsa. I will also add that this, along with just about everything else on the menu, is a very healthy portion of food. The food and drink really make up a four-star review. What I like about Blue Dust is the atmosphere, the diverse clientele, and the service.  Patrons range from athletes fresh off the Homestead bike path to elderly folks coming from a day of shopping from the waterfront. Servers are always attentive, friendly, and have interesting stories to tell.  Did you know Frank (the bartender and manager) is an incredibly talented comic book artist? If you ever need to have a meal or drink alone, never fear about heading into Blue Dust solo. Pull up a seat at the bar and meet some wonderful people.
5	So- I have driven past this past a thousand times and never thought to stop here, until I saw that I had a city dining card for it. My boyfriend and I were apprehensive about coming, considering from the outside it looks like any other typical dive bar. But we gave it a chance and I am really glad we did. It's adorable inside.. They had a ton of awesome beers on tap, I had the Great Lakes Lake Erie monster :). They have house infused vodkas including pickle, expresso and even horse radish.. How unique? We went on a Sunday evening, it was dead. Our server was incredibly friendly. I was surprised by their menu, they had a ton of vegan and vegetarian options even though they are famous for their pulled pork. My boyfriend and I started off with the red bean dip- incredible. Next, we got two house salads- they came with spring greens, almonds and cranberries, nothing too crazy but yet very delicious. My boyfriend ordered the pulled pork sandwich - awesome, really sweet BBQ sauce although I wasn't a huge fan of the aged provolone. I got the veggie wrap with portabellas, zucchini and peppers- messy but amazing.Overall, this place is awesome and I loved it. I absolutely plan on going back!
5	Great place. I had a delicious pork sandwich with just the right balance of pork, sauce, and bread, crispy cole slaw, and a refreshing  sour beer called the smutty dog. More importantly, it had a great atmosphere. It's not the most crowded bar, but don't let that fool you. It's a great place to go for a relaxing time, a sandwich, and a beer.
4	I always forget about Blue Dust; maybe it's because the Waterfront is on the other side of town; maybe it's because there are so many other awesome places in Pittsburgh! Whatever it is, I'm glad we picked this card from the City Dining Card Deck today!Blue Dust has a dive bar atmosphere with a classy and sophisticated menu-a true juxtaposition, which I enjoy. Sort of a surprise, especially to those who haven't been yet. We ordered from a diverse draft selection of several craft beers; their bottle selection is also very respectable, housing domestic and imported craft brews, some of which are normally a little more difficult to find. The appetizers we ordered were the China Doll Chana Daal dip (lentil mash) and pita bread, and nachos with beef brisket. Both were outstanding! I particularly enjoyed the lentil chana dip (it was covered in fresh onions and tomatoes-great mix)!Around the table, entrees were ordered that included the pulled pork sandwich, falafel salad, fish tacos, cranberry and walnut salad, and teriyaki chicken wrap. Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meals, but I will speak for myself when I say that the coleslaw recipe was weird, and not a good kind of weird. It needed more vinegar if that's the way they're going. Also, the chicken in the wrap was a bit overlooked and under saucedService was SO right-on. Server's name was Becky. What I loved most was that she knew the draft list and actually contradicted my very knowledgable husband! Loved it! Ha!Good experience. We will return...again.
4	Great selection of beer. Smoked chicken legs are the best! Pierogi night on Tuesdays is a good value. Beer can be pricey, but the selection is endless. Bloody Mary on a Sunday is fantastic.
4	I can't believe that I have been driving right past this place for over a year and I never tried it. I visited yesterday for lunch on a whim and was seriously impressed. The atmosphere is pretty dive-y, but the food is delicious! They also have a really awesome selection of beer on tap. Be warned, the Blue Dust slogan is "no crap on tap" and they aren't kidding. Don't expect to find any Budweiser, Miller, Coors, or Yuengling on tap here. They did have Guinness on tap, and you can take that for what it is. Draft prices are pretty reasonable (around $6), especially compared to other places on the Waterfront with decent beer (Burgatory, Rock Bottom). I started with one of the soups of the day, curry crab bisque, and was blown away. It was spicy and flavorful with some decent crab. I ordered a bowl and the portion was really generous--bigger than the bowls in my own kitchen. My boyfriend got the grilled chicken appetizer with barbeque sauce and was impressed with the quality of the chicken and sauce.For my lunch I got the 3 cheese sandwich, which comes with fresh basil and tomato. I asked if they could add onion and they did so for free. It was very good, but not great. I guess it's hard to blow people away with a cheese sandwich, so no worries. My boyfriend got the pulled pork sandwich ("porkzila") and loved it. He said he intends to go back and order the same thing. A friend was also impressed with his hot italian sandwich, which looked to have a generous portion of meat and cheese. Sandwiches come with either chips and salsa or cole slaw (the vinegar kind, not the mayo kind). The salsa is a basic pico, but I really liked it. I didn't try the cole slaw. I liked this place a lot and will definitely go back to try some of their other options. Reasonably priced beer on tap is enough of a draw by itself.
5	We were in town for the night and are sooooooo tired of the usual chain restaurant fare that we were surrounded by, like Chan's, etc. in the waterfront area. Since my guy grew up in Pittsburgh, I jumped on Yelp to hopefully find something unique with funky creative food close to us. Neither of us felt like fighting the crowds and traffic in the Strip District.   I hit a home run with this gem I came up with! We loved the feel and friendliness of the place from the minute we saddled up at the bar. Gastro pub is the perfect description of what they do here! I ordered the pulled park sammy and it was just amazing! They smoke all their own pork and brisket right there. The sauces and accompaniments are also made in house. What a breath of culinary heaven!   Price is great, food amazing, staff friendly. We officially have a new hang out when were in Pittsburgh!
4	Last winter a friend took me to the Blue Dust after a late night shopping trip, and I fell in love with it instantly.  I loved the decor and the staff.  In February, I ended up moving to Duquesne and the Blue Dust is my new haunt.  I'm from New York, originally, and I'm particular about my pastrami.  Happy to report that their pastrami lives up to an east side NY deli!  They also do a delicious Falafel -- moist with a flaky/crunchy ouside (almost like Panko).  The staff is awesome and so is the clientele.  I go there often and have met some fun people.  And if you're a Train Spotter, you'll be more than delighted!
5	The draft list is bananas amazing! So good. Great environment. Love sitting outside and watching the trains to by in the summer.
5	friendly staff in a bar which has easily become talk of the town. the ambiance embodies the heart and soul of Pittsburgh while maintaining a classic drink menu with a distinct and delicious twist. the food is to die for, simplistic yet elegantly crafted plates of comfort food with vegan options. it's worth a drive if you aren't around the area and if you are I expect you have already visited and encourage you to stop by again.
