5	I just went on a wine tour this past weekend with Imbibe Tours and had such a great time! I was surprised that southern Nevada had such beautiful wineries and so close to Vegas! The guides on the tour made the hour drive to Pahrump go by so fast. They played fun music videos and we got to try 3 different wines in a blind tasting on the way there. They have helpful information about Vegas and before you know it, it's time to get off the bus! Both wineries we visited were beautiful. We had a gourmet lunch at the first one that was delicious with a great view of the vines. Gretchen, the owner of that winery, was very animated! Fun to listen to and learn from. The second winery was a great experience also. On the way back to Vegas we got another blind tasting of 3 different reds. The whole experience was so much fun and such a great activity to do for groups who would like a quick day trip away from Vegas! LOVED IT!
5	A great day touring the only two wineries in southern Nevada.  It started with wine tasting on the drive out to Pahrump (location of the wineries), about an hour drive.  We then had a tour of the Pahrump Valley Winery followed by a wine tasting and a delicious lunch (and a glass of our favorite wine). Proceeded to the second winery, Sanders Family Winery, where we had another set of tastings.  On the way back to Vegas we had our last three tastings.  All-in-all we had about 22 tastings and a full glass at lunch, plenty!  I highly recommend the tour, it's fun, easy, and goes by way to quickly.
5	Looking forward to gathering a group of friends and taking this tour again! Had such a great time! Discovered a few wines that I'd like to purchase more of. Met some great people (Alan was a great guide!) and had an awesome gourmet lunch.  (The lobster bisque soup & the Barbera wine were my favorites!) Booking the tour and meeting the shuttle bus for pick up were easy and convenient. Highly recommend!!
5	Went on this tours last weekend...omg, it was so much fun! I highly recommend to everybody. I have a new appreciation for wine and how it is made. The tour guide, Alan, was fun and informative. Transportation was very nice and comfortable, the trip to the wineries was fun and entertaining.
5	Took my mom on this wine tour and we had so much fun. Visiting the wineries in Pahrump, we were given an educational tour as well as the history of the winery.  Lunch was first class...and the wine tastings were fun and first class. Best way to spend a day away from the strip. I highly recommend Imbibe Tours....you will not be disappointed.
5	Me & my wife did the tour with Imbibe last Sunday. Wow, such a pleasant experience. Highly recommended tour if you want something chill and fun; away from the Strip craziness. Everything was very well organized and timed. Really good wines (that you can also buy for discounted prices when on this tour) and a great lunch at a very nice upscale restaurant. 2 different wineries and plenty of free tastings that are included in the tour price.We were extremely happy, thank you Imbibe!
5	This tour was a great way to spend the day! The lunch was amazing and we had plenty to drink. Alan entertained us on the ride and got us great discounts at the wineries!I'm looking forward to more tour offerings from this budding company!
