4	Sandwiched between West High School and Regent Market Co-op, The Froth House steams up some pretty incredible espresso in a cozy brick building. I stopped in the other day after being alerted that they "use real milk from a glass bottle"! Sure enough, that glass bottle is Blue Marble Dairy. And if you don't know what that is, fine. Leaves more for me.First visit, I ordered a cappucino and it was perfectly light and creamy. Truly. Better than many places in Seattle can make them. Second visit, I ordered another cappucino and, meh, it was more like a frothy latte and not hot enough. Still, it was a damn fine start to my morning.The Froth House aims to be an Art House Cafe, according to their website, serving not only good food and drink, but also providing a community space for artists and musicians. The cafe is split into two rooms with lots of little black tables and pomegranate-colored walls; there's a patio that I need to check out as well. I browsed their menu and they have a number of affordable sandwiches and soup, but I have yet to eat there. I noticed this morning that they have a pre-paid lunch program where you can send a text or email before lunch and they'll have it ready for you to pick up. Cool!I have a feeling I'll be braving many a wintery weekend morning, getting my froth on.
5	I drink 2-3 lattes a day so I look for excellent espresso shots and creamy froth, this place serves it up right! Also, I love their loose leaf Chai, alot better than most places' instant tea. The sandwiches on the menu are delicious, great quality of product and extra points for being locally sourced. The smoothies are a great breakfast food. The service is friendly and the place is clean and well kept. Prices are competitive. Best place to chill out on the West High area.
4	Classic, independent, college coffeehouse in a cool neighborhood.
5	So peaceful on a Sunday morning, as any coffee house should be. I was only able to try two things: a breakfast burrito and an iced mocha.The iced mocha was on par with Panera's, which I love. It's more coffee than chocolate, just the way I like it. I practically inhaled that sucker...it never stood a chance.The real surprise--and delight--was their breakfast burrito. Egg, spinach, tomato, cheese, and I think salsa. I didn't even know salsa was in it until I got the ends (it was cut in half cross-wise); normally a breakfast burrito with any type of sauce leaks like an old roof in a monsoon, but not this one. It was the neatest burrito I've ever had, and the addition of spinach and the MASSIVE tomato slices made it that much more fantastic. Do yourself a favor and try the burrito!As for the staff, they are very sweet. You will be taken care of. :)
5	My first visit here was as good as it possibly could have been. Great, personal customer service, delicious iced latte, super fast wifi, and a LIFE-CHANGING blueberry muffin. Quiet, peaceful, and lovely setting. I'll definitely be frequenting this spot.
5	Great little coffee shop! Friendly staff, local art and music. School days at lunch time can get hairy. Still highly recommended!!!
5	I was just so impressed with the personalized service I received the first time I went to Froth's. And all I ordered was a specialty tea and small pastry! I will definitely be back to try the food, especially after reading the review about the burrito. Loved the laid-back (non-sterile) atmosphere, too. Almost mistook it for an East Side establishment! The West Side could use more charming places like this...
5	A great off-Monroe funky spot with a bunch of solid vegetarian options to the tune of: Mediterranean plate with hummus, artichoke hearts, olives, feta, and warm flatbread; Chipotle black bean burger; "G'Bonzo" chickpea sandwich; a meatless breakfast burrito. I tried the 2-Bean veggie chili which came with crusty bread, was deeee-licious, and only set me back $4. They have some vegan peanut butter chocolate yum yum cookies I will have to return to try! They've got live music EVERY NIGHT 5-6 pm and tons of cool local art on the walls. A great place to grab a coffee and work or read !
4	If it weren't for Yelptern Izzy D and a Monroe-ish Street meeting we had scheduled, I probably would have never come across this place. Glad I did though... glad I did. I have yet to chow down so I can't speak to their eats... I'll surely nab some nosh and let you know. What I CAN tell you is that the interior is awesome. Super chill, super quirky, but super quaint, so not the place to meet 10 of your besties for coffee. There are two sides, I like the side you enter on because I think it's a bit more active and I dig the furniture sitch. Staff is so welcoming, informative, and isn't quick to rush you out if you're working for a while. Java is solid. Bonus points for having live music every night 5-6. This is what their sign says, this is what their staff says, though I haven't been for tunes yet. Food and tunes anyone? Let's go!
4	Really great place to study, have coffee, and/or buy a homemade bite to eat!  The blueberry muffins are some of the best I've had in Madison and they are baked right on the premises.  They also make soup, but get there before 1p or it might be all gone as it's a popular lunch menu item.  The staff always makes me feel welcome and they are quick to offer drink suggestions if I stare at the menu too long :)Every Monday night from 5-7p they have Open Mic and drinks are 1/2 price from 5-6p (for what they've dubbed the "happiest hour on Earth").  The music is always good, but $1.75 beers make it sound even better :)  And now that the weather is nice, you can use their awesome back patio!They are open everyday 7a-7p, so be sure to hit them up!
3	Cute place, random location. Their popular sandwich, the Ben Franklin, was a standard turkey sandwich on a baguette, made unique by the red onion chutney and plating with Sriracha sauce. There's back garden seating, but it's a bit rocky and dusty with no real shade so on a sunny day you'd likely prefer the indoor coziness. If I were in the area in search of a watering hole, I might stop by again.
4	I needed to find a venue that offered good coffee & vegetarian fare, while presenting an environment suitable for great conversation, all in a quirky or unique atmosphere.Enter The Froth House (thanks, Izzy for the reccomendation!!).While they normally have live music from 5-6pm, the music was foregone in favor of a retro movie night, where patrons were invited to attend in corresponding costumes/dress. The movie night was hosted in the "side" room of the building, so as not to disrupt the primary serving/seating area.Let's start with the atmosphere. I loved the dark red walls, black trim, and original hardwood flooring. The artwork featured an interesting mix of exotic cars and flowers. Definitely a unique combination.The soundsystem was a touch on the loud side, but it was still quite easy for us to converse without much trouble. As the evening neared movie time, the music was lowered and eventually turned-off.A chalkboard displayed the drink specials; not pictured were brews... Enter quirk #2: The Froth House offers a happy hour, with half-price drinks from 5-6pm - who knew?! We were there for coffee/tea, so I stuck with a medium roast coffee.The coffee was fantastic. I'm not sure who they use, but the roast and brew were totally excellent. I'll admit that I browsed the baked items (cookies, muffins, scones) and ultimately remained strong, although the cookies looked divine.After chatting for a while, we decided to order the Med plate, which featured pita wedges with hummus, chili-spiced feta, pickled artichokes, and Kalamata olives. The plate was ready in no time, and was more than enough for two people to enjoy.The hummus was just slightly spicy; not overly flavorful, but far from bland. The texture was spot-on. The artichokes were your typical offering, as were the olives (admittedly, I'm not a huge fan of olives). The chili-spiced feta was interesting - they crumbled feta and tossed it with some Sriracha (or similar), and was pretty tasty.The prices were more than fair, and the staff was excellent. They graciously allowed us to stay well beyond the 7pm closing time (although the movie night was still going, so perhaps that had something to do with it).You bus your own tables and get your own water; neither of which bother me in the least. Oh, and they also take cards, so no need to bring cash only.
5	The best coffee shop in Madison.  Good bye slow service, zero tables, and dark corners at Indie.  Hello bright sunlit rooms, quick friendly service, and indoor and outdoor spaces at the Froth House!  Not only do they have delicious coffee, but they serve a healthy lunch menu even equipped with a few vegan options.  They also have live music a few nights a week.  The owners are really sweet and love their customers.  I spent day and night here for two months while finishing my Masters thesis, and I always looked forward to coming back the next day.  As long as you don't mind a gaggle of Regent HS kids at lunchtime, or a walk/drive/bus/bike ride from your usual seat at Indie, this place is worth it.  I only wish they had a sister store in Houston!
5	This place feels like a coffee shop should feel. Cozy atmosphere, vintage styling with light jazz music to perk you up. The service is very personable and friendly, like you'd expect from a professional small business. Oh and the coffee? Outstanding! Will visit again soon. Only 5$ min on CC, feel free to tip as well.
2	Since Eric left the counter has been an absolute disaster.  In six weeks they still don't have someone that knows how to use the cash register or keep up with making coffee.  Being second in line generally means a fifteen minute wait while the cashier hunts for buttons on the register and then notices that all the carafes are empty.
2	There are certainly better coffee houses in Madison. I decided to give the Froth House a try based on the location and the recommendation from someone else, and I was not impressed.First, the good: The barista/ cashier was very friendly, even for a Monday morning. I ordered an espresso macchiato, and even though it wasn't on the menu she knew exactly what the drink was (espresso with a little foam). Onto the not-so-good: first, the coffee seemed burned and a little sour - like the beans were a little too old to be served. My little espresso cup was chipped and dirty, and worst of all there were grounds in the bottom of the cup. The place is perfectly comfortable if you just want to go sit and use the internet or read a book, but then again so is a library. Considering it's a coffee shop I'd expect a little more from the coffee.
5	The best chai in Madison!! Aimee and Kelly were so inviting. The chocolate chip banana bread was delicious and homemade. The espresso had a velvety crema with a bright body and smooth finish. The vibe in the place is so inviting and chill. I love it and will definitely travel from Milwaukee again to visit the Froth House!
