4	This is my favorite Starbucks location in North Las Vegas/Las Vegas/Henderson (and I want to say that I have been to 90% of them.  Yes, I have an addition!)When I walk into this location, the staff knows my drink.  Ben, is probably the best "barista" that I have ever seen!  He is FAST and makes the best drinks.  The rest of the staff are really nice too.  But Ben has got to be my favorite.I am giving it 4 stars because this location does not have a drive-thru, which would be fantastic.  And a couple of the staff like to talk to my ear off BEFORE they give me my coffee. (don't most people know that people don't like to have deep conversations before coffee or caffeine? haha!)  Luckily, I see those staff members maybe every two weeks.Thank you, Ben, for being a hard-worker and giving fabulous customer service!
4	This is a normal Starbuck's outlet.  It does not have a drive through which makes it somewhat quaint. The pace is a bit laid back because you have to park and actually walk inside.I have always found the staff to be pleasant and efficient.
3	I like this Starbucks. The staff is very friendly and it has a welcoming feel to the shop. I think not having a drive up window is a blessing. I would give this shop a 5 star if they were ever open when I want them to be. They close at 6, and I'm always looking for a coffee after dinner, or on my way out for the night.
4	You know what to expect at Starbucks, so not many surprises. No drive thru - don't care. They don't seem to keep the place quite as clean as my local Starbucks and pastries are in shorter supply than other Starbucks the afternoon I was there. i always feel a little inadequate in Starbucks because I don't order a stupidly complicated drink, but it's an extremely safe option for coffee, always consistent, cool vibe and New York Times.
4	Great service. Just went in for a pound of Italian roast, and left with that plus the new tribute blend. I love when baristas can talk coffee and not just fake it.
3	I'm not a huge fan of Starbucks, never have been. But I was given a giftcard and that's fine. I do have 1 or 2 drinks from there that I like.  I typically enjoy their iced green tea latte with soy milk.  Their prices are typical for a coffee shop. (I personally believe they are a little over priced but they are in comparible to other places)  Service is good and typically not a problem on their rare times that I go.  They definitely need to expand their food products and lower their prices on them.  A muffin to go with a coffee should never be more then $2
5	I have always been a big fan of Starbucks. We're talking about years! Love this location that's just minutes from my house. The main thing I like about it is it is very cozy, intimate and never too slammed. Although I haven't yet, I can see a few Sundays in here just hanging out, drinking my Skinny Vanilla Latte (until the fall flavors come. Mmmmm.....Egg Nog and Pumpkin Spice Latte!!!) while surfing the net on my iPad or Macbook. The employees here are super cool as well. Always nice....always! And lastly, the aroma once you walk into the door is just hypnotizing! Yup....I'm an addict!
3	Pretty typical Starbucks.  While I'm a fan of the company, the one thing about this place is that the parking in the morning is kind of meh and there's no drive-thru.  The couple times I've gone to this one, the service has been quick so that was good.
4	Yelp is real reviews by real people. This real person is a fan of coffee. When it is hot! A slight dilemma at this Starbucks was that the coffee was not hot. After they brewed new coffee, it still wasn't hot. By the time of the refill the coffee was hot.   Despite the fact that the first two cups of coffee were not hot, this is a charming Starbucks. It is in a part of Las Vegas that isn't hyper busy. Because the shopping center it anchors is small it is not challenging to find a parking space. Without a drive thru and featuring soft lighting, this is a cozy Starbucks. It looks like it was remodeled with an emphases on comfort. The baristas are personable and fast. An example of friendly service is when the barista let a customer use their phone.   A closing time of 7 p.m., seems kind of early on a Saturday. But it makes business sense considering this Starbucks does most of its business in the morning (this is what the barista told the customer).  This real person could return to this Starbucks if he is in the area. Most likely it will be for an ice blended beverage.
5	My first stop in the morning when I work day shift. They know my name, they make my drink right and they are always happy. Cant ask for more.
3	I use several Starbucks to hold quick business meetings. Of course I always order coffee.  However, I generally purchase Starbuck's beans at the supermarket.  Many people do not know that if you bring the bag into Starbucks they give you a FREE tall coffee.  I have atleast 20 of these bags sitting in my car.  Well, I decided to use two of these on the same day at this location (I had two meetings), well the Cashier (who looked like a manager) gave me this furrowed brow look speaking "Really, cheapo?"   and when  she gave me my coffee she said "here".   Where was the Thank you?As she wants, I probably won't be coming here anymore.  Besides, the inside doesn't have much table seating, the music is too loud, and the parking lot is a nightmare due to some very popular restaurants along with this Starbucks.
5	Finally got the staff trained, and they're great! If u have a pooch, ask for a pup-accino. Mine loves it!
1	Well this rating is going down. This location is always out of breakfast sandwiches. Like they had the classic sausage and cheddar sandwich literally once the last ten times I tried to buy it.The frustrating part is that I drive less than a mike to the much busier location next to LVAC and they have have never been out. So whoever is doing your ordering. You are losing sales and customers.
3	This location is ok. The level of service and overall attentiveness to the guest could be dramatically improved. The drink was made properly. The vibe in this store was very low as if they didnt want customers.
3	This is a standard Starbucks, either you are already a fan of Starbucks, or you are not.  I don't frequent Starbucks, but had received a gift card.  I was disappointed that they closed at 7PM.  The tea and friendliness of the staff was on par with Starbucks standards.
5	LOVE the coffee & great service!! We always grab a coffee in a house mug & sit outside:: great view.. Quiet but busy place! Fancy holiday coffees are a MUST
