4	I was always a customer of Allstate until I got married, and we got better rates elsewhere.  Once we bought a house, that changed and we were back to Allstate, but still using our agent in Flagstaff.  After calling my agent to complain about rate hikes, I was advised there was nothing that could be done short of dropping coverage.  Oh wait, I was told there was an additional discount that she could have applied to the bill I just paid, but she never did that.I called Misty's office for a policy review when I had had enough of my Flag agent.  To my surprise, there was a lot that could be done.  I signed up for electronic billing and auto withdrawal (which I could still use with the pay in full option) and my rate went down substantially.  Misty also went through my coverage with me and new plan options that are available resulting in better coverage for us without a bunch of extraneous benefits we don't really need.  As to be expected, my husband had an accident with a tree shortly after increasing our deductible and dropping rental car coverage, but now that that's out of the way, we can start saving money.  And I can attest that Allstate really does have excellent claims service.
5	My agent really does deserve 5 stars.  Not only has she saved us money, but she calls periodically to make sure we don't have any questions and are satisfied with our coverage.And this was a new one to me...Her office sponsored a private showing of Transformers complete with gift cards for snacks and prizes from Crate and Barrel.  The catch?  There was none.  No spiel about a new product or upping your current coverage.  Just a free movie as a thank you.  Who does that? Terrific office!
5	Rates aren't always going to be as competitive as some other companies, but I like benig able to bundle everything under one company so I don't have to worry as much about billings with multiple companies.  Plus, the intangibles at this branch are great - Parisa is an excellent agent, they are always looking to help you get discounts wherever it's applicable, and even a free goodie bag when you join the family!  Plus with Allstate's safe driving plan, your premium can only go down... so what are you waiting for?
5	I've known Misty since 2002 while we were both students at Arizona State University, Go Devils.  She's very knowledgeable at what she does.  If she does not know an answer, she will call either her district manager or Allstate to get the answers answered right away.  she's a type of person that you can count on, and if you choose her to be your insurance agent, you can definitely count on her.  She's a very honest and trustworthy person.  If you are ever in need of help, she'll do whatever she can to be there for you and to take care of you and/or your family.  Give her a call today and find how how much you can save by switching your insurance to Allstate!
5	Best insurance agent you will ever find.  Misty has been in an insurance business for a very long time and she knows her stuff.  If you just need a quote or is looking for a permanent relationship with Allstate Insurance, she's the the only go-to person you'll ever need.  Give her a call and find out how much money you'll be saving!
5	5 Star Top Notch Agency!!  This office is a team of professionals that are; intelligent, accurate, compassionate, timely with follow up and very knowledgeable. We are always impressed when we send them referrals and get overwhelming positive feedback from the clients.
5	Thanks for being there for me and being so easy to talk to when my plans changed. My life has been in a major state of flux and it definitely helps when people are helpful and easy to work with. Stay awesome!
