2	This is a new kiosk in the Las Vegas Outlet Mall on Las Vegas Boulevard. We just tried the gelato which was O.K. You are able to try as many flavors as you like....We got the chocolate, mint chocolate and lemon pie/cream (can't exactly remember) All were just average, nothing over the top delicious here. After a few bites of the lemon I threw it away as there began to be a weird aftertaste. I guess after walking around the mall I could see how this place could be a good pick me up but I'd rather buy an Orange Julius....
5	When you are trying to quench your thirst while doing a little shopping and you want something aside from the typical soda or lemonade.Pros:  *  Gelato , Cappuccinos,  Smoothies !   *  One free Booster for free in your smoothies  *  Good Customer Service  *  Guavasteen  (My favorite of the drinks).Cons:  *  I'm not a big fan of their gelato flavors.  If you like tarty flavors though, you'll love it  Overall:  While doing a little shopping at the newly renovated Premium South Oulets, I went here for a refreshing beverage.  I went with the Guavasteen, which I've had a few times actually.  Actually, all the smoothies I've had from here are pretty good.  You can get one free "booster" with every smoothie:  Protein, Focus, etc.  I've tried their Gelato too.  Although I listed it as a Con, I think it's fair to state that I'm not much into the tarty flavors.  They do have Cappuccino flavor too.  Tips:  *  Ask for a sample of whatever it is you may want to try.  They are more than willing to let you sample it prior to making your decision.  *  Do not forget to ask for your free booster, otherwise they won't even offer it.    *  Their menu has a break down of the caloric intake for each drink if that's your fancy.
4	48 grams of protein in a dessert!!Rain or shine, cold or hot...I always find my way to Energy Zone if I'm at the South Premium Outlets.  Located right outside the Nike entrance, you can't miss the huge Energy Zone sign.  They specialize in gelatos, smoothies, and crepes.  I'm sure they're all good, but I haven't tried their gelatos and crepes.  I think my last trip to Rome damaged my opinion to gelatos outside of Italy.   I usually make my stop here for a ready to drink meal (RTD), which is their Peanut Butter Protein Blaster.  This treat consist of Peanut Butter, Vanilla Frozen Yogurt, Bananas, Chocolate Syrup, and a scoop of Whey Protein.  I end up ditching the banana and had them add an extra scoop of protein for an additional $.59.  That's 48 grams of whey protein in a dessert.  Totally hits the spot, especially when the temperature out here starts to rise.  My only issue with this kiosk is that it's not the fastest service in the world.  It takes time to make a crepe and that's what most people get here.  My luck, I'm always behind someone that is ordering 2 to 3 crepes.  Next time you're in this outlet mall and making that decision what to eat/drink to tie you over, come try the Energy Zone.
