4	Hidden away from the giant chain music shops on Princes street, Hogs Head Music provides a fantastic range of second hand DVD's and CD's  - with every genre imaginable available in the small shop. Hogs Head Music has friendly staff, who know music like the back of their hands - and will happily talk about obscure bands few of us have ever heard of if the opportunity arises. Buying prices are cheap for the vast collection of music and films, but rare or special edition CD's/DVD's are bordering on the expensive. Hog's Head is happy enough to buy your old CD's and DVD's for reasonable prices, based upon the rarity of what you are selling, and its condition.Hogs Head Music is an excellent find for those who want more obscure artists or films, at a reasonable price.
3	A second hand CD/DVD store which is great for browsing and finding good quality discs at good prices. It has a  large selection and you could be suprised of what might crop up if you just ask the quite knowledgeable staff. Apart from mainstream hits there's also a grand choice of good oldies and lesser known bands to choose from.Don't be deterred by its dark interior and the owner's abrupt manner. It may not be a flashy music chain store, but it's a good place to hunt for a bargain and discover new music.
4	Hogs Head music hails from a dying breed of music stores, probably because it has much more personality than the high street.Dark, dingy and inspiring, it's the kind of place that begs you to dig in and have a look around. With an eclectic, decently priced selection of second hand music and DVDs, the stock is in very good condition considering how little you pay for it.The owner was very helpful when I was in, and seemed genuinely interested in your custom. It had a great selection of music DVDs and I was especially impressed with how much punk music they had. Including what I am assuming is a rare live Bouncing Souls DVD, which I might go back for since I regret leaving it.All I can say about Hogs Head is I wish there were more independent stores like it. Great quality second hand CD's, rarities and low prices, you can't go wrong in here!
3	It's always worth a look in second hand film and music shops.  One day you'll find nothing. The next you'll find a handful of classics for next to nothing. Hogs Head Film and Music provides shelves of second hand entertainment and at some exceptionally cheap prices. My logic is, at least with music and film DVDs, if it still works and has no scratches on the disc then whats the difference from it being brand new? In this respect, Hogs Head houses some awesome bargains.
3	I came into Hogs Head Music a few times in my first year as one of my friends loved the place.  It's a good place to come to pick up some cheap CDs and DVDs, a lot of which are interesting and obscure.  The owner is also pretty friendly and is, of course, very into his music.  He stocks an eclectic range of both classic and recent albums, from operatics to NWA's gangster rap.  This, of course, adds to the interest of the place and attracts a good range of people. The quality of some of their products, however, is questionable and some of the discs look pretty scuffed.  Having said this, it is second hand and offers a great place to trade in those films and CDs which you've had your time with.
5	Great independent music shop selling second hand cds etc, always in mint condition Loads of obscure stuff that you won't find at hmv etc. Great,  friendly staff Best music shop in Edinburgh,  no doubt about it.
