4	I stayed here as a teen with my family for one of my dad's convention. Already by then, it was pretty run down. Today, it's a fun, funky, stylishly decorated hotel. Good location, excellent service, with great restaurants. I'd definitely recommend the Ho!
4	My family stayed here this past summer while visiting me and had a great time.  It is a little pricey but it really is a beautiful property and they take good care of their guests.  The pool is a nightmare in the daytime as it is filled with Scottsdale's finest (most obnoxious) rich kids, but other than that it is a fun place.  The restaurants are nice and the staff is very friendly and professional.
5	what is it with me and pricey phoenix hotels? i swear i don't just give out fives willy nilly or do i have any particular adoration for phoenix.  (sorry phx.) I went to the Valley Ho on an amazing business trip that involved rock stars and the Oakland Athletics, which happen to be my favorite team. it was downright magical. the decor was fantastic, the rooms were huge, with huge tubs, a poolside patio and a comfy chaise lounge. the flatscreen TV had an iPod doc! yaaaaay! (why don't more hotels do this?) the pool was phenomenal. i sat around for days on couches drinking bloody mary's and frozen drinks. the lobby bar had a deadly but wonderful drink called the stardust. The trader vic's attached isn't so hot, but i generally liked all the food i got from the pool bar and the restaurant ZuZus. (room service too- they make their own english muffins!!!)If i'm comparing it to the royal palms, the other phoenix resort i raved about, it's tough. Royal Palms is better for chilling and families; Valley Ho is better for singles. Royal Palms is your wedding; Valley Ho the bachelorette party. Valley Ho had better food and more style, but Royal Palms had a bit more to it and better service. Really, you can't go wrong with either. What is it about Phoenix hotels??? all i know is i am no longer groaning when i'm sent on a business trip there!
3	Another stylish and swanky hotel in Scottsdale. Easy to find, you have to valet your car. Bye, bye independence. Hello $20 tip. The lobby is beyond prestige. You walk in and instantly feel 20 points hipper. Too bad nobody you know is there to see you. The rooms are lovely and modern with the best smelling shampoo and soap - ever. You think you hit the jackpot. Only, after dinner (we ate at the nearby Trader Vic's - yum!) and too-many-drinks, you stumble back to your room to pass out. Only there's a party next door that intends to keep you awake the entire night. So, you step outside on the patio and listen to their conversation. You are only slightly amused, although you are ever-so reminded that you are beat and in dire need of Z's. Too bad Party Boy and his Peeps have no shame in keeping you awake with them. Exhausted, you finally fade into slumber around dawn. The bed is comfy; you don't want to leave it. But, alas, you must due to an evil thing called Check Out. On your way, you grab the sweet smellin' shower goods. Damnit, you should grab the TV and coffee maker, too. It's the least the hotel owes you for putting you next to the loudest hotel guests ever. Oh well. Life goes on, and you never have to go back. That, my friend, is called independence.
4	This is a great hotel to stay in if you want to enjoy an intown vaca and basically use the killer pool. It has a funky vibe with retro decor and the rooms are pretty spacious. Plus you're walking distance or a very cheap cab ride away from some of Scottsdale's hottest clubs.We spent a recent Saturday night here just to spend a leisurely weekend afternoon lying by the pool. Young and beautiful people were kicking back with frozen cocktails and enjoying the outside digs. There's also several cabanas you can rent if you want to throw down some extra money and have a shaded area. You'll be surprised by how many people stay here just to use the pool!
4	Everyone loves the 'Ho.  And why wouldnt we?  Past reviews say it all...Valley Ho is a total scene.  If youre not comfortable with yourself, dont dare to venture here, youre bound to be slitting your wrists before happy hour.  Its my own insecurity that gives this place 4 of 5 stars I'm sure...  Beautiful people line this trendy pool--many Scottsdale residents in for birthday pool parties and a close-to-the-bar room to stumble home to.  Rooms are spacious and modern, flat screen TVs, bold colors, very shiek.  We got food from whatever bar is at the hotel but were too drunk to remember eating or paying for it so I wont review that aspect.  Just know that munchies are available, plus drinks, although I'm not sure why you wouldnt bring your own.  A room poolside is definitely the way to go.  Crunch out a few situps and jog over to the Valley Ho...hundreds of Ho-goers each weekend cant be wrong.
4	this is a nice hotel that's located in a good spot in scottsdale as it is right by a stop for the free trolley which is decent but has some interesting drivers but i digress.  the lobby and the rest of interior has a very ultra contemporary feel to it.  the rooms are cool and the bathrooms are unique.  the pool area is really nice and the i don't if it was that particular day or not but the temperature was perfect.  the water was a bit salty but that's all good.
4	They did a fantastic job renovating this place. It's a great place for a special occasion. My friend had his wedding here... it's a perfect spot. The bar area is neat, but way overpriced. It's a little hoity toity for me as well... if you've got that kind of money, you would probably like it.The pool area is nice, but frequently crowded with what appears to be Mtv Spring Breakers or models. Actually - crowds depend on time of day/week/month/year... The rooms are quite nice and once they finish construction next door, the views will be good again. I don't like to valet my car, so I'm not a fan of the parking situation. The Ho makes a great backdrop for photo shoots as well. I think if you have wealthy family or friends in town, this is one of the better options available. It's also good to meet some friends at the bar if you've got the dough and want to play dress-up. I'm glad they decided to keep it around... I'm kinda upset though that they changed the Valley Ho sign on the corner of 68th and Indian School... after all that work to renovate the place, they finally lose that sign that has been there since I can remember. Pity.
5	About a month and a half ago, I was scouring Orbitz, Travelocity, Hotels.com and just about every other travel site around trying to find a sweet deal on airfare and hotel to a little city called Phoenix. A few options popped up and they all sounded fairly cool, but then I saw it, my destiny, my path and the ONLY hotel for me, yep, the VALLEY HO!Having grown up in the San Fernando Valley and having been called a Ho a few times in my life, what better place to stay right? I mean, hey, talk about feeling at home, hehe. When I perused their website it looked really 50's mod with some loungey and groovy shagaliscious features and while that is soooo not my style, I figured, what the hell, live a little and try something new or at least new with a retro twist. Once I arrived, I instantly felt the need to work my hair into a sassy bouffant, clearly I didn't, but the desire was definitely there. I then toured the grounds and tried to find my "wing," yes this hotel is so big it has wings. Sweet. I then found my room and opened up the door and I think I just checked into my Dad's wardrobe in the 70's.My Dad was an Ad cat you see. Advertising was his game and flashy suits and a gold caddie was his MO. (No, my Dad wasn't a pimp) Now sitting in this room I am surrounded by turquoise walls, gold curtains and a lime green headboard. It's awesome and sooo groovy. The bathroom is a trip too. It's like Star Trek meets Austin Powers meets, um, the color aqua blue. It's got a HUGE bathtub (yay!), weird doors that look like they are from outer space and a big bowl sink to splash your face in.The bed is SOOOO awesome too. A huge cabana king and the bed you wanna be a HO in!!! Any takers? C'mon, the room's on me!! hehe. Yeah, this hotel pretty much rocks and I would highly recommend staying here for a nifty little adventure while out of town...or even in town...nooner anyone?As for the room service, the mac n cheese is awesome, as is the grilled cheese AND they have Red Stripe, which is just automatic cool points right there. The wifi is FREEE (why can't more hotels do that?!) and the staff is courteous, friendly and just plain grand.Thanks for making this Valley HO at HOme here! You guys rock!
5	the valley ho - yea, the ho of the valley. who says you can't turn a ho into a housewife? this ho went through such an awesome transition from seedy motel (which once was a great motel in it's hey-day, the 50s-60s) to ultra modern hipster hotel.my boyf and i stayed there for 1 night for new years eve and we had such a great experience. the room was ultra modern and 60s mod at the same time. it felt like i was in a sea-green and blue-green spaceship in the 60s. i felt like the rat pack was hanging out in the enclosed courtyard pool area, smoking lucky strikes and ordering up mai thais. the set-up is still reminiscent of a motel (outdoor stairwells, all rooms in a circle around a courtyard and a detached main lobby/restaurant/other hotel stuff), but with nicer rooms. the lobby is very old and modern phoenix at the same time. the lobby bar is a great hangout and the outdoor area that has a fireplace and some tables and couches is great for chilly desert nights.ho it up in the valley...this place is classy not trashy.
5	I am a local and wanted something cool to do for my fiance's birthday and a friend recommended the Valley Ho.And I am glad she did.We stayed in the studio guest room, she had a massage at HV Spa and we had dinner at Cafe Zuzu, all of which were wonderful.Our room was huge, private patio, decent view, comfortable bed and furniture. Not only do you get shampoo, bodywash, the usual, but even Qtips. There are your standard water glasses as well as martini and wine glasses. These little extra touches made it all the more enjoyable and worth the price.The hotel is one of the coolest that I have ever stayed in. It is in pristine condition, everything is immaculate and sheik, the decor and design is  a perfect combo of retro and modern that compliments the feel of the hotel. The staff is helpful and out of their way friendly.It is upscale without being pretentious, trendy without being cheesy and an amazing experience that I would recommend to both visitors and locals alike.The one negative is a $12 parking charge, as other reviewers have mentioned.
4	Nice little hidden gem nestled into the shell of an old HoJo out in the desert.Totally swank interior bar/lounge area with a retro vibe.  Plenty of big fireplaces to cuddle around, heat lamps on the outside patio seating, and plenty of other nooks for canoodling.  I liked it a lot.Way bigger than I had expected with several different room types, including condo residences.The staff can be super slow to respond and calls may put you in to the endless loop of doom, but overall the sales & catering departments were great to work with and seemed genuinely happy to have the business.  Onsite, the staff was great too.My meeting is being held in one of the condo units (held empty for such occasions), which is quirky and quite honestly that's why I picked it.  One can only tolerate so many cookie cutter hotel ball or board rooms before one wants to throw oneself out their sealed shut windows.I would totally stay here myself, and would use them again for meetings.
4	I was a skeptic at first, thinking that this place was luring people in with it's glossy exterior only to fall short when it comes to actual quality. I was wrong. The Valley Ho is not only fun to utilize as a word-play, it's also a fantastic hotel. I will start with the things I didn't like...because there are only a couple and they are relatively minor. #1 The in-room coffee. It's by far, THE WORST coffee I've ever had. I've had better cups of instant coffee. The V-Ho is trying real hard on this and I give them an A for effort. But whoever was in charge of selecting the coffee system cares a lot more about appearance and, I'd venture to guess, is not even a recreational coffee drinker. This "thing" makes a cup of coffee that looks like sewar water and tastes like dasani. Please, V-Ho, I beg of you to re-think your in-room coffee system. #2 Smoking at the pool. Yes, the pool is a scene, but I'm really not into having cigarette and cigar smoke wafting in my face all day. #3 There is no #3. But I wasn't really crazy about the town of Scottsdale itself. Yes, in March the weather is perfect. But the town is a you-could-be-anywhere town. All the chain restaurants. It feels a little like Disneyland, with everything setup for the tourists. Unless you're here to by art, there's nothing that you will find interesting about this place. After 1 day of looking around, I was content just to hang out and eat at the hotel.This hotel has great rooms, the beds are superior with delicate, soft linens, a mattress that is both soft & firm, an amazing tub in the middle of the room, ample balcony space, great tv with ipod hookup, and they even brought a DVD player into my room so I could watch movies. They also don't nickel & dime you like other hotels: wireless is free and using the gym at the spa (which is pretty good) is free. I like these little touches.The layout of the rooms is great, you wouldn't think a tub in the middle of the room would work but it does. There's a curtain for privacy if you want it. Lastly, the hotel staff were great. Helpful and friendly but not in that "I am here to be your servant" kind of way. Maybe it's just me, but they actually seemed genuine. And even if that's an act, I rather liked it.
4	Sometimes, I wish I could transport myself back to the 50's. Women were women. Men were men. Drinking vodka martini's at 2 pm was acceptable. I was able to go back in time while staying at the Hotel Valley Ho in Old Town Scottsdale. They took an old Howard Johnson, and completely revamped it with a great, 1950's theme. Totally retro chic. Rooms were very comfortable and well designed. I loved the mood lighting in the bathroom! The staff was extremely polite and accommodating...from the front desk to the room service. We didn't get to experience the pool, since Arizona was in a cold snap while we visited, but it looked nice, albeit, a bit small. The bar was great. I was actually quite impressed with the wine list, and the bartenders were very attentive. Room service was a little on the weak side, but that's really my only complaint.So, the next time I'm in Arizona, and have a hankerin' for a cool, retro vibe, I will definitely book with the Hotel Valley Ho!
3	I liked The Ho, but I think I'm a wee bit older than their target demographic.  The dance party at the pool on Saturday was a little too Daytona Beach for my taste, but Sunday's more laid-back island vibe was more my speed.  If you can afford to rent a cabana, do.  It's nice to have a shaded place to return to when the sun gets too hot, and the Miami Vices (half strawberry daiquiri and half pina colada) go to your head.The food at all the restaurants was good, but not stellar.  And maybe I'm just used to Chicago portions, but I remember looking at the plate thinking, "Where's the rest?"The rooms themselves were quite nice, with a mid-century modern feel.  The linens were soft, and the Red Flower Icelandic Moonflower toiletries smelled lovely.  BTW, you'd better like the scent because it is everywhere in The Ho -- including hand wash in the bathrooms at the pool and the restaurants. I have two complaints about the beds at The Ho. The first is that they are too small for two people who aren't snuggling.  If you're sleeping in the same bed as a friend, you'll need to switch positions in tandem.  The second is that they're a bit too soft.  At first they feel delightful, but after sleeping on them a few nights you'll want more support.All in all, if you're 20something and single, this is a great place to stay.
4	Great hotel, and well deserving of just about all the praise it's received, both for the decor and the incredible value. Sadly, I can't give them five stars because they wouldn't let me check out at 1pm instead of noon. Never mind the fact that they never once cleaned my room before 4 pm.That's the kind of pettiness that puts a bad taste in your mouth after a perfectly good stay.
4	Love the mid-century modern,I know the staff isn't super flexible....however they are being very cooperative about my rehearsal  dinner. I guess I'll see how much I love it after this dinner, but my one and only stay there was perfectly acceptable.
5	I could live here and be totally happy.  The staff was over the top friendly.  My room was huge, amazing, comfortable and oh-so-cool.  The glassed in bathroom and the blue mood lighting was the best.  Don't forget to check out the spa.  Ummmmm....  Love their signature scent too.  Check their store out online and get some shipped to you.  Thanks to this hotel, I didn't mind staying in a place that got up to 106 by midday!
4	Valley HO! I dig. Picture this. A cooler version of the Brady Bunch decides to buy a hotel in Scottsdale. The kids get to decorate the rooms and design the pool. There are cabanas, retro furniture sprawls about, everyone is friendly (I mean for real, like JUMPING to get you stuff) and the beds are like little patches of poofy clouds. I stayed in a "Cabana King," which was just splendid. Outdoor seating right by the pool, a bathroom with a separate soaky tub and rain shower, and oh.my.GOD. Did I mention the bed? I NEVER sleep that well in hotels, but this was like a little lullaby. MMM, a good night's rest. PRICELESS. The retro vibe is hardly understated. In fact, it's just WAY over the top, but it works well. Every detail is taken into account, nothing is overlooked. Each font, color, piece of furniture, accessory, fixture, paint color, staff member: CHECK PLUS. SO, why the 4 stars? Room service is a bit ridiculous (add a 20 percent gratuity, AND the food was not so great. An omelette with burnt bacon and WAY too much soft cheese for a normal person to consume). I'd skip the restaurant. It tries hard, but falls short...The beds and the pool are where it's at, FO SHO...Valley HO! I'll stay again.
4	The Valley Ho is unique and a breath of fresh air compared to other snooty resorts in Scottsdale. Looking around you feel like you have stepped into the 50's but with all modern day amenities. The rooms are very bright and large. The bathroom is my favorite with a huge deep tub and sultry blue light. One star is missing as you can see above and that is because the spa. It is very small and gets crowded very easily. They don't have enough chairs for everyone in the lounge and no jacuzzi. I also don't think that mtv playing on a flat screen is very relaxing. The Valley Ho has a deep history and they have done an excellent job reviving it!  If you want to have a good time I would choose the Valley Ho!
4	I feel like I've just returned from Spring Break after my 2 night stay at the Hotel Valley Ho.  Not the swankiest of the hotels I've stayed at, but I like the vibe here: huge rooms filled with modern furniture, an inviting pool, and a fun bar (cafe zuzu). And while all that would have been enough to put a smile on my face there was more- the complimentary gym had all the equipment a guest could want, i loved the red flower soaps/lotions in the rooms, and the location seemed to be convenient as well.I wasn't such a fan of staying all the way in wing 5 because I felt like I was the only person in the building. May have been nice for a romantic getaway at the Ho, but when you're by yourself it's a bit creepy.  So there will be more spring breaks for me at the Ho...but next time I'll be sure to request a room in the main building.Spring Break in October- nothing wrong with that!
4	My wife and I stayed here one night and we loved it. We stayed in the 'King Cabana' room. The design of the rooms and bathroom were awesome. The flat panel TVs were a nice touch, the beds were comfortable. The bathroom had a nice shower and a separate big tub to take a nice bath in. It is in a great location close to downtown Scottsdale and the mall. It is worth a stay if you are coming from out of town or if you taking a 'stay-cation'.
5	Wow.  If I had to live in a hotel for a few weeks, I think Valley Ho would be my pick. I would love it if there were multiple Valley Ho-style hotels, but I guess that might dilute this place's unique charm. The awesome weather during my stay (sun! warmth!) didn't hurt, but I'm such a sucker for their design that I'd probably stay in a similarly designed hotel in Alaska.  Though, a tiki theme in Alaska would seem a little weird, I guess. The decor is based on mid-century modern style, since the 50s and 60s were the resort's heyday. With this in mind, the design of everything from the lobby chairs to the lighting is well thought-out -- balancing mid-century style with contemporary convenience (super large soaking tub, flat-screen TV, wifi). The decor is a little cartoony at times, but mostly the bright colors just come off as cheerful. A bit of a Technicolor touch is not necessarily a bad thing. There's a great tiki vibe, though sadly, I didn't get the chance to stop into Trader Vic's for a zombie (next time?).The rooms are extremely spacious, and the beds are a dream -- instant Zzzzs. I love the patios adjoining some of the rooms. It was great to do some work on the laptop while laying back on chaise lounge. I did get a little bit of a vitamin D fix before I had to head back to gray ol' Michigan.  Like Andrea R., I stayed in building 5, but there were enough people around that it didn't really feel at all spooky to me. The staff was extremely helpful and kind, and the little Cafe ZuZu was perfect for breakfast and a few meetings. I loved the option of sitting outside underneath a giant orange umbrella. I hope that at some point I get to repeat my great experience at Hotel Valley Ho and add in a little trip to tiki-haven Trader Vic's.
5	I booked my room here based on a recommendation from a Scottish man I met recently in gay bar in Atlanta. None of that is relevant but it was the best piece of advice I received in a long time. When I entered my room, I thought I was given the wrong room number. I walked into a very clean, large, king-sized suite with a full kitchen, a huge bathroom, a beautiful patio overlooking the pool, beautiful artwork and even a washer/dryer AND a very nice cheese plate on the marble topped counter in the kitchen area. There was a really nice note for a "Patty M." which is not me but I'm not going to complain that they got my name wrong (and I'm certainly not going to tell them that they put me in someone else's room). I was greeted warmly by the valet and the front desk attendant. The bath products are amazing and the best part is that the rates are really great for this area. Free Wi-Fi tops out my list. If you're here on business, stay at the Ho and hope they put you in the wrong room. I'm completely spoiled.
4	Great place.I've stayed here a few times and each time it was great. The lobby is impressive, the bar flows nicely into the diner/eating area. The rooms are large with great decoration, definitely trends on the modern side. They have created a vibe that is unique to this hotel and is carried out through the entire experience. The location is great, you can ride the trolley for free to most of the Scottsdale entertainment. Of course you can drive/taxi too.
4	Stayed here NYE 2007. Our room was large and I loved the bright colors and funky decor. But the big bathtub was the best part. I needed to soak for awhile after a long night of partying. The bed was really comfortable too, but I pretty much could have passed out anywhere at that point. The balcony was also large and overlooked the pool, and had some great lounge chairs, but I wish it was more private. A sail doesn't do much to give you some privacy from your neighbors.  Room service was also great the next morning when I needed some water, 7-up and toast to help my hangover.
5	My mom and I went here for a 4 day mini vacation and we had an absolute blast. If you enjoy laying by the pool, working out in an amazing gym, and eating good, well-priced food, THIS IS YOUR PLACE! The rooms were very roomy and included a nicely sized bathroom and patio. It had plenty of room for 2 or more people.  The pool has very comfortable chairs to lay in and the bar at the hotel is perfect for a few drinks and a light lunch. A glass of ice water was in our hands before we could lay down on our chairs and the glass was always full! We ate at the restaurant (that looks like a 50's diner) and really enjoyed ourselves! We used the gym a few times and loved it. It is such an easy place to workout in! The spa looked very nice but we ran out of time. We chose not to rent a car and found that everything we needed was in close walking distance. Fashion Square mall was about a 10 minute walk and Old Town was about 2 blocks away. It was all very wonderful and we will only be staying at the Valley Ho from here on out! I highly recommend it!
3	I treated a friend to a birthday weekend away since I'd had the winning bid on a 2-night stay at the Ho. I'd been wanting to stay here after I read about its opening and saw photos of the cool mid-century modern decor. The Valley Ho used to be a hotspot for the original Brat Pack, and the recent million-dollar renovation stayed true to the original spirit of that era--think loungey and swanky.The hotel is definitely a scene, and probably better for a 20-something crowd, since the atmosphere seems to encourage spring break behavior. We arrived on a scorching Friday afternoon and couldn't wait to head to the pool after dropping our bags at our room. My first thought as we entered the pool area was, "It's October, it's way too early for spring break!" Still, as soon as we found a few chaises and bellied up to the poolside bar, we got into the spirit. And it was definitely fun to people-watch. Next time, I would definitely reserve one of the cabanas for access to shaded private seating, a cool spray-mister, and a mini-bar.Our hotel room was as cool as I expected from the photos, with vibrant blue and green colors, mod furniture, and a little martini making station. The bathroom was the highlight, partitioned off from the main room through frosted glass walls. It had a very deep tub and cool lighting and some great bath products. The room also had a good-sized balcony patio with revolving partitions, so you could connect to your next-door neighbor's balcony and make friends.We didn't spend a lot of time in the room, but learned later on that the walls are pretty thin--and since it's a party hotel, we were treated to the very loud antics of the people next door. All the customer service we'd received to that point had been excellent, and continued to be when they dealt with our neighbors after a sleep-deprivation induced phone call from me around 2 a.m.We didn't partake in any spa treatments at the hotel, but the spa does have a sweet little boutique with great prices on yoga workout clothes. There were also Paul Frank designed bicycles parked in front of the spa--perfect to rent for exploring the neighborhood. And I would have been happy to eat all our meals in Cafe Zuzu, the hotel restaurant. We had breakfast there both days, and everything was delicious. If I lived in Scottsdale, I would go there regularly for breakfast.In all, it was a fun weekend getaway. The location is good, pretty close to the art district, and service was excellent. The valets, in particular, were very friendly and helpful, and always quick to give us complimentary chilled bottled water. I would stay here again, but probably opt for a room in the main building.
5	what a wonderful gem the valley ho is.  built in the 50's this landmark was a work in progress for several years till it finally reopened in december '05. they say the remodel was 18 months, but i could have sworn this place was downtrodden for years before the remodel. but anyways, the place is hot now.if the valley ho was in Phoenix i could see myself here often, but being in scottsdale and me being a proud cenpho spokesperson, i don't know how often i will be tempted by the awesome decor and styling of this retro redux boutique hotel. i took the time to walk around the grounds and check out the architecture and groundskeeping. everything was beautiful. i didn't want to just write a review on an awesome saturday at the pool and gloss over the appearance of the hotel as a whole..this place is spectacular. so the reason i was at the Valley Ho? well if was a friends birthday and she was throwing a big bash with her friend Luis. sort of a double birthday thing. a couple rooms had been acquired and two cabanas by the pool.  we stocked up one of the rooms with drinks and spent the whole day lounging by the pool. which was beautiful. people watching was fun, there was several scottsdale perverts with cameras on hand taking pictures of the younger women in bathing suits, and then there was the flock of women who had been "left" at the valley ho as their rich businessmen husbands were out traveling or doing business...the cabana next to us had a lovely group of women out from Orange County for their friends bachelorette party. very happy group of people to be next to. and made great neighbors for the daythe pool staff was somewhat attentive, but competent and made sure the cabanas were serviced and people were happy. the pool bar was affordable and busy without too long of a delay on getting drinks.the rooms of the hotel have a real modern retro feel from the large bathrooms with color changing frosted glass to the cabinetry and furniture. one of the rooms had a spectacular patio view of the pool and i was able to grab a picture of it lit up against the darkness of the night. i sat out on the patio for a good hour just enjoying the night sky and randomly viewable stars in the sky. great experience over all. definitely memorable and i doubt i will forget it any time soon.
3	Work had an event on the rooftop bar.  It was beautiful and the staff was wonderful.  The bartender was wonderful, the passed appetizers (according to the co-workers were wonderful, but I missed them).  So why 3 stars?  The actual food in the buffet, was not that great.  I would imagine they spent a pretty penny on this event.  But the spread was just really bland food.  The best part was the garlic bread.  The pasta was over-cooked, which I know happens when it sits in warming pans.  The mushroom burger was not good in any way.  The fruit on the fruit tray was bland too.  Unfortunate.  The hotel itself is swanky and cool and I have enjoyed hanging out at the hotel bar downstairs in the past.  The warm service and atmosphere saved this review.
5	If I moved away from Phoenix and came back to visit, I would definitely stay at The Ho. We stayed here on our wedding night and everything was fabulous. Some of our out-of-town guests also stayed here. We partied in the bar that night, had breakfast in the cafe the next morning, actually I had like five breakfasts that morning, trying to visit with all my guests before they left, every server I experienced was friendly and accommodating. I had the southwest eggs benedict and it was delicious.We stayed two nights, so I spent both days by the pool, and I AM nice and tan now, thank you for asking. The Ho is within walking distance from Old Town where there are plenty of restaurants to choose from. We were able to come back from dinner and score the jacuzzi all to ourselves.The grounds are beautifully decorated with flowers and contemporary couches and fountains about. The rooms are modern and funky and stocked with a nice brand of bathroom amenities. The only thing I had a problem with is the room we got faced outward and overlooked a dirt lot, felt like we were in a demilitarized zone when we sat on the balcony, but it did have a lovely lounge chair on it.Overall we had a fantastic stay, maybe we will be back for our anniversary!
5	My wife and I took a nice drive up to Scottsdale AZ to attend the Chihuly Glass Art Exhibit at the Scottsdale Botanical Gardens, WOW incredible a definite must see...Anyway on to the Hotel...We choose to stay at the Valley Ho after reading a wonderful review in Sunset Magazine.  Much to our surprise it exceeded our expectations.The hotel was a beautiful Retro style but totally modernized after a major remodel.  The staff was very helpful and very nice.  Our room was very clean and fabulous, the beds were very comfortable and the HD Plasma was nice too to watch the Masters on : ) . The Grounds were well manicured with beautiful flowers and seating areas all around to enjoy the fountains.We ate at the local restaurants, ZUZU and Trader Vic's.  ZUZU was great for breakfast, their spanish Omlette was incredible and the service was top notch.  Trader Vic's was a fun restaurant and I enjoyed the Chefs Special which was a wonderful Striped Marlin that was flown in fresh from Hawaii.Overall we had a Fabulous time at the HO and we will definitely be back to indulge once again.  I will definitely recommend this to Friends and Family.
4	The decor is not for everybody, I call it Jetson's meet Ian Schrager. Very convenient location for access to Scottsdale or Phoenix. I often walk to the local restaurants that I like (no DUI or photo ticket issues), Trader Vics is just next door if you are into that. Rooms are very roomy and clean. Spa and work out area are great. Very airy with adequate equipment. They run occasional specials for Spa treatments which I have taken advantage of making it very reasonable. Not crazy about the pool area but it is OK and haven't eaten at the hotel restaurant despite staying here several times. FWIW, I prefer the Valley Ho to the near by Kimpton which Yelpers seem to love (The Fire Sky).
3	I just stayed here for Memorial Day and...it had its ups and downs.  They were pretty much in direct relation to my the ups and downs of my BAC.To start, I live about 4 minutes away from the Ho. However, a girlfriend and I thought it would be fun to get a room Sunday on memorial day weekend, have some cocktails at the pool, do a little Trader Vics for dinner, and maybe wander around Scottsdale for a bit without having to worry about driving home. Pretty standard stay-cation plan right? However, we wanted to make sure the venue we booked at was either open to locals, or open to guests of hotel guests, so we could have a couple visitors. Which is why I called hotel valley ho TWICE to make sure this wouldn't be an issue. The first time i talked to a concierge.Me: Hi I'm wondering about next weekend. If i were to book a room for Sunday, would I be able to have local guests visit me at the pool even if they're not hotel guests?Her: Yes, Sundays we are open to locals.Me: You realize i'm talking about Memorial Day weekend right?Her: Yes, every Sunday locals are okay to come to the pool.  I then had the same conversation with someone in reservations when I booked, and he said the same exact thing.  This was on Wednesday. Sunday we go to check in and realize that, oh you definitely do have to be a registered guest to go to the (very small) pool. I tell the girl i had two conversations with people while booking the room who told me otherwise and that i wouldn't have booked the room had i known that they were doing that, considering there are plenty of local-friendly hotels in the area.  She says "well, when did you talk to them?  We just decided we were having a DJ yesterday so that's when we decided to do it like this." Clearly, i talked to them before yesterday, and apparently i was SOL so i just paid the extra $25 to put the one person who was going to visit us on the room, so they could get a wristband and have access to the wonderful pool with the "DJ". Apparently playing Top 40 radio hits one after another while giving birthday shout-outs in between songs is now "DJing". Our room wasn't guaranteed until 4:00 but they told us to go to the pool and they would call my cell phone when it was ready.  4:05 finally rolls around and we go to the front desk. I give the girl my name and she gets extremely confused.  This is after we overheard her telling the other front desk girl "we don't have enough rooms for everyone." She finally goes to the desk behind her a pulls out my little folder, with room keys and everything.  Who knows how long it had been sitting there, but apparently the courtesy call wasn't ever happening. Honestly the staff was just full of morons.  Nobody had any personality whatsoever besides the pool bar bartenders. I'm sure their hotel was full of locals that weekend, and they did not seem to care if anyone knew how badly they didn't give a crap if you were there or not.  As a local, I like to stay at the resorts every so often and have never seen anything like this. I've gotten better service at the Mondrian.Other than the crappy staff and the pool misunderstanding, everything else was pretty nice. The rooms are nice, decently sized, with nice bathrooms and patios. The Southwestern Eggs Benedict at Cafe ZuZu was awesome, though, again, our waitress sucked.  And Trader Vics was incredible as always, though i was slightly disappointed when i realized it was off-set from the property.  The only other Trader Vic's I've been to WAS the pool bar at the Beverly Hilton, so i was expecting the same from the Ho. However, it's definitely my new favorite Happy Hour, but that's an entirely different review.
4	I just want to update to say that since my review was posted i was contacted by someone at the Valley Ho who apologized for the misunderstanding and internal miscommunication about the pool guest policy and refunded my credit card the $25 extra guest charge, which posted to my card today.I was incredibly surprised and impressed at this above and beyond showing of good faith on their behalf that I added a star to the review and will definitely consider going back.  Just wanted to make sure that was noted.
4	Sherman, set the Wayback machine for 1961, we are going to the Hotel Valley Ho, in a little patch of desert called "Scottsdale, Arizona".It was my birthday this week and my kids were in town to make sure that I continue to get older:)I did get older, but not by much...and certainly no wiser:)We stayed at the Valley Ho, so I could celebrate in style (and keep the condo neat and tidy:)It wasn't so much a "staycation", as it was a chance to live a little differently for few days. You don't turn 40 for the first time very often and this seemed like a memorable way to mark the date:)When we checked in at the Valley Ho, the Chairman (Frank Sinatra) was styling his way through "Luck be a Lady" and we thought we had stepped back to a simpler time...a time in which celebrity was worshiped and fawned over, just because they are famous...a time when you could lounge by the pool and day-drink your cares away...a time when just getting yourself to the bar was enough work for one day:)In short, we stepped squarely into 2009:)The Valley Ho delivers on the promise of nostalgia for an unremembered past...a mid-century revival of the avocado green, pastel turquoise and rust orange memories that almost none of us share, but that we all long for.The Valley Ho takes you to the Disney version of 1961 and damn it, I liked it...a lot!I found myself thoroughly enjoying the suite (the room and the hotel look like the '60's, but with HDTV, iPod plugs, decent tubs, good cell phone reception, double headed showers and really comfortable beds:)I found myself wishing for the return of fins on my car and car hops on roller skates, along with $.25 a gallon gas and $.25 a gallon Tequila (almost interchangeable for both drinking and fueling purposes:)Room service, spa, workout facility, restaurant and the pool are all first rate, and the people watching is wonderful...this place has become a destination again!The pool is a terrific place to give people watching a real workout:) The Oh Bar pours a nice drink and they keep 'em comin!Lots of eye candy for the guys and girls to ogle and everybody mixing and mingling like there is no tomorrow...and maybe that's true!Maybe there is no tomorrow at the Valley Ho...When you step through the time warp back to 1961, but get to bring your 2009 stuff with you...the price you pay is getting stuck in the vortex of "now"...but at the Valley Ho, "now" seems to work:)
5	I had a GREAT experience at the Hotel Valley Ho for one night.  The food was good, the atmosphere was fun and the room was very tranquil.  I am hoping to get a chance to go back soon.
5	This has become my favorite "Staycation" resort.  It's so cute, comfy, and beautifully designed.   I LOVE the botanical amenities.   It's close to everything and has a great vibe.  My out-of-town friends love it as well.  Stay in the tower if you can.
4	I'm having my wedding here so I thought it would be a good idea to check the place out beforehand by staying at the hotel. We had some friends in from out-of-town for July 4th so we stayed that night. We requested an early check-in for noon and went to the pool party which was so packed! There was a DJ playing music for most of the day and it was actually a good time. The food from Cafe ZuZu was so good! Defnitely a good place to stay if you can get a deal on the room!!
4	My daughter in law picked this place via yelp reviews and gotta say Loved the rooms and the service. Only two issues. I stayed near poolside and the band was loud and not so good. Lot of20+ party people in the pool being 20+ which kept us fromtaking the kids into the pool. Much quieter and low key afterdark.
4	Price to performance is pretty stellar. For $110/night I enjoyed a large room with a luxurious bathroom, balcony, and cool retro furnishings. Service was decent, but the W Scottsdale is better on this front. Breakfast at their restaurant was basic but worked. Stylings from the lobby to the furniture in your room is really well done, the hotel has a great boutique-y vibe but without the pretentiousness. The location is good, only minutes from downtown Scottsdale. One snafu while I was there... I sent out some dry cleaning that was supposed to be back by 5:30pm, didn't happen. It was a stressful half hour before they found my stuff (all cleaned, phew!).
5	Like the 80s group ABC sang "It's so hip, so hip it hurts"... But hurt in a good way (you know, like nice, naughty spanking) and not bad hurts like the sound of Lindsay Lohan's voice. Are we clear? I was an Urban Studies/Architecture major in college and I love this whole 50s style meets mid modern meets Scottsdale. From the lobby to the grounds to the pool to our charming, color splashed, glass brick adorned room, this was a major score in the Staycation category. I was initially intimidated by the pool crowd as I noticed NOBODY was actually IN the pool. Just posing around the pool. Were they looking at my pasty white Scandinavian skin? My extremely, freakishly small nipples? Or the Hello Kitty towel I brought from home? Hmmm..fBack to the room....the glass brick divided the room from the shower...and what a fabulous shower. Nice, big, pulsating head. Honestly, I'm not trying to go all pg13 on ya! Bed and bedding were cozy and spotless. A great place to crash after Rickie's headlining collection at Phoenix Fashion Week. The room was at one point spacious enough to accommodate Mr. Gonzales, the stylist, the assistant and anywhere from three to eight models. I was comfy on our fabulous bed with a glass of wine watching it all unravel in front me. Who needs TV? It was very entertaining. And when I needed to escape we had our own private patio. Wait? Wasn't that a B52s song? So Valley Ho...you are hip. But you're also great deal. A great venue. And yes, maybe even, OK, I"m getting a little vaklempt, a great friend....
5	Going to the Valley Ho is like stepping into the coolest time warp imaginable.  Their attention to detail, the service and the sweet lounge music made this by far, the coolest hotel I have ever stayed in.  The room we had over looked the pool, was clean, well-sized and everything in it was super comfy. We happened to stay at a time where there were lots of business meetings going on, but that didn't seem to stop anybody from having a good time.  We missed out on Happy Hour, but everyone kept telling us how much fun it was and what great deals they had on drinks.  We did grab breakfast one morning at the hotel and it was fantastic.  Fresh-squeezed orange juice and stuffed french toast is never a bad way to start your day.We tried taking pictures but they didn't do the hotel justice.  We just ended up getting the postcards.  :)
4	I stayed here for work and it was fab.  I arrived early in the day, and since the rest of my party was coming in on another flight that got delayed, I was kind of early and kind of bored.Not only did the hotel allow me to check in early, but the desk staff was polite and friendly.  I like when people open doors for me.My room was at the other end of the complex, and once I got to my room the keys didn't work.  After lugging my bags (purse + suitcase + laptop bag), this was not ideal.  They were apologetic and gave me another key, which was nice.I had a few hours to kill, so naturally I got in bed with my laptop (not like that) and got some work done.  I was really impressed with how soft the beds were.  Usually nothing beats my stupidly expensive mattress at home, but this one rivaled my own.The hotel has a very retro/modern appeal, and the rooms are beautiful.  I had a small deck with a lounge chair outside, and if it weren't so hot for my Minneapolis skin, it would have been lovely.  I lasted about 2 minutes out there.Room service is a little pricey.  On business trips you have to pay for your lunch only, and a Caesar salad with diet Coke cost $20.  Blah.  Otherwise I was happy.  The room was neat and quiet, and, as I said, service was great too.I don't think I'll end up in Scottsdale ever again (but never say never!), but I'd consider staying here on my own if that serendipitous event occurred.
4	3.5 star if you don't include the restaurant ZuZu (if you do it's a 2.5). I don't typically stay at 250$ a night hotels so I am not weighing my rating based on the fact that I thought it wasn't worth 250$ a night (maybe similar priced hotels are equal to this one). I stayed here for business for 2 nights. What I liked: Nice beds, nice pillows, LCD TV, large bath, stand up shower with tall shower head (I'm 6'1" so I am used to bending over to wash my hair), the setup was nice and everything was clean. The gym looked amazing (too bad I packed light and didn't bring my work out gear :( )What I didn't like: No cover sheets (only one for the mattress) so you only had a down comforter and I woke up sweaty a couple times. I ended up taking off the down comforter cover and using that. The room service took about 30-45 minutes for a burger (is that normal? Seemed long especially since the burger wasn't too impressive). The internet is HORRIBLY slow (50KBs max, just remembered that and almost wanted to knock down a star for it :P), but free. I kinda wished I could have payed for faster service. I didn't factor in the restaurant but it is total junk. The food tasted like Denny's but 2x the cost. First night it took forever for our food to come. My burger from room service (same kitchen staff) was bland. The room service menu had entrees that the restaurant didn't (The server explained because they change their menu's at different rates). You could order from either at the restaurant but it made it confusing in the restaurant since the room service seemed to have a bigger menu. The last day we opted for Jack in the Box breakfast over their breakfast, and I'm not particularly fond of Jack in the Box. Wouldn't mind staying there again for work but I wouldn't chose it personally (maybe at 100-150$ a night)
4	I am getting is all out of my system before I continue with my review 1. Ho-J (their version of Orange Juice)2. H2O (HO water) 3. You can lay your head down on the Valley Ho4. Shirts/sweatshirts with VALLEY HO in large letters and hotel in smaller letters5. Valley Ho... is there a Desert Ho? a Suburbia Ho? 6. Why didn't they name their chapstick Ho-stick? 7. Tally Ho to the Valley Ho I HEART 50s/ anything that is super themed to the max. I am one for if you are going to dedicate to a theme you totally dedicate your establishment 150%... Valley Ho goes for the full 200%. I got a chance to come in here as friends were staying and it is friggin awesome. I LOVE THE TUBS and the FAUCETS...call me weird... it is like stepping into a CB2 (Crate and Barrel's retro line) catalog. The decor in the bar/ ZuZu is all 50s like circles, sofas and it is funky and fun. Large patio spaces if you are on a bottom floor, cool set ups, comfy beds, large flatscreens, decent gym and spa. Bar has extensive beer, wine and hard alcohol/infusion drinks... cigar menu is a plus. Pleasantly surprised! If you don't stay here a very cool place to grab some food and bask in its awesomeness.
5	My Sister from Another Mister, Vicky T. already did justice to the myriad of ways we can play with this name so I won't add to it.  My friends from the SBC were here over the weekend and some of them stayed here so we got to hang out for a bit. This review is not based on price or the service from the hotel but rather the decor and ambience.   I LOVE the decor here!!  It FEELS like the 1950s/1960s.  I swear I have a picture of my parents in a place just like this.  I pulled into the parking lot but it was not clear where to park so I asked the valet.  He said I would park around the back for $5.  I parked on the street since there was tons of space there. There is a beautiful lawn area in front of the hotel and, upon walking into the lobby, the theme is apparent.  My friends and I hung out in the bar for a bit and had a nice cool drink.  The bartender and waitress were friendly and helpful.   Later we went to check out the spa, which was nice, and the women on dutry there were very helpful.  They asked us if we wanted tea and then put some in a to go cup for one of our friends.  The gift/spa shop had some nice souveniers, pricey like most any hotel, but nice none the less. Next was the room my friends stayed is....wow...very nice, spacious, flat screen TV and a nice big bathtub and shower.  The only think I'm not sure I really like was that the tub/shower/sink area was not enclosed with a door.  It had a curtain that went around it to separate it from the bedroom.  All I could think of was getting water all over the floor.  But I digress.....   This room was a garden view and it was really lovely.  The grounds are well kept and seemed very peaceful.  I would like to go back and try Cafe ZuZu since we had seen Chef Sean Curridearlier at the Farm Sessions.  I thought his dishes were really great. The round pool was very clean and inviting and there were plenty of tables, chairs, and chaises to lounge on.  There is an outdoor bar as well as a kiosk for towels.  The location is another great feature of this hotel.  It is a short walk to Scottsdale's Old Town.  Would I stay here....yes for sure.  And I think Frank and Dean might have stayed here too.  Nicely done Valley Ho.
4	Don't forget, even if you are not staying at the hotel you are welcome to get a pass and use the pool.. Ahh a nice place to catch some rays in the heated pool and a fun place to people watch.
4	Yes, the Valley Ho is as retro cool as ever. And a good thing, too, since I had to convince my boyfriend to stay here.He, like Donald S., loved how we felt we'd stepped out of the WABAC Machine into the 1960s--only I'm not sure if he thought he was Sherman or Mr. Peabody.Service was smooth from the moment the valets opened our doors, at registration, and as we were shown to our room in one of the outer buildings. The studio guest room was crazy cool, with a Philippe Starck bathtub in the center and a martini-making station prepped for cocktail hour. I especially enjoyed the private patio that overlooked a peaceful greenspace surrounded by orange trees and tropical plants, and I spent a lot of time lounging on the double chaise.For a holiday weekend, the property was surprisingly quiet, so my boyfriend and I spent a lot of time soaking in the atmosphere and relaxing in our room. When our friends visited, we explored the rest of the property, including the spa, gym, and, of most importance to him, the lounge. There are several seating areas, including by the fireplace off the lobby; the small, sunny courtyard near the entrance; and the lounge proper, with the bar. All are great places to hang out with friends and have a drink while listening to Frank crooning in the background.Overall we loved our stay and rolled with a few minor issues. There were some lackadaisical gaffes made by housekeeping, but we also loved how quick the front desk was in removing an overcharge for valet service without question. But, having stayed here when there were more guests, I know this place can get a little rowdy, even though it wasn't our experience this time. However, on the Saturday night we were there, we were kept up by the live music carrying over from Trader Vic's just across the parking lot. If you are sensitive to noise at all, you should probably ask for an upper-floor room (rooms are not carpeted) and think about staying in the main building.Too soon, after a wonderful Sunday brunch outdoors at the hotel's Cafe ZuZu, it was time to go. "Sherman--umm, Kevin--let us tally-ho from the Valley Ho. Next stop: North Scottsdale."
5	I had a fabulous stay here. I tried to book the Firesky but it was sold out, so a co-worker suggested the Valley Ho. I had no idea it was a palace of retro funkiness. Nish said it was a Shag painting come to life, and I couldn't agree more. I had a moonlight swim, a waffle at the breakfast bar, and an all-around swank time. It was swell!
5	I remember once upon a time when this place was the "Ramada Valley Ho." My high school would hold it's "Sweetheart Prom (Valentine's Day dance)" here every year because the club that organized that dance didn't have any money and this was the cheapest place around. They were pretty desperate for business. I can't remember when the Valley Ho reopened (I wanna say though that my senior year Sweetheart Prom in '99 was pretty close to when the original incarnation of this place shut down), but it's now a swanky hotel, with a certain "cool" factor to it. Since it's reopened I don't know if I've really had a full Valley Ho experience, but I've experienced several facets of the place, and I've thoroughly enjoyed everything! I stayed there for a night while living in Scottsdale and loved the rooms & service. I've spent time at the pool, which is great for people watching! I went as a plus one to a friend of mine's company party here, which was great (cocktails on the rooftop is awesome!). When I was visiting Scottsdale recently I came here for a little bit to sit out by the patio near the pool and enjoyed a cocktail. The property is gorgeous & everyone who works here from the bottom, up (not that I know any of the "ups") seems nice and committed to great customer service. Oh...when we used to hold dances here, we had to call it the "Ramada Valley INN," because my school thought HO sounded inappropriate :)
4	If you're a local, check out their spa's slow day specials (most often a Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday). It's a nice little spa in a great location and the staff was pretty good too!. It doesn't hurt that Trader Vic's is so close by and has tropical happy hour specials for afterwards :)!. Great Staycation location! Here's a sample of the newsletter spa specials: http://www.returnity.biz/images/email/VHO/wVHO_020210.html
2	"Hey Giambi, I've got money on you this year!"What kind of place kicks out 10 grown men from dinner that they've already ordered for being too obnoxious?  I mean we're hotel guests for Christ's sake.  Isn't it normal for a group of people to each have well over 10 drinks before the sun sets and then want to go have a classy dinner at a nice hotel?  Well apparently it's not ok to be piss drunk, cat call at women and stand up and yell stuff at the Oakland A's as they exited their team dinner, at least not at the Valley Ho.In all seriousness we're lucky they didn't kick us out of the entire hotel.  I'll give Valley Ho 2 stars for that and nothing more.  Majorly overpriced for Scottsdale, the rooms seem futuristic in a cheap way and nothing stood out to me as cool.  The pool area is nice but what pool isn't nice in mid-March when you're coming from 50 degree weather?  It's obvious this place used to be a Best Western or some other cheap chain, you can dress a place up but the layout screams 2 star resort.  The best part of the stay was seeing the look on the hostess' face when we all showed up at the restaurant for breakfast after being kicked out the night before.  Get those bloody mary's ready bitch.  If they cut your group off of drinking while dining at the Valley Ho I'd suggest not bypassing the waitress and ordering straight from the bar, it'll get you 86'd faster than trying to dry hump your date in an 8th grade dance.
2	My experience (while physically there)  staying at the Valley Ho was great.  Friendly staff and an overall great customer experience. However, we have been dealing with extra charges on our credit cards and I have heard from many others that they have dealt with similar circumstances of being charged for things they didn't get during previous stays.i will not stay again for the sole reason that the post experiences me and my friends are having to deal with is draining me mentally and draining my pocket bock.
5	I can't imagine traveling back to Scottsdale and NOT staying at this Hotel. It is stylish, comfortable, immaculately clean and FUN.  I booked this hotel on a 'blind' recommendation and my expectations were more than met.  If you have the option to splurge and you love the pool scene, get a Cabana King right on the first floor with a pool view.  We got great sun all day whether we sat on our private patio or hit the pool, so it was great for a sun-deprived Chicagoan.  Even thought I don't tend to even like hanging out a a pool (not a fan of Vegas), I found this place relaxing, but lively enough to provide good people watching.  If we go back for Spring Training next year, we might try for one of the tower suites to get a different view but would be happy with many room choices.
4	"it's just so cool" is all i kept saying. my girlfriend and I (yes lesbians) went here for a great mini vaca for my birthday weekend. we arrived friday night to a FULL Zuzu bar, which was entertaining. the crowd seemed to be having a great time.i told my gf that all i wanted, was a  hotel with a steam room...this hotel has that and more. and i will add, this was the best steam room i have ever been in. the steam was so foggy i couldn't see across the little room.i clean houses for a living. these were/are the cleanest rooms i have ever seen. EVER. the shower doors are glass, and i couldn't find ONE water spot. the beds are fabulous, and you can even purchase the pillows. we were in bldg 6, first floor with a walk out patio. i enjoyed the 2 seating options; table with two chairs and a chase lounger thing.we had decided prior to arriving that we were going to be pool side most of saturday afternoon. most other reviews talk about how great the people watching is...saturday poolside at the valley ho is the best people watching i think i have ever had. purely delicious bodies. beautiful people. all shapes and sizes. the dj kept many people dancing...and the waitstaff kept everyone hydrated. even down to the water glasses. it was just a great mix of visual stimulation.drinks at the pool are mixed well, and worth the $10. beers were moderately priced...and everything could be charged to the room. bonus.the room service, as many reviews also say...was a bit pricey. that's why we walked down to the daily dose saturday am. breakfast, lunch dinner all day!the spa products that are in the spa bath area are amazing. the scent was delicious, and the face soap rocked. parking...there is valet for $14 a night. boo. a small limited self parking lot is available.
4	Outside of the name which a friend mentioned was appropo (shut it!) this place totally rocks! Decked out in '50's Andrew Lloyd Wright-esque decor, the staff is very customer service focused. The comfy bed, sweet smelling amenities, awesome pool area and price make this place a must-stay next time I'm in Scottsdale!
5	hotel valley HO!!has a 'sands casino' vegas resort- circa mid 60's feel. like u'd see the rat pack sippin martinis in the lounge. vintage/modern flavor so its very hip.. maybe even 'groovy'.suite is amazing. the fullest decked out kitchen ive seen in manya suites. furniture vintage/modern too.. keeping up with the rest of the resorts ambiance. super clean. fridge and wet bar are stacked! not just dinky airplane bottles.. full bottle of goose, champagne and wines.hotel staff amazing. room service lightning fast and menu items are very appetizing. definately get the mac-n-cheese with ham added. and the turkey club with extra thick cured bacon.. trader vic's restaurant is part of the hotel if you wanna get fancy with it. go with the braised duck or filet oscar.the only complaint would be the 110 degree weather this past weekend but im not gonna dock a star for weather they cant control lol. directly across the street and walking distance from old town scottesdale, which is the 'it' place to be for nightlife. and the nightlife is pretty awesome. check out stingrays and esp geisha to get the night started right. highly recommend staying here.
4	Happy 4th of July! The girls and I got a room at the Valley Ho this weekend to celebrate our nations birthday. We had more fun then we anticipated. :-) First the room was very nice! Perfectly located on the second floor over looking the pool area with a nice patio and clean. We quickly unpacked, had a cocktail and headed to the pool. With hotel pools high on everyone's to-do list every summer I like the Ho 'cuz they don't let the "riffraff" in; you have to be a guest of the hotel to frequent the pool on "party session" days. The pool isn't huge so this helps to keep the environment fun and not cramped. The pool bar also had some great specials on drinks; $15 buckets of beer (4 Peaks and PBR), $6 fruity cocktails and some appetizer specials. Once back to the room it was time to get ready for the night festivities... with four girls you know that more shampoo, towels and robes were a must. Georgeann G. to the rescue, she quickly phones the from desk and in less than 5 minutes there was a knock on the door. So fast! Over all we all had a great time. Affordable prices, great location, clean, friendly staff, and great location to start the night party. You can walk to Trader Vic's, Mable's on Main and the Coach House.
3	After we'd been invited to a wedding in Tempe, I was thrilled to finally have a reason to stay at the Valley Ho.  The hotel was "renewed" five years ago and the renovation/restoration is very well done.  So much of the original hotel features were intact, including the decorative precast concrete throughout the hotel and the cool staircase handrails.  We stayed in a King Suite off of the pool (thank goodness because the weekend pool crowd was the only negative of our stay).  The room was great--the bathtub and toiletries by Red Flower being our favorite things.  The hotel staff was polite and attentive.  Other than the weekend rockstar/pornstar wannabe's who took over the pool, the stay was absolutely pleasant.
4	This is another hotel that makes my list of picks for pool parties. That is, if you're looking for a full afternoon of day drinking, liquor promotions, an overload of stilettos and Ed Hardy, a DJ or live music and for your viewing entertainment...watching the party goers stumble home after. Sound like your cup of tea? Then now you know where to go if you're bored on a weekend and in the mood to socially get your tan-on. Just this past weekend, we celebrated my friend's final days as a single woman. With a bachelorette party of 12, the Valley Ho was the perfect destination. We had multiple rooms and spent the weekend at the pool, Trader Vics and got a couple hours of shut-eye in the rooms themselves. The rooms were pretty cool. They were a mix of 60s meets the 80s all tye-tied into one hell of a retro modern day room. Fully equipped with a large bathroom and a huge flat screen TV, it's a good spot to rest your weary (or wasted) eyes after a long night of partying in Old Town. But, beware, the beds are itty bitty. They claim to be a full. Yeah, maybe in the 1960's, but not in present day! But, here's a cool little extra special treat. If you have adjoining rooms or just want to make friends with the next door neighbors, the adjoining outdoor wall can be turned and the already ginormous patios can be combined into one large and in charge patio. I'll let you decide what you do with a spacious patio like that. ;) So in summary, this is an awesome hotel for a weekend getaway if you're looking for a never-ending party that starts with mimosas and doesn't stop 'till you're forced to go home. Parental note: If you have small children and you're looking for a pool to play in, you might want to think twice about visiting this Valley hot spot, or call ahead and ask for their upcoming weekend social schedule. The pool can pretty much turn into a "tame" spring break on the weekends.
5	Best hotel...always a great time!  Thanks Rob & Pete.
4	I drive my ass all the way from So Cal to partake in my buddies bachelor party with the HQ at the Valley Ho in Scottsdale. Pleasantly surprised with the decor, this place looks like what used to be a run down 60's motel / hotel that was rejuvenated by the folks who design the W hotels.I will keep this short & sweet. The room that I crashed in was pretty awesome, huge wrap around deck. The pool was fun though the hotel has a immense emphahsis on security, almost to a fault. I get the feeling that something happened there because they check your room number so many times.All in all it was a great time, we played hard out there and had a good environment to do it in.
5	This is the best hotel I've ever stayed at. Ever. And I've stayed at plenty of nice and random hotels. The rooms are beautiful, the bathrooms are unreal/nice, the lighting in the rooms is pretty, the decor is incredible, the pool is perfect, the restaurants have great happy hour, the parking is free if you find street parking, and it's a quiet place because not that many people have discovered this gem! So let's keep it our little secret. Please?
5	I've always loved the Ho. It's the epitome of hip. Their rooms are scattered around a rather large sized parcel and are all extremely comfortable and designed in very urban chic furniture. The bathrooms are super cool with blue mood lighting and sliding frosted glass doors. They have a restaurant in the lobby which I've never tried, but it looks like pretty standard American fare. The beds are very comfortable, and they feature all new LCD tvs with iPod plug ins.
4	This is a really fun hotel that has been designed well and offers plenty of amenities with a friendly staff. The valet was very helpful and easy to deal with upon arrival and checkout. Our bell hop was great: very knowledgeable about the hotel history and layout, and more then willing to help get us completely situated into our room. The design is a throwback, contemporary retro theme that makes you feel like you are kind of in another time or on an island resort. It's fun, and hip, and a little quirky, but it makes you feel equally ready to party or lay around on the numerous loungers at the pool, in your room, or on a balcony. We stayed in the studio king and it was perfect for a couple. It had a ton of space but the privacy is minimal in the room so a group of friends may do better in a suite. The layout and all of the amenities and counter space was incredible, and the stand alone bath tub in the center was a nice touch. I would give the Valley Ho five stars if not for a few small complaints. One, the AC didn't cool the room efficiently enough, two, there wasn't a separate stereo with mp3 hookup (just the TV), and three, the fridge was TINY! Even if I took out the beverages from the mini bar there still wasn't much room and it wasn't very cold. I had to chill the champagne on ice. These caveats are small however, and overall I would recommend this hotel very highly for a comfortable, stylish, and fun stay in a perfect location to enjoy downtown Scottsdale.
4	I really enjoyed my stay here. The entire property is very hip and comfy. The rooms are large with cool decor. The restaurant, Cafe ZuZu, serves great food and drinks. The pool is fabu. And the spa is a the perfect spot to be pampered (even for us guys). The location is also a plus; close to downtown and the arts district. I recommend this hotel and look forward to my next stay.*The Hotel Valley Ho is a gay-friendly TAG Approved property.
5	I got married here a few years ago and I still hear about how great it was. I agree! Five star service all the way. We were married on the roof and had champagne and hors d' oeuvres there, then the reception downstairs, in a ballroom that had break-away doors, open to the spacious patio. Outside they had a bar and comfy couches for people to lounge and talk. Inside they arranged food stations instead of a buffet or a sit down dinner. This way there were no lines and people could custom order. There was a carving station with prime rib, a seafood station with tiger shrimp and scallops, then a pasta and salad bar station as well. The best wedding food I have ever had! The wedding coordinator Melanie was so great to work with, it was the least stressful thing I booked. If I could afford it I think I would book this place again, just to have another great party that I could have time to actually enjoy!
4	Boutique hotel with lots of positives.I've been there several times over the last couple of months. I'm not a glutton for punishment but had business in Phoenix.Honestly off season is a great time to check out the consistency of  service at resorts and restaurants.The Valley Ho will not dissapoint.  Service is top notch.  The bedding and in room decor are kitchy without being cheesey. I especially like the Red Flower products and the bedding is verrry comfortable.No spa or restaurant visit at the hotel for me but the fitness center is nice and the lobby is inviting for just hanging out.How about complimentary wifi?  Ah, one day all hotels will have complimentary wifi.  Until then, no fifth star for you Valley Ho.But you're close.
4	Today, I finally experienced a true event at the Hotel Valley Ho and it was so excellent it deserves a Yelp update.The Valley Ho hosted the Cupcake Love-In this weekend. When I first heard that it was going to be held indoors, I wondered if it would turn out nicely. Most hotel ballrooms are stuffy and bland. But, I walked into the Valley Ho's event center and it was the opposite! Situated off the beaten path of the hotel, you enter through an open and airy courtyard and the room is bright, light and has plenty of doors that open to the patio. The Valley Ho event's staff was attentive and efficient. Overall, it was a great event and very organized. I will absolutely consider the Valley Ho for event's in the future.
5	In 1985, Dr. Emmett Brown invented time travel, and then in 2005, MSR Properties, with a little inspiration from Dr. Brown's time traveling ways, invented a Time Machine in the form of Hotel Valley Ho."1.21 gigawatts!"So, if you're going to build a time machine with style, why not build it into a hotel? It's a genius idea. And if you still don't believe me when I say that this hotel is a time machine, just take one step inside in lobby. You'll immediately feel the clock reversing back to the 50s. It's a valley vintage twist on Back to the Future. A clever combination of 50s style with a new age flair. The 50s decade is my favorite. I totally want to go back and live during that time. But I'd also like to throw in some updated elements, and Hotel Valley Ho does it all. What an excellent time machine!When I'm at the Valley Ho, my concept of time goes out the window. That's how relaxed I am. The rooms are exceptionally comfortable and spacious. Things are simple yet exciting. Time moves slower here.Matt and I always reserve a basic room - with soft teal, grass green, vibrant orange and snazzy reddish 50s decor and a heavenly cozy yet exceptionally large king bed covered in fun accent pillows. The bathroom contains a large shower and tons of counter space, as two people can get ready together side by side. Plenty of mirrors, spotless clean amenities and it's spacious, too! I've even enjoyed sitting out on the room's balcony while downing a bottle or two of champagne, especially when it's nice outside. For the price, it's a steal. Plus, make sure to check their Web site as there's always a special going on. You can even find an updated Scottsdale version of the 1950s pin up girls here, just visit the pool scene and you'll see what I mean. The pool is hopping, well, during the spring/summer months at least. On the weekends they have a DJ, so it gets a little rowdy. They post the OH Pool Bar & Cabana rental info on their Web site too. We've also rented a cabana twice, and it's 100% worth it. I stand firm in my belief that it's the best cabana deal around. The drink specials at the pool are fantastic, and the service is superior. With every cabana rental you get your choice of 3 free awesome amenities, like a fruit, veggie or hummus platter, deck of playing cards, Fiji waters... it's a nice bonus. With the refreshing misters, the luxurious lounge chairs, shaded sanctuary and prime pool access, the cabanas are a must do. In the future, all hotels will have 5-star worthy customer service... that is if Valley Ho's staff is any indication. In today's world, most hotels have really lost that personalized touch, and they make you feel like one of many. Not Hotel Valley Ho, I always feel important here. From the front desk, to the bartenders, to the room service, it's all top notch. I've been here on multiple staycations have never had a bad experience. I imagine that the two Hollywood darlings of the fifties, Audrey and Marilyn, would love a place like the Valley Ho. Especially since it encompasses the style and swank of a glamorous 50s hot spot. This hotel romanticizes the 50s by striking a balance between a sophisticated yet youthful atmosphere. Celebrities of the past and present have graced this hotel with their presence, and I expect this trend to continue into the future. It's a special place, and unlike any other hotel I've been to.Anyone considering a trip to the Valley of the Sun must check out this hotel. If not only for the sole fact that it also doubles as a time machine! "1.21 gigawatts!"
4	I was only here for Cupcake Love In but the hotel looked beautiful. The space was a little cramped and the bar had this "great" deal for $5 of a build your own Bloody Mary bar. It was cool but if you don't have a lot of experience making Bloody Mary's and are probably hung over and just want to drink ie: Me, I would just have them make it. (It costs the same)
4	Although I was nervous about staying at a "theme" hotel- this property does retro RIGHT! They have a great property that offers a nice pool, great bar, and unexpectedly expansive day spa! The rooms are large and well appointed with flat screens, large soaking tubs, separate shower, balconies, and ample desk space. The smaller details (robes, toiletries, and well-stocked mini bar) do not go unnoticed. The service was excellent and the food was good too! It's be nice if there was faster/better FREE wifi, but that's my only complaint. I hope to be back on a personal vaca soon!
4	Have you ever seen people on the rooftop of the Valley Ho? Wonder what it's like up there? Last night, I finally got to experience life up high and it's everything I imagined and more. The rooftop patio at the Valley Ho is everything you would think it is and more. The 360 degree views of the Valley at night are spectacular and there's enough room to have a good size party. It's now on my list to have my own party there one day.
4	Every time I'm back at Hotel Valley Ho, I'm reminded of how much I enjoy staying there!It's retro, it's chic, it's city, it's everything I want in a home away from home. The rooms are large, the desk space is plentiful, the bathroom with separate shower, toilet and bathtub areas is laid out nicely, the paint is vibrant and inspiring, and this last time around I stayed in a primo room just off the pool with a large patio. I'm not really crazy about the soaps and shampoos, but you can't have everything, right?
5	Stayed here with my sister the night before she got married - and what a perfect place it was! Not only did they accommodate a super late check-in, they sent up chocolate covered strawberries when they heard my sis was getting married.  We stayed in an enormous suite (for about $400/night) complete with wrap around patio that was perfect for the bridal party to get ready in - all 10 of us! Pricey but worth it! While we didn't partake, the pool was pretty and looked like a ton of fun. It was a perfect beginning to my sister's wonderful wedding day!
4	This swanky mini-oasis feels more like a private island retreat than a hotel in the desert. The well-apportioned retro rooms are both practical and indulgent. Our first floor room has a sliding door that opens onto a patio right in front of the pool and hot tub. There, you can relax with twenty of your best friends, have a BBQ, or drink at the open air bar. This is more like South Beach than the American West, and I love it. The whole place has a relaxed party vibe. (Someone initially told me it was a swinger hotel, and the in-room cocktail shaker/privacy curtains on the patio make me believe it, but nobody's actually hit on me, so...?) Staff are friendly; the cafe serves fresh, tasty food. The gym is also pretty nice--ear buds, towels, iced lemon water and fresh apples complement modern, clean machines. Hotel Valley Ho's location near downtown Scottsdale also doesn't hurt. But really, I could stay here all day and lounge by the pool and drink mai tais. There's not much reason to leave this place if you don't have to. Definitely one of my favorite hotels in the West.
4	The Valley Ho hits all the right buttons with me. I love the retro/vintage feel, the immaculate grounds, the great lobby, and the surprisingly good Cafe ZuZu inside.I've stayed in enough blah-dee-blah hotels around the country that when something has its own personality and soul, it's a welcome and refreshing change. I spent a few nights here in a comfortable room with a comfy bed. There was enough room to stretch out, and the bathroom--a glass surrounded pod that extended into the room--had a bonus separate tub and shower.Speaking of the tub, I went to turn on the lights on day 2 of my stay, and saw that one switch had "mood" written above it. I didn't recognize that brand of switch plate, and I flipped the switch. On comes this swanky colored light over the bathtub. Oh....MOOD.The hotel is spread out around the pool area. Each door enters from the outside, but it's all covered and it's not too frequent that it's going to be raining anyway.Housekeeping was very thorough, the staff was very accommodating and friendly. Rates were reasonable--more than you'd pay for a quick in-and-out chain but definitely a value for the experience.A couple of things to mention. First, I hate valet parking. It's not you, it's me. The valets were super efficient and speedy, but it's the whole concept that drives me batty. The other thing to consider, is that because of the long walkways that pass all the doors, sometimes rowdy people come back to their room late and get a little noisy. If you're one of the last rooms, you don't hear much of it, but when you're closer to the lobby you hear them go by more frequently.Overall, I was totally impressed. Great touches without being cheesy and going overboard. Modern in its efficiencies but swanky and sexy in its throwback.
5	My partner and I recently spent three nights at the Valley Ho to celebrate our anniversary. We will be back on our next visit to Scottsdale!!We stayed in a king cabana room next to the pool. We loved everything about the oversized room with comfy bedding and great outdoor furniture on our patio overlooking the pool. The style is mid-century modern and the rooms are decked out to the max! The bathroom is great with separate stand up shower and tub. The dining options are incredible and we only left the hotel one night to eat. We had breakfast, lunch, happy hour and dinner in the bar/lounge area. The service is fast and friendly. Try the homemade english muffins for breakfast. The happy hour menu is so reasonable we ended up not needing dinner after have many $3-$4 small plates. Great drink specials too. The main menu is also reasonably priced for all meals. The pool has a bit of a scene but it is not overly "Vegas" style or pretentious - a little bit of everything going on. Great drink specials at the pool - buckets of Blue Moon for $10! Again, pool staff was very friendly and attentive. The gym at this hotel is one of the best I have seen. Great, new equipment and free weights! Didn't use the spa while we were there. This hotel is the bomb. Everything you need for a relaxing getaway and you don't have to leave the property. 5 stars!
4	Stepping into the Hotel Valley Ho, I was immediately reminded of one of my favorite things: Mad Men. It's chic. It's retro. It's gorgeous!I can just picture Don Draper stopping by the lounge for a stiff drink, or Joan and Roger slipping away into one of the 60's styled rooms for a little rendezvous. I half-expected to see Betty sulking by the pool while her kids splished and splashed in the massive thing.We stayed just one night as we were in town for a wedding, and I found myself not wanting to leave the room! In fact, we actually left the shindig a little early so we could come back, make cocktails and watch bad tv. It was splendid.I only have two complaints about the room: the toiletries smelled bad and for some reason, our bathtub drain was broken. Of course, smell is preference and I'm certain that had we been staying for more than one night and actually complained that the tub would have been taken care of. The customer service was great!Another note: Valet parking is $14 per night (and again, the customer service is wonderful), but you CAN park on Main Street which is just a short walk away. I will definitely stay at the Valley Ho again, but next time I'll remember to bring my own lotion and a wiggle skirt.
5	My company had it's Holiday Party at the Valley Ho, it is an amazing property.  The staff are so friendly and courteous.  The rooms are very comfortable and lack for nothing.I would recommend this property to any and all.
5	I got married here at the rooftop of this renovated hotel and it was an unbelievable experience. I'll preface my review by saying that I'm extremely fortunate that my in-laws paid for our wedding (this place isn't cheap). The 360 degree view of the valley and Camelback Mountain on the roof was perfect for an Arizona wedding. Our reception was right downstairs. The wedding dinner prepared was lobster and seafood pasta and prime rib, and it was by far the best food served at a wedding that I've ever had. We had open bar at the wedding and the drinks were not watered down and well prepared. The rooms are a little too contemporary for my taste, but the suite we stayed in was cool. Aside from our wedding, I'll add a couple of notes. The pool is some good fun and was filled with pretty folks. Cafe ZuZu in the hotel is okay, but not worth the price. If you are coming from out of town and you are young and heading to the Scottsdale clubs this is a premier place.
4	Apparently upwards of $70 million dollars was spent a few years back to restore this venerable property back to its mid-century grandeur.  This hotel oozes retro cool and it's easily the most interesting hotel I've stayed at for a very long time.  Where else could you find a 60's style aluminum Christmas tree and open fireplace in the lobby?The rooms are good sized and feature a king size platform bed and black leather chaise lounge.  The bed was a bit too soft for my taste, something my back did not appreciate.  The sliding glass doors, which open wide to create a great breezeway (vital in the warmer months) leads out to spacious balcony lounge.  Although the view from this particular room was that of an empty lot, the space itself is great and has decent privacy.  In a nod the the Mad Men-esque nature of this hotel, there is a martini mixing station next to the TV.  Fully stocked mini bar, single serving coffee machine and flat screen TV round out the in-room amenities. The bathroom features separate shower and bath, the latter being wide and deep which is perfect for me (I'm 6'2").  Although there isn't a door to the bathroom area (the toilet, however, has a pocket door), frosted glass separating the rooms offers some level privacy.  The rooms here (particularly the ones with the Phillipe Starck bathtub literally in the middle) are not designed for people who are bashful.Although a bit chilly while I was there, I did hang out at the pool for a bit.  It's an expansive area with two hot tubs and a waterfall "grotto".  There is also a poolside bar serving all the usual suspects.  The Mai Tai was overly sweet (go to Trader Vic's for a correctly made one), but the John Daly (think Arnold Palmer--lemonade and iced tea--spiked with vodka) is fantastic.I did not eat at Cafe ZuZu, but the menu looked interesting and there seemed to be quite a few people there at both breakfast and lunch.Valet parking is a bit of a ripoff at $14 per night.  You are better served either finding street parking on Main or using the the lot near the on-property Trader Vic's.If I ever find myself in the greater Phoenix area, I will definitely come back to the Valley Ho.
5	After spending a week and untold thousands of dollars at the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess I was ready to camp out at the Valley Ho. Staying there had been one of my ambitions and now it is one of my addictions. I had a second floor Signature Guest Room that boasts a nice balcony with a comfy chez lounge. My room was spotless and the bathroom immaculate--I tried unsuccessfully to find some shortcoming just for the sport of it and couldn't. In fact if forced the only thing I could complain about is that the waffle robes didn't have pockets though if I had asked they probably would have sewn some on for me. Oh, also they charge for Wi-Fi which seems petty. I had eaten at Zulu's previously and both occasions were great.  I can't overstate how beautiful this mid-century modern complex this is. The landscaping is simple but perfect with green lawns punctuated with Orange trees to match the curtains on the cabanas. And as dusk falls the clear desert sky forms a magical backdrop for the Hotel's tower. Some will disagree but parking your car just a few feet away from your room and getting your own ice makes a hotel stay easier especially for the introverted among us. It's the perfect place to consider if one is flirting with a nervous breakdown.
4	One of my all time favorite hotels. All things being even (location, price, etc.), you can't beat this hotel. The customer service is excellent, they supplied us with a bowl and food for our dog. It's quiet and clean. Above all, it's got a great modern design.
4	Imagine Marilyn Monroe lounging in one of the cabanas, Bogie lighting up a cigarette in the lobby... and then me and my boyfriend on vacation, 50 years later, at the same hotel. We got a good car-hotel deal on Orbitz for a three-night stay here and it was totally the right choice. Most of the time, I don't care where I sleep because I'm out and about when on vacation. This time, we were relatively budgeted, but the hotel was a splurge knowing that we would actually be spending time there since we had literally planned nothing except relaxing and eating.From the outside, it looks as if nothing has changed at the Hotel Valley Ho, but inside, it is all tastefully re-swanked in modern mod design. Everything from the bathrooms to the lobby has a unique character that wouldn't work just anywhere. Parking is easy enough on the other side of the building, though the actual rooms are pretty spread out and there are no elevators for the lower level rooms. They seemed to have ample valets if you want to go that route. We didn't try Cafe ZuZu, but the pool was lovely. They provide towels and bring you ice water the minute you sit down. They also have a bunch of fire bowls scattered around the outdoor areas to warm up next to. We had a nice time out there one afternoon/evening. The location probably couldn't be better either. I don't know Scottsdale very well, but it seems to be right on the edge of Old Town (on the Art Walk), so it's good for visitors. We explored that area a bit, but it's better for people looking to drop some cash on art and souvenirs. It's also walking distance from 5th street and fashion square, where you can find more restaurants and shops.Our last night, they were setting up a fashion show in the pool area, and they must host large-scale events like this on a regular basis. We peeked at a beautiful outdoor courtyard and ballroom spaces that looked versatile.And one more thing---the beds are comfy!
5	Wow this was a pampered weekend. I would recommend going to this place just for fun. I went with my wife for a weekend of...hmmm... and loved it.. so different and new and fresh. Staff is nice, rooms are clean, bathrooms are gorgeous...a little pricey but you DO get what you pay forloved itHave fun
5	Anything I write will not do justice to this awesome, awesome hotel. I've stayed here a good dozen or so times over the past three years and it's always fantastic. I love all the rooms. If you can get a suite, you're an extra lucky duck, but even the basic rooms are adorable with phenomenal bathrooms.The bar and restaurant is also great, with fantastic appetizers, wonderful specialty cocktails, and fun rat pack music. Breakfast is better than most restaurants, forget about comparing it to standard hotel fare.The location is also good, with plenty of shopping, restaurants and bars within easy walking distance.This place is not within my normal price range at all, but it is worth every penny and I would never stay anywhere else in the Phoenix area.
1	This place COULD BE COOL IF IT WEREN'T SO HORRIBLY MISMANAGED. My friend, family and me stayed at the hotel for my birthday weekend over Spring Training. To celebrate, we wanted to get massages at the Valley Ho spa.I called to make an appointment and they did not have the staff to give three people massages at one time. Crazy, since it was the Giants/Dodgers game weekend the year after the Giants won the World Series, college spring break, the height of spring training + near St. Patricks day. It's like they're still have a recession mentality. Anyway, we reserved three appointments as close as possible to each other just in case there were no other options. They told me they had to take my credit card as standard practice but that there would be no cancellation fee. Great!Then we asked the concierge to see if there was anything he could do to help us get concurrent appointments on my special birthday weekend. He ended up booking us appointments at an entirely different spa (maybe they are doing so well and do not want the money?) and said he'd be more than happy to cancel our appointments at the Valley Ho spa. We thought all was well and went about our day. I WOKE UP THE NEXT MORNING TO THREATENING CALLS FROM THEIR SPA saying that my credit card had been charged $400 since we never showed for our appointments... SO BASICALLY THE CONCIERGE NEVER CANCELED OUR APPOINTMENTS AT THE VALLEY HO SPA WHEN HE BOOKED US AT ANOTHER ONE, LIKE HE'D PROMISED TO DO. IT TOOK HOURS OF BEGGING AND PLEADING WITH MULTIPLE USELESS PEOPLE TO TRY TO CLEAR UP THE CONFUSION. Garrett was the one who made the mistake and later claimed he'd never spoken to us or rebooked our appointments. Josh was the one who tried his best to help fix the situation, so thank you Josh!The next fabulous thing that happened was that my friend and I WOKE UP IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT  THE NEXT NIGHT TO TWO LEAKS IN OUR BATHROOM PIPES - IT WAS FLOODED! We didn't have enough towels to mop it all up. The nail in the coffin was when I TRIED MY ROOM KEY IN THE DOOR AND IT DIDN'T WORK. So I went to talk to the concierge to ask about it and they said: "OH SORRY, WE THOUGHT YOU WERE CHECKING OUT TODAY SO WE DEMAGNETIZED IT." Appears they can't keep track of schedules very well either : (
4	What a cool hotel. Its like walking into an episode of Mad Men. The location is great being right downtown. I loved the room and the very comfortable bed. The patio is wonderful with a big comfy chaise lounge.That said this is a hotel for young people. My husband and my age group (40-50) were a minority here. When we were there it was mainly twenty-somethings. Partying twenty-somethings. This is not the place to go if you want a peaceful setting. If however you are young and looking to have a fun time this is the hotel for you.
5	Such an awesome boutique style hotel... I booked my companies National Sales Meeting here and everything was fantastic. The guest rooms, the meeting space, the banquet food during the meetings, the hotel restaurant - Cafe ZuZu, the restaurant behind the hotel - Trader Vics, the accommodating staff, the pool area and jacuzzi and how could I forget cleanliness. Everything here met and exceeded my expectations. Noni , the National Sales Manager assisted me with setting up the guest rooms, meeting spaces, catering needs etc. We may have been a headache to her for all the last minute changes we had but she was so patient and very pleasant to work with at all times. The meeting space was great, the room was always setup as we planned; snacks and lunch were always ready on time. The hotel room sizes were great, especially for two people sharing a room. The long counter space and large mirrors are especially great for two women sharing a room. Lots of counter space for lots of cosmetics, haha. Great patio attached to the room. Large bathroom again, plenty of counter space and not only does this bathroom have a large tub, but it also has a separate stand up shower and the toilet is in its own little room. Clean, clean, clean and the soaps and moisturizers left out for guest smell fantastic, I think its lavender? Cafe Zuzu is always the place to be whether its inside for breakfast... or enjoying a drink at the inside bar or outside on the patio enjoying lunch in the sun. Great food all around. I had the best banana pancakes there for breakfast, the entire time I ate them I had that Jack Johnson song stuck in my head. Unfortunately the weather was not nice enough for us to enjoy the pool or cabanas, but some coworkers and I did take some time to enjoy the jacuzzi's and relax. The hotel overall impressed my coworkers and I. I definitely plan to go back on my own time to the Valley Ho to vacation.
4	Oooooh yes, the many memories of the Hotel Valley Ho afternoons by the pool and occasional overnights while living in Scottsdale.  I have that much more appreciation for this place because I stayed there when it was in it's original state, before the remodel which took place in 2005 if I remember correct. Also of note: It was supposedly one of Scottsdale's first premier destinations of the stars that wanted a break from the Hollywood scene in the '50 and '60s.  The Ho's restaurant/lounge, Cafe Zuzu is great to enjoy high-end American food, and at night is a cool/chic place to lounge and have a drink.   Definitely has a modern-deco bedrock them to it, which is fresh, and the pool area is large enough to where you don't feel cramped like, say the Mondrian used to feel like. Also of note, is that' it's right in the center of OldTown Scottsdale, so you are within walking distance to many restaurants and clubs, and 5 minute walk to Fashion Square Mall if you want to get your shop on.Spent my last few days in AZ at the Valley Ho before moving back to San Diego in Feb of 2010 and it was the most memorable experience I've  had at a hotel/pool. We'll just say it involved my best friend and I, and a girl traveling on business that we met poolside. I'll just say that the stand-up marble showers are great!  :]
5	REVIEW UPDATE WEEWWW WEEEWWW WEEEWWW (that's my review update siren. So happy to have stayed at the Ho this week. When Gabi M told me that Firesky was filled and she was putting me at VHo, I didn't complain (secretly it's my fave place when I'm up in Scottsdale). And my fave place just got better, and just got another star because Jesse rocked my socks off with his awesome response to my review of the spa products. This time around I knew to ask for something a little less redflower, a little less Icelandic. I'm sure a lot of people dig it, not this people, er uh me. Anyway, I loved my room, I loved the option to swap soap, I loved that even though the place was at capacity noise was at a minimum, I loved that even when it cooled down to 60 at night people were still at the pool, it was a big ole love fest. Can't wait for my next trip, hopefully everywhere else will be sold out or Gabi will realize that it's my first choice ;). (In other news I think I have Andrea R convinced that we need to work poolside next-time!)
5	Love, love, love this place. It is boutique-y, sweet, contemporary, and a little piece of paradise. The pool is fun, the staff is approachable and friendly, and the restaurant, ZuZu rocks. I could live on the granola that they make in-house. On the granola topic, the last day of my stay, I had to leave the hotel at 6:30am in order to catch a flight. I woke up at 4:30am to hit that granola up one more time before leaving. That's how good it is. No joke.
4	I liked this hotel overall. There was a little room for improvement. The pros:  great pool with good vibe, good eye candy and good drinks. So if your single, ready to mingle and enjoy laying out, check this place out.The spa was also above average, I had a fairly decent massage. The room is nice, and trader vics was superb!The cons. This place is as old as Hugh heffners balls, yes yes yes, it's well maintained but its from the 70's and looks like an ugly old motel from outside,Also, some of the staff was complaining about how bad management was, I found this unprofessional and it just doesn't look good when staff isn't happy. My tip is to check out the website, I bought some package deal for 2 nights, 2 drinks upon arrival, a nice dinner at trader vics,  free breakfast both days and 2 massages at the spa.I forget the exact cost, but it saves lots of money.
5	Hip hotel with very friendly staff.Large pool that I'm sure is packed during warmer months. Be sure to request a room that doesn't face the pool to avoid the noise late into the night of people socializing in the hot tub.Trader Vics restaurant, home of the mai-tai- is affiliated with the hotel and they made us a dinner reservation to celebrate a special event. Though the place was dead on a Friday night (seasonal resort), the joyful staff made up for the lack of vibe and the food was amazing!The spa and gym are way above average. I had the gym all to myself one morning and they have new workout equipment to "get it done!" It also faces the pool so you can stare off at the bikini bods while burning those mai-tais on the treadmill!It's also walking distance into old town Scottsdale and a 5 minute drive the the enormous Fashion Square mall!
1	I just returned from a trip to Scottsdale and staying at Hotel Valley Ho. Have a seat, get a drink and get comfy. This is going to be a doozy. I picked up my rental car & headed to Hotel Valley Ho. The entrance to the hotel is off the main road & actually 'behind' it. Kinda strange but I thought maybe it was an "AZ" thing. I pull up to check-in and I'm told that it's valet parking ($14/day) if I want to leave my car to go check-in. I ask where I should park if I want to self-park. I am told that it's next door in the Trader Vic's parking lot. So I turn the car around and go park 'next door'. Let me say that it is NOT close and there are no sidewalks! So you end up walking on the road as you can't push your luggage through the grass. So after I walk back to the front of the hotel to check-in, the first thing I encounter is a group of drunken girls in bikinis hooting & hollering at the valet staff. They are having some sort of flirtatious interaction and I thought "What did I get myself info?"I check-in without too much trouble & I head up to the 6th floor to my room. The room seems nice enough although I found a little odd at first that some of my light switches didn't appear to 'do' anything. I leave to meet a gf for dinner so I don't bother to try to figure out what's going on. We head to dinner & arrive back to the hotel around 9pm. It is now dark in Scottsdale as the sun has set. I had to walk to the hotel from the Trader Vic's parking lot (in the dark, on the street since there is no sidewalk). I did not feel safe AT ALL and there is not great lighting along the walk back to the hotel. I retreat to my room and think that maybe I'll take a bath since the tub is so large and deep. That is one thing that is 'good' about the hotel is the bathroom is nice & over-sized. I now realize that my lights aren't working since the room is so dark. It's quite strange as there's no reason why it shouldn't be. I proceed to mess with all the switches in the room and still can't turn on anything but the entry way lights. I call the front desk to ask for assistance. The girl tells me she'll send maintenance up. 20 mins go by - nothing. Shocker. I call again and am rudely told that she'll try again to call maintenance. A gentlemen finally shows up but I hear him knocking next door. I open my door and ask him if he means to come to my room. He tells me that he has to go next door to check the circuit breaker. Sure enough, somehow the lights in MY room got turned off because of the circuit breaker. Why would you check someone into a room and have it have bad light switches?Another odd side note: There was no hotel directory in the room. You know, the one that tells you when the pool's open, what they offer in the hotel. But they had plenty of books & magazines for you to read. So I kept having to call the front desk if I had a question. I had purchased wifi ($9.99 for 1MB or $14.99 for 3MB) and it was incredibly slow. It was to be 24 hours for that fee. I had a business meeting for half the day and I returned around 8pm. When I attempted to re-connect to the wifi, it wasn't working. Now I'm a tech savvy girl, it was clear the router was down & needed a reboot. When I called the front desk (again), I was told that they'd have to send the IT guy up as 'they can't troubleshoot'. So after a long sweaty workout in their "24 hour gym", I had to sit and wait for the IT guy to come to my room. It was the same guy who had been the maintenance guy. He watches me try to connect to the wifi and it fail. And then his solution was to have me wire in via USB. It worked after a few attempts but what's the point of wifi if you're going to have to wire in? Then in the morning, I was going to check my email before I flew out and found that the "24 hour internet service" I paid for apparently reset at midnight. So instead of having a real '24 hour' clock, I had a 15 hour clock. That is ridiculous to charge $14.99 for internet that didn't work half the time and then timed out earlier than it should have. The pool was nice although I never got to spend any time 'in' it. I tried to catch some sun before I had to head out for the day. It was absolutely dead. Quiet. When I returned home at 4pm and debated the pool, it was full of douches. They had opened up a bar and DJ booth and the music was clear all the way up to my 6th floor closed door patio. I can see why some reviewers have said the scene is all about eye candy. I also had breakfast in Cafe Zuzu one morning and the waitress was horrible. (I'll write a separate review about that). Overall, the hotel had potential to be nice but they lost it all in the lack of service and the "I don't care" attitude. If you don't want to be in hospitality, then don't. But don't punish those who travel for the fact that you are miserable. It also was quite steep (over $200/night) and don't feel it offered anything worthy of that. I'll never make an appearance again.
5	I love the Valley Ho! It's a beautiful property with great rooms, a fantastic pool, an excellent restaurant -- Trader Vic's and a really nice spa. Be sure to stay in the newly re-modeled Loft Suite. It's two stories and it's fantastic! If I was to take a stay-cation, I would be sure to stay at the Valley Ho! And for all you out-of-towner's who want to stay in Old Town Scottsdale and be close to great shopping, restaurants, and nightclubs, the Valley Ho should be at the top of your list!
4	The Hotel Valley Ho is a pretty sweet place to stay with a good location in Scottsdale, I've been here a few times and really like it, but it is not without a couple of quirks.    My second time here they tried to tell me they were "valet only", I knew this was a lie, but just told them I would figure it out, they are also kind of high strung about pool access, but you just need an ID and room key to get in. My only other particular problem is they have no wait staff at the bar area, at least not late, I've never been there before midnight, it's a minor thing but really, I don't want to walk to the bar every time I want a drink or some fries, I've had a hard night.    The good news is that the rooms are awesome, I love the modern/retro blend and think the big tubs with "mood lighting" and the ridiculous shower heads are amazing. The grounds are beautiful with bright green grass everywhere and the layout and design of most of the hotel are straight out of a Rat Pack how to book. The beds are super comfy and the original buildings have balconies with lounge chairs.    Even with some negatives, even with a valet staff that flat out lies to me, even with a fairly high price, I love coming here and look forward to every opportunity. Something about this place is so fantastic to me, if I figure out how to explain it I'll update my review, but with it's close proximity to all things Old Town and minute walk to the great Trader Vics, I hope I have a chance to stay here again soon.
4	The Jetson's meets Sinatra.  Mid-century motel totally remodeled into a modern resort featuring a great pool, classy spa and both an on-site bar/grill and a Trader Vick's in the parking lot.Walking distance to downtown Scottsdale (literally starts across the street), and the eateries and nightlife.  If you're headed to Scottsdale for Spring Training or a get away weekend you'll be pleasantly surprised,  Not cheap, but a great value.  This place rocks during Spring training so book ahead.Try the suites on the end of the original two story motel.  the wrap around deck is very relaxing after a busy day in the desert.  The tower is condo'd, so if you want a full kitchen, etc, request that.  The landscaping alone is worth a walk about.
3	A party hotel decorated by Ikea.Like Ikea, the hotel is a bit of a maze - the entrance is around the back and you have to navigate around the hotel grounds to locate your retro bungalow. Despite this, it's a comfy stay with a fun atmosphere!Guests, especially those visiting Arizona, should understand that the Valley Ho is a destination for the party crowd on the sunny and dry weekends when Phoenicians are looking for refreshing libations.  You'll find this group at the pool where security is tight in an attempt to keep the pool restricted to guests (at no avail).Be prepared to socialize and stay up late with the many local attractions.  While it's not the best idea to walk from the hotel, a cab ride will quickly whisk you to Old Town Scottsdale.I definitely recommend this as a fun spot to stay.  If you're looking for peace and quiet, this is not your hotel.  Enjoy a little free-spirited fun at the Valley Ho.
4	I'm a little premature on this review...since we haven't actually stayed there yet. But! We've had our room booked for a few months for this upcoming June trip and whenever we have questions about upgrades or specials, the staff are always happy and helpful. They have gotten us the best deals so far and we cannot wait to experience Valley Ho!
5	I don't have a bad thing to say about the Ho!  :)We stayed here over Memorial Day weekend and had an absolute blast.  The mid-century modern decor is totally fun, the food/drinks are amazing, service is excellent, and the room was comfy and large with a huge patio.  I wish I would have known about the rooftop patio before we came - we'll definitely return!
4	Great retro hotel! Room rates are nothing to get excited about but the pool party is! Usually a line to get in, DJ in full force, full bar and food. You most likely need to know someone staying at the hotel if you're a local and want to get in.
5	This is a sexy retro with old glamour hotel. We came here for a bachelorette weekend and it made the excitement level higher being at this great hotel. I am a native to Az and always looking for the next great hot spot. This is definately a HOT spot! The saturday pool party is one of the best times ever! Loved it. Our room was a 2 story loft offering such a great view on both floors and a sexy fun place to host a party for friends or a trendy couples weekend
5	Great 50's mid century modern place and decor, great employees, I loved the room and pool! It can be expensive, but the night we were there it was 159 for the night, BUT we got a 50 dollar credit at Trader Vic's next door! We love that Trader Vic's and the 50 bucks helped! ZAZZ!
3	We were happy to have arrived at the hotel at 10 am and still be able to check into our room. We were in room 1101, right by the entrance and on ground level which proved very nice being so close to the pool. Our room was nice and cool, clean and welcoming when we arrived and it was even nicer to be able to request a DVD player and mini fridge. The mini fridge that was already there was stocked fully with delicious alcohols and treats, but we didn't imbibe, knowing the cost would be great if we started popping those mini bottles. We wandered out to the pool (Sunday) and it was semi busy and sunbathed for a short while. The rest of the week it was nice and calm without too many people, we were glad we decided to go during the week because we've heard it gets rowdy on weekends with the DJ, which would be great if Brooke and I weren't such hermit nerds. The drinks were decent enough at the pool bar, and the waitstaff were very helpful and attentive. Ice water was provided frequently and freely (thank goodness!) and the towels were abundant. The pool was a bit dirty with bottle caps at the bottom of it and bugs floating about, but what can you do. We did have a leak from our shower that dripped into the bathroom area, but we didn't want to move rooms just because we liked the location so we put up with sopping it up with towels. I was a bit disappointed with the leak though. The shampoos and condioners smelled delicious and house keeping did a nice job of making our beds fresh and clean, so that helped make up for the wet bathroom floor. The tub was spacious and we only noticed one bug in the room the entire time, which is pretty good I suppose. I don't know what the insect life is like in Arizona usually.Overall, we were happy with our stay at Valley Ho. I'm not sure if it's quite my  "scene" in general and I would definitely stay away on weekends and busy Summer nights if you like something a bit calmer, but it was a great vacation and Valley Ho helped make that happen.
4	We stayed at the Valley Ho 3 years ago for my hubby's birthday, when I saw a special they were running back in May I knew I had to book a room for his birthday this year. I booked a studio room, which is a bit larger than the signature room & also has an amazing bathtub. I discovered that they allow dogs, so we had to bring our lil maltese Angel with us! Upon entering our room I noticed a doggy bowl with food & water & lil pink bags to pick up her you know what, I thought that was a nice touch. We had dinner reservations, but not for another couple hours, so we ordered some food. From Cafe ZuZu we got the grilled cheese that came with house made chips, onion rings & 2 cokes. The grilled cheese was yummy, as were the chips. The onion rings were more like onion strings & not something I'd order again. Total (including a 20% tip) was about $27, not too bad for room service. The beds & pillows are so comfy, as are the over sized robes! We love the retro feel with some modern twists, such as the sink & lighting fixtures. The shower & tub are great & big enough for 2 (or 3 if you're into that). The bathroom amenities are nice too, red flower brand. The flat screen tvs are nice as well with free (?) wi-fi. The balconies are nice & big too with a padded lounge chair & small table with 2 chairs. I have had dinner twice at Trader Vic's in the past & enjoyed it. I would like to try out their spa next time. I look forward to future staycations at the Ho!
4	It's a great place in the valley for out of towners or us locals who want a staycation.  Fun retro decor with a nice pool to lounge at plus with Zuzu and Trader Vics you've got two great places to eat onsite and Old Town Scottsdale just blocks away for even more.
4	My wife and I went for the night to celebrate the anniversary of our first date.  We arrived on a lazy Sunday afternoon (mid July) and pulled up to the lobby desk in the back, I told the valet we were just checking in and he directed us to pull up a few feet, but leave the keys for him.  Check-in was smooth, they offered to take our bags to the room for us (we just had one, so I declined).  They gave us a map of the property and showed us where we were, where to park and of course our room location.  We pulled around to the Trader Vic's lot, there is an entrance to the hotel grounds back there and our room was just a few short steps away.We had the "Studio Guest Room" which was identical to the pictures.  It is very spacious and while some may find having a bathtub in the middle of the room is a bit odd, we thoroughly enjoyed it, and it wasn't in our way at all (BTW: the tub holds two people just fine, and has romantic mood lighting).  The bed was very comfortable, although the extending platform around it caught my shins a few times.  We thought the decor was just perfect: just retro enough without going overboard.The back patio of our room looked into a grass courtyard between the buildings with a fountain at the back.  Although we didn't use the patio (very hot, humid in July here), we noticed that it had a large curtain that could be pulled around for additional privacy.  Very nice touch.We went to ZuZu for dinner and had a wonderful meal with great service.  My wife and I split a order of beef stroganoff, which had tasty chunks of sirloin (rather than ground beef) and lots of mushrooms.  We also shared the mac-n-cheese (creamy and delicious) and the onion rings (shoestring with sriracha dipping sauce).  When I mentioned to the server that we were celebrating one of our many anniversaries, she comped us and hooked us up with a to-go bag for our dessert.  (At check-in we received a coupon for complimentary dessert w/dinner, but the sever wouldn't take it, so we'll come back some other time and use it).There were 10 or so people in and around the pool, but there was no music and the crowd was not loud at all.  As we were checking out our room and opened our back curtains a group of "bros" were walking by in swimsuits and carrying coolers, figured they were in a room near us, so I was anticipating some "hootin and holler'in" but we didn't hear a peep.  Well, check that... we awoke around 1am because of a very large thunderstorm moving thru the area, but I doubt Valley Ho will give me a room credit for "acts of God"! We very much enjoyed our stay and will definitely come back again!  The room rate was very good, especially considering it's a boutique hotel in downtown Scottsdale (and without a resort fee).NOTES: Didn't use the internet, TV or mini-bar, although we made our own martinis and did use the supplied martini glasses from the bar.
5	I am in the media business as a photographer and I have just found my new favorite place - I was not sure where to go to celebrate mine and my husband's one year anniversary so my publisher said "valley ho is where the cool kids go" I had to laugh because I thought "is this a joke, could there really be a place with such a name that is romantic?"   Let me back up and say I am from Minneapolis and knew nothing about this place or the amazing history. Once we pulled up we were greeted by some really amazing valet guys, tip well those boys deserve it for running in the AZ heat. While checking in Marni was amazing and put us in a room she would prefer, so we were upgraded and when we walked into our room my husband was like a kid,  he was so shocked at how amazing the room was but we wanted to explore so we went to trader vic's happy hour and met Raven and many other business owners to network with ... It was an absolute blast. I am sorry to say they are going out of business at the end of July but the valley ho will still be incredible.. The pool party was like no other but get to the pool early to get the best spots, the service was incredible and Rocky deserves major props for all his hard work not to mention all the staff at the pool. I fell asleep after my day at the pool and missed dinner at Eddie's house and my ride on the bunny cart with my pal Zach so I ordered room service and the woman that delivered it was so amazing and my sandwich was incredible... ZuZu was good but I think the lady that served us was not happy we came in so late and never asked if we wanted a drink, I had to order from someone else. The food was amazing and I was happy with my meal... Thank you everyone at Valley Ho for an incredible weekend.... We will be back ASAP... Oh and please note this is NOT a hotel for kids on weekends - the pool is not the place you want to bring them as it gets wild on Saturday so leave the kiddos at home unless it's a week day....
4	Stayed here on a business trip Mon 7/11 thru Thurs 7/14 and my experience was great! I researched other reviews before I decided on staying at this hotel since it appeared to be a party spot on the weekends. I called to make my reservation (instead of on line) and was assured that it would be quiet during the week. During the first night I heard a few people talking next door but not too late, other than that it was nice and peaceful the entire stay. I had a standard room and it was huge, decorated beautifully and I love the decor. Was looking for a different hotel with some character and this one definitely did not disappoint! I liked that every room has a balcony and a nice comfy lounge chair to enjoy outside. The mini bar was fully stocked. Beds were really comfy, and plenty of space for me to do work in the evenings. My only complaint (which was minor) was that I had a view of the empty dirt lot across the street which wasn't very pretty. It seemed like there weren't very many people staying at the hotel and I would have liked a room with courtyard view but by the time I got settled in my room, didn't feel like being moved. The bar and lounge area is comfy and there were lots of business travelers so it was a great environment. Ate dinner at the bar one night while I watched the baseball all star game on one of the flat screen tv's and food was really good. Service was excellent and staff really friendly. Valets were quick and service was excellent. I never had to wait for than 5 minutes for my car. My only regret is that I didn't have time to use the workout center but looked like nice equipment and it overlooked the pool through big glass windows. Location was excellent for me, it's within minutes of the 101 freeway. Overall great experience and I am planning to come back to this hotel on vacation with my husband. This is my spot to stay for all my business trips to AZ!
4	Wonderful staff, fun, clean rooms, nice workout room. Terrific food at ZUZU. Very cool.
5	This hotel is so much fun. I live not even a mile away and it was the perfect stay-cation. The rooms are a perfect size, beds are incredibly comfortable. My favorite part was the pool and pool bar. There is a DJ on the weekends which made the whole experience that much better. Also, the hotel is Dog friendly which made it really convenient for us so we didn't have to board him. Once we checked in the brought us a dog blanket, bowl, treats, doggy bags and a toy. I would recommend anyone to stay here.
4	Very clean. Great bed. Fun pool. Nice bathroom.
3	So rooms have been renovated with a shopping spree at IKEA. They are neat and clean, however, not a fan of the sliding doors for the bathroom. Seems the rooms closer to Trader Vics are slightly larger than the ones closer to the pool. The hotel restaurant provides huge portions and great service. The pool is the center piece of this place literally and figuratively. The pool  itself is nothing spectacular. They try to make a pseudo vegas environment. DJ comes in the afternoon and lots of alcohol is served. The people (characters?) are what makes this place unique. I felt like I was in the middle of an open casting call for the next cast of the Jersey Shore. Also, we rented a cabana for the sole purpose of having shade. The roof was hooked up so their were gaps and they wouldn't let us close the curtain for shade. I wouldn't recommend shelling out $500 for one of these. They also get a bit nazi with their bracelets and pool entrance on the weekends. The side entrances are tied shut (I'm thinking this is a hazard). There are always at least three people at the front entrance. You must wear a bracelet just to walk around the pool and a second one for the cabana. Why two? If I have a cabana bracelet doesn't that mean I'm allowed into the pool area?Apparently, the hotel does not like outside cabs. They have a deal going with a car service. So you are forced to spend about 25% more than you would with a cab. I'm guessing that 25% is going back to the hotel.
5	This place is awesome.  The 60s decor is very well done and looks straight out of Home & Garden.  The room was very cute, the attention to detail leaves you feeling that the people who run the Ho really care.  Prices are very reasonable and if you have the HotelsTonight app on the iPhone I noticed a $75 a night deal that can't be beat.    The Saturday pool party was a bit packed but their are a ton of seats.  Drink prices were reasonable and they had shot girls that made sure you always were supplied with a beverage.  Can't wait to go back.
5	I love the Ho!!This place reminds me of the Flinstones movie. I love the art deco feel, the pool party was fun. The room was adorable and the staff was great. All in all, the room was affordable and the style was kitchy and fun.
4	we ended up here at the sunday pool party after a bike pub ride. i felt like i should be on reality tv. i should've done some bench presses, arm curls and gotten a new tattoo (and tan and teeth whitening and designer t-shirt and coifed hair and necklace bling and big sunglasses) before coming here. no, it was fun. of course it was full of rowdy and raw drunk biker folks so it wasn't as pretentious as i was expecting. although i did ask the bartender for a glass of water and he seemed a bit miffed that i wasn't buying another drink yet. the pool is very cool and the grounds surrounding the pool are very lush and tropical. the dj was playing some awesome music causing many a folk to break out in spontaneous white man dance moves. the free towels were great so we wouldn't have to be the only ghettos with our wal-mart towels. although the pool is nice, i was a bit skeptical about getting in with 100 or so other drunks seeing as how a pool with drunks only invites peeing to be had. but i'm sure usually, the water is clean.if we were more swank, i'd love to come back. hit me up Kim K!
5	I've been to the Hotel Valley Ho for a couple events, have used their spa once before during Arizona Spa Week and been to a their lounge bar and their restaurant. I am in love with the hotels' retro decor. Cool and classic with little spaces to lounge and enjoy a cocktail. The staff always seems attentive and helpful. Last night we ended here for our SanTan Brewery bicycle booze cruise and enjoyed music and drinks by the pool. Although we were enjoying mostly SanTan beers I tried one of their patron margaritas which was large and green and potent.Thanks Valley Ho for  welcoming all us rowdy pub crawlers with open arms.
1	Unless you like hanging out a Frat House, this place is not for you. There were fights in the hallway, drunk people yelling all night long, doors slamming starting at 10:00 pm until 3:00-4:00 am. We complained to the management only for them to shrug their shoulders as if to say, yes we hear this all of the time. The "maid" service does not even begin to clean your room until 5:00 pm, so we could not even get into our room to get ready for dinner.  Unless you are age 18-21, this is not the hotel for you. The Firesky Hotel, Sanctuary Resort even the Hilton hotel in Scottsdale are far better.
3	I was guest at this hotel during the summer.  I have to say that the pool is a great place to relax, if it is not a Saturday during the summer.  I am not into pool clubs, and this place is filled with the typical Scottsdale clubbers that I was hoping to avoid.  Sunday was a better choice for relaxing by the pool.The hotel first put us in a room that was not in the main tower.  This was a bad choice, because they had a party/wedding or something  directly below us and we could not sleep.  I have to give the hotel credit though, they almost instantly switched us when we called and complained.  Good customer service.  The decor was better in the main tower.  More modern, spacious, and updated.  If I stay here again, I will only stay in the main tower.  Overall, a great place to stay.  Convenient to shops, restaurants, and everything one would want.
5	Rooms are spacious!Staff is very helpful and flexible!Food is awesome!Cocktail price is right!Location is convenient walking distance from bars and restaurants!Will come again!
5	Great property! ... Excellent Service.  Fun pool area.  Good food.  Retro furniture.  You really cannot go wrong here.  We stayed mid-week so there were no crowds or loud guests. I would choose this over the high-end resorts any day.
1	What a joke of a security staff they have here. Everyone thinks they are something special, and their lack of professionalism and bad attitude is a complete letdown for an old establishment. I would NEVER return and suggest you do the same.
4	This was by far, the weirdest, hippest, coolest, trendiest hotel I've stayed at in awhile. The rooms are decked out like I Dream of Jeanie's bottle or an episode of The Twilight Zone. You can feel the history here. Staff was great, food was great, view from the roof was great, pool looked great, all in all - pretty great. So why only three stars? Because the wi-fi was TERRIBLE!!!!! I couldn't login when I got there or even the next morning, and then when I was able to get connected, it was SLOW and I got kicked off the wi-fi all the time! I depend on the internet to do my job, so this was a big deal for me. If you're here on vacation, no big deal. But I found it very very frustrating. Internet junkies be warned - this may not be the hotel for you.-------------Update: after posting this review, the manager reached out to me to find out exactly what kinds of problems I had with the wi-fi while I was there and seems very interested to fix the issue.  I'm impressed and adding another star to my review.
5	This is by far my favorite hotel in the valley. If I had just a little bit more money, I'd probably live here. This is a great getaway spot for my husband and me - we love the spacious bathrooms with the neat lighting and the big tubs! I feel like some kind of A-list celebrity coming here, and although I have yet to spend the day by the pool, I hear it is the place to be (but you'll need a room key and your ID to get access). Even though I live about 15 minutes from here, I still love to indulge by coming here when I have the time and money. Even though it is sometimes pricey, I think it is worth every penny. My husband's 30th birthday is in February and I'm sure he would love to celebrate in one of their bigger suites with a few friends (he is also a big fan). I will definitely be back soon.
5	I was lucky enough to come here for a multi-day business meeting and loved it.  The room was large and comfortable and mine had a separate (deep!) bathtub and shower.  The first morning I woke up to some construction across the road at 6:30 am.  I called to change my room and got moved to the other side of campus and never heard it again.  The pool was beautiful, and I loved the cushioned lounge chairs.  Every time I went to lie out, the pool bar guy came by with a glass of ice water.  I was a little disappointed with the temperature in the two hot tubs; both were barely hot and felt like bathwater after a couple of minutes.I didn't eat at Zuzu's, but I did order the truffled grilled cheese sandwich with homemade fries from the pool menu, and it was soooooo delicious!  Perhaps my favorite part of my stay were the two activities that accompanied the meeting dinners.  The first night there were a couple of massage chairs set out so that we could get free chair massages as well as hand treatments/massages!  The second night was a casino night with real blackjack/roulette/craps tables (although we didn't play for real money).  I thought it wouldn't be fun playing for fake money, but because it wasn't real, I decided to try the craps table and was able to learn a lot from the dealers.
5	Stayed here one night while traveling to Phoenix for business.  What a cool hotel!  I've never stayed anywhere like this.I didn't experience the 50's personally, but this place has really kept and captured that essence.  (And yes, it's been renovated.  This place was built in the 50's but it's not run down or anything like that.)The room was nice, the pool looked great (never got to go...), the service was impeccable, the food at Zuzu was very good.  Old town Scottsdale is right around the corner, with great restaurants and bars.  What's not to like?
2	Labor Day weekend we stayed here. Id never been but always wanted to try. 50's retro.. very cool bar & rooms and GREAT location to cab it to the local restaurants and bars.HOWEVER... Labor Day weekend it was nothing but a Jersey Shore Casting Call. GTL dudes with tribal tattoos and stupid drunk "woohoo" girls.. you know what Im talking about. The pool was comparable to Hard Rock Rehab..just fog machines, base & chaos. The walls although brick do not muffle the sound of drunk beligerent dumb asses breaking shit and having food fights in the hallways.The experience was not worth the money that was spent.
4	Following a recent upgrade to the rooms, this is well worth the $169 per night I paid in October. A large open plan room, modern blue lighting, a neatly tucked away but spacious bathroom, and a huge bedroom that flows onto a cute little balcony big enough for a lounger and a table.With the very reasonable restaurant Cafe Zuzu downstairs and the popular bar next to it, plus the frequently busy pool for people watchers, this is definitely an entertaining place to stay. Well worth the price!
5	As noted in my prior review from over a year ago, when we returned to Scottsdale, we stayed at the Valley Ho. We were there over Thanksgiving and got an incredible deal as the hotel was offering a free night after paying for three. We stayed in a second floor king suite overlooking the pool. Again, the room was great - comfy bed/bedding and love the separate shower and tub. The extra large balcony had a table with chairs and an oversized comfy lounger for soaking in some sun. We noticed a great daily offering at the Spa for reduced massages and decided to take advantage. The spa experience was on par with other resorts we have tried in the valley. But the best part of the spa/fitness facility is the gym. Great, great, great hotel gym. Lots of cardio options and you can get a decent lifting session in too. Cafe Zu Zu on the property offers great options for breakfast, lunch and dinner. The service is great. We popped in for lunch on Thanksgiving and requested an item not listed on the special menu but from the regular lunch menu - no problem! They delivered without any attitude about it (try to spicy chicken salad salad!!) We also had Thanksgiving dinner - and for $27 were pleased with our decision. The ingredients and food quality are always excellent. Lots of flavor and time spent on preparation. Make time for happy hour - $3 martinis! We got to enjoy the pool throughout our stay and the guys taking care of us were great. We had water as soon as we sat down every time - including when we were just popping in for a quick hot tub soak. Another great advantage of this hotel is it's prime location. We walked to Fashion Square and many restaurants in Old Town. We also found a local high school with great tennis courts (short drive away). Another great experience at this hotel will keep us coming back. No complaints!
4	ok.. so the owner persuaded me to come back and try again and I did. This time we had a different room which came with a bathtub placed in the middle of the room with curtains that could be drawn around it. Very cool. There seemed to be quite a few events going on (wedding, reception, etc) simultaneously but it was still relatively quiet. Nothing like the ridiculousness I had experienced Labor day weekend.  This time it was a completely different vibe..a good vibe. I would definitely stay again and recommend to others..I just recommend you call first to find out what's going on that weekend (ex..pool party)so you know what to expect.
5	Apparently it's been thoroughly renovated as a 1956-built hotel where the Hollywood elite hung out.  I can see this.  It's retro Mad Men heaven!  Very tastefully appointed form the lobby, lounge to the rooms.  Great mid century mod design and furnishings.  The rooms are all like suites.  Large, comfortable, well decorated, convenient and with every amenity you could need.  Great space, awesome bathrooms and just a great environment.  I wish my stay hadn't been for business and thus, so short.  I'd definitely come back just to hang out there!Also, the food at their restaurant ZuZu was great as well!
5	Stayed at the Valley Ho again; same deal as last year...post-conference at another Phoenix property that I rightly savaged elsewhere. This visit to the HO had me experience encounters with many more of the property's extraordinary staff including Judy, the concierge's concierge and with the attentive but not obsequious pool staff. Textbook service all around which I understand it attributable in part to the low turnover in staff since the hotel reopened.Though I am not one, but from judging by the books people were reading poolside,  this is the perfect Bobo hangout (see: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bobos_in_Paradise) . For me the elegance of the hotel comes from its simplicity and let's all agree that " simplicity marks the end of a process of refining, while complexity marks a primitive stage"
5	Great location, very clean and great service!  I highly recommend and we'll be back soon!
4	Decor is strangely reminiscent of the movie swingers.  Hotel has a 50s motif done tastefully.  Got an awesome rate through the hotel tonight app on my iphone.  My only complaint was that they had a very tiny self parking lot, almost forcing you to pay 14 bucks for the valet unless you want to do street parking.   Room was surprisingly spacious and even had small balcony making it almost perfect if traveling with your dog as we were.  Food and service at the restaurant was decent. If not for the parking, this place definitely deserves 5 stars.
4	Dog owners rejoice!!!  The Hotel Valley Ho welcomes dogs of any size!  Yes, I said ANY size!  We were visiting the Scottsdale area for the holidays, and typically, we put our German Shepherd in overnight boarding but we couldn't resist her sad doe eyes just staring at us while we were packing.  So, my search for dog-friendly hotels began, and let me tell you, there are not many hotels in the Scottsdale area that accept dogs, let alone large dogs.  The Mrs. previously stayed at the Hotel Valley Ho and recalled seeing some dogs roaming around the lobby so I checked out the website and a tab detailing how pets are welcome.  I didn't see any size restrictions, but just to make sure I called up the Ho and asked if our Shepherd could stay in our room...to which the rep said "sure, no problem."  Bingo!  And BTW, they do not charge you an extra fee to bring your pooch with you...Curiously enough...the Hotel Valley Ho was offering the same discounted rates as Expedia so I just booked directly through their site, which was easy to use. If you've ever seen that movie 'Blast From the Past,' this place is reminiscent of the 50's era.  Kinda kitchy, but well done.  Check in was a breeze and they upgraded us to a King studio room at no extra charge which was a welcome surprise.  Both the valet and busboy were prompt and friendly.  We were put on the 1st floor of one of the outer wings which was a little trek from the lobby, but well worth it since that wing was surrounded by lush grassy areas and was close to the rear self-parking lot.  BTW, valet parking is ($16 incl. tax), but self-parking is free and spaces were pretty abundant during our stay.  The King Studio is a large open room...long counter on the left side of the wall, flat screen TV, an oval tub sitting by itself off to the right leading into an open bathroom with segregated toilet and shower, a very comfortable lounge chair, and a small table with a desk chair.  Toiletries were by Red Flower.  The back of the room is exposed to a large sliding glass door which opens up to a large patio with a table, chairs and lounge chair.  Like I said, perfect for us since the patio opened up to a large grassy area making our Shepherd's bathroom breaks a relative breeze.  The design/decor is 50's style with unusual colors that seem to work with the theme of the Ho.  The room was spacious enough for the two of us and our large Shepherd and it never felt cramped.   Room temp is controlled by a digital thermostat.  Room also had a Melita(?) coffee maker which actually made some pretty damn good coffee using those Melita coffee pods.   The bed was very comfortable and tended toward the softer side in support.  There are 4 king size pillows that stacked perfectly for head/neck support.  Oddly enough, there was no sheet in between the duvet and the mattress sheet, but it appears they change out the duvet cover for every new guest.  Ours looked/smelled freshly laundered and had nice crisp pleats on it.  Surprisingly, their room service from the hotel's restaurant ZuZu was a real treat.  We ordered a late night snack upon arrival and breakfast on most of our days, and unlike most hotels, they promptly delivered ALL of our room service meals within 20 minutes of ordering.  Wow!  So, everything was still hot/warm and fresh.  The grilled chicken breast and vegetables were outstanding.  The chicken was nicely grilled, but still moist and tender, and the assortment of roasted vegetables was surprisingly diverse and tasty.  The breakfast egg white omelet was filled with broccolini, caramelized onions and roasted tomatoes and was surprisingly delicious.  The omelet was accompanied with an assortment of sliced cantaloupe, pineapple and honeydew.  They charge a 20% service charge which includes tip which is pretty standard. Housekeeping was prompt and always left extra towels and toiletries upon request.  Also, on Christmas Eve, they left a plate of soft Gingerbread cookies in our room...nice touch.  Not for nothing and ignore this if you don't own a dog...but we brought our own poo bags for our Shepherd since we religiously pick up after our dog, but the hotel provides poo bags at no cost upon request.  So, I wonder why some hotel guests with dogs still felt the need to let their dogs sh*t on the Hotel Valley Ho's pristine grass (which is really hard to keep in AZ heat) and not pick it up.  Lazy folks who don't pick up after their dogs are just friggin savages!  This hotel is kind enough to take dogs of any size and it's douche-bags like you that will ruin it for everyone else.  PICK UP AFTER YOUR FRIGGIN DOG! Anyways, the one notable flaw of our stay was that the bed was on a platform frame and the green cloth covering the frame was dirty/stained (from shoe marks?) pretty much all the way around.  Solid 4.5 stars.  Docked a half a star for the dirty bed frame, but we will definitely stay at the Ho again with our Sheph
4	My first time staying here. Just got a nice make over. Rooms are big, clean, and very stylish. I loved the bathroom and the large patio on the ground floor with the extra large chase lounge. The lobby bar is great (albeit drinks are a bit $$) and surprisingly a great place to meet people. They also have a great grilled cheese sandwich! Hotel staff was excellent. They have valet parking, but save yourself $14 and use the self park. It is not that bad. The location of the hotel is great is easy access to all of downtown Scottsdale.
4	Retro-Fabulous. This was my second stay at the Valley Ho in the past year. I'm very satisfied with the large rooms, nice patios, good menu and lovely spa products (Iclandic Moon Flower!). I also thought the service was great. I love that they've managed to transform the ultra dated architecture into a hip place with throw-back charm.
5	Considering the price and city, this hotel totally deserves 5 stars for it's interesting styling and great design choices. The exterior of the hotel rooms has a retro feeling, while the interiors are furnished with modern furniture and decorations. The extra large tub (cornered by 2 frosted glass walls) even has a mood light shining down on it. You probably won't find another hotel this chic in all of Arizona.If I ever come back to the Phoenix area again, I will be sure to book at this hotel again. It gets my highest recommendation.Price Tip: Smartphone users should use the HotelTonight App, which will run last minute deals for this hotel.
4	I had some plumbing issues at my house and had to spend a few nights in a hotel. This hotel was just fine. I have no real complaints or compliments about it.
5	I have stayed at Hotel Valley Ho for five years running every March.  It is the best destination in Scottsdale hands down.  From the excellent food and cocktails at the pool to the amazing burgers at Zuzu, you cannot go wrong here.  Excellent gym and spa to boot!  You will not be disappointed.
3	I am writing this review for this past weekend. 8 girlfriends and I visited Hotel Valley Ho for the weekend to celebrate one of our friend's bachelorette weekend. The so-called negatives:To begin, we stayed in the Tower Suite, which had one king size bed but was a bit misleading when we booked. There are 8 of us, and even though we knew there would be one bed, the photos online looked as though the chaise and couch could accomodate at least 5 people. It also appears as if there is another chaise, but there was only a small chair not suitable for sleeping. The website boasts that the room accomodates 8. We made it work because we are all close and don't mind sleeping 5 to a bed, but it definitely was not ideal and misleading. The pool on Saturday, which was a main reason we booked Valley Ho, is very different than other hotel pools and not in a good way. For one, most that I have been to allow the guest to bring in their own water or beverage and snacks. We were constantly reminded that our outside drinks needed to be finished, even though over half of our group were buying drinks and appetizers from the pool service bar. I understand the liability around this, however the staff was not friendly about it whatsoever. We were told to leave the pool area even though we were polite and obeying their rule, and many of us were ordering drinks. The security staff was downright rude. Terrible customer service. Perhaps the most disturbing part of our visit to the pool was that toward the end of the day, much of our group migrated up to the room. Two of us stayed back in the spa area, and left their belongings on the same chairs our group had been sitting at all day. When the two decided to leave, they returned to our area to discover that their belongings were no longer there. Someone at the front desk alerted them that they had been put into lost and found. The pool was not closed, the server that had been serving our group all day had simply dispersed of the items. This is a ridiculous way to treat your guest. The server didn't take the time to look around the pool area to see if the girls were still there - which they were, before deciding for herself to remove the belongings. The postives:In the room, the bathroom was a perfect size and it was really nice to have the full kitchen and huge outdoor patio. The decor was also really stunning and definitely added some spunk to our weekend. Overall this is ideal for groups of friends or a couple who wants to splurge.Valet staff was excellent - espcially Mike. He accomodated our group with every need.Cafe ZuZu is great. Overall, not the worst experience ever - but we were expecting the same level of customer service that you would get at any other non-chain boutique resort and that just was not there.
4	The hotel was very clean and nice with modern decor. We had brunch at the hotel restaurant one morning and it was really yummy. They also had a "make your own bloody mary" bar with anything you could ever possibly want to put in a bloody mary. Good, central location too. If you are looking for a "scene" however - I would not stay here. I had heard in the past that the pool was really fun and had a DJ etc, but I went during prime spring training time and the pool was pretty dead.
1	Had better service at motel 6. Advised front desk of drunk patrons kicking my tires while awaiting valet with my toddler.  Front said "I'm sorry to hear", then walked away. Dirty towels and bed linen did me in... going back Motel 6 on next visit.
3	Holy douche bag central!  It's places like these is the reason why I don't frequent Scottsdale too often.  It's full of douche bags.  The hotel is a trendy hotel and people like to be seen at trendy places.  I try to avoid them, but in this case I had no choice.  The rooms are really nice, but definitely not worth the price.  I mean it's Scottsdale people, not a mega metropolis where you can get these room rates.  Try to avoid the pool at all costs because it is full of meat heads and girls who are gold diggers.  But if that's your sort of thing have at it, because I don't want it!
5	My wife, 1 year old daughter, and I stayed at the Hotel Valley Ho for spring break. It turned out to be a great decision! We had picked the hotel based on Tripadvisor reviews. We were pleasantly surprised to also find out that it is a 4 diamond AAA hotel as well. We were most pleased with the location and the facilities. With a 1 year old we needed to be close to convenience shops, grocery, etc. and that was definitely the case. It was also great to be able to take walks in Old Town Scottsdale. We also were able to take the short 5 minute drive to Camelback Mountain for a hike. We definitely wanted to experience all the hotel had to offer, and the pool, spa, and restaurant did not disappoint. The pool and hot tubs were at good temperatures. The poolside bar and service was nice and inexpensive. Our massages were also at a great price thanks to a weekday promotion. The restaurant also had a weekday happy hour which we took advantage of twice during our stay with $3 drinks and $5 appetizers that were delicious. It seems that the hotel also draws a nice, diverse crowd. We saw couples, small families, larger families, and the facilities were not too crowded. We were nervous about the noise level with our little one, but that totally turned out to be a non-factor. She was able to get all of her naps in and sleep well through the night.The room itself was fantastic! The bed was comfortable. The shower had great pressure and temperature. The lighting was perfect. The balcony was serene. We loved our room!We really only had a few small complaints with our stay. Our breakfast room service came 30 minutes early one day. However, I did change it half way through the order, so I am sure they just wrote the first time down and forgot to change it. Also, one night I turned the A/C down to a cooler temp, and I don't know if that caused it, but we had a wet spot on the carpet underneath the A/C the next morning. Actually, the most annoying thing was that all of the in-room refrigerators were taken and we had to continually get ice to keep milk for our baby cold. Overall, we loved our stay at the Hotel Valley Ho, and would love to go back! It is definitely recommended!
4	My mom and I decided to stay at the Valley Ho while we were in town for a quick trip to AZ for a birthday party. We loved our hotel room and overall we had great experience. I called to see if they had any extra blankets and guest services said they would check and have someone drop it off or call us back to let us know. I used my card to hold the reservation however, my mom was the person paying the bill. I checked in without my mom and the next day I was informed I need to submit full payment for the room asap. My mom was paying but wasn't going to be around Scottsdale until later that evening...we were there for a bday party so, they ran my card for partial payment (after telling me they couldn't and wouldn't do this because payment had to be submitted in full). When we arrived later that evening we were locked out of our room and had to go to the front desk to submit full payment. The partial payment is still pending on my account  2 days later. Other than that, the room was spacious and I loved the soaking tub, separate shower and large vanity so there was plenty of space to get ready. We didn't really get to check out the amenities because we weren't in our hotel too much however, we stopped by the pool on our last day and it was busy but not too crowded. The music was great and the waitresses were very friendly. Perfect location...close to airport,short drive to Fashion Square and walking distance to boutiques and restaurants.
2	I have been to the Valley Ho many times and confidently gave them a five star rating in the past. However, my last experience made me question whether I'll ever stay here again. I have waited some time to write this review because I don't want to write it out of resentment. So, here's to hoping I can be as objective as I can.In past visits, I have witnessed many people having large paries here. Bachelor and bachelorette parties, birthday parties, weddings, and parties just for the fun of it. This hotel has a swanky, modern party flair. So when my husband's 30th birthday came up in February, I thought the Valley Ho would be a perfect place to host it. I called them about a month in advance and let them know that we were going to have his birthday party here and I rented out the most expensive room at the time (Tower Loft Suite, almost $600 with taxes). The person on the other line did not in any way tell me this isn't allowed. During the month leading up to the party, I made invitations, decorations, and spent hundreds of dollars between food and alcohol/mixers for classy drinks. We rented out the largest room to ensure that it would hold our guests (about 20 people) and I was very clear of our intentions when reserving the room. Fast forward to the day of the party. I was so excited because I had put more effort and time into this party than any I've ever hosted. The valets and bellhops were super nice and helpful. If I could still give them 5 stars, I would. However, when we approached the front desk, I was forced to sign a "no party" waiver. What. My heart dropped into my stomach and I went into panic mode. Since it was the day of, I was unable to get a refund. So there I was with a $600 room, car full of decorations and food, and according to this waiver, not allowed to have more than 4 people in this huge room at once. The group of friends that we invited are very tame, very respectful people. This wasn't going to be a party where people got trashed and created havoc, so I figured we would be quiet enough that we wouldn't bother our neighbors. You have to understand, I had no other choice here. I couldn't call off the party just hours before it started.So fast forward to 10PM. Nobody is drunk, nobody is being obnoxious, the music is so quiet we could barely hear it, and everybody is behaving themselves like adults. Literally just mingling and talking with each other while a couple of the guys hung out on the balcony. There were maybe 13 people left at this point (I'm telling you, we're not party animals). Then there is a knock on the door and a man and woman in official uniform tell me I need to kick everyone out but 3 other people. Tears started welling up in my eyes and again, I began to panic. It was 10 PM. In downtown Scottsdale. At a supposed swanky party hotel. I was at a loss for words and was forced to sign another paper that said they'd kick us out if we didn't kick our guests out. They weren't friendly, helpful, or apologetic in any way. They shrugged me off when I asked about the other parties going on throughout the hotel. And then they left. When I went back in the room, I had to deliver the bad news to grown adults (some of which had traveled from over an hour away) that we had to move the party from the room to the bar downstairs (my idea to save face). It was humiliating, although our guests did sympathize with me after explaining the situation. We didn't order much at the bar, as we had unlimited drinks and food in the room and we were all pretty disappointed. The party died out pretty quick after that. Let the record show that not one of our guests went home drunk, and I am confident the outcome would have been the same had we stayed in the room.It frustrates me because I was not warned that parties weren't allowed when I scheduled the reservation, especially since I told him we were going to have a party. However, I had seen several parties going on on the balconies the night of ours. And parties every other time I have ever stayed here. People were yelling and partying at 3 AM that night next door to us. I felt like the staff treated us like we were having a frat party, when in reality, we were very respectful and chose this particular hotel so we could have an upscale, classy party. That $600 could have easily gone toward a different venue that would have happily allowed us to have a classy party. I felt like this experience was so unfair, both to me who had put so much time, thought, effort, and money into it, and for my husband, who only turns 30 once. We were regulars here, but I don't think I'll ever come back after how we were treated.
1	A nice hotel in appearance, however the staff is condescending and rude.  House cleaning also never visted our room during our stay.  It was a very poor experience overall.
3	The hotel was adorable and charming.  Our room was great.  One of the nicest rooms I've ever stayed in.That being said...No free wifi.  Sorry, but that's tacky and petty.We also had a slight plumbing problem.  Apparently when we were out to brunch, the maid reported it and did not inform us of her intention to resolve it.  Later, as we were napping (in our underwear), the maintenance guy unexpectedly entered our room twice to take a look.  Hours after the issue was resolved, the maid unexpectedly entered our room to "fix the plumbing" even though it had already been fixed.  3 unexpected visits within a few hours.
5	If you absolutely have to be in AZ, then why stay anywhere else besides the Ho? I love this little oasis in Old Town Scottsdale. I can fantasize that I am that girl who seduced Don Draper into coming with her and her band of merry vagabonds to Palm Springs in that one episode of Mad Men...Needless to stay, I love the decor, and I hear that they put on some pretty cool events throughout the year, though one has not been happening at a time when I am in town. Even if you aren't staying here, just pop in for a drink and be whisked away to another era.
5	This hotel exceeded all of my expectations! You will be treated by friendly staff, the concierge has hook ups all over the state for anything you can think of, the rooms are very comfortable and well appointed, and the pool is the best in Scottsdale! HVH is a block away from all of Old Town Scottsdale. Kevin and Kheri took care of us by the pool by day and a number of other staff took care of us in the ZuZu lounge by night. They will even set up a private SUV to pick you up or drop you off at the airport for a flat $30 fee! If you're looking for an experience second to none, this is the place to go!
5	I stayed at the HO for the first time and I loved every minute of it! I felt like every time I entered the hotel I was taken back to another era....the 60s. For some reason the Brady Bunch came to mind; I think it was the 60's modern lines and the use of rock walls, similar to the outside of the Brady Bunch house. Anyone that knows me, knows that I am all about modern design, so its obvious that I would love this place. Who ever remodeled this place really nailed the retro-modern vibe. Bravo!Next: My room was fabulous! I think my heart skipped a few beats when I opened the door to my room. It was so rad! and HUGE. The amount of counter space was amazing. The bed was massive and super comfy, and I loved that the bathtub was set kind of in the middle of the room. If you're the shy type, fear not! There is a super cool massive curtain that you can release so that it blocks the entire bathtub/bathroom area from the room. Toilet area had its own door, as well as the shower. There was even blue "mood" lighting as option over the bath tub area. Too cool! I was solo on this trip, so I didn't make use of the bath tub or the cool mood lighting, but I hope to get the chance to in the future! The room was equipped with all the standard amenities. I wasn't a fan of the product line offered though. The scent gave me a headache, so next time I'll make sure to bring my own soap. Did I mention the room had a huge balcony? Well it did, and it was without question the biggest balcony I've ever had in a hotel. (The only downside was that I was in building 5 or 6 and it felt a little disconnected. Plus, I did not know there was no elevator in that building, so carrying all my luggage on my own made it a little difficult, but it's not a deal breaker)I loved the design, I loved my room, I loved that the fitness center was open 24 hours a day, and I loved the service.Although I stayed for 3 nights, I didn't dine at Cafe ZuZu, so I'll try to check it out next time. I did enjoy their delicious Espresso though! And it looks like they throw some fun parties out at the pool, and I may have heard about a fabulous  rooftop with fabulous views...which I will be sure to checkout on my next visit.I look forward to more stays at the Valley Ho!
5	I have always loved this hotel and after recently discovering their happy hour specials, I love it even more! Three dollar drinks? Yes please! I highly recommend the pomegranate fizz - so delicious that I completely lost track of how many I had! The pool is great, the music is great...I highly recommend heading here after work to unwind one day this summer.
3	Hotel has great decor and friendly service. Rooms are clean and spacious. Pool area can get crowded. Good for bachelorette parties.When we stayed there there was a live band playing.
4	I'll keep this one short and sweet for the most part:Stayed here some time back for a tennis tournament, and was (and still am) a big fan of this property. Our room was large and extremely comfortable-- had a large bathroom and I remember the beds being just SO amazing, topped with great linens, too. Might sound ridiculous, but little details like the blue mood light(s) in the room are quite cool and add to the semi-retro tone. I loved the feel of the place as a whole; as Isabella J. said, it's like you are taken back to another era. This is meant in the best way possible, it really was so neat. If I'm in Scottsdale again near this area, I'll definitely be checking in.
4	Very fun and hip hotel. I had a great time, loved the bathtub in the living area. Pool was amazing (along with the drinks) and the food was good too! I stayed two nights and would recommend it. I would not suggest it if you're looking for a quiet get away as it seems to be popular with the younger crowd.
4	A small group of us stayed at the Valley Ho for just one night for a friends birthday and I absolutly loved this hotel!! We stayed in one of the tower rooms and I just loved the decor. The room was big, had a small sitting area and the balcony. The bed (we had a King) was very comfy, although I am not a fan of feather pillows. The bathroom was awesome and had the biggest, deepest tub I've ever had in a hotel...2 people fit easily (wink, wink)! Our room was immaculately clean...I don't believe I've ever had a hotel room, especially the bathroom be so clean! The only drawback for me was the pool and the reason I didn't give 5 stars. Not that it is the hotel's fault, but if the 20 year old Jersey Shore crowd is your thing, then you will love it. I however am a very fun loving 40 year old, and after about 1.5 hours at that pool I was ready to leave. Drunk 20 somethings making fools of themselves=not good...on the plus side it was some dang good people watching! The pool itself is small (consider when it was built) and with that many people lathered up with sunscreen, well you can imagine what the water looked like. Decent prices for drinks though, if you stick with their specials.The bar was a fun place to hang out at before we went out that night, we did not try the restaurant, but have heard it is very good. I would stay here again for sure for a girls weekend or special occasion!
4	I stayed here when it was still being renovated.  It was a throwback to the 60's era.  My room was spacious and comfortable, they spared no expense. The hotel staff was very friendly and accommodating.  Needless to say the service was top notch.
3	Pros: quick check in, big room, great bathroom, very clean, really good breakfast and service at ZuZuCons: small beds (haven't stayed in a room with two doubles in a long time, the size of the room easily could have accommodated two queens), having to wait for a pool chair on Saturday at 4pm, being required to purchase tickets to the pool party on Sunday even though we were registered guests of the hotel.  Overall, the hotel is really clean and in fantastic condition for how old the buildings are. The decor is a perfect combination of retro and modern and service was good.  However, the pool experience was extremely disappointing and completely took away from the stay.  If I'm looking for a one day party, I'll know where to go, but if I'm looking for a staycation with ample pool time, I'll go somewhere else.
4	Wonderful hotel with a very unique ambiance and old school design. Make sure you request a new tower as it's absolutely exceptional.
4	The Valley Ho really needs to change it's name to "Mad Men:The Experience" because everything about this place is meticulously retro-chic and stylish to the max. Seriously come here if you want to channel Don Draper.An enviable location in Scottsdale with Old Town Scottsdale's plethora of restaurants, bars and clubs at your doorstep. My generously sized Signature Tower room was comfortable and afforded magnificent views of The Valley and true to the rest of the hotel, stylish yet comfortable. The beds are like sleeping you on your own little slice of heaven. The bathroom with separate tub and shower was HUGE and had GREAT amenties (LOVE the Icelandic Moonflower products!) and the shower has a little ledge you can plant your bottom on whilst bathing in case you're a little tipsy and need stabilization.The pool is a lively, thumping club by day with beautiful people enjoying all varieties of adult beverages. The pool closes at sunset so the crowd has just enough time to shower, change and then head to Old Town for the evening. The bar and lounge are a fun place to hang out and grab a bite and enjoy some cocktails all in the mid-century atmosphere.The Valley Ho is a destination unto itself and attracts a youthful crowd in a stylish atmosphere that's not too pretentious. Definitely a one-of-a-kind experience for those who are sick and tired of drab accommodations with no personality.
4	Be your own celebrity. Pour a martini, blare some Sinatra, don some flip-flops, a swimsuit and a robe, and step onto your patio in the Scottsdale sun. Lay out on the barcolounger. Take a dip in the pool. The world is your retro-oyster at the Valley Ho.The rooms seamlessly balance comfort and luxury with sparse and modern style. The lines of these rooms are sharp and defined, counters uncluttered, space carefully used to convey both a smart and casual feel. My bed sat on the floor and it was a wonderful rest. And I loved the small stuff: a New York Times in the main lobby, the attentive manner of the staff, the easily maneuvered layout. This hotel, like Sinatra, has plenty of class, style and sophisticated charm. Not to be missed.
3	The quick review: this place is a party hotel.  Do not come here if you expect a relaxing, peaceful experience.The more detailed review:After staying at the Four Seasons for four nights, we wanted to stay somewhere new and a bit closer to the airport on Saturday night for our 6:30am flight on Sunday morning.  I checked up on this place on the Tablet website, and Hotel Valley Ho seemed right up our alley: chic, fun, and different with excellent styling.  We expected a lovely, peaceful ending to our anniversary trip to Scottsdale.  Unfortunately, lovely and peaceful are the polar opposites of what we experienced during our stay.  I am a fairly diligent vacation planner and sought out places with a reasonably calm vibe, so you can imagine my surprise when my husband and I walked in to see a pool party straight out of Can't Hardly Wait.  We were a bit stunned but hoped that things would eventually settle down because we couldn't cancel at that point.Our bellman, James, was very helpful and explained the history of the hotel as we proceeded up to our room ("with a great view of the pool party!" said the man at check-in) in the new tower.  The hotel has a very, very interesting story.  James' help was seriously the highlight of our stay.  When we stepped into our room, he pulled open the curtains to reveal the zoo down below and said that usually the gathering is much bigger.  I originally thought I would head down and make a decent attempt at enjoying the party, but a quick aerial view of the pool showed that the pool was nearly full, almost every chair was occupied, and finding two chairs together would likely be a waste of time.  The music from the pool could be heard clearly through our closed balcony door and curtains in our room.  I understand that I am a bit more conservative than a typical 28-year-old, but honestly, this was simply too much for me.   We were told that we wouldn't be able to switch to a room that would block out the music from the DJ, so my husband and I simply left the hotel to drive around the city for awhile and wait for the party to end.Fast-forwarding eight hours, we returned to a packed lobby, bar, and restaurant.  The sound in the lobby was definitely booming.  We shared an elevator with several loud, rowdy guests  (that were, surprisingly, old enough to be my parents)  that all left on the "party floor!!!!!!!" below us.  We arrived back at our room around 11:00 to find that the pool party was moved next door.  The volume of their music was outrageous and we had to call the front desk to beg them to send someone up after our neighbors wouldn't answer their door.  I didn't even try to do anything about the loud door-slamming and yelling in the hallway at various times at night.  It wasn't worth the effort to address.Because I now know that I could have done a better job checking out the hotel online, I can't justify giving my experience less than three stars, but I do feel that my experience was less than "a-ok."  I'm very disappointed that I stayed here and I can't recommend this hotel if you're seeking anything quieter than a frat party.  It's just not . . . civilized.A few other notes:--Valet parking is apparently the only option for guests (or, at least, that's what we were told when we arrived).  This is a charge of $14 per day.--A business center with complimentary internet access and printing is available.--The styling in the hotel is, indeed, beautiful.--The spa prices seem to be very reasonable.--The beds are exceptionally comfortable!--The service from James was wonderful.
5	Couldn't have had a better time!The service was nothing but top notch.  From check in to check out everyone we encountered were gracious and accomodating.  The food at Cafe ZuZu was off the hook, room service breakfast was also the best around.The pool staff are obviously seasoned professionals and did an amazing job every day.Cant wait to go back!
5	I am on the last day of a three day seminar at this lovely retro 50's styled Hotel. The conference rooms Soho 1&2 were standard fare full service from a pleasant staff. I don't know what the cost of that end was but it was high quality and likely expensive. The restaurant ZUZU was Moderately expensive but VERY Tasty! The bread was AWSOME Lightly salted sorta like a pretzel ... Hot and soft reminiscent of Hawaiian Sweet bread. Ohhh Yeah! Although I didn't stay in the hotel It was a great hotel Im sure. Thats All Folks!
5	So fucking fun.
5	After frequentlng Cafe ZuZu's awesome happy hour many times, I decided to book a staycation over the Labor Day weekend. Every person we encountered on the hotel staff were extremely friendly and gracious, from the valet to the front desk to housekeeping. We love the look and vibe of this retro hotel, and the room we had was gorgeous as well. Very mod and different than the standard old boring room that you tend to get with every other hotel. The only thing that initially gave me pause was that upon check-in, we were informed that there was going to be a big pool party on Saturday (YAY), but that this was only for hotel guests (BOO). Anyone attending that was not a guest of the hotel would be charged a $25 admission. This was a bit upsetting, as we'd already invited a few of our local friends to come and lounge around the pool with us on Saturday. However, upon speaking with the front desk about this the next day, they handed us free admission passes for our friends to come to the pool with us, no questions asked. I was also pleasantly surprised with how affordable it was to order drinks and food at the pool. I was expecting Vegas-like prices (AKA $14 per cocktail), but was very happy to see that you could order cocktails for $6, and buckets of beer for $15. Overall, the look, vibe, price, value and service were all higher than expected, and we'd book another stay at the Hotel Valley Ho no questions asked!
5	Whenever my brother is in town he always stays here so when the hubby & I were looking for a place to get away for a night we stayed here. We are the not the party crowd which is why we chose to stay here on a Tuesday after a holiday weekend. Here is my take on Hotel Valley Ho: The Good, The Bad and The Ugly.Good:1) Gigantic, comfy bed. I slept like a queen.2) Private balcony with large chaise lounge and sitting area.3) Outstanding bathroom. The tub is separate from the shower which is and the toliet has a room all to itself.4) Cool decor both interior and exterior. Bad:1) Bed pillows were too squishy. 2) Toliet paper/bath tissue was surprisingly rough. I would expect a hotel of this caliber to have a softer tissue.3) The mini bar and console are fully stocked with an assortment of spirits, but no coffee or tea. Not everyone that stays here drinks his/herself into a stupor.Ugly:1) Parking is $15 per day, but you have the option to self park which doesn't cost a thing so I guess that's not really "ugly".Overall, we had a lovely stay at Hotel Valley Ho and look forward to our next visit.
1	All I can say is BED BUGS.... On the front the place looks cool and all retro but look under and around things and you will see it is a ll a show to cover up the dirt in the rooms and of the place.  I also had spider webs around my light fixtures.   Staff are polite till their is a problem then they politely dont do anything.....Food at the bar was greasy and over cooked that was when you could get service.All of this for only $180 per night...........I stay in hotels all over the country and never have i ever dealt with BED BUGS.....  The real worst part is that when I complained the manager basically called me a liar......I will never go back near that place or any property associated with it and would NOT RECOMMEND this place to anyone.
1	BED BUGSLiar liar liar !!!!!!!!I was checked out of the hotel when I called so how could I refuse entry.I can still tell you where spider webs are In the room that I guarantee you missed.What about the food and how bad my service was.  I walked out the first night and complained to zac at the front said well let me send you to a restaurant that you will get treated correctly...I thought I would give Zuzu a second chance. Mainly because i was hungry and did not want to drive.  So that day i spoke to a hostess and sat on the patio not bar like before where I got no service as staff walked past and hung out chatting with the girls  at the coctail service station about the night before.The service was decent but here it the review of the food:The chicken matchsticks were burnt over cooked and dry And looked like the oil had not been changed in weeks.  The beef stroganoff pasta was soft meaning over cooked and the sauce was watery and flavorless and technically the beef was the wrong type for a stroganoff. I can keep going on about bad things at the hotel but I think enough said!What a punk you are also as if you have all my info why did you or someone not call me back after I hung up the first time.  Then you see my review and lie and still don't call me back.Where is any customer service!!!You have my number on file and I left it on the assistant to the gm voice mail as no one was in the office to answer my call on a Thursday at 4pm.  What type of operation are you people running or should i say not running.If you had done your job correctly and called me and tried to correct and explain your side then maybe I would have changed my opinion of the hotel and altered my previous comments to reflect a more positive customer experience.  Instead you don't call and lie to try and defend my comments and make me stand by my previous statements of I WILL NEVER STAY AT OR RECOMMEND ANY PROPERTY RUN BY YOUR GROUP AND WILL INFORM ALL TRAVELERS OF MY EXPERIENCE THERE!
2	Ok, to start off with a few good points: the hotel is cute, clean for the most part, and when you do get someone's attention they are very kind and polite.  However, for the most part my experience here has been negative.  When we first checked in we were startled to find someone else using a key to enter our room! Turned out they had accidentally assigned the room to two parties! When we called the front desk to let them know what had happened they hardly acknowledged the problem and didn't try to make us feel better or safer about staying in their hotel! Boo! I don't like the feeling that they might give a key to just anyone to walk in my hotel room.  Later, when we came back from dinner we found that our keys for the room no longer worked.  I was happy they had changed the lock, but they could have informed us and given us new keys first!Secondly wifi is at least ten bucks a day, but in our room we could hardly ever connect to it, worst time connecting to the wifi I've ever had in a hotel AND it's not included?! Thirdly, we left our room for hours at a time in the middle of the afternoonwith the "time to tidy up" sign on the door, but when we returned 2-3 hours later nobody had been there.  This happened two days in a row!I was really surprised by the negative experience, the hotel is really cute and fun, but the customer service needs definite work.  Oh, but the valet and bellboys were the best! The rest of the hotel staff could learn something from their customer service techniques.  They were always friendly, chatty, and willing to help.Overall if customer service could be improved at this hotel I would give it a 5-star rating.  Some tips to the manager: if someone accidentally receives a key to a hotel room a guest is already inhabiting, at least give them a comp drink at the bar, or at the VERY LEAST have someone from the front desk run down to the room to apologize and deliver new room keys.  I did not feel safe or comforted by the staff's reaction to this problem.  Also, perhaps employ a larger cleaning staff.  I've been to many hotels, resorts and inns around the country and the world and I have never had to wait so long for my room to be cleaned after I have hung the sign out on my door.  This has to be either an under-staffing or training issue. Lastly, cough up the free wifi or improve the wifi access in the rooms.  It's really abominable to make your guests pay to have access to wifi that's worse than what they could get at starbucks.  I'm picky on customer service, I know, but to me it makes the difference between a long-term patron or a one-time customer.  I will check around for other options the next time I visit.**I have to retract the previous statement about the "polite" people at the front desk. Shortly after I posted this my mother found a deal to stay 3 nights and get 1 free. We had paid for 3 nights and thought an extra night of rest before driving to VA would do us good.  The woman at the desk was very short with us and very rudely informed us we couldn't stay the extra night despite having pad more each night than they advertised! It's really too bad about the service, I like the hotel, but the customer service here needs a SERIOUS tune-up**
4	Wonderful experience. We were offered a bottled water upon check-in. Loved the fun decor in mid-century modern. The staff was friendly and helpful, and the food was delicious (even though I was there for a conference, and they were serving large groups). Don't mss the Happy Hour every day.
1	Dear Jesse T,Thank you for your quick reply.In response to your comment about the hotel room mix-up.  I was aware that this was the reason the keys weren't working, as I said previously my issue was the lack of concern and initiative on the part of the staff.  If you read closely, I believe I said that having new room keys wasn't a problem, but the fact that no one made any effort to give us our room keys and instead we had to go to the front desk late at night after finding out ours no longer worked, was an issue to me.  I will no longer be staying at your hotel, this is simply advice so you might retain long-term customers in the future. You have a nice hotel, but with that comes clientele that have certain customer service expectations.In order to help you to check the wifi situation I will tell you we were staying in a room on the first floor to the right of the lobby.  However, I will not tell you what room to "ensure the proper housekeeper is spoken to". This is an overall problem and not the responsibility of one person trying to do their job.  In fact, if you assign rooms to certain housekeepers this could in fact be part of the reason it is not a team effort to first clean rooms with a sign on the door... No, it was an overall issue with cleanliness.  My mother pointed out one afternoon that the cigarette butt she had seen the previous evening in the walkway to our room was still there.  We were all a bit disgusted when we came back hours later and it was STILL there, even though there was a cleaning lady nearby.  Perhaps instead of chastising individual employees for a single dirty room there should be an overall standard of cleanliness for the entire hotel by which all employees are judged.  Lastly, I understood the "deal" you were offering, but it was a Monday night and the room was free.  We were agitated and obviously not returning to your hotel.  Even making a slight allowance such as: "how about if we still have plenty of rooms by tomorrow afternoon I'll give you the extra night" would have perhaps made us reconsider our negative view on the service at your hotel.  Instead the woman behind the desk very coldly and rudely informed us of the "rules" you just stated and then turned away.  My sister lives in Scottsdale and used to recommend your hotel, but after seeing the way her family was treated and knowing how many better options there are, she told us she would never recommend the hotel again.  Yes, you may have lost one room for one night, but you may have gained 20 new visitors to your hotel.  I think a shrewd cost-benefit analysis may have put up with a small loss for a big future gain.  Again, this is all just advice, take it or don't, we most certainly won't be returning to check up on your progress.
5	Had a great time at the hotel last weekend. The pool staff was great! We received free drinks with our cabana rental. The pool staff also set us up with treats in our room. We will for sure come back here.
5	LOOOOOOVE Valley Ho!  Love the vibe - the mid-century modern decor, large rooms, spacious bathrooms and balconies with loungers!  I even loved the provided bath products (and I almost never use the stuff the hotel provides).  I loved them so much I bought some fromt he spa to take home!  We had the best service too - from valet to front desk to pool staff - everyone was just superb!  I would absolutely return and recommend this place to friends and family!  Location is great too - walkable to great shops and restaurants!
4	Beautifully hotel and great lounge.  Nice place to grab a drink
3	The hotel itself is amazing. i wasn't there before the upgrades but the redesign is perfectly fitting with the architect. The rooms are georgous. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. I need color copies printed and the front desk took care of me. It's close to everything in Scottsdale. I walked all over the main streets to restaurants, bars and art galleries. However, if you expect to spend time at the pool, be prepared to see what looks like spring break. They allow non-guests to pay a fee to spend the day at the pool and lots of locals take advantage of this. It's loud music, alcohol and definitely not the relaxing vacation i was looking for.
4	If you're looking for style at a reasonable price, the Valley Ho is it!  Yes, you can stay at a chain hotel with perfectly decent rooms nearby for less.  You can also stay at a one of the big Scottsdale resorts for A LOT more. Check in/out is nice and efficient, and the valet guys are super helpful, even if you don't have a car.  The beds are comfortable, and the bathtub in my room was deep enough that I probably could have dove into it.  The only thing missing (unless I somehow didn't see it) was a full length mirror.  Valley Ho powers that be, please add one before I come back to visit next year. :)The hotel is also within walking distance of many good restaurants, coffee shops, etc., if you want to venture outside of the hotel to eat.  There's also a Circle K just across the parking lot, that came in handy for the occasional soda/candy bar craving (and for one of my friends who inadvertently forgot to pack ALL his toiletries).  If you don't mind a little longer walk, Scottsdale Fashion Square is just a couple of miles away.  The hotel's location is convenient to so much that you really don't need to rent a car if you're coming for a business conference at the Valley Ho.
5	What a great place! In addition to the physical facilities, which have been restored and maintained in their Rat Pack splendor, the staff is so accommodating and professional. I have stayed here several times since discovering the Valley Ho a few years ago, and it never disappoints. The guest rooms are lovely (even the smaller ones, and the suites are spectacular!), the common areas are beautiful, and the food and libations are delicious. From the moment you drive up until the minute you check out, this place is comfortable and delightful - a spot to get away from it all while enjoying all the perks of Scottsdale. A real treasure!
5	This is the coolest hotel I've stayed at in a long time.  My wife and I took a getaway for a couple of days after Christmas and loved every minute of it. The bed is The Most Comfortable Bed I Have Ever Slept In.  If you ask, they will give you the code to the bed and you can call and order your own.  The pillows, which are amazing, are sold in the Spa boutique, as are the duvets and duvet covers.Everything is really clean and modern feeling, with cool retro decor everywhere.  This is not a La Quinta with funky chairs - this is a mid-century modern hotel through and through.  Staff are very friendly and helpful.  Happy hour at ZuZu's was great - delicious appetizers and good drinks.  When one app took a while the server took the charge off our bill without even asking us, which was nice of her.  Negatives (minor): The shower head is the rainfall-type so it is hard to get shampoo out of your hair.  It feels nice, but I like some water pressure.  Also, when you first pull up to the front door the super friendly valet will take your car and park it underground, but beware, the parking is $14 a night and there is a free, good-sized parking lot on the side of the hotel.  The valet won't tell you there are free options and we only found the free lot after exploring a bit.  It is on right side of the driveway as you approach the hotel.  There were lots of empty spaces when we were there.  I moved the car and told the front desk and they didn't charge us anything.  Overall, an excellent hotel.
1	We were looking for a nice suite to have my husband's 40th birthday party. We called the Vally Ho, and told them what we were looking for, and why. We were shown around to the different suites, and decided to reserve the executive suite for the party. My husband called the hotel to ask about renting heaters for the enormous patio. At least 2 different people knew that we were having a party there with about 30 guests. At the time of check in, we were told that there is a "no party policy" and we had to sign a paper stating the same thing. At this point (1 hour before the party was scheduled to start) it was too late to change plans, so we signed it and went to the suite anyway. After having dinner for 22 people in their restaurant, we returned to the suite. At 9:00 on the dot security showed up and told us that someone had compained and that the party was over. 9:00 on a Saturday? Doubtful someone complained that early, but whatever. They "encouraged" us to go to their bar (so we could spend more money at their place). We ended up going to old town and had a great time, but we will NEVER stay here again. If they had been up front with us in the first place, we never would have booked a room here. If anyone has seen their executive suite, the ONLY reason to book that room is for a party. This is the most corrupt hotel out there. All they wanted was our money and didn't care about what we had to say. They had several opportunities to tell us about their policy, but chose not to until it was too late. Shame on you Valley Ho. We will be writing reviews on all of your social media sites to encourage people to look elsewhere for places to stay. FYI, Talking Stick resort has great suites, and WON'T kick you out for having a party there. Stay there instead.
5	Let me give you the low-down on this jazzy place. First: the folks who work there are totally non-judgmental. Doesn't matter how you dress or what you look like; they treat everyone who comes with respect and a positive attitude. That goes a long way with a working person like myself who doesn't try too hard to impress and often gets judged for not 'dressing the part' of success. When I travel it is often with juicers, boxes of veggies, a multitude of dogs or even collectibles. I really appreciate their fair treatment of each of us who stayed at this great location. Really super management model.The place was beautiful to be in and at, clean and uplifting. The colors, textures, even the sunlight coming through the sheers and room dividers brought a smile to our faces. The grounds are well maintained, the people who work at the front desk, restaurants and even the maids are all polite and caring to each who need them. I couldn't ask for a nicer stay and will be sure to return only next time with a bunch of friends in tow to enjoy the suites. Thanks so much for taking care of us! You ROCK Valley Ho!
5	After a two-night respite at Hotel Valley Ho in Scottsdale, I can honestly say that any other temporary residence will pale in comparison. Nothing will match the architectural and aesthetic integrity the hotel has to offer--and the service is unparalled. The staff was attentive to our every need, and the balcony lounger offered up the first bit of true relaxation I've had in years.Even our little pup was sad to leave this iconic establishment and her little spot by the soaking tub. So, if you and the significant other want to feel like Robert Wagner and Natalie Wood (1950s version, not 1980s), you'd best hop in the Edsel and head east. My wife and I used to save for retirement. We now stash our nuts (no, I know that's funny, but not what I mean) for monthly getaways to the Valley Ho. There ain't no Ho like the Valley Ho!
5	OMG, Can't wait to go back! I had one of the rooms with the soaking tub and I wanted to move into my room! Huge rooms, great spa-quality soaps and shampoos, Pod style coffee maker, Mini Bar, Martini shakers! comfortable bed, huge balcony with a double wide chaise, perfect on so many levels, Great Staff, waiters, great breakfasts! Pool, call ahead for spa treatments if staying over a SUday or midweek, they book up quickly! bath robes, great lighting, TV-which I could watch from anywhere in the room or laying in the tub!!! I would only ask for some extra outlets near the desk for laptops etc. so you don't have to get on your hands and knees to find. They did provide a long cord for me whan I asked. I really have no complaints, and for me that's rare, lol
3	We checked in early on a saturday. The rooms and common areas are nice with pretty interiors. The rooms are spacious and quiet. The pool is nice and they were attentive with their service. Some things we were not crazy about included a 5:55 am wake up call that we did not request. Also the maid entered our room without knocking. These were both on the first day. Our stay would have been better if not for these events which typically do not happen when we travel. The other good things are that the hotel is in a good location with lots of restaurants and things to do nearby. Might stay here again.
5	My wife and I went over to Phoenix for a get-away weekend.  We could not get a room and the more traditional resort names (Hyatt, Hilton, etc.).  I saw the reviews for Valley Ho so we decided to go for it.  We reserved the Cabana King room for two nights.  Great room, fun and different decor, terrific service at the pool.   The waitresses are very attentive and helpful.  Our gal at the pool became our concierge for restaurants and places to go.  The pool has plenty of chairs, towels and even had a live band Friday evening.  The location to Old Scottsdale made for a great morning walk for breakfast or coffee and central to all of Scottsdale.  I used the gym facility as well, great equipment and plenty of towels and headphones.This classic old hotel has been updated without losing its nostalgia and still offering a modern level of service.  We will definitely stay there again.
4	I've never stayed here, but have been here several times for their pool parties and to have breakfast or lunch in their restaurant.  It's a pretty cool place that makes me feel like I'm in a hotel that was designed by a Rockabilly artist.  A quick breakdown of my visits:+ The employees are really friendly.+ Parking is tough, especially during pool party season.  I prefer to pay the extra for valet instead of driving in circles around the building trying to find a spot.+ It's a nice spot for a business lunch or happy hour.  + The lobby lounge and bar is inviting and chic.  + We like to come here for breakfast during the summer weekends before we head out to the pool for their pool parties.Return Factor - 70%
4	I've been a guest of the hotel and the restaurant many times.  This is a great place for a relaxed, retro experience.
4	I LOVE this hotel. I've stayed here at least 3 times for work meetings. Each time I've stayed in a 2 bed room. I find the rooms very spacious, CLEAN, and unique compared to any hotel I've stayed in. There is a little backyard bit with chairs and an ashtray to enjoy the outdoors. It's almost like your own little resort. The bathroom made my jaw DROP--the shower is separate from the bath, and to this day I still dream about the bathtub. Its a nice big soaker. Make sure to stop off at the local LUSH to grab some goodies to use in the bath ;)The sink is one of those neat-o stand out ones and there are all the luxuries you need like cotton pads and q-tips. Oh, how I love the simple things!In the room itself it has a desk and chair, and a vanity area with a full-room length mirror as well as a make-up mirror. It's every girly-girls DREAM for getting ready at. I can spread out all my make-up and hair tools!The staff are all friendly and helpful wherever you go in the hotel.The meeting rooms are fabulous and air-conditioned. There are lots of different venues and nooks and crannies which make the type of work meetings we have super special and creative.The food is fabulous and inexpensive--a real treat compared to most hotels. I've only ordered room service a couple times and it was usually pretty quick and downright delicious.The ONLY reason I couldn't give this place a 5 star rating was the first time I stayed there an employee/or employees (I never got the full story) stole my credit card info and luckily my bank noticed obscure charges and cancelled my card immediately (and inconveniently as I was just about to make a trip into the US and had no USD only my credit card)You'd think that'd be reason enough to never want to go back but this hotel is just that awesome I go back anyway! I can't wait to book a vacation here sometime.I highly, highly recommend Hotel Valley Ho!
5	Had a bunch of out of town visitors recently and we decided to live it up a little and got rooms at the Valley Ho.  I was so impressed with the rooms we had.  They put us all next to each other on the second floor by the pool.  The terraces were ENORMOUS.  The bed was so comfortable I never wanted to get out of it.  Very cool mid-century modern hip place.  Had drinks and appetizers in the bar and really enjoyed ourselves.  I will definitely come back again.
4	Stayed here the second weekend in March with my 2 adult daughters.  I was in Scottsdale for a conference at the hotel & my daughters planned to go to the Cactus League spring training games.  First, the good.  Basically, we loved this hotel.  It's a beautiful, architecturally unique property with gorgeous palm trees, flowers and interesting landscaping.  The rooms are lovely.  Our first room faced an unattractive parking lot & the front desk immediately moved us to a prettier room when I politely requested a change.  The desk staff is friendly, efficient and a lot of fun.  Kudos front desk.The pool is fabulous although our experience was probably better because the weather was beautiful but the crowd pretty light.  I'm guessing it may be a different experience when all the chairs are full.  But the pool is lovely, food/bar service terrific.  We loved our lizard day sunning by the pool.Rooms are really nice.  Spacious, airy, great amenities, super bathroom.  Room service was prompt and food delicious.We also loved the Zuzu restaurant & bar.  The hotel's concierge was kind of the opposite of friendly/helpful, so we didn't really find any Scottsdale restaurants or bars that we liked better than Zuzu.  So we hung out there.  A lot.  Zuzu's menu is simple but varied with really well-prepared food.  The wait staff and bartenders are young, friendly, funny & talented.  The weekend of our stay, the hotel was busy with my conference people, a couple of bachelorette parties and lots of spring training baseball fans.  Everyone hung around the Zuzu bar all evening.  It was pleasantly noisy, fun experience.My only criticism other than the grumpy concierge was the spa.  It is beyond horrible.  Really, really awful.  My daughters live in another city & mani/pedis are one of our favorite girlie routines whenever we get together.  The spa only does one mani/pedi at a time.  What?  What fun is a mani/pedi all by yourself? I should have known better but it was downhill from there.  First, the mani/pedi is "dry."  OK, Arizona is dry.  Really dry.  Nothing feels better than a warm bubblebath for your toes.  Why would anyone want a dry mani/pedi? I've never had a "professional" dry mani/pedi.  Never again.  Basically, it's a lady putting nail polish on dirty hands & feet.  Disgusting.  There's  a limited color selection & the spa is so dark it wasn't until I got outside that I saw I'd picked a polish with sparkles.  Also, the wax lady is vocal about not being "comfortable" doing bikini waxes.  What?  Oh, and there's the mandatory 20% gratuity.  Shameful.  There were multiple bachelorette parties at the hotel when I was there -- why would you not have a decent nail service and an aesthetician who doesn't recoil at the idea of a bikini wax?  The whole "spa experience" was gross, overpriced and not guest-friendly.
1	Where do I begin?  (this is a little long but you'll be glad you read it) We had a bachelor party here and we had three rooms booked by the same person.  The first night we called the front desk and requested a rollaway bed because our beds were bigger than a single but smaller than a full so we could only fit one person on each.  The front desk REFUSED to give us a bed because they said it would be a "fire code".  I travel 20 weeks a year for work and I have NEVER heard of this.  We called several times to try and explain our situation but the front desk began to hang up on us.  We paid over $200/night and one of us had to sleep on the ground, terrific.  This is the beginning of the weekend of TERRIBLE customer service.  The next evening I came home after dinner and I did not have a room key because I was separated from my two roommates.  I went to the front desk to get another key and the guy asked for my ID. I gave it to him and said the room was under "so and so's" name.  The guy said ok and then checked the computer and said "your name isn't on the room" And I said I know that.  The same person booked all of our rooms. He began to tell me that he couldn't give me a key because my name wasn't on the room.  I then tried to explain to him, again, that the same person booked our rooms and since when do customers list everyone who is staying in the room? He again REFUSED to give me a key so I had to sit outside my OWN room for an hour until my roommate had to leave where he was to let me in.  I even offered my phone so the guy at the desk could call the person who booked the rooms but he refused and was just a smart ass.  As I walked away, I said that I would never stay here again and that I would do everything in my power to make sure anyone I know doesn't stay here either, and all the two men at the front desk said was "OK sir. OK sir" They couldn't care less.  Again, it is NEVER a problem to create another key and not having your name on the room has never been an issue.  RidiculousCut to Saturday and we try to get into the pool and the security at the door tells us that no one's name (except the person who booked the rooms) was on the list and they wouldn't let us in!  We again, tried to explain that the same person booked the rooms and that we are all staying here and we even produced our room keys, but they wouldn't budge.  Luckily we met someone who had a cabana and added us to his list. So again, we are paying $200+ and we couldn't even get into our own pool because the hotel is unorganized.And last, but definitely not least (I would continue to list the terrible service we received throughout the weekend but I am getting aggravated just writing this and need to stop) I ordered a bucket of beer at the pool bar which were clearly marked as $16.  I gave the bartender a $20 and he gave me back $2 dollars.  I then said "aren't the buckets $16?" And he replied with "$16 plus tax."  I again thought this was weird because tax is usually included.  I ignored it and went along with my day.  This would mean that the tax rate in Maricopa county is 12.5% when in fact it is 8.95%.  WELL, not surprisingly, I checked the AZ government website and I QUOTE "The Arizona beer tax is already added to the purchase price of all beer bought in Arizona, whether in kegs, bottles, or cans." This means that the bartender blatantly ripped me off and I'm sure, dozens of other people.  This was by far, the worst experience myself and the other seven men experienced.  The people who "manage" this hotel should be ashamed, and fired.  I heard from several other people at the pool that the hotel has gone downhill since new management apparently took over a year ago.  It's too bad because this hotel has potential but myself and anyone I know will NEVER stay here again and you shouldn't either. Believe it or not, there were several other incidents over the weekend but you get the gist.
4	Took a bunch of photos . I will explain why I had a three star of valley ho could do a lot better!Free Wi Fi? - come on Valley Ho!Love those Pics!http://s1219.photobucket.com/user/live-up/library/Valley%20Ho%20Hotel%20Scottsdale%20AZ?sort=3&page=1
4	Picked this hotel because it was within walking distance of Old Scottsdale andpretty much easy access to anything else we wanted to get to.  The rooms are interesting because they aren't like your typical hotel room.  Platform bed with a duvet but no top sheet, a long counter to put things on and one set of drawers to stow your stuff.  The closet has just a pull curtain on it but a safe and iron and ironing board (seriously? ironing clothes in all that heat????) And the bathrooms have this smoked glass on a sliding door as well as around the shower.Ok if you like casting shadows but what the hey!  The shower is nice and big and the water pressure and temperature are great.  Just no place to prop your leg if you wish to shave.  If you get a room with a shower and tub the shower is smaller but that tub is great for soaking a weary body after a hike.  The patios and balconies are awesome because you have a table with chairs as well as this can fit two chaise lounger for sitting out and catching some rays or just chilling.My only complaints were that there seemed to be only one ice machine and it was near the pool and on a weekend that was very busy they had part of the parking lot that was next to our building blocked off for some mustang and motorcycle storage/event.  Not cool for when you come back in late and have to park on the street!  When we come back to Scottsdale we will keep this place high on our list of possible stays.
5	I just had my second Spa appointment and I must say, it gets better and better each time! The staff is so friendly, the waiting room always so clean and the service is extraordinary! Everyone should partake in what the Spa has to offer!
4	Came here recently with the wife for a 3 day stay.  My wife was in town for business so I spent the majority of my days at the pool.  Our room was modern, mad men chic style with cool stand alone bath tub and glass door shower.  The only thing I didnt like about the room is that the bed has a 5 inch thick comforter blanket on it and thats it.  So basically you had to sleep with this sub arctic approved comforter over you, causing sweating and discomfort within 10 minutes, or nothing at all, because there was no sheet under it.  I called the front desk and they informed me that this was "the style" of the bed.  So let me get this straight, your hotel lies in one of the hottest climates in the country, and you basically force your guests to sleep with a comforter that would keep my grandma warm in an Alaskan igloo?  How about you provide a bed sheet so i can put it over me and sleep like a normal human being?  I digress.  I had breakfast a few times at the Zuzu cafe near the lobby, the food was awesome and the service was great.  The pool area was nice and quiet because we were there mid-week, the pool servers were friendly and not overbearing like at some hotels.  Had to bring my ipod though because they basically play the same top 40 songs on a loop all day.  I understand music is subjective, but at least vary the songs so your guests dont have to hear the exact same songs played every day.  Overall a great experience though and I would definitely come back here next time we're in the area.
2	Buyer beware. I had stayed here before through a corporate booking, and had gotten a great room that opened on to a nice courtyard. Since that visit, I had been looking forward to staying here again, as Scottsdale is a hub for my corporation, and my team and I meet here about 4 times a year. This time, here for pleasure with friends, I spotted a deal on Hotels.com, which the ValleyHo gladly matched (upon verification) saving me about $20/night. And that's where the good news ends, and the trouble begins...As soon as we checked in, the staff referenced the Hotels.com price and they gave us a room on the street (complete with traffic noise) in a building as far afield from the main building as they could find. The room was down a dark interior cooridor, and rougher around the edges than I had remembered, with a broken coffee maker, noisy air-conditioner, and faded decor. One might suspect that we landed in this far-flung room because the hotel was full, but alas, it was half empty and we still got shafted on the room. We stayed for breakfast (which was good) and a quick dip in the pool (crowded by 10a, but then again it is the desert) and then checked out. At the tail end of our stay, we traded in the ValleyHo for the Hilton, and were treated better for it. Sad to say goodbye to one of the 'hipper' hotels in Scottsdale, but I will unless they upgrade their service.
2	Valley Ho Pool hates fun and is in the midst of an identity crisis. More specifically they hate inflatable beach balls and phallic symbols, dancing, and bachelor/bachelorette parties. By "they" I mean, Valley Ho Pool security.So why, you might ask yourself, would they would boast on their website that their pool was rated the Best Party Resort Pool if they don't actually allow fun to happen? That's precisely the question we asked them when we were kicked out of the pool along with two other bachelor/bachelorette parties in April. We were kicked out because its a "family pool". Lets see, what family pool has spectacular bar service, a DJ blasting party music, 20 and 30 somethings mingling and having a good time, and exceptional poolside bar service?  It was seriously NOT a family environment and I would have judged the crap out of anyone who brought their kids. We were kicked out because my friend had a bachelorette tiara with a veil and they said "no decorations". We were kicked out after spending thousands between the three parties who all had multiple cabanas and tons of food and alcohol. We were kicked out for dancing. No seriously security told people to stop dancing at one point.They took someone's beach ball away. I guess beach balls are too crazy for the pool. hahaWe were kicked out for hanging out with each other. Again, they seriously told us to stop hanging out together. haha ridiculous!We were kicked out for a completely harmless ring toss set, and a really hilarious huge blow up penis.. haha okay maybe that was too much but it was hilarious to watch the group who brought it get into even more trouble and really funny to see how uncomfortable the security guards were. Anyway, my point is, the Valley Ho is a really awesome pool but it just doesn't want to be a party pool. Don't let the decor, the coolness, the music, or the alcohol fool you. They want you to be tame, and not that fun, so you might look into partying elsewhere, or else you risk their security guards shutting your fun down. Overall Experience at the pool which is the basis for this review: 2 starsDrinks: 4 starsWaitress: 5 stars --- Our waitress was awesome and super cool and thought the security was being super lame.DJ: 3 starsFood: 3 starsSecurity: 1 starHotel rooms: 4 stars
5	I was here the last night of my road trip and it certainly did not disappoint. Wonderfully comfortable bed, huge window and sliding doors that led to a balcony, bathtub in the middle of the room, fantastic pool area, retro awesome furniture. It's like being in Arizona's version of a Vegas resort or being on the set of Blow before things turned sour for Depp's character.Check out is at noon -- plenty of time to enjoy the pool before leaving this slice of paradise behind.
5	So just how great is this hotel?1. I live about 5 miles south and I've booked 3 long weekends in the next couple months. Locals would call it a staycation, but because of the hotel's stylish rooms, close-to-everything location and top-notch service, it always feels like a dreamy out-of-town vacation.2. As public relations professional, I'm often asked about my favorite spots to stay in Scottsdale. The Hotel Valley Ho is always my must-book recommendation. In fact, our entire staff stays here as a group a few times a year. 3. It's the definition of fun, energetic hospitality. Pamper yourself with a bedside dinner, or meet new friends at the pool over cocktails. No matter where you are on the property, an upbeat hotel representative is there to make the stay uh-amazing. Always.
5	Stayed there this weekend and it was great as always! The bed was comfortable, the service was excellent. We usually stay here once or twice a year, it is our favorite local hotel. Also, the pool is a circle!
5	What an escape! I have "staycationed" here a few times; the reasonable summer rates, always-friendly service and impeccably clean + comfy rooms make for the perfect getaway.I typically book a treatment at the spa during my stays for maximum relaxation. Although there aren't many amenities, they have great monthly and weekday specials and all of the therapists are gracious and professional. Book a Lomi Lomi massage for a completely blissful experience!Spend your day poolside for an energetic vibe along with attentive servers who always keep your ice water full or queue up cocktails and bites. The bar/lounge at ZuZu is the perfect place to unwind and socialize before heading out to one (or two...or three!) of the sea of amazing restaurants and bars nearby. And if you've melted into your heavenly bed, order room service to put yourself in total vacation bum mode...you won't wanna leave the Valley Ho!
5	I've stayed at the Ho a couple times and it never fails to exceed my expectations.This past time I brought my dog with me and it was like a staycation for him as well. Walking the grassy grounds, getting spoiled with treats from the concierge and sun bathing on the patio was just what we needed to relax. I love booking a weekend with friends because whether it's a trip to get ice or a pop-in/pop-out of Zuzu I always spot someone I know and feel like a million bucks.Their boutique gym is also unexpectedly tranquil. Great view and there's a mini studio space to stretch, do yoga or jump rope. Next time I definitely want to cruise around Old Town on their beach cruisers (or bring my own bike!) as well as hit up the rooftop patio.The Valley Ho can do no wrong in my mind.
5	The Valley Ho is absolutely amazing! I stayed there this past weekend, for the first time, and loved everything about it. The room was ADORABLE, super clean and the bed was insanely comfortable. The pool was a blast, with amazing service! I can't wait to come back, soon!
5	This is my go to spot to say in Old Town!  Unlike other resorts you aren't charged a resort fee and other "staycation" fees are minimal like $14 valet parking/$5 for non guests for the day instead of $30 like other places.No matter if you stay in a regular room or a suite I have found that the customer service at the VH is amazing!  I have stayed at other Old Town Resorts and locals who were there to party at the pool were treated better than me (paying $1300 a night for a suite) but that is not the way they do things at the VH.  Everyone is treated like they are a big spender yet you don't have to be one to get a room here.Their spa services are always amazing and the employees are very attentive.  They offer beach cruiser rentals and help navigating Old Town to make sure you have the best experience.The part I love best is that their summer pool parties are guests only which means you don't end up spending $300 for a room only to find out you are fighting for a chair with some local idiot who paid $10 to get into the pool.Other resorts take note, this is how you do it.
5	What a great hotel.  Totally unique and the customer service is top notch.  ZuZu has some great food choices as well.  With live music on Friday, DJ on Saturday, build your own Bloody Mary bar on Sunday, and bar service at the pool, there is no need to leave the grounds once you arrive.  If you've never been, you're missing out!!
5	Put quite plainly, you will never be a better you outside of the Valley Ho. Between the accomodations, the service and the staff, you will never, ever feel better than you do here. And that goes for dogs, too. Even in 120 degree heat (it is a dry heat), you will never be complete until you've experienced the Valley Ho. So, skip the Scientology and the Primal Scream therapy and be the best you you can be.
1	DON'T get a Cabana at the pool here. Not worth the $300 (doesn't include bottle service) and any drinks you buy is extra. Which I was okay with actually. However,  the door guy is a complete Nazi!  My friend had to get a room to get into the pool area (another 100 bucks) Older people, a few ladies for hire, "interesting" crowd to say the least. I'll take my future  business to El Santo or Maia.
5	An absolute pleasure to work with the banquets and event team. Extremely accommodating, friendly, timely, and helpful.  As a marketing and events  coordinator, my job is stressful and to have the help from working with this hotel, took a huge weight off my shoulders. Excellent food, awesome staff,  gorgeous rooms...I cannot say enough about this place! We will be back and you should come too!! Ask to work with Lee and Josh :-)
5	SERIOUSLY the best hotel in Scottsdale i stayed there and from the moment i walked in to the moment i walked out nothing but the best John at the front desk was social and very polite and a pleasure to talk with when i found out my room didt have a tub he upgraded it right away and had the bellman Brett bring me to my new room and he gave me a little mini-tour and the history of the hotel when we got to my room he made sure he showed me everything and how it worked best staff...the food was great the pool and spa omg just all around the best i already booked the tower for the next stay! you get what you pay for!!! best best best!!
5	Valley Ho, I bow down.I wasn't really sure what to expect upon arriving at the Ho, but I was already anticipating not liking it as much as I like the Saguaro. Turns out I was wrong.Valet was super friendly and offered me a bottle of water (which I needed, considering it was basically 200 degrees outside), and the front desk got me checked in right away. The first thing I noticed was the bright colors and modern atmosphere - oh and also ZuZu, which has earned five stars of its own. A nice gentleman grabbed my bag and helped me to my room, which was a bit of a hike around the pool.There's no other way to say it... my room was mind-blowing. The king size bed was insanely comfortable, there was a personal coffee bar, a martini set, and a mini bar... TONS of counter space, huge mirrors, and the sheer size of the room was impressive in its own right. Let's also not forget the giant bathtub in the middle of the room, with optional blue mood-lighting, and wrap-around curtains if you want some privacy. The bath products were wonderful, the shower's water pressure just right, and I was in heaven for a good three days.I really love the pool, and can't wait to see the two new ones when I'm back in October. The personal, rent-able cabanas are super fun, and they have a nice pool bar as well. The fitness center gets five big stars, they have yoga in the morning, and I'm going to stop writing now and just say I'm in love with this hotel.My only gripe was that my room was on a corner, and it was so hot. Regardless of the 60 degrees I had it set on, the temp never went below 74 degrees. Five stars regardless, because the pros seriously outweigh the one con. Clearly, I can't wait to go back.
5	Had a lovely one-night staycation here as a weekday couple's retreat. The room was huge, extremely clean and there were all kinds of little touches that made the atmosphere very posh.  Great decorations, we loved the separate shower stall, bathtub, and toilet stall area with "mood" lighting, lots of counter space, and great-sized private patio area with a huge lounger for two.  Since it was summer and a weekday, the property was very private, we felt the pool was ours for the taking! GIANT pool area, well maintained, clean, and beautiful.  The jacuzzi definitely could have been hotter in temperature, but that was our only complaint.  We didn't try the restaurant, but the bar had a great atmosphere too!  All the staff were friendly and helpful, it was easy to get a complimentary late check-out, and overall a professional experience. Conveniently located to everything in Old Town Scottsdale, this place is a def new fave, especially since I found a Kayak deal which made my overnight here only $90!  Thanks for a great staycation!
5	Starting this out simply (effusive praise to follow): I've stayed at a hell of a lot of hotels and Hotel Valley Ho might very well be my favorite *of all time*. The Mid Century-meets-Millenium  aesthetic, the history (check out the framed old postcards, brochures and souvenirs on the second floor), the friendly service, the endless amenities, the gym (large and well-equipped with a pool view) the *swell* rooms, the lush pool area, the lobby, the bar, the restaurant... oh oh oh, please excuse me as I break out in song, preferably a Monroe number where I'm wearing rosy satin and being carried around the property by a half dozen tuxedo'd gentlemen: "Hotel Valley Ho is a girl's best friend." Where shall I start? I'm a gal who yearns for a past she never knew. A past where goils were goils and men were men. A time when a 5pm martini was de riguer and a lady would never in a zillion years wear sweat pants. A time when no one was reminded they needed to party "responsibly" and there was no such thing as sexting. Now, I'm not a luddite -more like an early adopter- but I can sure as heck pretend I'm existing in that glorious past when I'm ensconced at the glorious Hotel Valley Ho. And yet, there's not a single dated thing here. Modern amenities are subtle enough that they don't interfere, no less eclipse, the vintage vibe. And believe you me, you'll excuse the fact that no one had tubs with mood lighting back in '63 (though it is a subtle nod to the whole bathtub-in-the-kitchen thing that was going on in tenement buildings). And who cares if these luxe king beds didn't exist back then, I sure as hell don't want to be sleeping in a twin to preserve that I Love Lucy aesthetic either. I stayed in one of the king suites, which during the summer are available at such an incredibly discounted rate. It's so worth it to get over your fear of desert heat and have a little vacay in Phoenix/Scottsdale. I'm all about off-season vacationing. This way, too, the pool is practically private to you and your friends. By the by, I only swam in it at night as I'm a sun-shunner. I'll have you know it's lovely at night as is the jacuzzi that's right in front of a waterfall. On that note, I applaud the HVH's landscapers. It's tropical without being over bearing and compliments the pool area just beautifully. The pool is equipped with a bar and sweet sitting areas with lounge chairs and some shading if you gotta be out there in the heat of the day.More on the room before I exceed the word count in this review. It's large and well-appointed with dresser, desk, Eames style furniture (what else would you expect?). There's a well-priced mini bar and snack sitch, but let me just go on a bit about the martini set! I was told back in the day, people would entertain in their rooms at the HVH and this is yet more homage to that time. The other detail I love about the studio rooms is that each comes with a private patio. It might have been 100 degrees at night, but damned if I didn't enjoy a glass of bubbly & room service out there in the pitch dark. Cabana rooms are poolside, but then you don't get that swanky tub in the middle of the room. The bathroom area is a discussion unto itself. and is more like a bathroom suite. I love it! Design geniuses, I tell you.I suppose, kittens, that I really am going on too much. I'll be back in October and will update with more accolades. Until then, I shall just yearn for The Ho!
4	Amaze balls. Stayed here for my brothers 30th birthday and have been dying to go back every since. I love to retro vibes and the rat pack feel. It's classy and has one of the best brunch spots in the area. I had the eggs benny with a bloody on the side. So needed and made perfectly. The rooms are pure class and roomy. We have a room that over looked the pool area and loved the outside seating, even though it was 110. Please take me back!
5	My favorite hotel in Scottsdale. Style, flair, and a location you can't beat. It's completely unique to anything you would stay in- definitely worth a visit. Great rates to boot.
5	love love love the spa!!
4	While I've never had a sleep over at HVH, I've had the pleasure of attending multiple events here (hello Cupcake Lovin', Phoenix Fashion Week and Valley Vintage)!  I've also spent time by their pool, in their restaurant, in their fitness room and even in their boutique spa once upon a time... I love the retro feel, the convenient location, the friendly staff, and the signature scented lotion they've got in their guestrooms and restrooms in the lobby and spa.I'm excited to be working with HVH on an upcoming room block for my team to stay here next month... and everyone I've dealt with at the hotel has been a true pleasure to plan with.  From the initial phone call, tour of the facility, guest rooms, and event space, Rachel (the sales manager I'm working with), has been amazing.  Once I signed off on the contract, I was put in touch with other HVH staff and they've all been friendly and easy to deal with; just how I like it.While I still won't be spending the night, I know my team will be in great hands (and rooms with comfy beds... some with bathtubs in the middle).  I look forward to visiting again soon and one of these days I will staycation here too.  Needless to say, I'm a huge HVH fan!
5	Besides the spa being a bad experience with their front desk staff ... The hotel itself is FAB!!! Excellent, polished customer service from curbside in! Clean, open spaced, clever modern design. I didn't realize it's actually only two floors. The larger building is privately owned. Great pool...Awesome location... 5 stars!
5	My husband and I stayed at the Valley Ho for 2 nights and loved it.  The staff was great.  The property is well cared for. We were there Monday-Wednesday so I can't speak for the weekend crowd but everyone from guests to bartenders and servers were nice and having Fun!We stayed in a Cabana Suite and grabbed carry out for several meals just because it was so relaxing to sit on the patio with a bottle of wine and eat. There is a nice Circle K across the street for snacks, beer...etc. They have some decent drink specials at the pool bar on weekdays and a nice Happy Hour at ZuZu (the restaurant on site) so you do not feel like you are getting ripped off every time you order a drink. Great place for couples and adults!
5	Loved it. Really well done -- retro feel but not overdone, very clean (pet-friendly and STILL spotless), awesome food, great staff. Can't fault it for anything. Do it.
4	Spent a week here for a conference.  Rooms are great, but would have liked a frig.  Be aware that the second story can only be reached by stairs,if you have bags to carry.  Fantastic mid century design and great tunes piped in the lobby and restaurant.  Food and service terrific.  Great staff.  I would like to spend more time here.
5	I love the Valley Ho! I threw my sister's bachelorette party in Scottsdale and the Valley Ho immediately came to mind. I knew the weather was going to be amazing outside so I was excited to see that they had the Terrace Suite. The Terrace Suite was a swanky, retro style suite with a balcony/terrace that was 850 square feet! It was as big (if not bigger) than the room itself. The Suite was next to the pool and it was the perfect suite for me to set up a candlelit dinner outside. The bathroom was huge, with enough mirror for everyone to get ready and a huge bathtub and shower. The bed was extremely comfortable and the service was amazing. I didn't run into any problems during our stay and the bellboy was very nice and helpful with any baggage that we needed carried up the stairs (they don't have an elevator). We got our nails done on the terrace while we sipped on some Dom Perignon mimosas, it was awesome, just as I planned. They have plenty of parking if you do not wish to valet, which was more conveniant given the location our room was closer to the lot than the front desk. The service was great, they would ask if we needed more towel every day (which we did), so wonderful! I would recommend this Hotel to anyone and everyone!
5	Such a special place...A wonderful contemporary hotel that maintains the continuity of its mid century modern esthetics. Great historical story that is palpable in every nook and cranny of the architecture. The grounds are meticulously manicured.  The decor and finishes Dwell worthy. Amenities that challenge any chain hotel; most of which are complimentary. And a staff that mirrors the above!Hotel Valley Ho is hands down one of my favorite hotels!! Annnnnnnd it's dog friendly.
5	My husband and I stayed here for a weekend and it's amazing. The hotel feels like a resort and you could easily spend a day or two doing nothing but eating and drinking at the wonderful bar and restaurant ZuZu's and hanging out by the pool. It's also walking distance to old town Scottdale. The staff is lovely and our room was very relaxing. WIll definitely be back.
5	It's hard to start. Where to begin? The incredible bathtub? The super comfy bed? The mid cent hotness? The fab bellman who brought me my luggage at 3a? Their spa (which i plan on taking full advantage of)?The reality is that this place does everything right. And I can appreciate a local hotel, the screams "I'm in the W", but is unique and sexy and different in the way that only boutique hotels can be. My bed is awesome, my bathroom is pinterest worthy and the patio? Replete with a small conversation table and a full chaise overlooking the pool.In short, it's goddamn amazing. Stay here as much as you can.
5	My only complaint about the Hotel Valley Ho is that I spent just a single night there.There are a lot of reasons to love this mid-century modern boutique hotel in downtown Scottsdale, here are a few of mine:GYM The gym's open 24/7, perfect if you find yourself jet-lagged and in need of a run at 05:00AM. They stock the gym with spa water, towels and ear buds so you need only bring yourself.RED FLOWER BATH AMENITIES I've loved this New York brand since I first discovered it at the Harmony Hotel in Costa Rica so I was excited to see that my room was stocked with their Icelandic moonflower scented soap, shampoo, conditioner and body wash.BATHTUB After a 05:00AM run it's super nice to settle into a big bathtub (especially a fancy oval one designed by Philippe Starck) for a soak. My room came equipped with a huge tub in the middle of the room and from the moment I spotted it, I couldn't wait to jump in.PARKING ATTENDANTS In the morning, as I waited for Gabi to fetch me, the parking attendants were super sweet and offered me water (which you should drink a lot of when in the dry desert). As I always say, it's the little things. . . If my travels ever take me back to the Phoenix area, I am definitely staying here.
5	Overall, this is probably the nicest hotel I have ever stayed at, and I want to stay there every time I go to Phoenix in the future.When I first checked in, I had a little trouble finding my room, because I was distracted by how nice everything looked. I found my room on the second floor overlooking the brand new pool. The room was gigantic and it had pretty much every amenity I could want. The bed was huge, a wonderful tv, mood lighting over the bathtub, a private balcony, and so many pillows! Every aspect of my stay was beyond what I could have hoped for. Every employee was super nice and extremely helpful. I had a drink during the happy hour and a BLT by the pool. I really can't say enough nice things about this hotel. On my final morning, I tried having a massage in their spa. It was my first massage, and I wish I had known how nice they were. As I entered, I was given a tour and a fluffy, soft robe and flip flops. I can't remember what my masseuse's name was, but she was very nice and understanding as I had never had one before. She made sure I felt comfortable and relaxed to get the most out of my massage.After my massage, I went and had a steam -- another thing I had never tried before. After my steam, I got to hang out pool-side until it was time to catch a cab back to airport. I was sad to see it go.
5	Arriving to the front entrance of the Ho, I felt like I was an extra in a Brady Bunch vacation episode. This mid-century modern destination isn't contrived, but I genuinely felt as if I was transported to a different time period, while still maintaining 21st century amenities and luxury. From the welcome at the front desk to checking out and grabbing my luggage at the valet stand, my entire stay was five stars and I'm already planning my next trip to Scottsdale, just to spend it all at Valley Ho. Spacious rooms are hard to come by in boutique hotels, but not here. I was spread out all over my king suite with plenty of room to spare. The mood lighting in the bathroom actually persuaded me to take a bath (not normally a bath girl, here), and the lovely smelling toiletries caused me to hoard the little bottles each day so that housekeeping would be sure and replenish my stock (guilty!). The king bed itself was what a traveler's dreams are made of. Ample pillows, fluffy duvet, and a mattress made of clouds. But oh, that chaise lounge on my balcony overlooking the pool where I posted up with my laptop for a good two hours. Let's just say, if my work sessions weren't mandatory during my trip, no one would have been able to get me to leave my little oasis.
5	As if the name alone doesn't peak your interest, one step inside certainly will do the trick! You know there's an old saying: What happens at the Ho stays at the Ho. Well not really, but if there ever was such a saying it wouldn't apply in this case because I want everyone to know of this hotel's greatness. So where to start is the question. I'm not quite sure where to begin. Perhaps with the retro chic hotel room decor? Or the gigantic basin bathtub (with mood lighting) in the center of the room? Or perhaps their dog-friendly accommodations? How about the amazingly comfortable beds? Or the private patio for each lower-level room? Or the swanky pool area with a DJ and full bar? This hotel is a must-stay if you're in the Scottsdale area. And if you are lucky enough to live nearby, a staycation might be in order for some pool relaxation and the restaurant alone. Aside from their super hospitable service, they've also got a pretty reasonably-priced and pretty delicious menu. All around, this place is 5-star worthy. From service to ambiance, food and their unique rooms, the Ho isn't short on personality, comfort and style!
1	Normally I really love Valley Ho, I've had some great food there during the Chef Dinners. However, my boyfriend and I decided to get a room over the weekend for a romantic getaway after a stressful week. We were really excited about enjoying their amenities, and got a room with a beautiful garden view.Once we put our stuff down, and were about to start relaxing is when I pulled back the sheets and found COCKROACHES in the bed. Like, right on the pillow, as if it wanted me to crawl in and cuddle with it. I was horrified, and I couldn't believe my eyes. My boyfriend screamed, and we called the front desk. We needed to get out immediately.The woman at the front desk didn't seem very concerned about what we just found. "Oh, that's too bad. I'll send housekeeping up there." No apologies, no empathy, nothing. Several minutes later, a bellboy came to tell us that we'd be switching rooms, and he didn't apologize or say anything. He just gave us keys to the new room. He didn't help us with our bags or show us the way. When we got to our new room, it was in bad shape. The bed frame was a little torn up and the bathroom door wouldn't close all the way. It was also overlooking the loud pool party, and no privacy on the balcony like our room before. We were there to relax, not listen to Miley Cryus. To add insult to injury, there was no attempt to make amends, and we were shocked at Valley Ho's customer service. The Holiday Inn Express we stayed at recently was about 1,000 times more accommodating than this place.We were very frustrated to say the least, our romantic getaway was basically ruined, so my boyfriend called back to speak to the manager. He explained politely to them what we were visiting for and how upset we were. After a long deliberation, another man came to our door and gave us a giftcard worth $40. Valley Ho is quite expensive, so we were only able to get 3 cocktails out of it. Oh, and still no apologies. There are much nicer places to stay in the valley, and while this hotel has a cool vibe, I'll never stay there again. The customer service we received was absolutely terrible.
5	I loved every aspect of my recent stay at HVH! Is it weird that I had the Jetson's theme song stuck in my head most of the trip? From the moment you pull up, you feel like you're inside someone's idea of the future. From the mid-century furniture to the color palette, you're inside a Sirkian melodrama for sure. Until, that is, you arrive in your nicely appointed room and see the updated rooms with huge soaking tubs, glass showers, a veritable wall of mirrors and a nice flat screen. In my room, the patio doors opened onto a veranda with nice outdoor furniture, and provided a healthy dose of Scottsdale sunshine right inside my room. Well-stocked minibar and snacks, and a wonderful in-room dining menu rounded out a perfect stay. Every interaction I had with any member of the staff here was tops, and the pool areas are gorgeous. A lively outdoor patio bar scene made me feel like I was right in the middle of something really fun, and the in-room continental breakfast I had on my last morning was worth every penny.
5	This hotel gets it right.  It is clean, well-appointed, and the staff is amazing.  Loved the modernized retro theme.  My room was perfect.  The bed was comfy.  My pet peeve about hotels is the lack of attention to shower cleanliness.  There was no scum or mold in my shower.  :)  The restaurant staff is kind, and the food is super yummy.  I would stay here if I were to visit Scottsdale again.
4	Hey Valley Ho, you have lots of history and the largest balconies of any hotel in your class. I had a great stay, but what's with the bartenders in the lobby bar?  Three of them walked past me without acknowledging my presence. After several minutes (it seemed like forever) I enjoyed a wonderful Arizona craft beer on tap. Maybe I caught them on a bad night?
5	Oh Valley Ho, you make me swoon. Your valet and concierge are very professional and nice. I don't get called Mr. often, but when I do, it's at Valley Ho. They are super helpful and pleasant. They add to the paradise of staying at the Ho. The lounge area at the entrance is also very nice. There is an outdoor seating area where you can hang by a fire. I took advantage of this multiple times. Valley has an amazing little bar/lounge area that is pretty swanky. Great for staying up late and hanging out but still being a 3 minute walk from your hotel bed. Staying here was so relaxing and comforting. Valley Ho's rooms are the perfect balance of boutique-trendy and luxury. They are very spacious, clean, and relaxing. My room had a pretty awesome bathroom. There was a bathtub and a shower (that were separate). I managed to find time to hang out in that bathtub...well worth it. The entire bathroom is rounded off with clouded glass. You can turn on blue ambiance lighting that makes the bathroom glow--pretty classy. I can't wait to go back to Valley Ho!
4	What a pleasant surprise.  We had a great room overlooking the pool and near the water fountain giving us very nice ambiance at night.  The food in the restaurant was quite good and the service was as good as it gets.  Their exercise room was large and well equipped.   The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because I thought it was overpriced.  Even though we had a room in a nice location and the food was good, it was very expensive.  There are many other wonderful places  in Scottsdale for a lot less so you have to really want to stay here to justify the cost.
1	I am a business traveler, so I stay in many hotels annually.  This was the WORST hotel I've stayed in for years. First, the good part: The staff and the speed of room service were FABULOUS, and the little blue soap they give you is the nicest soap ever.  Bad parts:  Cigarette burns in the dirty furniture; towels that can double as sandpaper; filthy cottage cheese ceiling; mostly ugly "trying-too-hard" decor (although that's personal taste); MOLD in the shower stall; a bathroom tub in the middle of the floor with leaky pipes; toothpaste pre-splattered on the mirror; sloppy paint job over some exposed cinder blocks.Please note I got this room NOT by choice but through a last-minute reseller whose name is the opposite of "cold" plus the word "wire".  If I had paid more than a hundred twenty for it I would be livid.  Thank heavens I only had to stay there one night.When I arrived, a huge loud wedding party was going on.  I asked the front desk to put me in a room far away from them.  How could he have known they'd be having brunch right above my head at the opposite end of the hotel at 8 AM the next morning?And if you are also a single woman, the walk from the parking lot to your room will be long, dark and slightly scary. Ill lit. Confusing, even with a map.  So carry some pepper spray!Somebody wrote about the "Jetson's" theme.  Yep, that's exactly what it looks like, just as old and just as trying to be futuristic hip.
4	When I think of historic Scottsdale I think of the Hotel Valley Ho. This is a classic that has been updated to fit into the modern world. For those not from here, this hotel reminds me of the The Standard in Downtown LA.. Whether you come here for a stay during Spring Training, for drinks in the lobby bar or on the roof, or even for poolside yoga, this is a great place to visit. Great service and a cool vibe in a classic art-deco style building. Plus, its close enough to the bar district that if necessary, you could stumble back.All in all, the Valley Ho is a gem in the City of Scottsdale.
1	Update from Last Review: Customer Service at Valley Ho continues to astonish me. The staff is unable to own up to their shortcomings, and instead of correcting it, they blame the paying customer. I was planning on continuing to enjoy the bar and food from Valley Ho after having a bad night there, but after the arrogant responses from Jessie T, I plan on never coming back. Sorry Valley Ho, we're breaking up. For good.
4	Out of all the retro - but restored - throwback, boutique-ey hotels I've ever stayed at, Hotel Valley Ho is one of the cutest, more cozier stays. This mid-century modern hotel features rooms with open patios with direct access to the pool, Red Flower bath products, massive counter space in the restroom and the bedroom, a deep, plunging tub and shower (some, in the middle of the room http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hotel-valley-ho-scottsdale?select=-cUKl1xqRVx3dPcoDOQTAA#zwtvQtPIDeJ9ab2cZTLBXg) which is totes baller style, platform beds ... I was in heaven. To top it off, there are two pools, a spa, a restaurant/cafe, gym, bar, fire pits, and a few hotel activities, like Thursday night yoga at the pool hosted by Lululemon. (I partook in that and it was amazing.)
4	Atmosphere, service and cleanliness were all superb.  Breakfast at ZuZu was delicious.  We will be back for sure!
5	Absolutly great hotel. I'm from nearby Tempe and I still stay here a few times a year. I get the suite with the tub and me and my girl have a great staycation. Summer time is my favorite. Pool is average. Best part is that its considered a adult hotel. No effen screaming kids in the pool. I highly recommend this hotel
5	(This review is not of the actual Hotel, but the New years Eve event they hosted)An encomium to Valley Ho. OK, so it was New Years Eve and I found myself at the Hotel Valley Ho, and I thought it was amazing. People was super nicely dressed (statistically, there's always a few douchy outliers) and looking hot. This was the little older Scottsdale crowd that is OK with a $100 ticket to get in (includes open bar) and they act the part. People were very friendly, and stayed classy (yet again this is an average) throughout the night until the wee hours - when the elegance of the behaved has announced their retreat, and leave room for the belligerent fools as it should be.Ambiance.Very classy event Valley Ho - very classy indeed. Makes me want to come for the other events like Halloween and.. I don't know, but this will stay on my mind for a while. But what made my whole evening was the ambiance, that cut through the forced swanky wannabe-wealthy, and really gave room for an experience that felt exclusive, chic and smart. Eats&Drinks.Did I mention open bar? With that said one would expect lines, but there was no long wait for anything. I really enjoyed it. There was food too, but I didn't partake in that at all. Ohyeah, another thing of the open bar.. decent liquor choices as well such as Ketel1 and Bombay Sapphire. One cannot complain here. Not one bit. Improvements.(?) Well, the photographers they had could have covered the backdrop for an hour or two, that would been really cool. But I guess asking the people lounging around to take pictures of yourself works too.. just not as well.In conclusion, I thoroughly enjoyed the whole shenanigan.. and I will frequent your hotel again.Stay classy Valley Ho.
5	Best place to stay in Scottsdale.  Great staff, wonderful facilities, close to it all.
1	DISHONEST STAFF & TWO SEPARATE BUNGLED HOTEL EXPERIENCESThis was our second visit here as the staff bungled the first visit in July so horribly bad that we were offered to come back and stay again. Actually that's not really correct either as when we first stayed there we checked out after only being there for 2 1/2 hours and had paid and not been reimbursed. No call back from management. They sent an e-mail bot "how was your stay?" only THEN a manager calls. I told him (Robert) my wife wouldn't be interested in returning. He pleaded and said that he would personally assure a wonderful experience.When I called to book, Robert did not return 3 calls that I had made requesting the room. Yes 3 calls. I then called the front desk asked the gal to book a room with the voucher tells me she has a room with two beds. I said that doesn't work for my wife and I. She then tells me one king is available but for like $35.00 more. So yes there was one available, they just want to extort some extra $. So I'm thinking, "This place screwed up badly, begged us to come back and then wants to nickel and dime me for a king bed," On that note, integrity is very important to me and this hotel has a dishonest staff.  If one thing happens, well meh. 2 things happen its alarming. 3 and 4 things happen, well, I'm pissed off. The pool bartender was nice. I was given 3 rounds of drinks while seated there and he only charged for 1. Yea, I hear folks screaming, "What are you complaining about?" Well, it's dishonest and it's stealing. I don't like thieves and didn't ask for free drinks nor did I expect them. I never walk in to Macy's to buy a shirt and expect the clerk to give me a tie and belt for free do I? This experience really sucks because I really really wanted to like this place as I have a liking to mid-century kitschy cool design and this place fits that bill. Rooms are retro-eclectic and nice. I hurt my back prior to coming here and was rather annoyed that no one told us that there were no elevators so I had to lug luggage up stairs which irritated me. I understand it's an older building but staff should have said something prior. It is a LONG HAUL  from your room to go get ice. I also went to the restaurant to ask for a spoon as my wife had some Ben & Jerrys and the server was rude. Otherwise we checked out without incidence - I thought. My wife comes to me a couple days later and asks me what the $50.00 charge was. So I call the hotel to inquire Kristen told me I was charged for a bottle of Belvedere Vodka. I assured her that we did not drink it. She said it would be refunded. I told her I was disturbed that I was charged for this without asking and asked why and she said, "Well obviously...somebody as in our minibar department went into your room or it was just a mistaken room number ...or anything could have happened. But we'll get it sorted out for you." I said, "OK Please do" and guessed that was the end of it.  I also wasn't very satisfied with the "anything could have happened" explanation. To me this is quite sneaky to charge a customer's credit card in this fashion without consent and explanation. It's not like they don't have my e-mail and/or phone number to inform me of the charge. That's dishonest. My guess would also be an integrity issue again with the Hotel Valley Ho staff for missing liquor. I was never reimbursed.  I call back AGAIN 3 weeks later and Brian said that he would take my name and number and call me back with information. The same Brian called me back a half hour later and abruptly asked, "What was the issue?" and in a somewhat curt tone. I explained the situation again and told him the charges were supposed to be reversed and weren't. He then said in a snarky fashion, "Fine, if you didn't take it home with you then I'll reimburse it to your Visa." At this point I'm really angry as he said it in tone implying that I might be lying about it. Nice way to treat your customers. Well, guess what? Yea, Brian never reversed the charges. Twice they said they would reverse the charges and didn't; feels really dishonest at this point. It's only $50 bucks but to me it's the principle of the continued dishonesty and then having to spend 20 minutes more on the phone with my bank filing a "charge dispute" was time consuming and once again irritating. I have much better things to do then waste time with the Hotel Valley Ho's bungling.
1	This response from the hotel is a joke. It's just full of pathetic excuses and it's laughable that so many things went wrong at this hotel that have NEVER happened at the hundreds of hotels I have previously stayed at. I'm done wasting my time with these jokers.  I am VERY happy to say that my brother's friend was going to book his wedding at Hotel Valley Ho (they are inviting over 100 people) but I easily talked him out of it after telling him about the horrific "customer service" we encountered.
4	We really enjoyed our 3-night stay here during the weekend of the PGA golf tournament. The rooms were expensive but we didn't know that it was the golf weekend - we were there for a girls weekend. Bummer that it wasn't warmer, but all the staff we encountered here, particularly the front desk and valet, were really great.  The bartender and waitress in the restaurant, not super great. The beds were not the most comfortable, but we really liked our basic room, cleanliness and the food at the restaurant. We had a dinner and breakfast at ZuZu and both were very good.Also noteworthy, was Judy at the activities/concierge desk. She was very helpful and nice. Small touches like being delivered ice water at the pool and free bottled water from the valet make you feel like they are not nickle-and-dimeing you every step of the way. They also had some good deals on spa services but unfortunately our schedule didn't allow us to get in. But the staff there was very nice also. I'd definitely stay here again. One more thing... I feel like I want to mention again how great the valet staff was. They really stood out for me. They were always friendly and seemed willing to go out of their way to be personable and helpful, without being stuffy.
1	Went there for a wedding and we were not allowed to celebrate after to ceremony. Over $30K spent with such poor treatment. Do not go here, especially with any events.
1	The Valley Ho only got a star because the Bell Staff and wait staff were over and beyond. Besides that they should be embarrassed. Let me start off by saying, we were there to celebrate a wedding. They spent $20K plus on a wedding that was completely disorganized and they should be ashamed at how many people they pissed off from the lack of caring on certain issues to the hypersensitive on things that shouldn't even matter. Suggestion, if you are wanting to have a good time at all in Scottsdale don't count on the Ho. We were gonna have some drinks after the wedding at 10p in our room with some of the guests since we got the Tower Suite with has a full kitchen and lots of sitting room and such. Well before we even got to our room we got a complaint, says the report the next day, I don't know how that can happen when no one is in the room. Hmm, oh maybe it was the bachelor party that was going on down the hallway that was in no connection with us. So when security made it up to the room the "2nd" time we had one more chance or the cops we getting called.  So we get everyone but 2 people down stairs, those 2 people were sleeping, so there was no noise, and here comes security again saying we are being loud. That is when we got super pissed. Everyone is downstairs but two people sleeping, how is this loud. Words were exchanged and we all went downstairs. My boyfriend then tries to talk to hotel management about the situation and they don't wanna hear it. There is a "no party" clause that we were told about?!?  First off, we didn't know about that & secondly when did the Ho become a place you can't part at? At the end of the day, save you money and don't give the Ho. Just Uber home and sleep in your own bed...Jesse... We were at no point during our stay told about the no partying clause until after security came. At check in all there was was the passing off of the keys to the room and that's it. We understand that you are a hotel. But let it be known that a place that offers vodka sodas by the pitcher and is known as the "party" hotel by all AZ natives, maybe you should reassess your image.  Secondly, you should give second thoughts to whom you have in place as your wedding planner. There were multiple complaints. This is not the first wedding disaster I have heard about that has happened at your establishment.
1	If you are looking to party with friends, I'm confident you will be better staying somewhere besides this place.   They have a strict "no more than 2 people" in any room so if you have friends over for a drink, forget about it.   They sent 3 "management" people to ask 4 people in a room to disperse at 10:00 pm.   They had absolutely zero tact and I cannot believe the rude skills these people possessed.   Save your money and go elsewhere!
1	Ladies and Gentle PLEASE don't waste your time here..ROTTEN service and pretentious staff at the lobby bar.   I don't mind paying higher prices for good service and atmosphere, I refuse to do that with a bartender and staff that refuse to acknowledge and service the customer in a courteous manner.I waited 15 minutes to be acknowledged by the bartender then he just looked at us and went down to the end of the bar and started cleaning glasses.  Valley HOLE is off my lists of places to go and take guests and coworkers!
1	The only reason I'm even giving one star is for the excellent Bell desk staff and the solid bartenders who worked the wedding reception.  The pool staff was very friendly as well.  They understand taking care of people.  It's unfortunate that the "management team", front desk and security staff need some remedial courses on how to treat guests.A couple examples of how the wedding day started.  The maid of honor went to the trouble the afternoon before to confirm if we could check in earlier than 4:00PM for the bride's suite and the two story tower suite we had reserved.  The wedding was to start at 4:00 PM, so a number of us planned on arriving at the Valley Ho to enjoy some lunch at the property for a couple of hours and then get ready for the wedding.  They didn't have the bridal suite ready, so they put the bride and bridal party in one of the smallest resort rooms I've ever been in.  Mistake 1. We show up a little before 1:00PM and are told, sorry the tower suite isn't ready, and we'll expedite its cleanup. OK, so literally over two hours later, around 3:00 they finally have the room ready.  Keep in mind we have a wedding that starts in less than an hour now.  Ridiculous. Mistake 2.I'm not going to beat a dead horse on what ensued the rest of the evening, up to and including security chomping at the bit to throw us out, and seemingly disappointed that I had cleared out the room per their earlier request, when they returned a second time. I'm *sure* the crack security team didn't confuse us with the raging bachelorette party going on three doors down from our room. You can read through other guest's feedback if you'd like more of the gory details.I was pretty excited to stay at a place that has been a part of Scottsdale history.  I was looking forward to a great weekend.  Despite the management and security team's best efforts to be a wet blanket, the wedding still happened and we're all glad for that.I suspect if you want a nice, quiet weekend experience alone or with one other person, in a mid-century motif property, that the Ho will be a nice fit.  Just make sure you're tucked in by 9:00PM.If you want to have any kind of an event or group function here, I would certainly look at the many other options the valley has to offer.Jessie T., save your canned response.  If you have something original and meaningful to say, by all means.
5	Got more than what I asked for from the Valley Ho. Came for a weekend to enjoy Giants spring training and a bachelor party. The suite we had provided ample space and supplies for a preparty in the hotel room. The pool was nice everyday, and the staff was incredibly friendly. The hotel was centrally located in the middle of scottsdale. So we were a quick golf cart ride away from any bar or restaurant we wanted to visit. We were also walking distance from Scottsdale stadium. The bell staff was incredibly helpful and the housekeeping was extremely efficient.The room service was awesome. We got back from being at the bars all night and essentially ordered everything on the menu. Everyone liked their meal. I had the burger and a side of sweet potato fries and both were excellent. 5 stars for the valley ho
5	Stayed at the Valley Ho to attend Giants spring training games and we had a great time!  Highly recommend the hotel and staff.  The hotel is located nearby Main Street where you can walk to all the restaurants in a very safe area of Scottsdale.  You have to check in with the Ace the Concierge - she knows exactly what you should see and where you should go!  Will definitely go back!!
4	I stayed at this place for my brother's bachelor party weekend and it was a great alternative to Vegas. The pool area was beautiful and wasn't crawling with douchebags. Other guests nextdoor and by the pool were very nice. The rooms were clean and had spacious balconies. I wasn't a fan of the bathroom setup, though. There wasn't a door to the bathroom or the toilet, just 2 sliders, which didn't allow for much privacy. I can't speak for every room layout, though, because it seemed that there were other room layouts that may have had better features (the room across the courtyard from us has a jacuzzi in the middle of the room ... So jealous). The decor is a little retro. There's a lot of turquoise and orange, plus some interesting landscaping choices outside. One of our guys cut his toe open pretty badly on one of the many little metal rods that jutted out from the sidewalls that line the walkways. Beautiful palm trees and orange chaises make you almost feel like you were in Miami for a moment. The hotel had golf cart services, which was a nice feature all around Scottsdale, allowing us to get quick rides to and from Whiskey Row and restaurants nearby. Location was a key factor at the Valley Ho. We were able to walk to the bars without it being an inconvenience, and it was right next to a Circle K for basic necessities. Overall, I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a good time during spring break, but I wouldn't recommend it to families. It's a perfect place for the mid-twenties to late thirties crowd who want to enjoy themselves, hear some good music throughout the night, and see some great scenery.
5	As a frequent traveler, I couldn't stand to see the inside of one more mid-level Marriot/Hilton hotel.  Valley Ho is a perfect breakaway.  Two blocks from quaint downtown Scottsdale, it bridges all of the gaps between business travelers, young folks looking to party, and the family on vacation.  I will most definitely be back.
5	Great location (walking distance to downtown restaurants).  Great midcentury decor and ambiance!  Beautiful landscaped grounds.  The restaurant had consistently excellent food and service.  Two pools: One for "partying" and a beautiful "serenity pool" away from the noise.  Rooms are beautifully appointed, clean.  Also pet friendly. Great hotel for an extended vacation, you feel like you are in a very special place!
5	We recently stayed there as a large group for our wedding. All of our guests loved the atmosphere and there stay. I was very impressed with the staff and the service we received the entire weekend. From the beginning with the planning with there corporate members for a Large room block, to booking a shuttle,  to checking in and out they where amazing. I also recommend the spa , Karen was my therapist and I can say it was one of the best massages I have ever had.  Perfect location especially for our out of town people and over all a great stay!
4	We stayed here for a couple of nights and I was very impressed. This hotel has great style and they take it back old school with revamped midcentury modern furnishings. The rooms were nice and we loved the huge tub in the room--but this would be a little awkward if you are sharing a room with someone you are not too comfortable with because there is only a curtain separating the room and the bathroom. However, you could book a different room with more privacy. The balcony/patio is great as well which overlooks the pristine grounds which at times felt a little like Hawaii.. I will say the customer service is also the best we have experienced in a long time. Everyone is so friendly --it was wonderful! I would definitely book this hotel again. Oh and the scent they use after they clean your room is the best!
5	How many times have I passed this place and thought that it looked intriguing, but never took the time to step inside. Well, today I had the opportunity to step through the wonderful glass doors and into this mid-century world.  It was like stepping into another reality, but yet it felt so welcoming and comfortable. There is absolutely nothing dark and gloomy and old about this place. Yes, it has history . . . but with flare!As I walked around the hotel and grounds it was so obvious that "attention to detail" was the primary theme. And done so well. Stark colors, but yet they all fit and surround you with comfortable memories of a time we do not want to lose.Hotel Valley Ho is a destination; not just a place to stay. Book a tour with Ace Bailey . . . HVH's "ace" history tour guide. She is a wealth of knowledge. Recommendation:   Put this Local gem on your Bucket List. And near the top. You do not want to miss this opportunity. I so want to go back and try the amenities that I didn't have time for this trip . . . . how about next weekend? Dinner at ZuZu?  A drink at the "O" pool? A day at the Spa? Or let's get one of the suites and stay awhile?
4	The Valley Ho had this incredible 'retro' vibe to it. Upon entering the lobby, we were greeted with the Beach Boys playing in the back ground and vintage chic furniture (with a modern twist). I had rented out the Tower Suite for my best friend's bachelorette party, and was extremely impressed with 1) the full kitchen 2) the size of the bathroom 3) the overall well-appointed room. We were also treated to a complimentary cheese and fruit plate (thank you, Valley Ho)! Very welcoming. I was a HUGEEEEEEEEE fan of the toiletries. the Red Flower Elder Berry scent was RIDICULOUS! Friends of ours had a double room in an older wing of the hotel, and it was a bit dated with concrete brick walls. If you're looking for something more modern, book your stay in the tower! I am in training for a competition, and had a need to work out twice a day. I was concerned that I would have to find a nearby gym in-order to do so. That was until I visited the hotel gym. The Valley Ho stakes claim to the BEST hotel gym I have been to, to-date. Pure awesome! There was a yoga room, numerous cardio machines, free weights, kettle bells, machines, and a smith machine! The pool area was very cute with the Tiffany blue lounges and yellow towels. My party was excited about the poolside menu's offering of mixed drink pitchers. I would say that I am more of a W girl, but was very pleased with my stay at this hotel. The retro feel may not appeal to everyone, but it made for a relaxing weekend away from California.
5	The Valley Ho is an experience.  A friend and I stayed here a few weeks ago, and I could not have been happier with our stay.  Our room was clean, had a feel that was a mixture between vintage and modern, and I loved the balcony that was attached to the room.  Our room was facing the pool, which made it convenient for the pool party on Saturday, as well.  The pool party added an extra dimension of fun to the hotel.  There was music, drinking, and mingling by the pool, and my friends and I were able to hang out and have a good time.  They have buckets of beer for $16, but all the rest of the pool drinks seemed pricey.  And while two guests are free for each room, every other guest is $25 dollars.  Depending how much you want to drink, the prices can definitely add up.  I would stay here again, but only if I'm able to spend a day hanging out by the pool/enjoying the hotel.  There are cheaper options in the area if you're only planning on sleeping at a hotel.
5	As a business traveler, I find the "cookie cutter" hotels can get old fast.  So, it was a delight to stay at Hotel Valley Ho!  The original mid-century architecture, combined with modern renovations and amenities, makes the Valley Ho unique.  The grounds are green and lush - an oasis in the desert.  Rooms are really large and very retro - even had martini glasses and a shaker!  I had breakfast outdoors twice, and the food was terrific. The pool areas are very relaxing with plenty of cozy outdoor furniture. The staff was welcoming and helpful. I'll go back for sure!
5	The reason I'm writing an update to this review is now I've experienced a the workout room and the king suite. If you have the opportunity to get a king suite, just do it. Huge closets, full kitchen, giant patio, & a washer and dryer are some of the reasons you definitely need to splurge.
4	Pretty funky hotel! Very happy to stay here for work as I was able to enjoy the big, cozy and chic room, plus the various amenities onsite during my off time.There's a great spa, a cute bar/restaurant and not just one, but two fantastic swimming pools!There were minor noise issues in my room in the very middle of the night, but the folks at the front desk were extremely polite when I called in at 3am to let them know that there was considerable noise coming from the room above me. Even with earplugs I wear for travel I could hear what sounded like furniture being dragged across the floor. Though one has to expect some level of noise in hotels when traveling, I appreciated that my call was taken seriously and that they hopped into action to investigate asap.Everything from the linens to the soaps and the huge soaker tub made my stay absolutely awesome. The grounds were kept neat, the hallways were clean, and my room was spotless.Huge bonus points for: A full length mirror, a bathrobe, a blowdryer, and free WIFI. When traveling these are things I look for first in a hotel and Valley Ho came through and knocked it out of the park. Of all of the hotels I've stayed in on various trips to PHX, this is hands down the one I'll recommend to friends and keep at the top of my list.
3	Hung out at the pool in a cabana... I love the day but my waitress did not bring me my change when I paid my first tab in cash... BIG MISTAKE seeing as I never said to keep it... a huge pet peeve and something that should never be assumed.I hope this is not representative of the wait-staff as I love the brunch at Zuzu and would love to return to the pool for a relaxing day! (tip - reserve it on a Sunday)
5	Such a cool property, tucked in the middle of Scottsdale.  It is amazing how they have preserved the mid-century modern feel, yet made it modern and comfortable for guests.  The staff is extremely helpful and nice.  Great people watching at the pool on Saturdays.
5	I love it when a hotel transports you to somewhere else within its walls regardless if you're in the city, out in the country, or in the arid, dry climate that is Arizona.Hotel Valley Ho is 1960s-esque, mod vibe without being Austin Powers about it. I loved waiting in the reception area for our crew, feeling oh so hip in front of the fireplace.The room...amazing. I felt like a mermaid princess. Why a mermaid? The color palette was blues and greens with a deep bathtub just for me! So much counter space for my myriad of products 'cause this girl DOES NOT travel light in the toiletries department. I had an amazing view of the larger pool on my private patio.The grounds...like I mentioned, an oasis in this arid climate. Flowers everywhere attracting hummingbirds, no joke! Saw it with my own eyes. Two amazing pools. One for more of a scene crowd with tons of seating, cornhole to play, and just sparkling. The other pool is more to yourself and for laps but at night I saw a serious light show that I wish I could've captured!I didn't get to try the spa or workout area, but did enjoy ZuZu, need to review* Though they had great amenities and services within the hotel, it was fairly easy to get out and enjoy Scottsdale walking or short cab rides.Staff was amazing, and I would love to go back!
5	BIG FAN!  My first experience in Scottsdale. First day pool party was off the hook :)  People were sooooo nice and very welcoming.  The service was great.  I did order room service and it arrived late so they didn't charge me for it.  Thank you for a fabulous time.  I recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a good time.  The ambiance is a throwback to the 70's...super fun!
5	Stayed here for the first time over Memorial Day weekend for my birthday. Love the swanky vibes of the place. The staff was was nice and willing to help with whatever we needed. Would definitely recommend this hotel to others.
5	Had a fabulous stay ! Beautiful scenery, adult atmosphere , clean big room ! Fast room service. Outside my room was a relaxing garden area. Also a quite pool area for those who really want to relax .
5	Me and my girlfriends did a stay cation here over Memorial Day weekend and had a blast!  We took advantage of the Sunday Spa special for $99 dollars. What aGREAT deal but even better was the quality of the service at this spa. This is A MUST go spa!  I thought I got lucky to have such a good massage therapist, which doesn't happen so often at resort, but when me and the girls met for our "complimentary" champagne in the lounge everyone RAVED about the skill set of their therapist. This was THE BEST massage I have ever received!  You must ask for Wesley or Whisley ( not 100% on the name) but really, it sounds like all of them are top notch. I was impressed and we will be back soon to experience this amazing spa again. I would have never guessed for Valley Ho to have such a great spa, but they knock it out of the park in this area!
5	I LOVE THIS OASIS! It is like a paradise in the desert!As a native to the valley, I've often heard of the Valley Ho, but never stayed there. I joined a modern architecture group that holds events here annually and decided to stay after this year's event. The staff is amazing, kind and welcoming, but also very quiet! The valet service was so great and friendly. And the hotel itself is worth just experiencing. The minute you drive under the signature neon sign you are greeted with a friendly wave by the valet and instantly transported to another world. Once you walk into the lobby you can see the guests lounging and hanging out, it's never empty, but never overwhelming. You feel like you're going to run into a friend and have the time of your life.As you're guided to your room by the bell boy, he gives you a brief history of the hotel, explaining the modern architecture and the spirit of the Valley Ho. This hotel honors an era long past and keeps that spirit alive and well. We highly recommend this experience! And cannot wait until our next stay!
5	Stayed here over the weekend and it was fantastic! The pool is fun, the rooms are cute, and the best part is there are NO KIDS! So if you want to have fun without kids around this is the place.
1	Overall very unhappy with the experience here.The hotel overall was nice enough, the room size and cleanliness were great, the outdoor decor is very dated but I guess it works.  The pool scene was fun Saturday and relaxing Sunday. Now, the overwhelming negative: I booked a room for 4 (2 couples) on hotels.com for two nights totaling roughly $360.  We were traveling from DC and stayed in a different hotel for the first two night of our trip.  (Side note: that first hotel charged EXACTLY what I was quoted and pre-paid prior to our stay.)  The website asked only for my name when I booked, as I only used my credit card info.  Upon arriving to Valley Ho the receptionist asked for "any names of people who might be staying with me who may need assistance during the stay."  Uh, sure, I'm obviously standing there with 3 other people--here are their names.  As soon as I provide 3 names the receptionist informs me that there will be a $25 charge per "extra" person per night--so $150 total.  Are you kidding me???  I booked a room for 4--it's 2 double beds--no one is "extra"!  This was almost a 50% up charge from what I was quoted online which is RIDICULOUS!  Add to that a $13-something per day car parking charge and you've got a total ripoff that would ruin anyone's impression of this place.Oh, there's more.  We went to the pool both days and ran a tab, which we soon discovered included fraudulent charges!  Whether other people gave our name to steal drinks or the bartender intentionally ran it up--it's completely unacceptable.  I realize it gets busy at the pool bar and that the cocktail waiters coming around have lots of customers, but if we drank buckets of beer all day and there are separate margaritas on our tab that weren't ours we shouldn't have to pay for them!  Despite loving Scottsdale we won't be back to this hotel.  It wasn't our first stay here but it was just an awful experience due to billing issues and it'll be our last.
5	Just checked out of the Valley Ho and didn't realize how the environment and decor took me out of Phoenix! The vibe at this place is so chill and laid back! The hotel was built in the late 1950's and was beautifully refurbished. It has a very Mad Men feel but a lot of the furnishings are more current so it rarely felt theme-y. The landscaping is very lush and tropical, lots of birds of paradise, hibiscus and palm trees. I'm a local and booked the same day through Hotels Tonight and for just a little over a hundred bucks got a SWEET pool view room! The furnishings are very mid century modern, of course, but opening the curtains to the private patio complete with a chaise lounge with room for two to cuddle up on was just awesome. They have great deep bathtubs and glowing blue mood lighting in the room. The pools weren't too busy into the evening so it was private enough to swim and have some moments with the boyfriend. I had a chance to check out their restaurant, Cafe Zuzu, when we had dinner with some friends. I highly recommend the slow roasted pork ribs, they were so tender, served with very smooth and simple buttery grits. The location is great, a little set back from Scottsdale road but very easy to walk to the bars and shops in Old Town, and if even Fashion Square if you're so inclined. I'll definitely be paying a return visit or four!
4	I really love this hotel! Here's why:Local- How rare is it to find a local hotel in your area? Okay well in AZ it's somewhat rare and this one is LOCAL and it's fantastic. Usually those two items don't go together.Design- I love the retro vibe of the design. It's like stepping back in time but in the best way. It makes me want to wear cat-eye glasses and drink vintage cocktails. I love it! Bath Products- Yes, I know. How tacky am I that I'm even bringing this up but c'mon; we all secretly judge hotels by the quality of what they have in the bathroom. These Icelandic wonder potions smell amazing! AND the soap is a sphere. Holy shit! Nothing gives me more satisfaction than rolling that around in my hands as I wash them (it's the small things in life, really). Honestly, when I stayed here with a friend for my birthday we literally had the same fond memory "SOAP BALLS!" We recalled, affectionately. Customer Service- Every employee I've ever talked to is nice and upbeat. I like that, especially being a local that stays here for fun every now and again. The pool- Is awesome. Both of them (I just remembered there are two; one has a cool fountain and the other I've actually sat by). I love lounging out there and just checking out from life for awhile. Man- I need a staycation!
5	If ELVIS were alive he would LOVE the Valley Ho Hotel! Probably just as much as I do.  This is the ONLY hotel I stay at when I come to ARIZONA.
4	I have to say even with its few minor faults - I absolutely LOVE this hotel!!!! My boyfriend and I stayed in a lovely big suite for my birthday last August (we even brought our dogs!!) - the room was AMAZING !!!! So fun!!! Down side being:The food isn't exceptional (they don't really cater to my food allergies) and over all the bar staff /drinks are just 'meh' 'ok' !! The location is great (close to old town etc)The decor/ style/ ambiance of the hotel is my favorite!! ...I kind of feel like I am in an episode of 'Mad Men' lol !!! Recommend !!!
5	Perfect stay. Desk staff, restaurant and spa staff are all amazing, really friendly, helpful and accommodating, and seem to genuinely want you to be happy. Delicious food at ZuZu. Pool scene is fun and happy, even in sweltering July heat. Complimentary Red Flower soap, lotion, bath gel, shampoo and conditioner are fantastic. Don't hesitate to book this place.
4	LOVE this hotel! From location, beautiful rooms, amenities, decor and ambiance, to service and comfort. Walking distance to countless restaurants, shops and galleries. A few minutes drive from the nightlife district. Friendly staff, decent food at the restaurant, great gym and of course the pool! Not super busy when we went in July 2014 but that might be the season - so if you're looking for an everyday party place in the summer, this is not it (not sure about other times of the year). But if you're looking for a great hotel to relax in, this is it!
5	I returned to this gem to meet a friend for lunch at the ZuZu Restaurant.  We met a little after the normal lunch hour, so we were lucky enough to have a relatively quiet meal and to could catch up on what we both have been doing. She's an artist, I'm a writer, so our paths only cross when we can find time from our busy schedules to make it happen. We like to find places to meet where we will be inspired. Hotel Valley Ho is definitely one of those little spots of inspiration in our valley.We, of course, took the tour with Ace Bailey again. My friend had never been to the Hotel Valley Ho, although she is a long time resident of the Phoenix area. Like so many others, who don't even know this gem exists. History always inspires. This was my second tour (and probably not my last!) and I learned and saw nooks and crannies that I missed the first time around. Was I inspired? You bet! I have a short story brewing in my head. Setting? The Hotel Valley Ho, of course.I know every city has their little islands of history and inspiration . . . but I am sure none that will take you back to a place and time in history like the Hotel Valley Ho does! Do not pass up this opportunity to be inspired!
3	Pretty decent hotel. Rooms are decent, lap pool was good, staff was pretty friendly. But for me the devils in the details.They really need to rethink their parking situation.  They charge $15/day $17 when you add the parking tac in.  I stayed 4 nights so that's 60 dollars.  In a part of a city where parking isn't a premium it's a superfluous charge. There needs to be an option for self park. I was out in the morning and in at night and then typically back out for dinner. So that's about 3x a day. Normally if it was complimentary valet or one-time I'd tip 5$ per in/out.  Which is an additional $15 / day. So $120 to park over 4 days is absurd.  Since I was paying $15/day to park I didn't tip.  I felt a little bad because I wanted to but I was already paying $15 / day in a situation where I didn't think it was warranted.  Felt almost like extortion, given there was no other nearby option.Ok, part two. They only supplied comforters as sheets.  I had to ask for a top sheet for my room. There are two issues with this.1. Typically Duvets are made of a rougher material (less thread count) than sheets. So it's not as nice against your skin.  2. Secondly, AZ is hot and in hot places people need more ways to accommodate various levels of body temperatures. Like only sleeping with a lighter top sheet.  In this instance you don't get that option.  You either have the comforter on/off or half off, etc.  Having the top sheet would allow people to have more finer control over their sleeping temperature regulation.As I said those, these are minor, but are also easy to improve on.
2	My old man and I booked a staycation here, and it was OK, but there were some things that could have been improved.The good:-The room looked great! Sweet decor, nice bathroom, cool lighting, very clean.-Room price was reasonable-Walking distance to breakfast/cafes/fun stuff to doThe not so good:-They nickel-and-dime you for everything. Some hotels at this price range will give you a couple of free bottles of water in your room, but this place puts in a couple that cost $4 if you drink them.-The overnight parking fee is extortion. There's no other option. And who is going to stay here without a car? Phoenix/Scottsdale is not that kind of place. Plus you have to have a valet get it for you every single time you want to leave. There's no self-park option.-The pool seems like it is designed to be a party destination for drunk frat boys. It is crowded with drunk people behaving obnoxiously all afternoon, plus there's a DJ blasting loud music all day. That's great if you're that type of person, but if you want to enjoy a nap in your room, or go for a relaxing swim, forget it. The pool was nice at night, though.-We even had paramedics taking a very ill person out of a party in a room near ours one night - probably drank himself to near death. That's the sort of guest you can expect to encounter here.I can't complain too much, because I suppose the hotel is not aimed at customers like us, but we chose to stay there anyway. Definitely going to choose something else next time.
1	Let me start with the good parts:Nanci from the pool was great, some of the best service I have EVER gotten.  Lindsay from the restaurant was awesome.  Even though I spilled my champagne Lindsay still, with a smile got me another one faster than the first.  The bellman Mike was awesome and accommodating.  Everything we needed he got within an instant.  Here is why it's unlikely I will ever be back:The hotel had a lavish perception but cheap approach.  They claim to be "pet friendly" but watch out, if your dog barks because of insanely out of control noise in the hallway between other rooms then you're going to get multiple calls at breakfast, lunch and dinner.  Not only that, they actually told me to come back to my room and try to calm them down.  Fine, we did this a few times.  The first time they were barking was because of housekeeping going up and down the hallway with those noisy carts that sound like a tornados approaching.  The next few times I got a call was because of the bigots between rooms on each side of mine making noise in the hallway as they left the doors to two different rooms wide open.  They were screaming, laughing, joking and cussing like a bunch of high school kids.  Naturally my dogs would react to this level of noise by barking.  I call them bigots because we heard and saw the rhetoric when me and my friends were all hanging in the cabana most of the day, they were making comments, and some of them even stopped everything, turned towards my cabana and just looked like they have never seen two men give each other the slightest bit of affection ever.  Later that night I'm getting calls at dinner because of a "noise complaint" from the dogs.  They didn't even BOTHER to go to my room to see on each side of the room was the real noise CAUSING them to bark.   My disappointment is stemmed from the blatant disregard this hotel had in investigating the matter before calling me multiple times, interrupting my meals and really putting a damper on my ability to enjoy this place.  I won't be back since it emanates bigotry and that seems to be why the "complaints" about my dogs even started.  If someone has a problem with our lifestyle well that's just too bad.  If the hotel won't do more to promote tolerance and diversity, then guess what, this is the kind of irrefutable madness people can and will do to kill a good time.  Hotel Valley Ho is on my blacklist and it would really take a lot of convincing to even re-consider it again in the future.
4	We stayed here for Labor Day weekend. Overall it was great experience. The architecture and the room layout was very nice, it felt like Don Draper from Mad Men was staying in the next door :) The grounds of Valley Ho are  green and nicely landscaped.  My favorite part was the fact that it's a pet friendly hotel (they even give you a food bowl and doggie bags- nice touch) so we could bring our pup with us which was awesome. We also enjoyed 2 pools and the restaurant which had great breakfast and drinks. It is located in a walking distance from all the shops and galleries and within a short drive from the mall, so it hits a variety of point. The staff was friendly as well. I would come back here and recommend it. The only thing I would've changed is make the in room water bottles free, everything else was good.
5	Outstanding from the minute I walked in to the minute I left. Entire staff friendly..Rooms was large and I loved the 60s decor. I had a pool view on 5th floor and it wasnt until I opened my balcony door that I noticed the poolside dj..great soundproofing..had the mussels and grilled cheese that were both really good..Especially lived the barstaff. They created such a welcoming atmosphere that it brought the bar patrons together. .altough I went there alone, I felt like I was hanging out with a group of long lost friends..great proximity to Old Town shopping and eats..also loved the hair and skin products...cant wait to go back...
5	(This review is based on an informal walking tour of the property.  I did not spend the night or rent a hotel room.)If you are a fan of the 50's, Frank Sinatra or George Jetson, Scottsdale has a hidden jewel for you.  While visiting the region a friend told me that he wanted to visit a hotel he had heard of.  Soon we were pulling up to valet and leaving the 21st century to venture back to a bygone era.Hotel Valley Ho is a boutique hotel that made me remember my childhood.  From the furniture to the brick sided walls (with no windows on the entry side) it was a nostalgic walking tour that is sure to bring a smile to your face if you're over 40.  Located within walking distance of the myriad of Scottsdale shops it's a great location if you're looking for a hotel in the area. The property is pristine, clean and well taken care of.  What makes it different is the 1950's architecture that starts with the actual buildings and pervades every aspect of the hotel from the pool furniture, fireplaces, light fixtures to the art work and landscaping.  However, it's incorrect to get the impression that the property smells of forty year old cigars.  Everything is new and clean with modern tech and proper lighting.  I have included over 15 photos from my visit.If you're tired of the Holiday Inn Express experience and looking for something different, definitely give the Valley Ho a shot.  I plan on staying here in the future and will update my review to reflect the actual accommodations.
3	Cafe Zu Zu is overpriced, but the breakfast and dinner food was amazing and they give free breakfast bread consisting of scones and muffins- nice touch. The spa was lack luster, but the therapist was wonderful. I would highly recommend Karen, she knows her stuff. Not the place to go for ambiance or spa "extras."  The hotel room was cool, loved the tub in the middle of the room, very vintage and unique.That's all the good- here goes the bad: -my underage daughter was served alcohol at the pool and R.J. the worst hotel manager ever told me it was not the hotels responsibility because the liquor was distributed by a third party vendor. He took no responsibility what-so-ever. -the staff stalked my underage daughter and her friends flirting and asking what room they are staying in and asking for their phone number. Again, management did nothing even after one of the staff followed them then showed up at their room door like a total creeper. -we had to move rooms a total of four times (with the two combined rooms) due to plumbing issues and doors not locking. The first 3 hours of our stay were spent moving rooms:(-they messed up the charges on the final bill so significantly bad, I believe they were trying to rip us off, so check your credit cards after check out for errors and charges posting days after the stay is completed.They did give me a $150 credit for all the inconvenience, but considering our final bill for the ONE night we stayed was almost $1,000 after the overnight parking fee, taxes, 2 rooms and food and spa charges, I think they could have at the very least offered us a free night. I had a friend stay in her own room and they moved her as well because of plumbing issues and they comped her a free night and were nice to her. I had to fight and be made to feel like a mooch looking for a hand out to get a $100 credit and R.J. was one of the rudest hotel managers I've ever encountered. In addition, I paid full price for my 2 rooms, used the spa and restaurant. She purchased her room through Expedia and didn't use any of the facilitates and was comped a free night.  I'm a business owner and support my community, I was planning to schedule a conference at this hotel, due to their lack of professionalism and R.J.'s awful customer service, I will be taking my business and money elsewhere.
4	The rooms are pretty small and furniture is kinda IKEAesque but the bathrooms are really nice and so are the grounds. It is an excellent central location too. Didn't get to ZuZu but it looks really nice. Pleasantly surprised by this hotel. I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to friends.
5	this place is HO-Tastic. I mean like I've been 2 some HO-Riffic places in my life. Whenever I happen 2 drive by it I get a smile on my face.
5	My favorite hotel in Arizona. I love it here. Beautiful and very accommodating.
5	So I travel. A lot. Weekly for business and I decided to forgo my Marriott points and stay here for 3 Days to have a Throwback Business trip. Great decision! Customer service here is impeccable. Restaurant is great. And unlike previous reviews, I fully understand that big bottles of water in the room, the ones with the $4 tags on them, cost $4. Just like they have for the last 10 years. The one minor thing I would improve on is the quality of the in-room  towels. Other than that, guys, great job!! Thanks for the retro stay!!! Will be back! JL.
5	Oh BTW, one thing that was totally sick for dinner was the home made Parkerhouse rolls. Seriously? Who does that any more? They were awesome!! Could have eaten 1/2 dozen'
1	We were married here one year ago. Do not get married here. Here were just a couple of the disappointments. there were more, i promise. It was very disorganized.  We had a lot of rain and had ro move from the rooftop. Dawn, our wedding planner, said she was coordinating all this. Not true. My husband didn't even know what area we were getting married in and went to the rooftop! Dawn had not been there to help, to guide or even update him on the change!! Umm. .. He was the groom and needed to know!! There was no coordination by our so-called wedding planner. My girls did not know when to go. It was so incredibly disorganized.  The second major disappointment was about the shrimp cocktail hors d'ouvre. We were VERY VERY VERY clear that we wanted one shrimp cocktail served in a shot glass ... one per guest... instead they serve just watered down ceviche. When we approached dawn .... as I saw the ceviche go by, I asked her to please change it to the shrimp cocktail that we discussed. Dawn said that she would. 10 minutes later I checked again (as we try to get pictures done) and it was still the wrong order. After the wedding we call Dawn on several occasions  to discuss. Brace yourself... she said too bad; I guess everybody must have been happy because they ate it. HELLO?! WE were not happy!  This was our wedding and we did not want to serve ceviche in a shot glass and have people shoot it back!!! We wanted to serve a shrimp cocktail in a shot glass hanging off the side which we were very very very clear about. Dawn said that she would refund the shrimp cocktail; she never did.  My husband called her again; she never responded. I called her again; she never responded. On the 4th attempt she said I'll send you guys a voucher for a free night stay during the summer. Well that voucher never came and we've been married over a year!! I would steer clear if you want a very elegant wedding done just the way you want. It is still so upsetting a year later. Bottom line: It wasn't cheap and wasn't done right.
5	It's time for an update as I recently had a sleep over / staycation at HVH, and I definitely need to bump up my previous review to five fabulous stars!I spent the night here with one of my best friends, and we had an incredible time... not only was our room insane in a good way (full disclosure: we did get upgraded, so thank you to the powers that be for that), but the staff went above and beyond to treat us like VIPs.  The amenities were awesome too...We spent some time at the spa and ate a couple of meals at Cafe ZuZu too... I also used the fitness room for a quick workout the next morning.  All of the above exceeded our expectations.  The only thing we didn't take advantage of was either of the beautiful pools.  (There will have to be a next time for that!)  Regardless, I can now see first hand why my colleagues that come to Arizona always request to stay at the Valley Ho.If you're looking to stay at a really amazing hotel and you like the hip, retro vibe, you definitely can't go wrong at the Hotel Valley Ho!Pro pampering tip: check out the VH spa specials... we took advantage of a Sunday Spa Party Package and each received 90 minutes of spa bliss (facial and foot reflexology) + a glass of wine for only $99 (regular price $190).Whether I visit again as a guest or just visiting, I can't wait to return!
5	This review is for the VHSpa. We booked our annual holiday spa day for three of us with three treatments each.We knew the spa was under construction so they weren't operating in their usual room, instead we had hotel rooms for our treatment rooms and our lounge area. The technicians maneuvered is easily and we didn't miss the spa area.First I had the coffee berry facial. Liz was amazing and worked her magic on my problematic skin with ease.Next was the relaxation massage with Kerry, seriously one of the best massages I've ever had.Finally a pedicure with Caty, I actually fell asleep I was so relaxed.I feel pampered and ready for the holiday!
5	Might be my favorite hotel anywhere.  Chic, retro decor and an amazing staff, soup to nuts.  Highly recommend the Valley Ho to anyone staying in Scottsdale.
