5	Stopped on Valentines Day and was greeted in a very nice way by enthused staff.  Ordered latte, extra hot with minimal foam.  Made perfectly!  Parking and entry was easy approaching from the west.  They have a drive thru which I will try next week.  Latte was good, coffee of high quality.  Prices reasonable and got one dollar off for VDay!  Thanks guys!
5	A nice quiet hangout for getting work done, with good coffee.  Area was clean, and staff was very friendly.  I also loved the fresh flowers on each of the tables!
4	Working just a few doors down I was excited to see a drive thru high quality coffee shop coming in!  I've been twice so far, and love it!  If you pull to the drive thru and there's someone at the window, a very friendly staff member will walk out to your car window and greet you, take your order, and it it started inside!  The first time I had the iced Jamaican coffee with a shot added to it (a staff recommendation) and it was fantastic,,,slight hint of maple sweetness!  Today I had an iced hazelnut latte, again delish!  Friendly customer service, great quality, a drive thru for chilly winter days...I'm sold!  Look for it in the building shared with Forward Dental just before Whitney Way!
5	I used to frequent the East Side location and I am excited the have moved out west, too. Their drinks are of excellent quality, though sized a little larger than average coffee shops, which can drive up the price depending on what you order. Their Iced Jamaican Coffee is without question the best iced coffee beverage I have ever had. Marry it with the almond milk they stock and you are in for a cup of bliss.
5	After visiting Moka multiple times now, I have decided that it is my new go-to coffee stop. I have yet to be disappointed!The drive-thru rocks. And the people who work here are so darn friendly. One time there was 2 cars in front of me and someone came out of the store to walk to my window, take my order, and bring me my coffee before I even paid for it. It doesn't get any better than that! They always take your order with a smile and a "how is your day going?" I love it. I love this place. You should love this place too.
4	On my way to work I decided to stop since I didn't get a chance to make my normal cup of coffee at home. It was a good decision!! I used the drive though and someone came out to take my order since there were cars in front of me. I got a few drinks for co-workers and then I got myself the Chaippuccino. I love Chai tea lattes and I love espresso so this is an amazing combination!! I will be back for this drink for sure. I don't even know if I want to try anything else it is that good!
4	Super friendly service. They offer a quad 20-oz latte for those who need a big fix. I get a decaf almond milk latte everywhere I go (when I can find almond milk) and it's really good here. Umpqua oats--one unsweetened option (yay), the others pretty sugary but still a healthy option. Otherwise, I only saw a few pastries in the case, and some GF cookies in the cooler. Four four-tops inside plus a small bar for seating, plus five small tables out front on the Univ Ave side. Little noisy, no sun cover, and not so private but nice option anyway for early morning. Bike parking, drive-thru -- all nice. Most importantly though, the coffee is really good. I'd give five stars for more pastry and GF options. Consider this a 4.5. Thanks Yelpers!
5	Moka may be the happiest place on earth. Every employee is above and beyond friendly, energetic and positive. And while it would be worth it just to visit and enjoy the good cheer, the Jamaican coffee is stellar and plenty worthy for the trip. Take a bag of these beans home with you, roasted with maple to give this solid coffee a sweet finish and make your kitchen smell delicious in the process. If you have a bad experience at Moka, you are probably the Devil.
