3	I love this IHOP, but only at non-traffic times. For example, if I want a yummy pancake (or whatever else) dinner after my evening workout (7pm) on a week night, they treat my daughter and me VERY well - extra attention, sometimes even extra food for the wee one! But if we try to come in during busy hours (say brunch on Sunday), then it only rates three stars, and since that's usually the case, the every now and then visit with the evening shift just can't make up for it, although they are very sweet.
1	This place is just GROSS!  Dirty floors, tables, bathrooms, and dirty food.  I should know better, the B health rating is clearly posted so all the gamblers can see their odds if they decide to eat there.  The last time I went there I actually got a little black curly in my food.  GROSS!!! Do not go here, even if your a gambler, it's not worth it.
2	What's up with a name like IHOP being an International House of Pancakes?  Pretentious name and they shortchange their reputation because people at lunch and dinner already assume their later meals are secondary in quality.  Sadly, I think their lunch and dinners are no where as good as their breakffast though lunch is better than dinner there. But I like most of IHOP's breakfast items and specials.  They've got the many versions of pancakes down.  For decades I have eaten many Swedish and French pancakes, esp. when they had the Rooty Tooty specials, and the International Passport is my typical order.  Overall breakfast is their best meals with a lot of variety. Besides pancakes, I really like their sausages, bacon, and hash browns.  Most of the time, they cook your order quickly, specially if you go to their restaurants during the weekday since weekends, they get real busy and slow. This particular IHOP in North Las Vegas in convenient.  It's an easy in and out of Craig Road across the street from Target.  It was a fine experience the first time we went.  They had a few terrific specials with Hawaiian style pancakes.  Lots of food, too and four of us split three breakfast specials, ordered a pitcher of orange juice and pitcher of coffee.  The waitress was nice, it was clean though it was after the rush hour.  Still we were content.The next time was different.  We went at later, and my nephew likes nothing better than onion rings.  So everybody ordered what they wanted.  The nephew ordered lunch that was supposed to come with lots of onions rings.  But when his food came out, there was no explanation, he was given extra sandwhich, yawn!  They didn't even ask him what he may want, they just assumed it. No options from the server, and we never saw the manager. Needless to say we were all disappointed.  I really hate it when restaurants don't give what you order and ASSume you'll just take anything they force at you.  Needless to say, we won't come back to this restaurant and go to many other cool places to eat in this town.It's a shame, we're a family that eats outs several times a week. I have probably eaten in an IHOP about once every month or two for the past 20 years.  Their headquarters are on Brand Boulevard in Glendale, I know exactly where they are because one of our offices is less than two blocks from them . Maybe I need to tell them to have their managers and wait staff to improve their customer service skills.
3	IHOP Update- Hey Yelpers, you know that wild night in Vegas when you wake up feeling like, who is this next to me? And where is my cash?  Here's a good one. So I took my family to IHOP because I wanted Pancakes after work.I ordered the NY Cheese Cake Pancakes with scrambled eggs and sausage. Overall the Bill was about $54.00 for 4 people. That's right, Pancakes, eggs, sausage with a drink will hit each person about 11 dollars each. Again, it reminded me of a wild night in Vegas.Touched by a stranger.
4	Absolutely love the healthy grain n nut pancakes!! By far my favorite as well as the butter pecan syrup lol Hits the spot!! :D
4	What can I say-you can't go wrong with pancakes!!!!
4	Had a late breakfast the other day, and had to try their funnel cakes... Omg, so perfect for that moment!Hot summer day, and cool sweet strawberry funnel cake with strawberry lemonade, totally hit the right notes.... Hubby loved his warm apple cinnamon funnel cake, and I'll grant that it was tasty... Just not as perfect for summertime as chilled strawberry was ;)Just bring a big appetite or share one of these treats, the portions are ridiculous... I was only able to eat about 1/4 of mine.
3	IHOP is a national pancake chain, serving pretty much exactly what you would expect. None of the food is outstanding, but I've never had bad food there either. I usually get either the buttermilk pancakes or the strawberry banana pancakes. The hash browns are typically crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside, which is why I keep coming back. I could make the pancakes, but I have never been able to get my hash browns right.They also serve lunch and dinner food, but I've never had any urge to have it. If you want diner food, there are better places.My biggest fault with this IHOP is the service. I don't expect anything spectacular, but I sat almost 5 minutes before the waitress came to get my drink order. Then she never checked on me after bringing my food. Again, nothing major, which is why I'm still giving them 3 stars.
2	been here twice now and dont plan to EVER go back.the staff is very nice, and thats about all for whats good there.horrid customer service.it takes forEVER to get your order in, to get someone to your table, get your check, get your food, etc.the locations pretty good and i would assume they could do good business but i recommend retraining staff or rehiring people with at least SOME common courtesy and good customer service experience..unimpressive.
2	My parents love IHOP as they're offered a senior discount - something I'll appreciate when I get older; however, for the time being, I'm content with spending more money on food I actually enjoy. That just wasn't the case this past weekend when I stopped in for breakfast with my parents.Why 2 stars then?1 for the service. It was awesome. Friendly. Efficient. Attentive. Overall: really nice. Another star for the prices. Well, that was including the discount so if there wasn't a discount (thanks to the parents), I wouldn't have gone. Why?The food was not very good. Not at all. I feel bad for the servers as they run around like crazy (place was super busy) only to be let down because the cooks don't have their act together. How does one mess up a ham and cheese melt? Not so fresh ingredients; inexperienced cooks; either way - whatever the case may be, the food didn't make me sick but I have no intention of going there again. Even when I'm eligible for a senior discount.
2	The staff are efficient, courteous, and friendly. Warning: Chicken Strips only has two choices of sauce (ranch and barbecue). Very Small Portion :( Comes with a Large Bill, must be due to recession, drought, gas prices, or pressure from upper management. Staff are hard working and very friendly!
5	Had the Jack cheader & Bacon potatoes substation the pancakes for biscuits and gravy ......omg so good.  I went early 5:30 am. This a new menu item and I believe a keeper just top the potatoes with the two eggs you get with them (over easy)  Mmmmmm
1	Really slow service. Even the people next to us said " we put our order in last week, and still haven't received it." Servers are only friendly to make a tip. Also over heard the hostess complaining about her job while waiting for our seats.
3	I was really pleased with our most recent trip to iHop. The service was a little lackluster in that the server was having a particularly loud conversation with another guest. Red Velvet Pancakes were really good and left me wanting more. I seriously considered ordering more, but didn't want my company to wait around on me just so I could hog on more cakes.
1	this Ihop location is really dirty and always has a musty wet floor smell. went there for breakfast and was seated at the very back near the restrooms when the place wasnt even crowded.. and had a horrible waitress who seemed to be rushing me and always left our table in a hurry. and also there was something going on- I don't know if they were going to be inspected, but a manager was lecturing the staff about the coffee machine being dirty and the waiters were cleaning it while serving other people at the same time. the staff was cleaning like they haven't ever before?! my booth had syrup on the back of the chair that hadn't been cleaned. I saw how dirty their rags were when wiping down syrups in the back! where we were seated was right next to the opening of the kitchen. don't waste your time going to this ihop.. gross gross gross!!!!!
2	This place definitely needs some work.   The service was great, the one thing I really had an issue with was the quality of the food.  I ordered a sandwich from this Ihop location and what I got was a soggy mess.  I couldn't even finish it since there it was literally unappetizing.  Worst $10 I've ever spent.
3	I really love IHOP because it's a family tradition, but in this location, the food is always sub-par and the service is slow! But let me tell you my regular meal: I always order a tropical island twist! it's a yummy, super sweet, sugary soda. Next, I get sirloin tips and eggs, with the eggs overeasy! It's always a good medium between breakfast and dinner!! it's an average place to be, where the food is average, but you can ALWAYS rely on their pancakes and syrup to brighten your life. They have the best pancakes!
2	Decided to try this IHOP on Craig rd.  I was very surprised to see that it was not very busy for a Wednesday morning.  My wife and I were promptly seated.  Our coffee was terrible when served.  Very weak and watered down.  When I complained, they brought us another cup, which was not much better. We ordered from the senior menu which is not much of a deal.   For a $7.00 plate, I was very disappointed.  Overall, our eating experience was not that enjoyable.   Maybe this was just a bad day for IHOP, but after reading other reviews here, I think this is their norm.
1	We were staying in Las Vegas and were craving pancakes. Our intentions were to go go Denny's but we found this IHOP first so we decided to give it a shot. Boy was that something we regretted! After waiting about 20 minutes or so, we were seated. We had a very unenthusiastic server who absolutely hated her job. She didn't want to be there and was very unhappy to grab things for us when we asked. The pancakes tasted like biscuits. I got a vanilla iced coffee and it tasted like spoil milk! Gross!!! I requested 2 high chairs which never came til I had to ask again for at least 1. Definitely a mistake coming here! I won't be back!
3	This place looks very ghetto IMO. Food is pretty good most of the times but it can definitely hit the rock bottom. People are always nice here though so at least that's good. The only time this place will get busy is probably weekend mornings. Opens 24 hours so if you needed a late night snack, this could be a great place. Overall, just your average breakfast spot with some good pancakes.
1	iHop is good but this one sucks! They won't allow any type of substitutions causing you to buy another combo meal to get the side item you want is ridiculous.  BS
4	We came on a busy Sunday morning but we were seated promptly. It was definitely surprising since we were called as I was reading terrible reviews on the place for having long waits. I also read about bad service here but I definitely did not get that. Our server was really sweet and never forgot anything we ordered. She also checked up on us many times. Also, (I'm assuming) the store manager greeted every table and asked if everything was okay. The food was good. I'm not going to say it's not the very best breakfast in town but it's good, tasty breakfast. Everything was cooked well and we finished everything! I'd go to this location again. It was my first time and not the last. I hope I get the same stellar service and food every time I come.
1	Dirty and food was not good. My mother and I had to rush home...bathroom!IHOP's what is going on! Go back to closing at 9/10 p.m. so you can clean your better.
2	Stopped by this IHOP before heading out of Vegas. They usually do things fairly ok, pretty similar to every other branch. Service was a bit slow at this location and cleanliness was lacking. Probably wouldn't visit this location again.
1	Ordered the breakfast sampler. It was served warn, not hot and they forgot my pancakes. The food was awful, the coffee was really weak. The service was so so. The ihop here in LA it's way better. Never eating there again when visiting Vegas.
