4	I came here for my daughter to get a quick haircut. We were immediately greeted and told it wouldn't be too long. We didn't wait long at all before we were called back. The lady was super friendly and asked me what I wanted for my daughter and then she went to work. My daughters haircut came out pretty good overall. In the end she wished it was it a little bit more A-Line, but it is cute and off her shoulders, which is exactly what she needed for the summer! My only pet peeve about this place would be that the glass shelves in the front waiting area where they have all the hair products for sale were absolutely filthy! They were in desperate need of a good windexing and dusting!! But as I was drafting my review the lady that was working at the front started cleaning the glass shelves! It was like she could read my mind!!
4	This is my go-to place for haircuts. No matter who cuts my hair it's always of consistent quality. At some other places it's a toss up whether you're going to get a good haircut or not based on who is up when your name is called. $15 for a normal haircut here or $10 for a buzz cut. The only downside is that sometimes the line can get a little long, but you can always call ahead to have them put your name down as well.
1	What a joke. My wife was getting gel nails next door at Pink Nail Salon (awesome place, by the way), and I strolled next door to find out the wait time at SuperCuts. The lady behind the counter said it would be a 45 minute wait, so I put both our names on the list. We returned forty minutes later, checked in, and had a seat. For the next hour, we watched a parade of appointments and walk-ins enter the salon and be taken ahead of us. When a lady (obviously a regular) strolled in and asked one of the stylists "Do you have time to do a cut?" And the stylist replied "Sure, come on back." My wife and I decided to take our business elsewhere. Permanently. This was the second time we had patronized this particular establishment. The first time we had both been given decent haircuts in a reasonable amount of time (ignoring the stylists bad mouthing a customer who had just left. So to summarize: rude stylists, unprofessional behavior, one decent cut out of two attempts.
5	Amazing staff! Amazing environment! I wouldn't go anywhere else. They are always very honest about the wait time, and will try to do anything to get you in, and make your visit a good one!
4	Pretty consistent with hair cuts here.  I have had my hair cut by almost everyone here and they are all good. Ali is my favorite though.  I would highly suggest calling ahead to put your name in, otherwise it could be a long wait. They get extremely busy at this location.
5	Only place I get my haircut.  They keep me looking fresh, oh snap I just said "fresh".  Nice people, always pleasant. I recommend this place to all my friends. Big fan of the fact they stay open until 9, makes swing by after work possible.
5	Most attention I have ever gotten with my hair. Kaley is awesome! I have difficult hair situations to work with, but she made it seem easy. She made my hair look better than ever. Very cool staff and the place is kept nice and clean. This is my new place of choice. Great hair salon for the Centennial Hills area.
2	This super cuts is the most worthless group of "stylists" ever. The people who work here are slow and lazy. They spend more time talking to each other and idling around while customers are waiting for a haircut, it's ridiculous. The "call ahead" feature is a joke. My boys go here for a simple cut, but we will not go to this location anymore
3	Don't waste your time on call ahead......obviously doesn't work.  I have been frustrated on at least three occasions on how long the wait is, whether you call ahead or not.  Only reason me and my boys come to this location is convenience.  I do think they do a great job when it comes to cutting our hair, but the idle chit chat and lack of urgency when it comes to taking care of clients when they are busy drives me insane.  Seriously need to work on their time management!
