5	So thrilled a Yogi's is in Ocotillo!  We have been three times already and are weekly visitors now.  The kids can eat healthy and the food is great.  I love seeing a family owned place and the food and service are consistently great!
4	Great  place for sushi rolls, noodles, teriyaki, and tempura.   We have tried several rolls (salmon, tuna, California), chicken and beef Udon noodles, and the chicken Yakisoba, and all have been quite good.   The restaurant itself, is nice very modern casual dining; however our family being on the go, we usually call ahead and order take-home for dinner or lunch.   Even though Mikado and The Sushi Room are our favorites for formal Japanese dining in our local area when special occasions or time allows,this fills the an empty spot in our rotation of casual eating ( a level somewhere in amongst Native New Yorker, Old Chicago, Panda Express, Chick-fil-a, Red Robin,Chipotle, etc). Very glad this has popped up close to home
2	Was so excited to have a yogis close to home. Love the food! Hard for me to find decent Japanese food but this is yummy (for being fast food). Been here 4 times. Terrible customer service. I guess being welcoming is not a high priority. Also, this location will not let you use yogis gift certificates. They say because they are a franchise. Hmmm....
2	I was first introduced to Yogi's Grill a few weeks ago, we stopped by the one at Ray and Loop 101... I loved the food, it tasted clean... the natural flavors of the food were there and the teriyaki sauce was not too strong. The rice was cook wonderfully and the California Roll was delicious.After that, I was hooked... my wife and I found out there was a Yogi's closer to home, this one was at Ocotillo and Arizona Ave. We had a craving for some Yogi's tonight so we called in our order and picked it up.I ordered the Beef and Chicken Combo Bowl (comes with rice and vegetables), my wife ordered the Chicken Katsu Plate (comes with rice and salad)... we picked up a California roll fo my 2-year old (plus we wanted a couple of pieces too).My wife wasn't impressed, and she was not disappointed... her dinner was OK but she had very, very little salad compared to Ray & 101 location. My daughter loved her CA roll (we all agree that it was a pretty good roll)... but my dinner was not so tasty.My vegetables were about 95% cabbage, two thin slices of carrot, 2 medium slices of zucchini, and two small broccoli florets... and all the vegetables were 100% RAW. I really don't like cabbage and I really dislike raw broccoli and raw zucchini... I was really disappointed with the vegetables especially because I love properly cooked/steamed zucchini, broccoli, and carrots (raw or cooked).The beef and chicken were dry, the small amount of sauce helped very little. The amount of sauce did not bother me as they gave me plenty more. I popped the top off two small containers of the six they gave us, dumped it on and took a bite... all to find out that this was not teriyaki sauce, it was something else... it was like a really sour and thick soy sauce (not ponzu). It didn't taste horrible, but it was not what I was expecting... that one is my fault, I should not have assumed it was teriyaki... I should have tried it first.Food alone, this would have been a 3 star review... but that was before I called them back to give them some constructive feedback. A nice lady answered the phone, I explained that we just finished our dinner we picked up and it wasn't very good. I explained my issues with the raw vegetables and that it was about 95% cabbage. She confirmed that the 95% cabbage was normal for them and thanked me for my call. She was very nice, but she does not understand customer service... I am extremely disappointed that 95% cabbage was normal and not a onetime mistake... and the fact that she did not apologize that it was not a good experience really shows a lack of concern for opinions of their customers.I have the mindset that if I eat something, then it was not bad enough to get a refund or be otherwise compensated. I work with many people in the restaurant industry and many of them want to treat the customer fairly. If I dislike something to the point I don't want to eat it, I let them fix it. I'm rarely disappointed with a resolution that I have received. If I eat the complete dish and didn't like it too much, I will tell the wait staff who almost always get the manager involved. I will turn down any compensation they offer because "I liked it enough to eat it" and just ask them to make sure the other guests are taken care of... I just feel that is the right thing to do.The reason that I went off on that tangent above is that Yogi's Grill on Ocotillo & Arizona Ave didn't offer anything, not even an apology. That does not sit right with me... they could have offered to comp the meal, I would have refused since "I liked it enough to eat it", but the lack of concern and the lack of the desire to "make it right" was enough to knock this down to two stars.Overall, I will go back to Yogi's Grill, just not this one. I'll make the drive up to Ray & Loop 101... those guys have a great operation there and they treat their customers correctly. If you don't like this one on Ocotillo & Arizona Ave please try the other locations... they are so much better!
4	Very good food served quickly.  Add a little hot sauce and some soy sauce, mix it together.  Eat.Price is low and quality is high.  You really can't ask more than that.
2	Pretty bad stuff--greasy, poorly prepped, unauthentic food.  I had the shrimp and veggie tempura.  There was a carrot an inch thick in the tempura that chewed like a tree branch...then it just slid completely out of the horrible tempura shell.  The rest was saturated with oil and not enjoyable.  They use fresh produce, but put no effort or thought into prep and execution.  They need experience and leadership in the kitchen.On the positive side, the staff were friendly and the place was clean.
5	The Salad dressing is soooo good here!  I think this is a great place to go in a hurry.  Much better option over fast food.   The Miso soup and salad is amazing.  The Avocado roll is one of my favorites, too.  My husband really likes the Combo of Beef and Chicken Teriyaki bowl.  I love that you don't have to pay a tip, too!  It makes everything faster when you order at the counter!  The place is very clean and has plenty of seating.   They also serve alcohol.
4	I was craving teriayaki chicken so bad. I seriously hadn't had it in years. I didn't even know of any around my place. Then, Yogi's appeared out of nowhere (OK, it's been there a while, I just didn't know it)!YES!I loved it! I will be back when the next craving hits me!
4	Yogi's is great for teriyaki bowls. I always love the beef and chicken bowl with the addition of siracha. Great pick up place for dinner or lunch. The Arizona bowl is great for change if a teriyaki bowl.
2	Food was borderline satisfactory & service was horrible. I ordered a teriyaki bowl, miso soup & large drink. I asked if I could get my teriyaki 5-10 minutes after my soup so it won't get cold while I'm enjoying my soup course. I asked this because in past visits they would arrive at the same time.  They arrived at the same time again. I also informed them that they were out of iced tea. They didn't seem to care. An hour later, still no tea. They made no effort to make tea. It takes 5 minutes to brew tea.
3	It was ok.  I wasn't really expecting much, so I wasn't surprised.  The beef had a burnt taste.  The roll I ordered was deep fried.  I hadn't read the description carefully enough.  We did take out.  They did get the order correct which is a huge plus.  I would rather go to a better sushi place for rolls, and search for a better quality teriyaki place.  It was late, we hadn't planned dinner.  For quick take out it's fine, but I probably would choose something else next time.
1	If I could give this zero stars I would. I stopped in here as it was convenient to where I was this day. I asked about the Shrimp Yakisoba and the girl pointed to the picture and said it looks just like that. It looked good as it had noodles, shrimp and veggies in the photo. After waiting almost 20 minutes and seeing folks that had come in after me get served, I was getting a little inpatient. The girl came out and said that they "lost one of the shrimps as they are supposed to come with six" and asked if I would mind one tempura to replace the one that was "lost!".. Okay?? She finally brought my food in a box (weird as it was to be eaten there not to go.. I literally had 2 sliced carrots and maybe 2 pieces of broccoli, tons of the noodles and rice? Wasn't supposed to have rice? I guess they figured throw some rice in there.. Lastly the dining room was filthy, there was a large clump of HAIR in the booth which made me almost lose my lunch! The girl came to "clean" the empty tables without wiping the dirty tables down! Ugh.... Needless to say I will not be back!.. I almost forgot about the girl cooking in the back which had a band-on her finger and was touching her face which preparing the food.
4	Great tasting food and the prices aren't that bad. Location was very clean. The girl working the front cash register was incredibly good looking so good job there.Get the Chicken Teriakyi bowl with rice if you come here and get some extra sauce.
4	We ordered 7 different dishes to try, put them in the middle of the table and it was a grab all.  For the price you pay, the food is adequate quality.  The ambiance is nice and clean, nothing fancy.If you're expecting top quality sushi, you won't find that here, it's a realistically priced place, great to take the kids.
