4	Crappy cleaning crew on move in. Otherwise I really like the place.So, I'll confirm Heather's complaints about move in. While the carpet and flooring was new in my place, there was a lot of grossness. The cabinets were full of rice and smut, and there was a giant bong left under the sink that the crew somehow missed. The windows were smudged to the point that they looked vaguely like modernist finger paintings. The top of the refrigerator was damn near a Petri Dish. Etc...However, after a few hours of vacuuming and wiping, the place looked nice. It's true that the air filters have not been well cleaned in eons, that was also a pretty light job to fix. I need to do one more though...I'm quite certain that the walls aren't lead paint since lead paint has not been used or sold in decades and every apartment (pretty much anywhere in existence) has repainted many times. Thus, even if there is lead paint, it's buried several layers deep and likely of no threat.HOWEVER, I like the apartments a lot. Cleaning aside, the cabinets and countertops are very new, the stove is quite new, the closets are roomy, the carpet was new (though there are a few staples that need smashing at the tack strip edges).More importantly, I think the price is reasonable given the location; it's quiet and there is nothing else around except for condos, businesses, Aunt Chilada's restaurant, and the Pointe Hilton Resort. The mountain views are about as good as you can get anywhere in the city, which is a huge draw for me. Plus, my dog seems to get along well here. Sumida Park across the street is an ideal dog walking spot.I really hope that they don't take Heather's advice because in the two months since I've moved I've really grown to enjoy the place.
5	I thoroughly enjoyed my time at Cabana at the Pointe. In the Phoenix area, it is one of the safer, more affordable complexes on the market. Specifically, it hit on the key items I was looking for in an apartment complex:Affordability - Great prices for what you receive, especially considering the location. Right near the 51, and a short drive from anywhere in Scottsdale, or Downtown Phoenix.Cleanliness - The grounds were always kept clean, the pool was sparkling and there was never any trash around whatsoever.Maintenance - They have a new online maintenance system that allows you to report any broken items in your apartment, and they will come fix them asap. The day after I submitted a request, it was tagged, fixed and a note was left in my apartment. Very convenient!Safety - Nighttime security and a very quiet, safe complex.Office Staff - Helpful, friendly and informative. Shout out to Jillian for always having a smile on her face and a ready-to-help attitude.Amenities - Covered parking spaces, multiple laundry locations, multiple mailbox locations, clean pool and small workout facility. All great as advertised.If you are reading through apartment reviews, take this one seriously and head over to Cabana at the Pointe for a visit. Everything checks out as advertised, and they're dedicated to making your stay a good one!
