4	It's new! Located at the corner of Trade & Tryon streets, behind the waterfall, they serve outdoors (also behind the falls) and have a small indoor area with a sharp urban vibe. PDFs are available on the site. I've picked up lunch there twice -- did call ahead ordering -- and have enjoyed everything I've eaten.  Lunch was ready within 15 minutes each time, and very fresh & warm. The Kung Pao shrimp was not very spicy, so if you're a fan of eye-watering goodness, ask for extra spice. The spicy salmon roll and hand roll were good quality. The eel roll was also tasty.  i will go back - and will check out the evening vibe sometime. Several of the bar drinks sound yummy, and their tiny, warm space would give good ambiance for a night out with the girls.
5	I love sushi and am something of a sushi snob, since I live in Hawaii and have access to some of the best & freshest sushi on the planet. So it means a lot for me to say that I had some of the best sushi ever at Room 112 this evening. I went early -- this is one of the few sushi restaurants that doesn't close between lunch & dinner -- so I was one of the few people there.The restaurant space is small and "chic", with a sushi bar that doesn't look like a sushi bar and table service. The hamachi (yellowtail), sake (fresh salmon) and white tuna were spectacular. And the "Pink Floyd" roll (very large roll with tempura shrimp & fresh crab inside and avocado & masago outside, with two sauces) is a must have!The restaurant is across the street from the Marriott City Center. Whether you live in Charlotte or are just visiting, you owe yourself a visit if you love sushi.
5	I've been here 3 times now and it has been excellent every time. The innovative sushi is always fresh and the portions are great. Someone else mentioned the rolls come in 8 pieces, which makes eating the pieces easier. Although they have the normal rolls, they offer a variety of rolls that I don't think a lot of places offer.  Very uncommon, but extremely good without it being too intimidating. Love the decor and the vibe of this place. Very cool without trying so hard to be cool. Its more low key then the other sushi places, relying more on the quality of the food than the party atmosphere. The staff is attentive and always reviews the order with you before they send it in. This is a nice touch to ensure you get the right items.  I would fully recommend Room 112 to anyone looking for a quality meal and at affordable (for sushi) prices.
2	Very nice place. The people there are friendly. But the food was just okay. Wasn't bad but nothing that great. Maybe I just order the wrong food. Again the food was on the skimpy end.
5	Great sushi. Good price and no long wait. Very happy I chose to go here!
5	Good, good sushi here.  Some of the best I have ever had.But you will pay for it.Staff are very good.  Friendly, attentive and also good at anticipating what you need.  I like that because you're not interrupted, yet you are not neglected.  That is classy.We ate at the sushi bar, and I think at the end of the night, the bill for each of us was just under $100, but we were definitely splurging.  A good reminder that you are in the center of the 2nd largest banking center in the States.The decor is suitable for high end sushi bar.Expectations were nicely met.
3	Sushi is okay, decently price, good service and nicely decorated. Good for a birthday outing.Only downfall is parking since it is in uptown you will have to park in the ramps and walk.
5	My boyfriend and I are TOTALLY in love with this sushi restaurant! The staff is great; the venue is cute, upbeat and modern. We LOVE the sushi it's absolutely amazing and always fresh. We eat here at least twice a month and are always confident to take our friends visiting from out of town here because we know they will be PERFECT every time!
2	When I first arrived I noticed the place was decorated in a very modern fashion and had the traditional "techno" music that now plays in every sushi bar in every city every where. Not that this is a bad thing, but just letting you know what you're getting into.The service noticeably slower than it should have been given the amount of patrons at that time. I had only sushi during my visit but they have entrees as well.  The prices on the menu were cheaper than I expected, but I soon realized why that was.  The rolls are smaller than the average of what you would find at a grocery store and not prepared well. Now it makes sense. The sushi was marginally acceptable at best.  It would be very unlikely that I try this place again with there being a good amount of other sushi places in Charlotte that are much better.  Perhaps I went on an off day, something that can easily happen any where, but a friend I went with had the same opinion I did about it.
3	Went here after having a bad experience at another place in town and we liked it much better as far as service went. They were very busy- it was friday night after all- but were able to get two seats at the sushi bar. The space overall is very small. Wait staff was frazzled yet friendly, got our spring rolls out fast enough but they were piping hot. Took drink order after food order- odd but again they were busy and had two large groups of around 10. The sushi we got was good. not the best I have had but decent enough. I would go back here if I lived in Charlotte.
4	Hooray for another sushi place uptown! Stopped by 112 today for lunch since I saw they have lunch specials at a pretty reasonable price and left with a full, happy belly. They have the typical Chinese dishes you would normally see on their lunch menu (around $6.95 a pop) along with rice and noodles dishes. They also have sushi lunch combos offering both nigiri and maki and you get a salad on the side (for under $10). Along with that, they have a hefty selection of rolls you can order as an entree. After contemplating if I wanted something hot or cold, I went with the sesame chicken comdo---you can get brown, white or fried rice served with their generous serving of chicken, a few pieces of freshly steamed broccoli and a spring roll. We were in and out in less than an hour and I loved the modern look to it. Some of the tables have cozy, little red leather ottomans you can sit on and I want to know where they got them since I'm on a never ending quest to find red furniture. Closed on Sundays however a great place to stop for a quick, wallet friendly lunch during the week!
2	Sushi is not as fresh as the other places - service is horrible. The place itself, a good attempt, but feels like it's in the basement of an old bank building. Too many other options to choose from make it tough to give this more than 1-2 stars.
3	I conquered the sushi at Room 112 today. I got the Caterpillar roll and spicy tuna hand roll and both were fresh and tasty. The have an awesome selection of rolls as was surprised to see more than just one vegetarian item. They have sushi lunch combo's along with cheap rolls-most were in the $6-$10 range, I dig that. Service was pretty beat this time around-it could be because of the influx of people out for lunch or NCAA crowd but it was pretty bad. Them dropping off an Andes mint with my check scored them brownie points though.
4	We were looking for a quick spot to have lunch on Saturday. They place was very quite, we sat at the bar and had fresh fast great sushi. We will definitely be returning.
4	Very good sushi. Come here often for lunch with my Manager. If you get there anytime after 12-noon, plan on waiting for a table, sitting at the bar, or sitting outside. Lunch time this place is CROWDED. Good food every time we've gone, but at times (during lunch) service can be slow. I'll chalk that up to the busy lunch time period. Overall, great place, could be a 5-star rating for me if they upped the service a bit.
5	This place is a hidden little gem. The Sushi was fantastic and the same price we would pay anywhere else. I loved the modern feel of the Resturant and the service was very attentive. Overall, we were very satisfied and will be coming back several times to enjoy another wonderful meal.
5	I came to Room 112 with a colleague for drinks and an early dinner. She said she was craving sushi and after doing some Yelp searching, this is where we ended up. All I can say is it was a very good choice. We started with chicken lettuce wraps and finished with four different sushi rolls. All of it was just excellent. Add in that the service was great and the fact that I could actually taste gin in my G&T and just wow!Best sushi in Uptown?  Hard to imagine that it's not.
3	Came here for my dirty thirty b-day and got completely sloshed.  I don't remember how the food was despite it being restaurant week.  It's a difficult place to find when you enter the building but easier to spot from the street.  Could be a solid 4 stars if the service staff knew their drinks. That is, one friend ordered a martini, she didn't want it dirty. They gave it to her dirty.  Later, another friend showed up asking for martini neat - and again, splashed with olive juice.  They gotta learn their mixology.Overall, solid place to have a bday - for whatever reason they weren't too crazy busy so my group and I got rowdy and had a good time.dmo out
4	I love Room 112. Everything on the menu has been spectacular. Some of my favorites include the sexy salmon, cherry blossom as well as the dragon roll. Wonderful wine selection and good service. One of my favorite places for sushi in the city. Lovely intimate atmoshphere. Great date spot.
4	Yummy food. Great ambience.  Attentive staff.  Who could ask for more?  Definitely recommend!  Try the pink Floyd roll
4	We were thrilled to find this gem on a recent trip to Charlotte.  As west coasters, we're picky about sushi, but this place was perfect. We were the only ones at the bar (I've never understood when people go to a sushi bar and sit at a table, but maybe it was the odd bar stools?!), ordered a combo of what looked great on the menu, our own special orders, and the chef's recommendations. Everything was fabulous - including the presentation. Service was top notch too. If I return to Charlotte, Room 112 will be at the top of my list of places to revisit.
5	Great sushi.  Great service.  Best Sushi I have had in NC.
2	I was not pleased with my meal at all. The salad rolls were obviously premade and refigerated because the rice paper was stiff and cold. The singapore noodles were a bit salty and rushed. Maybe next time I'll try the sushi.
3	I had lunch here this week after hearing pretty good reviews.  They offer a small lunch menu with typical Chinese entrees with rice and a spring roll and sushi.  The dinner menu is pretty extensive.  I like the vibe of 112, very laid back.  I tried the mixed veggies with chicken($6.95) and it was ok, nothing special.....the veggies were nice and crisp and covered in a brown sauce with rice and spring roll....again very average.  On my next trip I tried the sushi combo(2 rolls and a salad $8.95).  I had the crunchy and spicy crab roll which were both very good including the salad with ginger dressing.  I'll definitely return for the sushi only.
5	Food awesome.  Service slow, but polite.  ALWAYS SLAMMED.  Be patient.  Cool SE Asian Hipster Crowd.
4	Room 112 would be pretty perfect if your $25 got you a little further than it does. I find that even when you splurge on the food here, you're only getting a small portion. I suppose it's a good change from the wastage and mass-production of Lean Cuisine in this country, but an extra slice of fish didn't kill anyone did it?Everything about this place is "clean" from the the Asian decor, to the sharp black dress of the waiting staff and not to-mention the quality of ingredients. Sushi needs to be crisp on the palate, not overpowered by the rice, wasabi, or soy and this is definitely the case at Room 112. Delicious sushi dishes with vibrant presentation. You'll spend a lot of time on the menu since the difference between one roll to the next is literally one ingredient. You could probably order any sushi roll and be satisfied (nigiri or maki). I tend to stay away from the cream cheese as that's just an insult to fresh fish. There's an enticing "Rouge" hue to this place that makes your eating experience all the better. I would recommend you accompany every meal with a bottle of sake (warm or cold). My favorite is the Ozeki Nigori sake, as it's very very reasonably priced, flavorsome and light. As for the other dishes on the menu, the most appetizing dishes are the "Specialties," which push me away just because of the price tag even though they're scrumptious. This kind of restaurant can't justify a $20 duck dish. Just look at the people around you. I'm walking in with a t-shirt and jeans for a light dinner. I didn't realize it was gonna burn a hole in my pocket. To be quite frank, you'll have to drop $30 here to sample the best of the best. After all, why wouldn't you want the best they have to offer? So be prepared!Go for the Passion and Cherry Blossom as rollsSingapore Rice NoodlesAny of the Teriyaki Grill itemsKalbi or Miso Sea BassEnjoy!4/5
5	I got terribly lost trying to visit the first time... 20+ crave-induced trips later-i've got it down pat!  This is my "go-to" sushi-spot if I'm showing someone Charlotte or just want a precious quaint atmosphere with super fresh, creative rolls!  Dont like sushi? Their sesame chicken is uniquely delicious!
2	Thank goodness for good company! Though the service was great... the rest was.. not so much. First strike: the filthiest wine glass I have ever seen. And I normally don't pay attention to such things.. good thing I did!! Secondly, the ginger dressing was quite odd. Not what Im used to, and very 'mayonaise-y' (creamy).  And while the rolls were quite good, nothing stood out as fantastic about them. The tempura flakes on one of our rolls were definitely stale.  (unless chewy tempura flakes are the new thing...?) next time I'm in the Queen City, I will skip Room 112. Sorry (as for the filthy wine glass, it was replaced even after the wine was poured in... the bottle was replaced as well).
4	Small but comfortable and very nice interior space, in this historic First National Bank building.  On the trip through the lobby back to the entrance, you pass by some very nice architectural features of this building.  Don't forget to look it over.Menu very complete with reasonable prices; I was expecting smallish portions, but they were generous - 8 pieces for a Koishi roll?  Pretty good.  Tried a couple selections, both were delicious.   Had to cut the Nigiri (my choice: yellowtail) in half to eat it.Service was fast.  Good tip.  I'll be back.
5	Went here with a date, who was a regular there, so he ordered for me.For drinks, he ordered me a plum wine, that was delish! We then had calamari for an appetizer, and I was instantly hooked! It was the best calamari I had EVER had! He also ordered sushi, and I guess I'm just not a sushi fan. He loved it, but me...no thanks.Next he ordered me the sesame chicken, and rice. Let's just say, it's my new favorite. I always order it when I go there! The chicken was seasoned just right, and the sauce was amazing! I love it!! I didn't have room for dessert, but the entree was good enough for me!Our waiter was extremely nice and the service was great! The place is not the biggest, but the atmosphere and ambiance that you get is so relaxing. It's not loud, messy or crowded, and that I loved. The crowd was mainly business people from uptown. I would definitely recommend this place!
4	Pleasantly surprised.  Whenever I go to a sushi place, I order the chef's special.  I just want to see what they pick.  The only thing is that the variety is pretty predictable.  So I am always looking for a place to surprise me.  Well, there were no surprises among the selection but they were fresh!  Sashimi melted in my mouth.  Good portions, too!  For me, the freshness made up for the lack of variety.
5	Room 112 is small and pretty hard to find, but the food is crazy delicious.  My significant other and I started out with the gyoza (6 dumplings) and spring roll.  The gyoza plus the dipping sauce was awesome and the spring roll was tasty as well.  For dinner we had the sesame chicken and tuna and salmon maki rolls.  The rolls are kind of small, so make sure you order enough to fill you up!  The portion size for the sesame chicken was just right for a satisfying dinner.  For all that food, plus beer, our check came to about $45, not including tip.  Check out their webpage for pricing and menus!  Our server was very polite and patient as we tried to figure out what to order.  And to top it off, they have a complimentary valet which relieves you of fighting uptown traffic.  The only negative - no dessert!
5	Room 112 has quickly become one of my Top 5 places in Charlotte and a clear Number 1 in the Sushi category.  We tend to go there at least 4 times/month.The typical order for my wife and I is:  1 bottle of Sean Minor Pinor Nior, 2 orders of the Spicy Tuna Nigiri (equals 4 pieces), 1 Pink Floyd Roll,  and then we pick a different random roll each time.  Sometimes we'll grab a Volcano Roll but substitute the California beneath it with something different, most often a Crunchy California.We try to ask for Brandon each time... takes excellent care of us!  I've been wanting to try other dishes but it's hard to stray from such a great trend we've started.  Room 112 has quickly become the clear Sushi favorite for us in Charlotte and even when we sample some national favorites like Oishii in Boston, we find ourselves still preferring the sushi at 112.Update:   We now order the K5 (named after my wife and I).  I think if you guys start ordering they'll have to add it to the menu.  Brandon will know what you are talking about!  (has Tempura Shrimp, Avacado, Jalapeno Slice, and more... You'll Love.)
5	Stumbled upon this gem while a friend and I were walking around downtown trying to figure out what to have for dinner. This was the best decision we made that evening.Smallish space, but the food is Amazing! Did you notice the capital A? Just checking. Portion sizes are perfect for my friend and I to share. We had 2 apps and two rolls... the cherry blossom and.... something else delicious. But the fried tofu was the smash hit of the evening. If we ever figure out how to do that at home, we're using it to take over the world.
3	Well hello friends!Let me start out by saying when I'm eating I'm thinking about my next meal. Today i was super duper hungry and didnt' know what I wanted. So Yelp to the rescue. I wanted some greasy food but i wanted something light.  I read some reviews and ended up at this place. - Room 112 (after all, that is where the playa's dwell. @ least thats what Biggie Small said)After using my GPS (Thanks protestors for making me walk around uptown to avoid you)Anyway, i read a review from Demetria M. saying sushi COMBO. So i walked in asking, "Do you have any specials, or lunch special/combo's?". Answer - NO, our prices are "special friendly"WHAT DA WHAT??? I don't even know what that mean but.... OK. (even though I know their is one) I was told to sit at the other bar for Dine Out. (a whole 2 bar stools over). I placed my order (Spicey Crab Roll & Rainbow Chicken... see photo).After about 2 mins. I get a tap on the shoulder. Can you move BACK over there to the other bar (a whooping 4 feet over). @ this point I'm looking around for Aston Kutcher. Are you serious wth, "Yeah, I know, I thought you were dining in" WHAT?? HUH?? How did you gather that? Was it the fact that when I came in i said it was TAKE OUT?anyway... After walking 4 or 5 blocks back to the gig, I was very pleased w/ what they packed in the bag. A WHOLE LOTTA FOOD!!... and still STEAMING HOT!** When I was signing my tab, the SAMEEEE GAL came talking about some, "Ya know we have pretty good special! OPENS another MENU & points out the combo Demetria spoke about. MANNNN LET ME OUTTA HERE, I DON'T WANNA BE ON THIS SHOW ANYMORE. YOU ALL ARE PLAYIN W/ MY MIND AND HUNGRY STOMACH. and my stomach is NOT to be played with. lol..LOL..LOLI'LL RETURN... but i DON'T want to play mary-go-round or hide and seek the lunch special/combo.
3	The service is a 2, the sushi is a 4....we'll meet in the middle at 3. Room 112 is tucked away quietly uptown but it's a great little gem once you find it. They have a ginormous menu and reasonable prices and for that alone it's a good place to feed your inner sushi monster (we all have one...) The decor is very cozy and comfortable. It's a small venue but it was really great for an intimate group dinner. We had a group of 9 and all ordered various drinks. In the beginning our server was on the ball and even let me sample their plum wine before committing (some are too sweet for my liking). After our order was placed he seemed distant and overwhelmed. He never asked us if we wanted dessert (which two of us did) he just brought the bill and completely botched everyone's check charging people for dishes they didn't order...including my poor friends who left early and ended up getting charged for my boyfriends meal. Our server was very quiet and overall just not present at all....perhaps his 20% gratuity charge was reason for his lack of service ? The food was delicious. I had bites of pho, several rolls ( get the cherry blossom) and the sesame chicken. Though the pho wasn't my cup of tea, the rest were delicious. They even managed to turn a couple sushi-phobes into full fledged fans. I'll return and hope that the poor service was just a fluke!
4	Room 112 serves up a sweet Pad Thai and some pretty tasty sushi rolls. Typically I can eat my weight in sushi, but I found myself eating off my husband's plate for the noodles. Each Pad Thai has its own flavor; if you're in the mood for sweet and a little tangy, you'll find it here. I got the Grasshopper and California rolls. They were of good size and very satisfying. Yummy.It's a small to medium sized space, interior is all red, and a sushi bar that seats about 6 or 8. The noise level is a bit rowdy due to the tight quarters, background music, and talkative patrons...but not enough to deter you.Service is friendly and they do multi-tasking well. I'll be back the next time I'm Uptown and in the mood for noodles and rice!
4	I have been craving sushi lately, and as I wondered upon Room 112, I decided to give it a shot.It can be a little hard to find, hidden behind on the fountain on E.Trade and Tryon. The restaurant is relatively small but I love the modern Asian chic bar/club feel and decor. The first item I had was a "Cherry Blossom" roll as recommended by the waiters. The rice and ingredients were wrapped in a thin pink layer (could be seaweed but I am not sure). It has tempura shrimp, tuna, and cucumber. Everything combined well in the mouth. The rolls were in the shape of a flower too! The second time I had a tuna roll. It's got white tuna on the outside and red tuna and other veggies in the inside and a hint of semi-spicy sauce on top. I loved it. My girlfriend ordered a veggie stir-fry, and it was actually pretty good too! In the end, I still was not satisfied with my sushi crave so I ordered a tuna nigiri , which comes on rice, except that I said tuna sashimi (no rice)...guess I have been out of Japan for too long...however, it was actually a blessing in disguise!! The tuna was very  fresh, and the display looked as if I was in Japan! Good job Charlotte!
3	Cute little and redVery tasty
4	Had a great meal here last weekend while visiting Charlotte. Had a slighly tough time finding it.. found the address with no problem but didn't see the restaurant initially. It's tucked behind the fountain in the corner. Staff were very friendly, decor was nice. On a Friday night around 915 ish the last of the big crowd were finishing up and we were able to get a table with no wait. My friend and I split 3 rolls (sexy salmon, catepillar, and another that I already forgot). They were all excellent!  Location was convenient because from where we parked we were able to walk to the Uptown bars. Will definitely return!
2	Disappointing on several accounts. We had a $25 Groupon that was supposed to get us $50.00 of food. There was NO WAY that could happen as it was limited to 3 rolls and 1 appetizer. At average price of $9.00 - $10 a roll (for the more expensive ones) and $8 for appetizer. There was NO WAY you could combing 4 items to come anywhere close to $50 let alone barely matching $25 we paid for. Then we had to pay for drinks ($2.00 for a green tea leaf bag). Total was $29.00 for about $35.00 of food. My complaint thus far of course, is mainly with the lack of value of the Groupon. The rolls themselves were fine and presented nicely and visually appealing. Would have been better to skip Groupon and have more options. However we did learn of a new place we may go back to. Other negative is its very small. I could barely fit into the first couples table they seated us in (no, I'm not fat either!). We had to ask for a more spacious table just to have some elbow room. They can seat 42 people at their tables but they're packed so tightly we could barely walk out without having to inconvenience others to scoot in. It's okay, the smallness of it, so-so service, and average food was not quite worth while and perhaps if they focused on service they would not need Groupon to advertise for them.
4	So here I am at Room 112. (3/4/13) Its full of Asians always a good sign.  I ordered some salmon nigiri to start. Today I'm sitting at the sushi bar watching the chefs at work.  The salmon and the smoked salmon nigiri was excellent.  It was buttery soft and melted in my mouth.My waitress recommended a salmon dream roll.  I'm looking forward to trying it. It looked very appetizing but whatever was at its center wanted out as soon as I had left the restaurant. Directions to the restaurant given by fellow Yelpers were excellent. Just remember that if the weather is cold that they bar the entrance behind the fountain & you have to enter from Tryon street. I will definitely eat there again this week.I did in fact eat there again on 3/6/13 & it was just as good as the first time!
3	As much as I hate to say it I experienced my first incidence of truly terrible service at Room 112 today at lunch. (3/7/13)  I went at noon. It was packed with diners. I again sat at the sushi bar. I was given a menu & a ginger ale. I had to ask for the ginger ale as my waitress wasn't there. The waitress I did get was terrible. It took her 10 minutes to take my order & I had to get her attention by getting another server involved. The sushi itself was delicious. I ordered salmon, yellowtail, white tuna & scallop. I also ordered a passion roll. The passion roll had an interesting texture due to being wrapped in soy paper versus rice. Unfortunately it had no flavor whatsoever. I was looking forward to the roll based on the comments of other Yelpers. What a shame. The waitress asked if I wanted a refill on my drink when I had two pieces of sushi left on my plate. Instead I asked her for the check. Lunch was filling but it wasn't as good a time as the previous couple of days were. The three stars are for the sushi only.
4	I ordered the chicken teriyaki and it was really good. Plus they gave me way more chicken than I would have ever expected. Great little location and cool layout.
3	I swung by Room 112 today and decided to order take-out and take it back to my hotel room instead of dining in. The place is small and I didn't really like the vibe. I sat at the bar and perused the menu a little. The hostess took my order and was nice and gave me some great suggestions. However, I didn't take her up on any of her suggested menu items. I'm pretty satisfied with what I ordered. I decided to order the volcano salad, a spicy scallop and the leap roll. I really loved the volcano salad. It had a mixture of seaweed salad, crabmeat and cucumbers and masago. Uber good! Not too much mayo and was light and had a crunch to it with some small pieces of what seemed like fried tempura batter. The spicy scallop handroll was fresh and loved how you get scallop in every bite. It wasn't spicy and I would have preferred some heat since they called it a spicy. I devoured the leap roll because it had all of my favorite fish. It had spicy salmon, yellowtail, white tuna, avocado, crunch, red tobiko, masago, and a spicy aioli. Although, again, the aioli was not spicy as indicated. However, I am not complaining because the roll was still very good and fresh.The rolls are sliced smaller than what I'm used to but they are perfect for me. In Texas, everything is bigger and that even goes for the sushi slices. I got full off of the leap roll but forced myself to try the spicy scallop and snacked on the salad throughout the night.
4	Awesome teriyaki chicken with brown rice. The veggies are fresh and crisp. The secret sauce is just right, not too overwhelming. Not too sweet, not too tart. Oh sooo good! Fish is fresh, usually have the sashimi. I do have to say that the tuna is not consistent.
4	Tucked away on the corner of Trade and Tryon, this is a good stop. The variety wasn't as vast as I typically like with touches of mango, special sweet sauces, and less fried things, but I'm also in the South what should I expect. The fish was fresh, the wait staff was attentive, and the prices were comparable. Overall it was a good choice for dinner to satisfy or at least dull my sushi craving....for now. :)
2	Like Star Search, 2.25...lol. After reading about the lack of value, we considered letting our $25 paid Groupon go to waste. We figured some value is better than none? I did let Groupon know of this issue and they could not do anything about it. All they can do is issue a refund if a business treated you poorly/ closed. Go figure...Reviews were not kidding, this place is SMALL. Started with the tempura and it was tasty.There were a mix  of carrots, mushrooms, shrimp, broccoli and onions.We also tried  3 rolls: Just Pete ( flash fried smoked salmon, crab, avocado, cream cheese + combination sauce), Lox (Flash fried with salmon, crab meat, cream cheese + masago, spicy aioli) & Upper Manhattan (Tuna, salmon, yellowtail, masago + avocado, wrapped in thinly sliced cucumber, ponzu sauce) They were not made tightly -the fillings were falling apart and a tad lukewarm. Glad we did not get sick. Oh well, they get an A for effort. The rice entrees looked good on another's plate. Maybe we will venture back here.
4	Can't say a bad thing about Room 112. Reviews on Yelp were mixed... A lot of comments about the size of the restaurant. I chose 112 over Fujo and Enso based on Yelp, and I'm glad that I did.I came around 8PM on a Tuesday night, and while all of the seats at the sushi bar were occupied (all 6 of them...), there were only 2 other parties seated at tables. In my opinion, and having been to some small sushi bars, this place is just the right size. About 15 tables, mostly 4-tops, which means that the chefs can handle their guests and you can still feel like you're not just dining at home.The maki rolls I ordered were good (nothing incredible, but the fish was fresh) and the service was excellent. Prices were respectable as well (keeping in mind that I'm used to prices in the DC market...).Would absolutely recommend, and will return to again.
3	A little surprised at the 4 star rating this place has.  Maybe it was the time I went, maybe it was because this was following up a phenomenal brazilian bbq experience the night before (see my Chima review).  Fish was ok, but not the freshest I've had.  My server was kind of friendly, but she never came to check on me.  I had to keep asking them for things.  Although a trendy atmosphere, the staff's overall uninterested attitude makes for an underwhelming experience.
4	Great sushi, some of the best in town. The Pink Floyd roll and the Room 112 are the jam. Good atmosphere, good drinks good sushi.
4	I went tonight with a friend. I was unsure if to get chicken pad thai or chicken Kung pao. I decided for the second one. Delicious!!
4	Sushi Combo B. Solid choice and value for lunch.
4	This is based on a Sushi Lunch pick-up order. I ordered the Sushi Combo B, which includes one maki roll, from a list of about 7 choices, and 4 pieces of nigiri, from a selection as well. I chose the Spicy Salmon Roll with a piece of Tuna, Salmon, Yellowtail, and White Tuna. For $10.95 this option comes with a ginger house salad, and I added a wonton soup. The sushi was good, especially the Spicy Salmon Roll. And, both the soup and salad were great.What a great sushi spot, for pick-up within 10 minutes.
4	This is definitely a solid Asian fusion place!  They have very good sushi rolls and sashimi.  They also make a great variety of Asian food from Chinese, Thai, and Japanese style food.  When I go I usually get their sushi rolls:I love their:-Spicy tuna and salmon roll-Scallop roll and yellow tail roll-Tempura roll: Shrimp tempura at its best inside a tastey roll!I have also tired their dishes.  Here are some must tries:-Seasme chicken and beef! -Kung Pow Chicken (a bit spicy)-Mango chicken (I love their awesome mango sauce)The workers and wait staff here are very nice and quick to serve you!  I will be here very frequently.  Enjoy!
5	Came in here hoping for some yummy sushi and was not disappointed.  Loved the volcano roll!  My parents, who were a little nervous about sushi, ordered rice dishes and loved them too. In fact, got them a crispy california roll which they loved, and couldnt keep them away from my volcano.  Great food and very reasonable prices!
4	Lunch combo - 2 maki rolls and salad for $9.  Cant beat it. One of my favorite lunch spots right in the center of uptown.
4	Wow better than expected!  Stopped in here last night for a birthday dinner and was pleasantly surprised.  We had the edamame appetizer - came out warm and perfect!  I had the Crunchy roll and the Spider roll - both fantastic!!  The rolls were put together beautifully and were the perfect size.  I hate sushi rolls that are too big!!!  Our waitress was a doll and worked with our large group perfectly.This place may be a little hard to find if you are not familiar with Uptown.  It's address is Tryon but there are two entrances.  They put out placards on the street to help you and I am pretty sure they have valet parking!  Bon Appetite!
3	Tucked away to the point of you literally could live here for years and never know it was there, Room 112 is a hidden little gem.  I've walked by and noticed it but never felt the need to eat there but finally had the chance last week.  I walked away pretty impressed with the place. The sushi was really good but my sea bass entree left me wanting more unfortunately.  I mean it was fine, but just fine.  The service was fantastic and our waitress kept up with our large group table perfectly.  If I were to go back I would just stick to the sushi side of the menu probably.Parking is tough here.  They have valet but it's just a guy out on South Tryon sitting in a car apparently.  No official valet stand.
5	By far best sushi in charlotte! Came for my best friend's bday and can definitely say it was well worth it. Room 112 roll is amazing. Martinis are perfect for a girls night! Cannot wait to return!!! Definitely recommend!!
2	I went here with a group of 5 other ladies for a birthday party. It's a little difficult to find, but to the person who said it was behind the waterfall, great job because that is about how you would describe it. I made reservations because they request that you do for a party of 5 or more. They were very accommodating even tho I had to push back the reservations about an hour before our scheduled time. When we got there I ordered a vodka, Sprite with house vodka (later on found out that is Aristocrat :P), it was ok. I ordered the Chicken Pad Thai, because at Viet Thai Noodle House this dish is amazing, but I had never had it elsewhere. Other people at the table ordered wine, and sushi rolls. When the Pad Thai came out I just did not like it at all. It tasted like the sauce was sweet and sour sauce, which was confusing. Everyone seemed to enjoy their sushi rolls, but when you're ordering just watch what it's rolled in because someone that was expecting the standard rice and seaweed, got cucumber. Overall, I thought the service was pretty good, the prices were good for uptown, but the food was just not there.
4	Great food drinks service but was high priced
4	A lot of people don't know this place even exists. It's tucked away on a corner at Trade and Tryon.I've been here several times for group dinners. Most recently, on Saturday night for a birthday. The space is pretty small, so it does fill up quite quickly.Pretty sure I've had almost every roll on the menu. Everything is great. I get something different each time. The ingredients are fresh and delicious. I always get sushi when I come here, but the menu also has noodles, fried rice, wok, hibachi, specialty, etc type dishes.We go through a lot of hot house saki every trip here. I think the staff gets a big kick out of watching our group.It can be a little pricey to eat here. My friend and I had drinks (maybe a saki added in there too.. can't remember now), two rolls, few pieces of nigiri, miso soups... with gratuity added it was about $80.If you work/live/stay uptown, this is a great place to walk to for a sushi fix. Parking may be a little challenging if you have to drive. On the weekends, there is a valet. Week nights... parking on the street (if you can find it) is free after 6pm. A lot of the garages around there though are just $5.
5	One of the best sushi restaurants I've been to in years, inclusive of some of the best spots in L.A. and S.F.They don't offer omakase, but the nigiri is excellent. I started with edamame and some cold saki, which hit the spot. I followed with toro, sake, etc and it was unbelievable. Go. You won't regret it...
5	Great sushi and reasonably priced. Comfy seating as well. A little tucked away, but great find while traveling to Charlotte!
5	Excellent service, very good food. We weren't sure if it was the place for us because they had no kids menu, but it was perfect.  My boys loved the tempura oysters and sashimi yellow tail. Would recommend with or without kids.
5	It was better than expected. The Upper and Lower Manhattan rolls were great. Fresh tasty and excellent service too. Glad I found Room 112 on Yelp.
5	get the pink floyd roll!i love 112!when i worked uptown we went at least twice a week - everything i have had was fantastic. keep up the good work!
4	The dining room may be tiny, but the sushi here is so good! I think it is one of the most reasonably priced Sushi restaurants around also.. The only draw backs are the street parking and every time I've been here the service has been a little slow. I recommend the cherry blossom roll, it comes in the shape of a flower and its wrapped with pink seaweed!
2	Sushi was good, but the service was terrible.  The server forgot 2 of the orders, and also got one of the orders wrong and argued with us that we didn't say to hold the sauce.  Also argued with me that I ordered an item I did not order.   No apologies made for the mistakes. The service needs to be at least on par with the food and price.  Not the case at this restaurant.  Too many other options in uptown Charlotte to have poor service and survive.
5	Hidden in a downtown bank building, Room 112 is easy to miss. But once you take the time to find it, you will be glad that you did. The environs are dark, modern, and comfortable, the staff friendly, and the menu tantalizing with enough variety to suit many palates. My companion and I opted for gyoza, a Just Pete sushi roll (fried smoked salmon, crab, avocado, and cream cheese), a beef and vegetable stir fry, and Singapore rice noodles with chicken and shrimp. The flavors were well-balanced, the meat was tender, and everything was fresh and fragrant. This might be the best-smelling restaurant I've ever had occasion to frequent. Prices were moderate, with good-sized portions for the money: We paid $6 for the app, $10 for the sushi, and $11-$12 each for the entrees. Ultimately, one who has enjoyed a lot of Asian cuisine won't be breaking any new ground here, but what familiar favorites Room 112 offers, it does damn well.
3	The hamachi (yellowtail) we had here was a very generous portion and absolutely perfect. The sushi chef and kitchen staff know what they are doing here. The ambiance/interior design is kind of dated and it's a little weird to have a spot in a bank, but we liked the food (lunch) a lot. The only sort of unpleasant thing was that one of the staff (bartender?) was hanging around before her shift (I'm guessing) and was very unprofessionally spreading her crap out on the bar as she ate her meal, and then was going back and forth behind the counter, while she complained loudly about something personal. It was intrusive. I worked in restaurants throughout my 20s, so I'm not being prissy about this. It's just bad form. Other than that, it was a pretty good experience and I would eat here again.
4	A bit hard to find but well worth the hunt! In town for work and always look for a good sushi place, saw the reviews and thought we should check it out. We were sat right away and service was fast and friendly!The sashimi was fresh and absolutely delicious. Definitely try the white tuna sashimi and salmon nigiri- two of our groups favorite choices of the evening. They have very inventive rolls- Upper Manhattan roll was awesome! No rice and was wrapped in cucumber. Overall all of the rolls had minimal rice as a filler and really emphasized the fish. Everything was reasonably priced and came out fast and was presented beautifully. Will definitely go back next time I'm in town!
4	We were only in Charlotte for 2 days but this place was by far the best out of all the places we tried. It's like a hidden gem because it's in an odd corner of a building. But don't give up looking for this place if you are looking because it's worth the stop. We ordered the Philadelphia roll, which comes with smoked salmon. We don't really care for smoked salmon so we asked if they can make it with fresh salmon and they did. It was very fresh and great portion. I only wish I could have ordered more. We also ordered the spicy tuna, it had just the right hint of spice and the tuna was very fresh. We also ordered the chicken pad thai - this dish was good but it had a bit too much sauce. I would have preferred it to be less soupy and a little more thick on the sauce side. The house fried rice was absolutely delicious. My mouth watered with every single bite, it was fresh and it wasn't overly greasy like in other places. This place is a must try. If I ever go back to Charlotte, I will definitely be back.
5	Food was amazing! Pink Floyd roll is a definitely a must try. Service was great, nice little modern spot.
4	I've been all around the Uptown sushi bars during lunch when I'm at the office, but after spending my days there, I rarely venture there at night.  For lunch sushi, Room 112 is my favorite, but I thought to give it a fair review, I needed to go for dinner.  One night I walked over after work to do just that.  Rather than getting the lunch combo, like I ordinarily do, I was able to sample 2 special rolls off the dinner menu.  As usual, Room 112 sent out some good sushi in a small, intimate space.  I was happy to find out that they don't cut back on quality on lunch as the dinner sushi was just as good as what I get during the day.  Room 112 will remain my favorite Uptown sushi spot until something comes along that really blows my socks off.  That has not yet occurred.
5	I've wanted to try Room 112 for lunch, but every time I went on my break there  was a wait. I ventured there today with coworkers and made sure to arrive at 11:45 to avoid the rush and a wait. We started out with steamed Gyoza, which was so good! Following, we ate 12 (yes 12) rolls because there were so many choices! We got two of each of the staples...Cali roll and Spicy tuna roll. The California roll was good and the spicy tuna roll was okay. Following 8: (2) Cherry Blossoms...AMAZING so good. The Spider Roll is typically my fave and it was soooo good. The Pink Floyd and Salmon Dream were also really great and total hits. I can't remember which other three rolls we got (sorry) but those were also great. One of us got a ginger salad and a couple of cokes brought us in at $140 plus tip... not bad. Its worth the price because the cheaper stuff at KO down the road is terrible. I will be back! (Doesn't beat New Zealand Cafe but comes darn close!)
4	I love sushi... This is my first attempt at finding good sushi in Charlotte after recently moving here. This place was pretty good! Good choice of appetizers, drinks, and sushi. The sushi was good... Not the best I've had but definitely not the worst. The restaurant was quaint, service was great... I would recommend this place.
1	Caught one of the sushi chefs assemble rolls with the same gloves he touched his phone with and proceeded to make rolls as if it's sanitary. Informed the manager on shift, she didn't seem to care much. Haven't been ever since and wouldn't recommend to any one.
2	The food here is great. I got the sexy salmon and spicy salmon but the group I was w got a variety of food that they all loved. The sushi took over an hour though which was frustrating since the cooked portions came out after about 30 minutes which is still pretty long. The service was pretty bad, when the sexy salmon came out the waiter torched it on top without warning me at all and I almost had a heart attack. After half of is waiting over an hour for sushi then the waiter disappeared and we had to wait about 15 minutes more for the check. None of our food was discounted so I paid $25 for a meal I only ate half of because I filled up on rice and miso soup. I would recommend it for taste but be prepared to wait!
5	Ah, this was my first visit but it was awesome. I'm not a sushi snob but I've had enough to know the good stuff. Definitely worth your time and money to check it out.  awesome!
5	Great sushi. Had the Salmon Dream and the Spicy Tuna roll. Service was great and quite friendly. The space may be a little small but the atmosphere is very relaxing. The location was easy to fun with it being just behind the waterfall on the corner of Trade and Tryon
4	cool, nothing amazing.intimate spot. Hungry, go eat.Shit, thats it folks.
5	Great food. Good service. Nice ambience. Fresh sushi. Beautiful presentation. I had the 5 course meal during Restaurant Week. I wish I had taken pictures but I didn't want to look like the sometimes semi-immature adult that I can be since I was with strangers who didn't take pics. I will definitely visit again. Website says valet parking but there isn't any.
5	Really good. My husband and I went on a Saturday night and it wasn't so full around the time we went in. So it was pretty nice. We ordered the California roll, the super crunchy, the Philadelphia, the other California roll,two spring rolls, and a sex on the beach. We had a total of 8 orders of sushi and our total was about $60 We like this place and the atmosphere. Definitely going there again. It's a must try.
4	My husband and I just went to Room 112 this past weekend and we loved it. We made a reservation but we were one of two tables when we got there which was nice. The place was busier when we left but for a Saturday it was quiet. Maybe because there were all kinds of things going on at the Stadiums that day and it was early.The food was really really good.... We got several rolls but our favorites were the Pink Floyd and the 112.... We each had a glass of wine too. The servers were very nice and our food was well presented. I'm not sure how long this place has been in Charlotte but I will be there again. It is a little hidden so if you're just driving by Tryon you won't see it.
4	Always a good meal no matter what you get! This time I got the Pad Thai, even though Sushi was calling my name! Just had to try it. And it didn't disappoint, though it's not the best in town by a longshot. Still a decent dish with plenty of chicken and the sweet/heat noodles known as Pad Thai. Note: This dish could have used more heat.....just saying.Overall a good meal for a really good price!
4	Food was great & so was the sushi!
4	Good location for people working in uptown Charlotte to dine at. I've been here about 5-6 times, but have only tried their sushi. Sushi was always fresh and service was quick. Tip - if you sit at the bar and order sushi, you can ask the head chef what he recommends (aka, whats "most" fresh).Overall - above average experience.
5	Great sushi and Asian fare! Service is always quick and the food is always amazing. This has become a staple in my boyfriend and I's "go to" restaurants. Highly recommend!
3	Visiting Charlotte and checked out this place twice for dinner.  This place is one of the few Asian options near the Convention Center without having to drive somewhere.  Ordered the sesame soy tuna tartare and Upper Manhattan roll.  Enjoyed the tartare, but didn't enjoy the cucumber wrap on the Manhattan roll.  That's just a personal preference and probably should have just had sashimi.  The 2nd time I got the chirashi and appreciated the sushi chef putting in decent size fish versus chopping up pieces like some restaurants do.
5	awesome sushi. And appitizers. Fast service and friendly. Look, i eat out alot so i know good from bad and in between, this.place is worth your money. And a cool.location if your uptown Charlotte near trade and tryon st.
3	When in-town for for a short while, I quickly pulled up Room 112, trusting the local Yelpers hoping that I could get some good sushi on the fly. I wasn't let down and had a good time. - Average wait time- Free valet in the front- Located within a hotel- Prices are reasonableThe place was a bit hard to find at first since it's within a hotel and I'm not from the area. It took a while to get seated and service was slow but I arrived last minute during prime-time to grab a bite so it was expected. I left with a $50 bill for two people and for the quality was on-point.All-in-all I chowed down on five rolls and an order of Sashimi. There were some high and low points with the meal but overall the quality was much higher than I've experienced in the South with Sushi. My wife always plays it safe and her food turned out better because it was more basic so beware. If you like to experiment with new food like I do, you might get something that is lacking.Fancy doesn't mean better.I ordered a King tuna ($9.95) and Rainbow roll ($8.95) to start. You can;t really go wrong with either because of the amount of fish that's slammed together. The King Tuna had a dabble of sauce on top which was supposed to be all of the flavor you get, but really didn't do much to add to the roll but serve as eye candy.I followed up with some Smoked salmon sashimi ($4.25) and a Shrimp hand roll ($4.95) which is always a winner as long as the fish is fresh. I would have liked to order some more sashimi since this was so delicious. Fresh salmon just melts on your tongue like butter!My wife went for the Crunchy Cali roll ($7.95) and Super Crunchy Roll ($9.95) which are common staples in the American sushi restaurant. There is not much to say here other than you're playing it safe and don't expect and explosion of flavor.When eating at Room 112 you're getting the typical restaurant-in-a-hotel prices in a nice setting with reasonable food and service. If you live in the city or are just dropping by this place is worth a try.
3	Went to Room 112 a few weeks ago on one of my nights out. We arrived around 7:30 and while the place wasn't packed the waitresses seem a little disorganized. The waiter we had while slow and was very nice and polite.  We ordered soups(seafood soup), appetizer(the salt and pepper shrimp), and 2 sushi rolls.  The soup was awesome, the salt and pepper shrimp a little under whelming more like the what you would get when ordering hot and sour chicken without the sauce..just some pepper sprinkled on top.  The sushi rolls were pretty good.Overall I would return if asked or in the area and needing a bite to eat.
4	Overall very good, clean and busy. They had a lot of maki roll options but they are mostly tempura based fried in some way. But I did have the grasshopper roll and the seaweed salad on top was a good flavor addition
5	Delicious lunch!! Pink Floyd, cherry blossom and steak sushi roll are so spot on. Thanks for the other reviews - I will definitely be back!
5	The sushi is definitely worth the price. It's in a nice office building. Not too crowded on the weekdays. Lunch hours 12-4. Wait time is short. I'm from NJ and this is definitely the best sushi I ever had.
