5	We went here for brunch on a Saturday. Wonderful flank steak sandwich with field greens. The brunch menu was extensive (as well as the lunch choices) and the outdoor dining was awesome! Best brunch we've had in a long time, would recommend it to anyone!
4	Took out of town clients here for dinner and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves on the outdoor patio. Good selection of wines, but what really impressed us were the scallops and ribeye. Try one of the flatbreads - our favorite was the grape and blue cheese (trust me on this) combination. Attentive, friendly service, and be sure to try the dessert!
5	I've been here twice since Veranda opened and am thrilled with the changes they've made. Starting with the decor- the addition of booths in the front bar are a fantastic idea, and I love the outdoor bar! Service on both occasions has been really warm and friendly- knowledgeable, professional servers. But- the FOOD! From the bruschetta to the flatbreads to the small plates and pasta dishes- literally everything I've eaten has been delicious. Of the desserts, if you don't order the bananas Foster, I just don't know what's wrong with you!
5	Just had (Saturday) brunch of Artichoke & Sun Dried Tomato Benedict with cheese grits - incredible!!  The ambience is clean and open; great bar selection and excellent menu.  Will definitely go again and again!
3	I am very happy that Fitchburg has a restaurant in place for the old continental but I think it still needs some work.  I see a lot of positive reviews and I wish mine could be but it is not.   Veranda = OkI seriously was expecting more especially on taste.  I will say the service was excellent and the outdoor patio is very nice but the food to me was bland and boring.The bruchettas we just average and the couple that we had just lacked something to me.  We also had the chorizo,shrimp and jalapeno flat bread and that has zero taste at all.   Honestly they must use the weakest peppers in the world.Finally I had some seared scallops and wow was I disappointed.  First off I only  get three tiny scallops and they did taste decent but I only got three.   They were served over a lot of spinach.  Now, if I was Popeye, that would be great but I am the guy who wants scallops and I only got three.I am not ruling Veranda out because I did have a good experience and the food was not bad but it just lacks flavor.    I will try again sometime and maybe my opinion will change.
5	Sashimi Ahi Tuna and Side Pork.Out of the ordinary, light, flavorful, and delicious starterWrapped Greens.Light simple delicious. Dressing is amazing. Could be a nice starter dish.SpiediniOrder it, enough said***** Request Sherman as your server, he is very knowledgeable in all areas (wine, food, drink). He also goes above and beyond to make your night great!
5	Just came to visit from Austin, and had lunch at Veranda on the way from the airport.  Awesome Tilapia sandwich -- grilled perfectly with some kind of lime sauce.  Highly recommend it.  And the service was superb .  So helpful and knowledgable , but extremely friendly as well.  Would become regulars here if we were local !
5	I have dined here several times and absolutely loved it.  First off, the brunch is by far the best in town.  If you like eggs Benedict they offer a variety of different options.  My favorite being the beef tenderloin Benedict with bacon and citrus hollandaise sauce.  For dinner they offer flatbread pizzas, pasta, and a variety of small plates.  I would highly recommend the oysters veranda style, the little neck clams, and sashimi tuna. Give this place a try!
5	Amazing. Amazing I've been here 5 months and never heard a peep about this place. Amazing that happy hour starts at 3.... 3! That's when I wake up most days. Amazing staff.Amazing but odd but quirky but charming but warm interior. Amazing it's in Fitchburg. Sorry Fitchburg but the rest of my meals there have been lackluster.And Veranda takes the title of Best Mussels I Ever Ate. This isn't an official contest sanctioned by Yelp or anything, just something random I made up right now, but it bears repeating... Veranda in Fitchburg has the Best Mussels I Ever Ate. They're huge... HUGE, and they're served in a simple Chablis and butter broth. What's Chablis you ask? Well here's a funny story...It was my junior year in college and my friend and acting classmate Mary and I decided it would be fun to buy a new wine every Sunday (because we were legal) and read a bit about it in this book she received as a gift about wine. Being college students we wanted to get the most bang for our buck so we walked out of Meijer with a jug of Chablis. We poured two glasses, nuzzled up on the couch, and flipped to the white section and to the C's to begin learning. ChampagneChardonnayChenin blancWait a minute... what happened to Chablis? Apparently our book decided Chablis wasn't worth mentioning. Apparently neither to most wine drinkers, bartenders and residents of Chablis. That was the end of our weekly wine tasting. However, in this instance I'm happy to report it made for some bomb broth. My dinner date and I also shared some charcuterie, I'll tell you a story about charcuterie later. That was phenomenal as well. And so was the bruschetta starter where you can select 4 from a list of 8 or so. 8 different sorts? It's true. All in all it was an awesome evening and I can't wait to get back there for more!
4	A great selection of menu items, including high quality cuts of meat in the charcuterie plate we ordered. The salad was fresh and carefully arranged. The service was fantastic, attentive and friendly without being intrusive. The steamed mussels were good, but over-salted for my taste. It has a romantic atmosphere without the pretension, so it's a great place to go for a casual but earnest date.
4	Tremendous place to have a fantastic diverse selection from menu.  Little something for everyone.  Service we had was world class (Keith).  Proper service, great menu, relaxed feel and cool atmosphere for a place that has been open well under a year (asked the lady checking on tables, she stated July 2012)
4	Awesome appetizers!  The steaks are decent and the side dishes not bad.  Tried the caramel flan but found it generic.  Overall a great place for dinner but not going to win awards.
2	I went during restaurant week and low staff attendance.  I'd rather try them again before i make any sore of written review.
3	The things that were great about our meal were truly great. But there were a number of things that missed the mark.It was graduation weekend, and the kitchen and wait staff seemed overwhelmed. Everything - drinks, appetizers, taking orders -- took longer than expect. Our entrees were absolutely delicious. Between us, we ordered the short ribs, the lamb chops and a seafood pasta. The eggplant involitini as an appetizer was wonderful, too. A few dishes missed the mark. We ordered the mussels because of rave reviews on yelp. Our were tough and overcooked. Our Bananas Foster was sort of odd, with a chewy piece of bread in the middle, which required cutting, but no knife was provided. I was very surprised that forks and knives were never changed out throughout the entire meal. With shared plates and multiples courses, one fork from appetizer through dessert seemed odd and unpolished.The highlights we high enough that we will surely be back. Hopefully it will be a less crazy weekend, there will be fewer kinks, and I'll just ask for a new fork if I want one!
5	Really liked the appetizers & food. And specially loved the drinks. One of the best Cucumber Martinis I've ever had.
4	If you loved the Cafe Continental formerly located in downtown Madison just off the square you'll also love Veranda which has essentially the same menu. The brunch at Veranda is a delicious pleasure. The steak benedict is as delicious as I remember. This new location lacks the intimacy of Cafe Continental but it adds a very large outdoor seating area. The food here is delicious and comes with friendly service. Highly recommended.
2	A lot of cash for not a lot of food.  The food tasted ok but I paid $28 bucks for a ribeye that was as thin as a burger at a fast food joint.  The have way to many items on the menu and the waiter couldnt answer simple questions about any of the items from out party of 6.
3	Quite frankly, I'm not sure how the reviews for this place are so good. We went for lunch for Restaurant Week, and it was really pretty meh.Started with the smoked salmon on crostini--definitely the highlight of the meal. The smoked salmon was done in-house and seasoned well. Really good. The greens that came with it, though, were oily and overdressed. Points off.For the entree, all three of us got the short ribs--they were really, really mediocre. I mean...just not that good. The pieces were overly fatty (so much so that there wasn't much meat on them), there was a bizarre, hoisin-like sauce on top and then a random piece of parsley (maybe cilantro?). Honestly, the dish came across as confused. The mixed rice told me they were going for Asian inspiration, but the flavors just didn't really work. What meat was actually on the short ribs was good, but didn't stand out.Dessert was profiteroles--the ice cream was absolutely delicious, but let's be realistic--everything that comes from Babcock Hall is delicious. Profiteroles were good, but nothing special. Whipped cream wasn't as thick as it should've been, and was really falling apart.I debated giving them 2 stars, but the salmon was truly great, as was the service. As for whether I'd go back? No. Restaurant Week is an opportunity for a place to show off how good it is, so I'm willing to go back when it's not RW. Veranda certainly didn't do that.
4	According to friends Veranda is supposed to be at the same level as Eno Vino--and the person that told us that was SEVERELY mistaken. Eno vino is a classy place with an amazing variety of dishes. Veranda is good in its own right--much more expensive if you're going there for the tapas atmosphere as their tapas are expensive. You're better off ordering off the main menu. We got bruschetta (Yellow Squash with bacon & gorgonzola, Smoked Salmon dill cream cheese, slivered red onions & capers, Beef Tenderloin with boursin & pickled red onion, and Prosciutto & Fresh Mozzarella, tomato, basil & balsamic drizzle) which were all great! And one main dish (Rigatoni Veranda Style sliced Italian sausage, fresh mozzarella, olive oil, Roma tomatoes, garlic, pine nuts, olives & fresh basil in a signature tomato sauce) to split between two. The pasta dish came already split for us in separate plates (much appreciated). We were stuffed and the bill was pretty low! Happy overall with the food and service. Very clean tastes and very true to the flavors of the ingredients. As far as the ambiance, Veranda is certainly trying-the huge gilded mirror is beautiful and their outdoor area seemed pretty (we were indoors). The dishes are beautifully prepared and presented nicely. But the servers and host were all VERY casual. The way that they talked and conducted themselves left us both feeling like the restaurant's staff need to have more training before they can really be a classy place. Right now they are caught in the middle and need a bit more time to really hone their skills.  Besides that our waiter noticed our attire (we were pretty dressed up considering it was a Thursday night) and asked if we were celebrating something--we were, we just got engaged!!-- and he brought out a dessert compliments of Veranda. (Thanks!!) It was a coffee ice cream stuffed inside a biscuit (not sure of the name-sorry) drizzled in some chocolate sauce with cream. It was really rich and great but definitely wasn't fresh, the ice cream was WAY frozen and the biscuit thing was good but a little hard.
5	Had brunch at the Veranda and was pleased to see many of my favorites from the old downtown Cafe Continental on the menu.Highly recommend:Smoked Salmon Benedict Bananas Foster French Toast!!!Amazing breakfast potatoes Veranda's signature coffee truffle ice cream (if you're feeling indulgent)Everything else on the menu looks great as well, I'll be back for sure.
2	We ordered the salmon entree.  The food took an incredibly long time to be served which lead me to believe they had forgotten our meal and then made it in a rush.  It was under cooked and had to be sent back.  I probably would not return to Veranda.
3	Great food. Great people. Great ambiance. Great location. Woefully understaffed. I understand I was here on Mother's Day, but multiple people were walking out an hour after ordering when they still had not gotten their food. The waitress was out of breath and obviously way overworked. They should be able to anticipate holiday demand better than this.
1	What a disappointment. Had reservations for Mother's Day brunch....waited 50 minutes, still no food. Asked the hostess to find out when we would be served; she never returned. Asked waitress...she never returned. Ended up leaving without eating. The hostess and owner were combative, rather than apologetic. Would never return after such awful customer service and disrespectful behavior.
1	Please don't bother.  If you are an employee of the Veranda Restaurant I would seriously consider finding another position.  The owner's clearly do not respect you otherwise they wouldn't have put you in the position they did for Mother's Day 2014.Even though we had reservations we waited for an hour for our food to arrive.  Our server, who by the end of the experience was close to tears, was attempting to work 2 rooms single-handedly.  One room had 3 large parties and the smaller room had 7 tables. I saw two tables leave our room before any food arrived.  Our food arrived before one of the tables that left, who already had their drinks when we were seated. When the food finally arrived it was cold.  How can you serve cold Eggs Benedict? You clearly don't value your patrons any more than you do your servers.  If you aren't staffed to handle a rush on a busy weekend don't take any more reservations.  If your kitchen is in the weeds and can't keep up make sure you are walking the room apologizing, informing and perhaps even offering free drinks.  A free drink would be a small price to pay in order to try and hang onto a customer in such circumstances.  During the wait for our food no one bothered to check-in or apologize.  Our server certainly couldn't,she was way to overworked to care.The final insult was that the server brought our check back to the table without running the card.  I took the check to the host stand  and the host rolled her eyes when I explained the situation.  Initially she didn't even  volunteer to run the check herself.  I had to ask her specifically to do that.
2	I made reservations for Mother's Day, and I've definitely had better brunches. The outdoor seating was nice, and it was not too packed when we got there at 11. As other reviews have stated, they were very clearly understaffed for Mother's Day brunch. Our service wasn't the worst I've had, but it left a lot to be desired. No apologies or recognition that it was pretty slow. My mom had to try 3 times to flag down a server to refill her coffee.I had the Mediterranean omelet with cheesy grits, and it was okay. I did not like the grits - not a lot of taste there. The mimosas were fine, nothing special. My dad said his omelet was okay, not great. My mom really enjoyed her Smoked Salmon omelet. Overall, nothing fantastic, especially considering the service. I wouldn't say that I refuse to go back, but I will seek out many other options before I try to come back here.
1	We have been there probably half a dozen times and had good food and speedy service.  This past Mother's Day, despite having a reservation, we waited 1hour and 45 minutes to get our food.  There was no explanation, no apology, and no attempt to make it right.  We will not be back anytime soon, and for sure not on any holiday when they won't be properly staffed.
4	This review is on Happy Hour only. And I'd give it two thumbs up for happy hour. Nice selection of happy hour drinks and menu items, awesome patio space so you can sit outside and it goes from 3-7 pm. Can't beat those times. I hate happy hours that end at 6.
5	A really great Italian restaurant. It is a regular in our rotation.Food is outstanding, possibly the best Italian in the Madison area.Atmosphere and service are great. Staff are all friendly and you can tell they enjoy working there.
3	Good apps and excellent wine list!  I loved their caprese sliders and I even stole the idea for a party.
5	Just returned from a restaurant week experience with my parents. Veranda far exceeded my expectations of venturing off the isthmus, and the whole table thoroughly enjoyed it. I devoured some melt-in-your-mouth short ribs. 5th star goes to our personable and professional waiter, Keith (?). Great service!
