5	I've been going to this shop since they were in the meadows mall and I'm so happy that they finally got there own place!! I love this store!! They always have an amazing selection of plus size rockabilly and pinup clothing and great accessories. The girls are always so sweet and I can't wait till they open their pinup photo shop, it's going to be amazing!! You definitely need to check this place out you won't be sorry!!
5	This shop is a little slice of rockabilly heaven right in the middle of the desert!  Rockin' Bettie's has all sizes! Men's clothes,  kids clothes and of course dresses, pants, shirts, and bathing suits. Lot's of pursues,  wallets and accessories.  The owner is awesome and super knowledgeable!
5	All expectations that I had before coming to this place was completely met! First off, we came a little late and Amy, without hesitation, kept the store open just for us. She helped us pick out a few really cute things and was super sweet. On top of that the prices were fantastic and they have events every month!
5	We absolutely LOVE Rockin' Bettie's! I find that retro look dresses flatter my figure more than modern styles. Even better than that, these dresses are the only kind I can getmy "more punk than you" teenager into without a fight. All of the staff are friendly and helpful and I can also get "Suavecito" pomade there for my Mr. The only downside to Rockin Bettie is what it does to my wallet. I want EVERYTHING there!
5	If you love rockabilly and pinup clothing, but don't want to break the bank, then this is a must-stop place while in Vegas! They carry brands like H & R London, Lindy Bop, and Pinup Couture. Really reasonably priced and great selection for all sizes of women. They also carry some men's clothing and tons of accessories. I was so glad to have found this place! I added a couple new pieces to my collection!
5	Love love love love love! I needed a dress for a special occasion and went here with my bestie to see what goodies I would find. The girl working was incredibly helpful and helped pick out a few that were the best candidates. She even brought back a petticoat to make sure I got the full effect of each dress. I only needed one dress, but when you put one on and can't stop fanning it out, or twirling, I guess buying two is completely acceptable.Prices were comparable with what you'll find online, except you don't have to wait on these and you walk out knowing how great you'll look later. Oh, and that whole support local thing. :DFabulous products, fabulous customer service, great prices. Will definitely be back.
