1	It was time for me to update my business wardrobe.When it's that time,there are 3 Houses I look to.Hugo BossSt.JohnRalph LaurenHad never been in the Lauren store at Biltmore and decided to give it a whirl.It was Sunday afternoon last week and it wasn't busy.Wasn't empty either,but not only was I not greeted by the 2 sales women at the front of the shop,in fact they both turned away from me!As I meandered, I did see a skirt on a manniquen that I liked and wanted to try with a summer white crisp jacket also displayed on a different manniquen.I passed by a few more salespeople who when I got near,managed to turn their backs to me or to quickly engage someone else in conversation.Hell,I would have been happy if a security guard started paying attention to me..I couldn't find the skirt or jacket anywhere on the racks,and went to seek out the help of the sales staff.I walked back up to the front of the shop where the skirt was on the manniquen,in the hopes of purchasing it.You would think at this point someone would ask if they could help me.I was obviously looking for something and someone who could assist.One of the women who turned her back to me when I walked in,saw me,I smiled,made eye contact and a bee line to her.I started to say "Hello" and she again turned her back and simply walked to the back of the store!I was a bit stunned.At first I figured I'd follow behind asking if she could help me forcing her to just deal,but I decided to not further embarrass myself.Kind of a shame as I did want the jacket and skirt,the paring being around 700.00...I walked over to Macy's,where they did try to assist,but only carry the casual sportswear line of Lauren,and informed me that what I was looking at could only be bought from a Lauren store.I guess I saved some money that day,but still,it was a pretty shitty way to outright profile what you think can't afford to shop in your store....
5	This is a great store.  The men's section is wonderfully edited with a great selection from their many lines (blue label, black, purple, RRL, Golf).  My favorite area in the store is their furnishings/suiting section.  A wonderful selection of ties, pocket squares, and dress shirts.  When you go in be sure to ask for Chuck.
4	WowThis store is huge!  It is at least two to three times larger than their outlet stores at Tangers near Arrowhead, or the one in Anthem. In the past I've been hard on the Ralph Lauren Polo Outlet concept.  Their stores are on the small side and they tend to offer clothing that are made specifically for the outlet distribution channel, rather than what you would find in a department store.  In essence, knockoffs of a knockoffs.Well here, they actually have their normal branded clothing at a flat 30% off. I guess that is what it costs them to be in Macy's and Dillard's. I also found it refreshing that they had a Tall section as well. Nice!
1	I have recently visited the polo outlet with my girlfriend. We decided to make a trip up there because we love the deals, and I am usually a huge polo enthusiest. I was wearing my street clothes, and my girlfriend was too, and when we walked in we were not greeted with anything but disgust. As soon as we walked in, we split in different directions as the genders are divided, and started brousing. As soon as I walked to the sweater section, I was greeted with a very judgemental "Can I help you?" When I replied that i was just looking, he mentioned something on his head piece and three other employees started to walk near me. Wherever I went, these four men would follow me. I may not have been the uptight retired golf enthusiast they are used to seeing, but I am deffinately no thief either. It was very apparent that they thought this however, as whenever I looked at anything, they would look at eachother with dissaproving eyes, and no intention of helping me in the slightest. I understand that at my age, I may not seem like the type to blow a wad here, but i was in the market for a new sweater. Had I not been greeted with disgust and dissaproval, I would have purchased something. If you are looking for poor customer service, and a judgemental environment at a discount rate, this outlett is for you.
5	Terrific store in a wonderful shopping center. Men's selection was plentiful as was the terrific service provided by Hector. I was pleased to find a selection of black label options as well. Definitely recommend spending an afternoon ( weather permitting as this is an outdoor shopping center ) here walking around, grab lunch and do some great shopping!
