1	I hate saying this about any venue that opens in CenPho but this experience was just HORRIBLE!Now granted this was the first day of their soft open but the food prepared by the self professed "Celebrity Chef" was not good ... not even a little.We had two tapas ... the first was the potatoes where were mini and most of them were undercooked and hard. They were not good.We also had Lobster Cakes were were had an extremely intense taste (that I didn't like) and that taste completely drowned out the Lobster. One of the cakes was even cold in the middle.I also had a steak that was under cooked and in no way a great piece of meat (chewy and a strong line of tough fat running through the entire piece).The place is EXTREMELY small and because of that the tables are WAY to close together ... and nearly impossible to navigate without bumping into the people next to you.I'm just sooooo sad that this place was a fail for us.
1	Fine, because I'm tired of this place having such a high rating from fake reviews, I'm going to review my attempt to eat there.We went by last week, walked over there, and the owner was outside.  He told us that they had a soft opening the night before and that they would be open Monday at 4pm for dinner.  Ok pops, we'll be back at 4 on Monday.So Monday rolls around and we are starving by the time we get home from work at 4.  We walk over and there are two "chefs" standing around in the doorway chatting it up while smoking.  We walk up and are like...WTF?  And the guy tells me that the owner is out buying ingredients and that they might open at 5.  So I ask to see a menu and he says "we don't have menus"  Excuse me?"We type them up the day of..."Well that seems horribly inefficient and like a waste of paper.  So how am I supposed to know what you have to eat and if I want to come here?Ya...that's what I thought.  So even though your horribly tacky sign with a car on it (that conveniently doesn't say your name) says you'll be open at 4, you're not open.  And even though you guys are the cooks, you don't know what's on the menu for the night.  That sounds like a recipe for disaster.  I'm on a budget so I'm not just going to walk into your place and eat.  I want to see a menu before I walk in.  Get your act (and your website) together and maybe I will be back.  Until then, I will just walk by and grab a sub at Calabria.
1	I also hate giving a bad review to anything downtown, because it's such an underated and underused community that's developing around my hood, and I want every new business to succeed.  However, I feel the disappointment still within me a day after my so called "celebrity chef" meal.  This is in the top 5 worst meals I've ever paid for.  To start, the hummus was served with store bought lavash, and it wasn't finished by 3 people, and that was not because of the size or lack of hunger, and all three of us love hummus.  The albacore on skewers was overcooked, dry, and served w a "homemade" aoli, that to me tasted like Helman's with a bit of red pepper.  If the majority of the ingredients in a sauce are pre-made, it's not homemade.  That's like buying ceaser salad dressing at the store and adding some parmesan to it and calling it your homemade dressing.  weak.  Lastly the sirloin with chimichurri sauce was also overcooked to about medium well and flavorless other than a seemingly similarly made chimichurri sauce.  This place is just half ass in general.  I put quite a bit more effort and thought into making a sack lunch.  Man, this is my first review on yelp, and i feel like an asshole cuz it's scathing, but I was that disapointed with this place that is trying to be something it is absolutely not.  On a final note, our server was extremely friendly and attentive, though the "celebrity chef" had not educated her on much more than maybe 2 items on the menu.  I hope that somehow, someway they can turn this place around, but as of now, the only thing worth going for is the free, crappy sangria.
3	Had the mussels (in a fantastic thin, spicy marinara sauce) and an albacore tuna sandwich that I'd definitely order again. Sure, it was a little small, but that's kinda the point. Was fun being almost forced to get to know your neighbors.WiFi was a nice touch, too. Can't wait until they serve liquor.(a few months after I wrote this review. Vinery catered an event for a company I work for (kontaktmag.com) in exchange for advertising.)
1	good news this week April 1st they have hired a new chef ... havn't been back yet but will have to see
1	i have high hopes that this place will work out its kinks and live up to standard that the other new downtown restaurants have established.  BUT it has some fatally serious problems.  we went there on the spur of the moment, the staff was very nice, and was obviously proud of their restaurant. the atmosphere was odd and eclectic, but like their signage, not in the enduring way.our hostess/waitress/mother of the "chef" offered us sangria as soon as we sat down (which we later found out was free).  the sangria was good.  i am not a sangria fan, but i enjoyed what they served. it was the best part of the meal, and the one item we ordered that i would have had no problem paying for.  now the food: the most of seasoning was decent; the execution was completely off.  they served bread sticks that looked like they would be doughy and wonderful but they were dry and over salted.i ordered the lamb "lollipops."  the lamb was very thin, and not properly frenched.  i understand that it is a "small plates" restaurant, and the quantity is not my gripe, but i would have rather had one properly frenched lamb chop of reasonable thickness instead of the four paper thin pieces i was served.  Additionally, they were smothered in goat cheese (which was not indicated on the menu) and they were served with cold rice (again, which was not indicated on the menu).  the glazed fennel that was supposed to accompany my dish was no where to be seen.my friend ordered the pork chop, which they were out of and used chicken as a replacement.  but the chicken was raw. enough said.we also ordered the paprika fingerling potatoes.  the potatoes were undercooked and crunchy, covered in cheese, and not a hint of paprika. this is a great location and the owners have a heartwarming amount of enthusiasm.  BUT to be successful among sens, cibo, breadfruit, and moira there needs to be some editing in decor and the "chef," if he is one, needs to step up his culinary skills.
1	Given that this is only one of only a few restaurants in my neighborhood, I had high hopes. Unfortunately, my dining experience was terrible from the get go. There are some good points. First of all, the outdoor seating is lovely, and is a great place to sit and watch people go by. Service is polite and attentive, but not overly chatty. At the moment, complimentary sangria is being offered, because the restaurant does not have a liquor license yet.Now the bad. After I ordered, I was told that the restaurant's credit card machine didn't work. I didn't have any cash on me, so I walked to the Circle K to use the ATM, since that's the closest place. Not the fault of the management, and they were apologetic, so I went. The food was awful. I ordered the Moroccan sliders and the fingerling potatoes. The potatoes were almost completely uncooked and inedible, I had to saw through them with my knife. In addition to that, they were swimming in oil and some sort of white cheese, and had absolutely no flavor. The sliders, which were listed on the menu as being flavored with apricots and spices had no flavor either, and were topped with an unappetizing gob of mayo. The tables had no salt or pepper shakers, so I couldn't even add my own seasoning to try and make the food palatable.When my server came back and asked how the food was, I replied "I don't think you want me to answer that." I said that I didn't want to be rude, but my potatoes were undercooked. When he asked about the burgers, I replied that they were "fine." He graciously offered to not charge me for my meal, and gave me a take out box, so I could try and cook the food through at home. The burgers were fine with some salt, but I couldn't make the potatoes edible and they ended up in the trash.All in all, a lousy experience. I hope this place gets it together, because it would be nice to have another good place to eat in the neighborhood.
1	We've been here twice now, once on one of their many "opening nights" which was awful - more about that in a minute - and once quite a few weeks later in the vain hope that things had improved. They had not. The gf and I live literally across the street and really really really wanted this place to be a great addition to the downtown food scene. We were tragically disappointed.Granted, visiting a new restaurant on opening night is always risky and we weren't expecting greatness but we were also not expecting a hockey-puck steak from the "celebrity chef" and his much-touted wood fire stove. Also, the menu for the evening was a 5 course chef's choice of which we only received 4 courses. Upon reporting this to the server, he didn't know what to do and went to ask Chef Jay who in turn threw up his hands and yelled at the server to "take it off the bill I guess". Uh, Chef, it's an open kitchen, we can see you (not to mention hear you). Also dining this evening was a large group of the Chef's friends who appear to have written all the good reviews seen here for this place. On our second visit we elected to sit outside which was very nice on a Friday evening. Our server was very pleasant and knew the menu well but again, the food was an enormous disappointment. The gf ordered the ribeye special which produced such a fatty piece of meat it was nearly inedible, not to mention it was waaaaaay overcooked. Again. The scallop appetizer sounded good in theory but the scallops tasted frozen and the sauce lacked any real excitement. For a restaurant that appears to be marketing itself as urban fine dining with a celebrity chef, Vinery 214 leaves much to be desired and we definitely won't be back. Free sangria can only make you forgive so much.
2	After much consideration, I decided my previous rating unfairly portrayed Vinery. That 3-star rating was heavily influenced by ambiance and vision, two very important aspects of a restaurant. When applied to the food, not just the space in which the food is served. I'm not giving up on Vinery, but rather challenging them to rise above the mediocrity that was apparent in our meal. Trust me, I will be back. And when Vinery has developed its standing in the downtown foodie destination guide I'll be proud of how far it's come along. Until then...====================================================Such a difficult place to review, because I see so much potential. It's a great location, tucked into an awesome neighborhood. The interior is intimate and has some great cosmetic touches. I like the idea of having the kitchen behind the counter, so you are right there in the action. Service is good, without the annoying hovering, and isn't rushed so this lends itself nicely to a slow meal to enjoy as much as possible. The complimentary sangria is pretty good (however, Dottsy's Slap me Silly Sangria has lifted the bar rather high). And offering a four-course Monday night meal for $10 is brilliant in any economic situation. Plus, they have a tapas menu. And now, the ubiquitous "but." But: Egg rolls shouldn't collapse on themselves from over frying. The slaw was good, but the egg roll could have been removed from the fryer several minutes earlier. But: English cucumbers are one of my favorites, however they don't have such a long shelf live. Mixed with vine-ripened tomatoes is a great idea; however, bringing some zing with feta cheese and a light sprinkling fresh dill and a splash of balsamic would really bring this salad to life. Perhaps I'm partial to the hummus I make and Crazy Jim's pita bread, so I'll leave it at that... But: Skirt steak should never be used for anything other than fajitas, cooked fast and hard. This is not a good cut of meat to have wrapped around a starch. Possibly fresh asparagus...but, leave it in the fajita mix. The rice was entirely too over-seasoned, even for a saltaholic like me. But: Merchant Services can be just as much your friend as your enemy. Americans use credit cards for $1 purchases, so certainly we would use them for dining out. Not having a working CC machine puts your customers in a very awkward situation. Granted, there is relatively close access to ATMs and even the Circle K. But, if you have to send your customers away to pay for their meal, are you really accomplishing much? There's a reason I front loaded this review with everything but the actual food--this is the part of the puzzle that keeps Vinery 214 Bistro from launching into space and being a stellar dining attraction. Ideally, this is a two-star restaurant, with the emphasis being on potential ability. For now, I've decided 2.5 stars is generous, and rounded that up to three. I'll be back, trust me. But I'm hoping that the menu is reevaluated, tweaked, reinvested and solidly delivered in this beautifully packaged restaurant.
1	Possibly the worst meal I've ever had at a restaurant. I was expecting much more considering the quaint interior and white linen draped table tops but I was deceived; royally!First Course: A veggie egg roll that was over fried a few minutes too long. The only veggie I could identify was a piece of broccoli, the rest, unsure.  I had the feeling (by taste) that the egg roll was taken directly out of the freezer and thrown into an extremely high temp deep fryer. The bed of cole slaw that the egg roll sat upon lacked any acidity or taste. Even worse, the egg roll and slaw were served on a damaged serving plate. The plate was cracked! Second Course: Cucumber and tomato salad, hummus and pita bread. The salad was missing any trace of vinaigrette or fragrant herbs. Just a bowl of cut up tomatoes and sliced cucumbers; no seasoning. The texture on the cucumbers was slightly slimy, possibly starting to turn. The hummus had a gritty texture (I like it creamy) as though the olive oil was omitted. Main Course: A total disaster! Risotto or rice pilaf wrapped in a skirt steak, pan fried, and served on  a bed of Spanish rice. My steak was impossible to cut with a steak knife and the middle was blood red. I had one bite and could not get another piece as the steak was to tough The Spanish rice tasted like it was cooked without any seasoning then was over seasoned before being served. I did notice the unfinished plates of other customers who were having the same meal. I could tell this was not a fan favorite. Unfortunate. Dessert: We had the server box it up to go. Never ate it.  I would like to note that the co-owner did approach us about our untouched meals and asked us if we would share some feedback. I  expressed my disappointment with the dinner providing detail of what was wrong with every item.  He seemed surprised with my candidness. I then asked him if he had ever tried the meal to which he responded, "No, I'm a very picky person."  He was very apologetic and gave us 10% off the bill and asked us to come back. He mentioned there were some changes being made to the menu and that he would discuss our feedback with the cook. We then had to drive to the ATM up the block to get cash to pay for our meal because their credit card machine was out of service. One catastrophe after another.
2	Ok, even after sleeping on it, I can't really go higher than a 2. I like really,  really, really, really, really, want to like this place. The decor on the inside is fun, having a view of the kitchen is fun and hey, free sangria- what's not to like right? Well, let's count the ways. First off, when it's 6:30 and you're writing on the chalkboard and I ask you "Are you open?" don't lie to me. Having to watch you setup, prep the food area, waiting  over 40 mins for tapas and watching the chef daudle in at 7:00 is not treating me with respect. Next - no iced tea? (ok no big deal), no citrus scallops? ("we can do a great sangria shrimp", umm ok, sure), no beef stay? ("well, we can do chicken") - ok it's Friday night and you're not ready for these things? Weird.I've already mentioned needing to wait over 40 mins for 2 of the 3 tapas (oh did I mention we were the only customers?), then the "great sangria shrimp" another 15 mins later?  To top it off, towards then end, because there's no ventilation from the kitchen to the dining area, our eyes started literally burning. Like seriously?So at this point you're thinking why the 2 stars? Well, the Moroccan Sliders were FANTASTIC. no joke the best sliders that I think I've ever had. The chef has potential, but they've got to figure out the basics.
2	At this point I visit The Vinery for the sheer disaster and humor of it all..I too have experienced the inedible skirt steak, the failed credit card machine and the stinging eyes. I have also been there for the following:-run out of "the special" by the time 10 people had arrived-tried to send out burned pizza missing requested toppings claiming they must just be chopped very small-no change for a $20 when we were the first customers of the evening (and when their CC machine was inoperable..)-food that doesn't list major ingredients as part of description. For example: Blueberry cheesecake= chocolate store bought cake with a few blueberries on top and some cheese type material within. The place is quaint, but never wonderful or fast...heading over for a glass of sangria and maybe an appetizer because it is nearby...but ready for an adventure in dining...
1	well ... maybe trying to shake the 1.5 star rating on Yelp ... they are now changing their name to "Bambino Bistro"
5	Just got back from the Bambino Bistro after having a quick lunch there. My meal was quite simple including a small salad, sandwich and soda which was the special. I guess I'm a bit influenced by the price($5), but i was very satisfied with my meal. I plan on going back to try something new.
