5	Best pizza I have ate in Vegas. Fast delivery, friendly staff on the phone and the pizza was not even a little bit greasy. Great quality food and ingredients!
4	I'd like to start this review by saying that I've never eaten at this establishment, but I have ordered from them a few times. So my review is based solely on the experiences I've had in getting food delivered. Cool? Cool. I've ordered from these guys a few times. I've mostly stuck to the basic lunch items they carry, so it's mostly been wings and burgers and pizza. They have other things on the menu, too, such as lasagna or salad, but I haven't strayed from the core "bad for me" fare. Also, their lunch specials are like $5.99 and you get food plus fries and a Coke.Their pizza is pretty good, though I assume it would've been better if I hadn't waited almost an hour to finish it while I finished up with emails. My friend who ordered it seemed to like his, too, so that's good. I also just had the cheeseburger, which was pretty damn good. It was a lot better than I expected it to be, and larger, too. I was expecting slop like comes out of certain fast food establishments, but this was something better. I'm not prepared to compare it to Smashburger or In N Out, but I'm more than willing to recommend it. Still, it's not all roses with these guys. I recently ordered the buffalo wings lunch special and asked for mild sauce. They delivered it promptly and all, but the wings had ZERO sauce. They were naked. They were still ok, but it's not what I wanted. Totally ruined my lunch. My neighbor, though, got her wings made perfectly, so I believe my one bad experience is more of a fluke than anything. That's the only thing that stops me from giving these guys a full-on Five Star review. Like I said, this place is good. They deliver, prices are solid, and delivery is cool. I believe you need a minimum order of $15 to get delivery, but it's no problem when you let the office know you're ordering Manhattan. I'll continue ordering from these guys in the future!
1	By Far The Worst Pizza Ever. The pizza was not thin, not crispy, almost no sauce and taste plain. This is NO Manhattan pizza. I was born in Manhattan by the village and ate pizza for years and this place just sucks. Frozen pizza taste better then this place. Bought 2 pies & only ate half of a slice. Waste of money. Will never order from here again & would not recommend to anyone unless you have no idea how a real pizza taste like. Then knock yourself out.
5	Manhattan Pizza you make my tummy happy :)Every time I come to Las Vegas I make sure to stop by here. The food is always consistent, fresh, and of course delicious. The pizza is soo good and tastes very homemade. Not like the other places that taste like all their ingredients come out of a can. Every pizza I have ever ordered has been thin and very manhattan style(I know this because I have visited manhattan and pizzas was all I ate lol). They make a gyro pizza! It's so yummy! Who does that???? They do cause they're awesome! Oh my god and the BBQ chicken pizza is supper delishhhhh too.When I don't order a pizza I usually grab their gyro sandwich which is phenomenal. The gyro meat is so succulent and flavorful, I definitely recommend you trying it out. Also they make really good bacon cheeseburgers! I know it's not the typical thing to order at a pizza shop but hey everything they make is super good so why not:)Whether you are in the mood for pizza, burgers, sandwiches, wings and other fried goods, this is the best all in one stop shop to go to! Nice Staff? Yes!Quality food? Yes!Reasonable prices? Yes!Clean Establishment? Yes!
3	So I ordered a simple Calzone. It turned out OK. Or not bad. I suggest that you know what you want ahead of time or call before you arrive. May take some time to prepare.
4	I was skeptical when I first walked into Manhattan Pizza IV last night.  It is small.  It is hot.  I had a hard time understanding the people working the counter.  But I was craving pizza so I stuck it out.  I'm glad I did.  While the restaurant is small and hot, it is also very clean.  And the staff is friendly.  My pizza was ready in about 15 mintues.  I watched it come out of the oven and get sliced right in front of me.  There is not much that beats fresh pizza like that.  I took my 12 inch Manhattan Special home with a root beer and a movie waiting for me.  Opening the box I was surprised by how good the pizza looked.  I could not see the toppings through the cheese that was ever so browned on top.  The first bite was like opening a birthday gift.  I saw that beneath all the cheese were piles of sausage, pepperoni, mushroom, onion, olives, and bell pepper.  All fresh toppings on a bed of sauce with a blanket of cheese.  The flavor was great.  The crust was the perfect balance of chewy and crispy.  No soggy bread here.  I was pleasently surprised at how much I enjoyed this pizza.  I wanted to stop at four slices and save the rest for breakfast.  I just could not resist that fifth slice though.  So three slices for breakfast it was this morning.  A perfect way to start the day.
4	The pizza is amazing and the wings are super crispy. The place is impeccable and  the owner is super nice, if anybody had any problems with the service he would make it right. Again I wish this place was closer to my home.
5	Was craving pizza and this place hit the spot! It wasn't busy at all, answered the phone quickly, spoke clear english. My pizza was perfect, a little thin but that's okay! Next time I may try something else. I'll be returning!
1	Why does the pizza in Vegas suck SO bad? This is a case in point. You want to spit it out and wipe your tongue off immediately! The owner needs to make a research trip to Midtown Manhattan and taste some real Manhattan Pizza. The stuff this place turns out is plain nasty. I'm embarrassed to live in this neighborhood. How he stays in business is beyond me. Major missed opportunity here. Could have a gold mine if he cared to knock it out of the park. Go to Grimaldi's in Boca park. The drive blows but at least you won't throw the box with 90% of the pizza in the trash.
3	Don't come here for the pizza, you'll be disappointed. It's dry and tasteless. The wings are pretty good, nice and crispy, with a hint of something...maybe dill? Anyway, if you're looking for spicy, you might need to go 'extra' for a little kick.
1	Just avoid this place if you don't want to be disappointed. I gave this place 3 chances only because the first time I did like the pizza. Since then they put no sauce on the pizza, nothing like eating dough and toppings. I decided to give it another try and ask for xtra sauce, still dry, I guess they didnt understand what I was saying, or I was thinking they didnt hear me. Well today I gave  it one last try and I asked for xtra sauce and made sure she heard me, took pizza home and disgusting. No sauce very dry. My daughter said little Caesars was better. I don't get it, they are very cheap on sauce, I have never tasted a pizza so dry. I refuse to give them a 4 th chance. They lost my business.
2	It's my own fault. I didn't read any reviews before coming here.  My daughter had just finished her swim lessons and my husband and I were undecided on where to eat dinner, so we let our 5 year old daughter choose.  Another mistake.  She wanted pizza, and since I had fantastic pizza over the weekend, I didn't want pizza again.  But, I remember seeing this place in the same strip mall as her swim school- and seeing a sign that they had more than pizzas: they also had gyros, and philly cheesesteaks.  That should have been my clue that this place couldn't be that good. We walk in and there are gyro posters everywhere so I decide to get one.  My husband decides on a philly cheesesteak and I ordered 2 "colossal pizza combos" for the kids.  The lady at the counter warned us that the pizza slices were huge so we nixed one order.  And I'm glad we did. That pizza slice was ginormous. And what a great deal it was: $3.99 and it included a drink. But the flavor of it was just OK.  My poor daughter almost chipped a tooth, the outer crust was so hard.  And the cheesesteak and the gyro were OK as well.  Our meals came with fries, and I could have sworn I saw the cooked fries in fryer basket when we arrived, and were put back in the fryer for us. At least it saved me from consuming a few hundred unnecessary calories. That's the last time I enter a restaurant without consulting Yelp first!*Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 51/100*
2	This review is mainly about service, my wife and I stopped here after wrapping up at the dog park for dinner, Now we both have different tastes so we always split the pizza with different toppings. We were going to order a 3 topping pizza with half salami, onion and green pepper and the other half pepperoni, olive and mushroom. The person working told us it would be $1.50 for each additional topping which I was quite puzzled since we were only getting a 3 topping pizza then he explained that if we wanted different toppings on the other half it would be $1.50 each or $4.50. At this point we walked since I have never had a pizza place charge extra for splitting the pizza.
3	I have only gotten delivery.... pizza isn't bad, isn't great either....its hard to get good pizza in Las Vegas.The hot chicken fingers are my fav, and the wings are pretty good too.
2	This place is terrible. I ordered the chicken wings with fries, a Hawaiian calzone and an order of zepolis. The chicken wings and fries were either extremely over cooked or old. Both super dry and just gross. The zepolis were as tough as beef jerkey.. No I'm not exaggerating, I had to yank them from my teeth to eat them. My husband said that the calzone wasn't half bad. I gave two stars because the people were nice, however it did take almost 30 mins for our food to be ready for take out.
5	If you want enjoy a hand made tossed pizza this is the place. I'm a fan of pizzas and this one are so great. One of my favorites!!
4	We like the Manhattan Family Feast. $41.99 for a REALLY big 1 topping pizza, hot wings, fries, and a large salad. I do wish another salad came with it since we're big salad eaters. Good food. Good price. Prompt and courteous service.
