3	Visted this hat store locaed in the canal shoppes at the Venetian.  Overall the selection is just OK.  Various styles of hats but not a large range in hat quality.  Everything was wool or felt crushable styles with no real quality hats to be had.  For men's hats the fedora is most prominent and most of the cheaper quality variety.There were some intriguing leather hats for men but the price precluded me from even considering them.  There was a pretty good selection for women's hats and headwear and I rated this store as a 3 star mostly for that reason. (would have been lower if just rated on mens hats)Overall nothing special as far as mens hats go but for the woman who is looking for something a little different and dressy this is a good shop.  The saleswoman was knowledgable and helpful.  Just wish more quality mens hats were available.
4	OK I'll admit we got sucked into this store because there were some very steam punk looking hats in the window for men.  I love Las Vegas and while the price of something has never actually stopped me from going inside a store, SOME of the prices of the Men's hat are quite confusing. 149.99 for what seriously looks like a 15 dollar hat? hm-mm.  While a total tourist trap, the staff were very nice and helpful.  The sales lady helping my hubby and I was more than helpful in helping me find a hat that was the right mix of steam punk and total girl. :)
4	I have a hat obsession and so my favorite moment from my most recent Vegas trip might just be Chapel Hats. Located in the Venetian, this is a must on your list! They have the cutest hats - from faux furry to vintage-inspired. My guy also had fun and bought one page boy hat - I bought three, well two and one headband with a veil and feathers on it. I wish the store was a little bit bigger because it can get cramped with so many people in the store but they have plenty of styles to choose from. The girls that work there are also great - super friendly and helpful.
4	I love hats, but look good in very few. I think my head is too long...or tall.  The staff here is very helpful in finding something right for you, and boy do they have options.  One of the employees noticed I had a Goorin Bros. hat on and said she was jealous that I have a few stores very close to where I live.  I told her that Chapel Hats has a much bigger selection, and they do.I finally found a hat that I love, and my girlfriend found 3 or 4, but looked adorable in about 10.  The shop is fun.  Just stop in and try some hats on; see what works for you.  The prices are great, and didn't find a hat, if I had like it on my block-head, that I wouldn't mind paying for.   You won't be disappointed.
5	Love this place,both the Venetian and Mandalay. I have 3 hats(Fedoras) from Chapel and am very impressed with the quality. I go to Vegas 2-3 times a year and this is one of my stops. I'm not a gambler(save for slots),so I buy goodies. The lady at the Venetian shop was so sweet and helpful,she went and got me a feather for my black fedora,out of the back. Every man over 45 should have a nice hat. Women should go back to wearing hats. If I don't make it in Oct. I will see you in Spring,for my new hat. Gentleman,"a hat is not a hat,until its tilted."
