5	Nicest florists I've ever encountered!!  I was being holla-ed at by some unsavory characters so I ducked into Gidas where I saw my fav flowers, tulips, on sale!  So I asked the salesperson if i could get a bunch in all white and she pulled all the other bunches of tulips apart so I could get my bouquet of all white tulips to give to my darling sister.They helped me select a nice vase to go with it then filled it with water and flower meds.  Then when I  mentioned that I'd be walking back to CMU with this vase of tulips, the florist built a little box, stuffed it with newspaper, wrapped it in tissue paper, stapled it all up, and put it all in a bag for me to conveniently tote back to campus.  The saleslady laughed at the expression on my face because of how shocked I was that the florist would go to such lengths to make my trip more comfortable.  Indeed, instead of balancing a vase of water and tulips for the 15 min. trek back to CMU, I just carried my bag of carefully packaged flowers like I would any ole bag.  I highly recommend Gidas for your floral needs or to escape unwanted attention from horny homeless people.  Yayyy!!!
5	Gidas Florist did the flowers for our wedding this past May at Phipps Conservatory.  The flowers were nothing short of stunning.  Working with Jason throughout the planning process was great.  He listened to all my crazy ideas and was able to suggest options that made what I had in my head or saw in wedding blogs a reality.  Not only were the arrangements simply beautiful, you could tell expertise and talent went into each one of them.  I was delighted with the results and would not change one blossom.
5	Great florist, nice staff. My arrangements arrived in perfect condition, exactly as Jason and I discussed.  They even dropped off all the candles!  Couldn't be happier and my party looked fab!!
5	Gida's rocks.  I placed an order from a different state, different time zone, for a friend who was in the hospital.  They delivered next morning, it was just as I ordered, and it really made his day.  From the picture my friend took I can tell the design is just as beautiful as it was on Gida's website.  THANK YOU Gida's for being so reliable and delivering a beautiful product!!!
