3	I have been sick of the food in this area for a couple years, so the sight of a Kabob Bistro opening up a quarter mile from my office gave me a semi. I grew up eating Persian/Middle Eastern food, and think I know what a good kabob tastes like. Zaytoon's kabobs were mediocre. What I ordered had: Lots of meat (a little on the bland side), some lettuce, tomato, and onion..all wrapped in store bought pita bread. I watched my fries get reheated, and my order took 10 minutes to make. The little decor I saw was bad. The guy who took my order was friendly, but could easily be the next Green River Killer. If I could give 2.5 stars, I would. I got back to the office fully flaccid-
4	The fluffiest rice I have ever eaten!
2	I was very excited to use a groupon I purchased at this place. After hearing great reviews on twitter I decided to check it out. I ordered a chix pita, app of hummus and hubby ordered the filet sand kebob..both came with fries. (not a fan) the hummus was definatley lacking something was very tahini flavor. The chix was a joke. maybe 2 small pieces on the pita. The filet was horrid!! tasteless and just not good. Save your time and go to cyprus pita, pita jungle or Z's greek..
5	Fantastic food! I thoroughly enjoyed the take out. The kalamata hummus and daily special (Tuesday) were the highlights. Anyone who slams this restaurant has no taste and doesn't deserve to patronize small businesses. Stick to the chains and leave the neighborhood gems alone!
3	Food was okay, but not great; however the shirazi salad and gyros were good. I tried the DeeZee and thought it was bland. Air conditioning was non-existent and food delivery took forever.  I arrived at 6:25 and it was nearly 20 minutes before I had my food.
3	Yummy Gyros! Skip McDonalds and Subway and go Mediterranean!   Very friendly staff greets you when you come and answers any questions you may have.  The brochure, it's a nice print out however, it has the wrong prices for wraps.  A little pricey for what you receive, however, I like the gyros and some how if I have to choose Subway or Zaytoon, I like having a falafel gyro instead of a BLT.
4	There is nothing quite like Persian food;  it is complex, delicious and sometimes like nothing you've ever tasted.   Apart from dad's kitchen and sit-down places in Tempe and Scottsdale, there are limited places to find it in the Valley.  Do yourself a favor and don't order a gyro;  you can find one anywhere.  Order one of the daily specials at their crazy cheap prices for Persian food and enjoy!  I've had nearly all of them and they rock!  These dishes take all day to make; believe me I know and you can taste why.  And do not miss the saffron ice cream with rose water and pistachios.
5	FAST FOOD & PERSIAN FOOD ARE USUALLY NOT SYNONOMYS! As A Persian Food Aficionado, I have had Kabob all over the world... I love Persian Food! "No!" I love good Persian food! Well the first few times I was walking into The Subway restaurant next door to this place I peeked, but was very hesitant to walk in! Well thanks to my buddy I finally tried it. I must say I was pleasantly surprised! The Kabobs: Kubiedeh, Barg (the cuts of fillet), and Chicken Kabob are all tasty, and the daily dishes are all very authentic & tasty.  The ambiance is standard fast food restaurant, the staff is very friendly & greets you when you walk in, and answer any questions you may have.So if you want to skip McDonalds and Subway and go Mediterranean,  Zaytoon Kabob is a great choice for the real Middle Eastern dining experience!
5	Loving this little spot!  The cooks are friendly, the filet kabob and basmati rice are great, and the prices are reasonable.  I hesitate to give 5 stars to a place with ambiance like a fast food type restaraunt but this place is exactly what you expect of it.  Clean, quick, and remarkably tasty!
2	Barely a two star experience. I was in the neighborhood with my girlfriend on a Thursday night and wanted to give it a try. On first impression, I thought that the place had potential. The menu looked good and seemed priced right. The place has all the ambiance of a Little Caesars take-out lobby, though. I had a chicken kabob plate, while she had a ground beef plate. We started with hummus. The food was just OK. Actually, pretty bland. Here's the problem: they nickle and dime for everything everything. A big think of hummus come with ONE pita. The plates didn't come with sauce. Portions were damn small. What looked like an  under $10 per person meal ended up almost forty bucks.
4	I really like this place. It's a close by and inexpensive venue for Persian food. Love their gyros, koobideh ( which is like a ground beef patties - delicious- only shaped as a kabob ), their eggplant dip, all have been great. This place is so much better than the Pita Jungle where their pitas are horrific ! Only problem is that in the summer the place heats up because they grill right in front of you. Poor cooks. They are very friendly and super hot too ! My boyfriend loves the Persian Ice Cream, I love the Persian men. It's all good !I enjoy the entrees- the rice it comes with is delicious, the pita warm and they give you a grilled tomato that compliment it all. I have to try their daily specials. Persian cuisine is wonderful and for a little more than McDonald's of KFC, you get healthy, totally delicious meal. Give this place a chance. Modern decor, casual and right off of Camelback.
1	I can't understand why anyone would like this place.  I saw the comparisons to Crazy Jim's and Pita Jungle so I thought I knew what type of food to expect.  Oh, but how I was wrong!.  I wasn't expecting the Persian Room.  However, I wasn't expecting them to run out of rice!!!!!!!!!!!!! Nor was I expecting the "grilled tomato" to be a giant, flavorless roma that had just been boiled and put on the plate.  I wasn't expecting the salad to be a chopped mess of iceberg with a couple of pieces of red onion.  And I wasn't expecting to wait over 15 minutes in an almost empty restaurant for all of this.  Oh Zaytoon, the pictures your post on your website are nothing like the food we got.
3	Inexpensive and good service.  Will go back and try different menu items.
4	Good Meat!!I love Persian food and love the seasoning in there meat....Always well seasoned!
1	Not sure why I decided to go back after the first visit. Please dont support a restaurant that upcharges you $2 to substitute rice instead of fries. Cmon now.  Ridiculous. Also go check out Kyhber halal up the street insetad,
3	It was OK. Service was friendly, but slow. Food was OK, but I don't think it was a good value.
3	I am a fan of Zaytoon, but I agree with some of the negative posters who say they "nickel and dime" you to death. I believe that when you pay that much for hummus, you ought to get two pieces of bread (c'mon, who can eat a tub of hummus with only one pita?). Also, substitute rice and there should be no up-charge and so on. One day I went in and ordered and I was in a hurry, and the counter girl said the cook had some personal errands and would be back in awhile. I couldn't wait, so I left.Outside of these strange aspects of their business, the food they serve is quite good. I like the ground beef Kabob, which is $2.50 a skewer, a fair price and it tastes good. Once they told me "only Iranians like that dish" and asked me if I was Persian! Anyway, no matter who likes it, I do -- it has a delicious spice in it. Also, the chicken skewers are spiced just right. Personally, I like their hummus, the one with Olives in it. Really, really good hummus.
4	The food was authentic and flavorful. Service was a bit slow although I didn't mind waiting for the food as it was hot and fresh.
2	I tried a variety of things to get an idea about this place and was pretty disappointed. The chicken kabob wrapped in a pita fell apart and, more importantly, the chicken pieces were undercooked and red in the middle.  The hummus was quite bland but the falafel were ok with excellent tzatziki, as was the pita bread.  Overall I was very underwhelmed and probably won't be back.  There are several better options in central Phoenix for this type of cuisine.
1	Vegetarians can usually get a good meal at Middle Eastern restaruants.  Not at ZKB.  The hummus and falafel were just awful.
3	It's got all the personality of a subway restaurant, and the staff seems clueless, but they do grill them some mean kabobs.The meat is the central item here.  Everything else is just fair.  The rice is fair, the pitta is like you tore into a package of pita bread from trader joes.  I had stuffed grape leaves too which were seved hot, and tasted off as a result.  I've never had hot grape leaves.Anyway, back to the meat.  Had the lamp, perfectly grilled medium, tasted outstanding.  BUT, the star of the show was the chicken.  It's perfectly marinated in some yellow curry, which you can barely taste when cooked, but it's lean, juicy... just good.I think if I was going back I would just get either the chicken entree or the lamb sandwich.  I think the entree lacks sauce... which would make it much better.Anyway, I'll be back for a cheap, good pile of grilled meat.  I'll just skip all the sides.
1	Not worth comin here. I'm all for food like this but this restaurant sucks. They gave me and my dad the wrong meal, and the food was not that good. The meat was dry and the rice was cold. Not worth it.
2	Being a Persian, it is difficult to find good Persian food in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area unless I am eating a home-cooked meal or at the nearby Persian Room. We had heard some of our family friends (who are also Persian) raving about this new almost "fast food" type of Persian food restaurant where you can get good and affordable Persian classics like ghormeh sabzi (vegetable and meat stew)  and khashke-badamjan (eggplant side dish) , so we decided to give it a try. When we walked in the place was completely empty. We went up to order, and god the standard kabob and rice plate, with some most-au-moussir (shallot and yogurt dip), pitas, and drinks. upon ordering we took a seat, in a pant ,with the cheap laminate booths and tacky fans on overhead.  But hey, who knows, some of the best places to eat are in dive-y looking places so, we werent that turned away. Then we got the food. The Kabob was so overcooked that it was chewy and charred, which in Persian cuisine is the least from appetizing. The most-au-moussir was literally just liked sour cream. I didnt taste one shallot in it, the consistency was overly thick and it tasted like it was made from a sour cream base instead of a plain yogurt base-- lucky for me i like sour cream so i ate it. . The rice was okay. It wasnt salted or seasoned at all, but it was fluffly and tasted alright when salt was added to it. Service was below par, and the only interaction we had with any employee as when they took our order and our money. One member of our group got food poisoning the same night. Probably from Zaytoon, but I'm not one of those snooty restaruant goers that blames every bodily episode on bad food. Overall, i wont be returning to zaytoon unless it is absolutely necessary. Which, will probably be never
3	Yummy food...check out the ground beef kabob with half rice and half salad with a tomato, but the service is actually pretty rude...not sure why!
4	I've had the gyro here which is humongous with LOADS of meat for $5.99 and a side of fries. DELICIOUS! I've also had their steak kabob which was a bit chewy and not the best steak kabob I've had. I would rate it at a solid 6.5 along with a side of rice, salad and half pita. The tzatziki sauce was not included and the guy said they normally charge but would give it to me for free which I appreciated. It's a little steep for two people, for me and my boyfriend ( two kabobs plates, one steak and the other ground beef which he didn't really find too appetizing, and two sodas came to be around $25-$27. All in all, I like the food I've gotten for the most part, but if all else fails get the gyro!
4	This ZK grill is the best of all the ZK locations I have been to so far. The owner or whatever guy behind the counter is always super nice and happy to be there and seems to care a lot about the place. The food is always prepared fresh and tastes great.
2	Food is good, not great. Service a bit off and cooks hang at front door smoking until customers come, then prepare food without washing hands.
4	Hubby got some food to go the other day so I cannot speak about the service.He said he paid about $20 something, for a gyro, 2 kabobs (hamburger meat) with rice, and 2  small salads. The kabobs came with rice, and the rice was delicious. I love Persian rice and this one happened to be really good. I have had rice there before and I don't remember being this impressed. : P But this particular one was very good.Salads were ok.This place used to be called Zaytoon Kabob Bistro, I am not sure if they have the same owners, but food is still good. If you want to check the Zaytoon reviews they seem to be better than this ones : /Anyway. We had also stopped here like a month or 2 ago and I was very disappointed they didn't have the home made doogh anymore : (  (yogurt drink)
1	UPDATE: I previously gave this place 4 stars (see original post below from when the restaurant was called Zaytoon) but there now seems to be new ownership, new name, new menu and a new indifference to the quality and flavor of food being served. What happened to this place???ORIGINAL POST: Bravo for any and all authentic, independent Middle Eastern / Mediterranean restaurants in this area! This one just happens to be delicious, use high quality ingredients, be family owned and operated, and reasonably priced. There is a common theme (maybe the saffron or another spice) that makes the dishes distinctive and consistent... but also a tad uniform. Still well worth a try!
1	I used to love the kebabs and gyro's but I was very disappointed this weekend. The chicken kebab skewers were small, over cooked and dried out. The gyro was half the size it used to be. After eating some of it I called ZK Grill to complain. They gave no apology and wanted me to bring it all back uneaten to get a refund! Shameful.When I first started eating there it was much cheaper and they have increased their prices steadily. With the quality of the food now it is no longer worth it.
3	My daughter and son-in-law went there around 15 minutes before closing to have dinner last night. They said the food was really good, BUT at 8:20PM the girl came to their table and said we closed at 8:00PM here's a "To-Go" box, I'll take care of your plate.  Strangest thing I've ever heard.  I guess customer service isn't what they're known for!
3	It's alright. I have had better Mediterranean in Phoenix. I might come back if I'm here by. There fries are really good. My wife ordered beef Gyro, she really liked it. I ordered Lamb Gyro, it was ok.
5	Well I can say I am a frequent diner and very happy to say I will continue to eat here again. For a while I had been passing by now wishing i would have taken a chance on dropping in sooner. Groupon is what sold me. I got a killer meal deal which drove me to come in. I am surprised by the reviews as I have not had anything but great experience every time I have visit this location along with quality food. I don't eat Shrimp or Lamb so my reviews are on everything else. The meat is seasoned very well. The salad is amazing. It is not your typical mixed green salad they actually make it pretty loading it with the color veggies that make a mixed green salad taste well. I typically just eat there Champagne Vinegarate but they offer many other salad dressings. Along with the grilled tomato and pita bread make the meal even more enjoyable. My last order was #19 the Chicken Kaboob Meal. This was Grilled Chicken, Rice, Salad, Pita Bread and a Grilled Tomato. Everything was perfect. Fresh flavorful and hot. They cook everything to order so be prepared to wait at least 15 mins but it is worth it for good food.All the staff on deck are welcoming. It is a small little place with plenty of seating. Stop on in grab a drink and be prepared to enjoy.
5	Brittany is awesome! This was my first time eating Persian food, and it was a great experience. I love the fish tank and friendly staff. I hope to enjoy coming here many more times!
4	My wife and I both ordered the #12, beef/chicken dinner. We've both had a lot of Persian food over the years, and I have to say this is as good as any I've ever had. The chicken was moist and full of flavor and the beef, the beef! Just wow! Champagne vinaigrette finished off the salad and the saffron rice was saffron rice. The restaurant is located in a strip mall, but don't let the location deceive you, the food is great.
5	I go here every time I have a gyro craving.They are perfect. In my opinion, they're even better than the gyros at nicer restaurants. They get them to you in about 5 minutes but the quality is still incredible. They're always fresh and the meat basically melts in your mouth.
5	Food and service was great!!  Insanely friendly staff, seemingly authentic food, but very tasty food! Beware of the carbonated yogurt; for the brave only!
5	Happened to stop by ZK by chance. Glad I did. When I walked in I was gonna grab a menu and come back another time, but the young lady and man behind the counter were very friendly and talkative. They recommended the gyro. Wow. Seasoned perfectly and was packed so full of meat. I will def be returning soon. Thank you for the great experience.
4	Food is always awesome. My coworkers and I go here often for lunch, food has never let us down. Sassy african american women is sassy though
2	I USED to go here frequently.  However, after last night I will NEVER return!!!I went in at 8:50 pm.  My boyfriend and I were starting to place our order when the lady told us if we placed an order it would have to be to go because they were closing.  The open sign was still illuminated, but it was obvious they didn't want to be bothered with our order.  My boyfriend and I looked at each other bad said let's go somewhere else. The gal said thank you... I've eaten here at least a dozen times.  Apparently they didn't want our business.  Crappy customer service makes me NEVER want to return!!! No matter how much I like the place.
5	Food is just incredible!  Best rice I've ever had, fresh salafs, wonderful spices on the meats.
1	I've been here a number of times, but this time was terrible. I believe they are under new management. So, I walk in and say hello to the cook who is looking directly at me. He says nothing. I repeat myself and the same thing. He spoke English, because he proceeded to converse with the girl who was taking the orders. I believe his intention was to be rude. Also they have heightened the counters which block the view of what's going on when they're preparing your food. Needless to say I didn't feel comfortable with this especially with a sketchy individual cooking. From now on I'll go to Z's Greek on Indian School. They are courteous and the food is better... Try this place at your own risk...
2	I went to this restaurant for lunch with my girlfriend. It took a good 15 minutes to make one gyro plate and one Caesar salad.The lettuce for both meals was going bad and pink on the edges. The chicken in the Caesar salad and that gyro meat itself and the hummus were good. The Gyro plate did not come with a pita. This meal cost $23 with tax. A total rip off. I will not be coming back.
1	While I really love the food here, I called in a to go order as I was on my way to work and when I got there the cook had been chatting with someone at a table and my order was not made. I was in a rush to get to work and found this unacceptable. They made my order quickly but I was very disappointed. Apparently socializing is more important to the cook than working.
5	I was pretty impressed with not only food but service we got.My boyfriend picked us food from this place few times but this was my first time going in. Our cashier girl was extremely nice! She explained and answered any questions we had. Her beautiful smile and kindness will for sure take us back for more of great Persian food. Also, the portions per my opinion are pretty big. I always have leftovers next day. I also like that they have Groupon deals often.
