4	Good business, need more workers I'm guessing, always have to wait longer then anticipated
5	Adam hooked us up with a great tire deal here.  We were not expecting to have to purchase new tires for our road trip, but thank goodness we came in, it was pretty bad. Price matching, top notch service. Always honest and doing the right thing for the customer. Now, you do the right thing and visit tire pro's, you'll be a lifer, trust me!
1	I spent almost an hour and a half waiting for an oil change that I had an appointment for at 10a on a weekday. There only two other people there that I could see and both waited over 2 hours (one was just getting two tires done). Full disclosure: I was redeeming a Groupon. I understand this is a tricky balance for businesses to make it worth the extra business deal sites bring in, but an extra long wait can be dealt with by having staff that doesn't treat you like you're the one making their life difficult just for taking them up on their offers.It's hard to find a good shop, but this isn't it. Keep looking. Running a business is hard, I get it. But at least say sorry when you mess up.
1	Took more than 2 hours for front tire changes and a patch. Only reason I came here was because I had a coupon. When I got the bill, it was more than what I was quoted on the phone.  When we went over the bill, they had double charged me for some items.  Be very careful when you go here!!!  Will not go back again.
1	Guys are very rude! Told me it would take an 1 hour to 90 minutes and ends up taking two and a half hours. Don't go here unless you want to plan on being lied to. There is a perfectly great discount tire on baseline and country club that will take great care of you and will actually value you as a customer.
1	So, I purchased a Living Social deal for three oil changes back in July. My fiance' just brought my car in to redeem the first oil change, and he was told there is a $10 surcharge because the car is a BMW. What???? My car is a 1987 BMW 325, which requires no extra work to change the oil. My fiance' was told the charge is because it is a "luxury" car. Needless to say, I have already requested a refund from Living Social, and I would NEVER recommend anyone service their vehicle here.8/10 - Spoke to the owner, Brian, who did not do anything to resolve the situation, and claimed that the reason for the $10 fee is due to the fact that the oil filter for my car is 3-4 times more expensive than other vehicles. NOT TRUE. I have verified this falsehood with two other repair technicians. He then proceeded to laugh at me. There are a ZILLION awesome repair shops in the valley. Please take a moment to read the other reviews regarding people's similar experiences. My advise is to steer clear of this shady place.Oh, and if you need a recommendation for a great auto repair shop, let me know!
2	they do a good job but I have never been here for an oil change that didn't take more than an hour and a half... I  bought a group deal, so had to keep coming back, but  not the kind of time I can spend hanging out, waiting... waiting...Jiffy lube is closer and faster.
1	Like the other reviewers, I have had to wait well over an hour for an oil change--even with an appointment.  Any reviewer who says these guys are honest has an ulterior motive.  I bought a 3 oil change for the price of one deal on living social, and this place was the only place open on weekends.  The very first time I went in, they told me my wheels had to be balanced.  I asked how much, they said $7 total.  When I left, they charged $7 per tire.  Ended up paying more than if I'd paid for the oil change.The last time (and it will be the last time ever), they recommended a list of repairs as long as my arm, INCLUDING the easily verified "your radiator only has water in it and needs to be flushed."  All amounting to nearly $1000.  I took it to my normal mechanic to check out the list.  NOT ONE THING ON THE LIST NEEDED DOING.  The only thing that needed attention was a fraying serpentine belt which cost less than $200.If you must go here for oil or tires, that's fine.  But be prepared for a wait.  And DON'T LET THEM ANYWHERE NEAR YOUR ENGINE.
5	I stumbled onto Brian's tire pros years ago. They have always been friendly and honest. I happily drive a half hour each way to make sure my truck is well taken care of. I needed something done last minute and they had someone come get my truck and bring it back since i couldn't leave the office. Not the fastest place but definitely one of the best. I will be happy to wait for the job to be done right and know they didn't oversell me on things I didn't need. Great place! Dr. J
1	I bought a groupon for 3 oil changes to this place and used up only 2 of my oil changes because the service was awful. The same man was working both times I went and I got really bad vibes from him. He kept saying so many things were wrong with my car and was trying to take advantage of me. The last time I was there he rolled my window down and I couldn't get it to roll up after! I confronted him about this and he said "Well...I could fix it...but I'd have to charge you for that." I was furious.
5	I had some issues with my car after getting screwed by another shop, I was hesitant because of the reviews but Kevin took the car and did the repairs the other shop did not do. The price was good and the service was good not the fastest but fast enough for me. I will send my friends here and my car found a new Dr.
4	I wanted a certain type of tire from toyo and this place was able to get them.  (Discount could not even give me a price for the tires.)  They got the tire in the same day and installed.  Normal wait for tires. Owner was nice and took care us.  Not sure why the poor rating from others but seems like they all were getting oil changes.
1	Unprofessional, rude, and like to argue. No thanks!
5	If you are looking for friendly, HONEST, service and fair pricing in car care and tires, your search is over!The team at Brian's Tire Pro in Mesa knocks it out of the park for me every time I walk into their store, it makes no difference if the service I need is the free oil change I buy as a high school athletic fundraiser,  or I need new tires, a battery or an alignment,  I always get the same kind service and fair pricing  I would imagine Brian's own sister would get.  You will not be sorry if you partner with this company to keep your car and tires maintained.
4	I needed all four tires replaced on my car and looked through Yelp to find a reasonable place because the dealership wanted an arm and a leg. I e-mailed a request for a quote and had a response within a few hours with an "out the door" price. It was extremely reasonable, so I set up an appointment. Even though I had to cancel and reschedule, Brian was pleasant, flexible, and able to communicate with me via e-mail throughout, which is a huge time saver. I showed up at about 4:15, told the man behind the counter about my quote, and he took all my info, asked for my keys, and showed me the lounge. At 4:40 I was called out and told my car was done. The tires were perfect, the service was quick and friendly, the cost was exactly what was quoted, and as a result my boyfriend will be getting his new tires from this location next week. Nice job!!
5	I have been here a few times for oil changes and have always been satisfied. This time Pete the manager really exceeded my expectations! I bought 2 tires and they hooked me up with an oil change, they beat Big O's quote for just tires by $200! For the same tire!!!  I highly recommend this Tire Pro's location!
5	Discount Tire quoted me 519 Dollars for two tires on my Escalade.  I checked with Brian's Tire Pros and they got me the same exact tires for 415.00 out the door.  It took about an hour to do the work.  If you want the best price I would use Brian's Tire Pros.  They may take a little longer to do the work, but I would rather have them take their time and do it right, than have a bunch of teenagers at Discount Tire do it wrong and over charge me.  Pete was the guy that helped me, I am a good judge of character, he was honest with me, he can be trusted.
5	Great service, very friendly.  Call for an appointment first, this not a lube and tune, this is an auto repair shop.  The quality and professionalism are indicative of that.
5	Honest, friendly, and great customer service.    Brian's Tire Pros has kept me coming back for oil changes, vehicle repairs, and tires for 4 years, because they consistently provide a great experience.
3	I'm changing my review because I called and made an appointment here. SPECIFICALLY the first appointment at 8 in the morning to guarantee that it would be done before work at 10:45. I was quoted 45 minutes for the oil change and tire rotation. When I got there I added an engine cleaner which was going to add 10 minutes. So I figured an hour to an hour and 15 minutes tops. We sat there for 2 hours and watched two other customers come and go before mine was done. I understand things take time but something so simple, that I've seen other places get done in 30 minutes, shouldn't take two hours for any auto shop. I'm just glad i got a groupon instead of paying full price for this service. I don't think we will be returning here if this is the type of service I can expect when Pete has the day off.
1	Had purchased a oil change card from a fundraiser so I decided to try out Brian's. I called and made an appointment for 8:00 am for an oil change and tire rotation. I checked in and was told it would be about an hour. It's 9:15 and I'm sitting here staring at my car in the parking lot. When I asked Rick how much longer it would be he said they were finishing up another car still. And it'll be another hour until my car is done. Just be honest about how long the work is going to take. I would've just gone somewhere else or dropped the car off if I had known it would take this long I guess if you don't mind waiting around all day for a simple oil change then this is the place for you. I however had better ideas for my day off.
1	This is the last review I will be leaving for Brian's Tire Pros. SAVE YOUR MONEY!! These guys just can't get it right! This is the third strike! It's friday morning and you send your whole crew home because it's slow, now it takes 2 hours to find a leak in my tire, that you sold me less than 2 months ago! This place is pathetic! I definitely don't recommend bringing your car here, maybe a crappy bike or something that they can't screw up. They probably would find a way to mess that up though.
1	I bought 2 - 3 oil change/tire rotations deals on Groupon. One for me and one for my son. The first oil change we walked in on a Saturday and waited. It took about 1 1/2 hrs for both cars. I asked them if they rotated the tires on both cars. They said no not on my sons as he never said to. I told them to rotate tires on both. I also asked them if the rotation is part of the Groupon why aren't you automatically doing it? He said because some people don't want it. I said it comes with it and YOU should be verifying then! The second time we came on a Saturday as well - no appointment needed. Again took about 1 hour for both. The third time we came in on a Friday - the guy (RICK) had a cocky attitude. He told us we needed an appt. We told him this is our 3rd time and we never needed it before. As we are talking he is shaking his head basically calling us a liar. He said not as long as I have worked here. We walked out because he was a jerk. My son refused to come back and make good on his 3rd free oil change. But because I am on a tighter budget I had to use mine. So I make an appointment. I come in and this time I made a comment to Rick. He goes, oh ya you guys got all mad an walked out. I told him that he had no right to tell us that we didn't come without an appt the 2 prior times. And there was something else he did that ticked me off but it escapes me. While paying and telling Rick that he shouldn't tell customers they are wrong, the guy standing in line behind me says - ya I used to come on Saturdays to and now they don't do oil changes on Saturdays. You sell all these Groupons and now you don't even do oil changes on Saturdays - really???? I will not do business with again - and my son wouldn't even finish up his Groupons he was so ticked with the customer service Rick gave.
