4	It is truly a little French cafe. The decor is cute but cliche.The menu is limited but everything is done right (as in France).Went with mom for a late lunch Sunday and we had; two lunches boxes (misnomer should be lunch bags) they give to you in lovely silvery gray re-useable bags. We enjoyed a selection of the Italian sodas to go with the food.The quality & freshness of the ingredients is obvious from the first bite. The baguette is crispy on the outside slightly chewy on the inside. The veg are crisp. Super tasty. The desserts we choose were tarts; the Raspberry & the Raspberry & blueberry - I loved the different pastry not your typical shortbread it was a firm cake loaded with ground almonds, yum! That made me wish we sat to have coffee with it.Typical of true French cuisine the portions are on the small side but the food is rich so that's the way it should be.The young ladies who served were not only a delight to talk with but pretty too.
5	I was stoked to hear that Jerome Ferrer was opening up a cafe in the Eaton Centre because it's so close to where I work and it's one of the best options for lunch out there.  It's exactly like his boutique in Old Montreal.  You can get a lunch box for either $10.90 or $13.90.  The cheaper option gets you a drink, sandwich and choice of dessert or salad.  The more expensive option gets you the salad and dessert in addition to the drink and sandwich.I tried the Perigourdin which had magret de canard, caramelized onions, lettuce, tomato and creme de foie gras.  The bread was of high quality and the ingredients themselves combined to make a delicious sandwich.  To top it off I had a strawberry tart for dessert.  The tart was nice and buttery and the strawberry flavours really stood out.This is going to be my new go to lunch place when I'm at work because no other place in that part of downtown begins to compare to Cafe Grevin.  For the price you pay you get a very high quality meal.
4	While the portion size has gone down slightly, the quality of the food, beverages and services maintains its high quality. Mom & I made it our regular brunch spot.
3	Upscale boutique lunch counter.The sandwiches selection varies depending on what's left as they are pre-made, the Montparnasse is gigantic and their side salads are very tasty. The ingredients are top notch as well. The service is very friendly and classy, maybe a bit too classy.Overall a refined experience for the same price as the food court downstairs in the Eaton Centre.
4	pastries are delicate and tasty:) although food/coffee is a lil bit pricey than normal.plates are very cute.. they are painting color plate made of white fine china which is interesting..but not impressed with the decoration/ atmosphere of the cafe although having heard so much about this place.
4	The woman behind the counter had no idea about anything I asked her. From the price to what was included in the lunch combo. Why hire staff and not train them properly? Luckily, the regular girl came back and took over. They put the take out orders in a little box that's easy to carryout. I loved the pastries and thought everything I had was quite good. Even though it's a bit out of the way (last floor of the mall) I would definitely go back. The pastries are definitely worth the trip.
2	I tried this cafe recently and was really disappointed to the food and service. I hate to give negative reviews but I kinda disagree with other good reviews left by others for this place.First, I ordered a roast beef sandwich. It had a tinny tinny slice of beef no sauce and hardly any garnishing. It was extremely dry and tasted just like a piece of bread which is very expensive the price. I also ordered cheese cake for dessert which was decent hence the 2 star rating.Second, the waitress was too busy talking to one of her colleagues while serving me and my friend. We had to wait for her to finish her conversation on multiple occasions. She even went on to talk to another colleague while our toasted sandwiches sitting in the bag. That's is not only bad service but is also rude to ignore the only customer you had to chat with work colleagues.Finally, I just hope that places like that act on customers' feedback and use it as a tool to improve their business rather than taking it personal.
4	Location: Top floor of the Eaton Center. McGill subway (right downstairs) or street parking available (in very limited quantities - you can't park on McGill. The Eaton Center also has underground parking but it's very expensive. The place: The layout is OK, but I can't help but feel that there's something off about it. It's not large by any means, but it's spacious enough so you're not elbow to elbow with your neighbors. The lighting is a little dim for me, the line-up can be a little chaotic so go before the rush.The food: I decided to go for their lunch box - a quiche, salad (cherry tomatoes + Bocconcini) + bottle of water. Despite bringing me the wrong quiche (I asked for broccoli/goat cheese and they brought me Lorraine), it was delicious. I generally don't eat meat, but the ham in the Lorraine was pretty tasty so I pretended it was tofu. The salad was also fresh and flavorful. I really enjoyed lunch. Next time I'll have to try dessert!Price point: Someone else picked up the tab for me so I didn't even look at the cost, but I think it was aruond $10.
4	I have only done delivery, which has been excellent. I am NOT a fan of sandwiches usually. I find them dry and boring. However, I LOVE the sandwiches served here. They are the complete opposite. They are full of flavour and are quite different from your typical sandwiches. I have had the opportunity to try a number of their sandwiches. The Montparnesse- (pate with eggs) is DELICIOUS. It is large, and quite complex in its flavours. The Perigord (duck and foie gras) has a very different flavour, but is also quite nice. Surprisingly, their vegetarian sandwich Le Provencal is also one of my favourite. The pesto is an awesome addition. Overall, their prices are reasonable. $7.9 for sandwiches alone, $11.9 for Sandwich+drink+saladORdessert, $15 for sandwich +drink+ salad + dessert. In terms of their salads, their couscous is a must! Their Boccocini was not the best. They are a great lunch option if you want something different, or if you are ordering lunch for a meeting.
