4	Delicious, cheap sub sandwiches!Don't let the looks of this place turn you away. Sure, it looks like a New York bodega, or one of those places in a poor neighborhood where transients buy their beer and cigarettes... which it is, but still... the sub sandwiches here are CHEAP and AMAZING.$5.99-$6.99 gets you a hand made sub and a can of soda; they slice the lunch meat fresh for each sandwich and the bread and toppings are great.The owner made my sandwich one day and was a super friendly guy and said if there's anything the store doesn't carry that I want, tell him. At that moment I didn't have the nerve to say "Almond milk and romaine lettuce" because I didn't want to sound like some East Coast liberal elitist. (Almond milk is great in coffee and I come from a blue collar family, so there).Treat yourself to a great sub today!
4	Went on a scavenger hunt to find this place! (They use to be down on 7th/Fremont, but they moved.) So glad we found it.... one of the best deli's in Vegas & they make awesome sub sandwiches for cheap! Full liquor store & they accept EBT/Food Stamps if you're interested.
1	G.H.E.T.T.O.Sign says No Loitering.  There is Loitering going on outside this place which means who knows what like 24/7.Sign says Western Union.  The only time I dropped in here was this week to send one (saw the sign driving by) and the girl said they haven't had W/U in months.Sign says $1 slices.  There was one slice in there that looked like it had been there seriously a few days.  The sandwiches pre-wrapped in their case looked inedible. The floor is disgusting, the only thing people were buying was booze.  This isn't a "family market" where everyone is stopping for food...it's a place selling booze / cigs from what i could tell as well as overpriced junk food.In my opinion the downtown area needs fewer of these places and more places like the book shop across the street or the new legit market 2 blocks west.  Definitely go there instead.Please at least fix your signs and clean up your store!
