4	Best $5 Car Wash in the valley.  They always have an attendant at the front end standing by to prewash your car before it goes into the tunnel. Gas prices are competitive.
4	Shell Gas Station on the NE side of the intersection. This place is awesome for the price!  You have an attendant that presoaks your car! They supply FREE vacuums for you to use as long as you like. The wash uses spinning linen to wipe of the AZ dirt. You can't beat all that for only $7.00.
5	Best gas station. Close to my house, gas pumps give you 10 cents off with frys fuel points, and they have a huge selection of craft beer. I'm glad there's a place nearby that sells good stuff. They also have lots of hard liquor and wine. Friendly clerks too. There's a car wash too I havnt used it but from the other reviews I guess it's good?
5	I heard about this place from one of the servers at a bar I frequent. I live just down the street and was surprised that I had never stopped in for even gas. When he told me about the selection of beer, wine, cigars, I was skeptical - so I stopped by on my way home. I needed gas anyway. One thing I discovered is it is challenging to get into the station. Coming from the direction I did I had to go to the light, turn left, but then the median prevented me from pulling in. So it was a drive down the block, U-turn, come back, and finally I could enter. Coming from the other direction would have been no problem. I filled up and went inside. I don't know if they were playing Belinda Carlisle's "Heaven is a place on Earth" or if that was just my inner voice performing late-afternoon karaoke. I was amazed at the selection this unassuming from the outside gas station had once I entered the front door. I would put it up there with Tops in Tempe or Sun Devil Liquor in Mesa. A gas station! You want kegs? They have them. You want to peruse more than 700 wines? They have them. They have liquor too. You want beer? And not Bud Light or The High Life, but actually good craft beer from dozens of breweries around the country? They have a walk in beer cave with cans, bottles, and bombers from wall to wall and floor to ceiling - they say over 1000 beers! How about a cigar on the way out? A walk in humidor with over 500 cigars also is located inside. This magical place is located about 2 miles from my apartment and U.O.E.N.O. it. It will likely be my new stop for gas and supplies!
1	When gas pump malfunctioned and wiped out my Fry's fuel points that would have saved 20 cents per gallon, employee refused to make it right; told me to call Shell. All he had to do was refund a couple of dollars if I filled my tank. Very poor customer service.
5	Talk about a hidden gem! Who would expect a 700 bottle selection of wine in a temperature controlled room, a growler station with local craft beers and a walk-in humidor in a gas station? A gas station with a post office outlet, I might add. It's like an old time general store!Their prices are great. We've been able to get some high end bourbons for $5 less than Total Wine. They carry some of my favorite AZ wines, and they even stock stuff that Total Wine doesn't have like Aviation gin and Cruzan guava rum, a staple at all our family parties. My husband says their cigar selection and prices are competitive too.Like Mark T., I also hear music in my head when I walk in this place, usually, "It's the stuff that dreams are made of." You must check this place out if you're in the East valley.
5	There are not enough great things to say about this place! Huge selection of wine and craft beer and amazing customer service.My first visit there, I was checking out their beer selection, unaware of the walk in beer cave and a manager came up to me to show me they had everything cold. After a long day, I needed em cold! Cigar selection, too. I have not used the car wash here.
5	OK - I've been enjoying this hidden oasis of alcohol for about a year now - but I only hit it about once a month - maybe once every couple of months.  When driving by recently, I noticed a sign that mentioned growler fills.  Last night, I walked in the door, and nearly sh@t myself with glee and jubilation.  Smack dab in the middle of the store is a  brand new, 15 foot long bar with about 20 taps of amazingly good, high end micro brews, and it's a GROWLER FILL STATION.   I felt like the God of Beer had instantly shone his holy light upon my liver.  This place is going to cost me some serious $$$$ this summer.  Gilbert is becoming so legit I almost can't stand it!!  I'll take a pic the next time I'm in there.....
5	I was dumbfounded walking into this place - I had spent (waisted) far too much time at BevMo & Total Wine looking for a type of Aquavit they didn't carry (Krogstad Festlig made by House Spirits of Portland, OR). Stepping thru the door I instantly knew they would have it.....but I couldn't make to the spirit section because I was completely distracted by the craft beer selection. Holy crap! Heaven. And yes, they did have the Krogstad. And their prices were reasonable.
5	What a fabulous little hidden gem!It's a gas station. I went to get some gas.I walk inside and instead of a bunch of junk food there are all different one-of-a-kind beers and spirits! Did I die and go to heaven early?Then as I sit there slack-jawed with excitement, I notice all these people coming in with growlers.This isn't just some gas station.There's a beer cave and wine cellar and so many different beers and liquors and flavors and so cheap!!!Needless to say, I forgot to get gas.
