5	I noticed my brakes squeaking and grinding so I took my car to my regular mechanic for an oil change and asked him to check it out.  He said I needed new brakes and rotors at the tune of $415.00.  I decided to get more opinions so I went 5 places total and all 5 gave me the same diagnosis.  However, the price out the door at Brakes Plus was $279.00 (they gave me a coupon book which included a $50 off coupon) and they treated me with the most respect out of anybody I went to see.  To top it off, they let me drive their company car back to work so I didn't have to sit there and wait!  Brakes Plus is now my "regular mechanic" and I will be using them and the other $25 coupon for my 60K service.Thanks guys!!
5	I checked the price at several repair shops before selecting Brakes Plus to have the brakes on my BMW 3 series replaced.  Chris works the front desk and was extremely knowledgeable and thorough.  He was honest about the work that needed to be done and worked with me on price. The shop did a great job and had all the work completed in under an hour.  If you need to have your brakes replaced, I would highly recommend this location of Brakes Plus!
4	Have been going to this location for a few years. Fair and honest people. Several locations.
5	I brought my car here after my check engine light went on.  They were professional, speedy and informative.  They called me to let me know that it was just a gas cap crack that was causing the issue and that they would take care if it for me.  They also wanted me to know that the previous place that I had my oil changed at had forgotten to connect a hose by the air filter.  Also my tire only had 2 of 5 bolts in it and they believed that the previous place did not screw them in all properly and I am lucky that my tire did not fall off.  The manager was so nice and explained everything to me. This is great place to bring your car to!  They even called the next day to check and make sure everything was working ok.
5	It was almost 6 pm on Friday and the oil light on my Nissan Pathfinder came on as I was about to pull into my garage. In a panic I reversed course and headed to the first auto service center I could find; luck was on my side.I pulled in Brakes Plus on North Tatum, it was 5 minutes to 6 and I asked if it was possible to get a quick oil change. The manager, Jason, told me that his crew had just clocked but he volunteered to add oil to my crankcase, he also made an appointment for an oil change the next morning. Apparently I was down 3 quarts of oil which Jason personally added. When I asked how much I owed him Jason said no charge; I was impressed and relieved.Saturday morning I was there bright and early and explained to Michael, the service manager of the day, my story and he got me fixed up. After a quick check of my Pathfinder they realized that my oil coiler was the cause of my leak and made arrangements to have it fixed. Rather than wait in the lobby Brakes Plus gave me a ride home and picked me up when the work was completed.The oil cooler seals were replaced and the oil changed. They also made me aware of a couple other items that would need tending to in the near future. The costs were very reasonable and under the circumstances I was very grateful that I had found some people that I could trust. Fate sometimes smiles. The good news for me is that Brakes Plus is just down the road and staffed with a nice group of people. Thanks guys.
5	Took my 2001 Explorer in for shocks , they were $50 cheaper than any where else I got a quote. I knew there was other work that needed to be done , they quoted me a price , I took back in 2 days later for work , they took me back to the hotel I was staying in and picked me up when the work was done . Fast and friendly , would recommend them to anyone .
2	I came in here today to have my grinding brakes looked at. My 2 stars are based solely on my customer service experience. I didn't let them work on my car.Strike 1: A mechanic came in and said "Is that your Mustang?"  "Yes."  "Thought so. I'll tell the guys to stop making fun of it, har har."Rude, unprofessional, not cool to say to a customer.Strike 2: Presenting me with the repair bill and no explanation of anything, just a lot of "This is the EMERGENCY, BARE MINIMUM".  I did not appreciate being handed a $570 bill for just the front brakes and calipers, with no explanation whatsoever and a lot of high pressure "I just need the okay to get started" despite me repeating a few times that I needed to check out my financial situation first. Strike 3: Upon  telling the manager I would be taking the car elsewhere to get a second opinion, he launched into what I consider a tantrum. "SECOND OPINION? Second opinion? I gave you the cheapest price around. You won't get better. Grumble grumble, mumble."  Took off to the back without another word. I then had to wait a good 10 minutes for a mechanic to pull my car around... guess customer service drops off a cliff when the customer decides they might want to check other options out.I took the car to Sun Devil Auto, who actually explained what was wrong with the brakes, told me I did NOT need new calipers, and that there was another more minor problem causing the wear on my brake pads. They didn't use high pressure sales, they didn't try to scare me with  words like "emergency", and the staff was all extremely nice.
5	I drive a 2009 Smart Passion Coupe, and needed new brakes. The Mercedes dealership quoted me $500+ for the pads and rotors. I called several places and got anything from $400 to $250. Then I called Brakes Plus and they quoted me $230. I spoke with Allan and he was unbelievably nice. I went in and asked for him. I was simply blown away with his attitude, his customer service and their price. I mean... $500 compared to $230. Go figure! It is on my way home, too. Just an overall great experience, and Allan... Cheers!
3	Nice staff as mentioned in a prior review, but they have replaced the steering rack on my Silverado 5 times in the past 3 years!!!!! Yes, that is right, and after the one they recently put on 8/26/14 is leaking and loose. That means it is going in tomorrow. I just paid $252 in labor to put it on as it was outside of 6 months. The steering hose was leaking and they replaced it for free. Mike the Manager tries his best to make things right.
5	This store is amazing! After attempting to take our truck to Fletcher's, and dealing with that fiasco I was blown away by their level of service here. I called less than an hour before they closed, and was still told to come in anyway and they would look at the truck and take care of it right then and there. They even offered us a vehicle to use in the mean time. I am so glad that they have an open shop, it made it really easy to communicate what was going on and for them to show us exactly what needed to get fixed and why. Our brakes were in really bad shape, I mean really bad. There was nothing left on the passenger side, and the drivers side wasn't much better. But after being told it would take 3 hours or more at Fletcher's, I was very pleased to be driving out of their parking lot less than 1 hour later. All in all they stayed about 10-15 min after close for us, but I can tell you it made a huge impression on us. My boyfriend drives and works all over the valley in that truck, so his safety is a major priority to me, and thanks to all the guys at Brakes Plus, I can feel a little better about him leaving every morning. I have been taking my vehicles to them for a while now, even with my first car about 9 years ago, and to our last truck 2 years ago; but this visit just took the cake. Especially after being so looked over by other stores. Thanks Brakes Plus!
3	They have a lot of coupon online, price is not bad, service also, base on there price, I still will be back, lol
1	I had a horrible experience here to get the oil change.i called around 8 o'clock to make appointment at 9 am to get oil change and the guy said it will take about an hour to get done  will be 10am so i said it was ok because I have to go to work at 10am.so I got there signed in at 9am after I waited 45 min my car still sit outside.sure enough the gentleman sit next to me been waiting for his car over an hour finally got up and walk to the service guy .tell the service guy he was very disappointed at this place after a long period waiting his car still sits outside too.the gentleman walked out.    I got up and ask him the service guy how much longer I will have to wait so he finally took my car in .so if I never got up and ask him.i don't know what how much longer I have to wait l.maybe about two hours .thats ridiculous...what's the point to make appointment if you can't get done on time or not even close.so they got done 10 30am which I was late at my work for 30min. Won't ever come back again.service sucks !!!!!!
