5	I really love this studio! A few months ago, I purchased a Living Social deal that covered 20 classes in a three month period. This new studio is located in a small strip mall at the corner of Osborn and 7th Ave, a few doors down from the video rental store. I live in the Park Central neighborhood and it takes me 5 minutes to walk over. The studio itself is small but decorated in a way that makes it seem intimate. Very, very cute. Kim is the owner and also leads the majority of the classes (she recently hired another instructor). There are four types of classes: Barre Fitness, Ball Pilates, Vinyasa Flow Yoga and Equilibrium Yoga. I have only been to the first two and they are a total blast. Kim plays upbeat music (usually hip-hop, R&B, or rap) that makes the classes go by quick. She has a great attitude and is alot of fun. The studio's website is kept very up-to-date and lets you know which classes are full. The dates go out pretty far, too, which is great because the classes get full fast! For that reason, I am grateful for the added instructor (Jordan). Also, Kim added more Barre classes because it is so popular. My Living Social voucher is going to end soon but I am definitely going to buy a package. A 5 class pass is $60 and 10 class pass is $110. That is comparable to other local spots and you can purchase them online! Love, love, love this studio.
5	Like others, I found this studio through a Living Social coupon.  It is a great studio.  Kim is so friendly and fun.  I would highly recommend the yoga classes.  They are both challenging and relaxing!  It is a small studio, but that gives it a really nice, intimate feel.  I definitely recommend it!
5	Yup, a great living social find. Kim's enthusiastic and welcoming. Plus, her barre class left me a good kind of sore. And the candlelight yoga was a perfect destresser for the mid-week crazies.I know Kim's got plans to take over the place next door.. knocking down some walls and expanding! With the popularity she's found I wouldn't doubt it all coming to fruition sooner than expected. But even if this place grows in physical dimension, it's going to keep that initimate feel. At this studio you're greeted by name and with a warm smile. I'm sold.
5	Can I unofficially give Equilibrium Studio six stars?! Because it IS that great! Like other reviewers, I found myself at the studio courtesy of a Living Social deal (20 classes for $20!) and have since signed up for a membership.The studio is great for so many reasons:1. Cozy, intimate space.2. Mat rentals and water bottles for purchase.3. All the necessary fitness equipment - blocks, blankets, belts, foam-wedges, hand weights, small towels, etc.4. Cubbies for personal belongings.5. Good variety of music during classes.6. Reasonable, competitive prices.7. Great variety of classes - barre, ball, pilates, yoga.8. Easy to schedule/cancel classes.9. The occasional special event, like "The Art of Meditation".10.Kim, owner and instructor.And, it's 5 minutes away from home!No complaints whatsoever. In fact, Kim has been very understanding, flexible and helpful regarding my class requests/cancellations and getting my membership set up. I appreciate and enjoy the feeling or "vibe" of the studio, and definitely recommend this place!
