1	Sadly..NO to this location.It's new, but I gave this place a try.  Let me sum this place up real quick.1.  There's limited flavors to select.2.  The mouth piece doesn't fit the tube nicely.  So I've inhaled a few leaked air.  That's pretty sad.3.  The prices aren't reasonable.  I mean you could only get the special which is $30 for two hookah gadgets but of the same flavor.  Really?!4.  The floor is disgusting and bad for hookah lounge because it's carpeted.And last but not least the total NO that just shut me down.  Are you ready for the worst topping of them all?!5.  Their unisex bathroom is filthy.  While I was urinating, a large roach popped out of nowhere started crawling on the floor getting closer to me.  That's just straight up NASTY!Never again.. Sorry 3 Kings will probably never return to their own venue.
3	was a first time here & any hookah lounge for that matter ... i did enjoy myself for a newby  as i notice thee reviews seems like the prices were a little high but it was worth it to me ... decent dj & decent looking crowd to associate with ... but building did seem a little small
5	This place is fucking amazing. They have by far the best hookahs in all Vegas. The service is great and it never takes long for anything. There is one guy that works there works the weekends and all his bowls are great. His name is Bradey and he really knows his shit. When you go ask for him to make your bowl, it will hit perfect and forever. Tip him a good penny as well he deserves it. BEST HOOKAH LOUNGE IN LAS VEGAS!!!!!
1	This place sucked! There wasn't a lot to choose from in the menu in regards to hookah or drinks and really no food.  They had a dj who played really loud music, and mostly college kids go there.  The manager asked us to move to another table when another larger party showed up, which was really rude I dont see how thats our fault. We just ended up smoking hookah for 5 min and then leaving.  It was a waste of our time and money.  DONT Go Here!!
3	Went here for the first time, we did a strawberry-mint hookah and it was pretty good. Can't say much for the price since I didn't pay, but it was surprisingly chill for a late saturday night. There were maybe 15-20 people, and we easily got the lounges in the back. Music was okay, but no food or alcohol.
1	Music was too fucking loud. We even gave money to the DJ to turn it down, and after one song, the volume returned to where you cannot even hear yourself think. DJ Fame was also making homophobic comments, and not to mention the music was terrible. Hookah was okay but way overpriced.
2	Am I back in high school? Yes, when I stepped into this place.Got a hookah for me and a friend. It was about $20, alcohol is not served in this establishment. I think, or it seemed like it. Hookah didn't last that long.It was alright, I've been to better hookah lounges.
1	Points I get across to:1. Demographic2. Atmosphere3. Hookah1. An important part of a business is the demographic it appeals to. Unfortunately, this ranks a 3 out of 10 for me because you'll find rowdy, poorly dressed teenagers with obnoxious mouths and bad tempers under the assumption that they're the "Sh**" and should not be messed with. The establishment does nothing about the cacophony and behavior of these "teenagers". In fact, they join in at times as well. On a more personal note, I'm bothered at the fact that the employees of 3 Kings Hookah do NOT wear uniforms to distinct themselves from the general public.2. The atmosphere is mediocre AT BEST. It ranks a 3 out of 10. The couches are uncomfortable and you can't help but think about the cleanliness of the furniture. The HVAC set up yields a poorly maintained temperature setting which varies throughout the area of the establishment. The music was orchestrated by a DJ who thought that late 2000 hip hop and R&B mixes were appropriate. The strobes, lasers, and disco balls depicted radical lighting patterns that reflected a generic scene from Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. If you are apoplectic do NOT enter because it will induce a seizure.3. The hookah apparatus that I had was FILTHY. I don't know if it was dust or grease, but the white napkin i wiped it with proved to me it was not something I want to smoke from. In terms of the hookah, you should just smoke the hookah you have at your house or your friend's house. It was NOT terrible it was just not worth paying for. I'm not picky about my hookah but I know how it should be done. I can attest that the hookahs they have are of HIGH QUALITY. They also have pretty cool hookah tips (they gave me long one that I kept and use periodically). The fashion of which they set their hookahs up is poor. I question their methods and their cleanliness. 4 out of 10 in my book.
1	Horrible service and hookahs took 40 mins to bring out ! What type of lounge operates like this
1	Honestly, the staff and the environment make it seem just like high school. The manager is best friends with all the employees and none of them have respect for the business. I've been in a few times & I could run a better lounge. The DJ is terrible it's all that electric music and nobody dances. Everyone seems to sit in the booths and talk about everyone else. It's not a good business, it's not ran properly. Maybe if someone knew what they were doing it wouldn't be dead in there all the time.
1	Terrible service , only 3 staff member and only 1 if the 3 carries the only pair of tongs in the building , our bowl wasn't put on correctly and was about to fall off , the coals had fallen on the floor and a guy at the register was yelling at another employee to go fix it who was currently setting up someone's bowl, so my coals sat on the floor for a good 4-5 minutes and one cracked and wasn't replaced. I asked for white gummy bear flavor and was told it's out of stock as well as another popular flavor. Dj was absolutely terrible
2	I came here on Halloween expecting it to be packed but it was okay. It was $10 for all you can smoke. For a hookah lounge, this place looks nice compared to other places I've been to. But service was horrible. It took us longer to get our hookah and coals than to smoke it. Whenever we asked for anything, we'd asked multiple times for them to actually do it. The mouth pieces don't fit and our hookah hose was leaking air. Plus it tasted like straight up cigarettes. It was gross.
