4	Kicks Subway in the butt, the subs here taste so fresh and the bread is always fresh out of the oven.  My favorite part about the place is the hot sauce selection.  I am a sucker for hot sauce, and they carry about thirty different brands.  It gets pretty crowded here around lunch time, so I would hit it up during the less hectic hours.  Their vegetarian sub is delicious.  I have heard that there BLT sub is pretty money as well.  They don't get enough recognition, but they sure do deserve it.
3	Really delicious subs - way better than anything you would get at Subway and better than Quizno's too! Firehouse offers a couple of different meats that you won't see at the other sub places - corned beef brisket and pastrami - so avoid the usual ham and cheese. Firehouse also does things a little differently than Quizno's - they steam the meat and cheese first.Taking the order to go, I got the "Hook & Ladder" for myself (ham and turkey with Monterrey Jack cheese) and the "Engineer" (smoked turkey and sauteed mushrooms) for my wife. Both were what they call "fully involved" which means, as you can guess, with all the usual toppings.While the staff was friendly and the sandwiches were excellent, by the time I had driven them five minutes to get home, they had become a little soggy. I'm sure that it is the steamer that does it. No biggie - have it "eat in" rather than "to go."Try something different!
4	The bread is awesome and they have baked Lay's potato chips which I haven't seen in a long time.  Plus they have the super powerful salt & vinegar chips which I like when I need a punch of flavor.  So far I've only tried the standard ham and turkey but it was so good I'll be back for more.  Can't wait to try the club or Italian on the next visit. 8 bucks for a combo is higher than Subway but on par with Jimmy John's, and a lot less fuss than Quizno's.
4	Absolutely love this place. I think it's great that every time you walk in the door everyone on the staff greets you with a "Welcome to Firehouse!"I always get the Club on a Sub, fully involved except for mustard and love how it melts in my mouth when I eat it. Plus you get a pickles on the side with every sandwich and they are always crisp and delicious.
2	Over priced, low quality food.I will not be visiting a Firehouse Subs location again as long as there is a Subway or Quizno's close by.Frankly, I'd rather get something from the grocery store deli counter.
5	The hot sauces add that extra KICK that differentiates Firehouse Subs from the other subs.  Sure they have great meats and the bread is fresh, but the different sauces allow you to dress up the sandwich in different combinations to prevent the inevitable food boredom.My favorite is Gator Hammock... Garlicky mouth-watering goodness.
4	It's the Moe's of subs ! They all say welcome to Firehouse when you walk-in, I was there probably a total of 5 minutes and heard it approximately 12 times,it was entertaining really. I went with the Italian which was about $6 for the sandwich sans combo. I thought it was MUCH better than Subway and really enjoyed that it was steamed and not-skimpy ingredient-wise. I will say next time I will go light on italian dressing as I did mayo since it was a bit borderline soggy by the time I was ready to eat (my fault). Overall I'd go back again as it had a lot of flavor for a chain sub-shop.
5	Friendly service! Excellent Subs!!12pm visit on a SaturdayFood trays delivered once ready. The staff check on you to see if everything is okay with your meals. Military was out for lunch. I had no idea a base was nearby but there was no line when we arrived. A staff member was nice enough to help me choose a good sub based on my preferred taste in delimeats. These are more hearty than subway. Fresh and light bread. No heavy or bulgy feeling after eating. Nutritional information on the company's website. Clean restroom.
3	Everything about this locations is "okay."  The food is good, its usually noisy (especially at lunch), and your food is ready in a timely manner.  The seating is a little strange, just because it is so small inside and the line can get a bit long at times. I've had some great sandwiches and these are just okay, everything about this experience was just, okay.
3	Sub was ok, not as good as quiznos, but the old bald guy could not get an order right!! Messed up twice so I just took the sub, then heard a lady complain about tomatoes right after........so, check it out if you want, but Quiznos is better, IMHO.
5	I used to think that Subway was as good as it got, boy was I wrong. I have a new favorite sub chain & that chain is Firehouse. On the outside Firehouse doesn't appear to be any different than any other sub shop. The interior is where the magic begins. In keeping with its name the interior walls are decorated with firefighting memorabilia. The Starmount store has a large mural of Engine Company #12 arriving at a blazing house ready to do battle with the flames.It also seems to be a favorite place to eat with first responders. I have tried the meatball sub combos on two visits. Both times the sub was served piping hot from an oven. They were very tasty & very filling. I also tried the beef brisket one. I also liberally spread Captain Sorenson's Datil Pepper Sauce on that sub. It has a sweet hot flavor that really starts burning when it wants to leave your body!
3	(11/01/13) I tried the steak and cheese sub. It was pretty ordinary. No special sauce orher than the Sorenson hot sauce.(11/02/13) Tonight I'm having another large meatball sub. I think they're the best sub on the menu.(11/03/13) So I had a mediym steamer today. It was average at best. What a disappointment.
4	11/26/13 I had a great hero sub tonight. It was made by Jarvis. I tried some tahitian garlic hot sauce as well. Both were vwry tasry.
5	Greg made me one of his favorite subs tonight called the engine company. It isn't on the menu anymore but it was very tasty.  The backdraft hot sauce complimented it nicely. I've tried most everything on the menu at this point and all of it is pretty good. I'm now letting them surprise me and it seems to be working out pretty well.
4	I am a big fan of the Firehouse chain.  I am a whore for corned beef, and most that I have had from the various locations is tender and not stringy.Located at the corner of South Blvd and Woodlawn, in the same shopping center as Home Depot, be on the lookout for this small shop or you may pass it. My NY Steamer (corned beef and pastrami with cheese, mayo, mustard and italian dressing) hit the spot.  Eaten with their Cherry Limeade and a bag of the new Ruffles Ultimate Sweet & Smoky chips, I enjoyed my meal.  I also purchased a limited run S'mores brownie.  It was okay, though dense and a little dry. Firehouse costs a bit more than their sub competitors, and take a bit longer to receive, but it is a delicious change from boring.  Their hot subs are tender and juicy, served hot and delicious.  Firehouse also has online ordering now for various locations, including this one - so if you are in a rush, or need a big order, utilize the Online Ordering via their website.   Good stuff, I have been coming here for years and will definitely return.
4	So I had a meatball sub this afternoon. It was very good as always. Then later this evening I decided to try their chili. That was a mistake. The chili is relegated to side items for a reason. First off it is continuously heated in a container all day long. It is served in a small plastic bowl which is actually fortunate because you don't have much to eat. The chili is pretty watery. It needs to be thicker, two packs of crackers are provided for this purpose. But the lack of thickness is a front for the lack of substance. The chili doesn't have a lot of meat, beans or flavor. I added a hot sauce that I liked called Backdraft. The sauce provided flavor but did not draw out any from the chili. My stars represent the service and the sub I had earlier. The chili gets no stars from me.
2	I had the brisket sandwich. It was good. I ordered a combo which was 10$. I paid for 3 people and it was 32$. The food is alright. You can go to Harris teeter and get a footling sub anyway you want for 5$. Never going to firehouse again.
5	Another day another Italian sub. Firehouse makes them very, very well and always tasty. Just the thing to hit the spot on a long shift.
3	Today is the first day of the debut of the new sandwiches. Oddly there is no mention of them on their Yelp page. I ordered a Sriracha beef fully involved. I don't know what to expect so I'm eagerly awaiting my sandwich. Okay so it's a lot smaller than a sub, maybe 6" long. The first taste is the chili paste hot sauce. The beef itself has no distinct flavor. I'd have to say its a miss as far as I'm concerned. Its all heat and no flavor. Disappointing. I spoke with one of the corporate trainers who told me that the sandwich is built around the sauce. Apparently the sauce raises the metabolism and enhances weight loss. I find that claim questionable. It also would mean that the sandwich is simply a carrier for the sauce. I'm sure that Firehouse will also sell the sauce as a stand alone item. I watched the trainer prepare a basic salad. After he was done he gave it to me. Firehouse food is always served in red plastic containers that seem to resemble airborne gurneys that one would winch into a helicopter. The salad is served in a rounded red bowl that seems to be the perfect size for cereal,  dog food, etc. I think they'll lose a lot of bowls! As for the salad, well it's a salad. A mixture of lettuce,  bell peppers,  cucumbers, tomatoes, olives, cheese and 2 pepperocini. Dressing is added then the salad is tossed for 30 seconds. It distributes the dressing nicely. Trying to eat a large bowl of salad after the sandwich was a chore. What I noticed most about the salad was that every ingredient looked as though it had been run through a wood chipper. Every veggie was in tiny pieces. Its a lot of salad for the money.
3	I'm trying another specialty sandwich today, Captain Sorenson's grilled chicken sandwich with datil pepper sauce. Jarvis took my first one back because he said it had a hair on it. It's currently being re-made.So the sandwich appears and I'm getting excited till I bite into it... and it has no flavor?  Captain Sorenson's datil pepper hot sauce has great flavor.  Its akin to a hot ketchup. This is not looking good. But there's another disturbing discovery just below the bun. The grilled chicken has a rubbery texture. At first I thought it might not have been cooked, but it wasn't raw. It just has a weird texture to it. Even fully involved it had no flavor till I smothered it in Cap'n Sorensen's sauce. Two strikes...
5	So I'm going to head over to Firehouse again and try another of the hearty and flavorful sandwiches. I had been talking to an employee and he felt that I wasn't giving the sandwiches the chance they deserved. I'm going to try the turkey with salsa verde.Now this is a good tasting sandwich!  The salsa verde compliments the turkey nicely. The lettuce is nice and crispy. The turkey has a nice smoked flavor that compliments the salsa nicely. Everything tastes good! You knocked it out of the park with this one guys!To be fair each of the sandwiches are carefully designed and paired with items that compliment one another while akeeping the calorie count below 500. As anyone who's ever attempted a diet knows it's extremely difficult to make a meal that's both hearty and flavorful. Flavor components that most of us think have no bearing on calories can really add calories to a dish. So unknown employee, thank you for making my Firehouse supper amazing!I'm sitting back down. I want another one!
5	There's just something about a firehouse Italian fully involved sub and Backdraft hot sauce accompanied by a Barq's vanilla root beer that really hits the spot on a cold winter day.The sub was hot and delicious. I don't know who crafted it but they did a great job. It was nice and messy. Firehouse is definitely the place to be on a cold day.
5	Once again I'm eating a turkey salsa verde sandwich at firehouse. It's a nice wet sandwich that's full of flavor and fills one up nicely. It is definitely one of my favorite sandwiches even though I've been on an Italian sub kick this past week. The atmosphere today is playful. It's a brisk day today but it's nice and warm in firehouse. There is a basketball game on the televisions and a medium amount of diners. A perfect atmosphere in which to enjoy a meal.
5	Comfort food... When one thinks about comfort food one usually thinks about pancakes or tapioca pudding. Rarely do people view subs as comfort food. Yet a Firehouse Italian sub is very much comfort food. Today I had a large Italian sub fully involved crafted by Mike Shingle. Everything was in it place in perfect proportion. For a day like today when it's freezing cold and the wind makes you bow your head to escape its fury, you can count on Firehouse providing the best comfort food to warm you up and let you meet the cold head on. Good job folks!
5	Let's return to the Siracca beef sandwich. It's been nearly a month since its introduction. I had one for supper this evening. It was nicely crafted by Greg Gimon. The sandwich is a nicely balanced combination of beef and Siracca hot sauce. The sauce grows on you. I had first likened it to eating a flamethrower but it has a nice flavor component all its own. I do admit that I asked for a small taster cup with extra sauce. I tend to like my sandwiches wet. All in all it was a good hearty sandwich that really sated my hunger. I'm looking forward to eating my next one.
5	So today I decided to try the Hook and Ladder light sandwich. My memory of the hook and ladder sub is fuzzy at best, so it was a completely new taste for me. The sandwich has a slightly smokey and sweet taste that is delicious. If I closed my eyes I could imagine that I was holding a medium or even a large sub. The sandwich was crafted by Mike Shingle and as always he did a superb job. The Hook and Ladder light joins my list of great sandwiches. Bravo Firehouse!
5	So today the hearty and flavorful sandwich makes the leap into  becoming the Siracca beef fully involved medium sub! A joint effort by Mr. Gimon and Mr.Flenor crafted beautifully and very tasty.Thank you Firehouse challenge for the combo coupon!  The extra Siracca sauce is very important when ordering the sub version. The Swiss cheese really brings out the flavor of the roast beef.
5	(02/08/2014) Time for another fully involved medium Italian sub courtesy of Mike Shingle. It looks and smells delicious! It was great and it filled me up nicely.(02/09/2014) Today I'm trying another of the hearty and flavorful sandwiches: turkey and cranberry. It was a hard decision. Should I stay with the familiar or blaze off into the unknown. ..? Of course I picked the unknown. So the sandwich was crafted by Mike Goss and Damien. The first bite reminded me of Thanksgiving dinner minus the stuffing, thankfully the delicious pickle fills in nicely. Like the turkey salsa verde sandwich this sandwich has a nice smoked flavor thanks to the turkey with a sweet lingering finish courtesy of the cranberry.  Another great sandwich! Thanks Firehouse!
4	This place has the old firehouse theme nice and clean. Very friendly staff seem to live what they are doing. I got the hook and ladder. I forgot they put mayo on it I hate mayo. But I scraped it off and added mustard and hot sauce. It was quite good. I will be back here. I recommend checking this place out.
5	Today I'm trying Momma's chicken salad. I have been doing the Firehouse Subs challenge online on their website and have received some great coupons. But the best coupon came at the end of the challenge for a free hearty and flavorful sandwich or one of the new salads. A very generous coupon. Mike Shingle made my salad. It is very tasty and is really hitting the spot today.
5	Today I had an opportunity to try a veggie sub. I'd always been unsure about it but today was the day to give it a try. When the sub arrived at my table after being crafted by Greg Gimon the first attribute that caught my attention was the aroma. The sub almost demanded to be eaten,  not only eaten but devoured. And it was not to be denied. It tasted great. It also fell apart very nicely. All in all it hit the spot nicely.
5	(3/12/14) I had a great Italian sub today. It was superbly crafted by Mandy. It was delicious hot but I could only eat half of it. So I took the other half home in a container. I ate it for lunch the next day and surprisingly it tasted even better cold.(3/14/14)Fast forward to today. I'm having another Italian sub jointly crafted by Mike Shingle & Greg Gimon. As usual it was very well made and delicious.  (03/15/14) Mike and Greg are working second shift again today. What to have what to have... I again decided on an Italian sub. It was good to see Matt back behind the counter. He really makes customers feel welcome. The sub as usual was very tasty and prepared just right. Nice work guys!
5	Love this place...we go there at least once a week and the staff is super friendly...they remember what my favorite sub is every time I go in...i def recommend that you treat yourself to a fantastic sub at this fantastic place
2	Moved to NC from CT. I wanted to try this place out hoping it was like a deli with fresh meat and bread. Subs tasted just like subway to me, except more expensive. Nothing like a northern deli shop.
3	Best meatball sub..light marinara..some on the side...yummmy. the meal for 1 person does tend to be on the high for deli style subs. For now it is my go to shop for my meatball sub.I gave it three stars for the price and because it never fails i always gave to wipe down my table before having a seat. Always crumby and ate on from previous folk. Next time i go back i will get a free pickle bucket for when i donate 2$ dollars to charity!
