4	I nominate The Lunch Bag as one of the most delicious, quickest and cheapest sandwiches in and around Mountain View/ Via Linda area. Everything that I've had here was delicious and fresh, bonus points for delivering in the local area! When I ate meat, my standard was their turkey, bacon and pepperoncini on toasted sourdough, but their veggie sandwich is very god as well. So easy to fax in the order and either pick your order up or have it delivered. I miss working in the area and having TLB as a tasty lunch!
3	I spotted this place at Via Linda and 90th because I have been dinning quite a bit at Andreoli's across the street as of late. I figured I should give it a chance and spread some lunch love around the neighborhood.  The other day I was back in the area during lunch and thought I would finally give it a shot and I am glad I did.  It is nice to get a simple, well made sandwich with the ingredients that I want at a good price and fast.  The sandwiches are kind of like the good ones a mom would pack for their kids in elementary school. The type that other kids would offer up all sorts of interesting trades for just a half of. After checking out the menu I opted for the fresh made chicken salad with tomato, sprouts, swiss (cheese is an extra $.50),  1000 island dressing on rye bread with a bag of Poore Brothers chips for $7 flat out the door. The sandwich was made in 5 minutes and I was out the door.  I don't know how fast my sandwich would have been made had there been a line out the door as this place seems to be a 3 person operation or if I had caught it when they had just received an office order, but for my purposes it was quick and at the right price. All of their sandwiches are 6.50 and any of the extras cost you another $.50. Extra meat will run you a buck and double meat will run you $4.00.  They have daily specials and you can get a half sandwich with chips for $4.00.  They don't have a website that I could find although you can sign up for the email club to get daily specials. They are opened from 7:30 am to 2:30 pm Mon-Fri and 8am-2 pm on Saturdays.  I wish that more places that served breakfast in this town would open before 7am.  There is a definite 1 star deduction for no website/ ability to see the menu online. Half a point deduction for not being open early enough to actually get their breakfast before I have to be at work. If those problems are fixed, then this great little spot automatically becomes a 4 to 4.5 star joint.
2	I guess I just didn't get it. I ordered a half sandwich with soup and the tortilla soup was so oily I couldn't eat more than two bites. There were peices of skin from the chicken in the soup which was really gross too. The sandwich was good, but not worth the price of $6.50. They also charge 50 cents per extra item which includes things like olives, pickles, and peperoncinis. Really?!? I can see extra for avocado or bacon, but not the basic veggies. What a rip off. The sandwiches at sprouts are just as tasty and you can get all the veggies you want. They also have a daily special for $2.99 or $3.99 for most other sandwiches. Try that instead!
5	This place is great for lunch! We eat here a fair amount because they deliver and we can never find time to leave the office to get lunch. I love their tuna ciabatta sandwich. They are always very friendly and efficient when taking and delivering orders. Serving 5 people was absolutely no problem. If you work in the area, they can send you a fax each week with their specials on it. Sometimes it even has little promo's like free soda if you order the special. The only downside is the price. After tipping the delivery guy it comes to around $10 for one small sandwich and plain Lay's potato chips! So, great to splurge on once in a while or when your boss buys you lunch but unable to afford every day.
4	I love the Meatloaf sandwich
4	I noticed that there were two listings for this business on Yelp. I can only assume that it's because this location was once owned by different people, but under the same name. Having never been to The Lunch Bag under EITHER owner prior to this, I can only speak for the new regime. If you're not looking for this place, you'll most likely miss it. Located at the corner of Via Linda and 90th, The Lunch Bag is a very small sandwich shop located on the bottom floor what looks like an old executive building. Let's say that it's "quaint."  As you approach the building, you're greeted by a cute little storefront http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xnewsBhNreOfi36cMFOM6Q?select=gPA2dZcP7pzbZgVHZUXyNQ#vPFdolsh7OOgfSmiuHCxHA, which gives it that local flavor. You'll also have to pass by the outdoor seating area. There are four tables total, all spread across the storefront, nicely tucked in under the natural awning created by the second story businesses http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xnewsBhNreOfi36cMFOM6Q?select=gPA2dZcP7pzbZgVHZUXyNQ#WwaqX-Ap83NRX5Ovd9Stdw. Once you get inside, you realize why the outdoor seating is so abundant. The seating inside is very limited. It IS there, though. So, if you happen to be here during a lull, you'll be able to sit down at one of the three or four decent indoor seats.The menus here, just like at many local businesses, are made by hand using different colors of chalk (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xnewsBhNreOfi36cMFOM6Q?select=gPA2dZcP7pzbZgVHZUXyNQ#iZbj9PSgVOa76Pa07dCIgg). This, in my opinion, is another great touch to any local business. There are several different menus hung on the wall, each one shouting out a particular portion of the available menu. There are sections for salads, sandwiches, and even deserts! For such a small place, they certainly offer a lot of options. Although I didn't see it anywhere on the menu, they DO offer options for children (Turkey, Ham, and PB&J). They also have a limited selection of sodas, but only in cans @ $1.00 each.With my daughter in tow, we stopped in for lunch. She ordered the PB&J. The owner was kind enough to quarter the sandwich for my daughter, which for some reason tickled her pink. I asked my daughter how her sandwich was. She said, "It's the best sandwich I've ever eaten, daddy." Granted, she's 3 1/2, so her life experience is limited. But still...I'd say that's high praise.As for me, I opted for a deli sandwich with turkey on 12 grain wheat. They stacked this sandwich to the moon and back! I could barely take a bite out of it without almost hurting myself. Although the size WAS a great selling point, it wasn't the MAIN thing. Even though it was a standard deli sandwich, something about it was really good. Perhaps it's because it came from loving hands. Sometimes that stuff matters most of all.One more unique feature about this place is the fact that they deliver for free. You can call your order in, or you can even fax it, and they'll deliver it to you free of charge http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xnewsBhNreOfi36cMFOM6Q?select=gPA2dZcP7pzbZgVHZUXyNQ#HgyIiyt5IQ_9X7qq2f0OxA. I had a few moments to talk with the owner, and she says they're still trying to get out from under the shadow of some unsavory reviews from the old establishment. Hopefully this review will serve to restore some confidence in our fellow Yelpers.
5	Love this place. They have great sandwiches, and great service. They even deliver to you without an additional charge at whatever cost you are spending. They are a family runned business. Definitely a HOT mom and pop shop for the real "lunch bag" feel. Great concept put into realization.
5	Great meatloaf sandwiches!  Cookies baked fresh.  Nice, local owned place with good food.
5	Work upstairs from this place, truly a great place to grab a quick lunch. They are fast and the food is great!
5	I grew up in  small town in MN, so I love places like the Lunch Bag, where you only need to come in a couple of times before they recognize you as a "regular". The same two women, who are a mother and daughter team, are always working so the atmosphere is friendly and familiar. And the food is great! Nothing super fancy, but good, wholesome, tasty and definitely fresh. It's a small establishment, with limited seating, but the menu is robust and offers a great deal of options. Their baked desserts (cookies and brownies--if you can get them, they often sell out towards 2pm) are amazing! So glad this place is close by as I visit at least 2-3 times a month. Thumbs up in my book.
5	Excellent Sandwiches!! I went there today for lunch, the owner was very pleasant and helpful. She recommended I try the Ham and Cheddar Sandwich. It was very good! The bread was fresh and the homemade honey mustard sauce was excellent.  I told the staff that it reminded me of the sandwiches grandma used to make only better! ;) I'll definitely be coming back
5	I really like this place. For lunch it's quick, easy and tasty! I went here a few weeks ago with a co-worker and got a lunch to go. I had the veggie freak with a cup of white bean soup. OMG. It just tastes wholesome! Not heavy, not buttery, not gross. The lobby is clean, kinda small but still has the mom and pop feel to it. The menus are written in chalk on the wall and are colorful and friendly. I don't know if I'd go here to sit and eat inside due to the limited space (4 or so small tables) but it was terrific for lunch to go. The sandwich had an Italian dressing on it which was very refreshing and fresh tasting. And the lady who brought out our orders even told me to be careful with the soup in the car. Aww, I don't get that a paradise bakery or subway when I'm getting their soups.  I hope this place stays right where it is since I have a feeling my co-worker and I will be back for more!
5	The lovely ladies that work here obviously know what they're doing. Great service and quality even during the lunch hour. Prices are great. Can't wait to go back and try more items.
4	It's hard to find good food at a decent price in this part of town, but Lunch Bag pulls it off. The food is fresh, delicious, and well portioned. My only complaint is the small indoor seating area which measures about 8 x 12.
5	Everything I've eaten here (which is a lot) I have loved. Despite being so busy during the lunch hour the staff is still so nice, positive, quick, and produces quality food. Try the cookies or the brownies! They are delicious!
5	YUMMY!!!  Today I got the chili and a 1/2 veggie freak. Had it delivered and it was right on time. Key is to make sure you ask what their time frame is in case they already have a lot of orders in. So delicious! Monday is starting to look better than Grumpy cat!
4	Oatmeal Almond Cookie. The last one of the day. This is the cookie I want them to serve after my funeral (because if they serve it before or during, no one will pay attention to me). This is the cookie that I want my husband to learn how to make so he can buy his way out of the dog house every once in awhile. I've driven past this location a hundred times on my way to get Thai food...wondering, "is it good?" (we'll come to that in a second). I was content to not find out...until I was looking around the internet for my next lunch (this is how I pass the time anymore instead of daydreaming about winning the lottery). After reading a couple of reviews on Yelp, I decided to give it a try. Did I mention they had free delivery to my job as well (always a bonus). I had the hot ham & cheddar on toasted sourdough. The sandwich had a teensy smidge of lettuce water in the paper wrapper (I love it when I can tell that a place actually washes their veggies!!!), and although I ordered cheetos, I received plain chips (not a biggie, I like plain chips too, but I was really hankering for some cheetos).But what made EVERYTHING right with my world again was that dang oatmeal almond cookie. Thick, soft, and oatty, it was pure perfection. Welcome to the fold, Lunch Bag, you are now a part of the lunch rotation. YAY!
5	Our office orders from Lunch bag once or twice a week at least.  We love all the homemade soups, cookies, and amazing sandwiches.  Vegie Freak and Meatloaf are among our favorites!  Hot ham and cheese too.  MCS Biotech loves The Lunch Bag!
5	The sandwich I ordered was too hot, but that was my fault. The green chiles and the pepperjack cheese and the spicy mayo made my turkey sandwich into a Mexican fiesta. The sourdough was thick cut and the turkey was top quality, so if I can just order the cranberry concoction next time then everything will work out great. They include a bag of chips with food, so not inclined to try the salads, but next time will pull the trigger on a cookie.
4	I stopped by due to picking a lunch place at random. It was a small trek for me to get to, but was worth it. For $6, I got a hefty half-sandwich and cup of fruit. I find that to be a good deal! The turkey sandwich I got had plenty of meat on it, and the bread wasn't so thick as to be a meal unto itself. And the cup of fruit was a big cup (I'd guess a 12oz drink cup) filled with fruit. I recommend this place! Eating there is a bit cramped inside, and a couple tables were outside, but picking up to go works just fine as the food was tasty and plentiful.
4	Super nice ladies who work here.  I enjoyed my turkey Reuben and will be back again when I'm in the area.
5	Not a huge menu, but it's definitely filled with some great options! We had: - Chicken salad sandwich (quite good, would recommend). - New Yorker - also good, but perhaps better to eat that in than take out - the bread can get a little soaked if it sits.We often visit Vermont Sandwich company across the street - also good. Relative to this, The Lunch Bag seems to have slightly smaller portions, but also less expensive than Vermont. The chicken salad is pretty comparable, but I might edge out TLB over Vermont for that one.... :)Wished they had the almond cookie the other reviewer raved about, but guessing it was lighter options today since it's the day before Thanksgiving and I assume they'll be closed for the next 4 days.Originally wanted the hot ham & cheese, but they were out of ham :( - again, guessing it was just due to the upcoming holiday/being closed. As a make-good, she did give me a free brownie!Super friendly service nudges this to 5 stars.
2	Not a fan of my sandwich being tossed into the microwave twice. I think they heated up the turkey in the microwave and then they decided to melt the cheese in the micro as well. This was the turkey rueben and it was a pretty lame move on these guys part, especially when I see a flattop grill right below the microwave. Bread would have been crispier and the sandwich as a whole would have been great, but even these two local women decide to take shortcuts and the results are a soggy sandwich made by lazy cooks/owners. They still use quality turkey, but the rest is a joke.
5	Big ol' sandwiches just like mom makes 'em. I keep saying I need to try more of the menu, but I haven't been able to pry myself away from the Turkey Green Chili. Guess I'll just have to swing by more often.
5	For years I rolled my eyes when people talked about "amazing" sandwich shops.  "Seriously," I thought, "How can something as simple as a sandwich be amazing?"  It wasn't until I walked into The Lunch Bag and had my first bite of their (amazing) sandwiches that I really understood. Unfortunately, I no longer work near Scottsdale, nor do I live anywhere remotely close.  I've had to say my goodbyes, but I promise The Lunch Bag, my sweet, I will be back. (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral)+ Good ole taste of Mom's cooking... 'cept it's not from her.  I truly reconsidered how great my mother's sandwich making skills are after eating the Turkey Green Chili.  Sorry Mom.  Soups made from scratch, fresh meats and breads, AND COOKIES.+ Excellent service.  The ladies who work in the kitchen are always happy and cheerful.+ Pick up orders / delivery.  I personally always took a break from work to stop in, but you can call ahead and pick up, or have them deliver!-/+ Small dining area.  This is mostly made to cater to the HUGE amount of local business there, so I'm not surprised they only have a handful of table and chairs.  Still a nice place to stop for lunch if you need a break. :)+ You'd think with all this awesomeness there HAS to be a catch with the cost.  Nope.  It's all affordable delicious goodness.  Definitely competitive prices and I'd pick this place every time.
5	I love this place!!!! I wish I worked closer to them, I love all the sandwiches here. I truly cannot pick a favorite. But I've tried the turkey green chile, the egg salad, the chicken salad, tuna tulip & the meatloaf.... Oh the meatloaf!!!! Literally everything tastes of homemade perfection! The gals are always so friendly, they remember the orders literally every time someone calls. The phone is constantly ringing, because the food is ADDICTING. When I do have the chance to stop on by, I definitely make the stop.Man, I want some meatloaf now.. *sigh*
4	This is a great place for lunch.I ordered the Turkey Green Chili sandwich and it came with my choice of chips for $6.99.We got there just before the lunch rush around 11:40. They told us to find a seat and they would bring our order to us. We sat at one of the few tables outside.Lots of people started coming and picking up to go orders. We saw their delivery car pack up big orders as well. This place is busy!It took a bit longer than expected to get our food, but when we did it was served with a smile and looked wonderful!This sandwich is a star, there was tons of meat with the perfect amount of spicy toppings and the bread was toasted just right.I might call ahead next time to avoid the wait...This has become my favorite quick lunch sandwich in the area...go try it!
5	We order from the Lunch Bag a couple times a week as our office is close by.  The sandwiches are ALL fantastic, the delivery time is short, and the value is there for sure!Try the Ruben!!! great sandwich.... and the Tuna Salad is really good too.....also the homemade soups (I assume they are homemade) are fantastic!
4	One of the best Ruebens I've had!  Their food is really high quality and delicious!  Free delivery to nearby offices too.  The portions are huge - it was so good I wanted to keep eating but I was stuffed.  I can't wait to try another sandwhich!
5	Nice little hole in the wall, family owned and oriented. I walked in at about closing time and the place was packed to the gills! But mostly because it was friday and there was family visiting the family that owned the place. It didn't feel uncomfortable at all, they cleared a spot for me to sit inside and everyone was very nice. I ordered a double club sandwich. Sandwich was delicious, yes it's a sandwich.... But you'd be surprised how many places cannot make a decent sandwich these days. I will come back to this little gem, and i do believe they deliver, go and try this special place out and taste for yourself. I recommend.
5	The Lunch Bag is awesome and the people are great!  I promise you won't be disappointed, you will love their sandwiches!  They are the best of the best!Thank you!
2	I went here in my lunch break and had a bad experience from the beginning. The lady who took my order has horrible customer service. I walk up and her greeting was "what do you want?" In a monotone voice and blank stare. Took forever to get my food and I could hear all types of side conversations while no one made my food. My sandwich tastes great but service was horrible
2	First impression: not so great. Two ladies working the counter. One was ranting about something to what appeared to be a regular customer. And I do mean ranting... F-bombs were dropped. I'm not above swearing, but I know better than to do it in front of a customer. She couldn't be arsed to stop long enough to take my order (I was the only other customer in there... it's not like there was a line), and didn't ask until my order was nearly complete if I was being taken care of. The lady that did take my order was less than friendly. She warmed up to me as she wrapped up my order, but by then the first impression had already been made.I ordered half a roast beef sandwich with a garden salad. The sandwich itself was good - bless them for using real cheddar and fresh lettuce. It did taste home-made, which is what they promised, but it also means that I could just make the same thing at home if I really wanted to, so it's nothing really special either. I was just thinking that I might give the Lunch Bag another try next time I was in the area when I looked down and saw a dark spot on the bread. I'm not gonna say it was mold... but I've never seen that kind of coloring on a piece of sourdough. I tossed the rest of the sandwich - for better or for worse, I had already finished most of it. The salad, at least, was decently fresh (I wasn't totally sure about the tomatoes) and the poppyseed dressing was absolutely delicious... but I am almost entirely certain I won't be back. I don't often eat out for lunch, but the Lunch Bag is close to my nearest post office, so they *could* have had a regular customer... but they missed their shot.Too bad, 'cause their cookies looked awesome.
