5	Tiny pretty spot on the Promenades St Hubert jam-fricken-packed with local goodness. The beer fridge is glorious: try the 3 Mousquetaires world award-winning port stout if you like dark beers, or ask the friendly (handsome) bilingual gent for suggestions. There is a small section of cheeses, pate, honeys and other local products that change a bit with the seasons. This is a great place to sample and support locally made products, and definitely at the top of my list for gift giving.
4	I'm not a big beer afficionado so I guess I'm missing the main attraction to this cramped little boutique. I find myself coming back for the pretty jars and delicacies. As the name indicates, the shop makes an effort to offer products from Quebec, which is great to calm my conscience after splurging. :)The selection of maple and maple-derived products is great and full of surprises. I'm a big fan of the caramel-themed shelf: caramels, caramels and chocolate spreads, caramel and ginger spread etc..etc..Don't miss out on the delicious dips and jellies on display on the back wall and their tea selection from Camelia Sinensis!
4	Impressive selection of local beers and some delicacies. You'll always find something new to taste here. A weekly stop for me :)
4	Small shop but terrific selection of local beers. Also a few terrines and other delicacy items. Great stop for Montreal souvenirs.
5	A gem in the midst of some pretty odd shops on the plaza St Hubert. A small spot, but with some great beers hard to find anywhere else, cheese, and wine. Highly recommend!
4	beer heaven! its like having your own beerfest at all time, in the comfort of your home, instead of waiting for that time of the year.they carry pretty much every popular local (quebec) microbrewery known out there as well as some obscure ones and they do rotate here and there to change up a bit.other than beer, they have a spices section as well as jams/spreads and cheese and some other stuff. apparently, they have the best blueberry/chocolate tart out there, i can't attest. i haven't tried it. its all local products which is great if you want to support local producers.it can be pricey though so watch that wallet!
