3	Okay sandwiches, and they were fresh but, nothing outstanding. The outstanding point comes May thru Oct. Every Friday and Sat. night right across from the bakery is a live band with a huge green area to set-up chairs. You can bring your own stuff or buy it from many of the surrounding restaurants. I have also seen many families caring out breakfast from here and eating on the tables outside by the fountain.
5	Absolute LOVE this place because of the many options on the menu, great service, neat and clean interior, and last but not least, awesome quality food. It is absolutely a must-try restaurant for any meal! Nutrition facts are also available on their website, and they aren't bad either.
5	Along with everything else I said before, now they have added Gold Peak Tea next to the fountain drinks. There are about 3-4 flavors. I think I tried the Diet White Tea, and it was truly delicious. They also have cards you can grab at the front where you pay, so that after 8 visits, your 9th purchase is on them! If you're a local, it's worth the investment :)
3	Came here for the first time this afternoon for lunch with friends. Customer service at the front was great; food was a tad above average. I ordered the Carolina Signature salad which came with a melange of fruits and Gorgonzola cheese on mixed greens. My friend ordered a soup and salad combo and was surprised that while eating her soup she found a big piece of plastic in it! The plastic looked like it came from packaging that the soup was in. (I subtracted a star for this)Needless to say, a complaint was made and the manager accommodated quite nicely. She apologized, refunded the meal in cash, and gave her two vouchers for free meals. Will probably return but will inspect the food cautiously before returning.
3	Ok, so my rating would be more along the lines of 2.5 stars but I bumped it up to 3 stars because of their cool Gold Peak Tea dispenser.I only went to Cafe Carolina because if you join their email club, they send you a free sandwich coupon for your birthday and who doesn't like a free sandwich?  Staff was friendly and sandwich was ready right after I finished getting my drink, so that's a plus. I got the Carolina Turkey Breast  and it was meh. I would've enjoyed a sandwich made at home more but I had hopes for their cracked wheat sunflower bread. The bread light and airy but would have been better toasted and the turkey quality reminded me of slimy, deli meat. There was a decent amount of people in there for a Saturday with minimal misbehaved children running around and it reminded me of a Panera (I believe CC has free Wi Fi). But it they don't have a lot of comfy seats and I'm a girl that likes to keep my tush happy and it didn't seem as inviting as my beloved Panera. All that being said, after seeing their cupcake and pastry display, I would be willing to check it out again.
2	My panini had burnt oil on both sides of the bread which made it taste bad. They didn't seem to think it was a big deal. Clearly no pride in their work.
1	We just had dinner and had the chicken cranberry salad....... a regular for us and very good. Decided to try a different panini...usually get the chipotle chicken. I wanted to try something new...the chicken mushroom on french. The only problem was they had no MUSHROOMS. This in turn eliminated about all the sandwiches. I decided to try the flat bread tomato basil which is a pizza. This had to be the worst pizza I had ever tasted. Awful tomato paste instead of sauce and no basil. Stick with the salads and I hear the coffee is good too
3	Kitchy Southern/Country Decor? Check. Friendly staff? Check. Do I remember much about what I ordered a few days ago? Nope! - and there in lies the problemo with Cafe Carolina. It's like Panera, with a less tasteful interior and bland food. I tried the Carolina salad that had fruit, nuts and cheeses in it - it was... OK. I don't think I would come back, but if someone wanted to meet me there for breakfast, I would consider - it looked like they had a wide variety of tasty pastries!
3	I really wanted to like this place but Rachel hit the nail on the head - the food is bland and unmemorable. It was not bad, but it is also not the first place that comes to mind when I am looking for a place to grab a light lunch or dinner.  On one vist, I had a salad and another visit I got a sandwich. It would be nice if they would up their game and offer something a little more exciting.
1	My husband and I had breakfast at this cafe today- it was terrible. We paid $17 for two microwaveable breakfasts! Nothing was fresh, the quality was very poor. We will not be returning, so upset we couldn't eat more than a few bits.
4	Awesome sandwiches, better than Mcalister's. My kids loved the kid meal and bakery items of course. :)
1	Ok - who burns a customer's meal and still serves it????  Went on Sunday for brunch and totally disappointed.  Service, if you can even call it that, amounted to taking your order and calling your name.  So, the only thing you are selling here is your food.  Placed an order for two, but when they called our name, only one meal was available.  Ten minutes later the other meal was announced as "ready" - both meals placed at same time - how about they come out at same time - what an interesting concept!!  But second meal - egg, bacon, cheese quesadilla was very brown on the bottom - that actually covered up the totally burned underside - burnt taste permeated the entire dish.  I took it back up the register and was offered a refund or new dish, both of which I declined.  Did not feel like waiting another 15 minutes while hubby was now done.  I only took it back up to register to let them know that serving a dish that was obviously burned was unacceptable which met with a blank stare.  Me thinks this was not the first or last returned dish that day.  Cook obviously likes every thing well done - Will not come back here unless I have a charcoal craving!
4	They do one hell of a Turkey Avocado panini.  The whole trip is worth it just for this sandwich, but the goodness doesn't stop there.  They many other options on the menu but I just can't convince myself to branch out.  Some people just come in to check out the see the dessert presentations for future orders.  It is truly immaculate. They have a similar setup to a Panera Bread but CCB has that home feeling that is a nice touch.  Also, a punch card that offers you a free sandwich after 7 sandwiches is rather decent because they have double punch Mondays.  That's pretty sweet.  Trust me on the Turkey Avocado..  Enjoy!!-Ian M.
2	I breezed through here tonight after seeing "Bakery" on their sign and thinking a sweet treat would be a nice end to the day (I just moved near this shopping center and am still exploring what is available).  I checked the hours sign before entering, although there were a few people seated at tables, and saw it was 30 minutes until closing time.. realizing that they aren't going to make cupcakes while I wait, I thought I could run in and check it out.  The shitty look I got from the young lady mopping the front of the house made me think I should have just gone to Starbucks next door for a slice of lemon pound cake. Well.... Meh pretty much describes it.  At 6:30 pm the bakery items consisted of 2 6-packs of cupcakes, 2 muffins, 2 lemon bars, some cookies and a few Inside Out Peanut Butter Cups.  There was a young lady mopping the entire front of the store, including the ordering/cashier area (there were wet floor signs posted, but shouldn't closing clean-up be done after closing?), a gentleman that appeared to be cleaning up the ktichen-ish area behind the counter and a very nice young lady working the cash register/bakery area.  I told her this was my first time visiting and asked what was good.  She said the lemon bars and the Inside Out Peanut Butter Cups.  I took two of the lemon bars and one of the IOPBC's (which is a peanut butter cookie-ish concoction in the shape of a muffin, with a chocolate frosting in the middle) for a grand total of just under $8.  And .... meh.  Both were fine, neither knocked my socks off.  The boxed mix of lemon bars that you whip up from the grocery store are more lemony.  The crust was okay - not too crumbly or hard.  Not bad.  *shrug*.   The IOPBC was interesting, but again nothing stellar.  The peanut butter cookie/muffin part was a tad dry, but I did visit at the end of the day, so not exactly the peak of their freshness.  I did look at the food menu while the young lady was boxing up the sweets and it looked pretty good.  I will probably go back and check out lunch, but for dessert I will head next door to Starbucks for some kind of calorie-laden coffee product, I wasn't wow'ed by the bakery portion at all.
