5	Vrais vrais poutine!
4	You know what to expect when you walk into a La Belle Province and this one does it justice. I usually stop in here for my "usual" - 2 steamies, no onions, and have always enjoyed quick service, in either English or French. I recently dropped in for a mid-morning meeting and ordered breakfast. Eggs cooked right, quick, friendly service, and good taste. They're not reinventing the wheel, but everything is as advertised. Can't really ask for more than that from fast food, eh?
3	Bad joke time, yay! I've been waiting to get this one off my chest since I thought of it while sitting in the restaurant:What does the interior and ambiance of this La Belle Province have in common with the captain in a submarine movie?They both scream, "Dive! Dive! Dive!"AHHH it's horrible but I love it!  Sorry.  Truly though, while I don't mind trying a place that looks a little questionable, I have to say that when I walked in here and saw the rather grimy look and the menu board straight out of the 70's with horrible-looking pictures of hot dogs on it, I almost turned around. This was not the meal I was craving.But I needed to eat something, and I didn't have a backup plan after my first choice restaurant had closed for the day, so I sat down.  The waitress was friendly and the food (a smoked meat club with fries) came out reasonably quickly.  It was far from a memorable meal, but it did the trick. With a number of four-star ratings under its belt here on Yelp, I imagine this is not the dish they're known for.
3	"I prefer the trashy poutine from La Belle Province" was the exact recommendation a friend of mine gave on where to find good poutine in Quebec.  And sure enough, La Belle Province (or BellPro, for those in the know) did not disappoint.  This greasy spoon chain may not have much visual appeal, but it serves up a mean poutine that's greasy, delicious, and strangely authentic.You won't hear much English at this particular location, but we stopped in after not finding any poutine to be had at the Atwater Market.  Although the service was slow and we were lost in translation, our poutine came out hot and delicious.  I had mine plan, he had his with pulled pork.  Both versions were scrumptious, with the pork version edging mine over slightly.  It was also cheap; our meal was about $15 with tip included.So yes, you may find yourself asking many questions regarding the last time BellPro got a health inspection or what exactly is in that thing you just ordered but the poutine here is good and that's all you need to worry about.  I'm not nearly as adventurous to try the other menu items.  I'll leave that to the locals.
4	One of the best places to crumb for poutine, hamburger and other fast food. Great service with timely manner, great casual food, what more can it go wrong.
2	Not sure what on earth the other reviews were talking about. I'm a fan of a well done dive--I'll cross town for a Waffle House in the south but this was just bland and forgettable hastily thrown together food your roommate in college would make. I had a sandwich, wife had fish and chips (soft, tasteless fries) and we split a coke. With tip and tax came in at almost $30 which means it doesn't even qualify as cheap. Skip it and go to McDonalds -- or better yet any of the much better places along the street.Point of order: the service was prompt and friendly so there's that.
