1	5401 E. Van Buren St. #1016, Phoenix, AZBrewer-Caldwell Property ManagementHonestly, I'm shocked that you would allow people to view the apartments/ condos at Red Rox before having them cleaned. They were filthy and it was pretty hard to look beyond that. I looked at all three you had listed. #2059 immediately made me want to throw up when I walked in the front door due to the disgusting toilet. #1016 reeked of cigarette smoke and the carpet was filthy. The only way I would ever rent this unit would be if the carpet and appliances were replaced. I also would rather have my own washer and dryer in the unit. I could have been a long time tenant had the apartment been presented in move in condition.  The only good thing about the complex was the landscaping.Rose Bigley
5	The whole point about getting an apartment is loving where you live. I love where I live! The location first off, is incredible! Only one mile from a Metro light rail station, the gate is right off a Valley Metro bus line: route 3 Van Buren. The Phoenix Zoo is literally two blocks from here, and you have Tempe Town Lake and everything awesome on Mill Ave in downtown Tempe about two miles away. Even downtown Phoenix and Chase Field is only about ten minutes away, or 5 stops on the Metro rail!The inside is rally nice, everything is spacious and very reasonably priced for what you get. Some of the units have slightly older stuff, but they seem to update that pretty quickly as people vacate and new people move in. Even the people we deal with for the property management are fantastic. There is a large fountain/pond area that the main pool and workout room overlook and there is even a vollyball court right near the pond. And yes there is a second pool. If you're looking for a new place to live, you really might want to give this a try. Right off the 202 Loop with easy access and quiet nights as everything nearby is mostly madeup of offices. I know I'm not moving from here for a very long time!
4	I recently moved here and am renting through a private owner. Tip: Renting through a private owner is a lot cheaper than going with the actual Red Rox office. However, owners vary and some don't take care of tenants as well as others. Fortunately, the owner of my unit is really attentive! Coming from the San Francisco bay area, I have to say that these units are amazing - especially for the price!A few things about the area: it's not the kind of place where you can walk down the street and visit a local coffee shop or diner. You pretty much have to drive to get around. However, it is centrally located, so everything you could need or want is a short drive away. The unit I have has poor water pressure - especially in the shower. The mailboxes are at the entrance, so depending on where you live, you need to take a short walk to check the mail. Those are pretty much it for the cons. Now for the good stuff...The 1-bedroom unit I'm in is really spacious. The kitchen has a pantry and is adjacent to the laundry room. Yes, a washer/dryer in the unit is a total plus (and it has shelf space above the w/d to store soap and such)! The bathroom is huge and has a small linen closet inside, along with ample cabinet space. The dining area (which I converted into a home office) has built-in shelves. I'm in love with my new walk-in closet. Also, each room has a ton of outlets! If that weren't enough, there's even a storage space outside in the patio area. My unit came with one covered parking space and there's a lot extra spaces for guests to visit (not covered, though).The complex has two pools, a place to rent in case you want to throw a nicely-sized party, and a small gym. They have an on-site office that has limited hours.The best part of this place is that it's super quiet! I can't really hear my neighbors and the area is clean and well-maintained. In all, I'm really happy with my new humble abode:)
1	First off, I want to start off with how great the property looked and pricing was great. I fell in love through online searching and really wanted to view the property. I called multiple times (6 to be exact), left many messages and NO ONE calls back. ALSO, went on the website to reserve an appointment and waited there for an hour and NO ONE SHOWED UP. The automated replying message through the email stated that the appointment was made. Very disappointing and disgusting customer service. Since no one works in the leasing office it is locked at all times unless someone is there, which is never if you ask me. Also talked to a few of the residents and said that no one is ever there. Till this day, no phone call, messages or emails back.
