4	Was my first time in since it opened, went last night w/ a large group (15+). The food is good, especially for just being opened- they have the recipe/technique down! The managers were there helping check on patrons and fetch refills (it's self serve).I had the Dan Dan noodles w/ chicken. It was very spicy - for reference- PF Changs Dan Dan noodles would score a 6.5/10 on spiciness, this place would be an 8/10. I think it's the hottest item on the menu, but I'm sure you could ask for any of their other spicy dishes to have the heat turned up.  There are two sizes for your dish - regular and large?There are 4 kinds of noodles you can choose from if you wish to substitute - Chowmein, Shanghai, Udon, Ribbon.They seem to be very dietary conscious - offering a menu with substitution recommendations for wheat/gluten allergy (use rice ribbon noodle),  vegetarian, and possibly vegan? I know there was also someone in our group w/ a peanut allergy; they have a separate wok for cooking up nut free (cashew, peanut, etc) items, and another wok for gluten free items.Tables have sriracha hot sauce (aka rooster sauce), and soy. There are chopsticks, regular utensils, etc placed in a few locations. Soda fountain has Pepsi products, and there is some iced tea flavors as well. The menu also listed Vietnamese Iced Coffee.It's located on the South side of SanTan Village -  same side as Barnes & Noble, Chipotle, and Kona Grill. Close to home for me so I'll definitely frequent it for lunch or dinner.Note - this isn't an authentic Asian owned and operated Thai, Chinese, Vietnamese, or Asian place liked you'd experience in country; its a chain (large in Canada?) so don't expect it to taste like a Bahn Mi made on a cart on the streets of Saigon or Pad Thai made at a restaurant in Bangkok.
2	I ordered the Sweet Mongolian noodle box, Dan Dan noodle box, and one order of gyoza to go.  I received the Dan Dan noodle box and 2 orders of gyoza, and sadly, did not discover the mistake until I was already home.  If it were not the holiday season, I would've gone back to get my order corrected, but the mall is a mad house at this time of year, so I ended up just having gyoza for dinner that night.I should've read the description more carefully because it says "5 crispy chicken gyoza pieces" and had I noticed the "crispy" part, I would not have ordered it because I prefer steamed gyoza.  However, I will say that the citrus soy sauce was tasty.  The Dan Dan noodle box was for my husband.  It is described as "extra spicy" which is why he chose it.  He said that while it was spicy, it was just that - spicy for the sake of being spicy, but not adding anything to the overall flavor.Even with our less than stellar experience, I would like to give the place another shot.  There are several items on their menu that are of interest; I just hope I get what I order next time!
4	I really liked it. The food was good, the place was clean and the service was nice. I'll definitely come back.
1	My review is much like Tracy T's. This is the first and last time I will eat at Wok Box. Luckily for me, I used a Groupon for my order which saved me about 40%. Even with another 40% off I would not eat there again. I ordered the buttered curry chicken with white rice and naan. My wife got the Mongolian shrimp with noodles. Upon opening my box, I noticed it was only half full. It had grilled chicken on top and some sauce covering the chicken. I was very unimpressed with the portion size for a $10 meal at a take out joint. The sauce was only okay but there was not enough of it to go around. The chicken was good but not anything more. The naan tasted like a spongy piece of blah. My wife's meal had a TON of noodles and very little shrimp. The shrimp were quite tiny and very rubbery.   Since we got our meals for take out, I decided to call and speak to a manager to inquire about our concerns. The manager tried to tell me that they fill the boxes and the food settles about 1/3 of the way down the box. That's a lot of air in the food!  The manager did not seem to care much about our concerns. No sorry, or please give us another try. She only said she would pass the word along????  I'm not sure what that means, but okay!  If I could give 1/2 star I would!
1	First time visiting Wok Box tonight with my husband and We were initially excited to try out this new restaurant rather than going to our usual chipotle. I visited their website and was pleased they had some gluten free items since I was recently diagnosed with a wheat allergy.  When we first arrived at the counter they were very friendly and polite girl at the register helped us understand the menu and she pointed out some wheat free options for me. When my husband and I finally ordered, I got the large pad tai and he a large beef dish. Since I've only been gluten free for two weeks, I guess I was not specific enough with my order and about three minutes after I ordered I realized I should check with those cooking behind the counter to ensure my meal was being prepped gluten free. When I asked the woman behind the counter  ( lady with long black straight hair in ponytail working around 6pm) she quickly snapped at me and asked if I had specifically ordered my meal gluten free and then said that they had already made my meal so they would have to make another one for me.  Her tone and reaction caught me by surprise and I said that I thought I did order my meal gluten free, but not wanting to get the sweet cashier girl in trouble for keying my order incorrectly, I didn't make a big deal out of it. When my meal was finally ready, she handed it to me and rudely stated, "next time make sure to ordered it gluten free, we had already made your meal and we had to make another one!" Again shocked by her tone, I just stood there, my husband actually came over to defend me but by then I was just done. Horrible, highly rude service. Also, when she remade my meal she gave me the small lunch portion when I paid for the large. She was so rude I'm almost certain she did that on purpose because she was angry about remaking my meal.On a side note, food was bland.  Going forward, we'll still with Chipotle.
3	Food is good but make sure to ask for easy sauce. All their dishes come with globs of sauce that is at the bottom of the bowl. There is no other rice bowl places is this area besides YC's. Gave 3 star because like YC's better and food comes with too much sauce. Will return but won't venture far into their menu besides ordering the teriyaki chicken bowl.
2	Came here a few nights ago and wish I would have read the other yelp reviews before deciding to eat here.  We were going to hit Kona Grill for happy hour, but the bar was packed and so we decided to eat here since we never been here before.  The menu was set up similar to a Pei Wei style menu (different flavor combinations served with beef, chicken, shrimp, tofu, or double vegetables).  Each of them are served with noodles or the noodles can be substituted for white or brown rice.I went with the allegedly "very spicy" dan dan noodles with marinated steak, and my wife got the sweet Mongolian chicken.  We both upgraded to a "combo" meaning we got a drink and two spring rolls for $2.49 extra.  I also got breaded chicken tenders for my boys.   The dan dan noodles were very bland and only slightly spiced with sambal chili sauce which did little to add any flavor other than spice to the dish.  I found myself reaching for anything on the table to add flavor (sriracha, soy sauce, and lime juice) which helped but still was missing something.  The marinated steak had some flavor to it, but many pieces were cut with the grain which made them extra tough to chew.  My wife's Mongolian chicken was just as bland, the only difference between the two dishes was slightly spicy vs. slightly sweet.  The spring rolls were clearly frozen and not made in house as the little vegetables were soggy.  The best thing I ate were my sons' chicken tenders, crunchy and tender.  Wish I would have gotten a bowl of those instead.Service was nice and helpful which saved it from being a 1 star.Expected more from a chain restaurant .  With all the other great restaurants in the San Tan Mall, we would visit again anytime soon.
1	The food was okay, but the wait was ridiculous and the staff was a mixture of indifferent and confused. One employee was eating and drinking right over the prep area, another employee never cleaned a single table except to grab an unopened juice box off of a dirty table to stick back in the fridge for purchase. I would say the crew is untrained and either don't care about health and safety regulations and/or don't care. The owners need to get a manager and staff in there that know what they are doing and do it right.
2	I was excited to have a new casual Asian restaurant open around me so I gave this place a try. I wasn't expecting complete authenticity, but the food did not seem authentic at all. I ordered the Indian Butter Chicken (small size, ten dollars with spring rolls and drink) and it was weirdly sweet, the sauce was like nothing I had tried before, and not in a good way. I also ordered the spring rolls and they had a nice crunch to them but the insides were very mushy. The employees were very polite and nice, but I watched my food be given to another customer, and then taken back. I didn't say anything about it but I do think they prepared me a new dish, so I'm not going to complain about the wait (not even that long, ten minutes maybe). I definitely won't be going back anytime soon, unless I hear about improvements.
1	Surprisingly bland food, extremely long wait for small line of customers, and poor customer service clearly led by poor management.  Basically what everyone else said.
2	Really wanted to like it. Tried it twice. Not good. Don't bother. Great location is the only good I can say.
4	Flavors are good here, almost authentic.  I do recommend trying it for yourself though. This is definitely not Panda, so if you're looking for huge portions on the cheap, try somewhere else... (and maybe reevaluate your diet choices...) I've tried the chicken lemongrass, and the butter chicken, and enjoyed them both.  The servings were more than filling.  The chicken lemongrass had just the right amount of spiciness for me. I'll update if anything changes,  but so far this place is a win.
2	Had a groupon and we ordered 4 items. I will never go to this place again. Ordered the sweet Mongolian. Pad Thai,lemongrass chicken and the Mongolian beef and broccoli. The only dish that had any flavor was the sweet Mongolian. Everything else was just bland and I had to put some siriacha Thai sauce to give it some kick and flavor. Thank god I had the groupon because at 9 bucks a large order it isn't worth it.  J&k Chinese up the street is so much better and has so much flavor. Hope they can figure it out because it's such a great location that I'm sure could be successful. Service was great and order was correct and plentiful just lacking taste.
5	Great butter chicken! Great location and very clean. Plus the suns game was on. Love this place
1	1 stars too generous. The food was really awful the service was awful and my husband had a sticky note in his dish it was sitting on the side of the Bulls with the note still clearly written on it. I have one more Groupon and I'm probably going to give it away, yes it was that bad. The prices are also too high for such a low quality items
1	The portions are tiny and the food is terrible. I would give it zero stars if I could. They take forever to make it as well. Far and away the worst Chinese food I've. Ever eaten. Had I not gotten it to-go, I would have immediately asked for my money back.
1	Sweet and sour chicken was horrible. We will never come back here again. Not authentic Asian food at all. Very disappointed. Not worth my $$ at all!!
1	The only thing good about this place is the fortune cookies and the free entrees you win when opening. First time visiter: Started out by walking in on a Saturday night and the place was dead. That was a bad sign. Placed our "take out" order (large teriyaki chicken, small honey chicken, and a kids meal) $23 total! We were really excited about eating some fresher food than the nearby Panda Express. Took a long time to get our food and when we got it we were missing our spring rolls. The manager gave us a $7 off our next visit. Got home, and the small entree was THE SAME SIZE AS THE KIDS MEAL. There was NO flavor in the dishes. My 10 year old daughter couldn't even eat her meal cause she was so disgusted. It tasted like those frozen Chinese dinners that you buy at the grocery store. Kids meal had probably like 5 pieces and the small entree had the same amount. They were like chicken fingers from the freezer. I was so disappointed and will ONLY go back one other time cause of the $7 coupon, and the free entree fortune that came in my cookie. This place will be gone in a few months.
2	I was excited to try the food here, but it honestly was a big disappointment.  The vegetables did not taste fresh and the meal we ordered for my daughter was terrible. We had to go to get something else for her to eat - Yes, it was that bad.  My husband got lucky, his meal wasn't too bad.  I won't be going back.
1	We tried this restaurant on a busy Saturday for lunch.  It should have been a clue to us that all the surrounding restaurants were packed, but Wok Box had no wait at all.  Our three dishes came out indistinguishable from one another.  It took us a few bites and switching plates to figure out whose was whose.  The flavor on all three were bland.  My sister ended up with paper packet pieces in hers.  The staff apologized and acknowledged it was a wrapper that ended up in her dish.  They gave us the money back for hers.  Overall the staff was friendly, but the food was not good at all.
1	Awful, over priced, fast food.  Not enough sauce, veggies, or meat in the noodles.  This place is not going to last long in the area.  Too expensive for what you get.  Skip it.
2	Not very good. 25 min wait for what should be somewhat fast food. The flavors were not very good on any of the 4 items we had. I'd suggest they reevaluate the menu and then figure out how to be more efficient. People will forgive slow service for good food, but this place is a bust on all fronts.
1	Meh. I should have known better.While walking around Santan Mall area I looked for a place to eat, and being in the mood for Chinese I thought i'd give this place a try. I ordered my food (the cashier was on HER phone and told me to wait for her to finish the call---it's okay, i'll wait). I sat down and waited for my food to come, it took a while, but it came. I picked it up, and asked the guy behind the counter for a fortune cookie for the end of my meal and he pulled one out of his pocket to give me...Weird. Nonetheless, I sat down and began my meal. It was awful, the chicken the bland, the chow mein was raw, and to top it all off-- I found a hair in it. Blekh. I got up and was about to say something till I noticed one of the chefs who kept wiping his brow, basically over the food. It was gross, and I knew it wasn't worth trying to talk my meal over with. Hey at least the bathroom was clean.
1	I should have read the other reviews before I ate here! This placed isn't gonna last too long. I had the Butter Chicken Naan-Wich and the chicken was weirdly hard like it's been sitting for awhile. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. Sorry! Fortune cookies are good though!
1	The food is horrible. I even went twice in hopes that maybe I just had bad luck the first time. The second time was just as bad as the first. I had the Pad Thai, Pho & Kids jungle noodles. The atmosphere was nice though & it was quick, so there's that.
5	Delicious, fresh, & helpful staff. They offer small or large dishes so get as much or as little you want. We had the Dan Dan with shrimp & Butter Chicken. Omg! Amazing! Staff was so nice. Answered all our questions & made great suggestions. Definitely will be back!
5	I came for lunch after shopping at the mall. I was looking for an Asian style restaurant and this is the only one I can found around the mall area. The menu looks just like cliche but the real dishes they have are fairly decent. I had a combo of pad Thai with spring rolls. The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai. Spring rolls are delicious but small. My daughter had the noodle jungle kid meal. She was enjoying playing with the long thick udon noodles. The good part more than I expect was that I used to drink hot and I asked if they can change the soda in the combo for  anything hot. They used a tea bag and coke cup to make a cup of hot tea for me and they offer me a jar of warm water to let me fill up my cup as much as I want to. It may turn out to be more expensive than Panda and Pei Wei but I definitely prefer it.
1	I ordered the Saigon Cashew Chicken noodle bowl togo. I ordered at 7:27 and did not receive my order until 7:52. That is way too long to wait for this sort of cuisine.  I ordered and paid for a regular order and took home a small. I added on the two sping rolls and a drink, after $12+ spent I'm still hungry! What a waste. The dish tasted good but for the wait time and order inaccuracy I would not be back.
4	food is healthy, good appetizers
3	I had a decent experience at the Wok Box yesterday. I told the gentleman taking my order that it was my first time there and asked him if he had any suggestions, I  told him I love anything spicy. He quickly just pointed to the Dan Dan noodle bowl which said it was very spicy on the menu, not much help there. While I did see that it said very spicy on the menu, I would have appreciated his opinion if anything else might have had better flavor but clearly he didn't have much of one. Anyhow, I decided to order the Dan Dan noodle bowl with chicken. I ordered a small noodle bowl combo with two small spring rolls and a drink. He informed me that he would call my number when the order was ready. I went to find a seat. He forgot to get me a drink and by the time I had realized this, there were 4 other people in line and he was very busy. They looked understaffed and he looked overwhelmed. When my noodle bowl came out I let him know I was missing a drink. He did get me a cup right away. The drink machine is awkwardly placed behind the order counter by the bathrooms and is not easily accessible when a lot of people are in line, bad design.The bowl itself was good. I thought the Dan Dan noodles tasted great and had good flavor. Definitely spicy and garlicy. The small spring rolls were just okay and tasted kind of weird oily aftertaste and the sweet and sour sauce was way too sweet. The chicken in the noodle bowl was also just okay and I would have honestly just preferred more noodles because the chicken wasn't the best. Overall it was an okay experience. I wouldn't rule out eating here again completely because they do have some other flavors on the menu that look good but I would have to write and update because based on the other reviews, consistency with quality seems to be a problem here.
1	They totally burned and fried my pad thai didn't look anything like pad thai. For a dollar is all never go back there again sorry this is a horrible review I hope your experience is better.
4	We had a great experience, food was really tasty different than Pei Wei. I will be back to try other things of the menu
4	1st time. Had chicken teriyaki and husband had Mongolian beef. Food was fresh and good. Defiantly will be back.
4	I'm not really sure why this place is getting bad reviews. I've had the honey chicken here twice now and both times it was good and tasty. It is quick Chinese food and nicer than a Chinese takeout. I definitely think it blows Panda out of the water as far as taste and quality. The chicken was white meat and not fatty. Overall I like it and would come back.
1	Yuck. I got the thai red chili bowl - horrible. Gummy rice, over salted and nothing thai about it. Additionally the crap Lipton iced tea was just awful. Husband got the Singapore cashew chicke which seemed marginally better - but I think the sauce was just pure hoisin sauce. Just don't eat here.
4	I've been to this location twice in the last few months with last night being the 2nd time.  Each time I have been pleased that the establishment was clean, quiet, and not too crowded.  Last night I ordered the mongollian beef and broccoli. The beef was super tasty with a great smokey flavor and the broccoli was crisp! Only complaint, way too much sauce.  Had ordered brown rice and by the time I got down to the rice it looked like soup with rice in it.  It did take a bit longer to get the order once it was ordered and the guy calling  out the numbers had to have been whispering because I couldn't hear a thing he said lol.  All that said however, I will definitely be back and next time I'm going for the Dan Dan :)
1	Last night my boyfriend and my roommate went with me to this location. My dad used to own a Japanese restaurant, so I know what's good and what needs improvement. Well, there's a few things wrong with this place.The staff looked as though they were pissed off. No "hello" or "welcome" and no smiles from any of the girls working there. The cashier didn't say a word until we started to order.Being that it was my roommates first time there, she didn't understand that you got to choose your own meat for whatever dish you'd like. What she said to the cashier was "I'd like the teriyaki" the cashier asked "what kind" three times until she finally told her she's supposed to choose her meat. What kind of idiot doesn't say that in the first place? Not to mention her being extremely unfriendly about it.With my father owning a Japanese restaurant, I know exactly what teriyaki sauce is supposed to taste like. All three of us ordered some and it was completely flavorless! We had to pour soy sauce all over it to taste anything and even then it didn't help. I also had a side of plum sauce that helped a little bit, but why put plum sauce on the side when there's no sauce to begin with?The spring rolls are too small, they taste decent, but nothing special. The price was $25 for flavorless food and bad attitudes? I'd rather go to Panda Express and spend the same about for some flavor and happy workers, even if the food is worse for me.Anyways, the first time going there was quite enjoyable compared to this last time, but I will NOT be going back.
2	Portions were very small. The food I got (butter chicken) wasn't bad, but a little too salty. But $7 for the tiniest portion ever. A restaurant can make up for price by adding value (friendly service, great ambience), but Wok Box fails on those fronts as well. Next time I'm at that mall and hungry, I'll walk next door to Chipotle and get a better value for my $7.
2	So so, Tokyo Joes is much better. Beef n broccoli bowl was about half full compared to my Singapore Cashew, which was a full bowl, we both got regular size. Peanut sauce was lacking peanut flavor, for a bit I thought I had teriyaki, though it was really good. Beef was a bit tough. Might go back again to try something else.
1	I've tried really hard to like this place, but they mess my order up two out of three times and then act like jerks when I ask them to fix it. I'm never rude, mistakes happen, but geez get it right!!!
3	Meh... It's okay. This was my first time going and I got a noodle bowl - I don't remember what they called it but the sauce was sriracha peanut. This is what they recommended to me, and it actually sounded pretty good so I was excited. I wouldn't call it horrible, but the flavor really just isn't all that great. It's hard to put my finger on it... I guess it has sort of a mildly spicy, almost charcoal bbq smokey flavor to it. I probably won't be coming back for more, but I definitely won't judge their entire menu from my one experience.
4	Had the Shanghai Cashew chicken and thought it was good.  The veggies were fresh and the flavor was decent.  Not spicy as they say but still good.  I'd go back.
