1	DO NOT, I MEAN DO NOT EMPLOY THESE PEOPLE. If I could give it a negative star that would be what I would give it. I can't just blame American home shield  These people were brought out by American Home shield to my mothers house who is 75 years old and was told she needed a part. After two weeks and no word I called American home shield for her and they told me the part was only ordered that day. 2 weeks? hmm. O.k. So now a week later I called the company who was assigned to the job and asked if the part was in. I told them that her washing machine has now been out for over 3 weeks. He didn't know anything about the part. When I asked what now? He said "Call somebody that cares" Luckily I had a representative from American home shield on the line to hear how rude he was.
1	Our fridge went out, so I called American Home Shield (AHS) and they sent these people out.  They came, said that a few things where wrong and ordered parts.  I was called back shortly just couple of days to schedule to get it fixed. They came out and replaced the parts.  I thought great! Now we have a working fridge again.  Nope not at all.  Nothing they did made any difference. Even the ice maker they replaced didn't work. (the old one kinda worked at least it made ice).  I called to get them back out.  They flat refused to come back and fix anything.  I was told that everything had to be done through AHS.  So I will be with out a fridge for another week while these clowns make excuses why what they did doesn't work.
1	The entire staff in exceptionally rude. The representatives they send are always late, grumpy and overall not helpful. STAY away from this company. Avoid at all costs.
2	The technician was very nice and when he worked on our subzero his work was great. But, they have been out to our house 4 times in the last 2 months for the same issue with our dishwasher - each time it was a mis-diagnosis. Now they tell me that they know what the problem is and the part has been ordered (from a source in Phoenix) but the wrong part was ordered. Beyond frustrated. A second technician came out on the third visit and told me that because my "jet-dry" dispenser was empty - that this might be the cause of the problem - are you kidding me!
1	What an awful experience with this company.  Had a service call (through my home warranty) for my dishwasher.  One the first trip the technician decided the problem was a hose needed to be replaced.  So he left and returned (and left us with a mess that he made)  and when he returned a few days later it turned out the part he had to order wasn't even necessary.  He then "fixed" the problem only for me to find out later that day the problem was not corrected at all.  A manager called me the following day and was rude, unapologetic and could not get another more capable technician to our home to fix the issue within the time we requested.  Bottom line is the workmanship was poor and the customer service was even worse! STAY AWAY
5	This is the second time we have had our appliances repaired by Beyer - they are responsive and courteous.  The technicians arrived on time and were very competent.  We have a home warranty plan they know how to order replacement parts.  Will continue to ask for them
1	I don't know who was worse Beyer appliance or american home shield ! Five weeks and my washer is still not working ... I should've hired goober at least he would have mad me laugh ... Incompetent people on both ends I would never recommend either of these pathetic so called service companies !!!!what happened to customer service and customer satisfaction ? Ugh!!! I spent more time on the phone trying to figure out what they did with my washer  I was promised calls back , good thing i didn't hold my breath !
