1	Time2tint had an Amazon local special that I purchased.  When I called to get my car done they claimed they had no appts available for 3 weeks when I was available to have it done.  I decided I would leave work, or do what I needed to do, in order to get the job done prior to the heat of the summer.  When I called to schedule the next available appt I was told they had nothing available at all until June 4.  About an hour later a friend of mine called to see if they could tint his car.  Dan answered the phone, asked where my friend got the number to this company, and scheduled him an appointment the NEXT DAY, for a full price tint job.I was able to get my car tinted that day, May 12, at a reputable business for less than the price of Time2tint's special offer.Needless to say, I will not be doing business with them and I will be certain to let as many people as I can know how this company does business.  VERY unethical and unprofessional.
1	i WAS a potential customer..... went on living social and used one of their deals for this business and i was excited to get my windows tinted, as i have no tint on my front windows. when i called time2tint i talked to the owner DAN, he told me he couldn't get me into his shop until June 29 2012  and today is may 17 2012. how can you expect to keep business if you cant keep up with business demand? don't post on living social if you don't have the resources to finish the work you already have, bad business strategy!! second i asked DAN how much it would be to take off old tint from 3 small windows, he quoted me $75 almost what it cost me to have 5 windows tinted. i then asked how come he charges so much for remove when other companies charge only $20 for removal, his response "GO SOMEWHERE ELSE THEN!!" i have already asked for a refund from living social and will continue to boycott this unprofessional business......          Word of advice DAN, have someone else deal with phone calls and customer service because your pathetic at it!! not to mention hurting your own business since you wont see and  repeat customers or word of mouth, since that is the best form of advertisement i suggest you step your game up. if i could put no stars i would
1	I too purchased an Amazon Local coupon. BIGGEST MISTAKE EVER. Dan told me it would take 45 minutes for a small coupe. I WAS THERE FOR 2 HOURS. Time2Tint isn't even an established business, it's joined with some other jank auto parts place. He returned my car to me beyond dirty, water stains on the outside and inside of my car and the back window isn't done right! Seriously, you have me there for two hours and can't get it right. I don't even want to take it back to get it fixed! DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE FOR TINTING! Complete waste!
1	I should have trusted the reviews on Yelp about this place. Here is what happened:1) He calls at 12 PM but does not entertain us until 12:30. I took an hour off from work but ended up being out for three hours2) There was no mention of grade of tint in the voucher but upon visit Dan(owner) tells you that in $80 you only get cheapest and lightest tint available. 3) He continuously tries to sell you more expensive tint for 80 extra bucks and then yells if you decline.4) He keeps on telling you that why do you only want to spend $80. Can someone please tell him that he posted the deal, not us. He should honor that.5) I bought 5 window tint but he only did 2.5 windows. Side windows were only done partially and I was asked another $80 for remainder of it. This was never mentioned in voucher.6) All other tint dealer do complete car tint in 5 window and not partial. It was waste of both money and time since I will have to get it re-done anyways.I am going to ask for a full refund and action against this non-professional person.
1	I purchased a living social certificate for this company as well. I know that they sold a lot of the certificates and had multiple deals going on so I waited about 3 weeks to get my car in. The owner was nice... perhaps a bit too nice over the phone so I sent my husband to get it done as I was not wanting to sit at his place hearing "baby, honey, sweetheart" from him as I did over the phone. First off I was charged extra for two additional windows in my 4 door car. ( every other place that I have gone to regarding tint calls 4 door cars a 5 window job ) Mini Vans and Suv's are normally a 7 Window job. The two additional windows are the small windows that are within the same frame of the back window. Then the quality of the job is honestly something that I would say a non-pro could do. My car has tint slivers everywhere, and my back windows you can see where the jagged cuts were made unevenly and you can still see out of the window as if there was no tint there.  My back window also is full of bubbles and I am hoping that my rear window defrost will work after looking at the cut marks on it. This is  pretty disappointing as for what I paid for the "deal" and what we ended up paying for a shoddy job I could have gone to a shop where they computer cut the film and had better quality film used and a much better job done in the long run.  My car is brand new and is a complete mess inside now as well, which means I am going to have to have the interior detailed to clean up his mess. Sad part is in this weather here I know that the bubbles are only going to get worse and bigger and I will have to have the whole car redone which will cost me more money because they will have to remove the bad tint job to re-do it. I have contacted Livingsocial for a refund of this deal as it was not as advertised and we were charged more on top of what the certificate was advertised for.
5	Had my windows tinted by Danny the owner of the business. Is very attentive did it very professional job and carries very competitive pricing! I recommend this business very highly!
5	I had a Groupon for this company and went there to have all my windows (not windshield) tinted.  Dan and his wife were conscientious.They worked in tandem getting the car windows tinted.  Dan is dedicated to his work and guarantees all window tinting.Today I had a problem with the driver's side window tint--it started to lift.  I called Dan and he arrived at my house in less than 10 minutes and put new film on the window.This is the ultimate in customer service and pride in work.I recommend them to anyone who wants any window tinting--home, office, car, etc.
1	Shoddy service. Had to bring back for them to redo. Then, I noticed they sliced the window stripping and took no responsibility for it. Horrible. Go elsewhere.
5	I called up Time2Tint and spoke with Dan about getting the windows on my brand new Tahoe tinted. Dan was extremely accommodating with my busy work schedule, and we set up a time to take my car in the next day. When I came to the shop, Dan greeted me with a smile, and was so friendly and knowledgeable. I let him know that I wanted my windows as tinted as legally possible without getting pulled over. He showed me my different options, and we decided to go with a 35 I picked up my car a few hours later, and I was really impressed with how perfect the tint on my windows looked. My beautiful new car is now 100% perfect thanks to Dan!
