4	I had the pleasure of sampling BWW's delicious cuisine before it officially opened. Here's how:I was minding my own business, walking out of the Charlotte Ear Eyes Nose & Throat where I was shadowing an audiologist, and BOOM! I see a giant buffalo-man walking around Rivergate. I approach him, give him a high-five, and find out that the Buffalo Wild Wings down the way is going to open on Monday, but that they are offering FREE FOOD for people that dine in today for lunch. Victory. I called up a buddy and we got into lunch-mode. We shared the fried roasted garlic mushrooms, which were delicious. I ordered twelve traditional wings, split between the asian zing and traditional buffalo sauces. I preferred the later, which was rich and buttery, while the asian zing was a bit too sweet for my palette. My buddy ordered the steak stack sandwich, which featured strips of steak topped on  with pepper jack cheese, onion rings, and spicy garlic BWW sauce. He devoured it. The BEST part is most definitely the tab: $0.00! We left our server a generous tip, of course, but it was nonetheless an epic dining experience. Will definitely be back for opening day!
5	My first visit and it was great! Very crowded, but we were seated immediately. Very friendly staff and knowledgeable about the menu. Nice selection of beer. Very good vodka martini. But, onto the food. Ordered a small basket of onion rings. Probably from frozen, but nice and crispy with the Southwestern ranch dip. Prices are much more reasonable than that other wing place! Wings are plump and juicy and crispy. Nice selection of flavors which they happily let us sample before ordering. The Blazing wings are too hot for my taste, but my husband loved them and they made him break a sweat. If you're brave enough try the Blazing Challenge for 6 free wings next visit. 12 wings in 6 minutes and you're a winner. You're nuts, but you're a winner! I had the Salt and Vinegar wings and they are delicious. If you are a fan of salt-n-vinegar potato chips, definitely try these. The Asian Zing wings are a winner, too. I can't wait to try all of their flavors. Sampled the Mango Habanero sauce. Very tasty. I will definitely be getting my wings from here from now on!
5	Ate here today because I had a mailer for discount for lunch.  Ordered the 8-piece boneless wings with fries lunch and sweet tea.  The food took less than five minutes from order to table, very fast. The boneless wings (covered in medium sauce) were cooked perfectly: hot (temperature), not dry inside, and crispy outside.  The fries were crispy and the sweet tea was good.  Staff kept coming by the table asking if I needed anything else.  Overall excellent service, the food was indeed better than I would expect from a chain, and will likely go again in the near future.
2	My food was wrong the wait staff couldn't be bothered blah food  boneless wings too breaded
3	Okay let me start off with...it was a Thursday night, NCAA tourney night and 60 cent wing night at Buffalo Wild Wings...so I expected it to be a little crazy.  We had a group of twenty from our church having a going away gathering for one of our friends.  That being said.  It was crowded, and LOUD in the bar area, but we opted for first available seating so I guess I can't be too picky.  But for me, the whole bar area is sensory overload for this ol' gal.I am trying to watch what I'm eating so I had perused the menu before going and had already decided what I would get.  Grilled Chicken Salad with honey mustard dressing.  It was still very high in sodium and cholesterol, but one of the better choices (you can email and request a pdf file of their nutrition information, but it's not on their website...WHY?) anyhoo..that was my pick.  What I didn't know is that the grilled chicken would be tossed in the slightly tangy honey mustard AND served with a cup for pouring over your salad.  They are not my doctor, but dang...how can you manage to pack 640 calories, 38 grams of fat, 790 mg of sodium and 155 mg of cholesterol into a SALAD withOUT dressing...geez! Our waitress was really great and got eveyone's order correctly...the biggest issue I had was that our food came out all at different times...which is annoying! I did enjoy my salad but the dressing was not really that good so I doubt I'd get it again.  My husband got two different wings and was happy with them.  I wasn't UN happy with our visit, but it's definitely not my scene - and I highly doubt that I am  their target market...although if the Tarheels were in the tourney still...I'd have been hollering with everyone else!  But that's not Buffalo Wild Wings fault...my meal was less than $9 and I was more than full when I left, so I'll give this visit three stars and leave it at that!
1	We wanted to like this place, we tried to like it, we just couldn't. As ordinary as the wings were, the service was even worse. The servers either travelled in herds or were invisible, but either way they seemed to ignore us. Some of the other food was pretty good, but when wings are in your name, you expect a lot.
2	I've been to a number of BWW's and I have to say this was the worst.  I went with my husband and two kids at 3pm and there were about 6 tables sat in the entire restaurant.  The table next to us was covered with empty plates and cups the entire time we were there.  Not one staff member came to clean it.  Our server was nice.  We ordered mozz sticks and nachos to start.  The nachos were pretty gross.  My husbands first reaction was "Wheres the cheese?".  The lettuce was wilted and meat had no taste at all.  Mozz sticks were fine.  Next we all ordered wings.  They were over cooked, dry and just not good.  Not to mention the tap beers we ordered were warm!  By the time we were finished our table was covered in crap because again not one staff member cleared anything from our table.  I def wont be returning!
5	I have been a loyal customer since my 1st visit! They take care of me! If they get the order wrong, it is promptly corrected! Their wings rock! Management is awesome!  That "other place" sucks! They do not care! They have more flavors, but service is rude and pitiful! Go to B-Dub!!!!
3	Meh....this place is okay. It's become way too Corporate America over the years in my opinion. Lots of competition out there now where the wings have a lot more meat on them.
1	So, it's been a while since I've yelped....due to the busy hectic life I have, but it took this night to bring back my passion for Yelping.  It was a Wednesday night, not unlike any other night, but I was craving some wings....not just any wings. I wanted some good looking wings, just like the commercials, and wanted to have the opportunity to try some good tasty menu items that are featured on the website.Off to wild wings in Steele Creek.....This is relatively new, appears clean and fresh from the outside and it features a nice large covered patio area with some tv's with ample seating.  But this mind you is where the good stuff ends, and the adventure begins. It took a few minutes for the hostess to locate a table for us, there were 2 clean tables and six ( yes 6 ) dirty tables that were never bussed or cleaned in the main area toward the entrance or front door.  I mention six tables as they were the same six tables that were never cleaned prior to our departure.The service was slow, the atmosphere or environment could have been nice, but regardless where you are .....if you are sitting next to trash and dirty tables, then you may as well be eating next to a landfill, this place was a dive.  Trash on the floor, filthy tables, and did I mention the dirty tables, Geez, the UFC was on, the football game was on, and all I could see was the trash!So we ordered drinks and an Appetizer, the hostess was the food runner, and brought the mushrooms after 10 minutes or so.... The wings, well we were going to eat them there, however with all the trash, we chose to have our meals boxed to go since we could not stand the trash.  As I recall, there were no silverware for us to use , and the mushrooms came out in a cardboard type box, so why can't the servers just throw the trash away? Will I be back, Don't Think so!Just thought this location needs a boot in the buttocks, as if management noticed this and allowed this location to look like that, then it won't take long before it will become like the Buffalo, Nearing Extinction.Very Frustrated....should spend less money on advertising and more money on training servers and management.
1	Don't go here b/c I called in my order and I get here and the woman asked me if I ordered from there and I say yes and they claimed it wasn't there. I used to be a loyal customer but I won't come here anymore.
4	Love BWW. The boneless hot wings are great and there are lots of flavors to choose from.  It is fairly busy when I come which is usually game nights, and the service is good. If you are looking for good wings fast, BWW may be a great choice for you.
1	Wish I could give "0" stars as this is truly deserved and here's why...we came today (Sunday big NFL day for Panthers). We expected it to be busy so we knew we'd have to wait. We put our name on the list and proceeded to wait for a table in the bar area. We saw a table open up and we knew we were next on the list so I went to the hostess and she told me that the Manager put a hold on seating people because the kitchen was backed up. I asked to speak to the Manager and let her know there was a table available and since we were there to watch the game (like everyone else!), we really just wanted to sit and have a couple beers and were in no rush for food anyways. While all this going on, another couple took the table with no wait. She comes back (manager is a female, short with long dark hair in a ponytail) and offered us to share a table with another guy who had just ordered a beer. Ridiculous can't even describe this manager!!  Common sense tells you if you have a long wait and there are open tables (because the Manager is telling the hostess not to seat anyone), disorganization and people just taking tables unfortunately is the next scenario. Other than being offered a wonderful option of sharing a table with a complete stranger (which she approached him on and he did not offer up himself...awkward??), we were offered nothing else. We will NEVER go back!!!
3	Everything as far as the basics food, service are as expected at a chain. The acoustics are what brings this place down.  Instead of blasting all the games into a garbled mess they should put receivers on each table and number the screens so you can  tune in to what game you want. Crowd can be a little douchey too.  Can't do much about that.  Kind of the opposite of a local pub.
4	I've never had a problem here. I usually order my food and pick it up. The staff is always friendly and gives extra sauce. They always make sure my order is good and hot.
3	Need more sauce selections
4	One of the places that I go to often when in rivergate. My boyfriend likes this place because of having many TVs and my sisters likes this place because of the wings. I like this place also and I like their fries. The servers are nice and quick. The place has a pretty good amount of seatings
3	Good food as always however Togo experiences was not good. I had asked for ketchup packets the girl told me she put some inside but there were none. Dining in experience were great our server remembers everything and offers lids for my sauces along with my to go box.The food does take a while though both take out and dine in but I guess that applies to all the B dubs that I've been to. Lol
1	I was there Sunday night around 12 the place was almost empty few people I order Chicken wings and wait 40 minutes to the wings came out   And the service slow and I don't wait cuz the place was empty.
2	They need to really clean their high chairs and tables they are really sticky!!! Average food and service.
5	always good food good drinks and great atmosphere! Less than a mile from my house makes it all the better! LOL
2	I've only been here twice, I gave it another chance, but the food is just not good. The service is average, but the dishes that I have tried here were very bland and just something you can get from the frozen aisle at the grocery store. Not coming back, to any location.
1	Arrived on Sunday, September 22, 2014 just at the end of the 2nd quarter Panthers/Steelers game.  We sat in the sports bar area and the waitress came over and asked were we sat in the area. I replied no. She said usually on game nights they sit guest but she would take care of us.  We ordered a water and ice tea and reviewed the menu while she went for our drinks.  When she returned it was asked if we needed more time to review the menu. That's where we went wrong!  We said yes and it was going into half time of the game.  We waited, waited, waited, waited...a few waitress went by and we still waited, waited, waited!!! The game was in mid 3rd quarter when we decided to leave!  I ask to speak to a manager on the way out because this wax my 3rd time in this establishment in a year and each time there was horrible service.  My opinion is not to ever go to thus place. The first time I went it felt a little racist and no service to my table. The 2nd time was the same.  My last time was just a service issue an completely unacceptable.   Terrible service and customer service compared to other Buffalo Wild Wing locations I have been to!!!!
2	What is it about BWW? I love their wings, but the service SUCKS at very one I've ever been to. This one fits that same mo,d; good food, SLOW service.
1	Poor service all the way around.  We waited quite a while for anyone to come to our table. When she finally made it to us, she was quick to tell us we really weren't on of her tables but she was picking it up. That was evident the whole time. Our drinks came slow and were never refilled.  Our food took forever and when it finally came my order was 75% wrong.  The manager finally stopped by and refilled our drinks. When she back with the corrected plate, she did apologize and say she was going to take care of that entree on the check.....that was great except when the check came, IT WAS ON THERE. The service was so bad that when the waitress brought the check, which was also wrong, she said, "oh if you are paying cash you don't need to worry about a tip at all." No kidding. On a positive note, the food was good, especially the fried cheese curds.
4	Love BWW at Steele Creek. The staff is great. The food doesn't always come out consistently, but we generally like it all and have a great time playing trivia.
1	I would never go here again though they have a vast amount of different flavored wings as I tried 5 different flavors none were too appetizing if you happen to find yourself check out the salt n pepper wings they were different I've never seen that flavor before as a wing contra sore
