4	I'm a fan, they had a good selection of YOUTH shoes and t-shirts. 3 racks of clearance T's all $5 ea. Very helpful and friendly staff.
3	Not my Fav @Vans_66 Store.BUT this location has Great deals on clothes and shows like BOGO 1/2 Off or FREE.BUT I gotta knock them 1 star for NO skateboard equipment!!!
4	Oh herro lil chubby green eyed cashier! HUBBA HUBBA!Soooo upon walking in, I get all excited bc I love shoes! What else do I love? A friggin sale! a buy one get one 50% off sale is totally my fave! Here thats a constant! I went in to get my little guero some shoes and possibly pick up some for moi. I walked around and found like 5 pairs for my boy and 1 for me. I was in there for a little while, and although it was small I was able to find a place to sit and try my shoes on! Score they were also only 20$!! So I went to check out and was greeted by mister sexy green eyes! Theres like 5 things that get me: colored eyes, Asian guys, nice teeth, yummy smelling, and a great personality. This bro had it all, minus the Asian part : ( Anyway, the bros helped me find what I needed; and were super sweet and talkative! Thats a rarity! Most ppl are intimidated by my strong personality and tattoos : ) Anywho, the guys spoke to me, amazing customer service frillz! The inventory is good for every person and the price is nice!Go here for your Vans fix!
4	Can't beat the sales and 1/2 off shoes. It can get crowded during the Christmas however they never disappoint. Retail associates are great and if they don't have it, they'll contact another store or make a suggestion that's similar to what you are looking for. Keep it up Vans!!!!!
4	This location is at the Las Vegas Premium Outlets (North) and has great deals going on. I didn't intend on coming here or even knew this store was here. After passing by I decided to step inside and check things out. The store was filled with customers as well several staff on hand to assist. The guy who helped me was very nice and helpful in getting me the sizes I wanted to try. I ended up getting 2 pairs on a BOGO deal and was pleased. They offer a variety of styles and colors and have sizes for the whole family.
