4	Delicious Chicken Sandwiches here.  Serrano provides quick service and great prices for chicken sandwiches.  You can choose between chicken breast or legs and they have a variety of sauces.  I picked up a half order of their potatoes and they're equally delicious.A great place to grab a quick lunch!
4	Great chicken sandwich. I've heard great things about the porc sandwich.. but it seems to sell out by noon.
5	I love the chicken breast sandwich! Very friendly people and family-run for 30+ years!
5	Why make rotisserie chicken at home when you can get it here?? I drive all the way from NDG to pick some up, it's that good.
5	Just awesome!  Obviously, Romados is good at what it does, but for very moist well seasoned (without the need of spicy sauce), chicken, the edge goes to Serrano. Actually, it depends on your mood. I find that Romados chicken does not do too well the next day (dry). At Serrano, the chicken really retains moisture, even two days later! We usually get 1.5 full chickens from there, eat one and then cube the other half a few days later and put it in a green salad. The chicken is so succulent, and really, for $12 a whole chicken, this is a very good reason to never cook it at home again; just do take-out! The sandwiches are also very tasty, and they have various free toppings (lettuce, tomato, onions, cabbage, spicy sauces, etc). The chicken veers toward the salty side, but this sodium freak loves it! Go, go, go
4	Best chicken sandwich in the area.  When I lived downtown I missed it.My only complaint is that the last two times I had small pieces of bone in there which was disappointing... So only 4 stars
4	Good prices. Really nice ladies. Decent chicken and fantastic potatoes. Chicken tends to be a bit dry, need that good auju sauce they have.
1	Not sure what's going on, if the owners have changed or whatnot, but the last three times I went to Serrano of late, the chicken was totally off. Dry and lacking of that yummy "fill your belly with salty goodness" feeling. Also, whereas the staff used to be women and there was always an elderly stern looking lady sitting at one of the tables (behaved like the, or an owner, of the place), the last times we went, the staff were comprised of pushy, borderline rude, men. When I ordered an whole chicken, they tried to convince me to take the leftover parts of previously cut chicken, and when I refused, they had attitude. Won't be giving them another shot since this place is really out of my way, and was only worth it due to the great product they used to have. Seriously, my local Metro does much better at this point!
