5	Not only is this place gorgeous with lots of sunlight and fresh decor, the food was yummy and a value for your money. I expect this place to be incredibly busy in the upcoming months from all the business lunch traffic. I tried the special - Beef Stroganoff. Such flavor! The meat was tender, not chewy in the least...and two meals worth for only $10. Did I mention I ordered the most expensive thing on the menu? That's right. My boyfriend ordered a delicious sandwich of fresh pulled mozzarella, pesto, and portabello mushroom called the Fungi. Oh man...did I forget to mention his $3 side of white truffle mac 'n cheese? I don't know how many people like food for a good deal, but this is my favorite new Mill Ave lunch spot!They validate for 2 hours worth in the Brickyard garage...so don't worry about parking. Also...I love that they have iced green tea that isn't sweetened. I'm a stickler about good iced tea and I was impressed.
5	My new favorite lunch spot in Tempe.   I"ve had a couple of the sandwiches and salads.  Food is healthy, creative, and delicious.  Great ambiance for a lunch meeting.I highly reccomend.The truffle mac n cheese is naughty.  Enjoy!
5	If you eat lunch near campus or on Mill you have to give this place a try. It might be difficult because it's somewhat hard to find. When you're on Mill, between La Bocca and Bank of America, where the escalator is, walk straight back. Keep walking past the ASU buildings and you'll see Center Bistro. The first time I went there I didn't walk far enough back and was totally confused for a couple minutes. Anyways, once you find it you're set. The food here is amazing. It's all organic and delicious. I've been here twice, once I got the thanksgiving sandwich and the first time I got the daily special, curry rice and shrimp. Both times I was beyond impressed. I've also tried the bruschetta, the brie and fig was amazing. I'm also really impressed with the service. By the only second time I'd visited they remembered me, maybe not my name but definitely that I'd been there. They always seem helpful and upbeat.Great lunch place on MIll with a little less guilt than Five Guys ;)
2	I'm slurping their pumpkin spiced soup from the bowl.It's tasty soup, but I shouldn't be slurping it. I've been to The Center Bistro 4 times since they opened and the consistent theme is good food, horrible service. They just don't seem to know what they're doing, even though they appear to mean well. Goofed orders, charging incorrectly, forgetting that they were in the middle of taking an order... it's kind of silly.Their redeeming factor is a tasty menu. Today I ordered a half-order of their mill salad (dates, feta, greens) and Pumpkin Spice soup. They walked away from the cash register while I was ordering, kept forgetting what I was doing there, and finally took my order after 20 minutes. Then, suspecting the worst, I asked the woman as she handed me my to-go bag if there was silverware in there for both soup and salad. She said Yes.I should have known better and checked, because apparently she eats her soup with a knife.  The other two people I went with also did not get a spoon for their soup.  Maybe they're Spoon Nazis ("No Spoon For YOU!"), but I think they just have a creative cook in there who doesn't have experience running a business.  Tasty food will earn a few extra chances, but when every visit results in frustration - I give up.
4	I was walking to my car from class at ASU and I came across this new restaurant opening up. Just to check it out and see what it had to offer I walked in for some lunch (I always walk this way to my car at this time so it quite convenient for lunch). I had a tasty drink and a marvelous panini. Very good first impression, but my first good impression was the place itself--wonderfully put together. It is a very nice, clean looking joint with great food!
4	I popped in here around 11:30 am and got some food to go.  I always walked past this place and would tell myself I would try it, but only got around to it today.  They focus on local and organically grown ingredients.  The atmosphere is nice.  Very calm, comfortable, clean, minimalistic, but still warm (lots of natural light, wood, and splashes of green and orange). The service was very good.  Friendly and fast.  However, I will add the following note:  Their kitchen is not a typical "restaurant" kitchen.  Imagine a refreshingly simple, but nice, home kitchen with a large center island.  Now, place an unobtrusive cash register at one end of the island.  This is pretty much what you will see when you walk through the front door.  So, I'm not sure how things get when they are busy.    I got their daily special, which happened to be ribs, green beans, potato salad, and a parsley (I think) & vinegar dipping sauce.  They had a plate of it displayed on a table when I walked in.  I'm not sure if that is what they usually do with their daily specials, but if it is, the marketing strategy worked on me.   There was a generous serving (6 pieces) of ribs.  They were pork, I believe, and had a great dry rub that was on the savory side (not sweet).  If you have a preference for ribs drenched in sticky, sweet, BBQ sauce, then these ribs were not meant for you.  The potatoes were cooked until tender.  They had a great creamy texture to them as you ate them, but they were not mushy.  The sauce was a sour cream based sauce, I believe, rather than a mayonnaise base, and also tasted very good...although perhaps just slightly under seasoned.  The green beans were cooked perfectly with a nice crunch to them.  I'm not sure if they were blanched first, but they were nicely browned in the pan with a mild but flavorful garlic and oil dressing.    The entire meal was only $10 before taxes and tip.  A very reasonable price for the quality and quantity of food you get.    All-in-all, I am  a fan and I will definitely be back again.
2	I work on Mill so yesterday I decided to give Center Bistro a try. I got half of the Beet sandwich, which has carmelized beets and gorgonzola, and half of the Mill Revolution salad, which has dates and basil - so good! The service was also great. I asked the guy, who has strawberry blond hair and glasses, about a million questions about their menu and he was patient and helped me pick out my entrees. He encouraged me to sign up for their email blasts and pimped out their Twitter and FB pages to me. Good job.I had such a great experience that I decided to go back today and try another half-sandwich/half-salad combo.Big mistake.I ordered the Red Bird, which is chicken with arugula, red onions, provolone and sun-dried tomato aioli.But the sandwich I just ate had no arugula and I could barely taste an aioli. Also, it was pressed. The first time I went in they asked me if I wanted it cold or hot, but this time I guess I didn't get an option.Not only that but the sandwich was tiny! I paid $8 for a nugget-sized sandwich and a bed full of greens. I hate when you order something and it comes out and it's minuscule and you're already thinking about what you're going to eat after to fulfill your hunger. For my salad, I ordered the Southwest Fusion. The menu description: "organic field greens tossed with berries, candied pecansand feta cheese with raspberry chipotle vinaigrette."Um, no.Here is what was inside my salad: three small strawberries, NO candied pecans and it's swimming in dried cranberries that overpower the taste. The one good thing is the dressing, but this is not the salad I was promised.Fail.Now let's talk about the service. Like I said before, the first time I went in the gentleman with the light hair and glasses was very nice and professional. This time, though, I had another guy and his customer service skills were dismal. I bet they're probably college students, but that is no excuse for poor service.For one, I ordered a very simple meal: half a sandwich and half a salad. No bells and whistles, no special requests. The guy behind me ordered a full sandwich, a couple of sides and a smoothie ... and his order was up before mine!!! WTF? I sat there waiting for a while before I finally went up and asked about the status of my order, to which he replied, "It's right here." It had been sitting on the table ready to go. My waiting spot was about 20 feet away, but I remained in eye sight the entire time. And there was ONE other person in the room besides me and she was on her laptop with headphones on. I guess with all those people in between us, it became too difficult for him to find me. To top it all off, I come back to work, open up the box and ... no fork. Do you know how coveted forks are in my office? It's always the first utensil to go! Luckily, I was able to find one but still, come on, dude. To-go order = put a damn fork and a napkin in my box. I'm not asking for much.I'm torn about how I feel about Center Bistro. My first experience was amazing, but my second one was hugely disappointing. I haven't decided yet if there will be a third time.
5	Nothing I say can do this place justice.  For the last month I've been frequently this place at least a couple of times a week and can never seem to get enough.  White truffle mac n' cheese for $3, delicious bruschetta, specials that sometimes seem a bit odd for the place (tacos at the sandwich/salad place?), mozzarella made on location with mini heirloom tomatoes and balsamic glaze, and so much more.  The daily soups are always rich and tasty.  The fungi sandwich is my new obsession and breakfast....oh the breakfast!  The options seem simply enough - breakfast burritos, omelets, sandwiches, fruit sides, and smoothies, but since this place uses fresh local ingredients something seems so special about these choices.  I love to get the AZ Am Sandwich and add bacon, sausage, AND ham.  So much pig cooked in fluffy eggs!! * swoon *Anyways, the space is so inviting; bright colors, fresh flowers, and fun art add so much charm.  I wish the hours were longer so I could lounge on the couches and study after work.  Really the hours are my only complaint about this place.  Hopefully they stay open longer (and on weekends) soon.
3	I have been to this restaurant twice (most recently today for lunch). First off, the restaurant is really cute, I love the open feeling and the cute tables. The first time I went here with a friend and I had a groupon. It was kind of weird because we were told that they were changing their menu and so only had a limited menu that day that consisted of about two options. I thought that kind of sucked, I mean, if you are going to be open you should have some food in your restaurant.... but anyway, We both ordered the tagliatelle with chipotle cream sauce. It was good, my friend really liked it and I thought it was just ok. So then I saw that they had another groupon a few months later and decided to buy it and give them another chance, after all, I only tried something off of their abridged menu. Today I went with two friends. I ordered the veggie panini and a smoothie. One of my friends ordered the chipotle pasta and the other didn't get anything (picky eater). The smoothie was really good, I would definitely prefer it over jamba juice. The veggie panini was ok... it said it had caramalized onions but the onions were definitely raw... It came with a salad (pear, goat cheese, nuts) which was really tasty. I would come back to this restaurant (especially for a smoothie) because I go to ASU and it is convenient, but probably only if I had a coupon....
1	Yeah, down to one star. I am not exaggerating when I say every order I make here is wrong. Every one. I went back because some friends were going who love the place, so I figured the odds HAD to be on my side for once. After I ordered my sandwich, which came on 9 grain bread, I heard the cashier tell the next person in line they were out of 9 grain. Huh? Did I get the last slices? So I asked, and he said I would have to pick ciabatta or rye. I dislike ciabatta, so asked for rye - as did the guy behind me. Guess what I ended up getting? Go on... guess. Ciabatta. The food is tasty, but I think the people who work here start every day by getting drunk out of their minds before they open. Or maybe they just have my picture behind the register with a note to Screw With This Guy. In that case, they are doing an exceptional job. I give up.
4	All I can say is totally Wow!  So creative and so delicious.  I have eaten there many times and have been wowed every time. Warm, friendly wait staff too!You owe it to yourself to visit.
4	So here's the scoop: The food at The Center Bistro is extremely tasty.  I got a salad with Seared Ahi Tuna, Avocado, Radishes, and some sort of delicious vinagrette.  It was delicious.  My friend got the Truffel Oil Ragu and it was definitely the best Wild Mushroom Ragu I've ever had.Now, you might ask, "Why then, Matt, would you only give them 4 stars if you liked the food so damn much?"Don't worry, I will feed you baby birds.  The reason this place only gets four stars is because I am a 6'5'' college kid who eats like an elephant (i.e. close to my body weight per day), and the portion sizes at the Bistro just don't cut it for my tastes.  The food is fantastic, but I need about double the portion they serve and I can't fork over twice the price of the items on the menu.
5	I just finished the wild mushroom ragu stack with truffle oil and I am STILL licking my lips in an attempt to savor the flavor.  Possibly one of the tastiest meals of my life... I sh*t you not.  My friend who I was dining with shook the table and I panicked and grabbed my plate in fear of losing the few bites I still hadn't finished. My friend had the avocado salad with seared tuna which was tasty as well, but we both agreed the ragu was the bombdizzle.Our server had a bit of trouble steering me in the right direction when I was indecisive about whether I should order the truffle mac and cheese or the ragu. I felt as though if he just asked a few inquisitive questions about what exactly I was looking for he could have offered me better advice. Nevertheless, I was highly impressed with my decision.   Despite our server's inability to offer solid menu advice, he was just as yummy as the food and greeted us with a genuine smile. If I was single girl I would have liked to ordered him for dessert. I will be going back tomorrow!
5	I'm a lunch regular here.... there are some pros and cons, but overall the pros keep me coming back!!!Cons: Order issues; about a quarter of the time the order is slightly wrong.  This may be to the menu since it varies and, to their credit, it is always corrected promptly with an apology.  Also, this is a newer restaurant that opened in 2010 (I believe) and they may not have everything perfected quite yet.  Portions; the portions are sufficient for me, but I'm not sure some of my other lunch partners are "stuffed". Pros: Food; great!   They use local, organic, and free range ingredients as much as possible and you can taste the great quality in the food.  The food is always fresh, flavored wonderfully, and delicious.  I usually get the chicken sandwich with bacon on ciabatta bread.  The dessert, soup, and appetizers are also good.  Appearance; the restaurant has an open layout, modern, bright, crisp and clean (the bathrooms are modern and clean too!).  The decor is really cute and offers comfortable seating.  Staff; always very friendly, helpful, cheerful, and accommodating.  Food prep time is appropriate and usually 5-10 minutes.  Coffee; really good!  It is smooth and delicious and they offer it hot or cold.  All of their water is purified and all of the beverages turn out great as a result.  Environment; very relaxed, peaceful, and you are not rushed.  There is also a nice patio area if you wish to sit outside.I originally found this place because I had a coupon and I have continued to come back for lunch.  The prices are reasonable and they offer lunch specials.  Everyone I have introduced to this place has been pleased.... I suggest you try it too!
4	This is a great place for lunch in the heart of Tempe! The food is fresh and organic and wonderful ... but they do occasionally get a detail or two wrong.It has a patio, but unfortunately it's just a slab of concrete so far. There are umbrellas providing shade, but hopefully they'll add some decor in time.Give it a try the next time you're on Mill and you're hungry for a healthy sandwich or salad. I think they have a yoga studio as well, but remember to wait an hour after you eat before doing yoga.
1	Well, this proves I'm not worthy of hanging with the cool kids.  Went to Center Bistro today, got the mushroom/risotto stacked thing and the "special" which was raw tuna, risotto, cabbage and some good dressing laying on top of what I swear is a dripping (decorative, of course) made with Frank's Red Hots hot sauce.  It sucked.Bland, bland, bland.  Even their black ice tea is biting.Yeah, I know nuevo cuisine is all the rage...but, to me, "taste and flavor" is more important than what it looks like.However, people are buying into this crap...just like people are stuffing down pork belly now.  That is the fat of the pig, folks.  Are you crazy?Soooo bad for you.But, then again, like I said, I am obviously not one of the cool kids or I would like this stuff...or, at the very least, pretend to like this stuff.Personally, I'll take a pass and head to a Burger King.  Crappy, unhealthy food but, at least, it has some flavor.
2	So I must be crazy, because every time I see a groupon for this place, I buy it.... I think my memories and actual experiences do not line up. So I had yet another deal for this place, and I decided to go there with the BF for lunch today to celebrate end of school. The place was fairly empty, but the decor is still nice. I ended up ordering the bhan mi sandwich at the suggestion of the waitress and the BF got the turkey sandwich. We both got the side of the day which was a sweet potato corn bread with honey and fruit butter. So the sandwiches come out and I was a bit confused. On the menu it said that the bhan mi was roasted pork with carrots, cilantro, cucumber, and a sriracha mayo. Well.... this sandwich was not roasted pork. It was strips of ham... like deli ham. WTF? This sandwich costs $10.50. I could go buy some deli meat and veggies and throw it in a pan for 5 seconds for about 2$. I don't even like ham and would never order a ham sandwich. Isn't this restaurant supposed to be all about freshness and organic and whatnot? Because deli ham is anything but.... Why can America's tacos sell delicious roasted pork for about 2$ and this place doesn't even really use roasted pork? In addition, I was about half done with the first half of the sandwich and I found a whole slice of jalapeno in my mouth. My mouth was on fire. I couldn't eat anymore of the sandwich. My eyes were watering.... and I like spicy and use jalapenos in a lot of my cooking. Ugh. I liked the turkey sandwich, but on the menu it states that it comes with bacon.... well no bacon. Really center bistro? Why have a menu when apparently you just put whatever you feel like putting in the food? The corn bread was good and the butter that came with it was good too, but I felt extremely ripped off by my meal there today.... it was unacceptable. I find myself wondering if their breakfast or newly added dinners would be better, as the dinner menu looks good, but I'm, worried if I go for something on said menu, I'll just get some random other thing that I did not want. So we'll see if I give it another go.
4	I love love love that there is place close to where I live off Mill Ave that's not a haven for douche bags. The Center Bistro is charming and elegant and the food is above par. I always crave a nice fancy drink that doesn't put me out $12 or $15 dollars and this place satisfies my craving. I ordered a drink that was made with blood Orange vodka and champagne! So good. The waitress was really friendly and even topped off our glasses with some more champagne for no extra charge. My friend and I split a salad that had walnuts and a creamy nut crusted cheese that didn't stand a chance between the two of us. We also ordered the mac and cheese which is one of the best options on the menu. My boyfriend ordered the tacos with their homemade salsa. They were a little small but what they lacked in size they made up for in flavor. The salsa is some of the best salsa I have ever had in my life. We went on a Friday night and an awesome band was playing that took requests. They played Fleetwood Mac for me! I can't remember the name of the band and that makes me sad. They played a lot of 90s too which is always great in my book. It wasn't crowded at all so if you get out of work and want a nice chill place to eat and drink in peace without some bros hooting and hollering or having to listen to some 21 year old female talk about her hair, this is the place for you. I would give it 5 stars if it was open on weekends. Hopefully that will change with time. Check it out if you want something off the beaten path and are tired of dealing with all the weirdos on Mill Ave.
4	I just ate at Center Bistro today.  I must admit that I have not really tried any of the restaurants in the renovated area of Tempe (other then the big ones).  I had the special of the day which was the encrusted Salmon.  WOW!  It was cooked perfectly, and served atop brown rice.  It also came with fresh squash, which was also cooked to perfection.  The food tasted so fresh.  In addition to the Salmon we had fresh Humus and crusty bread, and delicious green tea. The overall environment inside the restaurant seemed nouveau/tech.  Comfortable, but great for a business meeting. The staff was extremely friendly, and it had the atmosphere of a place where a lot of regulars hang out.  In fact, the owner of the building and his son both were in the restaurant, and both seemed genuinely nice.I definately recommend it.  I am taking a friend there later this week (he is a total foodie), and will get a second opinion
1	Its basically a wanna-be fine-dining restaurant/deli open during select hours for the yoga chicks upstairs. The food lunges outside the box, and aims to be a bit pretentious. But honestly its just a rich man's Jimmy John's with better furniture and House music.
5	The food here was always on point! Loved the Mac n cheese and the salmon was cooked perfectly as well. So sorry to hear that they closed.
