1	I have no intentions of returning to this business ever again! My father-in-law previously  came here for watch repairs, so he recommended this spot to us since we were in the area, and I was anxious to have my new watch sized. I told the sales clerk to take a few links off my new watch. She didn't bother to size the watch on me to determine the appropriate number of links to take off, and she ended up taking too many links off from one side, making the watch hang to far to one side on my wrist (if that makes sense). I was only slightly annoyed at this point, so I asked her to correct it and she argued that she did it correctly, but to appease me she put one link back on so the watch would sit right on my wrist. She then rang up my service purchase and told me the total was $14.95....for two minutes of work! I assumed the cost would be $5 - $10 to take out some watch links, but not $15!?!? I asked the lady why the cost was so high,  and she claimed that the charge was "industry standard." Not knowing any better, I paid the charge and left feeling completely dooped! I was a little suspicious of her claim that $15 is "industry standard" to remove watch links, so I called around and got a few estimates from other local jewelers  and not one jeweler quoted me a price over $10.Can you believe that!...So not only did she lie to me, but I didn't get quality service. If you go to this jeweler make sure your quoted a reasonable price before they perform the work or service.
5	I have been dealing with Connie for years and found her to be fair and reliable.
5	I have been going to Connie for about 10 years and she has always been corteous and her prices are very resonable.  I go to her for watch repairs, band replacement, batteries and I got my ring resized.  I would definitely recommend Connie to my family and friends.
4	My son needed a new battery for his watch.  The price was reasonable, which I'm not sure what it was, but it was fine.  It's in a nice area and I've never been to that location of Chandler before.We walked in and they were able to put a new battery in within 10 minutes.  The first person that attempted to put the battery in couldn't, so Connie herself, did the battery exchange.  We were then on our way within 15 minutes.Quick and easy.
5	My daughter needed a new battery for her watch.  I went in on a Friday afternoon and Connie was able to quickly change this out for $7.  Easy and quick.  Perfect!
5	We bought a new watch for our son that really didn't cost much.  However, the band wasn't the greatest as he is a thin kid and they didn't have enough loop things and one of them broke, so the strap was just stuck out.  Really annoying.He loved the watch but the analog clock's battery needed replacing.  I've already been to Connie's twice before for other watches, one being last week.  I called her up and she said there is no way to fix a leather band, but she had some inexpensive ones and could find something that will go with the watch.Yesterday I took the watch in, she found a band close to what my son had, put it on, had her throw the old one away and she replaced the battery of the part of the watch that needed it. It was very quick and easy.Connie is a delight to deal with and I really enjoy going in there.  It almost makes me want to buy a watch, except I hate wearing watches.  But, maybe I'll get the kids a couple more watches.I know Connie will always do a great job servicing the watches with excellent, personable customer service.   The battery replacements and bands are very reasonable and affordable.  I believe the battery replacements for the watches for my kids have been in the range of $7.  I highly recommend her!!!
2	Friendly service. However, I have brought several watches in for battery replacements and the batteries consistently need to be replaced  within 6 months. I do not come here anymore
