3	Not bad, not great, but it's cheap and works in a pinch.  Of course there are the upfront price you pay for at the counter and then the back home price you pay for eating it =\So there's all these optional questions to fill out along with the written interview saying things like, "Good for this" and "Good for that," well it's really not good for anything except filling you up with stuff that resembles food while you're on a budget.  If you can avoid it, do so.  Today just happened to be one of those unavoidable days for me.
2	I have an INTENSE hatred for people telling me to pull around the drive thru and wait for my food to be ready. To me, this means, "move along loser, you're inconveniencing us; even though you paid us, and waited in line for everyone else, you need to get out of line, and go wait till we're not busy enough to bother bringing your (typically cold) food out to you. That said, when people tell me to do this (typically happens at this Burger King), I put the car in park and tell them politely that I'll wait. This freaks them out, and they practically insist I move because I'm holding everyone else up behind me. I'm not trying to be a dick; I don't order 30 burgers at the drive thru. They make the BK Big Fish sandwich fresh and it takes an extra 2 minutes (yes I timed it). They're just trying to keep their drive thru times down because they're monitored and penalized if they are too high.O.K... Rant out of the way, I have to say that when I go in, everyone is polite and helpful. The restaurant is always clean, and quiet. The food is ALWAYS fresh, and hot. You can order lunch early in the morning, and the soda is never flat. This is why the store gets 2 stars instead of 1. Honestly, I'd rate the in store experience a 4/5 and the drive thru experience a 1/5, because they are incapable of understanding drive thru orders without repeating them 2-4 times for each item, and you can FORGET about asking for details on items. Anything you ask about, they just add to your order without explanation, even though you may not want it. Add to it, the above issue, with the lack of give-a-damn for the drive thru customers, and we have a pretty "meh" store.Step up the drive thru customer service Burger King!
1	The service was bad the food was cold
1	Cold food. Don't waste your time or money.
1	Horrible food. My bun was hard and the onion rings tasted like old grease. They forgot my husband's french fries and of course, we didn't realize it until we were down the road. Will not return.
3	Burger King has finished its' remodel...and it appears to have gone high-tech.The big display menu boards are easy to read, and the building looks to be refreshed both inside and out.  The food...it's Burger King, folks...fast and moderately priced, intended to be consumed with a carbonated beverage, and don't forget fries with that.My experiences both pre- and post-remodel are the same.  If you are going to custom-order your food, you are better served to park the car and walk in.  Placing a custom order at the drive through, like most fast-food restaurants, is an exercise in futility.  Most who custom order do not check their order when it comes to 'em in a bag until they get to their destination...and that generally means no turning around to get the order corrected.I have not had any significantly negative experiences here.
1	Spent 30 minutes waiting in line on the one car in front of me.. Only to be handed my 2 sandwiches and cold cold fries. Not even slightly warm. I don't usually go to Burger King for obvious reasons but this one was recently remodeled so I thought I'd give'm a shot. Fail. Sandwiches were good.. But how do you get fries wrong? :(  disappointed.
1	This place gets worse and worse every time I come. If the soda machine isn't broken, then the credit card machine is down. The drive thru lane takes much longer than it ever should. They may have given the outside a face lift but I haven't had a pleasant experience since. Avoid this location if you can.
1	I wish I could give this place a zero. I ordered a coffee (first mistake) at 11am and not only did it take forever to get my drink but it was room temperature at best. I know BK is not known for its coffee but I expect a little more than this
