3	This store is hilarious! As I was walking past the other day I was nearly blown away by the full blast super fast bagpipe dance music that was blaring from it and in my haste to get away I tripped over a man and his two scottie dogs after apologising about 100 times I realised it was a plastic man modelling a kilt and his two scottie dogs were teddy dogs also wearing kilts and tartan bonnets.I decided to have a little look around and saw the usual Scottish tat, fridge magnets, mugs, tartan as far as the eyes could see and there was even a female manikin sporting a rather raunchy tartan number with a teeny tiny skirt. There are a couple of stands dedicated to the tartan mini skirt and they had stacks of Scotland hoodies too. As far as souvenir shops go this one is quite large but it's quite hectic and the sped up bagpipe music adds to the chaos but for comedy value it deserves three stars.
2	If this is Scotland's Heritage then we deserve to be forgotten.I was maybe hoping for philosophical masterpieces, great plays and poetry, inventions from marmalade to penicillin, engineering marvels  Nah, it's just jimmy hats and pencils with Nessy on the end.I understand the argument that a country needs to sell itself. That we need to bring in the tourists for our economy. But do we really have to sink so low? If we have to exploit something could it not be our past creative genius and not some pseudo-historical "romantic" view which produces such plastic tacky crap? I guess the latter is a lot easier to make on an assembly line. Fine so if you want tea towels with a manly  William Wallace on them, or scenic postcards (okay I can tolerate the latter) then I suppose this place is alright. But it not really any better than the million other tourist gift shops up and down the Royal Mile.If these places continue existing, they will unfortunately become part of your heritage, one that has culminated since the Victorians decided to construct an imaginary, convenient Scotland.
5	I have not physically been to the shop in Edinburgh, however I have ordered from their website. I happen to order the wrong size casual kilt and have been dealing with them to get it exchanged. Living in California, USA could make this a difficult process but Yvonne of their customer support department has been outstanding in helping me and I am very pleased with the products and services I have received. It's not easy for a man of Scottish descent ot get kilts and products here in California. Thank you kindly for all your help and I will definitely be shopping with you again!And of course when I make it back to Scotland I WILL be paying a visit!
