4	This pizzahut is probally the best one in town, its always clean, the employees are always nice  and the Pizza is cooked perfectlly. The thing I dont like aboit it os that it has a small waiting area tjat is always full.
1	Apparently, these fucktards can't use a phone. If your cellular phone number is, say, Indian Springs, where they'd have to dial the area code, they can't figure that out. So, they go ahead and cancel your order without communicating with you. I will never, ever, ever, ever use this Pizza Hut again.And why did they need my number? To call and confirm my order. HERE'S A TIP, DIPSHIT: If the order is already paid for, and I placed it over the Internet, it's because I don't want to TALK to you slack-jawed Taco-Bell rejects. If I was looking forward to a phone conversation with a pizza place, I'd have called in my order. I would have gotten a GOOD pizza from a local place. I wanted to order over the Internet to AVOID talking to you. So, fuck this place. You've lost my business forever.
1	I've been a long time customer online for this Pizza Hut on Desert Inn  in Las Vegas. Finding out they cancelled my order after almost 2 hours of waiting...????This is what happened: I made another order for work and waited for over an hour. I call over to the store and they say I came up as a "new customer" and called my HOME phone in which nobody answered and so they cancelled the order. I asked them if I was getting the money back into my account and they told me it would take up to 5 business days and the order stays cancelled. I ask if he would just order it for me in which he does but not with the 20% discount advertised for the online order. He said it was no fault of theirs but I would be out the money for the last order, pay again over the phone and then could NOT get the 20% off I was originally trying to get. WHAT A RIP OFF!!!!Pizza came way late and delivery guy waited for a tip. I told him it was on my account and Pizza hut is holding it for 5 days.
5	Nice guy who gave me my order  and extra pepper.. ordered online was ready when i got there .. barvo
1	They have bad service. They take awfully long on delivery and I live right down the street. Then they call me after 40 minutes of ordering my pizza saying they did not have it. I was getting very frustrated cause I was hungry. Go to the one on Boulder.
1	This pizza hut SUCKS! First off, the girl on the phone who took the order was literally incompetent, the whole order contained a large pizza, 18 wings and two root beers---I was on the phone placing the order for 17 minutes.  She said pizza would be delivered to my doorstep in 55 minutes...that was an hour and 35 minutes ago.  I called back asked where the hell my food was and the girl said "your delivery time is......uhhhh.....I can't find it" proceeded by "oh it's on the way, yeah it's on the way it'll be there soon."It's going on two hours and my food still isn't here.  DON'T order delivery from this place unless you want to wait the whole night.I called back 2 1/2 hours later and a male answered the phone I asked where my order was and he stated that delivery times were only running 20 minutes behind....he searched for my name and just as I figured the lady that took my order never placed it. She needs to be fired and this place needs to hire more competent employees!
