4	I made my first trip out to Sababa this afternoon and wanted to preempt my official FoodBurgh post with a quick review here. I was pleasantly surprised to find that the former Mr Willies space has re-appeared as a fantastic new family owned Middle Eastern restaurant.The space is large, so there's plenty of room for good table spacing. The tables (covered by white tablecloths and white paper) each hold a single potted herb as a centerpiece (_amazing_ idea). The menu is split into a few sections: appetizers (which seem to be primarily vegetarian) and vegetarian options on the first column and grilled meat on the second. The chef tells me that all of their meat is Kosher (though I don't know about everything else).I ordered a Sababa Salad and found it to be just the right type of cool dish on a hot day. Avacado, hearts of palm, sliced tomato, and navy beans all sat atop a bed of mixed baby greens. A citrus-based dressing and sprinkles of flaked sea salt topped it all of.The salad's flavors came together exceptionally well to create a brightly flavored but completely balanced salad--and one I didn't even have to feel guilty about eating. Very good.If you're at all interested in Middle Eastern food (and I hear they have amazing Falafel), then this place is definitely worth a try.
4	I wanted to share the pleasant experience I had at Sababa with the general public. First I'd like to start off by saying that I lived in Israel for many years and have been longing for a place to enjoy authentic Israeli cuisine in Pittsburgh for some time now. Previous attempts at creating an Israeli dinning experience in Pittsburgh have failed miserably mostly due to politics with local religious population and their proprietary dietary laws and related expenses..Sababa is located in the heart of Squirrel Hill's restaurant district primarily consisting of well established and highly competitive Pizza Shops. The location was formerly occupied by Mr. Willies a Barbecue/Soul Food Restaurant that left much to be desired. I certainly hope people with stop in now to rediscover just how vastly different of restaurant this space has become.To begin with, Sababa has an open and spacious feel to it. The Dinning room is bi sectioned so that it can accommodate both more of a casual (perhaps Lunch) experience and a moderately more formal experience. The Individual Tables are lined with white Table clothes, donned with a white paper cover and set with wrapped Silverware. Each table has a clay potted herb at it's center which provides for a very rustic feel. Immediately upon entry you can see the food serving counter and the highlight of the restaurant which is it's revolving Shawarma spit.In order to fully appreciate the casual nature of the Sababa's food and menu, you need to understand the casualness of Israeli food and Israeli culture. This type of food and establishment is the equivalent to a Subway or a Taco Bell within Israeli culture. This is very down to earth rustic simple food that is the basis of the Israeli diet and casual eating experience. However, American society and etiquette force this type of eatery into the restaurant category.Bearing that in mind I think Sababa does a really good job at balancing the two. I had wanted to try the Shawarma Lafa but the waitress quickly informed me that they were all out of Lafa for the day. This is actually pretty common even in Israel itself. So I started with the stuffed grape leaves as an appetizer and I was pleasantly surprised to find them to be fresh and home made. They were served well presented on a small white plate with a small cup of lemon juice in the center. Along with my appetizer cam a basket with a fresh hot home made pita and a small ramekin with middle eastern green and brown olives. These were fresh as well. I requested a Shawarma Pita with everything inside. It quickly arrived shortly after my appetizer and immediately I could smell the wonderful and familiar aroma of the Shawarma. I could taste and smell the Hawaiij spice used in the Shawarma they even drizzled it with Amba sauce if I'm not mistaken, and that is extremely rare in the U.S. With the fresh Israeli salad, radicchio, and brine pickles spears, mixed with the Hummus. The spicy meaty, salty and sour flavors explode in wonderful harmony as you eat this this Shawarma. I didn't try their deserts but I look forward to sampling their Baklawa upon my imminent return.Thank you Sababa for offering Pittsburgh delicious food.
5	I had a really good experience at Sababa tonight. We had two appetizers--falafel plate and the Rainbow, which is a seven-dish sampler platter. For us, the Rainbow included stuffed grape leaves, roasted red pepper, pickled egglplant, hummus, baba ganoush, tabouleh, and a cucumber-tomato salad. The roasted red pepper was particularly wonderful, but everything was flavorful and well-seasoned. The falafel was also great--perfectly cooked and very tasty with its hummus garnish.Both plates were plated very attractively. The Rainbow in particular was great--it was served in attractive small coral-colored dishes arranged on a lazy susan, perfect for sharing with a group.The pita bread was also fresh, poofy, and wonderful. I am guessing that their falafel pita sandwich would be a pretty great lunch.After sharing these appetizers, my wife and I were full but we ate baklava anyway. It was great--walnut filling inside, pistachio on top. It was not as drenched in honey as some baklavas, and that could be a plus or minus depending on your tastes.The only negative is that the place is BYOB. However they don't seem to charge a corkage / glass fee, so that's something.The restaurant on the whole has a very nice atmosphere--white table cloths, clean and light decor--but it's cheap. There are many options at $10 per person or less.
4	Yes, there are a lot of places for Middle Eastern food in Squirrel Hill.  Sababa's a newcomer, and I hope it sticks around the neighborhood.The Rainbow, a sampler of all the appetizers, is a must-try dish.  I agree with Henry T. in that the roasted red pepper is the star appetizer, though the pickled eggplant was a close second for me.  The stuffed grape leaves were a bit mushy, and the red cabbage salad and the cucumber-tomato salad could have both used a little vinegar, but these appetizers were still tasty.  (Vegetarians: every appetizer is veg-friendly.  I may even just get the Rainbow to eat as my main course on future visits).Major bonus: the complimentary pita here--unlike some similar Squirrel Hill establishments--is served warm.  And it's the nice fluffy kind.For my entree, I got the shakshuka, which had two eggs over easy in a tomato-pepper-onion stew, and which came out in an individual frying pan.  Nothing fancy, but enjoyable.  My brother seemed to enjoy the shwarma, and noted that the rice and lentils that he had chosen as his side was good, too.  Since my brother was in the mood for watermelon, we got that as our dessert.  Holy moly that was a lot of watermelon--maybe a quarter of a fairly large fruit.Our waitress was very pleasant and at one point the chef came over to our table to see if we were enjoying the food.  We most definitely were, and I'll come back again.
5	Wow, easily one of my favorite meals in Pittsburgh!!!Went in today with the bf because of a Groupon deal that we purchased and I have to say, I was very impressed. Not only was the service excellent (even though they knew they were serving a bunch of Groupon-ers), the owner came around to ask if we enjoyed our meals... and of course, the food itself was fantastic (filling, but not too heavy). The bf and I ordered the Falafel Platter, Hummus, and the Combo Grill Platter. Let's just say, no stragglers were left behind. :) Definitely looking forward to coming back here -- the bright decor, the friendly staff, and delicious food. What's not to love?!
4	Consistently good food!
4	Had a Groupon for Sababa Grill so went for a quick lunch during the week.  The restaurant is open and inviting.We ordered the hummus sababa to start, and highly recommend it.  The hard-boiled eggs were a nice addition.  The pita served with the hummus was warm and fresh, but it would have been nice to get more pita (just a testament to the generous serving of hummus!)We both had the falafel sandwich, and it was great.  The size is perfect for lunch, and the price is right.Am planning to return for dinner; would recommend this place for someone needing a break from Aladdin's!
5	This is a phenomenal Middle Eastern restaurant, definitely the best I've ever had and I consider myself somewhat of a connoisseur.  The interior is decorated in a warm, inviting peach tone and the picture windows offer a fantastic street view.  We didn't know, but it's BYOB and the couple sitting next to us was sharing a bottle of wine.I ordered a cup of mint tea and was pleasantly surprised when they brought me a steeping hot mug with fresh mint floating in it....wonderful!  We started off with hummus sababa, which was very generously sized; the hummus was drizzled with lemon, olive oil parsley and flourished with hard boiled eggs.  The pita that came with it was hot, soft and very tasty.  I couldn't stop eating it.  We shared a large bowl of lentil soup, probably the best I've ever had.I was nearly full when our main dishes arrived.  We ordered from the quick bites section (priced $6 to $10 for large portions) instead of the entree section, the only difference being that the entrees come with sides.  I ordered the kababa lafa wrap, which is shaved ground beef with herbs and spices, and my husband ordered the falafel lafa wrap.  Each was seasoned perfectly, with the falafel having bits of pepper in it that gave it a wonderful flair, but I liked the kababa best because it was melt-in-your mouth perfection.Needless to say, we were too full to order dessert but we had a delightful experience.  The owner came around mid-meal and drifted from table to table to make sure everyone's dining experience was good, it was a personal touch that really topped off the evening.  The only complaint I have is that it closes at 9 PM.
4	The sad, icky ghost of Mr. Willy's did not curse Sababa!  The owners have really transformed this space, and the food-- the food!  The falafel was so fresh and crispy and not greasy.  The hummus had a great texture, and the pita bread was warm and poufy.  The main courses come with rice, majadra or fries, and you get fresh grilled veggies.  My shwarma was really delicious.  The baklava is made in more of an Israeli fashion than the Lebanese-style baklava I've had before, but it was still pretty good.While we were eating the cook/owner came out to greet us and was really welcoming.  They're BYOB, but didn't charge us a corkage fee for our bottle of wine.  My kind of place!
5	We had the Shwarma with rice and lentils and grape leaves. The grape leaves were perfect, not to tart, not to grimmey. The Shwarma was also fantastic with the meat perfectly done. This is a great new place that will do great because of the quality of food.
4	I had a combination platter with shwarma and chicken shishlik.  The shwarma was good but wasn't really to my tastes, but my boyfriend really liked it.  The chicken shishlik was phenomenal!  The chicken was very tender and so flavorful.  The rice was cooked to perfection.The only problem we had was that we waited quite a while for our food.  But since we were sitting at the counter, the owner of the restaurant apologized to us multiple times.  It wasn't a big deal, we were enjoying talking to each other and watching the cooks.
1	I found this place thanks to Groupon, as did many other people.  The seating arrangement when we were there was... awkward.  Over the years, I've gotten used to getting crammed into tiny booths, breathing down the necks of my neighbors while I casually rub my elbows against them.  Sababa had the opposite problem.  There was so much space that it feels empty.  This isn't a bad problem per se, but it just felt odd.What really ruined the experience was the service.  Our server took our order, brought us water, and then never returned.  There comes a point where a server should come to tell the customer "hey, the kitchen's really backed up, we're sorry."  It's not much, I'm not asking for a free meal or anything, but our server just didn't stop at our table at all.  She continued to walk by us, give other people water, and take other tables' orders.  The owner finally came out and gave us our appetizer and said our dessert was on the house (though we didn't order dessert).  An awful experience all around, and I whole-heartedly suggest you avoid this place.The food itself was generic and mediocre- really nothing to write home about.
1	Ewwww.  The shawarma was gross.  I really don't know what Sababa uses for spice on this dish but STOP!  And a really simple dish to make is Taboule...but somehow Sababa managed to put way too much bulgur into it.  Very disappointing.  Will NOT waste my money, my time or my taste buds on such lackluster middle eastern food again.
2	Food was ok.  Hummus, baba, pita, and lentil soup were fantastic.  My chicken schwarma on rice was very dry.  Desserts were good, with the exception of the chocolate mousse.  Service was poor,  our waitess regularly forgot to bring things out, which can be looked past.  The real kicker was we couldn't get water if we offered to pay for it.  She often disappeared or wouldn't stop by for lengthy periods of time.  At one point, after dessert, we started rationing water among the remaining glasses at the table because it was obvious we weren't going to get any from her any time soon.  And this was on a wednesday night when it wasn't even that busy.  The chef was nice enough to come to our table and check up a few times.  All in all, decent food, but wouldn't go back.
3	Killllerrr hummus and pita! Seriously fresh pita bread and the hummus tastes amazing. Only problem was the appetizer came out as a huge plate of hummus and only 4 small pita squares. Hummus to pita ratio was pretty weak, especially for 4 people. All we had to do was ask for more bread, and the server was happy to bring us a warm basket. The falafel wrap was really good, falafel was very tasty wrapped in hummus, tomato and cucumber. The service was on the slow side like the other reviews, but it wasn't a problem. The server was friendly and the cook/owner? came to our table to ask how everything was, always a classy move. The other dishes at the table were a vegetable couscous (average) and two shawarmas, which were much enjoyed. I'd go back - good prices, byob, good food!
4	We had a Living Social coupon here and decided to try out Sababa, and we were not disappointed. The pitas were as good as any I've ever had and the baba ghanooj was fantastic. I've been raised to consider Ali Baba hummus the gold standard but this was basically as good. We loved every item on the "Rainbow" variety platter.  Our waitress was a bit slow but that couldn't detract from the excellent experience. I would come here again to dine in or order takeout.Also, the baklava was unlike any I've ever had before--a circular roll, not a flat pastry like I've usually seen in the past. It was delicious!
4	We kept being thwarted in our attempts to go to Sababa.  Other plans would come up, or they'd be closed for Passover, but finally the stars aligned and we went in on a Saturday to use my Groupon (before it expired in like, a week.  Down to the wire).  We were hungry early, so I think we were there around 545ish.There weren't too many people in the restaurant, so we got to pick where we sat, and we took a table by the window.  The server opened up our bottle of wine and brought out some glasses (BYOB with $5 corkage fee).  The room was brightly colored, sunny from the big windows, and inviting.  We made our selections - hummus sababa, the falafel platter, and chicken shwarma.Hummus Sababa came out first - it was regular hummus, with a pool of olive oil, some chopped parsley, lemon, whole chickpeas, and a quartered hard boiled egg.  Jazzed-up hummus.  It was served with four hot, puffy pitas, and we LOVED it.  The pita was different - thicker and fluffier than usual - turns out they get it shipped from Israel!  They'll sell it to you to take home for 80 cents a pita, and I recommend you get yourself a little bag.The falafel platter was also delicious - like everyone says, the falafel is fresh, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  I think there is cilantro chopped up inside it because the inside is green, which makes it look awesome.I was a big fan of the chicken shwarma.  Not the most creative entree choice I know, but I was totally validated for my boringness when I saw how NOT boring the shwarma was.  It was flavorful, bursting with spice, and crispy!  As if it had just come off a grill.  Served over mild mujadra (lentils and rice) with delicious grilled vegetables (love that smoky taste), I was in heaven.  We took some home, and it made nommy leftovers.The prices are a smidge high, but the portions are pretty big and it's overall much fresher and tastier than most Middle Eastern food.  Maybe it's because it's Israeli as opposed to the usual Lebanese, but it tasted different, and special somehow.  It's so great to know we have this place in our neighborhood, it'd be perfect to take friends and family for a nice meal out.
5	Two words: spanish eggplant. We were also lured here by living social. The place is sunny, spacious and cheerful. And I was quite impressed with our server. When the place filled up completely at lunch, she handled all of the tables with just a bit of help from a friendly owner/chef. And she still found time to constantly refill the iced teas of two people who hydrate like camels in an oasis. We ordered the rainbow appetizer platter and a falafel sandwich. Both were huge and awesome. The spanish eggplant dip on the sampler platter was one of the best things I have eaten in my life. I would come back to order a bowl to eat with a spoon. Or throw it in a blender with ice and vodka for a savory daiquiri. So good. I am definitely going back for dinner to use that $5 corkage fee. Often.
4	Just popped in again to say we got takeout from here, and it was still delicious.  We also tried the "kababa" which I think was like a kofte kabab, ground herbed meat wrapped around a skewer.  It was delicious and pretty juicy.  The schwarma, mujadara, and hummus sababa continue to be good as well.  So eat here.  Order confidently.  Carry on.
3	I took me quite a long time to get over their dry-heave-inducing Comic Sans sign outside, but I finally made it in. I was craving some shwarma. Then the waitress informed me they were out of shwarma (their signature dish). Okaaaay, I got the chicken shishlik instead. It was pretty good, wish there had been more vegetables though. I think it was rather high priced at $16. For $16 I expect there to be some leftovers for me to take home. The waitress we had was adequate...apathetic, but did what she needed to do.
5	Used a coupon from Groupon and I am so ridiculously happy I did. The price of the food was outstanding. I'm a foodie- I don't mind spending money. However, when I can find a location that can deliver a pleasant atmosphere, a warm and inviting owner, followed by delightful, delicious, and freshly prepare food- I felt COMPELLED to write a review. I went tonight with my husband. They provide you with complementary fresh pickled beets. These are not those soggy/vinegar laden ones served at grandma's house. These were crisp yet soft, and tangy yet spicy. Very delicious.For our 1st course we shared the Rainbow - this is a spread of 7 different appetizers: including grape leaves, hummus, Israeli salad, Turkish babaganush, pickled cucumbers and carrots. More than enough for two people! We brought home leftovers. The accompany pita bread was fresh and warm. For dinner we both ordered the Shwarma - it is their signature dish. Thin slices of broiled chicken and lamb. We had the choice of white rice, french fries, majadra (rice and lentils) or steamed broccoli. We both chose the majadra and neither of us were disappointed.Anyone that complained about service is a worry wort. Service was laid back. I think too many people are used to fast food restaurant chains that operate with in-your-face servers. Relax people, take a load off, and enjoy the delicious food which is VERY reasonably priced, served and owned by warm and delightful people.PS: Ask for extra tahini for your Shwarma. The owner recommended that we try it and neither of us were disappointed!
4	Went for an early dinner thanks to Groupon.  Food was delicious, service was excellent.  Slightly overpriced but the quality really stood out, it was worth it.  The falafel was different and delicious.  But the spanish eggplant was to die for, so so so so good.  Can't wait to go back and get more.
5	Best falafal I have ever had.  Both dining experiences included sitting at the bar looking at the kitchen.  This was awesome because the head chef gave us personal attention through out the meal.  Everything was delicious.
3	My husband and I loved this place when it first opened.  Like, seriously loved it.  We came here pretty frequently because their chicken is addictive.  Dark, juicy, perfectly seasoned meat that was prepared fresh, all wrapped up in a fluffy pita... just thinking about it makes me want to cry and salivate at the same time.But recently, Sababa has been letting us down.  Whenever we get the chicken shishlik (or however you actually spell it), sometimes the pita doesn't seem fresh (it's started to go hard) or the amount of chicken to pita is off (not enough chicken) or, and this is the worse part, the chicken would be tough in places, indicating that it was probably cooked a while ago and just reheated.  I know that one of the issues is that when they first opened, the chicken took forever, because it was made to order.  But it was worth the wait!  Now, I think they precook some stuff and just throw it together.  And it simply isn't as good.  So, slowly, we've given up on it.I'm going to give you one more try Sababa.  Don't disappoint me again.One thing to note - the chicken is pricey.  But, given how good it is/was, we were more than willing to pay it.
4	Besides the fact that it's incredibly clean and friendly inside, THE FOOD! The hummus is perfect. It comes paired with freshly baked pita, still warm from the oven. I've had it twice now and it never fails to melt me into a pool of happiness. The appetizers are all pretty swell, but what'll knock your socks off is the meat. The schwarma is so tender and delicious and the kababa is unlike anything I've ever tried in my life. I am a fan!
4	I came here with my friend because he had a Groupon that was about to expire (I know we all hate reviews that start this way, so my apology). Since we weren't planning on a long meal, we went a little before 8:30. They close at 9pm, according to the hours posted on their door. I thought that meant that they stopped seating around 9, but apparently the kitchen closes at 8:30...whoops. Thankfully, they still let us order, so the Groupon didn't go to waste.We made a hasty decision and just got the shwarma, babaghanough, and lebanese salad. Everything was delicious! The baba was a little different than I'm used to (creamier and less smoky) but I still liked it. The best part of my meal was, oddly enough, the pita. It's fluffy! I don't know anywhere else in Pittsburgh that serves fluffy pita! Unfortunately, we felt super rushed. Although our server assured us not to rush, we still got that vibe since everything was being put away and the other people working there were literally staring at us sending death stares to get out of the restaurant. Plus, they forgot to give us water. Because of all this, we didn't really get to enjoy our meal to the fullest. I also thought the prices were a little high compared to other Middle Eastern places. I'd still give it another shot, though.
5	I love the food here and just visited a few days ago, but Groupon just notified holders of outstanding Groupons that this place has closed. It seems so sudden and I'm really bummed out about it.
5	I just heard this place closed. What a bummer. Their food was amazing. The owner was so pleasant and wonderful. What a loss for Pittsburgh.
5	I love this great middle eastern restaurant. My family and friends spent all night of New Year 2012 here and the staff went out of their way to make sure we had a first rate experience. This is a great place to rent out for an event and comfortably seats 45 people. Mansoor (sp) is great! His restaurant and banquet hall is definitely worth a visit. They will even learn how to cook your favorite dish, in our case that was the olivie salad.
