4	This is the 'Beltway' 99 Cents Only and my favorite location because they seem to have more space and extra stock. I love 99 Cents Only and have shopped at several of the other locations over the years, but this is the only one I've been to that actually has a gourmet foods section. Plus, they regularly have brown rice in stock. For me, the chance to get that at a quarter of the price of a comparable supermarket, that alone is worth a stop.Purchases on my most recent visit included organic kidney beans, low sodium soy sauce (again, a quarter of the price I've seen it at a local supermarket), the biggest bag of dried Bay Leaves I've ever seen (for 99 cents!), an armful of bottles of bath gel, and Yeardley of London soap. There was also a selection of fresh produce available, but the garlic was from China and the peppers were from Mexico, and I personally prefer produce that's grown closer to home.Two complaints: the store isn't regularly stocked. The brown rice I love so much is sometimes totally unavailable. On my most recent visit all that was left in the pasta section was rotini, penne, and shrimp flavored Top Ramen.  The other issue I have with the store is how sketchy their electronic payment system seems to be. Several times I've been in the store when the system went down and they were unable to take debit or credit card payments. Anyone who didn't have cash had to wait to pay. (Note: no checks are accepted, ever.) But the benefits outweigh the complaints for me, and I'm there regularly.Don't be a snob and miss out on what might be a great find.
3	Great store! they have everything. not name brands, really, but good stuff. can't beat the prices. super store! buy lots of butter and save lots of bread :)
5	This is the best one (hands down) in a great neighborhood- way on the west side, in a strip mall with more shopping opportunities (Ross, Wal-Mart). The best selection- I once got $30 worth of stuff! We went here twice and both times, we ended up with lots of deals. Very clean and spacious, not crowded (lesser known maybe?), and a great place for guilt-free shopping.  If we're in the area, we're stopping.
4	Who isn't on a budget nowadays? Sure shopping in places with brand names and other stores ups one's self-esteem but if the pocket ain't getting a good boost, it does nobody good. This is the store that gets the dollar all what it is worth! Bread, water, fruits, vegetables, sausages, spices, canned food, kitchen ware, gift bags, clothing, cleaning items, batteries, bathroom goods, candies, cooking needs, and many more that anyone just  might find value of. The store looks like any grocer shop. Clean. So, extra bucks for something else... Budget or not, shop as much, cost less is very good.
3	Good store with a lot of products that I'd actually use.   It is a really good savings on groceries.  The place is well laid out, but it can get messy because of the other shoppers.The only issue I've experienced at the times I've gone is that there is a very long line to check out.  It's a small price to pay for the savings that can be had.  Be prepared to wait up to 15+ minutes to check out!
4	I don't come here very often, but whenever I do, I end up loading up a whole little basket full of goodies. This location (possibly all of them) sometimes has Pillsbury cookie dough and it's usually the seasonal ones that run about $3 a box in grocery stores. I you don't know which ones I'm talking about, here's a pic: http://couponingfordeals.files.wordpress.com/2009/12/3332013838_9940816307.jpg. They only have them once in a long while, so whenever I happen to be in the store when they have them in stock, I get at least 5 boxes. That's FIVE for the price of two. Other than the amazingly cheap cookie dough, I've gotten lots of cleaning supplies, school supplies, locks for the gym, eggs, party supplies, gift wrap, and so much more. The only complaint I have about this location is that the lines really suck sometimes and they don't seem to open up more than 2-3 cash registers at a time.
4	I love this place, you never know what you might find in the refridgerator section.  I recently found some chocolate type mousse that are made in italy and bought every single one of them that they had on their shelf (they are sooo yummy)  Although the store is often unorganized in certain section, I still always find good things here and I shop here often.  The major problem that will never go away with any dollar store is the check out lines are HORRRRRIBLE!!!!  They are slow, they never have enough cashiers on and when they are backed up, you can't even get around to the next aisle if need be.
5	Love this location! I have been frequenting these stores since the first day that they opened and this one is my favorite one by far!Great deals on food here. You get a lot of the name brands here at 99.99 cents ($1. They had to raise prices due to the recession! lol!) just keep a close eye on expiration dates! All good as far as I'm concern. Nothing a trusty deep freezer can't handle!Outside of food, I get great deals on fabric softener, toiletries and office supplies on lucky days. One of my favorite places to shop. In here at least a couple times per month. Haven't seen my favorite cashier in a while which is a bummer (Andrea), but still like the others that are here! Highly recommend!
3	Very busy store. Sometimes long lines but it usually goes pretty quick. Some of the stuff they have is a pretty good deal, 99cents sometimes 2/99cents! Not the biggest 99 cent store in town but it's close. There's still something's I refuse to buy at these stores because I don't know where it comes from or how it was handled. The store can be messy too.I usually go in hoping to get something in particular but end up spending at least 5-10$ on other thing I suddenly decided I really needed
4	I've recently become a 99 Cents store disciple, follower and TRUE BELIEVER.Okay, that sounded totally nuts, but hear me out....I always thought dollar stores were dumping grounds for expired foods, crappy off-brands, and basic junk.  Turns out, there is actual value to be had.  For example:1. Enormous containers of Zico coconut water.  Everywhere else, $4.99.  Here, .99 cents. NOT EXPIRED.2. Car sunshade.  $8.00 at Walmart. .99 cents here.3. Gift Bags.  $3.50 at Smiths. .99 cents here.4. Shaving Cream.  $3.00 at Smiths. .99 cents here.5. Organic Raisins.  $6.00 at Whole Foods.  Well, you get the picture....While I can't buy everything here, I do think you can get some great deals.  I now exclusively buy mangos here because they are better than any other store in Las Vegas (including Whole Foods).  There is also a large variety of items, from saws, produce, mylar baloons, to even pregnancy tests (yes, .99 cents), they pretty much have everything.Add in a clean store and good parking, I think this is a good stop.
4	I just went in here and spent over 50.00 on a whim.. This place has a lot of things that you normally don't see at a dollar store!!!! So I love their selection cause most of it is different! I'm always in this place!
3	This location is pretty basic as far as 99 cent stores is concerned. They have a nice selection of all the basic things you find at 99 cent stores.  On this occasion I was searching for Halloween decorations. They had pretty large selection, but there wasn't a lot of variety. It is pretty rare that I walk out of a store like this without having purchased anything, but this has happened on a few occasions at this location, so it's not my favorite 99 cent store in town.
3	I don't visit dollar stores often and when I do, it's usually with my mother. However, it does seem worthwhile to gander. Among the faded boxes and labels of non-perishable foods, generic brand toys, home supplies, and hygienic products, are new, low-priced items. Frequently, my mom and I have found food items that are typically new concepts for established brands that are barely available in regular grocery stores. For example, Special K Popcorn Chips, Quaker Popped Chips, Lean Cuisine Steamer Meals, Oscar Mayer Sandwich Meats, etc. All for just $0.99 and once depleted, gone forever and then found in your local grocery stores for 3-4 dollars more (their normal prices). It seems like testing periods or a way to introduce consumers to products. Either way, these are good buys.Other worthwhile products are seasonings and party supplies. I've purchased a couple seasonings (chili powder and dried oregano) due to their quantity and price. No complaints on quality either. The party supplies aren't of spectacular quality, but for plates, utensils, and decorations that are disposed quickly, it's perfect.The best time to visit is early in the morning because that's usually when they stock. Also, if you really like something you find, buy a lot of it because it will not be there when you return.
2	Every time I've been here, I've had to wait so long in line. I once had to wait 15 minutes to purchase the 1 thing I had ran in to grab. The other 99c stores I've been to aren't like that; they normally push people through the lines fairly quickly. Not this location. I don't know what it is, but it's a long wait every.single.time.
4	This place is the ghetto target without being in the hood.Yes everything is practically under 99 cents but a lot of it is junk. Becareful buying some food products as they are clearly labeled made in China. Please no hate mail I love china and the Chinese ...but if you stay up on current affairs you will recall that they have had issues with their food production both for Humans and pets.This place is a fund place just to roam around....but man do they have a ton of dreck.
