3	Don't know about the drinking but the food here is nice. Dropped in for hangover brunch a few times and the french toast with bacon and maple syrup sorts you right out. My mouth is watering just thinking about it Service can be a bit hit and miss, but the vibe is relaxed so it's no great shakes if the food takes a bit of time.
3	Nice local bar in Bruntsfield area , serves good selection of beers/lagers but expensive for both food and drinks. Bar is usually well staffed so not waiting too long to get served or you can have table service if you can get a table.
1	A truly nasty place. Bad food I can forgive. Bad service too. But a place which deliberately treats its customers like ignorant dross? True story: I once met one of the partners behind this local chain of equally rip-off outlets at a social event. He proudly described to me his philosophy of catering. Give them cheap crap but dress it up to look and sound pretentious and they'll be happy, because the people we cater to have no real taste at all and will swallow anything if it's in trendy surroundings, and sounds a bit fancy without being too unusual, and costs a lot. And the sad thing is that he's pretty much spot-on about the nouveau riche middle agers who gag for his formula. Even the name of the place is appropriately pompous, since the local streets opposite from which they take their name are in fact traditionally pronounced 'Mont-peel-ee-urs'. Yet the owners of course insist on making it sound like the Mediterranean town renowned for thieves and pickpockets. Come to think of it, maybe that's not so inappropriate after all
4	I don't know what it is, but there's something about Montpeliers that I really quite like...The bar/restaurant is part of a group in Edinburgh, owned by the same people who have Ricks, Opal, Tigerlilly etc  - for those who don't know, these are the 'posh' and 'fancy' bars in Edinburgh. The ones you have to wear the nice jewelry and extra mascara for. Not usually my cup-of-tea, but Montpelier is somewhat different....let me explain.It is located in Bruntsfield, which is, in my opinion, Edinburgh's best kept secret. The small community has a really strong sense of family and security, which is embodied in Montpelier. In the summer you can sit outside on the busy street, Bruntsfield Place, and watch the world go by with a glass of vino. I always tend to form my opinion of a bar by the temperature of their white wine, I like mine verging on frozen, and my friends Montpelier's wine could give you frost-bite. They had a great selection of wine, as well as an extensive drinks menu for your pleasure. Whether choosing to sit in the ultra-chic woven seats outside or the ultra-trendy cosy sofa's inside, you would look trendy even if you're in your pyjamas. I saw Susan Boyle sitting outsite Montpeliers only last week, and she actually looked chic...!Food-wise, there isn't a great selection, but every Sunday they do a great roast - great for hangovers and comfort food. The restaurant is small-ish, but quite cosy. There is always an atmosphere and it's always busy, no matter what time it is.My only complaint would be the price - it is very expensive. I would recommend, therefore, that you make your visit to Montpelier a treat, only visit now and again.I went to Montpelier on a first-date and it was perfect. Busy enough but quiet enough, but the bank was well and truly broken after 2 drinks each. You'll be glad to know that that romance went on for 18 months, but, sadly, ended. Even though I shouldn't, I would still go to Montpeliers for a drink with another suitor because the whole experience is too valuable to write off.SO, to conclude, Montpelier would be the PERFECT place to go on a first date, or for a nice drink before a big event. It's a special place, so make the visits special.I don't know what it is, but there's something about Montpeliers that I really quite like...
3	With heaters and seating outside and a plush interior, Montpeliers is a reliable choice for a casual drink. Having a swanky bar in the middle of Bruntsfield (an area in the outskirts of the city) is something of a luxury and for that you'll pay extra. Regardless of this, the lager selection is great and judging by the raspberry mojito my friend had they do good cocktails too. You'll often see a group of casual drinkers underneath its exterior canopy, sharing the warmth of the heaters on one of Edinburgh's chilly nights.
2	Montpelier's in Bruntsfield seems to have all the ingredients necessary to be a stylish local bar and eatery, and to be fair, it is quite a stylish venue for a drink or something to eat. Unfortunately, it is yet another place to fall into the all style and no substance trap. Having had a few enjoyable evenings here sampling the bar's wares, I thought it would be a good place to go for dinner. I was wrong. On paper the food does sound really tasty, unfortunately the tastiness doesn't seem to transfer onto the plate; more than half of the party were unhappy with their meals - complaints ranged from soggy batter on the fish to a veggie burger that was tasteless and stodgy. The service was overtly intrusive, barely five minutes would pass before a wait person would be interrupting us and asking if everything was ok or if we were ok for drinks and when we confronted our waiter with the sorry state of our food he didn't seem to know what to do. I'm pretty sure Montpelier's can do better than this.
3	I popped in here for lunch with a friend the other day, and I was sadly disappointed. Montpeliers looks like it has everything you need for a perfect lunch, but it failed to deliver. The waitress should quit her day job and become a sales woman as she can managed to make everything so much better than it was. She sold the special to me as homemade pitta bread with brie and carried on to describe such a delicious meal that I couldn't resist. I ended up with pitta bread from Tesco, a few slabs of Brie and some rocket. Talk about bland and unfilling. My friend had a burger which she was more than happy with and I was stupidly jealous of. Luckily there was a buy one get one free on mains so it only came to around a tenner. Otherwise I would have had a problem paying 9 pound for that pretty shoddy lunch. Sad to say I doubt I will be back.
3	I've since broken up with that no-good, sleaze of a boyfriend that took me here on a first date. Twat.I've not realised that Mont Peliers isn't as great as I once thought! It's really really expensive, it's difficult to get to if you just want a drink - if you come here for a drink then you can't really go anywhere else without a taxi or a 25 minute walk. pfft.It's small too, there are never enough seats and the outside ones are full of smokers!It's alright though, not great, just alright. If you want to go here then it's not a bad place to be. Although the food takes AGES to come.
3	Out in a wealthy yet fairly quiet suburb, everything about Montpelier's, from the name, to the way they write their menus, to the decor, screams out the type of insufferable customer they're after.If you're thrilled by wealth, shallow, and have no personality or capability of thinking for yourself, then Montpeliers is for you. It does it's job perfectly well, but it's of no interest to me whatsoever.
3	Considering I spend most weekends only 2 minutes walk from this place, the fact I've only been in a handful of times tells it's own story.  Yes it's fine for a glass of wine or a beer, but it's full of those 'big fish in a small pond' types and subsequently prices are a bit on the steep side. You can get decent deals on meals and that's the only only reason I'd return now.  The menu and food are pretty good.
3	Montpeiliers is ... fine.  It's A-OK.  It doesn't have any specific charm, it  serves edible food, it has reasonably standard drinks, and it's a bit over priced.  But, it's near where I work, and it serves drinks.  Every time I come here I wonder, do the clientele just come here because it's convenient?  Because it has outside seating and heat lamps?  Quite possibly.  That's certainly why I frequent it.  It just feels so soulless.  It surely must be part of a chain because there is absolutely nothing unique about it.  But, at the end of the day, you know you will get a reasonable meal, a reasonable drink, with reasonable service, and the toilets will be clean.  A-OK.
3	Whenever I want to indulge my alcoholism after work, and can't be bothered going further afield, I come here.  I had a job interview yesterday and definitely needed a drink after.. but the fabulousness of a pint was somewhat destroyed by the fact that two pints with a bag of crisps cost ALMOST 10 POUNDS.  *soul destroyed*
5	Went here earlier tonight with my dad, we're in Scotland on holiday for a few days.  He had the leg of lamb, I had the seared tuna steak.  A delicious dinner (and a few rounds of drinks) at a reasonable price.  Waitstaff was friendly and pleasantly talkative.  I will go again when I am able and am already singing this restaurant's praises to my friends.
3	I really liked the vibe here but was disappointed with the food. It nicely decorated and the lighting is perfect, verging on dark which is quite relaxing for some reason. I had the pan fried halloumi salad but was not impressed. the cheese was cold and it shouldn't have been. maybe it had been sitting in the kitchen for a while before it came out, which is a shame because this place is fairly elegant and I reckon their other food is good. I'd go back as like I say, its a nice place to hang out. I sat and head the Hunger Games for over an hour and couldn't believe a whole hour had passed...
4	bruntsfield is a corner of edinburgh that houses a number of lovely places, from shops to cafes to restaurants and a theatre.  although i am sad that the peckahms has been closed and turned into a sainsburys!  however,nestled among all the rest is montpeliers offering breakfast, lunch, and dinner in classy but cosy surroundings.i often find myself headed to montpeliers when i'm in the bruntsfield area (most likely to see a movie at the dominion) and this place just hits the spot for me.  on sunday, the boyfriend and i went for sunday brunch before trying to get tickets to les miserables (the dominion was sold out :( so we had to resort to cineworld).  while the place wasn't overly busy, for some reason all the tables were reserved and when i asked to sit away from the door we were told that the only option was the bar.  to be honest, i didn't mind as the bar is a perfectly nice place to sit but i didn't see any customers enter the restaurant to be seated at those empty tables we were denied....anyway, we were handed menus and while i did ponder the more lunch options of the menu, when i saw the description of the vegetarian breakfast i knew that was what i was having.  eggs (scrambled, poached, or fried), veggie sausage, baked beans, potato scones, grilled tomato and mushrooms, and a spring onion and potato rosti.  this enormous plate also came with a side of toast!  everything on my plate was fresh and made to order, the eggs being creamy and not over cooked, the potato rosti having a nice crisp outside with a soft tasty inside, and potato scones just lightly fried.  i know it's breakfast and rather difficult to mess up, but it just really hit the spot for me :)i also like that instead of squeezing the toast on the side of the plate they brought it over in a nice basket with plently of butter to share between us.  the price for this breakfast also included a tea or coffee and a cup of orange juice.  apparently though you can't subsitute the orange for another juice, which sort of annoyed me as i wanted cranberry and had to pay extra for that.  my boyfriend got the extra orange juice so he was happy though.after many visits i remain a fan of montpeliers.  it's not fine dining, but it's good quality food in nice surroundings with friendly service.  there is also a nice cocktail list that i will have to try out one day if i ever make it for an evening visit!
5	Well priced.  The truffle wild mushroom pasta on the 2 or 3 course menu is good.  The 2 course for 10 pounds is great.  Almost too good the be true.  Don't skimp on wine.  The cheap wine here is indeed cheap wine. We ordered both and couldn't finish the other.  But the food and the atmosphere are great!
3	I had been wanting to try this place for a while as I had heard it had an amazing brunch (I'm slightly obsessed with eggs benny). So I decided to pop in for lunch. I tried the chicken and avocado sandwich with chips. It was good, the bread was quite big but tasted fresh and good. The chicken itself was nothing spectacular but overall I ate it quite happily. Its a nice place to go with the wee one. We sat on this huge couch where my daughter had a great time bouncing around. Very comfortable with child and we met other mama's with children there too!
4	I've been here three times. Once for a Christmas dinner, once for lunch and more recently another night coerced by friends to go for a drink after our exercise class, which felt really uncomfortable as it was a Thursday night and everyone was really dressed up apart from us in our running gear, and cycling helmets with us! To be fair no one even looked at us but I don't normally go to bars looking like this so I felt a bit weird. For the christmas dinner they were able to cater well for a big group of people (around 20 of us), and the food was great both times I ate here. The decor is really nice and I like the low lighting. I'd never thought of Montpeliers as a bar to just go into for a drink but there were lots of people in there for just drinks and though it's not necessarily a big bar there's plenty of seating. I probably wouldn't choose to go there for drinks on a night out as I'm more likely to head into town, but for food I would definitely go back.
4	Great mid week drink offers cheap cocktails and wine yay!If you're looking for a quiet pint or a cheeky vino in Bruntsfield then Montpeliers is the place to visit. This well-stocked bar and restaurant is very stylish and comfortable, especially if you can snag one of the gigantic sofas. It's a cozy, laid-back, and welcoming place, just like a good bar should be. They have midweek happy hour specials on the drinks making it really good value. The food is alright though quality can vary a bit. I had a stirfry that had no veg and looked rather like dog food recently but have had much nicer things before so will put that down to being one of those things and hope it doesn't happen next time I go in!Montpeliers is probably one of the most popular pubs in Bruntsfield and it's always lively. Plus If the sun is shining you can sit at the tables on the street and watch the world passing by.
5	A last minute decision on a Tuesday evening without booking went superbly. The waiter could not have been more suave and helpful rolled into one. Having shown us to a leather buttoned couch on the 'bar' side of the restaurant we promptly listened to the specials of the day, ordered crisp wine and buried noses into menus. Mouth watering goats cheese and artichoke salad perfectly poised next to haddock fishcakes with a buttery tartar sauce could not have been devoured any quicker. Greed, and pace of consumption, is a fine measure at times. Summer lamb burger juiced with a cool mint sauce was jaw achingly awesome. The gnocchi; plump and inviting among an array of blue cheese, spinach and cherry tomatoes was near enough perfect. At ten schmackers for two courses per person, Montpeliers is a sure enough place to consume, converse and corroborate.
3	I like Montpeliers, it's a solid option along Bruntsfield. The food is usually decent and arrives in reasonable time. It's a typical gastro-pub option with a varied menu and good burgers. It's never particularly impressed me though; it's more an old reliable option when you're not sure where to take someone and want to make sure everything's hunky dory. It's usually extremely busy when I make an appearance and the packed feel of the restaurant doesn't bring anything to the party. Still, table service is quick and efficient and the staff are friendly.
4	I came here for a Saturday night dinner with my partner and parents, and we all had a great meal. The service was quick, although we did have to ask to place our orders, both for drinks and food. There was a female manager/supervisor on who was extremely attentive, and wore a constant smile despite the full restaurant and obviously stressed staff.I had a mojito which wasn't quite sweet enough for me, but I've only heard good things about their cocktails so I put that down to personal taste! We had a main course and a dessert, all of which were nice. The mains weren't massive, which worked well for us as we were going out for drinks later.I liked the decor and layout of the restaurant/bar, but I'm excited to see what is coming from their upcoming refurbishment! I would go back, but probably on a quieter night.
