5	Can't beat the price. And the service is great. Went on a weekday afternoon and did not have to wait for a lane at all.  Fun times will be shared by everyone!
2	Bowling & brews. How can you say no? The crowd is a mixture of all types.We had a lot of problems with the automatic scoring machine and were charged for an extra game and told us they couldn't take it off. Our machine quit working like 5 times during our 3 games and the place was busy so it took forever to locate someone to fix the thing.If we ever get the urge to bowl I think we will take our business elsewhere.
4	MUCH better than the bowling alley in Lawrenceville. The tiling, wood paneling, and the way the balls are shot back hark back to the 1970s. The staff were pretty friendly and we didn't have to wait for 2 lanes at 8 pm on a Saturday. You also can't beat the price.
4	Hidden bowling alley that is much larger than it looks on the outside, though still smallish.    They have 16 lanes.  Been here on the weekday for the special and most of the lanes were still free.    During the summer, they have SPECIALS where you can bowl as many games as you want for about 2 and half hours including getting shoe rentals for only $10 (Tue - Thurs 6 to 8:30 PM or 9 to 11:30 PM).  They still have this outside summer though it is reduced to two days per week.  Check their website for up to date information about when their specials are.  Otherwise, games are $3.50 each and $2 for shoe rentals.  They have a computerized scoring system like pretty much all the bowling alleys now.
3	Games are cheap, old school feel that sets a cool vibe. I think we were expecting more of a snack bar selection other than just nachos and hot dogs, but the beer made up for it. They have a good selection of house bowling balls and who doesn't dig velcro bowling shoes? Only downside was that everything is cash only, but there is an ATM inside so not to fret if you find yourself cash-less.
4	It's not fancy, there are no disco balls nor cosmic light shows, and it's forevermore 1970 at Forward lanes.  I hadn't been bowling since elementary school, but I'm positive Forward Lanes has had a facelift since before that, so we're even.  After being told that Arsenal Lanes had a ridiculous 3+ hour wait, we had a lane at Forward not even 20 minutes later (yes, including drive time).There are 16 lanes.  The shoes have velcro.  The bathroom was surprisingly clean.  The crowd was mostly non-drinking college kids on a Saturday night--definitely no serious bowlers.  There are, however, locker room and storage rentals for those looking for a bowling league experience.  FYI, ladies, the lightest bowling ball size was 9lbs,  which I used okay--but was told that a lighter ball would have been better for me.Concessions include 7oz mini beers by the bucket ($8.50 for domestic & $10 for Corona), Woodchuck Cider ($4), Mike's ($4), Slim Jims ($.99), and a full vending machine.  Just about what you'd need.CASH ONLY.  There is an ATM inside.
4	This alley was my first in the Pittsburgh area-- yes I'm a newbie. We ended up having a really nice time.I enjoyed the old feel that it had.. character I'd like to call it.The mini Coronas were adorable and they even had limes... I've been to bars that didnt have a lime for my beer so this was a plus! it wasn't too crowded at all.I've ventured out to other alleys in the city since coming here a year ago but this one is closer to home & i doubt that there would be a wait time for a lane on Saturdays.
5	I've been here many times with family and my little cousin even had a birthday party here. It can get busy here but it doesn't get crowded. I took my brother here (newbie bowler) and we had a great time. Today is Monday so we paid $1 for shoe rental and $2/game for each of us. We looked at the price list on our way out and the prices go up as the week goes on. Mondays, Tuesdays and Thursdays seem to be the most reasonably priced days to go, especially Mondays.
4	A group of 11 of us met up at Foward Lanes last night for a surprise birthday gathering for a friend. Not only was the company great, but the venue was a lot of fun, too! Yes, it's a little divey - and I was mildly concerned that the stairs leading to the bowling alley were going to collapse as we entered and exited - but it's actually pretty swanky compared to other local bowling alleys (such as Dormont Lanes).Though the beverage options were limited, there was a little something for everyone with options such as Bud Light, Yuengling, and Woodchuck Cider. The staff was very nice and polite, and the bathrooms were even (shockingly!) clean.
4	close and quiet.  My kids go for birthdays and always have fun!
1	Everything here is old. The owner is a dick. He treats his employees like trash (I was a larger kid and he told me to lose weight instead of getting me an XL employee shirt). And he still owes me $5 from unpaid time. Not worth going back for though. I would never patronize this place after meeting this man.
