4	I don't typically stray far from the always yummy Gyros, and I did not here.  This place is set apart because of it's huge menu, super friendly service, and they have Thrifty Ice Cream!  The restaurant was clean, the food was good, and everyone was all smiles.I'll be back for sure.
3	My oil change light was flashing at me for a month so I decided to go get my oil changed. The wait was going to be an hour so decided to take me and my book here and grab a bite. Considering it was lunch time, it was empty. I stood there trying to figure out what I wanted, I'm a libra I can't make up my mind for the life of me. Anyways I finally decide and they don't got it. I ended up just getting a chicken pita and an order of zuccini. Sat down after I got my food. Pita was good. Messy, but good. I wish they put hummus on it. THe zuccinni was a little mushy. I'd eat here again, but not craveworthy.
3	No way you'll replace King Gyros in my book! While the thrifty Ice cream in the corner did thrill me , I have to say I seriously doubt I will come back.   I know that this place must doing okay they have been on the corner many years  but I found nothing in the Gyro I had last night that who make me want to stop in again. The meat was dry and tasted like it had sat around. No jump out and grab you flavor.Now I have to go apologize to King Gyro , I hope he'll take me back.
3	Mr Gyros was Mr Good, if Mr Generic.   3.5 starsI had a Mr Gyros with fries and drink for $7.  The Mr Gyro was tasty, juicy, and fresh. The fries were done perfectly, and seasoned with a little (seasoning salt or paprika?) instead of just salt alone.  Yeah for having Mug Root Beer.  (Barq's has bite because it's got caffeine, in case anyone didn't know.)The Mr Menu is extensive -- you can get a Mr Burger, Mr Chicago Dog, Mr Falafel Sandwich, etc. (I'm only exaggerating a tiny bit)They do have a wide assortment of fare, boasting on the menu board that the onion rings, zuchinni, et al were homemade, but obviously the Pizza Pocket (tm) and other items are not.The place is full of brand name posters advertising that they use Kronos gyro meat, Vienna beef dogs, etc.  They do this like it's a good thing.   8^ |I scored a sweet pic of their 7 foot tall, sneaker and tube sock wearing, giant weiner squirting ketchup onto his own head.  Cah-Razy, man.
1	"That's all you need to know, right there, " she said, pointing up behind her head at a framed plackard from local news affiliate CBS 5 Dean's List.  It was dated from like 1996, or 2003, or something like that, I can't remember, but it wasn't very recent."What's that got to do with Customer Service?" I asked, completely perplexed.  I was just trying to tell her that I've had the same thing happen here twice now in two visits, where she is attending to personal business instead of her customer, ie me.  "Go on. (waving towards the door)  We been here 17 years.  We don't need YOU.""You haven't even listened to me.  I'm going to have to tell somebody about this.""I don't care.  I dont need to listen.  I'M the owner. Go." (she starts pacing back and forth behind the counter, like a caged animal or a person about to get in a fight)"You're the ONLY owner?  So you're saying your PARENTS work for YOU?  Here, and down the street at BurgerMania?""I'm the owner.   I don't care."A customer standing next to me, who's already received her order but has been waiting the entire time, come to find out, for Mrs. Rude to scoop her an ice cream cone, chimes in with, "I don't think she WANTS to listen to you."You think?!    Moments earlier, I'd stood at the counter ready to order, while she was digging red plastic baskets out of one of the trash containers in the lobby.  She saw me, and proceeded to continue what she was doing without acknowledging me, for a few more moments.Then she comes around the counter  -- no hand washing -- and proceeds to take my order.  $7.03 ... hand her my card, she swipes it but doesn't press any buttons on the card machine or the cash register.  ~On her phone laying on the counter, she continues the texting she originally started while taking my order.~It's taking forever, and she keeps going back and forth between the credit card reading machine and her phone laying on the counter.     -a few buttons pressed over here, -a few buttons pressed over thereFinally, I say "Forget it, this is the second time you've done something like this to me recently, and it's not acceptable to me.  I'm taking my business elsewhere."  "I WAS WAITING FOR THE MACHINE! "  she lamely attempts to defend."You were on the phone instead of doing what you should have been doing.""Go ahead.  I don't care.  That's all you need to know right there.".......and now you're up to date, back at the top of the review.WAIT!  I forgot to tell you about what happened last time:I go for a late lunch, and I'm after a Falafel sandwich, easy enough.Into a near empty dining room walks your humble narrator, and there's no one waiting in line at all, since it's 1 ish already.  A single patron is waiting at the counter for his food, engaged in personal conversation with our villain, Mrs Rude.As I stand patiently behind Chatty Customer Man, Mrs Rude makes no effort to wrap it up or otherwise acknowledge me as a waiting customer, despite having already made indisputable eye contact.  "Shit, Did they just change subjects?!?" I'm thinking to myself, as I make the Universal Signal for depicting the perfect combination of Hunger and Readiness at a food ordering counter -- I caused my keys to jingle in my hands.  I literally stood at an empty counter while they chatted for a full minute and a half before I decided to turn and begin walking away.I didn't rush, since there were a few Mother-May-I-Giant-Steps between me and the exit, and I would have gladly turned back if called upon.But she let me go, and now I know why.Mr Gyro doesn't need my business.Mr Gyro doesn't need your business.And if Mrs Rude does, in fact, speak on behalf of the entire ownership of Mr Gyro, well, then I guess Mr Gyro doesn't even WANT our business.   So be it.
3	Been here a couple times - had the falafel salad and falafel sandwich, both to go.  The salad is basic but satisfying enough - comes with herbed vinaigrette and side of pita/hummus.  The kalamata olives are a nice touch.  The hummus is flavorful, not too garlicky and has just a hint of texture.  And now, the falafel sandwich.  Did I mention I love falafel?  It is delicious and easy to screw up, so I am pleased that theirs is cooked just right, crunchy outside and soft inside, not too oily or too dry.  It comes wrapped in a fluffy pita with some chopped tomatoes and white onions, topped with hummus.  They could be a little more authentic and imaginative - first bite made my tastebuds all like, "That's all you got?  How about some hot sauce?  Tahini?  Romaine?  Parsley?"  Anyway.  When I peeled back the paper wrappings to eat my sandwich, most of the hummus came off with it.  Messy is only okay if it is tasty and ends up in my mouth.  Dine on premises if you have a choice.  So basically this place is not 100% OMG crave-worthy, but it's good stuff.  If you're hungry and in the neighborhood it definitely beats the nearby fast-food chains.  Oh yea... the staff is a little icy.
2	Expensive here, why?  Food takes a long time too, even when you're the only patron in the place.  Feels like a sketchy area too.  More Chicago-themed than many other Gyro places in this part of town.
4	Great gyros and fries, maybe the best. Just hope you don't get the woman working the front and trying to do her homework. she's not happy when you take more then 30 seconds to look at the menu.
4	Ha! Some of the bad reviews are spot on! At least those in regard to the owner/counter person. I always felt like she did not want to be there and I was an inconvenience that I was an idiot for having the audacity to order from her restaurant. Reminds me of the "Gyro Nazi".That aside, the food is alright by me. My last visit on Saturday was pleasant (owner was not there). The man in that cooked the food brought it to me and was very polite.I left feeling appreciated for spending my money there... especially when I ordered and paid for the extra dose of gyro meat in my gyro. I actually got the extra meat. (I hate it when I order and pay for "extra" on my sammy and the only thing they get right is charging me. Not here, not his time.I'll keep going back.
4	I've been going to this place for a few years. To all off you who didn't like the women     behind the counter; they are gone. I didn't like 'em much either.They were replaced with a nice young lady.In addition, they've added a small gyro combo ( fries and drink) for $4.99. It's the perfect size esp if you've ever tried to down one of the large ones
3	First visit.  We live about a mile and a half away and always pass it when we go to the dollar store, so decided to stop on a Friday evening for dinner  I absolutely LOVE gyros, and used to go down to Olympic on 24th st, but have not been able to go there.There was 1 other table occupied, which was surprising for a Friday.  The lady at the counter was all smiles and very nice and all 4 of us ordered the gyro combo with fries.  It was ready quickly,  and was nice and hot when it came out.The gyros were excellent!  Loaded with meat and spices and very tasty, I thought they were as good as any I've had anywhere else.  3 stars this time because it's the first visit...will go back soon definitely!!
4	Lived across the street from the place for a year and decided to try it on a whim.  Had a Gyro and it was just what I needed.  The staff was nice, the place was clean and the food was good.  I'll be going back again.
4	I didn't encounter the infamous "Gyro Nazi" on my first visit here. I'm almost disappointed. I thought she might throw me out, and yell "No gyro for you!" I ordered the Jr Chicken Gyro Combo. The guys working seemed pleasant enough. The gyro and fries were good, and with a drink included, a good buy for five buckos. Mr. Gyro is not as good as my favorite "The Greek Wrap", but it is a better value. My only complaint was the screaming children running amok. This is not the restaurant's fault, but the breeders who refuse to parent.I'll be back for another gyro, and maybe an encounter with the elusive Gyro Nazi!
3	Overall it's your typical Gyro place.  Their Gyro combo with fries and a drink was $9.23 after tax.  The Gyro meat had good spice but the sauce and pita lacked distinctive flavor.  The place itself is not the cleanest and several of their soda machines don't work.  I wouldn't avoid this place but I would not go out of my way to go here.
3	I love Gyros. This place is decently priced and their Baklava is delectable. It is an okay place for a gyro. I have never had a problem with customer service, everyone has always been very nice, but then again, I have too. I never give shit to the people who make your food, and I'd say that everyone who has encountered the "Gyro Nazi" was probably being a dick to the poor soul.Anyways, if you want a decent gyro for a decent cost and don't want to drive a half mile up the road for a better one, then Mr. Gyro is the place to go.
4	Business is closed. A sign on the door says that the landlord wants his cash. No gyro for you!I wounder if the landlord will sell the giant hotdog to me. I always wanted to have a huge wiener...
3	This place has gone out of business.  If your looking for a gyro head in any other direction and you will find a place.
