3	Reviewing a hospital seems kind of odd, but there is a category for it so I will go for it,The Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh moved to this new location in 2003 and is quite a modern hospital. I have been here on two occasions. Once my flatmate had suspected meningitis and was rushed to the Urgent Care department where she was treated very well.The second occasion was a few Friday nights ago. Poor me was all ill and feeling sorry for myself and NHS 24 sent me here at 2 am. My lovely boyfriend got up and drove me here with the help of google maps. MISTAKE. This A&E department on a Friday night somewhat resembles a Jeremy Kyle audition. Out of 20 people in the waiting room (some who were there with their mates because that's the cool thing to do), I was the only sober person who was actually ill. Everyone else was drunk or had been drinking and were there as a result of a fight or a drunken accident. It was quite appalling and the people in here were real bottom feeders. Eye contact: not recommended. I waited here 3 hours. Yes 3 hours because Davey and John Paul punched each others lights out, or Chantelle was so drunk she fell on some glass. There was more police here than doctors, that gives an indication of the type of people and behaviour that go on in this A & E department. It is very sad and gives a true indication of this country. Where is the policy in this Gordon and David? When I eventually saw the doctor he was great. Filled me with drugs and was very helpful. I actually felt sorry for the guy having to deal with this every Friday/Saturday night. He apologised to me for having to wait so long and said it was due to all the drunken fools in the waiting area (not in those words of course). My boyfriend commented on how awful it was and the doctor threw his hands up and said ''this is my life!'' Kudos to him because I doubt I could be motivated to come to work and deal with that every night. Obviously if you are ill and need hospital attention you aren't going to check up on Yelp for reviews on the local hospitals. Just be mindful of the fact that on a Friday/Saturday night between 12 am and 4 am you will have to wait for all the drunken chavs in Edinburgh to be bandaged up.
3	I still laugh every time I remember my visit here. The first time my then boyfriend was cooking dinner for me, he managed to cut the end of his finger off whilst trying to impress me with how fast he could chop stuff, the way chefs do it on TV. Only he's not a professional chef. Anyway, we got here at about 10pm, and I can safely say it was the most mind-numbingly boring 3 and a half hours of my entire life. There weren't even enough seats for people to wait on, there was no screen with the queueing system on it like in any other hospitals I've been in, and there wasn't even anything in the vending machine apart from a Bounty - the pigeon of the chocolate bar world, and even that cost me 70p.Grumble over, when we were eventually seen the doctor was great. In fact, we were on our way out less than 20 minutes later with plenty of instructions for the after-care and how to replace the dressings etc. Although it was nice of him to tell us not to hesitate to come back if it got infected or anything, I can safely say if that had been the case then I would not have been doing the dutiful girlfriend thing and tagging along again. Yes I'm aware that this makes me sound like a complete b*tch, but there is nothing in this world I would like to do less.
3	Whilst the hospital may be new it doesn't seem to have been built to size! The A&E dept definitely should have been at least double the size it is! Having spent the nearly 6 hours with my dad waiting to be assessed I felt a bit like a pawn in a game if chess! He was quickly put onto a trolley however has been moved so many times between bays and different parts if the corridor I'm surprised the staff manage to keep up with who's where! Space is definitely at a premium! Whilst my visit was on a Monday (thankfully not the weekend) the staff are still run off their feet but god bless them all really cheery and polite - despite some of the challenging behaviours from what appears to be the 'regulars'! My top tip would to avoid having an accident or emergency at the weekend or a Monday morning!
4	Cant fault the Staff, but if the Hospital had been designed for the future instead of 1984, then there would at least be parking at 1100hrs...
4	I have just spent two weeks being cared for by the amazing staff at the Royal Infirmary and have huge respect for all the doctors, nurses, cleaners and tea ladies and for all the work that they do.The nursing staff  were very on the ball, if you asked for help they were there in seconds, if you needed something they got it right away, and you were able to build a rapport with them which also lifted your spirits! I visited the Sanctuary in the Royal Infirmary a few times while I was there, a relaxing, calming space you could go to, to get off the ward and escape for a while, although it was nice to get out of the ward and there was usually no one there so you could be alone, it was pretty chilly in there! Also the main shop in the hospital WHSmiths their prices were shocking, i spent a fortune, probably spent more in there than I do outside!Overall all, I didn't want to leave! Haha
4	My partner had an emergency surgery here. The staff at the hospital is simply amazing, the nurses are kind and understanding,  the doctors with talked to were very competent and happy to answer our questions. The rooms and all the other places I have seen are very clean. I have personally seen the nurses cleaning after a patient is discharged and they disinfect  EVERYTHING, every corner of the bed and of the cabinets around the bed. The only reason why I am giving it  4 instead of 5 stars is because the bathroom in the room was not as clean as the rest. But the public toilets were spotless.
