1	Carry out is a nightmare. First of all, you have to wait in the same line as the customers eating in. And with one register open? Your pizza is just sitting under a heat lamp an you can't do a thing about it but wait till the 5-6 people in line go throughout their ordering. This has happened to me more than once and it is very irritating.
4	I am so perplexed by all of the Peter Piper Pizza reviews that I am reading where the writer gives the place less stars because it is loud and has kids.  Dudes, you are at Peter Piper Pizza.  If you want a quiet, kid-free place go to a place that doesn't cater to kids and have a noisy arcade.  In my pre-child days, I wouldn't frequent a place like this...but I also wouldn't give it a negative review because it's geared toward little ones!Anyway...if you have never been to a Peter Piper Pizza you should know that the food is a step beyond decent.  It's not going to be your favorite pizza...but it's not like Chuck E Cheese where you leave the entire pizza on the table uneaten.  The lunch buffet is good but they do want to keep making the special pizzas and never make enough cheese and pepperoni.I like this location because the game area has a variety for all ages of kids.  The climbing area is spread out so the kids aren't all crowded on top of eachother.  It's a fun place for families.
3	Since my son loved it - then it deserves a good rating!  It is what it is - average food but plenty of entertainment for the little ones.
2	Not the best pizza, but the kids loved it.
1	Spent over $16 for a buffet lunch and expected the pizza to be hot and ready to eat.  What I found was that I had to sort through over 15 dirty plates with food still on them sitting on the counter that I was expected to use for my food, pizza that appeared grease soaked and had been sitting for an extremely long time, and very little selection of pizza available.  After trying to eat a piece of the older pizza I waited for over 15 minutes for a (as in one) new pizza to be put up on the counter.  The pepperoni pizza had a small hint of cinnamon flavor probably due to not cleaning the pans well enough and was nasty.  I decided at this point I would give up on the food.  Besides the food being poor the guests that were here were even worse.  I understand that Peter Piper Pizza does not have control over its patrons but I will not be visiting this establishment again.  In trying to eat my pizza I had one person listening to some terrible rap music on his phone so loud the entire side of the establishment had to listen with him.  Whats worse is he didnt even purchase anything, he simply entered, sat, and listened to his phone.  I also felt like I was trapped between a gang territory dispute with one guy having his pants around his knees holding his shirt up in an attempt to flash his giant metal belt buckle to another group of thugs.  Its sad to see that a place I used to take my kids frequently has got this bad and I also can see why I travel the extra distance to go to a cleaner and safer location.All in all I am very dissatisfied with my experience and will think again when deciding where to spend money for food.
3	Peter Piper Pizza is about what you would expect for a place like this and definitely more geared towards kids. The pizza is nothing special and when I have gone I have encountered outrageous lines. It's not a place I would go to for the food, but basically only to entertain somebody who likes playing simple arcade games.
1	Pizza taste like cardboard and games are horrible. The prizes are just crappy as they get.
4	I think this is one of the best peter piper pizza locations I have found. They are never that busy and are always clean. I dont think they have the best pizza around but its great for what it is, a place for kids to play!
3	We came here for an 8 year old's birthday.  It was fun because we were with family but other than that the pizza was less than desirable.  If I was 8 I suppose I would have enjoyed the games a lot more.  I wish they could add some old school 80's games to these places.  They had playoff basketball on though so I enjoyed myself.
3	This place seems to lose a bit more luster every year. The games are getting worse and worse each time and my children struggle to find ones that are operating or that they want to play. It seems like 90 percent of the games are now ticket style games and you do not win a ton of tickets and the prizes you buy with the tickets are getting worse and worse. Lets be real here the prizes have never been anything out of the ordinary but now they are just plane dollar store crap. The bathroom floors were sticky and urinated all over and had not been cleaned in some time.  The jungle gym area looked as though it had been some time between cleanings and I would not even allow my daughter to go in it. The teenage employee's were very un-attentive to customers and spent more time monitoring the phones in the back of their pockets.   I would recommend Dave and Busters as an alternative, while it is a bit more expensive (food wise) going during normal family hours there are plenty of games for everyone and the prizes your children bring home are a bit more worth it.
4	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Stopped in for a first visit ever to this particular Peter Piper.  Its medium-sized dining room is a pretty thing; modern, clean and comfortable.  You have a choice of booth or party table seating and the play/game area is off to the back, separated by a divider.This location serves up three tossed salads & today the varieties were Garden Ranch, Classic Caesar & the current special, Mandarin Cranberry, containing  Mandarin Oranges, dried Cranberries, Sunflower Seeds & Poppy Seed Dressing.  I enjoyed some of all three.Then it was on to the pizzas. I tried  their new one, "Chicken Barbecue" & it didn't ring any bells for me, but I really enjoyed a medium crust one that had cheese, Pepperoni, Canadian Bacon, Bell Pepper, Red Onion & olives.  My favorite today was probably the one that had thin crust with cheese, Pepperoni, Italian Sausage, Red Onion & mushrooms.  I went back for too much more of it!     :-)This largest of all Arizona Buffet chains just increased the price from $5.49 to $5.99.  That's fine, it's still an excellent value.     :-))
5	My husband is peter piper pizza #1 fan, and I must say I have gotten to love it to. Today I placed a care your order and was pleasantly  surprised that the phone only ringed once and one picked up so super friendly with a great attitude. Once I got there I proceeded to pay the girl in front was very helpful and with a good attitude. I asked for a cup of water and the manager asked if I was waiting for a Carry out and he gave an actual drink cup. I thought that was very nice. I'm happy to see that people take pride in serving well with a great attitude. After being in many fast food places and stores people really have bad attitudes and are not helpful I was happy to be treated well. And not to forget the food it was delicious as always.
5	My husband is peter piper pizza #1 fan, and I must say I have gotten to love it to. Today I placed a care your order and was pleasantly  surprised that the phone only ringed once and one picked up so super friendly with a great attitude. Once I got there I proceeded to pay the girl in front was very helpful and with a good attitude. I asked for a cup of water and the manager asked if I was waiting for a Carry out and he gave an actual drink cup. I thought that was very nice. I'm happy to see that people take pride in serving well with a great attitude. After being in many fast food places and stores people really have bad attitudes and are not helpful I was happy to be treated well. And not to forget the food it was delicious as always.
