3	Well, my good friend from Boston arrives tomorrow for the long wknd.  I just got back from a wk and 1/2 vacay and scrambled to find a laundry mat to do an emergency load of bedding for my guest.  Apparently, everyone in Surprise has an industry size W/D for bed linen b/c there are very few laundry mats near me.  So off I go, after work to the launderia.  I've spent more than my fair share of time at laundry mats and until tonight, I have never seen so many rules posted:"No blankets, comforters, or sheets" read one sign on the washers that were a size up from the regular washers."Don't you dare think about throwing your rubber backed rugs in any of the washers" was another.My personal favorite read "Check all machines before use.  Mgmt not responsible for damage caused b/c you were too lazy to check for a pen in the dryer."  Ok, so maybe I exaggerated a bit but seriously, this place could give the Soup Nazi on Seinfeld a run for its money.After ensuring I didn't anger the laundrymat gods, I safely departed with my fresh smelling linens.Would I return?  You bet.  It was as clean as any public laundry facility can be, they had at least 4 sizes of washers to choose from, prices were reasonable and they had a gleaming white arcade system with Galaga.  Nice throwback to the Atari days.  However, I'd stay away from the 25 cent vending machines.  The mixed nuts look like they been in there since Atari premiered....
3	After my daughter's incontinent chi decided to relieve himself on our comforter, I jumped online to find a nearby laundromat - I've never had to use one around here before! Suds (kee-yoot name!!) was the only one in Yelp that was within a sane driving distance, so I packed up my younger two (5 & 7) and headed over. 1. Clean!!! omg, I remember using laundromats back in the day and they were disgusting. This one was clean and the machines are well-kept.2. Lots of machines! We had a really big comforter to wash. With some places, there is a wait. Not this place - lots of big machines available on a Saturday afternoon, and lots of other size machine ready to roll! 3. Change-maker was stocked. Believe me, there were enough people to exhaust it, but that thing kept spitting coinage out. Good deal! 4. Supplies available behind attended counter. We brought our own, but there were plenty of choices, for those who did not. The attendent was there, the whole time it took to wash and dry my blankie. She even came out to check things from time to time. Wow! 5. Signs all over, making the 'rules' and courtesy expectations very clear. Yes, I know to check my machine for little left-behind goodies, but does everyone else? I figure, they more they post, the fewer questions or moments of confusion there will be, later. 6. MS PACMAN!!!! Not some crappy emulation, but the real deal! This kept me and my kids busy for quite a while. How often do you get to play a cool arcade game for a quarter?? Only drawback - don't get the vending machines nuts. Uh, ew!!! I'll happily use this place again, if needed. Until then, time to put the dog thru remedial potty-training classes... ugh!
3	Clean. Machines well managed. Friendly staff. Downside is it isn't a 24 hour laundromat. Location is within a reasonable distance from home.
2	Surprised by how dirty the place is today. The floor looks a mess, the trash needs changed out. It isn't like the same place I come to when the owner is here. So can't wait to get my washer and dryer for the house.
5	I was totally impressed with this place! It is super clean, tons of machines, several change machines, and even games to keep the kiddos busy. The woman working (didn't catch her name) put all of my clothes in the dryer for me, so that was awesome. I saved so much time and was able to get some errands done! I would recommend this place to anyone who needs to use a laundromat once or every week!
5	Very clean and kept up.  As all laundry places it is best to get there early in the morning.
4	Not the cleanest laudromat or newest I've ever seen by far--kinda old and funky--but it does the trick.  I used the biggest washer they had for a comforter and boy! does it work well.  Says you will get your stuff out sparkling white--and I only used a Costco detergent--and it sure does!!!The washer takes awhile cause it goes thru many cycles to really wash your stuff, and the dryer will take about 42 minutes or 6 quarters to dry a cotton comforter.  Not bad really considering the only other way I could clean my comforter was going the dry cleaning route which will be more than $6.50 for sure.Bring a book to read or wander around to the shops in the center.The only negative I have is there was nobody to help show you how to work the machine and where to put in the soap the first time.  The only employee I saw which I think was the owner's daughter (he was fixing a washer totally from scratch it looked like) just ignored everyone,  A nice lady helped me, and I ended up helping 2 others that came in individually where to put the soap and so forth.
4	Prices are reasonable and the employee that helped me was very friendly. Doesn't look like much from the outside but the bigger washers are nice to have. Especially if you have a lot of clothes to do.
3	I brought here all of our aprons, table cloth, seat cover etc., that we use in our small diner's. Expecting that we can get it in time that we need to. And glad that I find the right place and less expensive laundry shop that meet our needs.
1	I was mortified when I saw the person who's running the front counter smoking right in front of the entrance and surrounded by three little kids ranging from 2 years old to 5 years old. I was disgusted by the fact that she would subject her children to that poison, but was more upset by the fact that I had to walk past her with my own children to get inside. If not for necessity and lack of laundry facilities I would have gone elsewhere. I will never come back to this place again. I hope the laundry owner reads this and retrains their employer. And I hope she reads this and had second thoughts about the choices she is making and the danger she is subjecting her kids to and her customers kids to.
4	After visit number two, this place is not as horrible as some reviews said. Yes, it's a laundromat, not a fun place ever, but clean. The attendant was helpful, even though she may be a smoker. I had two dryers not heating and she refunded me and started them in another dryer without me paying. I did not see any kids running around without parents and most customers were elderly. There was, a guy of course, sorting dirty laundry on a folding table. The attendant came over and wiped it right when he was done. Overall, good if laundromats are good! Ha ha
