3	I've been a patient of PFD for a few years, recommended by a friend, and have always been happy with the attention I've gotten. I actually go to the Gilbert location now, but I have been to the Tempe office once and had a good experience there. It's a family owned business, I think they've been around for 30 years. They have always been pleasant and honest when talking teeth. I wanted to mention my hygienist specifically, Jackie. She is super nice, calm and gentle, which is important to me since I don't particularly like going to the dentist. Check them out if you're in the market for a dentist.
5	I LOVE this office! I am so glad that I found yelp because I have thought about writing a thank you letter to them since my visit. I was visiting the Phoenix area in 2009 when I started experiencing sharp tooth pains and went in for an emergency tooth extraction. I went to the office in Gilbert and felt welcome the second I walked in. I didn't have to wait long before I was seen by Dr. Douglas Pospisil. He was more than friendly, he was gentle, patient and explained all of my options including pricing. The office is clean, state of the art (as far as I could tell) and just plain homey! I just moved to the Gilbert area in October and recommended my boyfriend to their office and got to choose between a pair of movie tickets or $20 off my next visit just for the recommendation! He as well fell in love with this place and we will never go to another dentist office again! Can't get much better than this office!!!
5	I have been with Dr Pospisil for about 5 years. I love everyone that works in this office and I would never go anywhere else! I have had routine checkups, fillings, and now 2 crowns. I have found Dr Pospisil to be knowledgable in new dental techniques, does very thorough work, and is careful and gentle administering shots and during lengthy procedures. He has been great at including me in the treatment plans so I understand what and why we are doing the work. I am very grateful to Shir're for her efforts in working with me as I changed jobs and insurance companies several times in the past years, and always explaining billings. Yolvi, Janice, and Wanda are wonderful, and I look forward to seeing everyone in the office at each of my visits.
4	I'm kind of a new patient (I say "kind of" because I had my initial exam/x-rays/cleaning done in June/July, and was supposed to go back for some more work and have just now gotten around to scheduling it...oops), and so far I really love this office. Dr. Pospisil was very friendly and efficient, and the scheduling ladies are WONDERFUL! They played e-mail tag with me today as I tried to schedule an appointment around my ridiculous schedule, and were so helpful and nice, and have been nothing but sweet both times I have been to the office. I have a horrible, horrible phobia of going to the dentist (the last time I went was to get my braces taken off and I had a panic attack right in the chair - talk about humiliating) and everyone at the office has understood this (for the most part - the dental hygienist doing my cleaning chastised me quite a bit for not having been in so long, even after I explained my anxiety, but she was still very nice overall). Nervous about my next appointment (merely because I HATE going to the dentist and always will), but I know they will be great!
5	Seriously, the staff & Dr. Marc are more than fantastic... glorious dental care!! I was with them for 5 years before having to move to CA, I was so sad to leave them behind. I even had a filling that felt loose & emailed them, within 3 minutes I had a reply! When I did find a new dentist, Sher're called to make sure I was doing well! Very responsive, caring and detailed! Dr. Marc is so delicate with you, I have a serious fear of drills, he let me turn up my ipod as loud as I could & made sure I was comfortable throughout! All the hygienists & specialists are professional, down to earth & genuinely care about your dental health!
5	Oh my gosh, I love this office. I just had to update because I've now been seeing Dr. P for almost a year, and this in itself is a miracle - before I would see a dentist, get my exam/x-rays/cleaning, and peace out. I'm still terrified of going, but the staff is just amazing and I get through every appointment 100% fine. They are so flexible with billing as well, which really helps out when you're getting a lot of work done. Dr. P is great, the staff is all great, and I am super happy I found them!
