3	Mmm, wieners.  Ok, ok, get your mind out of the gutter.  I had one of those moments today where all taste, class and health concerns go out the window.   I have to satiate my primal desire sometimes, and I'm not afraid to admit it.   Can't be classy and healthy all the time, right?  Wienerschnitzel = part guilty pleasure and part nostalgia.I wanted hot dogs today.  No holds barred.  With runny salty chili.  With cheese.  No Hebrew National.  No Vienna Beef.  No gourmet German sausages.Too bourgeouisie and yuppie. I wanted cheap and klassy (with a 'K') today, dammit.  Regular wieners.  Pork lips and filler.  Bottom of the barrel, baby!Does it help that there are ONLY FOUR Wienerschnitzels in the entire Valley - thus increasing its exclusivity and appeal?  WTF?  Does it help that this location is very close to the office?  NO.I love me some chili cheese dogs and chili cheeseburger (the #5) from Der Wiener.   When I'm feeling especially naughty, up for the challenge of major indigestion and knocking off a few days of my life expectancy, I'll add chili and cheese to my fries.  Not so today my friends.  I decided to draw the line, much to the chagrin of my warped desires.   Mmmm, burp.  Thank you Wienerschnitzel.  And thank you Rolaids.
2	I ordered a hot dog. Surprise.It's hard to review a hot dog. Let's see there was a bun. It wasn't soggy. There was a frank and chili on top. It was ok. I ate it. In a pinch, I'd go back.
4	This place has been my weakness since childhood. I still get food from here once a month or so. Probably the only fast food place I visit often, other than Five Guys when I lived on the east coast. If you're preparing for a trip to Mexico, just dine here once a week for a month or two before your vacation. You'll probably be introduced to much of the bacteria of delicious real-Mexican street food.Perhaps it's not that bad, but it is delicious. Especially their "pastrami dog". You can be a self-proclaimed "foodie" all you want, with your "oh, ha! ha!, but I admit that I do on the occasion dine at the selected In-N-Out" pompous asshole who thinks you're still down-to-earth, or you can come down and gorge on some real disgusting, real fast food. What are you afraid of? Your arteries will expand enough to still allow the blood  through, don't worry. Sure, they may drop your hot dog on the ground and forget to use sanitary gloves from time to time, but how else are you going to break in your immune system, you sissy?
2	I have just a few simple words to say about this restaurant, and I am not kidding.SEVERE ABDOMINAL CRAMPSEVIL GOD-AWFUL POOPS FROM HELLOH LORD, MAKE THE PAIN STOP.  Please, I beg you, do not eat the chilli cheese dog with onions here.  After eating here, I prayed for death.
2	Costcos better
3	It was my first visit to Wienerschnitzel and OMG two words CORN DOG! It is better than the ones at the State Fair. I also had the polish dog. I am sorry but Costco's is better. The french fries were OK. The best thing I had was the corn dog.
5	Ok, Im 5 starring this solely for the chili dogs.  I seriously could eat a dozen of these and not think twice. Ive been here about five times and usually get the chili dogs.  Of course when Im eating them Im always wondering if my stomach will kick my ass later on.  Thankfully it enjoys them as much as I do.They have some new Chicago dogs, which are probably good, but been too busy with their Chili dogs. Heads up.. No these aren't gourmet chili dogs that you get at some fancy place, they are small sloppy, messy, fast chili dogs.. I love them
3	The ice cream here is the best but a close second to Dairy Queen.  The best time to hit up Wienerschnitzel is when you score their coupons.  I love their sundaes and root beer floats.  Their food is ok but not the best but if you score coupons its worthwhile to go there and enjoy a meal.
4	5 corn dogs for 5 bucks.......Tuesday special on Milkshakes for 1.29......Franks made with Chicken instead of Beef or Pork.....Priceless. This establishment is great place to stop after going to an NFL.....NHL...MLB....or Spring Training game because it is near all of those facilities if your head back to the East Side of the Valley. The restaurant is very clean....the staff is nice and the food is very good. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
5	The best chili cheese dogs ever grew up on them in Cali now here in Az still awesome oove them
5	Best chili dogs around...
3	My aunt was in town from Kansas and was thrilled to find out that we have a Wienerschnitzel!! Having grown up with it in So Ca it was like a trip down memory lane. The restaurant was clean and the service was friendly and fast. We enjoyed our chili cheese dogs that were yummy and inexpensive! I am sure we will be back the next time she is in town visiting!
1	The food is always amazing but sadly, customer service is totally lacking . We had the misfortune to have Marina M as our cashier today. She was very rude and unpleasant . This was my husband first time so it took him a little longer to look at the menu and she gave us dirty looks and kept sighing along with rolling her eyes. Is that really needed? My husband just returned from deployment and I thought he would really enjoy something special and different but the employee made us feel as if we were wasting her time and that she had better things to do. The food may be amazing but the lack in hospitality makes us never want to come back here again .
2	I would much rather buy a store brand hot dog and Hormel chili and make my own. Dip cone was the best thing. Service sucked rude not friendly.
5	ALWAYS delishish food , hot and fresh during the peak hours . Im always greeted by Taylor with a friendly mannor and always treated like a true customer ! The corn dogs are the best thing in the world if ya cant make it to hot dog on a stick ...sadly closed now
