5	The first time I arrived at the shop was great. The employees were persistent but never arrogant to the the custumers. My overall experience to Vype Vapor has been amazing and I'm looking forward to go back.
1	This place is THE WORST. They have the most unfriendly, unhelpful, unknowledgable staff I've ever come across. I went in to buy some new coils and after me telling them I had a mini pro tank 2 and them personally looking at it, they sold me the wrong coils. Accidents happen right? I went back not 15 minutes after buying them to get properly fitting coils and they tried to refuse me a refund and were genuinely rude about the whole situation. I just wanted proper coils, not a refund, which I had already explained. However, they were still demanding that I pay for the bad ones they sold me in the first place. After trying to do fucking calculus with these people about refunds and replacement I finally got some coils that fit.... Only to find out that they were bad, didn't work, and shorted my battery. I gave up. Rude staff that know nothing about vapes. Poor business practices. Non-functioning products. Vape stores are popping up all over the city, we don't have to support one that doesn't function properly.
2	I have been to quite a few vape shops in town and this must have been the slowest one I have been to yet. Not much of an inventory. Ther was one tall display case that was completely empty. Im guessing it must be newly opened. Went there on a Friday at lunch and there was only a few people inside including staff. The juices were middle of the road, but the girl that helped me was very nice. Not sure if I'll be going back. Build up that inventory.  It'll help some. Good luck!
5	The staff is very friendly and help me all the time whenever I'm having problems with my mod. Kyle and Fernando always provide the best customer service. I always feel welcomed, and appreciate all they do. The atmosphere is great and love all the flavors you can try at the Taste Bar.
5	I went in yesterday to get a rebuild for my Atty (cause I tried doing it myself and I'm horrible) and Jon did such a great job! He didn't have all the tools he needed, so Kevin went (out of his way) to Lowe's and came back with everything we needed. I love that this shop does rebuilds and the precision/techniques gave awesome clouds! It would be great if somehow there was a building class for atty's, which could be profitable for business as well as beneficial for the customers. The customer service Vype provides is Exceptional, which is why I keep coming back. Even compared to other vape/smoke shops, their new line of flavors are not like any other. My personal favorite is Wicked Watermelon.
