4	Always a very good quanity of trucks to choose from. Quickly get you out and checked in.
3	These guys are just fine. Exactly what you need for moving/boxing/hating yourself for deciding to move in the first place. This U-Haul location is a little squirrely to get in/out of when you're stuck in the midst of busy South Blvd traffic. Two separate entrances. Just do your best to not run into anything. The parking lot is littered with "stuff." The staff inside, if you can tell who is who, are "friendly." Everyone looked like they didn't understand why they were there, not wearing uniforms or U-Haul shirts, talking on personal phones, and looking bored. One of the guys was even talking to another employee about a customer's negative experience and laughing about it. Not the most professional decision. However, appearances aren't everything. They did a great job with our rental. They were honest, thorough, and quick with us. They didn't try and waste our time and sell us stuff we didn't want or need. Next time we need a truck, I'd most likely visit this location again.
1	I have to move on a Saturday. So I schedule to pick up the truck (26ft.) at 7am two weeks in a advance. I get a call on the way down to this office saying they didn't have the truck I request but they could give me a 14ft!Now I had a team of movers at my house waiting on a truck to load, so I had no choice but to take it. I wasn't given any sort of discount or any real apology. It was a situation of if I wanted it I had to pay full price otherwise it was going to someone else.On top of all that and having to make numerous trips with the smaller truck, I had to wait almost 40min to give the truck back! Not worth the hassle. Go with a different company!...or at least a different location.
1	We have moved with u-haul multiple times before and have used this location once before with no problems.We setup for their largest truck to be picked up on a Saturday morning in April.  There was no problem with pickup, but the guy at the customer service desk was extremely hard to understand, soft spoken and talked too fast.  Here is where they lose 4 stars: our truck had no working brake lights.  We check things like damage to the truck beforehand, but not mechanics, which should be checked by u-haul.  Not only did they put us in danger, but those that drove behind us!!  We did not notice until we had made it to unload at our new house.Luckily we don't have to move again, but let this be a note to check everything!
3	A-ok. I've been wanting to get a bike rack for quite some time and the ones I've been looking at need a hitch. Who knew U-haul installs hitches?! I booked an appointment online; you also save $10 when you purchase online. They call you right after you purchase to secure an appointment. Easy.It takes approximately 1 hour for them to install. In the meantime, bring something to do or walk across the street to the Dunkin' Donuts or Saigon Palace for lunch. There is no official waiting room (just 3 chairs in the middle of the showroom), the A/C isn't strong (especially in the morning with the sun beating through the windows), and a parking lot full of rental trucks isn't a great place to hang out It wasn't until later and walking up to the back of my car that I noticed they placed a U-haul sticker on the bar of the mount...I'll have to figure out how to take that off...looks really tacky. In any case, it was easy and the job got done within 24 hours of when I made up my mind to do it. Nice.
