4	After informing the hostess that I required a gluten-free meal, we were seated at our very own tepanyaki grill.  Our chef ensured that he cooked my meal first, so as not to contaminate my meal with soya sauce in the fried rice for the rest of my party.  I was able to have the meat (chicken and filet), vegetables, miso soup, and plain white rice (no soya sauce).  I also got the salad with no dressing (yuck, I hate lettuce with no dressing).  While there were no special gluten-free surprises (like GF soya sauce or salad dressing), it was very appreciated that we were given our own grill and that my meal was made first.  There was also one dipping sauce that I was told that I could have, although, I am not sure what it was (it was good).  Overall, the meat and vegetables were excellent!!  I definitely recommend this restaurant.  Oh, and the showmanship by the chefs was excellent as well!
4	Everything was fantastic from the food to the service. The fried rice that comes with the teppanyaki is excellent. The sushi was really good as well. The prices on the sushi card are inaccurate. I remember the card saying $7.50 for a philly roll, but we were only charged $5.50. We were celebrating a birthday, and they offer a $8 package which includes a tray of sponge cakes with whipped cream foe everyone, ice cream for the birthday person, and a photo of your whole party in a Hon Machi card.We had a great first time experience and will definitely be going back.
5	Ive been going here for years. I go here one a week. Very good sushi for a very good price. There is nothing crazy or super unique but the quality is tops and the value is the best in az and i've tried at least a dozen places. Teppinyaki is good too.
4	Customer service was very good... atmosphere is very "benihana", but there is also booth and table seating.The soup they bring out prior to the meal was very simple, but very good.We had the Philadelphia Roll, California Roll, Spicy Tuna Roll, and a Potato Mountain roll.All were very good, considering I'm still a newb to eating sushi.  For my woman and I with tip, it was around $50.I would definitely eat here again.
4	$19.99 All you can eat sushi on Mondays and Tuesdays.  Need I say more?Their sushi is pretty damn good for being located in a landlocked state.  The food is made by real Japanese dudes.  This has been my preferred sushi spot even before they had that $19.99 deal.  They prepare their sushi better than any sushi restaurant in AZ.I've gone to places like.. I don't want to name names, but it rhymes with "RAW" and "Rona Brill",  ; ) and the food at those places seem pretentious and watered down, not to mention expensive as f*ck.  The sushi at HonMachi Grill is made better, tasted better, is a better value, and is more authentic than the above named/hinted restaurants.Also, try their teppan grill.  The surf and turf is excellent.  It certainly kicks the crap out of anything that restaurant that sounds like "Benny Hannah" puts out.With that said, I'd like to leave you with these parting words:$19.99 All you can eat sushi on Mondays and Tuesdays.  P.S.$19.99 All you can eat sushi on Mondays and Tuesdays.
4	Lunch today - Teppanyaki grill and sushi. Maguro (tuna) sashimi was excellent. Spicy tuna handrolls good, no complaints. Smoked salmon rolls good as well.Teppan grill was very good - friendly chef that did a very good job entertaining my small group, answering questions about the menu and the food in general. Everything was cooked perfectly and the quantity of food was good. My only complaint would be the mixed vegetables were a BIT lacking. Could have used more but now I'm being picky.I (as well as another sushi loving group member) was really impressed with the sashimi, so much so that I will come again specifically for it. I'll also expand to other items on the menu for a comparison check.Hard to judge a place by a single experience but I was happy with this choice for a small group celebration event. Worth a stop.
4	Edit 10/25/2010As others already have pointed out, Hon Machi is open again and is currently featuring a very nice customer appreciation promotion!
5	This place is AWESOME.  They were closed briefly due to a liquor license issue, and I went around to a ton of other sushi places looking for the quality and value I was used to from Hon Machi.  No dice.  I go at lunchtime with friends usually, and if you order 5 rolls you get a great deal.  Their Volcano roll is the best I've had anywhere.  This is my favorite sushi place bar none, and I'm so happy they have reopened and have all of their licenses.
2	nothing was really great, I would definitely continue to try other places before ever going back.
4	I am originally from Hawaii and visit Chandler with my boyfriends family about once a year. I am always on the lookout for great sushi and this place had THE BEST SPICY TUNA I have had outside of the islands. It was SO good, in fact my mouth is still watering!! We had the unlimited sushi which was awesome. Everything tasted really fresh and the sushi chef was very cool and made my spicy tuna as a nigiri when I asked. It was a great experience and I had a good time. Also their fried rice is quite good, nice taste of mushrooms, yum yum! Will return again and again!
4	I was really spoiled when I lived in San Jose, CA.  There was an abundance of great ethnic restaurants all over.  We had great pho, sushi, korean bbq, dim sum.....and it was easy to find.  In Chandler, not so much. We like Honmachi and we have been here several times.  The service is friendly and the sushi is pretty good.  Recently we had Teppanyaki.  My daughter loved watching the chef as he put on a show and prepared our food. It was a lot of food and delcious!  I would give it 5 stars but we have been in a couple of times when the service was not so great.  Once we were seated and sat there for about 10 mins.  I had to flag someone down to wait on us.  They were short staffed that night and I can understand but servers walked by us several times while we sat with our menus and no water or drinks at all.  One other time the service was rather slow after our order was taken.  If I were dining on my own I probably would not care much.  I like a leisurely meal but I have a child that gets very impatient so lagging service is no good.  Overall we like Honmachi and will continue to go back.  I get major sushi cravings that they can satisfy!
4	Been there twice and enjoyed the Teppan tables. Food was excellent, steak was grilled perfect. Chefs do fun tricks and are pleasant.
5	One of my favorite restaurants. I love the teppanyaki and the sushi was really fresh.
4	Kristen here. Let me preface by saying that the food is absolutely 5 star worthy. I have only had the teppanyaki experience, so my review is for only that. The fried rice is to die for, and I usually get the filet. It is so so so very good. Since you are seated 8 to a table, regardless of how many you came with, the wait between ordering your food and actually receiving it after the show can take up to an hour. If you are hungry right now, don't go here. However, if you can wait it out, it is absolutely worth it. The show/presentation is hit or miss. Usually it's pretty good, though. They do the same tricks each time, but it is always so fun to have kids at the table and watch their expressions. It is an overall fun experience, as long as you come when it is lively and full. It's no fun if you're the only ones in the establishment. Also, my sister used to work here, and they were a little bit shady with her pay and her boss drove her to a different location on her first day... weird. Hon Machi only gets a high review from us because the food is killer. I would come here over Benihana any day of the week. However if you are looking for the better *experience* then I think Benihana may be a better choice for you.
4	Any time you go to teppan it's going to be expensive but the quality of the service and food should be on par with the dollaz.  I think Hon Machi is about where it should be in terms of service and food.  Albeit, I haven't tried the sushi, the teppanyaki has always been great.  I have three kids (*gasps*) and I often dread going anyplace that doesn't scream 'KIDS MEAL' when I'm taking the gang out.  But every once in while you gotta suck it up and do it.  Hon Machi was very accommodating.  My kids were on their best behavior.  They actually do have a kid's menu from which my son ordered yakisoba with the veggies on the side.  No prob.  The dish came quick from the kitchen.My daughter had the kids shrimp and it was plenty for her plus the fried rice.  Both my wife and I had the shrimp/steak combo and we had no complaints.When it comes to teppan, I'm no expert.  I've been a couple times and I like the atmosphere of this place.  I like that the teppan chefs are outgoing and make the experience enjoyable.  Yeah, they joke.  Yeah, they flame that grill out and throw things around but that's what I want if I'm gonna drop some coin.Go.  Decide for yourself.I think it's good and actually it wasn't all that expensive.
5	Great place for sushi and tepan - period. Not the "high-end" places but a rock solid place with lots of variety and good prices.
2	The Grill is terrible! The veggies have NO flavor.   It is really overpriced for what you get.  However, they do have excellent Miso Soup.  Skip the grill and stick with Sushi if you go here.  They make excellent, Fresh Sushi.
4	I have only been here for sushi and the food and the value are great especially during their happy hour specials and lunch specials.  There are lots of sushi choices in and around Chandler but this one is the best all around value.  Some may have slightly better food but not much better and you can't beat the specials.
4	Had lunch here thanks to an Amazon coupon - some of the best sushi I've eaten.
4	Nothing pretentious here. Just sushi meets sashimi meets sake meets Saba meets maguro. Some of the special rolls here seem to be ambitious but it's all presented freshly and in mouth watering splendor. Try the seafood dynamite and the tootsie rolls. I personally was not ready for the chimichanga roll but when in AZ, do as the Mexicans, n'est pas? I am not hating the Saturday special now running where all simple sushi is a dollar and all other rolls and such are further discounted! Good value in general and satisfying. If you'd prefer to go Hibachi style, this is a fun place to consider. It's clean, modest, charming, and quick.
4	I first came here with my family and some close friends right before I left for college and recently came back with my family for lunch.  Although it's usually expensive, I had a Groupon so for our family of four, it wasn't too bad, and we ate heartily.  Teppan is so much fun and the sushi is also great.  Our favourite rolls are the catepillar, Las Vegas, and soft shell crab, although the Vegas is definitely not the best for the body (deep fried, but soooo good).  Scallop teppan is really tasty, but my dad likes the fillet mignon.  Make sure that your teppan chef has flare; don't be afraid to request a volcano, train, or some cool balancing feat with the egg.  It's only fun when your chef is fun as well.  This time, the guy didn't look like he was really into the entertaining aspect (the veggies were already chopped up, meaning that we miss half the show), but the server was really nice.
2	Been here several times and it's actually tough for me to rate this one a 2 because though I did have pretty good memories here, mostly with the Teppanyaki entertainment, I also had one memory that was really not-so-good.. So I'll just stick to a 1.25.The good memories (let's start off positive):This place is Teppanyaki style, so actually a good spot for a big group that want to eat their hearts out (the portions are super filling, like most Teppanyaki joints).  We've only experience that and not the sushi bar nor the other seating area for non-Teppanyaki.  The staff has been on-par, not amazing, just good and the food is also good and plentiful.The bad stuff:Their sashimi salad here is BLAH compared to Mikado's (right across the street) and so is their Miso soup and their Tempura veggies.. alll crappy compared to Mikado's.No flavor, no care for quality.. just kind of throw together recipes because it's expected of them.and finally...When we had Teppanyaki with my sister a while back, guess what was slowly crawling the wall behind her... a f*ing roach! There! And now you know why it's a 1.25!
5	Great tepan with a super fun chef! Way better than Benny's.
2	Stopped in for a quick dinner this evening. It was my first time trying this place and I don't think I'll be back. The service was pretty awful. No one came by to refill my drink or offer me water, and the glass was empty for over 10 minutes. Finally the waiter came and took the empty glass--all without offering the refill. The sushi didn't make up for the service. The California roll was poorly wrapped and fell apart as I was eating it. The spicy tuna roll was better, but not by much. Something about the flavors was not right, but I'm not sure what. The complimentary miso soup was a nice touch, it's true, but had almost no seaweed or tofu in it!And that was $17?  No thanks, I'd much rather go to Mikado, right across the street, which has much better food and much better service.
5	I've been coming here for years! The sushi is the best I've ever had and their entrees are also very good. The service is so friendly as well. You can either dine up at the sushi bar, experience their teppan or sit in their dining area. I love this place! It's always our first choice when wanting sushi.
4	We went here on a Monday night and reluctantly got the $20 all you can eat sushi deal.  Why reluctantly, well, have you really ever had good all you can eat sushi in your life?  I don't know we were thinking.....except that the sushi and sashimi was really great!!!  We live in the NYC area and go for Sushi at least 1x per week.  This was fresh, well prepared and generous.  Service was nice as well.   OK sake menu.  1 star off: huge, sprawling place was empty, kind of weird eating by yourself and also the sushi chef (we sat at the bar) didn't really talk to us at all, just our waitress talked to us.
2	Sesame octopus good, weird unagi sauce. Way too much rice!  That worries me they don't trust their fish...
1	BEWARE OF GROUPON. I had yet to see groupon abused up until the purchase of Honmachi's groupon. Main fine print does NOT state that the groupon does not take effect until july 4th AFTER 12AM. Don't get me wrong I understand their thought process of tempting customers with a groupon and even after mentioning our groupon at the front and getting nods of "acceptance" and allowing us to spike our bills thinking we have the cushion of a groupon, only to be informed we are 48 hours early on attempting to claim such a deal. Because listed in the SECOND fine print only AFTER you have purchased it already does it limit you to when you can actually use it. Leaving you first stuck with the bill and secondly stuck with a groupon you don't even want to use now because you feel absolutely deceived! grotesque abuse of groupon, sneaky to customers and showcases the type of corrupt people who own the restaurant. Only problem that they did not foresee is that groupon/yelp users are the worst to mess with because we will be the first to rate and warn other users. Oh yes, and the sushi was below mediocre. Keep the additional $15 bucks from my groupon, I won't give this place another cent.
1	**ATTENTION GROUPON USERS**. For those of your who purchased their groupon and tried using it on July 3rd (i heard them turn down the use of the groupon to the table behind us) I contacted groupon regarding the fact that i purchased the groupon and upon my attempts to use it on July 3, 2012, my waitress directed to me to the additional fine print that stated i was not able to use it until "July 4th after 12PM" It turns out that groupon allowed Honmachi's fine print to remain editable for 24 hours and after July 3rd the owners went back into their groupon and deleted the portion restricting the time frame in which it could be used. This act was extremely dishonest to their customers and since contacting groupon they have returned my funds. I will never be returning to this establishment in the future and would not recommend it either. The food itself makes it not worth returning to, the service is slow and they need to learn professionalism and the owners are obviously corrupt and none of these are acceptable from any establishment. Take your business else where and support HONEST locals like the family owned establishment of Sushi San about 15 minute drive and VERY worth it!
4	My family and I love Benihana's and decided to give Honmachi Grill a try since it was closer and slighty cheaper. The teppan show was different, the chef lit a huge amount of oil on fire and my husband commented, "I didn't really need my eyebrows anyway." This is what you came to Yelp for, the food, it was superb. The salad and dressing were better than Benihana and the steak and shrimp teppan were fresh and delicious. My son had a california roll and I tried one it was average. We sat next to a regular who raved about the sushi and ordered a caterpillar roll. I let you know what I think next time I try the sushi. It was lunchtime on a Saturday and it was a little slow, a little dark in the restaurant. The decor could be improved but it is simple and sparse. I don't think that you would be disappointed here!
4	We adore this location of Hon Machi as my husband can fill up on sushi and I can get teppan delivered to my table in the regular dining room without having to sit through the show.  Not to mention the fact that you have a direct view of the teppan spectacle from the dining room.  I typically order the exact same thing every time - gyoza (fried from frozen, I'm sure, but I could care less), the steak and shrimp dinner and a massive mound of fried rice, vegetables plus salad and miso soup.  It's not the cheapest meal, but the food comes out deliciously hot and tasty, so we always end up returning.  My husband swears by both the quality and portion size of their sushi with their rainbow roll and lobster roll as two of his favorites.We have always had good service in the dining room, but because the waiters have to work both our side of the restaurant and the cooking tables, I've seen some pretty sluggish service for other tables at times.  Knock on wood - we've never been one of those unfortunate tables waiting an eternity for someone to take their drink order.  also worth mentioning, there is usually a long wait for teppan tables on the weekend, with lots of families and prom dates going for dinner.  If you sit in the dining room, you can pretty much bypass the wait and they will still serve you the entire menu.  Also, with all of the cooking going on, this place tends to get a  little warm sometimes, so dress accordingly.All in all, one of my favorite Japanese places in the Valley :)
5	If you're in the mood for good food, a dim-but-well-lit, comfortable atmosphere for a couple's night out or a family get together and don't mind a little heat then this is the place to go.  Football games were on the 4 or 5 flatscreens that sat in the corners of the walls, which made my husband happy.  The bar seemed to be well equipped and was available but not a major presence in the room.  The food was pretty good, at least the quality of an Outback Steakhouse, Chili's or Applebee's but Japanese cuisine of course.  The prices were decent too.  The teppan show is what would make me go back.  The grill chef was entertaining to say the least.  The kids laughed the entire time he cooked.  He made the food impersonate worms, joked about the miso being peanut butter, and pretended to throw his knives.  The kids caught shrimp he flew in the air.  He was so entertaining, my 13 year old daughter 'videoed' the entire performance.  And, she's pretty hard to impress.  They brought out the cake for my step son's birthday and sang him a Japanese song which I assume was the Japanese version of Happy Birthday.
1	Service was average at best. Water and tea were refilled in an ok amount of time. However the fish was absolutely bland. The second worst I've had hands down I the valley. Won't be back. Bought a groupon and will let them know the same. My wife had a scallop dynamite and the crab was all mayo. Nasty. My nigiri was so tasteless. Just ate here and nervous for rest of the night. Atmosphere is fine. Totally overpriced. I compare all sushi here in the valley by San Francisco and San Diego standards where I lived for 17 years. Don't waste a dinner here. Bought a groupon and had them refund. I was very surprised that Groupon would put there name on this restaurant.
4	Great place to eat, especially when the weather is nice and you can eat outside. The restaurant is a small place but their food is excellent, service is respectable. I have dined here roughly around 4 times already and their food has been consistent. I recommend their tootsie rolls, as they do a great job on those. I order those every time.
5	The service was awesome and the food was amazing. Probably the best fried rice I've had. We did teppanyaki with the kids and they loved it. Our chef was Daniel; he was engaging and really got the kids into it.
4	We had a Groupon and met a friend here for sushi. Since there were only 4 of us and we weren't having teppanyaki, we were seated in the table area. Service was okay in the beginning, but our waitress got better the longer we were there. She even went over our order with us twice to make sure it was correct. I think in all we had 6 sushi rolls, gyozo, and yakisoba noodles. My toddler loved the noodles and miso soup. And the dumplings were yummy. But the sushi was definitely the star. Everything was plated beautifully and it was delicious! The softshell crab roll and California roll were my favorites, but everything we ordered was good! And, it was all reasonably priced. I think the most expensive roll was $10, and we only got 1 of those. We enjoyed our experience and will probably go back to try the teppan.
4	Great sushi, great prices.
1	#1 Cold rice.  The owner said that we received sushi rice, despite the fact that the menu said it would be fried rice.  Who wants sushi rice with chicken teriyaki?  Reluctantly they brought hot rice.#2 Wrong order.  We pointed to the menu and ordered the teriyaki chicken with fried rice and vegetables.  Received no vegetables and white (cold) rice.  The owner said because we didn't sit at the teppan table we received the regular order of teriyaki chicken. Although we have purchased this in the past in the same booth.  #3  Chicken teriyaki was cold, and I don't mean lukewarm.#4  Had to wait for new orders and the birthday girl waited an additional 10 minutes for hers.#5  When new order arrived, it was missing the California roll (it was a Bento Box)#6  Charged credit card twice for the order. Maybe this was a bad day for Hon Machi, but for everything to go wrong . . . . and we didn't receive any sincere apologies or compensation for a disastrous meal.
5	Food is always fresh and service always great. Who doesn't love teppanyaki?
1	It was a Sunday night and we were in the mood for sushi and yakisoba so we decided to finally hit up the local spot we drive by whenever we go to Sprouts.  We walk in and wait five minutes or so before anyone approaches us to have us take a seat.  (The place wasn't all that busy, so the wait seemed unnecessary.)  Keeping an open mind and seeing the teppanyaki tables we took a seat and waited for our waitress.  She approaches us and asks us in a rushed voice what we want, we didn't know yet so she rushed off without allowing us to ask any questions.  She comes back a few minutes later and sees us holding our menu and asks as well as answers her own question of if we are ready to order and walks off again.  Now I feel a bit peeved but my husband suggest we just wait it out.  Well we waited another ten minutes before she came back.  We place our order for vegetarian sushi and yakisoba.  She returns promptly to tell us they are out of yakisoba so we said okay, lets get the sushi and see if we want anything else.  About five minutes later she comes back to tell us the chef is too busy and won't make us the sushi we requested.  She asked us if we wanted anything else off the menu and we just stood up and left.  I really dislike giving bad reviews but this place was a total fail in terms of customer service. I was hoping it would have been a fun local spot to enjoy  but I doubt I'll ever go back.Summary: Not a good spot for those with dietary restrictions (i.e. vegetarians)
4	The service for lunch was very quick and attentive. I loved their fresh iced green tea, reminded me of Korea. The 2 for $8 sushi special was inexpensive and tasted wonderful. I recommend the tempura shrimp and spicy yellowtail. The hibachi chef wasn't as flashy as most but the food was very well done and portion size was decent. Definitely recommend for lunchtime dining.
4	Good sushi and sashimi. We odered uni, salmon roe, tuna, and shrimp nigiri. Also salmon sashimi. Only 4 stars because it took a while to seat us when it was not busy, and also service was slow.
4	This place is awesome food , great happy hour on rolls.... sometimes the service can be slow and other times its great. This is close to my house and somewhere that I take my family often and will continue to. Thumbs up!
2	I enjoy the all-you-can-eat sushi experience once a month or two. Main concerns here include that my wife and two kids don't. I'm required to sit at the sushi bar if my wife wants teppanyaki, I cannot sit with my wife and kids to have all-you-can-eat.  Anyone see a problem here?  Yeah, it's kind of silly. What are they concerned about?  Sharing all you can eat food, or someone shoving it down their pants???  I just want to eat what I like  with my family at the same table.  Other downside is limited nigiri options on the all-you-can-eat menu. Due to the difficulties, I always try to stuff myself with the eat as much as you want menu and I leave upset after not sitting with my family. How about a change of your policies??
5	Wow this place is awesome great sushi and great service! Really relaxing place for lunch. Happy hour prices are very good
4	I love sushi!! and I love all your can eat sushi for $20!! The sushi chefs here are always awesome... my boyfriend and I go and CHOW DOWN.  They have some awesome rolls, and always get them out quickly. Hon Machi is teppan, sushi and I believe they have regular menu items like teriyaki chicken.  I can only review the sushi bar because that is all I have ever gone for. I give 4 stars because it seems like they have a high turnover on wait staff, and they always seem to be training.  After one roll they tried to take my ginger and wasabi! ha! no worries though! So many options of rolls for the all you can eat (I wish squid salad was part of it!) I really like the tootsy roll, Arizona roll, and shrimp tempura. My boyfriend loves that nigiri is part of the all you can eat which isnt part of the happy hour. I love this place, we go every couple of weeks.  All you can eat is Sunday-Wednesday.  I would love to try the teppan there once because people seem to enjoy it!
5	Really great prices and food
4	I've been here twice now, and both times the food was fabulous.  Ate at the cooking table both times, and had the vegetable dinner both times.  It comes with tofu and it was prepared differently both times.  Good both times, but I did prefer it the first time I was there.Our chef was great!  A lot of fun, and very friendly!  Sadly he had just put in his two weeks notice and was transferring to the Goodyear location.All in all, a great place.  We will definitely go back.
5	Went there for my sons birthday.  Food was excellent.  Drink server was new and a little slow.  This can be understood with anyone new. He made up for it  in personality.  Plan on dropping a C note as this place is not cheap but well worth it.
5	Freshest sushi in Chandler.  Good service, great food.
3	First...buying sushi in the desert is a sketchy proposition at best.With that said we ordered sushi platter and some sort of teriyaki steak.Steak was actually pretty goodSushi was serviceable, but nothing specialOverall not bad.
4	I came here for lunch with the kids ages 11,10 and 15 months since I bought the groupon- 30 dollars worth of food for 16.50. It was a great deal so I couldn't pass it up. The kids shared a meal of tepan teriyaki chicken and I had the steak. We also got a app of calamari and Jacob got a soda. Even after all of that food, we still had a few bucks left. The only reason why I didn't get 5 stars is because there was basically only one server there with 8 tables to attend to. Which meant slow service, however, I still tipped him 5 bucks.
2	This place was ok. Our server was new and very in experienced. He couldn't really answer our question and brought us too many soups and salads (only one meal came with it and he brought us 5 when no one else wanted them) sushi was warm not cold like it should be. Just didn't seem fresh.
1	Horrible!  Gordon Ramsey would close them down!  Very low standards.  First we ordered Tempura Shrimp & Vegetables, a favorite appetizer of ours.  Both orders came out dripping with oil.  I asked our server, who did not speak good English for some paper napkins.  I individually placed each shrimp or veggie in a paper napkin and gently pressed down on each side hoping I could salvage my order and my husbands.  I went through 3 tri-fold, double layer paper napkins just for my order.  The entire napkin was saturated with oil and the veggies were so limp they flopped when picked up.My husband suggested that we just show our server so she could explain to the cook that they were either using oil that was not hot enough or not cooking everything long enough.  She took our orders back to the kitchen to show the cook along with the oil soaked napkins but we were not sure she completely understood the problem as you brought back two new orders that looked just the same.  Not wanting to create a fuss, I tried the napkin trick again which just became soaked with oil again.I wanted to make the best of it so I cut into one of the three shrimps they give you per order and there was the long "vein" (poop sack) running all the way through it.  Then I cut into the middle of the other two shrimp which also had not been cleaned of the poop sacks.  The woman who had seated us came over (hostess?  manager?) and she looked at the shrimp and said "we take that out always" (meaning the "vein") as if to say that what we were saying was a mirage.  We showed her the "vein" up close and she repeated that they always take it out and that what we were seeing wasn't possible (yet there it was!).  We cut open the shrimp all the way and took out the worm-like "vein" and let it dangle.  We asked for the $17 or so charge for the two tempura appetizers be removed from the bill since loaded with grease and with uncleaned shrimp.  I'm jumping ahead, but when she later came back with the bill, she had only take one of the two shrimp orders off because she said "we made them twice."  We stood up for ourselves and politely told her that they were inedible and that they prepared them poorly in both cases.  Reluctantly she removed the two appetizers from the bill.  (In case you are nonetheless game to risk trying the tempura, not that the shrimp are almost all batter and that the actual shrimp is long and skinnier than a child's middle finger).We then order teppan dinners (cooked on the tabletop).  I ordered filet and lobster.  It comes with Miso soup, salad and shrimp "appetizer.  We have eater Teppan all over the country.  The Miso soup had a weird taste and was in a cloudy not clear broth like usual.  My filet was small but tender and perfectly cooked.  The fried rice had only a few peas and carrots in it (skimp) and they used a weird garlic butter which changed the flavor I am used too.  The veggies included a few tiny broccoli tops (maybe 5 per serving), shaved dried out carrot rounds that were paper thin, maybe 2 mushrooms, three or four overcooked bean sprouts, a few zucchini sticks and no cabbage.  Again, very skimpy.  The lobster was chewy and had a disturbing smell.  I ate only the steak off my plate (and I *NEVER* complain or send anything back).  The rest of the untouched lobster was about $17 more then the steak alone would have been.  The server noticed I had not touched my lobster but appeared to be done eating.  She sent the same Asian woman over who told us we had to pay for the lobster because she had already taken the two appetizers off the bill (one having nothing to do with the other.My husband also noticed that they put the uncooked veggies on the shelf of the cart that the Teppan chef cooks from.  It was directly on the metal shelf (and we saw them reusing the carts without cleaning them).  No platters or even towels were used.  The food was placed right on the shelf's surface.I give them a "F" for food quality and skimpiness and a double F for forcing us to pay $98 for two substandard entrees that were barely touched (which they knew).  You are not gaining anything by wanting food taken off the bill that you never ate.If you want GREAT Japanese food & tepan, it is worth the drive to Sappora in Scottsdale.  If you want fair to good  Japanese food & Tepan, go to Benihana at Chandler Mall.  But whatever you do, avoid Han Machi At Alma School & Queen Creek in Chandler!
2	I'm a sushi eater and the sushi here is terrible. Everything has crab meat - even a basic salmon roll. No asparagus or wasabi aioli, etc. Teppan was decent. No fancy show but not bad
1	The food was fine, but the service was so slow and the entire staff ignored us as we sat there for 30 min trying to get our bill
4	One of the better places for teppanyaki. The food and quality are great and the sushi is delicious too. The cooking show is just as fun and entertaining as any of the chains. My favorite and go to every time is the New York strip and scallops. Yum yum. Tried quite a few of the items on the menu and have not been disappointed. Even went on busy Valentine's night with the family (7 and 2 year old boys) and they took us in close to our reservation time...didn't have to wait much longer than the reservation time. The bar is a bit limited on it's mixed cocktail experience, but I was able to find a mixed drink I like that they could make :) -- Otherwise give it a try. It's yummy food...and get the fried rice it's worth the extra $$$
1	Our teppan table was crazy boring. Basically the chef cooked and didn't even do that well. He burned my fish and our vegetables. I was excited to bring our kids to have a show in front of us; it was going to be a special event. While the tables around us has fire and fun, we had nothing. The most exciting thing our chef did was make noise with the salt shaker.  It might have been his first time ever cooking teppan. I think I maybe could have done it with a bit more flair.We will not be back.
3	Went to lunch here for the second time & it was an even better experience than the first time! My boyfriend & I each ordered a Teppanyaki dish - one teriyaki chicken & one vegetable. The man who was cooking our food for us was very entertaining ... He even invited one of us to come up to the grill & toss an egg to crack for the fried rice. He made a big heart shape out of the rice before serving it on our plates. The tofu was well cooked (and neither of us are really fans of tofu), the teriyaki chicken tasted great. The portion sizes were large so there were some leftovers, but still the meal was a decent price. Overall, we had a really good experience.
4	Best Sushi I have had in Arizona.Since moving from San Francisco 3 years ago I have searched for a sushi place I liked.  Large lunch portions, friendly staff, good food...REAL Crab and Lobster options!YUM
1	I don't know if this Hon Machi and the one on Dobson and Ray are related, so if they are, the one on Dobson and Ray is amazing, so this is not meant for that location.My husband and I went to this Hon Machi on Alma School Road, and there was only one waitress who was also the hostess, and there were at least 20 people in the dining room. Need I say more? It wasn't the poor girl's fault, her manager understaffed her, and I could tell how frazzled she was. I've been in her shoes, and it sucks. But we didn't have the time or patience to wait 10 minutes for a refill on our drinks. We asked for a refund on a few rolls we didn't eat because the service was ridiculous. We paid the bill, left and will never return. Who knows if this is how the business is run on a daily basis, but it only takes one bad experience. We definitely won't be back, but we'll definitely be going to the location on Ray and Dobson. That place never fails us!
4	I purchased a Groupon which was 50% off and used it at the sushi bar.  I was pleasantly surprised!  Decent service, tasty sushi, reasonable prices.  If I'm in this area again and crave sushi, I'll stop in.
3	Good overall sushi place.Food was good but nothing outstanding or out of the ordinary. Decor is pretty basic on the contemporary side.Pretty traditional sushi place.
4	Dynamite Scallop Rolls are the reason to show up everytime. The sushi taste fresh, and the way is set up is neat. It's a little concerning when I always go to an empty place, but I definitely enjoy the sushi there. I wish I could have reviewed a longer mor in depth review, but I haven't tried any other dish.
5	great alternative to Benihana. yes, it's true the chefs here are not as animated or charismatic as the ones at Benihana. but forget that and just focus on the food, it's actually comparable to more expensive places. I had steak and shrimp, and my kids had the kids size teriyaki chicken. everyone was full and we had leftovers. the veggies and meats were cooked perfectly without being burned. it is worth it to get the fried rice for a little extra. great food, big portions.
1	Had sushi here 2 times and it tasted alright for the most part, though the fish tasted a bit "fishy" not very fresh, and the ginger had a weird forresty taste or as if it had fermented for a while. BOTH times I got bad stomach aches and got the squirts! THE FOOD HERE IS NOT FRESH IT WILL MAKE YOU SICK!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	Good service, nice to go in a group for presentation. Grill items are not bad but sushi is not as fresh or good as it can be. I would come back again just not for sushi.
4	Great teppanyaki grill! Wonderful service and friendly staff! Our family came here and our children not only loved their meal but enjoyed the entertaining chef! We heard about the restaurant on Groupon and will definitely be back!
5	Great sushi!  My family and I love sushi and finding a spot in the Chandler area was tough until we found Hon MacHi!
1	My boyfriend and I decided to try Hon Machi a couple of months back. We wanted some sushi and we new to the area.When we walked in, there was a man yelling that he would never come back here... Not off to a good first impression so far. The place wasn't too busy, maybe two of the tables were being used and no one was at the sushi bar. We stood in the front for several minutes, while servers continually seemed not to notice us. We eventually decided to just seat ourselves at the sushi bar. A waitress came about 10 mins later and took our drink orders, but did not provide us with any menus. The overall customer service was terrible. We gave it about five more minutes after she dropped the drinks off and decided to just leave.
1	My boyfriend and I went to Hon Machi tonight and have been many times in the past. Our sushi appetizer was great, but our chef was extremely dull. Not very entertaining - which is one of the main reasons for Tepanyaki. The food was pretty good but on our way out we saw a cockroach... Gross! Then we turned around to see a cricket! I couldn't believe it. So disgusting. We will never return.
5	Went here other night for my birthday! Love that they have reservation options and they had the table ready when we were there. Our server was amazingly nice, funny and personable. We had 7 in our party. They went out of their way to make sure we were having fun and made my birthday a great one!
5	Perfect teppanyaki experience, both me and my girlfriend ordered the filet, and not only was it an amazing price but it was melt-in-your-mouth delicious! We'll definitely be going there again!!!! And their fried rice is also amazing!
1	Walked in with a party of four, stood at the front for 10 minutes. They were clearly understaffed. We had a coupon from Amazon that gave no clear distinction that it couldn't be used for lunch specials. When they told us we only could order from the regular menu we were ok. Now we weren't trying to nickel and dime them, but we asked if we would be allowed to use ALL of our coupon for 3 people's meal, which would have taken care of their bill a little, and then a separate check for their lunch menu. They said because we were at the same table we couldn't do that. Which is ridiculous if you're doing separate checks. The waitress didn't know what some items on the menu were. We were treated very poorly from the start and whatever policies there was no apology for executing them or discussion. We were treated like idiots
1	Have been to this place before. Food was good. Came in with a groupon today. Asked specifically what it covered. Attempted to order from regular menu with groupon for my wife, friend and I, and my son was going to ordered from the lunch menu for himself. We were told that this was not allowed at the same table. Trying to explain again our intent, the restaurant refused, despite the fact that items on the groupon were significant. We got up and left. Went to Rock Lobster, aka The Sushi Room.
1	Went in today to eat dinner, and was seated promptly. However, after that waiters seemed to wander around. To clarify, there were around 20 guests and 3 or so waiters. The waiters gathered by the bar and talked with each other as we sat there. 10 minutes went by and nobody even looked at our table. So we got up and walked out, and a waiter waved like he had no idea we hadn't been served. Take this with a grain of salt, because to me, service is so important. I'm in business, and you can easily lose or gain customers by being respectful or showing no regard for customer service. Hope they remedy this.
5	Best teppan restaurant in town!
