4	So excited to have another Royal back in my life! I worked in downtown Phoenix before, and I was sad to see Royal leave back in the day. I never made it to Royal at the Market - sadly I reverted back to corporate America coffee after Royal left downtown. Luckily, Biltmore Fashion Park has been really pushing the opening of this coffee bar at the Red Door spa. After waiting for it to open, I finally went down there today. Sure, they are just opening, so there's some kinks. Today they didn't have a ton of syrup selections, including my favorite almond rocca. However, they're getting them all in very soon! AND they offer almond milk - how awesome! They've got three benches inside too. Although it's pretty small, and awkwardly has an elevator leading up to the Red Door spa, I think it's a pretty cool space. Can't wait till they get up and running and bring some decent coffee to the Biltmore. Great hours too - open early! ***If you've never had Royal before, please go try it.*** I think their lattes have a very unique flavor, something I haven't found in any other coffee joint. I can't believe I didn't drive to the Market location before this - but now I have something closer!Some tips - park by the Capital Grill and the big red door (duh). Luckily they have a Royal at the Biltmore sign on the window, or else I might have missed it. It'd be awesome to nab a 20 minute spot outside Mojo Yogurt too. They have a token validation machine, so don't be afraid to park in the token lot!
4	So, I just discovered this place at the Public Market on Wednesday night and loved it.  Then, on Thursday morning I read in the New Times that a location just opened up at the Biltmore (right near my work!!).  I think that's the best proof I've seen that there IS a god! This place is hard to find so let me spell it out for you: GO IN THE RED DOOR!! Yes, its INSIDE the salon.  It has the bottom floor all to itself, and I suppose the salon is up the elevator on the second level.  There is only seating for about 6 customers and it doesn't feel as cozy as most coffee shops do. It seems more like "grab and go" coffee place, and the Biltmore is not really a "grab and go" type place. But the lattes are amazing!!  Such a good rich flavor and not overloaded with sugar. I hope this place survives okay.  Its hard to find. Hard to park. And lacks a coffee shop atmosphere. 5 stars for the lattes, 2.5 for the location.
5	One of the highlights of my week was swinging by Royal at the Market in downtown phoenix's public market for a fantastic cup of coffee. When I moved offices to the Biltmore area, I was thrilled to hear that Royal was opening a location downstairs from the Red Door Spa. The drip coffee here is perfect. Royal's beans are roasted to perfection in small batches. Then, the beans for each cup of coffee are ground seconds before the cup is made (they aren't pre-brewed and left to get stale in a big thermos).The baristas here are friendly, knowledgeable and actually know how pull a shot of espresso. I don't often get espresso based drinks, but when I do, they are excellent. The Biltmore has long lacked a decent coffee place. Now, with prices lower than Starbucks (on every single drink), and quality FAR exceeding that of Starbucks, the Royal has filled an important niche. Don't get it to go. Sit down and enjoy a cuppa.
5	Even when the Coffee Plantation was there, the Biltmore FP was not a place to get a decent coffee. Then, with even the lackluster  Plantation gone, mall employees and visitors alike were left with only Borders and Paradise (*shudders*).Royal is such a wonderful and welcome addition to the Biltmore area. The use of the lobby space leading into the Red Door Spa is very clever, and the coffee bar and seating area itself are typical of Haye's talent for mixing design and functionality. It is the real deal and I look forward to drinking gallons of their delicious brews over the coming years.  Roast on, Royal.
3	If you are looking for that cozy coffee house where you can shmooze with friends for hours, while drinking terrific coffee and eating mouth watering pastries, this is not you place.To me, the acid test (pun intended!) for a coffee house is how good the coffee is.   I mean the unadulterated, drip coffee -- you know, the real thing.    Royal passed this test!   The coffee is hand brewed.    The blend has a touch of espresso that gives it a European flair.    In short, the coffee is really good.   So the "drinking terrific coffee" part is there.But the array of noshes is limited to 3 choices.   A cupcake.   A muffin.   A scone.   In contrast to the above mentioned hand brewed coffee, the muffin I tried tasted processed.   And not fresh at all.   The space isn't comfy-cozy.   So you may not want to sit for hours, sipping, reading, and shmoozing.But if all you want is a great cup of freshly brewed coffee, perhaps To-Go, then Royal At the Biltmore is your place.
5	I stopped in on my way to work as soon as I read it was open... a delicious chocolate chip cookie with walnuts (I think?) put me in a good enough mood to actually go to work, and my perfect iced latte got me through the night shift. I'm so glad Royal opened up in the Biltmore, that area definitely needs a good coffee spot. And so do I, right on my short commute. :) The space inside is nice, though it's small, I think it is modern and clean and inviting, good for a stop-in and fuel-up, if not a long lingering stay.
4	WOW! For such a small simple place they sure do make a great mocha latte.
5	They have more seating now, including outdoors.   Even though I previously complained about the parking - it has never been an issue for me.  The lot right across usually has heaps of free spaces and if you go for early morning coffee you can sneak a spot right out front by the valets.THEY HAVE ALMOND MILK!! Seriously, these are the best lattes I've ever had - I'm sorry I gave them 4 stars. I take it back!!
4	i've found my new coffee shop. i'd been on the hunt for a while now, and while there are about ten within a mile of my house, none of them were really doing it for me.  unfortunately, these shops tend to be of the starbucks or  "someone is playing live music and that annoys me" variety.so anyways, on to royal.  the space is minimal and modern, they were playing great music, and the barista who helped me was very friendly.  oh, and my latte was amazing. really. amazing.the only part that kind of sucked was that there was no place to tip on the credit card slip, and i unfortunately had no cash. the barista seemed to sincerely not mind, and informed me they'd be changing that within the next few weeks. now that i've found a coffee shop that's super close to my house and has some seriously solid coffee, i'll definitely be coming back regularly. and with cash. at least until they get that tipping situation on lock.
4	I try to stay away from Starbucks whenever I can.  For the longest time, the only coffee shop within walking distance from my office was Starbucks.  No thanks.  A few weeks ago, a co-worker told me about a new place that opened at the Biltmore, which excited me - especially when she mentioned it was another Royal!  Already a fan of Royal at the Market, I knew I'd be in for a treat.Not knowing where the shop was located, we parked near Paradise Cafe and walked through the courtyard until we ended up back out on the south side of the shopping center and found the shop on the lower level of the Red Door Salon.  The space was clean, bright, and simple.  Upbeat (but not obnoxious) music played over the speakers.  There were only a couple actual table with chairs but a few benches and many stools were set up on the wall by the bar.  The place looked ideal for relaxing, reading, or studying.Two baristas were at the counter and greeted us warmly.  I ordered a large cafe au lait and my companions each ordered coffees.  We only waited a couple minutes before our hot drinks were ready.  Because it was still too warm, I waited a few minutes before tasting.  The coffee was good, if not a bit too dark for my liking.  It certainly won't stop me from going back, though - I'll just ask for slightly more steamed milk than coffee.  As I type this review, I'm kicking myself for not also getting one of the very tasty-looking pastries in the display case.  I won't make that mistake next time.I'm looking forward to many happy returns to Royal at the Biltmore. Thanks for making it possible for me to enjoy a quality, non-Starbucks coffee during the work day!
4	I love this place!  For coffee in the Biltmore Fashion Park area, this is my new go-to spot.  They serve almond milk mochas, which is an automatic +4 stars in my book, and the location is clutch.  It's not a terribly large space, but it's adequate for a coffee house.  Their furniture is also a bit odd-shaped, but I dig it, so I don't know what that says about me.I can't wait to go again.
5	Awesome coffee shop at the Biltmore. This is owned by the same people who run Royal at the Phx public Market downtown. Modern vibe and right next to shopping. The iced Chai and the Iced hazelnut coffees are great!!!
2	Expected a lot more based on the other reviews. Cappuccino was a little bitter, and I was surprised that their default was to serve it in a paper cup for drinking it there. The barrista was nice, but seemed bored. Cute decor, but so echoy it was tough to have a conversation. Walking down to Paradise Bakery might be a better option for anyone seeking good coffee at the Biltmore.
4	RATB? RAB? RatB?...idk. anyway...Royal at the Biltimore is different. Different in all the ways a AZ coffee shop have never seen before. It really is in a class of its own. I dare place this quaint lil cafe on the level of LUX and Lola...maybe even Jobot and Cartel. All these cafes do coffee and they do it well.AZ makes Royal wonderfully different.I went yesterday and my first thought entering the Alice in Wonderland Red door and feeling the aesthetic of the place...it was clean and trig. The place is practically yelling at you, "Look how good I look!" The newness of Royals begs it to be criticized, we say, "Ok, Royal, you look good now, but what really matters is what is on the inside."I  paid with cc and used their stylish ipad ..I see you Royal..embracing the 21st techo revolution...your soooo coool. You must be compensating for your weak, bland coffee and espresso...I drink my ice coffee...Damn...I drink my friends mocha...really..[it bred life and tasted like happy...it was good]why the four stars?? Parking...you have to pay to park.? This is one of my biggest pet peeves...it stems from an antiquated past.*I hope to find a way around this...if so...5stars immediately.R\_NOte: *Dont park longer than 2 hrs...cuz you will have to pay.
5	I went back and tried a suggestion that I was told do...Apparently, if you are in a rush and not planning on to stay any longer then 5min the valet guys will allow you to park at the curb. I quickly went in, grabbed my ice coffee and left with no hassle. I was with my friend (Manny G.) and he thought the coffee trip to Royal was prettttty cool..idk why but he liked it. +1!I am pretty sure its not something the valet guys will allow if its happening on a busy day or rush, so if you time it right the Royal coffee shop could just pull it off to be a "quasi-drive thru cafe" ya?  maybe..nevertheless its a sit down coffee place, and it will and should stay that way...R\_[next] the cappuccino test...how good is good?
5	Great decor and service.  Nice to pull up curbside, walk in and always see a smiling face.  Wish I could buy a table for my home like the one inside, solid plank of wood.  Great coffee, cool environment.  If you are at the Biltmore Fashion Park, this is your coffee shop.  Somewhat deceiving entrance just below Elizabeth Arden Red Door Spa and to right of the Ralph Lauren Store.  There is even Valet if you need it.  For coffee though?  Probably not.  Oh, and they now have outdoor seating.
4	A very inconspicuous  coffee shop located right below Elizabeth Arden's Red Door Spa. They have a couple of pastries but just ordered an iced coffee for $3.00. It was a bit ''watery'' for my taste but on a hot afternoon, it hit the spot. Wish they had sugar water to flavor it but didn't see it available.
5	I love this second location in the Royal coffee series as much as the one at the market!Since it's summer - I thought I should mention that the iced coffee is so smooth and amazing that you don't even have to add anything to it!! Don't believe me?  Ask for a sample next time you are here and I guarantee you will be astounded!A quiet and chill atmosphere if you want to work/study/read as well as a great place for delicious grab n' go coffee in the Biltmore area!
5	I think Royal is my favorite coffee place in Phoenix. I REALLY like the coffee at Lux but it is always so damned crowded and the attitude of a lot of the clientele  is so stifling sometimes that I find it difficult to even spend the time to wait in line to get my coffee to go.Royal on the other hand is very quiet and serene (it shares the entrance to Red Door Spa so I guess it kind of has to be serene-who wants to me shoved out of the way by an overzealous scenester while waiting for a coffee before their massage?)Anyway, the decor is open and airy, modern minimalist-it reminds me of a coffee joint you'd hit up in Zurich (or maybe somewhere in Germany). And it's QUIET....you kind of want to whisper or keep your voice down like you're in the library. So I love to come here and relax and enjoy the peaceful atmosphere with a good cup of joe.Their Espresso is nice and smooth so I can always count on a full bodied Americano to get me where I need to be. They also have some yummy treats available too.Love you, Royal!!!!!!
5	This coffee shop is simply just COOL!! They make a "Rock-Star" cappuccino.. the right way! If you're in the Biltmore area, skip Starbucks and go here!   This is awesome!
5	The first time I went to Royal was a couple of months ago.  It is a cute little coffee shop in the Biltmore, between Ralph Lauren and Capital Grill.  The decor is awesome and they have a couple of tables inside and outside.    Funny thing is that my husband introduced me to Royal and he does not even drink coffee.  I'm glad he did, because the coffee here is awesome.  The cool thing is that they do not charge extra for soy milk.  Most of the other coffee shops in Phoenix do.  I always drink my coffee with soy in it.  :)If you are in mid-town area, you should head over to Royal at the Biltmore.
5	Royal has two locations in the Biltmore.  The original location is under the Red Door Spa and next door to Ralph Lauren and Capital Grill.  The second location in the Biltmore is at the new Union.  I work in the Biltmore area and Royal is a short 5 min walk away.  Their coffee is simply amazing!   This is how coffee should taste.  The Barista's are well trained and know what they are doing.  Haze, the owner, has simply gone to great lengths to hire great, talented people.  A conversation  with the owner or the barista's is just as good as their coffee.    The atmosphere is great as well but I wish they has more chairs with backs as opposed to stools and high tables.  Other than that, the best coffee house in Phoenix.
5	Great little place at the biltmore! I got a simple iced vanilla latte and it was perfect. Exactly what I needed on my day off of work.I will definitely be back =]
4	I had the coffee at Royal this weekend and it was just not as good as I remember it from their downtown location. Now...it may be me, maybe I have changed, but I think it was more the skill level of the barista. Not so hot. The coffee was still decent, but I'm hoping it is back to the deliciousness that it was when it was downtown.
5	I love this little coffee shop! The girls are so sweet, and know my order by heart now. I love that I never have to tell them what I want, they see me coming and start making it for me! And of course, its always perfect! Emily and Julia are sweet girls and great at what they do! My coffee is always -perfect- every time they make it (saw that someone said in a previous comment that they were unprofessional and "too cool for school", and its totally not true!) They always have a smile for me and chit-chat a bit as they make my coffee. Everyone that works here is good at what they do, and it shows in the excellent coffee!
4	Huge fan of Royal! I have been to both the Royal bar at Union and storefront in the Biltmore. Love their lattes either hot or cold. I prefer the Union location just because of the seating outside is nicer than the other location at the Biltmore. Either location will give you great customer service and excellent coffee creations.
3	They get an A for effort with the pour over coffee, but the roast could be a tad better. Space is clean and hip- next to Elizabeth Arden Red Door Spa/Salon.Barista's are friendly.If you are in the Biltmore area, a great little spot to stop into for your java fix.
4	Great coffee..
5	Where Royalty drinks coffee ;) and tea, of course! They have the best flavored almond milk lattes in town!
4	Loved my iced mocha! adorabl;e cool spot.
5	Best dirty chai in town! Friendly baristas and great atmosphere. Right below the red door spa. Definitely stop by when you're shopping at the biltmore. They now have another location inside the union shops, also at the biltmore.
5	I love this place!! The coffee was amazing the barista was fantastic.. I love this place. I love love love this spot.. Chia tea latte.. Then a earl grey yummy thing.. I cant wait to sit outside and hang out drinking coffee talking.. Love the one by the markets!
4	Deeeelicious latte. I stopped by for a quick afternoon jolt while holiday shopping with the mister.  It's refreshing to get a latte and a bottled beverage for under $7.  Two thumbs up!!  I will likely be hitting up Royal on future visits to the Biltmore. Fyi, they are located next to the Queen Creek Olive Mill cafe.
5	Royal Coffee bar, located in the Biltmore Union is by far the best spot for a cappuccino.  Having all but abandoned planet starbucks, I have settled in to looking for amazing local coffee spots and Royal is easily among my favorite places.  Coffee is amazing.  All baristas are fully competent and fun to talk to, the music is always laid back, prices are reasonable and hardly any traffic.  This could be the downside.  Sadly, the Biltmore Union goes though more makeovers than most 40-50 year old Scottsdale cougars.  The Olive Mill closed, which served up delicious food and drinks, Frances retired back to their Camelback/Central location, and a few others that I can't recall the names but I frequented them until closed.  There has been live music in the past but I have not seen it as of late.  I realize my review is eulogizing the Union but if people continue to avoid this gem of a shopping location, Royal could be in jeopardy which in turn, would leave me very cranky.  Is there wifi on location?  Who cares.  One sip and you will sheath your gold iphone 5s.
5	There latte are made by some very good barista's. I love there latte's the oatmeal s also really good and fancy
4	Nice coffee bar, located next to Red Door Spa, relaxed environment and cool vibe. Good coffee!
5	Ok, coffee plus mexican coke? The royal soda is pretty much the perfect mix of magic. Coffee lovers must try this unique beverage!
5	It's hip, it's not starbucks, and three words: almond milk latte. 'Nuf said. This place rocks and gets my dime every time I am at the Biltmore Fashion Park.
5	Mocha paradise! Having an iced mocha from Royal is like your taste buds spending the night at the Ritz while having one at SBUX is more of a Holiday Inn experience - both do their job but there's just something super special about Royal's. The best part is that there are actually 2 spots to pick up this delight at The Biltmore, one inside The Red Door Spa and one inside The Union area (love the local shops in there!). They also have amazing little blueberry fritters- yum. Treat yourself the next time you're in the area :-)
4	Similar to the other locations it's a good place to get your fix to go.It's hidden and there's a 2nd location/kiosk near the sushi place as well.
4	Their El Salvador prepared pour-over was a great cup. Friendly and talkative barista, she knew her coffee.
5	I have to say that this is by far my favorite coffee spot in the Valley.  Granted, I haven't tried them all, but of all the ones I have tried, this place is soooooo good.I live in Scottsdale, and yes, I do drive past at least a half dozen 'bux, a DD, and a few other small coffee shops just to go to the Biltmore to get Royal.  The baristas and broistas are always friendly, even on a Sunday morning, which also adds to the reason I keep coming back.  I can't recommend this spot enough.
4	Wonderful little coffee window in the Union at Biltmore Fashion Plaza. The barista was friendly, and knowledgeable.  I ordered a macchiato and he rightly checked to make sure I did not want a sugary monstrosity from Starbucks. The coffee was fresh ground well packed, and the dollop of foam was nice. Would perhaps have wanted a bit more of a "peak" on the froth but that is just being picky. The macchiato tasted smooth... clearly the coffee was high quality (they roast their own) , well packed and the water was hot enough. I did not notice what type of machine they had, but definitely top notch.
