2	This is an okay place.I placed an order for delivery late Saturday evening and it showed up an hour later. The people on the phone were pleasant, though I had to wait a few minutes while they got what they needed to take down credit card information. It seemed like I spoke with three different people...one person answered the phone, a different one took my order, and the third took my credit card number. This wasn't bad, just a little odd. I suspect they are still working out the various kinks that come with opening a new store.The menu has a fair number of main items and a couple appetizers and salads to round it out. It would be nice to see "Rice and Beans" as an option to add to any dish.The portion sizes are neither big nor tiny, just a little smallish. It's actually rather novel ordering food for two people and getting portion sizes for two people instead of six.The ingredients were decent and everything tasted alright...not awesome or crappy, but solidly okay. The prices are a touch expensive considering the portion size, but I'd say it's more-or-less worth it for the quality you get.When the food showed up it was lukewarm. Not surprising considering the amount of time it took, but this certainly didn't earn them any points. The packaging needs improvement. Everything was either sitting on thin bakery/deli like paper in large styrofoam to-go boxes with one item to a box, or wrapped in one sheet of bakery/deli paper and sitting in a paper bag. The temperature problem could be much improved by wrapping items in paper, then in foil and placing everything in one or two boxes. Just use a marker to indicate what the items are and you're good to go.I had the Huaraches. It had a decent ratio of meat/veggies/sauce, was spicy though not too spicy, wasn't bland but didn't have any flavor that really popped out, and it was small but stopped the hunger pangs so it basically accomplished its purpose.Overall I'd say they are right between "Meh" and "Good". I might order from them again, though probably for lunch instead of dinner.
5	was sorry to see bub's go, but had I known this great place would pop up soon after I might not have been so sad. they've got a great food and a variety of stuff. I've been going there quite a bit and get something different every time. the enchiladas are really good, although different than the ones from burrito drive. i always take the food to go, but the service is great. i can always count on a recommendation if i'm feeling indecisive. the new lunch and dinner specials have some great choices. regarding the portions sizes and price, i think it's fair. the food is great compared to something that's $2-3 cheaper. sometimes i eat a whole meal in one sitting, but usually not as they can be somewhat large. most (all?) of the meals come with rice and beans. try the horchata instead of soda!
3	This could probably develop into a good place.   Plenty of food, reasonable prices, seemed fresh.  But to be blunt, we had trouble ordering because of the language barrier.  When you ask 3 people working in a mexican restaurant for salsa and they don't understand what you want, we have a problem.
1	One customer order ahead of me, I ordered 4 tacos, and waited for almost 20 minutes. The entire time, a young child - I'm guessing the owner's kid - ran back and forth through and hovered around the food prep area, licking and sucking his fingers. Even though I did not see him touch or eat the tortilla chips in front of him, it just grossed me out and seemed unsanitary.  The taco meat was dry and relatively flavorless. This restaurant will go the way of its previous tenants...
2	Not happy with the tamalies  Out of the micro and just not good Fairly broad menu.  May try them again.
2	I just ordered the 3 taco lunch special, which comes with refried beans and rice for $6.99. I was not impressed. I was greasy and weird. They use hot sauce instead of salsa. and the taco shells were mushy. The refried beans were pureed. Not the worst I've had, but you could definitely do a LOT better in Madison. Next time, I'll be back at La Hacienda on Park or Laredo's in Madison (east) or Fitchburg (west).
5	I have eaten here 3 different times and have a great experience each time.  The food is wonderful. And the prices are great!!
5	This place has a bit of slow service, but once they take your order the food comes out quickly. The food is great and it's all fresh and everything on the menu has been DELICIOUS! Really recommend, it's one of our regulars now!
2	. I guess for $7.99 you get what you pay for although I was hoping for a surprise. Anyway, it's fine. Salsas mild to bland, pork in salsa verde: okay, tamales: okay...I could go on, but you at the point. Decor and a look at the buffet left me very nervous too...
3	Happy Grill Mexican Restaurant had good food but not the best service or decor. Chandelier with only four out of nine lights working, sticky table and straws but no water. When asked for tortillas twice, we finally got them when we asked a busser. Even though the service wasn't the best, my boyfriend and I agreed that it still was good food for an affordable price.
5	BUFFET MEXICANO. In bright green poster paper? Trust me, I was skeptical too. My stomach sank when our waitress asked if we wanted the buffet option. It was 9pm on a Thursday. Mexican food being dear to my heart, I wasn't interested in being disappointed. We asked for the a la carte menu instead, and our waitress said, "Are you sure you don't want the buffet? The food is fresh." Still wary of eating the day's leftovers I went with her to peruse the lineup. I spied fresh, buttery shrimp cooked with onions, still steaming. Also, were there two types of steak? Stir-fried green beans Chinese-buffet style?? I was intrigued, and sold.The buffet option comes with your choice of corn or flour tortillas, and deliriously tasty chips and salsa. There was a wide variety of dishes, each cooked in small batches and respectfully seasoned. What looked like dried chunks of meat in a stew ended up being tender, savory pork marinated in a cilantro verde sauce. I will never consider ordering a la carte here again. They do have a bit of competition from other Mexican restaurants in town, but I'd wager they put everything towards quality ingredients, making great tasting food, and charging a competitive price. While they might cut corners on other aspects, like the decor and plaza strip locale, they certainly don't skimp on the food. Did you know all-you-can-eat Mexican food can be $8.99 on weekdays and $9.99 on the weekends? If you don't know, now you know.
5	I went back for lunch on Sunday. The meal in general and in particular the flan received approval from a visiting friend who grew up in northern Mexico. Their soups that day - caldo de res (beef), menudo, and caldo de camaron (shrimp) - were so good, and they even had freshly made ceviche - precisely salted and limed. There was whole fried fish, with which my friend proceeded to make fish tacos. Good soup and fried fish are two of my favorite things to eat in the world, so yeah, I'ma b back.
2	Mer... Not a good selection for the buffet. Unless you want chicken, chicken, and more chicken. Food was dry, so I chopped up with lots of hot sauce. Cheap prices. So I guess you get what you pay for.
2	You get what you pay for and this place is very affordable. If I'm drunk and feeling cheap the place is pretty ok for delivery; but dead sober it's a disappointment. I've ordered a few times and there is a good hit or miss factor.
3	Not too bad for the price. I ordered the cheese enchiladas and ended up with chicken, but didn't mind it. The chicken portion was decent, actually pretty generous compared to others, but the flavors were just okay. The steak and shrimp fajitas was cooked just right - tender not chewy. But I don't see myself coming here if I have craving for Mexican food. But you will find me here when I want $1 tacos. Yup, they have $1 tacos and you can get whatever protein on it. The steak was pretty good but the barbacoa was a little bit on the salty side. They have chorizo and tongue, so you can still go for something different for $1 and not be limited to just chix or beef. So it's pretty affordable. Throw down 4-5 bucks and you'd be set for lunch/dinner.Tip: the location is a bit weird. I sat at the east corner not realizing that two feet outside the window is a bus stop. You'll get more visits from outsiders looking in than visits from your actual server. So note to self: do not sit at the far east corner.
4	Stopped in for the $5 burrito special, not the cleanest environment but the staff was friendly and the food was good. Definitely good for a cheap lunch.
5	The chimichanga was delicious. I would not go here for date night, but I would go here with a group of people who don't care what a place looks like and want big plates of cheap delicious Mexican food served up by a nice bunch of people.
