5	After calling about 10 places at 9pm on a Saturday night trying to get reservations for 9 people an hour and a half later, Le Continental was the first place to hook us up with a large ad hoc reservation.Some of us arrived earlier than others so we could savor a drink first - my friends were happy with the staff's wine suggestions, and I thoroughly enjoyed my cosmopolitan.Since none of the 9 of us spoke a lick of french, receiving a french menu in a french restaurant we were trying to discern what exactly it was we were looking at in terms of food.  The handsome, good-natured waiters brought us out some english menus, and though people ordered a wide variety of food items - the lamb, the duck, the steak frites, the flank steak, apps of calamari, figs, and beef carpaccio, all of us were extremely pleased with how tasty everything was, as well as how reasonably priced it all was (save for the Canadian tax, which is shockingly high, so it winds up evening out to still solid American pricing).  We all split up desserts - I had one of the largest creme brulees I've ever seen, and some other folks got the house layer dessert.  We ate dinner from 10:30pm until 1:00am, never felt rushed, and the best part was that they had already split up the check for our large party, even with distinctions of half-desserts on each bill for those of us who had split them!Le Continental may not have been the first place we called or even that 9th, but my cosmo, flank steak, and creme brulee were all extremely delicious and even after tax and tip I only had to shell out $42 Canadian at this ritzy jam.Highly recommend to anyone touting around Montreal - they were great to our large party - accommodating, sweet, and the food was totally worth it.
5	We  went to this place because we didn't make it for our reservation at Au Pied de Cochon. Saturday night traffic in Montreal was really bad coming from Vieux Port de Montreal after Cirque du Soleil show. On the other hand the restaurant is not within walking distance from our hotel, Le Centre Sheraton. It was 12:15 when we arrived at East Duluth and Au Pied De Cochon kitchen closed at 12AM. We found that the only restaurant that still open was Continental Bistro. Both of us don't speak french but our waiter was friendly and spoke english well. I ordered Duck confit (one of my favorite) and my friend ordered lamb shank. Both of them were delicious. For desert we ordered desert du jour to share. It was raspberry and white chocolate tart. We ate at two different French restaurant and this one was the best. Unfortunately they don't open for lunch. I want to order duck confit again before I leave I highly recommend this restaurant. Surprisingly not many people write review about this place.
5	My wife and I had a great time there. The food was extremely delicious and the service was very nice as well.
4	Excellent atmosphere. Our food experience was fabulous as well. Try the tartare (yum!) and mushroom ravioli.
5	My favorite French restaurant in the world. Beef flanksteak is amazing as well as all the appetizers.
3	Decent place for a late night dinner - I came across this place on a Friday night around 11p when most of the restaurants in the area had already closed.  At that hour, we could the restaurant surprisingly busy - maybe catching some of the late night eaters like myself.Pasta Carbonara, good but nothing special...Spare Ribs (Cotes Levees) - was a special for the evening, this was delicious, the meat fell right off the bones and had just the right texture and flavour.  The fries that came along with it were nothing special, but the veggies were done very nicely.Overall we found it to be a nice place, but for the price and considering the other restaurant options in the area, not a top pick.
4	Simple.  Perfect.  French.Dine in style al fresco.You'll be well treated.
1	Is it just me or do restaurants in Montreal just like to take their sweet time?Arriving after 8 with a party of 12, we were told that it was a busy night but things shouldn't be much later than usual.. fair enough.After our server skipped passed us many many times assuming that we were waiting for some people when we had told him we weren't waiting.... we put in our food.I ordered a green salad @ $6 and there was NOTHING in it except greens that seemed like it had come from a boxed salad from Costco. I had asked for a large portion but he indicated that it was quite big, forming  a ball. Too bad this ball was pretty much full of air as the greens had no extras - cucumber, onion, tomato... JUST GREENS.While our table was split into 2 groups of 6, the consistency of service was terrible. Table 1 got appies, and approximately 5 minutes after, table 2's main course had come out.... which is understandable because they must've been super hungry (probably after 9). As we were finish our appies, our server said that he didn't want to rush us and asked if we would like our main courses to be put in. We were so hungry - of course yes. We thought he was going to bring out our main courses.... but NO. he had not even punched the order into the kitchen yet! ......... it was probably another 40 minutes before Table 1's mains came out, and by then Table 2 is already eating dessert. We were so hungry to the point that we were not even hungry anymore. When we called the waiter over, he looked so nervous and had no answers for us as he hurried back into the kitchen in the hopes to get us something to eat.. let me say that all our food options were either raw, rare, or lightly seared. Not sure what took so long.The mains came out probably 10:30. We were not hungry anymore. My salmon tartare with avocado and lemon oil was sub par. It was 2 /3 avocado puree and the lemon oil tasted like water. Although other people thought the food was good, I could have really had a good meal elsewhere without the wait time.Not going to write anymore. There's nothing more to say. The thought of thinking about this makes me sad.
5	wonderful!  people here were very nice and accomodating.  the food was delicious- we tried a bunch of appetizers including beef carpacchio, scallops, escargot, and fig carpacchio which were all amazing.  the seafood was super fresh and everything was just executed perfectly.  the entrees were even better than the appetizers which is really a rarity with nice restaurants.  we had the papardelle with beef cheeks which was sooo good- the pasta was perfectly al dente and beef cheeks were so tender!  the duck confit was crispy and delicious with amazing flavors.  wine was really reasonably priced as well.  overall loved this place!
5	I often forget how big of a fan I am of this place until some random Thursday night when I'm looking for a classic place to eat something fresh and guaranteed yummy. Then I remember of all those late night after work snacks I've had and enjoyed there.This is the perfect little bistro. Well located, cute setup, and fun/affordable wines for you to try. I think they've narrowed down their food menu lately, but the good news is, they  kept the best dishes.So the beef carpaccio with manchego and the salmon tartar with avocado puree are great. BUT make sure you order the fig carpaccio served hot with goat cheese and the most amazing creamy pesto and balsamic sauce ever. Everything on the menu will be good, but keep your focus on the fig carpaccio - it will be AMAZING.I will admit that the bill can get a little high but the food is delicious and worth it. Plus, they're open late and have a cute (yet tight) terrace. You should go!!'
