1	Horrible customer service! They would not honor the warrenty on the plants we purchased since the order was under our landscaper's account. Even though we did not receive a discount at the time we purchased we are now out of hundreds of dollars on trees that have died. We went in twice before digging up the trees and transporting the dead things back to the store and no one told us about this "issue" until today. Totally ridiculous. Furthermore, the clerks seem to be about high-school age, maybe a tad bit older and are more concerned with what they did last night before they try to help you. The person whom I assume was the manager was not any better.
1	Horrible service.  We went with our landscaper designer.  No one at the nursery had a clue.  We ended up asking one of the laborers for help.  None of the actual nursery attendants could help us with answers at all.
3	This is your average run of the mill nursery. My wife and I are planning on redoing our backyard and they are very close to us.So we have spent a fair amount of time in here milling over their fair selection of trees,shrubs,and cacti. The staff is semi distant from there customers and it seems like 1 out of 5 visits we have someone ask if were finding everything ok. But if its not one of the times they ask be prepared to try and find one of the staff members strategically hidden throughout the store.
4	Out of all the nurseries we went to, the Ann Road location for Star Nursery was the best in terms of customer service and a decent selection. We even drove up to Moon Nursery, but after a pushy sale person tried to sell us a tree we did not want. Another customer service rep ignored us while we waited to be rung up for 10 very uncomfortable minutes. I even asked if he could ring me up and he just looked up at me and then back to his computer work. Really, you did not just ignore me. WOW! Grrrr! Finally got assistance from someone else. Almost walked out, but they had a nice price on tomatoes and herbs. After the sale was rung up, No thank you, no nothing! I felt they did not need or want my business.So, on to Star Nursery on Ann. Helpful very knowledgeable staff members assisted us while we perused their assortment. I have never had a bad experience here. Yes, on occasion I have had to wait for help, but they are always friendly and never rude. They are super convenient to where I live. My family and I love their ever changing pond of fish and turtles. The over head shading helps to keep the sun from beating down on you as well. They have a selection of free pamphlets on plants and other topics to take as well.
5	We recently bought a $250 gift certificate from Star Nursery, so we could get a free landscaping plan.  Heather designed such a wonderful plan for our "pool" yard.  She obviously spent hours on this project.  Her enthusiasm for the plants she choose was definitely transferred to us.  She gave us so much information and spent 1.5 hours with us describing each plant, and why she choose it. We can't wait to get started planting!!!  Along with the plan, we received an estimation of the cost of the plants.  We spent thousands of dollars with previous landscapers, and the plans were so traditional LV. Awesome experience!
5	My experience wasn't as bad as previous people. I personally like to be left alone when I shop and like to seek help when I need it. They have an information booth I went to it and got someone to help me answer some questions. I asked for help lifting stuff from my cart and to my car and got it. The staff was very nice to me and didn't try and sell to me. Which I appreciate.
5	I love this location. I go to Star each year for my gardening needs. I have gotten fruit trees and vegetable plants other places in town and never had the same experience as here. The fruit trees we planted from Star are very lush with leaves and the apple tree already has blossoms on it after just 1 year. They do offer and return or exchange on all trees that don't take within a certain time period. My vegetable garden is thriving I will never get my pepper pr tomato plants anywhere else! They have an expert out in the garden area ready to answer any questions you might have about planting. The store inside is very neat and clean. They do offer a %10 senior discount on certain days. They have wagons and flatbeds for you to round up your goodies with too.
5	Nice to hear a GOOD tale about a business...Month back I bought a fruitless Plum tree at Star Nursery...It croaked in just a few days...Went back and showed them pixs and whithout a hassle they said to come back and they would exchange it for a different tree that might do better in our back yard...Jim was the mgr. and today he brought out two trees from the back of their lot to show me...Above and beyond...That is why I shop at STAR Nursery...You should , too...If you hit the Ann Rd store, thank Jim once again for me...OK?
2	We bought four trees from Star.  Instantly, all became sick.  We called, and for $60 a tree doctor would come out and look at them. Um, no.  We went in, and we were told that the first person we bought the trees from was wrong, and we had not used the right kind of mulch.  Great.  There's $80 wasted.  We got the right stuff, and one tree instantly dried up and died, but the three came back. This tree's carcass was just returned to them. Now, even though we were told to just bring it back with our receipt, we had damage done to our home and the receipt was destroyed. I had my bank statement in hand and had already spoken to the manager.  I was told "Well, this has to go through corporate so we may know in a few days'--I had already called about this 3 days ago.  I argued and argued, and finally got a store credit (he said he couldn't find my purchase but come to find out, he was trying to refund me too much for too big a tree), but he said he may lose his job over it.  I'm not sure how doing the right thing makes you lose your job??? That says a lot if a company is going to fire a manager for standing behind their warranty.In the meantime, the three surviving trees started to die.  We looked it up and spoke to another  nursery, who stated that Star had told us a totally wrong watering schedule, along with the wrong sort of fertilizer a SECOND time, and to try changing our watering around.  Voila.  Inconsistent information and us having to constantly nag and follow up to place orders for more trees...in the words of Sweet Brown, "ain't nobody got time for dat."
5	Want a nice place for trees and shrubs? This place has great info. on what your getting and how to take care of it...One gentleman in there (w/raspy voice) knows his s***...Good variety of stuff, they run sales all the time..
2	Came here to look at trees to replace one that recently died at my house. My landscaping guy recommended this location so I decided to check it out. I walked around the outdoor plant area for about 20-30 min looking at plants and trees and never once did any employee acknowledge my presence or ask me if I needed help. After a while I decided to just leave. This is a decent place to buy landscaping supplies and plants/trees, but only if you know what you want. Don't come here expecting any kind of help or customer service.
4	Staff is helpful and informative.I was scheduled a delivery for rock waited all day it was store mixup I called and asked wtf. the rock was delivered within 30 min and refunded delivery charge w/ store credit for it..great tips especially fromthe younger guy from Georgia I can't remember his name but he even offered to help move rock from front to back of house to help out cause of mixup I only deal with him he knows his stuff..very knowledgable my grass from seed grew from his tips
1	If you want to be messed with, I suggest ordering something to be delivered by Star Nursery. On Tuesday, 5/6/14, I ordered 2 yards of top soil. A very simple order. I was told it would be delivered Friday morning. I got home at 3pm and the dirt was not there. I called the number they gave me on my invoice and asked where the dirt is. They said they would call a driver and call me back to give me a time. 45 minutes passed and they did not call back. I called the same number and asked what happened. They left me on hold for 25 minutes, and then told me the order was with another star nursery location. I asked why they didn't tell me that when I first called and the said we're sorry, but it's at another location. I called the other location and they said something about the order was already "sold," so they could not look up where the order was. They told me to call the original store and find out what happened to the order. Horrific service. Might as well be calling the IRS for customer service.
1	Update to my previous review. Star Nursery finally delivered my dirt at 6:30pm. The next day, they showed up with another 2 tons of dirt which I didn't order and dumped it in front of my house when I wasn't home. Driver didn't notice the mess from the previous dirt pile delivered the day before. Amazing how poor and disorganized they are. I made a call for them to come back and pick up their dirt. Curious to see what happens tomorrow.
5	It started out good. We were the first to order and Pay for sod that hadn't arrived yet. Were told thry would call as soon as it arrived.  Less than an hour later we go back and they had recieved and sold out of sod.  No phone call.  This place took it upon themselves to call another one of their locations that still had sod, put it on hold, went and picked it up AND delivered it to my driveway! That proves to me that they value their customers. I will continue to shop there for all of my yard projects.  Thank you Star Nursery!!!
1	I'm a huge plant person. Love to garden and barely stepped into this star nursery for the first time since I moved here 5 years ago.( I cannot compare this location to any other). We were greeted at the door by a kid who whispered to us and I continued to ask him the same question until I could actually hear him. He was the only one to greet us the entire time we were there. Prices are a little high and there should be no reason for it, they could be competitive and beat all the big companies but whatever. Their plants were horrendous! They all looked to be on their last leg. I'm sure most people visit here if they are looking for something that they cant find elsewhere but Home Depot had a better selection.  What made me super sad is that growing up there was a nursery close to home that we would shop at and it was like a staple to my youth. This place could very much be the same thing to many people in the area but their prices, lack of quality and impersonal type of CS is what made me walk out never wanting to return. I really walked in hoping to make this into something similar to what I grew up with but no way. Let's revisit the fact that not one person asked if we were doing okay and when we checked out (our 1 item) she barely said hi and handled the transaction with no CS skills at all. Everyone around her was the same way. We commented loudly about it. I'm getting really burned out on the rude ways of Vegas for sure! So for being a "local" business that's been in the community for awhile, they sure live up to the rude Vegas style of high prices for  low quality product with a side of rude employees . They should learn to want to entice people to shop there not push them back to big corps!
