4	Always informative and helpful!  A smaller store but great quality!
5	The store layout is very easy and open to find what ever you need or to just browse. The staff is extremely helpful in making sure that you get the right animal for your setup. If you're looking for reef, saltwater, freshwater or reptiles, this is the place. They can order most anything you want or need as well.
5	We just got our first reptile from this store. Very informative and good selection. We got a great deal on our chameleons whole set up. Our family has always had dogs but never a reptile or small animal so we were brand new. I feel that if there is ever a question or problem the owner and staff are knowledgeable and always wiling to help! Thanks for our new addition!
5	Glass Habitats is one of two specialty stores I frequent for my salt water aquarium needs. Although small, this store carries aquarium supplies and fish that fit my needs for the 60 gallon size tank I maintain. The store is operated by the owner who is extremely knowledgeable and helpful. I've spent a good amount of time on different occasions picking the owner's brain so-to-speak to get advice and support for the operation and maintenance of my home aquarium and he's very patient and forthcoming with information.
5	These guys know what there doing.  They set me up with an awesome tank for my fish.  I wanted a tank that was easy to maintain so I wouldnt kill off my kids fish.They also have great prices and listen to your needs.  They also will come to your house and clean and repair your tanks.  They can order exotic fish and reptiles
5	Everything you may need for your animal behind glass they have! Food, supplies, medicines, freshwater fish, saltwater fish, bright beautiful corals, amphibians, reptiles and tanks! If they don't have what you need they will order it!The guys at Glass Habitats do maintenance, so if you need a new tank built, a tank cleaned, emergency calls, they do it all!!!! They are all so knowledgeable and if they don't know they will find out! SUPPORT LOCAL! Keep up the good work guys!
