3	Hostess was NOT friendly. Waiter was not an ougoing guy either but gave me good service. I ordered a Blackened Chicken Sandwich with fruit and the sandwich was OK but  a little plain. I was not impressed by the plate presentation. The fruit was terrible. it must have come from a can. (is it really that hard to cut up some fruit?) the food took too long to come out in my opinion. The building is nice, new and clean with new fixtures and flat screen tv's and decent decor. Parking in rear only. Front of the building has outdoor seating. Temperature was comfortable. No strange smells. It was Friday at 1pm. Will not repeat.
2	Went there once about a year ago.  Huge cavernous building and we were the only ones in there.  The place felt sterile and dirty at the same time.  Bland walls, plastic grape vines, old beat-up carpet, tables, and seats.The food was unremarkable.  Drive by this place often and the only thing I see filled is the bar.  Other than that, it looks relatively empty.  Not sure if that is because it's a large space to fill or people avoid it.I'm willing to give it another try, but not jumping at the chance.
2	Food is average for this type place.  Bar service leaves you waiting, and they come  off like they are doing you a favor by serving you, also way overpriced compared to similar spots in the area!
2	I always think this place is going to be awesome, and then remember that it's "southern style home cooking" which to me, is gross.  Everything's fried, veggies are no doubt from an industrial sized can or jar, and for the price, I could make it better, fresher, and cheaper at home.  The sunday "brunch" buffet is $10/person, for a bunch of fried stuff, soggy and bland veggies, and iceburg lettuce for salads.  Maybe I'm a food snob, and I realize it's a buffet, but I could get more options for less moolah at Ryan's or Golden Corral, as much as it pains me to say that.If you're part of the over 55 crowd, then this might be the place for you, which is sad, because the Sunday brunch options on this side of town are seriously lacking.  Hate it if you want, but this kind of buffet offends my delicate Northern tastes.  Can't say anything of their regular menu, but as for the brunch buffet... not a fan.As a side note, I realize it was a buffet, but I watched our server stand at the table next to ours talking for about 10 minutes after our plates were cleared and we were ready for our check (which she had in her hand).  Apparently the place is under new management, and they're trying to make things better, but as far as food and service goes... would not return here.
2	This is one of those places that I occasionally visit because I want to like it.  My experiences are at the bar side, so I'll stick to that.  The bar staff seem to genuinely want to be friendly but fall short on professionalism and bar/service knowledge. Don't expect quick service or attentiveness just because there are only 6 people at the bar.  I've had bar staff up and take a smoke break, leaving the bar unattended.  Liquors, ingredients and garnishes in limited supply.  Drinks are a little expensive for the area, too.  The food is decent, but it doesn't make up for the poor bar service.Having said all of that, understand that I have had a few good experiences when the bar has been a little more lively.  I guess I caught the A team on those days.
1	there is no consistency here and the past few years it has gotten bad.  I just heard there are new owners so I am hoping for the best.  I always envisioned a comedy club kind of entertainment there.  The bar side is perfect for it.  if anyone has eaten here recently please post .
1	We have eaten here in the past and it was at least a three star. Upon entering today the sanitation grade was 92.5 and completed on June 10, 2014. The food on the buffet was cold and some items were warm. We notified the waitress who said she asked them to turn up the heat. The items that were cold were never trashed and replaced. Other items were over seasoned. The window sill where we sat was disgusting with cob webs and bugs. Other walls had food items stuck to them. The waitress brought our bill. I was not going to pay full price for this meal and the manager needed to know these issues. We called her over. She apologized and reduced the bill price. I just now hope that my family doesn't become ill from the horrible food preparation practices and unclean environment. Even my eight year old that eats anything was disgusted by this experience. I don't know how we could return unless I see other reviews or hear that this place has invested in capital improvements, management training and employee training. I love shopping local but don't know how you can when local fails to provide quality and cleanliness.
