3	This Barnes & Noble is just like every other one out there... except bigger. They have the usual selection of books on hand, and lots of the self service kiosks to search for the more uncommon finds to have delivered to the store. Each of the times I've been in this location, I've experienced great service. It's located in the San Tan Mall, on the south end, right on Williams Field Rd.
2	As a teacher, I am part of B&N's educator discount program. I've never really had a good experience in their stores, but as a teacher, I need all the discounts I can get for my classroom. I needed an ESL book for my ESL students, and went there to buy one. When I got to the front, they informed me that this book was not covered under the discount. I explained why I needed it, and the girl just shrugged. When I asked to see which books were covered under the discount program, she shrugged again and said they had no way of knowing which books qualified for the educator discount. I asked to speak to the manager and she basically told me the same thing with the same uncaring attitude. I was not happy with their lack of empathy. To be honest, if they had apologized and explained why they had no way of knowing, I would have been understanding. However, they did not. They simply treated me like I was taking up their time and not an important customer. I went straight to Borders, found what I needed, and was even given a coupon to use by the staff there when I explained what had happened at B&N. I will never buy another book from B&N again.
3	I judge a book by its cover and I admit it. And with the invention of these e-readers there is nothing left to go to a bookstore for. Hence, the selection is pretty bad. So sad, so disappointing. I did go in looking for a specific book and was able to find it, but there really is not much to look at. There is more of the extra stuff available like book marks, stationary, wedding planners, magazines... And of course the coffee bar. The staff was kind and friendly, but it is not about them that makes me so sad. What happened to bookstores? What happened to libraries? Is our society so technologically savvy that we can do nothing without an electronic device? I am going to stand strong and continue to buy old school books and newspapers and magazines. There are somethings that just aren't worth taking that extra step for...
4	About average store. Asked for help finding books on a specific topic. Young man looked on the computer and said none were available at that location, but offered to order them for me. I then went and did some looking on my own and found four books on the exact subject I was looking for?
5	Great store, great location near a large outdoor mall. The employees are friendly and very helpful. The selection of things to browse and purchase is exceptional.
4	It's exactly like every other Barnes and Noble I've ever been to, exactly.
4	Unfortunately I'm not a BIG reader so I typically avoid this place like the plague but I value the importance of learning so I bring my baby girl here to buy & read books. The staff here is always courteous & the store is always exceptionally clean. Love the fact there is a star bucks here because I'm already antsy about having to read, a good jolt of caffeine really puts me into the "Zone" JK...... We took advantage of their reading program for kids this year & I can really see the sense of accomplishment in my daughter. Nothing like a little hard work to earn something. Go Baby girl!!! Thanks for offering this program Barnes & Noble!
4	I love this location.  It's beautiful & the two levels really set it off.  Great assortment of graphic novels, not just your typical comic book genre.Didn't find as many great deals as I have at other locations... not sure why but it's a nice spot to hang out.  A lot of seating for reading which I enjoy.
5	One of the best I've been in. Huge selection, nice layout, awesome staff! I'm a local teacher and they are always willing to order extra books for me and hold them for my kiddos.
4	I like this location. I am a fan of book stores because I love books. I am not going to lie, I usually don't buy anything from Barnes & Noble mainly because I can get the same book online for a cheaper price. I do like how this store is laid out. You can find the section that you are looking for easily.
3	I really love B&N, it's got a huge selection and they have a vast array of discounted books to boot! This store is two levels with lots and lots of comfy seating, a Starbuck's of course and really clean bathrooms. The only thing that this store could work on is that there are generally a lot of teens if you don't go during the day and they scream shrilly at each other as though anywhere but a book store. I like my book stores to resemble libraries, which means talking in a whisper. At this point I'd settle for an indoor voice. There also isn't a lot of help around, but generally lots of people asking questions. So, no bueno.I love this place, but please get the screaming teens under control, it makes for a really unpleasant environment and I left almost as soon as I walked in.
1	Went to this store today and someone stole my daughter's iPhone. Asked the staff to review their security footage to give us a description of the person and eventual vehicle description to provide to the police. According to barns & nobles policy, they will not review any footage or give it to PD without a subpoena unless the crime is committed against the store! Unbelievable how unhelpful they were considering the crime occurred in their store. Apparently, they only value their store and not their customers. Needless to say I will never spend another dime in this store. Beware and I hope no one else ever becomes a crime victim in their store!!! Go to Amazon instead.
4	This place is amazing. The staff was really friendly, helpful and they have an amazing selection of art books. A must destination for book lovers!
5	I bought a nook from this location a year and a half ago. Today I had to return it for a third time, not Barnes and Nobles fault, for a new one. I had James helping us because the Nook people were fighting us for this return. James spent over an hour and a half on the phone making sure we got the replacement we asked for. He was awesome and I am very impressed with his dedication to the customer!
