5	One thing difficult to find is a good hairdresser.  Believe me I know I have had several since I moved here.  No more, if you want a nice salon with a fabulous Stylist go in and see Stephanie.  I had gone to her at a previous salon but followed her when she and Susie opened their new Salon.  It is really nice!!!  A great experience, super clean (unlike my last place with dust bunnies everywhere), nicely decorated and Stephanie is awesome.  I always walk out with a smile on my face and happy about my cut and color :)Give them a call!!!  You will not be disappointed!!!!
5	Hidden gem!  I found DeTour on Yelp after a long search for a hair salon close to home.  When I called, I was able to get a haircut appointment that was convenient and same day.  Stephanie (the owner) did a shampoo, cut and style for me.  She made a point to ask me what I wanted out of my visit and made helpful suggestions regarding choice of style and hair care tips relevant to my hair complaints.  Stephanie cared about what she was doing and it seemed like she was truly interested in taking care of her client's needs.  The salon was clean and has a cute shabby chic look to it.  I appreciated the 10% discount I received as a new customer.  Usually I don't end up visiting the same salon twice, but I definitely plan to return to DeTour!
5	This salon is fantastic.  I called and got an appointment the same day.  Price is very reasonable, and the staff is very friendly.  Very convenient location for Boulder City and SE Henderson clients.  Stephanie is very knowledgeable and really listened to what I told her that my usual hair day is, and needs to be (such as quick for on-the-go), and made amazing suggestions and I love everything she did to my hair.  She is honestly the best!  And yes, the salon is super clean which is a MAJOR MUST in the Las Vegas valley, and the previous comment about being a "hidden gem" is right on!!!
5	I am very nervous when it comes to getting my hair cut but this is a place that I will definitely return to.  Stephanie made me feel completely at ease and I felt like I was chatting with an old friend.  She did a wonderful job and took her time to make sure that I was comfortable and getting the cut that I wanted.  I also loved how the salon was decorated.  It was warm, clean, and inviting.  I highly recommend DeTour Salon to anyone.  You will not be disappointed!
5	This is a great salon. Love all the products. Stephanie does a great job coloring my hair and I am very picky about how my hair is done. It's very clean inside and they are very personable. Great place!!
5	5 Stars all the way around. The salon was super cute and Stephanie did a awesome job on my hair! She is a very talented hair dresser and a pleasure talking too. Looking forward to getting my hair done again. Oh yes, and I love all the products they sell and use. For sure check this place out :)
5	I was a walk in and they were able to fit me in that day. Stephanie is very fun and did a great job on my hair. I would definitely go back.
5	I saw Stephanie for color, highlights & trim. She's awesome! She did just what I wanted and I'm so happy with her work I will be going back to her from now on. The Salon is really nicely decorated & clean. She's fun to talk to as well!! If you're looking for someone to do you're hair, & you are picky, go see Stephanie! You won't be disappointed!!
5	The search is over for me. I have found my hairdresser. Stephanie is amazing. Very sweet and knows what she's doing. She listens to what you have to say and gives you the cut style and color you want. I love my new hair. She doesn't try to squeeze 3 other people while your color sets in either. She made me feel very welcomed and comfortable. The salon is very clean and I love the way it's decorated. Manicure and pedicure is your thing- no problem. They do that there too. I recommend it to everybody.
1	Uggghhh. I am so torn. My stylist Stephanie was a great person, fantastic in fact. Her and I really hit it off! It's just too bad that her work wasn't the same. I came in a little over a week ago to have my roots touched up (I am blonde on top) and to have the black underneath touched up as well as some red put in under the blonde but on top of the black. Confused? Think of a candy corn effect with blonde red then black.Anyway she assured me that she did her sister in laws hair the exact same way all the time so I was not worried as to her abilities to perform. After the first application my roots were a yellow/orange color and I asked her if she used bleach (due to the fact that this has NEVER happened to me before and I've been bleaching my hair since I was in high school). She THEN told me that she refused to use bleach. PERIOD. Why did she not disclose this information to me BEFORE the service!?!?!?She kept telling me how this had "never happened" to her before and I thought to myself, 'me neither'!!! She tried to repeat the same process and my roots did get slightly lighter but there was still a definite line of yellow/orange where my roots were and where the rest of my hair was. By that time it had been 4 hours and she had to pick up her child from school. Also she didn't have any toner on hand because again, "this had never happened before". She told me to come back in an hour after she picked up her child and some toner and she would fix it. I came back in and hour and she came back with Paul Mitchell's "flash finish" toner. It didn't work. Finally after 6 hours in the salon and my roots still clearly showing I paid $100 to leave. I'm really shocked that she charged me at all in the first place!!! I was so upset with my hair and ran out of options (she left for California the next day and I left for a cruise 2 days after) so I ran to Sally's and BLEACHED MY OWN ROOTS. Voila. Bleach works. I should have just done it myself in the first place. I will post a picture of what my hair looked like before and after. And the picture I showed her that I wanted to look like. Then, you will understand my disappointment.
1	Wow. I was torn, but now I'm not. Stephanie, you are a great person but your work "this time" did not show that. I'm wondering how the pictures I took seem "suspicious"? That's a pretty ballsy thing to say especially since you tried to fix that exact problem 3 separate times and YOU even pointed out that it didn't look right and that you would cut down the price BECAUSE of that. As far as "no hair stylist ever getting my hair right", I'm not sure who you heard that from, but it wasn't me. The charging too much was true, however, you charged me $100 for a job that WASN'T DONE. I would rather pay too much and have my hair perfect, than pay to leave with my roots still showing. And I'm wondering why you say that you, "always use bleach" when after the first round of treatment I asked you "Did you use bleach?" and you told me EXPLICITLY, "I DON'T USE BLEACH." !?!??!?I showed three different people the picture of my hair after I left your salon and ALL of them told me that I should not have paid. And they're right, I really shouldn't have. But I did because I know you tried and I liked you as a person.As far as a personal attack on me for being a "beauty school drop-out", I don't know how you think insulting me was warranted by my review, but let me just say that INSULTING past clientele is bad for business. I wrote the truth, nothing but that. I did not slander you, I did not call you a terrible person. All I said is what I know to the be the truth. 1. It took entirely too long.2. You charged me $100 for a job that wasn't done.3. My hair looked TERRIBLE. Truth. Nothing else.
5	I've been seeing Stephanie for several months now and I'm usually the girl that is ok with going to super cuts for a new do (ashamed to admit it but true!). I found her on yelp and scheduled my first appointment for a cut and highlights. I was really happy with the way my hair turned out and even after the color was a few months old I was having a difficult time wanting to cover it. This most recent appointment two weeks ago I told her I wanted to go bold. My hair was down to the middle of my back and I wanted to go short! Not only was she supportive of the change but she was pretty excited and confident that it would look great on me. That made me feel good considering I was cutting off a ton of hair. I love it and I've gotten a ton of compliments at work from everyone who has seen me with the boring ponytail I always wore. Stephanie does a fantastic job and she carries great conversation too. Here's a few pics I snapped..before..and after! I'll upload a few more of the back
5	Just went in not that long ago and have the best highlights done by a lady name Lynette! She was amazing, I would recommend her to everyone and all my friends! She even gave me a hair trim!! I absolutely love my hair!!! She awesome!!! If you need a stylist call her shell do great!
5	So happy with my hair stylist Stephanie at Detour Salon. I've been going to her for 7 months now and I'm always happy with the great job she does. If your looking for a awesome hair stylist go see her.
5	My hair used to be a dry, over bleached mess!  I'm very thankful to have found my stylist who cuts wonderfully, confirms with what I want, and even gives me her personal input on what would look best.  Stephanie is wonderful. Im horrible with scheduling and she has been open to taking me every single time lol! Stephanie is great to chat with and colors and styles very well :)
