1	The delivery driver mistakenly rang my doorbell, having confused 133 and 113.Rather than taking a step back and analyzing the situation, he begins to accuse my wife and I of ordering and refusing to pay for this pizza.The driver then gets on his cell phone and rather than calling the number than was given when the order was placed, begins to call his bosses and starts threatening me with felony charges. So I take the initiative and ask the fine upstanding gentleman what the phone number of the order-er was, phone my neighbor and discover the mistake. Rather than a thank you or a sorry, he just speeds off (breaking the speed limit on our block) to reach his destination 50 feet away.I would call to complain, but based on the other reviews, its clear the owners do not care about Carnegie or it's residents, and its pretty well known around town just how awful their food is, so it would be pointless to boycott a place I'd never order from again anyway.Do yourself a favor and order from ANY other establishment in town.
3	3/6/12  visit -  i am from san francisco bay area and if u want a dive go to china town in san francisco. - this place was dirty like chinatown dive but some of the best food i have every tasted came from a dive. the food was really good and my group ordered a bunch of different things it was all good- a- taste.- prices are reasonable a-. --------they dont speak english very good and got my order wrong.sweet potatoe fries a+pizza  - aeggplant hoagie b+greek salad b+gyro a+if they scrubbed the place down and the lady spoke better english 4 star ****
4	Recommended. 16 inch pizza on special was cheap. Fast service. Not the best pizza but above average.
1	Some of the worst pizza I've ever had.  We used a coupon from the paper for a 2 topping 8 cut Sicilian. First of all the pizza wasn't even cut through, and the sad attempt at cutting was so uneven that 4 of the slices were about an inch wide, while the others were about 4" each. The toppings were scarce, they used mini pepperoni and put maybe 8 on the whole pizza. The onions were huge chunks and the mushrooms were straight from a can. The worst part though was the thick doughy crust that tasted more like a fishy sourdough roll. I'm serious... It was so noticeable that it made me wonder if the dough was bad or if they for some weird reason put fish sauce in it. It was gross. We also ordered steak and Italian hoagies. The veggies were old and wilted, and there was no dressing on either. The Italian had deli meat that was clearly bottom of the line and not very generous. The "steak" (if you an call it that) was greyish instead of brown and looked like it was a processed meat chopped into pieces. No flavor or seasoning and the texture was reminiscent of spam. It was so bad that I only ate 1/4 of it and tossed the rest. I have ordered from here in the past and always been disappointed. I thought I would give them another try since I'd never ordered a Sicilian pizza from there. What a mistake. I will never order from them again!
