1	Possibly the worst customer service I've ever experienced in the Valley. I had to pick up a prop from this particular store, the salesgirl was not only COMPLETELY uninterested in helping me find the item I asked to be put aside (which wasn't), but when it was time to pay I was pushed aside so she could assist her friend first.I am 100% about helping local buisnesses however in the case of Dee's disappointing Dancewear? Never again will they get my dollars.Order your products online or go to a Capizio store. Either way you'd get better service at Wal-Mart than at Dee's.
1	I spent $76 on dance shoes. I was told by the owner to try them out around the house for size, since the sizes run 1-1.5 bigger than regular shoes. I decided I did not like the shoes, because they do not offer any stability or arch support. I tried to return them, and was told that it was too late! They have a FIVE day return policy. I have never heard of a five day return policy. I brought the shoes back 8 days after purchase, unworn, and fully expected professional, courteous treatment and a refund. I got neither. I would never patronize this bussiness again.
5	We go here for most of my daughters dance needs. They always ask us if we need help finding anything the moment we walk in the front door. Most of the time we're in there for new tight and they are always spot on in finding her size in two seconds. We went in once looking for a pink ballet skirt but none were on the rack. They opened up the shipment they had just received and dug through until they found the size in the style my daughter wanted and got them priced and tagged right away. They have also been very patient with my daughter who can be picky about her dance shoe sizing and always seem to know how to grab the right size on the first try. Their prices are very comparable to any other place I've looked. I tried searching around websites for better deals on the same items and especially when you add in the shipping costs its  better to go in the store and get to try things on to make sure they fit and not have to pay shipping. They have a wide variety of dance clothing in the store so your dancer won't be wearing the same exact black leotard as the other girls, they have some pretty Leo's even in the basic black color. And I love that when you give them your info, you get a 10% discount every time you go in. I've been signed up for about a year and have only gotten two emails for really awesome special for 40% off dance shoes and dance clothes! Its nice to get awesome deals but not constant junk mail. I recommend Dee's to everyone at our dance studio.
5	I went here today and the staff helping us was super sweet and nice. my daughter told her exactly what she needed. They asked her her height and weight, got her what she asked for and we paid and left. Was in and out in 5 minutes.
2	Sales people are snobby and act like you know nothing about dance. I despise going here to get dance gear.
