4	I have only used this place once so far but the staff is very friendly and were more than willing to assist me with my requests.  The pricing is reasonable and I know that they offer a variety of services here.  No complaints thus far and will return again for my dry cleaning needs.
5	Great service! Same day dry cleaning available at a very reasonable price. You really can't go wrong coming here. Been coming here for a while, they have a regular customer! ;)
5	as a first time customer this place would be my first pick to take my business suits to get dry cleaned.  the lady that assisted me was very nice.  they only charged $2.50 per garment.  so i was only charged $5.00 for a 2 piece suit.  i'll be back for sure!
2	This place ruined a like new $60 shirt of mines and left a note saying "we're sorry", and also to try to cover it up, they folded my shirt onto the hangar, who does that? I also took two jackets in and they looked the same when I got them back, and didn't even smell clean. Granted their prices are a quarter cheaper from the one across the street, and if you drop off your order on friday, it will be ready saturday, but still, I would avoid this place. Not worth all the frustration & disappointment. It's worth the travel to go somewhere better.
1	TERRIBLE experience. If giving this place no stars was an option, I wouldn't give it any stars. Horrible customer service.Prior to my visit, I looked on Yelp for other reviews and was satisfied with what I saw. I had a $200 silver blazer that I needed pressed with a small stain to be removed. I took it in along with a few other pieces of clothes and was given a pickup date for the next day. Upon my arrival the next day I had noticed a slight change to the color of my blazer. It had turned a slight pink color which wasn't what I had turned in. They tried to conceal the color change by covering the blazer between the other clothes I had brought in. I hadn't noticed until I had got home and when I did, I made a call back to the place and a rude female answered. She continued to rudely tell me that there was nothing they can do unless I can show proof of purchase. Now please note I had purchased the blazer a few months back. Now, I know I'm not the only one when I say "I don't keep every receipt." So I'll say it: I don't keep every receipt. She mentioned that even if the blazer was from a thrift store or a Walmart, I needed a receipt. Now this is where I was completely pissed off because she didn't understand the cost of the blazer. I don't recommend this place to anyone. The staff is completely rude and the place itself isn't appealing. There are other places in Laveen to get your clothes dry cleaned and I can assure you they would do a completely better job and probably would even level with me in this situation.I'm assed out on a $200 blazer thanks to this sorry place they call a "business".
