5	St. Louis Bar and Grill is the neighbourhood place for Chicken Wings and Beer.I was there with a buddy of mine and we had the Wing Platter and a pint of Grasshopper (an excellent wheat beer from Alberta, it was on draft) and both were excellent.Service was fast and friendly, and the free Wi-Fi was definitely a plus.  The establishment is close to RIM Park and on this visit there were lots of folks there for a hockey tournament.  Even though it was busy, the staff  were able to deliver great service!
3	We came in for a quick meal before the Kitchener Rangers game.  It was a fairly busy crowd for a Sunday afternoon.  At the time we arrived, there was 1 bartender and 1 waitress for the entire restaurant.  They were clearly busy.  Staff were friendly and trying their best to be attentive, which I appreciated.  The waitress was quite busy, so the bartender came over to take our order.  We had Buffalo Chicken Wraps.  Given how busy the restaurant was, I was pleased with how fast we received our order.  The only description I can use to describe our dinner was "bland".  Wraps really had no taste.  Not a memorable dinner but they do get marks for trying really hard to take care of everyone.  I am sure the kitchen was in the same boat.  Management should probably staff better.  I have been here before and has always been a decent experience.  For that reason, I give 3 stars...
1	Terrible service and the food was cold when it got to the table. Severely disappointing. Not nearly the same experience as it was a few years ago. Lots of other good places nearby
4	A very nice bar/restaurant located north of Waterloo, ON. The atmosphere is pleasant but it may be a little bit noisy when important games are on TV. I am very fussy on the taste of food and I know a good tasting sandwich when I eat one. We had the Korean bbq sandwich which was very tasty and made with high quality meat. The wings come with fries and are also delicious. Their fries are absolutely spot on served hot and fresh.
