4	You know the holiday is coming when The Wisconsin Cheeseman catalog arrives in your mailbox.Let's see.  A Gouda Santa?  Check. Sixteen oz. cans of cheese spread (smoky, bacon cheddar, sharp cheddar, blue cheese, wine)? Check.  Sausage Master sampler? Check.Cheese curds & batter? Check.Foot long pecan log? Check.Christmas Stollen? Check.You KNOW there's someone on your gift list who would dig this.
1	This company is a total rip off, it is affiliated with Swiss Colony,Ginny's, Country Door, Home at Five, Massey's, etc.   They claim that one year ago they sent me some product I had never heard of them until I got a bill, I called an told hem I never ordered anything or received anything.  I have been a loyal customer of al of the subsidiary companies for years and paid my account in gull on time.  Now this company has sent me to collections inspite of numerous calls to a RUDE customer service and crdit department,  I sent four letters and filled out their fraud report, which my attorney advised me later on not to do again although they want me to fill out another one as fraud reports can hold up the opening of bank accounts and loans.  I cannot irder from the companies I had been dealing with for years, MY holiday as ruined as I could not order my usual treats from Swiss Colony or gifts I wanted from COUnntry Door and Gunny's.  They have no pro
5	One of the top three gift-giving sites on the Internet.  The products they sell are available at http://www.wisconsincheeseman.com/, and unlike wine country gift baskets, you really get your money's worth of product and not just packaging.  It's better to pay a little more than go the cheapskate route and get embarrassed.  Saving a few bucks is not worth the humiliation or grief, so I highly recommend Wisconsin Cheeseman, FTD.com or Harryanddavids.com instead of WCGB.I searched about 60 sites for the best gift giving online, and have narrowed it down to the aforementioned trifecta.  The rest, you just don't know.  You don't know, exactly, how long the product has been sitting in the warehouse, if it's going to arrive on time, if the contents aren't going to spoil along the way.  Better to stick with the best and do it right the first time.Keywords: best gifts online, unique gift baskets, online gift giving, unique online gifts, quality online gifts, etc.They have other things besides cheese, such as meats, bakery items, fruits, nuts, chocolates, pastries, and also sugar free and gluten free gifts.  Highly recommended and the best customer service.
1	Avoid this company, they will rip you off!  I had a horrible experience and when I tried to report this I was continuously ignored.  They care very little about customer serivce, their prices are high, and their products are average at best.  You can do better elsewhere!
1	I placed an order at the beginning of the month and was suppose to receive it before Christmas. It hadn't arrived yet so I called customer support and they said it won't ship until January 23rd now.This is a very poor way to run a company.
