3	Like H&M or Forever 21 but instead of designer fashion for less it is boho Hipster fashions for less.  It seems like a trendy boutique but it is actually a chain out of Georgia.  Still, this is the only franchise in AZ so you are not likely to see anyone else wearing the same stuff if you shop here.  This place is not exactly my style so I didn't purchase anything when I stopped by.  But they did have some cool stuff.
4	Happened to walk by on our way back from froyo nearby and decided to walk in and check it out.The staff was really friendly (I was surprised at the young gal's very warm welcome.. good job... just a tad startling.. but good job!).  There was a lot of 'boutique' clothes there.. not clothes I typically shop for, but I was drawn immediately to their jewelry (more my thing) since I like one-off pieces to wear.One of the sales gals was very helpful and stood next to me the whole time as I looked at the Lenny & Eva straps and charms they had .. she was really friendly and helpful and talkative and all.. these gals know customer service.I liked the Lenny & Eva jewelry and had already decided I wanted to get a set, just wanted to figure out what combination I liked best (they are mix & match design) and she was very helpful.  The sets are pretty pricey, but it's a boutique and so these pieces are hand-made and seem one-off, so I can see why the price point for the L&E jewelry was higher than, say, Made-in-China Sears stuff (bah! what a horrid comparison, right?).Overall, they have quie a bit of things to look at.. if you don't plan on shopping, at least it's entertaining to browse through the unique offerings they have.  I'd go back to buy a unique or one-off gift..
5	I've been shopping at Lizzard Thicket for just over a year now. Not only are their clothes fabulous, but the staff ALWAYS goes above and beyond when I'm shopping or when I have a question about something I've seen on their website. They aren't overbearing or too "salesey", I mean, those ladies have the patience to deal with me, even on my most indecisive days.... :) The prices are beyond fair, and their sales are something worth definitely checking out!! (Especially after Thanksgiving).I'm so happy this gem of a boutique exists! Keep being awesome LT!
