4	Souvia is a lovely little tea store.  For anyone who enjoys a top-quality tea I highly recommend trying this place... they have over 100 different varieties of loose-leaf.  They also offer classes in "tea appreciation" and advanced tastings.  The only reason I'm not giving then five stars is because the ambiance is so spartan.  There are tables and chairs if you would like to enjoy a pot of tea in the shop but it doesn't have a very cozy feeling.  The shop is aimed at selling loose teas, and that's what they do well.
4	I'm obsessed with tea, particularly of the black variety. Souvia allows you to try different kinds of tea, either hot or iced. They have two flavors of tea (one of each temperature) available each day on the counter if you wish to pour your own. If you're someone like me who prefers freshly brewed iced tea, they will brew to order and put it in a 32oz. container to-go for the same price as a small pot. The teas are priced and sold by weight in grams, and you can store the tea in a handy bag (free) or tin (price varies depending on size).My favorite loose leaf tea they sell is called Afternoon Delight, and it smells like ambrosia, the drink of the gods. It's one of their tastiest black teas, in my opinion. (It's somewhat similar to Lady Londonberry, sold at Tealuxe in Boston.)Be prepared for a bit of a wait (just in case you get behind someone who's purchasing an elaborate gift basket and has to smell every single tea in the store in the process), but otherwise excellent service. It's probably not what you would think of as a traditional tea house, as it's spartan inside without the traditional floral curtains, frilly aprons and cozies. But, I think it's still nice, in a Japanese modern type of way.
4	I am totally obsessed with Souvia Tea.  They have such a wide variety of tea's its absolutly impossible to choose without consulting the staff, and they are happy to share opinions!  2 things I wish would happen: create better ambiance....ie love seats etc.  Its in a tiny little spot which helps to make it a little cozier but the seating arrangement is more study worthy than relaxing.  Also, the hours kinda stink.  Ok, maybe I just have my tea cravings at odd times of the day, but they almost always happen after 7pm!!!  I need a little calorie free dessert here people.  And closed Sunday = big :(  Its my only day off from work! Still, 5 stars for Souvia Tea, excellant selection, helpful friendly staff and extremely tasty!!
5	The best of the best. I thought we had some knowledge of tea boy was I mistaken, the staff at Souvia has taught us more than I could have ever wanted to know. This has proven to truly enhance our teaing experience.
5	I never thought I could be passionate about tea!  However, I've learned so many things from Souvia's staff about the history and types of tea that I now have a new love.  Souvia has a giant selection of teas that are sure to suit anyone's taste buds.  Move over coffee...I found a new addiction:)
1	I know tea..I have been drinking tea for the last 45 years all over the world. I have tried 4 different teas here and they were way way below average with unpleasant after taste. You are better off with starbuck or coffee bean tea. Souvia Tea would be my last choice for "good tea". Very very disappointed. still searching for the "best tea".
5	Awesome loose leaf tea spot in the North Phoenix area. You can have a cup/pot of tea in-house, or buy a variety of teas to go.HUGE selection of loose leaf teas. If you're a tea fan, a visit to Souvia is a must-do.
3	I have to say that the tea at Souvia was very good.  I have a pot of green tea and was quite pleased.    The selection is terrific and the staff know their teas.The atmosphere was sterile.  It felt as though the store was put up 8 hours before to be taken down the following week.  It was not cozy, but felt industrial as to the tables and generic chairs.  The hours are not that great.  Hint, add wi-fi!
4	I collect loose leaf tea and have a over 100 types, so I am always happy when I have a actual store to go in and smell and sample. I buy 75% of my tea on line and Souvia has not changed that for me, I would say I have 9 bags of there tea right now. I am really into the high end blacks and while they do offer a small tiny selection of the super good stuff its usually not what I am looking for. They have alot of flavored tea that is yummy and great for making iced tea, so I still get most of my stuff on line. Love Kerstin and Bret they are very informative and they always have great tea classes so you can learn about tea and preparing it. This is a great shop to stop and get a quick cup of tea and they always have about 3 teas of the day to sample but I live kinda far so I rarely make it over and they are closed on Sunday and that is my day off.
5	I love this place. The teas are awesome! They have 3 tasting teas of the day and are a family run local business. The employees are knowledgeable and friendly. I attended one of their tea classes and it was interesting and very informative. Their product is always fresh. They have a reward program,you can order and send as gifts online. They have an infuser that has a pressure plate on the bottom to drain the tea into your cup that rocks! Try this place you will not regret it... My only complaint is they close before I get off work so I only get to go on weekends. Five stars all the way!
4	Stopped in on black Friday, they were having a sale. I did save a couple bucks so that was nice. I bought a big bag of chai and pumpkin pie.  both of these are favorites.
2	I used to like this place quite a bit, felt their selection solid and their prices reasonable, but my last visit was really unsatisfactory. They were out of my favorite tea, which is okay, that happens, but instead of trying to save the sale and suggest something else both of the girls behind the counter decided to resume their conversation about someone, maybe a previous customer, instead of trying to assist me further. I don't like high-pressure sales, but a little effort at customer service can go a long way. I would have bought something else just because I've been a loyal customer for almost three years, I like to support local, family-owned businesses, and I made the effort to drive the distance to go to this shop. But the lack of attention really rankled me, and I walked away with nothing. Maybe it was an off day. I hope so.
5	Coffee, soda, and energy drinks are not for me. A good iced tea makes my world a better place, and Souvia Tea is the best place to get freshly brewed tea. Every time I walk into Souvia Tea I feel like I am in a modern East India Trading Company outpost. Hundreds of different teas line the walls, and the place smells so rich. Choosing a flavor is usually pretty difficult, and mixing teas is allowed which makes the process even more difficult. I LOVE the Souvia Sushi (like the green tea served in sushi restaurants) mixed with Mango Dream. Every flavor is available served hot or cold. I am usually just purchasing the tea for myself, so I am not well versed in the whole pot of tea option that they offer.
3	I don't visit Souvia often, but each time I go the employees are completely inconvenienced and annoyed to answer questions. With that said, their tea is delicious, my favorites are angels kiss and tropical green.
5	Who knew there could be so many teas right here in town? I've been frequenting this place for a good year or so now, and I've never been disappointed. They are super friendly and always willing to help you find your next favorite tea. The staff here remembers your name and tea preference every time you walk in the door. The members points program is cool too, I've been saving them for a while now and can redeem them for a lot of brewing items in there, or even a bunch of my tea! Family owned and it shows!
5	I would not consider myself a tea expert or snob, but I enjoy my Pu-Erh tea brewed in a pot made from the clays of Yixing China (in Jiangsu province if that helps).  Souvia has an impressive selection of real tea including the difficult to find Pu-Erh.  They have fuffy flavored type teas too.  I prefer the traditional green and Oolong teas.  Pu-Erh is the king of teas made from the leaves of very old tea trees and aged for a decade.  No matter how narrow or adventuresome your tea taste is, Souvia has a bunch of choices you will like.
5	I cannot believe that i check into this place a million times (3-4 times a week) and I have never written a review! In Starbucks Onward book, they talk about trying to make their stores the #3 place for people. What this means is, your first place is your home, second is your work, and what is the third place. What is your place of leisure, hang out, relax, social interactions occur...etc. This is my 3rd place. The staff is great, well educated in their teas, and very friendly. Every once in awhile you go in and you will find the owner working behind the counter. She will give you great advise on herbs to help with certain conditions. They have a good size selection of teas, a large variety of regions around the world, and a lot of the flavored mixed teas that us Americans are so addicted to (passion berry, yum) Even if they don't have a tea you are looking for, the owner will do her best and find it for you. I wanted a key lime pie tea for my aunt, and she found some from Germany and is getting it sent in* They also have tea classes: tea 101, beauty products, detox, etc. I can't get enough of this place, I really hope they have a chance to open more locations.
5	Yummy - helpful - and down to earth! Better prices than other tea shops, just as yummy if not better and no high pressure sales ---- gave me free samples and an ice tea for the road......I will go back
5	I live in Chandler. So Souvia is a 40 minute drive without traffic. I've been twice.You know what this means? It means it is good. It means that I like it. But don't take my word for it, look at all the other 5-star reviews others have also given it.Oddly enough, both times I've been here I have been slightly sick (or getting over being sick). Since I am no tea connoisseur I've always just walked in and said something along the lines of, "Hey yo, I'm coming off a cold, yo yo yo, so what do you suggest?" Alright so I don't talk like that, but they always have multiple options for me to chose from. So, take your pick.Each time I've gone in with my cold I've walked out feeling at the very least, refreshed. So either a placebo effect took over... or their good tea suggestion helped.They have a lot of suggestions... and you could probably mix to make your own blend without them even batting an eyelash. You can also buy to take home... and I am pretty sure they are less expensive than Teavana.$8 and change for two full sized cups for a friend and myself. Sure beats $8 a cup at Starbucks!
5	I've gone to this wonderful tea shop two times and each time was fantastic. The people are extremely knowledgeable and helpful in offering suggestions. The tea is absolutely marvelous. My favorites are Midsummer Night's Dream and Tulsi Detox. Love this place!
5	I love Souvia! I have tried 20 different teas, and love them all! There are always 3 different Teas of the Day to sample, usually 2 hot, 1 iced.The ladies who work there are awesome. Very personable and fun.Lately I started buying these delicious cake pops they carry. Trouble, really. I stopped by twice this week! Try red velvet or pumpkin!Some favorite iced teas are Pear Helene, Green Leaf Tulsi with Morroccan Mint.For hot, I love that they have oolong tea and Nettle! Some really great China black teas too. There are so many choices!! Rooibos, Pu-erh, green, white, herbal, you name it!There are plenty of tea accessories as well- tea spoons, tea pots, gift sets, filters, storage tins.This is definitely one of the many charming places to stop by in Moon Valley and a personal favorite local shop in Phoenix of mine.
5	There is such a large assortment of teas here. I am admittedly new to teas, and i confessed that to the lady working. Needless to say she was not a snob and was more than happy to help me in finding out what i wanted. All i know i said is that i enjoy black teas the most, but i do love them all. This got us started on searching for teas which were my "cup of tea" . She asked, you going to drink them hot or cold? i paused and thought its getting hot outside, lets say cold. I ended up getting Tropical Sunset, and Black Currant. The price is a lot cheaper than i thought it would be, after going to those chain tea shops in the malls and just looking at prices.Definitely will be back since it is right down the road and has a nice studying atmosphere there.i purchased 100g total and only spent 10 dollars. I mean, first time purchasing and i think it's a pretty good deal.They all smell good, i'd eat them if it was okay for you to do that haha.
5	Great selection of loose teas.  Most recently I went in to get a little something for mother's day.  They had a beautiful Mother's Day blend that I purchased.  I also purchaseSed the Sonoran Chile that has been amazing both hot and cold.  If you appreciate the flavor of loose teas you will definitely appreciate Souvia.
5	I honestly don't know how I haven't reviewed this place yet. I have clearly been lax in my obligations to Yelpers everywhere.Souvia is a lovely place to have informal tea with friends. You can order a pot to have in house or tea to go. Loose tea is also available for purchase, in addition to a small rotating selection of pastries.There is a tea of the month selection (I have a secret love for the October one because there are cat and bat sprinkles in it. Shut up. I can be five if I want to be.). The also have featured teas of the day that you can sample (and are discounted if you purchase loose tea on the day that they are featured).If you decide to have a pot of tea, you can buy 250g of that same tea for 20%. If you don't feel like tasting before you buy (or you've reached your tea threshold), you can sniff any of their hundreds of teas for free. Yes, free smells, folks.Although I live a good hour away, trips to Souvia are always worth the drive. Service is generally friendly, and the atmosphere is quiet (unless I am there with friends, we are a little noisier than your average tea-goer).
5	Excellent selection of teas perfectly prepared!
5	Always a first class experience when you come to Souvia Tea. The owners are as welcoming as the the tea is delicious. Great atmosphere. This award winning business has a great story. Really enjoyed my experience here.
5	Best place to get loose leaf tea in Phoenix, and I have tried every other place I can find.  Only down side is they only have 1 location now, but they do shipping if you can't make the long trek. The offer tea classes and a reward program :)
5	We come in here once or twice a year (usually on Black Friday) and every time I wonder why we don't come more often. One of my very favorite local places. The employees are always helpful and friendly, even when the place is busy. If you don't know much about tea they will happily teach you and they often have classes about tea and herbs. If you give them an idea of what you like they will pull out container after container of tea for you to smell, and you'll think you've died and gone to olfactory heaven. And I have to say, once you've tried loose leaf tea, you might never go back to tea bags again.I don't know about their selection of the really high-end stuff, but for midrange tea this is the place to go. They have a good selection of black teas (flavored and plain), red, white, green, and oolong teas. You can get any loose leaf tea in 50, 100 or 250 gram bags. Prices range from about $5.99/50g for their holiday specials on up. If you have a hard time committing you can even get sample bags (enough for a cup or two) for $2. The employees will tell you all about how to brew your tea and they sell all sorts of tea paraphernalia (tins, steeping cups, teapots).In addition to selling loose leaf tea, this place is also a tea shop. For $3.99 they will brew you a hot or cold pot of any tea that they sell. You can either drink it there or take it to go. There are 2 tables and a couple of cushy chairs inside and a few outside. The complaints about the seating being a bit spartan are justified, but they're comfortable as far as they go. They definitely focus more on selling tea than on brewing it there. Still, the brewing is a great way to try a higher-end tea without committing to buying a bag. If we lived closer I'm sure we would be here more often since $3.99 is a pretty good deal for a pot of tea to share. More affordable (and fewer calories) than Starbucks, and a nicer environment to boot.
5	Great place...planning to go back to buy tea tins and some more of the Caramel Apple that I got as a free gift for purchasing over $20 worth of stuff the first time I went.  I love the Afternoon Delight, and I like to mix their Razzleberry with some of my other teas to slightly change the flavor (although it is perfectly fine on its own, too!).I had great customer service the first time I went there...the woman behind the counter suggested teas based on what I said I liked.  I didn't feel rushed, and it was a pleasant experience.
4	We love to grab an iced tea of the day when we are on the go and enjoy a special brewed tea when we have a little time.
5	I first heard the word about this tea joint in North Phoenix only a few days ago. Since I recently moved relatively close, I felt compelled to venture on over and give it a whirl. Boy, am I glad I did. Upon stepping foot in the front door, I was warmly greeted by friendly staff & was instantly eased into a state of tranquility thanks to a combo of delightful aroma from the tea leaves & soothing tunes playing just at the perfect decibel level. (You can actually hear yourself think)Before I knew it, the staff was asking what I was into tea-wise and started rattling off some delicious-sounding teas based on the little info I revealed. The one that caught my eye immediately was the Pu-Erh Ginger and that's the one I went with. (Snap judgement knows best)I decided to get it over ice, considering it was hotter than Africa outside. It was nothing short of amazing and just what the doctor ordered. (Trust me, I'm no doctor)Having thoroughly enjoyed the best tea my taste buds have experienced since I can remember, I decided to get 50 grams of the Pai Mu Tan white tea to go. (Once again, instinct reigns supreme)That was that. Euphoria ensued. **Note: I am due back there in the morning to meet with a friend, but I just couldn't wait another day to check this place out. Being impatient finally paid off.
5	I have bought loose leaf tea for years and this is definitely my favorite place in Phoenix. The staff are friendly and helpful and their selections of tea are incredible and are very affordable. They have a menu of all of their available teas that can be served iced or hot in the store or bagged to bring home.
5	Great place for tea. Staff is very knowledgable in all the different kinds and will be able to help you find a great flavor with all the health benefits. I would rather go here and support local than go to the cookie cutter starbucks
5	Love this tea joint, I used to go to ajs for my tea right in moon valley everyday and when they closed down I got upset because I would have to drive to camelback to get my tea fix. After living in moon valley for 3 years I finally tried this place and WHY THE HELL HAVENT I BEEN HERE SOONER. Best tea I have ever tasted. I always get the daily premade tea to go and I have never been disappointed. Prices aren't too bad but I enjoy supporting local businesses. I just wish they would open around 8 since my work opens at nine, this way I could go every morning and afternoon :)new obsession.
5	This is my new favorite place and what my addiction list was made for. I came here twice in one a few weeks ago. I stopped in to grab a cup of tea when I had food to pick up next door. The staff is amazing. Helpful, sweet and definitely one of the reasons this place is popular is the customer service. The tea blends all smell amazing and you can see everything in there, fruits etc. I think my favorite is The Grey Duchess. Once the staff compared an Oolong I was buying to a huge. I think, The Grey Duchess would be like a passionate kiss from a beautiful woman then. Its floral and pretty, I don't even use sweetner with it. Honestly most of their teas I don't even feel like I need sweetner because of how flavorful. They will custom brew you a cup right there if you want btw. I am kicking myself for not stopping in sooner. This place is the best. If you even just like tea a little....run not walk down there to enjoy a cup.
5	Delicious tea! Awesome employees! Since Ajs closed I've had nowhere to go for tea! This is definitely my new favorite place for tea!
5	I am no longer a Teavana tea drinker!  Souvia is what Teavana hopes to be for sure.  And it's local!  When I walked in, I was immediately greeted with way more tins of fresh loose leaf tea than that other place, ahem, could ever hope for.  The owner happened to be the one there when I came in on a weekday.  She was incredibly helpful, sweet, and informative.  I absolutely loved being able to smell the different teas I was interested in without having to rush, like at that other place.  She gave me recommendations based on the few teas that I had her pull out for me.  What's ever better about Souvia?  They have cafe tables and chairs with super relaxing spa-type music playing.  This is what I have always wanted about a tea place like Teavana.  Souvia also sells different types of tea wares like brewers, to-go mugs, and more...but at about half the cost of that other place.  Ahem.They have a daily tea out for sampling as well as honey to sweeten it with.  I bought 50 g of Angel's Kiss (a popular tea the past 8 years they have been open), Pacific Rim, and Gluehwine as well as my own brewer.  There was actually a sale going on so I got the brewrer, 2 of the 50g teas, and 2 tins for $29.95.  Score!  When you spend $20, you also get to take a sample baggy of tea...you pick it out of a little basket Souvia keeps.  I can't wait to go back!!
5	Amazing tea selection. Great staff. Fair prices. And just a perfect hangout. If you want to go in and try a cup of tea they will brew you anything from the store (even the "gold tins"). If you buy at least 100g after tasting the tea, you get a discount. That darned deal worked well since we walked out with 100g of some high end black tea.My wife loves the gingerbread blend and I'm a fan of the pumpkin. But there are plenty of great unflavored teas and all of the gear you could imagine to brew it.
5	This place is great. I recently was told that I have high blood pressure and came to souvia looking for a natural response. Turns out they had just created a blend that is perfect for my issue. Customer service and knowledge of product was flawless. All of the necessary items to brew tea are on site and clearly marked and described. I couldn't be happier with my visit. Great local shop with a new customer for sure.
5	This place is fantastic! I am indecisive and they always help me figure out what kind of tea I want, as they have many different types. My favorite is the angels kiss, which is one of their more popular teas. They also have tables to sit at and the place has a very relaxing vibe and is usually quiet with calming music playing. I feel guilty buying tea anywhere else now!
5	I really like this place.. Great tea, great service, locally owned store.. Can't beat it. Few yrs ago I remember working with the owner on a neighborhood school fundraiser, she donated the tea on many occasions. It's a great place to checkout.
5	My favorite tea shop. What a great selection of tea and other accessories. All the staff knows the products very well.
4	I would love to give Souvia 5 stars. I have been going here for years and always love my experience. I really love their selection of teas and all of the employees are always very helpful and friendly. Their milk oolong is delicious and  I love how I can get a 32oz iced tea that lasts me all day! However, I was very annoyed with my recent visit. My uncle purchased a gift certificate for me online since he knows I like to stop in for iced teas. I went into the store with my printed gift certificate ready. I was very disappointed when I was told the gift certificate is only good for online purchases since it was purchased through their online store. The girl working told me the owner says the online store is different than the actual store... This makes no sense to me. It seems as if the owner is still making a profit whether or not the gift certificate is being used online or in person. Isn't the product coming from the same stock??? It didn't say anywhere online that this would be the case. So if you are buying a gift certificate, do it in the store so you can actually use it in the store!
5	I am updating my review after receiving great customer service! I purchased a few items on Souvia's online store with my gift certificate and later received a call about my order. While on the phone I told the owner of my confusion with the gift certificate situation. The next day she called me to let me know she spoke with her husband (the other owner) and that they would send me a gift card to use in store in exchange for the online gift certificate. Yay! I have never had a store owner call me before. She went above and beyond to make sure I was a happy customer. Thanks, Souvia!
5	North Phoenix is kind of a pain to drive to, but it's worth it to get tea at Souvia.  They're not really set up as a tea room - seating is minimal and they have no snacks or wifi - but they have a great selection and good service, and it's good for reading quietly or carry out.  The staff know about tea, and they're set up with three water pots for teas that need different temperatures to steep.  Best place to get tea in Phoenix, no contest.
5	I am so glad to find a local tea shop to buy some lovely loose leaf teas. The teas I bought here are superb! And the staff is so warm and helpful. The owner, Olivia, is a wonderful lady. I was able to get an amazing Earl Grey (my fave) and try a twist on that classic, The Grey Duchess. I think The Grey Duchess is my new favorite! I also got a sample of another black tea, now need to go back to buy a full bag! Some reviewed had negative things to say about the atmosphere, but I found it rather cozy. The style is modern and simple, but not sterile.
4	I love Souvia! Just walking in to a calming environment like this is so pleasant within itself! I love the staff, too! There was a girl named Jamie who was a complete doll, although I'm not sure if she works there anymore. This fantastic, LOCAL, loose-leaf tea place fits all of my tea needs. Any tea drinker, or any non-tea drinker, should try this place once. The amount of tea and the knowledge of the baristas is astounding. They have hundreds of types at all times, and have a fantastic seasonal collection as well. Tea can cure just about anything! I would gladly pay $4 for a giant iced tea from here over Starbucks any day. Haha, anyway, I really do love coming here and as I'm writing this, I know I should go today!
