4	Swish is an independent clothing store on Victoria Street that caters for men, women and babies. It manages to pack quite a lot into what is essentially quite a small shop. For women there are quirky and stylish dresses, tops for going out in, some knitwear and more everyday items like t-shirts and jumpers. Men are comfortably catered for with trendy t-shirts by Chunk and a really good range of messenger bags and retro bags by Gola and Dunlop. There are also laptop cases by YakPak in a variety of crazy patterns and funny babygro's with slogans and pictures (I think these are intended to amuse the adults). Prices are pretty reasonable and the stock is always up to date with the latest trends, this is one of the few shops that my boyfriend and I are both happy having a browse in.
4	I always strike it lucky in Swish.Directed at younger generations, its clothing range balances graphic logo tees with some more elegant (but still cool) dresses. From Junk Food to Ames Brothers, their tees for both guys and girls are good quality. For the ladies, they also have a range of dresses inspired by designer Motel, or at least of a similar ilk.Like Alice, I always worry about the day I grow out of clothing from Swish, since a lot of it isn't very serious. But they do have a quirky range of dressy attire that combines 'street' with 'chic'. They also sell some awesome accessories and bags, including YakPak laptop satchels with elephants all over them. Had my eye on them for ages but my laptop is probably too much of a relic to fit in one of them!Amongst the t shirts, locally designed jewellery and dresses I've bought over the years, last time I was in I bought a kick ass plain hoodie. My boyfriend likes it so much he's tried stealing it off me, but since their new hoodie range is unisex I might just buy him one to save him stretching mine out! This place is dangerous to your wallet - you won't leave without a bag. Cult wishes it was as cool as Swish.
4	On occasional wanders on this street I always stop into this shop to check out their cool and funky lines. I particularly like the handbags and whenever I need some affordable fun sunglasses this is the place to go. Also, round the back you can find some cute tshirts and the men's sections is upstairs. The styles are for younger people mostly and are certainly individual but don't expect to find "practical" items here (i.e plain tshirts and jeans). Every time I see a cool dress here I like I am usually put off by the price(anything between 60 pounds and up for a quite ordinary yet lovely outfit). But that's just me being on a budget. Their stock is small and continuously changes so don't expect you will find the same stuff here. Overall I can say that I do quite like this store and it certainly is a breath of fresh air from the more mainstream brands found elsewhere.
4	Victoria Street is one of the best streets in Edinburgh for shopping individuality and general quirkiness. Swish fits in well amongst the mix of boutiques and random outlets, and specialises in retro bags and t-shirts for men and women, although there is a really sweet section at the front with a lot of cute garments, which are mostly on the girly side.Messenger bags in different designs, Gola bags in a ton of colours, plus some girlier handbags in some very funky, patterned designs. There are also various jazzed up laptop covers, other little items scattered around to give as gifts, and my personal favourite, the t-shirts. The t-shirt designs in here are very cool, and just that little bit different.
3	I'm afraid I just can't get as excited about this shop as a lot of other reviewers have. It looks like it's going to be amazing from the outside, full of quirky clothes and accessories that make such a refreshing change from the mass-produced rubbish in the majority of shops on Princes Street. But it's one of those places where, once you get inside and start holding things up against you in the mirror, you find that none of it is quite right. Which would be ok if it were cheap - I challenge any female on this earth to honestly claim they've never bought something "because it was such a bargain" and then never worn it once. But it's not cheap, in fact it's pretty pricey.If you like this shop though, you should pop into Cookie on Cockburn Street too.
4	For most customers, Swish is the place to go for cool retro satchels, sports bags, sweatshirts and college style tee-shirts. For me however, it's the place to go for kick-ass Ghetto Blaster bags. They don't play real tapes or CDs unfortunately but they look pretty old skool matched with box-fresh Adidas and vintage graphic tees.Now, where did I put the awesome new M.I.A album?
4	Why have I never been in here before? I commented to Steph as we passed "I've never been in here before" and there was that moment of a shared, mutual look and understanding that we should go in and window-shop. I love those moments.Perhaps it's because it's not on a 'shopping' strip so I always pass it when I'm not in clothes-shopping mode. But for this reason it is quirky, different, has clothes you won't find on Princes Street and is really cute.When we did go in, I again wasn't in 'clothes shopping' mode but I could admire an awful lot. Like the black and white hipster scraf with the silhouettes of birds and lace lining. Or the thick winter coat, with a black lace overlay. Or the silk blouse with pussy bow neckline.The clothes here are slightly older, retro and vintage looking but with modern finish and finesse. It's maybe not exactly my stle, with a lot of silhouettes of birds, and ponies, and even foxes. You need to 'have' a 'look' or style to create an outfit in here. But there were some cute, demure cardigans with only small bambi-like deer on them that I think Ic ould pull off.The prices seemed reasonable for an independent store. In fact, probably cheaper than Topshop and the clothes were unique, not something you'd see every Linda, Louise or Laura wearing (female version of Tom, Dick or Harry?)It's the sort of place I wouldn't kit myself out in entirely but there are certain friends I know I'd be guaranteed to find a nice present for, and it'd be perfect for finding a 'dress' for a casual 'occasion'.Happy to have stopped in. And now I really want a black and white scarf with the silhouettes on birds on it.
4	Swish is a lovely independent boutique on Victoria Street.  They have clothes for men and women, bags and a few accessories too.  From cool hoodies and T-shirt sto the perfect little dress for that party next month, there is quite a lot of choice. Prices are accessible and they very often have some sales on.Very friendly staff too.  And it feels so good to shop independent!
3	They have many t-Shirts from "Chunk" - with 'witty' slogans and photos. Fashion is geared to please the Wanted and 1D fans. Modern classics? me thinks not.. Prices are very expensive - or is that my "TK-Maxx"-attitude?!Also available 'funny' baby onesies and t-Shirts - Jedi Apprentice, Keep Calm and ..(fill in your favourite) and the likes.Not my shop, not my fashion, not my style, not my price range..
