3	It's a UPS Store. I needed some papers faxed and they do faxing. Cost me 2.50 each page but the process was painless and they gave me a free cover sheet as well as printed the confirmation on the back of the cover sheet to save paper.If anyone has a USAA account, UPS stores now offer a method of cash deposits. Basically 2 dollars of what ever you're depositing goes toward a money order for the amount you're depositing (up to a thousand i think) and they deposit the rest via your atm/debit card. No more depositing into another bank then filling out a check from one account to deposit@home to the USAA account which is how i've been doing it.Fast, friendly and knowledgeable service.
5	Very nice employees. Donna was absolutely wonderful.
1	If I could give zero stars, I would.  I'm completely disgusted with the way I was treated at this store and even more with the manager's attitude when I expressed my concerns.I came to the store and told them I wanted a package delivered next day.  They quoted me 2 prices ... one would get it there the next morning for $94, the other would get it there the next evening for $57.  I chose the $57 option and sent the package.  It did not arrive the next day ... in fact it arrived 4 days later.  The person that needed the item was very upset at me becasue I promised him it would get there the next day.  I called the store and they told me it was not their fault and the postal service made the mistake.  The blamed me for not picking the $94 option.  The manager was so difficult to talk to ... kept interrupting and showing no remorse for my problem.  He was very arrogant and just wanted to point out that I was the problem not them.  Wow ... very unprofessional.  Not the way you should run a business.  Very sad.  I will NEVER go there again.  I would discourage anyone from doing so either.
5	This location is great! There are never lines and the staff is always friendly. I did have an issue once, but the staff was super helpful in resolving it. It is WAY better than the extremely busy post office around the corner.
1	I walked into this establishment to open a box because it is closer to my home. I waited and when I heard how the employee talked to a customer I was shocked. She was blatantly deceiving this customer.  I decided that this is not the kind of establishment that I wanted to deal with on a daily basis so I decided to just walk out. I am sure that this place would be better if they had a new manager that had better customer service skills.
