4	As this is my second review of an ethiopian place, you can clearly see that I dig my injera bread. This place is located just west of the Orleans Casino in a little strip mall. My husband and I decided to check it out. There were several table  filled with what looked and sounded like ethiopian people.  That's always a good sign. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. The menu was more extensive than I'm used to seeing on ethiopian menus, so that was nice. We ended up ordering the vegetarian combo and zilzil tibs (steak pan fried with jalepenos and onion). All of the veggie options were fabulous and the waitress automatically brought more injera bread without us having to ask. That's always nice, cuz the way we blaze through it, asking again and again can make one feel like a bit of a hogginy. My only issue was that the meat was a bit on the tough side. The flavor was awesome though, so maybe it was just a fluke. I will try the lamb next time instead. This is one of several ethiopian places in the valley and a favorite of ethiopian locals. We'll definitely head there again.
4	We're hitting the Ethiopian food run in Vegas, which brings us to Abyssinia Restaurant.  After checking out Merkato, a waiter elsewhere mentioned this restaurant.It was pretty empty on a Saturday night with only one party having dinner.  Two TVs in the corner with the sports channel on.  A few stragglers came in to dine and for to-go orders.  It's also pretty dark in this restaurant.We knew we wanted something standard that we could compare our previous experience to, but we couldn't quite find these items on the menu.  We knew we wanted veggies and beef.  This is what we got:* Vegetarian Combo ($14) - Since the vegetarian items were sold a la carte, we asked if we could have a veggie combo, and they came up with one.  (I'm sure it exists, but we didn't see it on the menu.  It has six different items on it.  Our favorites were the split lentils - one in green sauce and the other in red - really tasty and we're just loving our lentils.  Then the yellow bean thing, the steamed cabbage and carrots , the collared greens, and the green salad.  Of course, it's all laid out on a piece of injera, the spongy  sourdough flatbread used to pick up your food with.  * #22. Raw Beef "A beef served with chilies with injera." ($12) - We initially wanted to order #26. Kitifo Special "Finely chopped lean beef with spiced Ethiopia butter, collard greens, homemade cottage cheese, mitmite (spiced hot chilies)." ($11) but when the waitress asked us if we wanted it medium or well, we figured we ordered the wrong thing.  We wanted raw beef, so quickly chose #22.  The waitress was surprised that we wanted raw beef, but we were hoping that it would be similar to the raw beef we had at Merkato Ethiopian Restaurant.  Boy, were we wrong!  Out came five chunks of raw beef, and I do mean fist size pieces!  (Check the pics!)  We weren't sure if it was a joke, but the waitress placed it down before us with two knives and a bowl of hot chili paste.  The Husband just looked at me and gave it a go.  He attempted to slice off pieces of beef, but both knives were very dull and he was struggling.  It was a very sad attempt.  Even with the fork we requested, it didn't help much.  At one point I thought I could be a barbaric animal and pick up my piece of meat and give it a tear by the mouth.  Unfortunately, that didn't work either.  Eventually, we were able to finally cut through two chunks of the beef.  We ended up taking the rest home.  The meat was fresh, and the spicy chili sauce is really what makes this dish.  It was just something we definitely weren't expecting and a bit too much effort.  (When we packed the three chunks of beef home, we made sure to ask for more of that chili paste.)At one point, we were certain another waitress could see us struggling but didn't really do anything about it.  We even asked the guy sitting at the bar if we were doing it right and he said we were doing fine.  (If only the knives were sharper!)  At the end of the meal, the guy at the bar said that most people start off with gored gored, which is cubed beef filet rolled in spices, similar to kitfo (which we know we like already).  So it was pretty impressive that we started with raw chunks of beef with no spices or marination.  Service was okay. We wish the waitress told us it was chunks of solid beef because we probably would have ordered something else. She did come by with more injera before we had to ask.  But after we got our to go box, we waited awhile for our check and nothing came.  We had to remind her, although there were only a few people dining.Overall, the food is good, but the menu is limited.  It looks like the left side of the menu is for lunch, and the right side is for dinner.  In retrospect, we should have asked if we could have ordered from the left side because the dish we really wanted was on it! (# 7 Kitfo "Finally chopped, lean beef with spiced Ethiopian butter, homemade cottage cheese, and mitmita (spiced hot chilies) and served with injera."  Or perhaps we could have ordered #26 with raw/rear beef, but the waitress assumed we wanted it medium or well, and that's why she asked?  Also, our bill didn't quite reflect what we ordered, so double check your bill when it comes. 3.5 stars.
4	I went here for dinner this evening, and I ordered the Kitfo Special - #26 on the menu.  As with Teri, the waitress asked if I wanted it well.  I said, "No," very quickly, and she said, "You want it raw?"  My answer was a definite yes!!It was superb.  They gave me a small container of extra spice, and I used a lot of it.  It was quite good!  The meat was almost shredded, and there must have been a pound of beef.  Along with it was collard greens and homemade cottage cheese.  This really is a dish to share because you eat so much injera to consume the dish, and I wasn't coming home after, so I couldn't get a box to go. I will be back to try the lamb tibs.  This is a great find, and thanks to you who have put your reviews here before!
3	Having traveled to Ethiopia and Washington DC (where they have some of the best Ethiopian food in the US), I found Abyssinia to be good but not outstanding. Perhaps they were having a bad night. But it was a Friday night if remember correctly, soooo....The best part to me was the "coffee ceremony". Its one of those things that you have to know about and ask for to get. Coffee ceremony is where the coffee beans are roasted over coals and fresh roasted in an authentic black coffee kettle. Its a long process....perhaps 30 min (thus the reference to "ceremony") But its well worth the wait and done at your table, so quite entertaining. The coffee is so smooth and so strong it will make Starbucks seem like Folgers. Enjoy!
4	This was my first time trying Ethiopian food, balancing out the service, ambiance, and the food, I'll give it 3 stars. When we just walked in, we weren't greeted by anybody. There was a very strong aroma of some sort of incense that clouded the room. It was pretty overpowering.  We saw some lady sitting in the corner of the room staring at us. We assumed she was a customer since she didn't say anything, but eventually she got up and we asked her if we could sit anywhere, she said yes. We sat down and she brought us one menu for the both of us, which was a little awkward trying to read from two different sides of the table. There were a lot of plates on the menu, but since we never had Ethiopian before we didn't know what to get. We opted for the #16, which was the sauteed beef strips for $10.99. We decided to share since we weren't sure about their portions. Good thing we did that, cuz their plate was humungo.  For our drinks we ordered coke ($1.50) and tea ($1.50). I was kind of expecting the tea to be something different, but when she brought it to me she just gave me a glass with hot water and a Lipton tea bag on the side.  My boyfriend just got a can of coke with a straw. Our food came and it looked like fajitas and salad on top of a giant crepe. She also gave us a basket of more crepe looking things (sorry I never found out the name). He ate a little piece of it on it's own and he didn't like it, it had a salty vinegar taste to it. Surprisingly it actually tasted pretty good when wrapped around a piece of meat and salad. I enjoyed being able to eat with my hands and not be stared at, but I think it would be nice if they provided some sort of wet towelette to wipe our hands with. All in all this was a pretty good experience for us. Ethiopian isn't my favorite type of food, but I'm happy I can say that I tried it. I've actually had a few people tell me that this is one of the most authentic Ethiopian places in Vegas. 4 for the food, 3 for the service and ambiance. I can't give half stars so they get a 4:]
4	Food is good here. So are the prices, as well as the service.Got the veggie combo. Very tasty. I could, however, do without the collards, but understand it's part of the combo. Plenty of injera, which was also very good. We were stuffed for $20.This is a good place to try if you've never had Ethiopian food. It's conveniently located about a mile or two west of the Strip off Tropicana next to a Panda Express (which of course had more customers, go figure).
4	Great food! Nice to try something different!
4	What an excellent find for this tourist couple!  My wife and I both love Ethiopian food and this place was really good.  I had the vegi-platter.  She ordered beef tibs and a side of red lentils.  All the food was very good and flavorful.  The injera had a really nice tangy taste to it.Wife's only critique was that the pieces of meat could have been cut up much smaller.  We are always glad to find a nice restaurant off the strip and away from the casinos.
2	i visited this resturant on a weeknight about 6pm with girlfriend.  We were the only customers when we entered.  Server was busy chatting with someone at the bar area.  We sat ourselves down, and sat for 2 more minutes before the waitress came to greet us and brought menu.  We were vegetarians.  I asked for sambusa and asked her if they are made for vegetarians.  She went back into kitch to ask around.  We waited a few minutes, i got up and went to restroom, ran into the server again.  I asked her if she found out about the sambusa.  She totally forgot about it.  She talked to someone in kitchen and told me sambusa is not available tonite.  I thought it's funny, because on the menu, sambusa and salad are the only two items on the apetizer menu.  We waited for another 10 to 15 mintues.  Our vegetarian combination plate came.  I imagined the food is hot because they seem busy making our food the last 15 minutes.  But it was cold, most of them.  Maybe because it was vegetarian dish ...   We ate our dinner for the next 20 minutes or so; the whole time the server was chatting with another guy at the bar and never came to see us or ask us if we need anything.  She came when we almost finish our food.  I asked her if it's normal to have cold or room temperature food.  I didnt understand her answer.    The food was average; we were hungry and was looking forward to Ethiopian food.  But we were very disappointed at the service and lack of hot food or sambusa.  Server speaks enough english but didnt pay attention to us at all; and we were the ONLY customers in the resturant.    The Blue Nile resturant on DI was a much better experience.  Server was genuinely nice and the food was better....
4	When one Ethiopian cab driver recommends a good Ethiopian restaurant, I took note... When a second Ethiopian cab driver says it's the best Ethiopian in Las Vegas, I figured I should check it out. The service was spotty, but the food was very tasty! The lamb was delicious. I've been to several Ethiopian restaurants, but I am by no means an expert on Ethiopian food... But, I would say the food here might be a notch above par. I will definitely go back.
4	Have been wanting to try this place since I read the Yelp reviews a few weeks ago.  Last night, the group was feeling a little adventurous, so we headed over to Abyssinia.The restaurant is very nice and clean, and was quiet enough to have easy group conversation, which I believe is key to having a shared table meal.The only negative points this place got was the language barrier for us non-native language speaking folks.  Being there are approximately 90 languages spoken in Ethiopia, I wouldn't even know where to start to remedy that.  The menu items were in English, but descriptions were in local language, so it was a "best guess", which if fun anyway.  The waitress had a difficult time getting our message sometimes, but she was very sweet.We ordered a meat and vegetable sampler, a jerky dish, a vegetable dish, and one of the group wasn't feeling so adventurous and ordered spaghetti.  I guess that's the default American dish for the poor person who was forced to tag along.  :)The meats and vegetables were amazing!  I wish I knew what everything was.  We were able to determine the chicken, beef, and lamb, but the spices and sauces were a mystery, yet wonderful!The sour flatbread (injera) was nice and soft and not too sour.  This, being the utensil to pick up all the food, makes for a fun night.  Everyone tearing pieces of bread off and pinching morsels of yummy food from the common plate.  Make sure you're comfortable with your party.  Don't take the guy who doesn't wash his hands in the bathroom!  Oh, and it's culturally acceptable to only use your right hand for eating....I'm pretty sure we all were, but not sure.  In summary, great food & atmosphere.  A recipe for a fun night.
4	As you enter the restaurant it has a very traditional appearance in the front and basic tables with chairs throught out the rest.  The service was good but a bit of a language barrier for me but luckily I was with friends from Ethiopia and Eritrea.The food was pretty good with a lot of variety. This place is also vegeterian friendly as well.
2	Abyssinia has changed, and unfortunately, not for the better.I, along with many friends and relatives, used to frequent the establishment, and until about six months ago, we received quality food and excellent service. However, since the restaurant experienced a change in management, the place has gone downhill.I am Ethiopian, and I grew up eating (arguably) the highest quality of my country's cuisine. In an effort to expose my Hispanic boyfriend to a part of my culture, I took him to Abyssinia, and we encountered a rather inattentive and condescending waitress who not only took fifteen minutes in between each visit to our table to take orders, ask us how we were doing/if we needed anything, but actually flat-out refused to replace a couple components in our meat combo platter. Now, I would understand if this is  major inconvenience, but I wouldn't have asked for it if A) I was capable of digesting raw meat (kitfo), B) we weren't willing to pay extra, and C) they hadn't customized my order in the past. This happened to us not only once, but TWICE.I was extremely disappointed and completely unsatisfied. My boyfriend did enjoy what little he did get to experience of Ethiopian cuisine, but I'm sure he will be delighted to get the full experience when we take our business elsewhere.Abyssinia has also lowered its standards in giving equal portions of food; the ratio between injera (the tortilla-like bread used to scoop up meats/stews/veggies, etc.) to wot (stews, et al) balanced more heavily on the injera, which, if you've had Ethiopian food, is not the flavorful part of the meal.Highly disappointed. I doubt I will return.
4	Food was really good but it took a long time for the food to come even though it was just my husband and myself in the restaurant. Would definitely go here again though since the food is worth it.
3	Finally got a chance to try Ethiopian food and this place did not disappoint.  Their entrees were delicious and very tasty.  I can't remember the names of the dishes but my party got the combo so that we could taste everything.  We weren't a fan of the raw meat though because it had a weird sour taste.  I am also not a fan of the bread.  It is just too sour for my taste and the texture is not something I'm used too but everyone else in my party loved it.  To each their own!  The only reason I'm giving this place a 3-star is because of lack of service.  We waited 40 minutes for our check because our server was busy entertaining a customer at the bar and waited another 15 minutes to wait for our change.  Overall, the foods were delicious.
4	Pretty good authentic Ethopian food and always served fresh. Remember since the food is made fresh there usually is a bit of a wait. We've never been there during the crazy hours so it hasn't been too bad. My only issue with this place is you have to pay for water.
5	Had something different every visit, always amazing! One of the times was my first time ever experiencing Ethiopian food and I was not disappointed. Everything is very fresh, very flavorful. Slightly off the strip so its enough out of the way but not hard to find. Must try!
3	The food is very tasty, but they substituted out something on my veggie combo without saying anything. Not cool if you have food allergies and don't know Ethiopian food enough to tell. The service was also pretty slow, but the flavors made up for it.My boyfriend and I had pretty much the same thing and he was fine, but I ended up with a horrendous stomach ache after that, like because of unknown stuff on the veggie combo plate. Again, would have loved to know what I'm eating if they were gonna change stuff around, not cool :( Kinda scared me off of Ethiopian food for a while.
4	This was my first experience with Ethiopian food. I ordered the sampler platter with a little bit of everything. Injeri is this bread that comes with most of the dishes - I wasn't into it at first, but by the end of the meal I just wanted extra injera to take home. The only soda available was coke or sparkling water, I was hoping for something different though, like an African brand of soda or something. The atmosphere was chill, and I liked that, but it seemed like the waitress took a long time, and she only asked us once if we needed refills, we were probably there for 45 minutes. It was spicy!!! There were only three other couples dining at the time and 2 people working. I don't know if this is one of those places where the waitstaff is supposed to WAIT for you to call them over, or if the service is usually that slow. I'll definitely come back and try more Ethiopian dishes.
5	Three young women are in a taxi in Las Vegas. One of them has had a little bit of the drank, and starts talking to the cab driver. He says he's from Ethiopia. The young lady blurts out "You are?! Oh my gosh my friend LOVES Ethiopian food! Are there any good Ethiopian restaurants here?"~~So is that offensive? I think it probably is. But good news! The information traveled down to me and when I traveled down to the LV, as the kids call it, I got to go to Abyssinia. And it was sooooo good. That's four o's, representing how much I ended up losing in Vegas at the card tables after trying this restaurant. I ordered the Misir wot and veggie combo and it was so delicious that it caused my date to start loving Ethiopian food, which previously she thought was only okay. This is my favorite type of food, and Abyssinia nailed it. Also, the service was kind of bad but I do not care at all. Yum.
5	Abyssinia is so, so great. It's actually my first and only experience with Ethiopian food, so I don't really have a basis for comparison, but it has turned into my must have food. I moved out of town for a couple of minutes last year, and though there was an Ethiopian restaurant an hour away from me, it made more sense to drive the 12 hours home to eat here. (It's my "only experience", but I've been here a dozen times, don't get me wrong..)  My friends and I usually get the meat and veggie combo platter, and two or more of us fight over the hard boiled egg. Not that it's particularly better than everything else, but there's only one of them, and no silverware to split it up.. :) (I'm sure they would bring us some if we ever asked, but fighting is better.) The Injera breadstuff that you use to scoop up some filling is my favorite. Also, the honey wine is amazing. Don't ever go here with unadventurous eaters. They're downers, and they will probably make noises and turn their noses. It's a simple presentation, and the spices are harsh, kinda like Indian cuisine. I guess that's the best comparison.. If you like Indian, I think you'll LOOOOVE Ethiopian. There was a time that even though there seemed to be no one else in there, our waitress would not check on us often, but this has not been a problem the past few times I've been here. Either they have started to like me or they realized it was a problem.. Either way, I love this place. And I hope you don't because I don't want it to get crowded. :b
5	This was a really nice reprieve from the madness of the casinos, come one in the morning. I was a bit surprised to find the restaurant completely empty, but it was almost one AM on a Tuesday morning...The woman who took care of us was very kind and had a (lovely) thick accent.In regards to the menu, it was mostly the standard fare I've seen for Ethiopian restaurants across the states, plus some extras. Ethiopian coffee and beer, sambusas as appetizers, individual meat and veggie dishes that could be combined into a hefty sampler. We ordered our regular Ethiopian picks:Ethiopian beer: BSambusas: B- (they were just a titch over-cooked and didn't have the traditional chili sauce with them, as well as being a bit minimal on the pastry filling.)Vegetarian sampler: A+ -- the tomato salad and carrot/ cauliflower dishes were better than my fave Ethiopian restaurant offers, while the two lentil dishes and the spinach dish were on par.My true review of Abyssinia would be 4.5 stars, due to the sub par sambusas (my fave part of the meal) and very dark lighting. But if I lived in Vegas, I'd definitely visit them again.
5	My first time venturing into Ethiopian food.  I have a co-worker from Senegal and we have committed to trying all kinds of fare!  We arrived here after googling (so sad) but fun, late one Sunday night.  Passed it twice but finally found it tucked away.  The service was immediate and there were about 3 other tables of patron there at this late hour of the evening (maybe 10ish).  It is very dimly lit so if you dont' know anything about ths food move to a nicely lit table.  The prices were very fair.  Beers and wines available.  The food was fantastic.  The big plate that we shared was fun and different than anything I've experienced before.  I watched others who seemed familiar and my Senegalese friend also knew that you can eat with your hands.  What fun!  We ordered more and we will both definitely be back!
4	I'm as familiar with Ethiopian food as humans' understanding of the mechanics of a singularity. With that prologue, I agreed to try out this place with my friend Adam out of sheer curiosity. This is a casual place with inadequate ventilation so you may smell a little when you leave. Adam suggested that we start with something small and if we like it, we'll order more. What a great idea that was! The vegetable combination platter that we ordered, although seemed small, was so filling that we were stuffed after going through a quarter of it. You get four-five items sitting on top of a bread called injera. There were collard greens, stewed lentils and three different types of stewed peas: a mild version (yellow), a medium spicy version (orange) and a super tangy and spicy version (red). The mild peas and collard greens were sooooooo good! I loved them. I'm not into lentils so I skipped that while the red peas were the strangest thing I've ever tried.  It had such a strong kick to its taste, and did I mention how spicy this particular item was?!! Injera, the bread, came in a basket; a bundle of fluffy spongy goodness for you to tear up and dip into the stewed vegetables. I've never had anything quite like it. It was subtle and strange and yet very much agreeable with my palate! I wouldn't mind coming back here again. What an experience that was!
3	I've passed by Abyssinia many times. Once, humorously thinking that the name was a word play for "I'll be seeing ya." Nope. Abyssinia was actually what Ethiopia was once called in early history. I've been to only a couple of Ethiopian restaurants in my life, once in Washington D.C. and another time in SF. I went to Abyssinia for lunch with 4 coworkers and we were seated on regular dining tables. For dinner though, they make the entire dining area available. So if you're into a much more interesting experience, opt for no table and sit on the stools surrounding a basket which holds the food that you and your party will be sharing. There will be no plates and don't even think about asking for utensils. Ethiopians eat this stuff with their hands. and everything just tastes better when you do the same. If you're grossed out by having other people's fingers in your food, this might not be your cup of tea.Our server recommended we share 2 meat combinations and their veggie combination. However, the food came out around 40 minutes after we ordered. Not sure if this was the norm but it was exceedingly slow since we were there on our lunch break from work. The food came on a large platter of stewed dishes on top of Injera bread and more bread on the side. Injera, an Ethiopian food staple, is a spongy flat bread used to sop up the food. The dough is fermented (like sourdough) which gives it a mildly-sour flavor. There was an assortment of meats (chicken, beef and lamb) and stewed veggie dishes. Wish our server took the time to give us a quick rundown of the dishes. I knew we ordered lamb but sadly couldn't tell which meat was which. Maybe it was due to the strong flavor of the stews. Some dishes were spicier than others and good overall but not the best I've ever tried. I will be returning - curious about the experience at dinner time. "I'll be seeing ya." Again.
5	Good food, good service, and good beer :)Was skeptical at first, but now I'll be back.
5	Abyssinia is the third Ethiopian restaurant we've eaten at in Las Vegas and I would say it is the best.  The decor is pleasant, the servers speak English well, the menu is easy to understand and the food is plentiful and delicious!  The Ethiopian beer is good and complements the food.  The portions are quite generous.  I regret not getting our leftovers to take home, but we had a long flight the next day.  I have the vegetarian platter and my husband had a chicken dish.  We were both very happy.
2	Totally not worth your money.  The food was bland.  I know what good Ethiopian food is and this place does not serve it.
4	This was a really good restaurant which happens to be next to another diamond in the rough. Some hotel food isn't bad but the best food in Vegas is away from the strip.If you have never had Ethiopian food bring a bunch of friends. It's really good. And the coffee they give you after is amazing.
5	I ate here with some friends, including an Eritrean, to celebrate the Eritrean's birthday. It was all of our first time having Ethiopian food. I have read about it before, but it was actually my first time tasting it.We ordered one wot of chicken, beef, and lamb, along with something else. The wots were individually placed on a huge plate full of injera, which was more than enough for my party of 6. We had enough leftovers for everybody, even after filling our stomachs.As we were celebrating a birthday, the waitress even brought us some plates, a knife, and some forks for the cake. Now that's customer service.All of the food was really good. I wouldn't say that I've become a huge fan of East African food, but I did enjoy my time here. I'll come back in the future.
5	A worthy venue to experience the flavors of Ethiopia. Located conveniently near "The Orleans" resort, drive from The Strip to Tropicana Blvd., turn west, just passed "The Orleans" turn in just before Decatur Blvd. This restaurant is nicely decorated and staffed by very friendly people. A full bar is available. The veggie and meat combination (about $27) should feed a group of three or four. It has a large selection of delicacies and plenty of Injera accompanied.  The menu is very self-explanatory with familiar items such as Gored Gored (raw beef), Awazi Tibs (cooked beef), and vegetarian specialties.Worth a $25 cab ride.Save room for Cafe Latte or Spiced Tea afterward.
5	If you like Ethiopian Food, then you are in for a treat at Abyssinia.  Awesome injera, freshly made was a good start.  There were tow of us and we ordered the Vegetarian platters.  Ingredients were super fresh and spiced nicely.Really like the T-shirts the staff had that was a play on the "Welcome to Las Vegas" sign, but said Welcome to Abyssinia.  Hope they start selling those shirts, will definitely pick some up as gifts!
