3	When I found out that Sultan Kabob House served halal dishes, I was all over this one!  I finally get to eat a hamburger, chicken burger, meatballs, and kabobs?!? Yes sir.  Okay, lets start off by the location:  Very unassuming and quite sketchy.  Its on S.Tryon, turn into the mini shopping plaza right after passing Westinghouse Blvd.  Now lets move on to the place itself:  Its a very down-to-earth, casual place.  Nothing fancy at all.  Its decorated with big beautiful hookas and arabic caligraphy on the walls.  Very nice touches.  Food:  Usual Mediterranean fare (Chicken kabobs, Shawarma, Falafel, Lamb chops, Shish kabobs, etc) and appetizers (hummus, baba ganouj, stuffed grape leaves, Tabouleh, etc)  They even have fish kabobs, meat pies and pretty delicious pita bread.  I ordered the chicken kabob plate which came with rice and a few pickled carrots and a tiny pile of salad, and my sister got the chicken burger that came with seasoned fries (very good).  Both orders were delicious, nothing that made my mouth sing, but I was grateful to finally get to eat something thats not seafood or vegetarian.  I must make you aware of the serving size:  Not very substantial.......atleast for me.  Maybe I was just too hungry?  But I left feeling like I had room for another little some'm, some'm.  The price?  again, when I feel the portion wasnt enough, then you know Im gonna complain about the price.  It didnt match up with the portion size.  Anyway, both my sister and I liked the food and we also got to conversate with the owners. They are NY transplants and are trying to build clientele in a new city.  The owners wife is a gorgeous woman, very slim with long pretty hair (I dont know why Im describing her? but she's pretty and stood out, thats all!)  So basically if you're in that part of town and crave some Arabic food, then you know where to find it.
5	This place is awesome.  I have been going since it opened, and it's great.  The owners are friendly, and the service is usually good.  It can get a tad slow when busy, but they aren't too bad.  They used to have hookah before the ban, now they just have some laying around for decoration.If you go during lunch, they've recently added a lunch menu, which is really the same as the normal plates, but just a discount on the meal.  You can walk out with a full stomach and drink for under $10.The chicken kabob, shwarma, beef kabob, kafta mishwaya, all good.  The Philly sandwich isn't a true philly but it's not bad for someone who doesn't want the typical middle eastern fare.If you sit down, they usually bring out some pita, some garlic sauce, a salsa type of sauce... we usually get an order of hummus too, which is excellent.I'm a big guy and when I go, I pretty much am stuffed.  I guess I fill up on the pita, which they will refill when necessary.Since it is a small place, they recognize you after 1 or 2 visits, which I always like.  It's nice to know that they appreciate your business.  I always like to support the local food spots, and this one is great.  Check it out.
3	Good value, pretty good food.  I give Sultan's props for serving middle eastern in a culinarily lacking location.  The staff was nice and helpful.  The food was relatively good - especially considering the price - $6.99 for lunch special which ends up at $7.50 with tax.  The restaurant smelled a little bit like public restroom (the cleaner) which was kind of a turn off.
2	Not worth it.  I've eaten the kabobs here before and they were pretty good but nothing great.  Most recently I tried the Falafel.  I have to say it was not good at all.  Granted it was only 5 bucks but not worth wasting my dinner on it.  It was burnt to a crisp and lacked any real flavor. I have had a better Falafel at an American mom and pop place in Charlotte vs. this restaurant.
5	Hidden little treasure, who knew?  I would have never stumbled across this place if I had not taken a wrng turn into the parking lot. Family owned business. Delicious fresh salads. Complimentary pita w/ garlic yogurt sauce.  I ordered the chicken kabobs and the gyro. Loved both.  The 2 things I look for in a new restaurant are: service & food.  They nailed it.I will go back, we have already gone twice this week.
4	This is a good Lebanese place in an area you wouldn't expect to find any good eats. They give you some pitas to munch while you're waiting for your order served with some garlicky labneh and a salsa type sauce. On Thursdays they have chicken shawarma which was the draw for me. When I think shawarma I usually think of the ubiquitous gyro cone from the Kronos company, that light brown meat loaf mass with little black speckles. The chicken shawarma here is made the authentic way with slabs of marinated meat being piled on the spit topped with a tomato for flavor. The meat was very moist and the shawarma sandwich came with a garlicky sauce which was a refreshing change from the tzatziki that comes with a greek gyro. The sauce was more reminiscent of a turkish doner kebab white sauce. It came with fries sprinkled with a cajun type seasoning. All of it was quite tasty. The service was friendly. There were some big spenders eating a mixed grill plate with lamb chops and other bbq'ed meats that had a spectacular aroma. They also had gotten a full mezze plate. The veggie lunch special for 6.99 is basically a small mezze plate and looked quite good. The prices here are very reasonable.
4	My first visit here wasn't great. However, after going a second time I found that the gyro and chicken kabob are excellent. The cook is talented I just feel he needs some help when it gets busy. Don't let the location deter you from trying their food.
3	Typical of Middle Eastern food, the Sultan Kabob House offers kabobs, hummus, shawarma...etc. The food is what you'd expect to get from most places of the like. If you like Middle Eastern food...you'll probably like the food here.So why three stars then...right?Well, this place is A-OK in my book...and I'll probably try some other Middle Eastern restaurants before I go back again. Nothing really wowed me per say...but I was surprised to like their chicken shawarma...as I prefer beef. Still do...but the chicken was good.The beef kabobs were a bit dry and the falafel and tabbouleh were pretty close to what I make at home, but nothing to complain about.Sultan Kabob House also has a warm and inviting staff that I became accustomed to in the Minneapolis area. The hostess at Sultan chatted with us and was personable.Overall, I would recommend giving SKH a try. If you like Middle Eastern food, it's what you'll get. If you're looking for a culinary masterpiece...you wouldn't be eating in a strip-mall in the first place.
5	Today for lunch I got my Dessert first, Turkish Coffee and it lasted the entire meal!  This is the best Turkish Coffee and one of the best Caffeinated beverages I have ever tasted!!!  See my photos and be amazed at how they served this on a Golden Platter!  Presentation WOW!  Strong and Sweet!!! An Easy Five yelp stars!!!  Baklava would have been nice, though they were all out of all Desserts! Pita bread on the side (a big side), Beef Kabob Wrap 3.9 stars, The Best Cucumber, Sour Cream or Very thick Yogurt Dressing maybe called Tzatziki Sauce 5 stars! A Special Hot Sauce (served on a plate) fantastic 5 stars!The Tabouleh the best I have ever eaten 5 yelp stars!Potatoes Harra also the best I have ever eaten 5 yelp stars!The Baba Ghanouj was good, though too mild for me, a little plain and not the flavor compared to the other dishes here and other Baba Ghanouj, 3.65 starsService is not so important to me especially when the food is great, though here they have fantastic service and food!Yes I'll be coming back!  There are some more items I want to taste!
5	I am so glad I found this wonderful restaurant.They have a buffet which tastes home made, and has favorites like Hummos, Dolomathes, Tzatziki, chicken kabab, soups, and more. Everything is delicious.It is definately a hidden gem. Do yourself a favor and go visit.
5	Great food and family atmosphere.
4	I have a soft spot for Mediterranean dishes, so if there's a good restaurant nearby then I have to try it. You can't easily see if from the street (it's in the back of a strip mall) and it's not in a location you'd expect, but damn is the food good. This is definitely another hidden gem of the Queen City.We hit this place for their lunch buffet. I wasn't sure what to expect since Charlotte isn't known for its international flare. Thankfully, I was pleasantly surprised by the entire experience. The customer service is amazing. You can tell it's a mom & pop place because they really care about everything they're doing. The buffet was very well stocked and constantly refreshed. I ate several plates of delicious food with the chicken shwarma being my hands down favorite. Their Turkish coffee was fantastic and I highly recommend you end the meal with it. This is a great little place and I sincerely hope its poor location doesn't hurt it too much. There needs to be more food like this in Charlotte.
5	I'm saddened that the Kabob House is closed (I went there a couple of days ago to have lunch and chat with my lovely little friend, Sihaan-The owner's little girl). It was to be my last lunch there, as I am switching jobs and will no longer be in the area. But the owner did tell me she wanted to go back to New York City. I wish them all of the best!
1	Went there yesterday at 130pm and I was the only person there. They did not have a menu, only offer a limited buffet, and didn't have ice for drinks. They had a huge menu board but nothing was featured on it.   Seemed like maybe this may have been a great place at one time but that time has passed.
