5	The wait is finally over after what seemed an eternity to me! I always get excited when a new restaurant opens downtown because that means more places for me to choose from when out on lunch.I decided to go with the buffalo soldier, it sure had a nice kick, let's just say I was a boogery mess after my meal. I was pleased! The food was definitely scrumpdidiliumptious.  The sauce was to die for, really rich and creamy and packed with a lot of good flavor. The noodles were cooked to perfection and the buffalo chicken was cooked just right with no fat at all, thank god for that because it seems that I always get bad luck with that wherever I go, ha! I think I've found my new favorite restaurant. I have to try everything on their menu. They're just too good not to!
3	*sigh*  I went in to try this place on a whim, since I live in the neighborhood and I LOVE noodles!  I was all excited, the decor is cute, the staff is friendly, the music is great, the menu is diverse, the prices are reasonable (or so I thought)..but then I got my food..Now, let me start by saying that I do understand that quality and quantity do not ever need to have anything to do with each other.  But given that the quality of this dish was not compensating for the UTTER lack of quantity, it made me a sad Necie.  I ordered mine to-go, and upon getting home and excitedly opening up the box, I stared at it for a minute, wondering if there was a mix-up..Was there some poor child that now had to wait for their order since it was accidentally given to me?  I'm not model thin, and I do have an appetite, but the portioning on this dish was out of whack compared to what was charged ($10.54).  There's a picture of the exact dish I ordered in the same to-go box situation as mine in another review to show that I'm not crazy!  Like, just to be clear, there's NOT another layer of noodles underneath that which is visible in that picture.  And that to-go box is NOT huge.  In fact, they probably should just use Chinese food to go boxes as they'd waste less space.  Here's the deal, was the sauce yummy?  Yeah.  Was the chicken yummy?  Yeah.  Was the flavor profile overall a good idea in practice?  Yeah.  But if you are going to put together a fairly simple dish, don't skimp on the pasta!  Had there been 1/3-twice more pasta, I wouldn't have written this review.  I'd have wondered why there were 5 tiny pieces of chicken lost amongst the rest of the delicious sauce and noodles, but I wouldn't have felt completely jipped.  Or had this dish been priced around $6.50, I would have accepted the portioning.  This all really disappoints me as there were a few other dishes I wanted to try after reading through the entire menu, but at this point, unless someone ELSE is buying (and that someone else has a small appetite), I won't be going back (unless they adjust their portioning).  The only reason I gave this 3 stars was due to the fact that the food was pretty good..just not good enough to justify the cost.
4	Cheap eats done well! I'm glad the 18b has a new affordable eatery. My first trip was suggested by Derek Stonebarger of Atomic Liquor/Theatre 7 fame, so I dove right in with the Buffalo Soldier, which was like awesomeness in a dish. Creamy, blue cheesy (but not too strong) shells topped with buffalo chicken and garnished with shredded celery and carrots? All that was missing was Monday Night Football and a beer! I took my cast of "Chalk Boy" over after a rehearsal and we each had different plates. What I've learned is this: it ain't fine dining, but it's affordable and tasty as hell. The only caveat is the limited seating. I know the day's gonna come when they get so popular that you won't be able to grab a chair...
4	This new Art District gem is officially a fabulous new addiction of mine. Could I give 4.75 stars, I would. The food is a 5. I've tried three dishes now, and even cold the day after, my tummy is smiling. The ingredients are fresh and original, the noodles are fabulous (and I love me some noodles), and the vibe/decor are awesome if you, like me, like to feel the urban vibe of a rockabilly. Pomp's obviously welcome. The only problem: (Aside from the place being around the corner and dangerously easy to visit non-stop): the outdoor seating, while convenient and cute for the little space they have to work with, is not that great if it's more than you and a plate. But inside is fab and the staff was great, so I recommend a visit for yourself, especially the next time you stumble out of the artifice or velveteen rabbit and need some noodles.
4	Had the Devil Went Down to Georgia. It had a good amount of heat, shrimp were huge and cooked well, overall a great lunch. They also deliver, which was great.
4	Called in a takeout order tonight & the process of ordering and going in to pick up was quick and painless. I could see parking being an issue for some, but that's just how it is downtown. Due to the small size of this place, I would probably only call in orders, but it's a really cute place. The food was good and something I would try again. The Sweet Home Alabama was spicier than I expected, which was nice, but not as cheesy as I'd hoped. My husband got the Great Balls of Fire and he thought that it was good and the meatballs had a nice kick to them.  All in all, a good experience. As someone who lives and works downtown, it's nice to have a new place that isn't pizza and is quick and easy to get takeout from.
5	We just ate dinner at this new restaurant in the heart of the art district. The food and service was outstanding. The owner Brien came out and talked to us like we were family. The atmosphere is warm and cozy. We shared many wonderful dishes. We tried the "Ray of Light" penne pasta with spinach, pine nuts, and panchetta, delicious! We also had the "Sweet Home Alabama", "Everybody Wang Chung Tonight", "Bangagong", and "Born on The Bayou". They were all outstanding. Each dish was bursting with flavors. Chef Abby really outdid herself. We sampled her cream puffs and fruit tarts and have to say they were some of the best in Las Vegas. We can't wait to come back again. Check out the menu, you'll love it!
5	I own amberjoys vintage closet around the corner from them, so they deliver to me almost daily.  Amazing food!!!  The cream puffs, the mac with bbq chicken is the best chicken I've ever had!  Crispy, moist, bite sized perfection!!!  The alfredo with noodles and chicken is smooth, yummy and awesome!  I've brought friends, taken clients, order all the time.  They are the best food in the arts district so far, and I've eaten everywhere!  I live at the JUHL so this is our stop in town.  You gotta go try them!  And the prices are very reasonable, good portion sizes, you don't leave hungry.  They have never hurt my tummy, so they use great quality food.
5	Really delicious.  Very much looking forward to trying everything. Based on what I had (Bang a Gong), if the rest if the menu comes close this little spot is a real winner. Good portion, good price, superb flavor.
5	Brian surprised us yet again tonight with a meal for two people with dessert as he walked into my store.  I wasn't expecting anything! He is such an awesome owner and the meal was amazing. Noodles with sauteed vegetables and feta on the side. Garlic bread and fat bottomed girls. Thank you Brian you're amazing!
5	So I just started raw, where do I go to get food?  Rock 'n' oodles!!!  They make me special meals that meet my needs and it is amazing!!!  They just made me uncooked zucchini juliened with some raw sauce and avacado with tomatoes and onions.  It is soooooo good!
5	You can tell that lots of care and attention was put into our dishes. The dishes we ordered were unique and BURSTING with flavors that combined amazingly! Lots of unique options on the menu and the desserts were amazing! There were two of us so we split two dishes (Sweet Home Alabama & Californication) and tried the soup of the day (Vietnamese beef pho - and yes they did nail it!) and an iced tea ($40 with tip). I'm glad downtown is getting more creative amazing restaurants! This is a place I would take a friend or out of town guest. The dining area is EXTREMELY small, takeout may be a great option here too. A large group would have a problem here. There are a couple of high small tables outside with heat lamps when it's cold. PROS: Sweet home Alabama (the mix of flavors were amazing)             Hazelnut chocolate dessert mini cake             FRESH FRESH FRESH ingredients             Talented chefsCONS: Dining room area is very small
5	Californication and the ray of light pasta entrees both blew me away! Great flavors, wide variety of pasta and flavors to choose from but the thing that stands out the most are employees! Completely accommodating and extremely helpful, made sure we knew everything we needed to order and even sent us home with a couple menus (they also serve breakfast) we will definitely be back and probably end up getting takeout at some point!
5	I had the Devil Went Down to Georgia.  If you love a hot, spicy dish, this is the one for you!  This dish also has some nice, well cooked shrimp.  It is a cozy place, in the Arts District, just steps south of Charleston, on  S. 3rd Street.  Brien, the owner, was very welcoming and friendly.  He usually is there in the afternoons and evenings.  But, delivery is also available.  This is my first dish here, and plan to try other dishes.I would like to try their breakfast also, if I could get up that early.
5	I had the Devil Went Down To Georgia.  If you like hot and spicy, this dish if for you!  The shrimp is nice, plump, and well cooked also.  It is a cozy place in the Arts District, steps south of Charleston, on S. 3rd Street.  Brien, the owner, is awesome.He usually is there, afternoons and evenings, but, delivery is also available.  This is the first dish I have tried, and plan on trying others.  I would like to try their breakfast also, if I could get  up that early.
2	Recently gave this place a try with my S.O. and immediately regretted it. She ordered the sweet home alabama (mac n cheese topped with chicken and bbq sauce,) I got the californication (creme fraiche tarragon white wine sauce with veggies and penne, topped with fried eggplant strips.) The eggplant tasted like oily mush, and the bbq sauce overpowered the mac. Both dishes were bland and reminded me of ordering from the kids menu at macaroni grill. We also tried an order of their sliders; a pathetic meatball lost in two pieces of french bread. The food is unsophisticated, unimaginative and expensive. The music is awful, and the place is tiny, like 3 tables, tiny. If you're looking for someone to make fresh versions of microwavable dinners, look no further.
3	We have been ordering from this restaurant every Thursday since they opened. We do get it delivered being that we are a downtown business also.  So when we do order we have at least 3-5 dinners that we order.  We have loved the food and talked to others about how good it was.  Today I went to place our weekly order and was told the delivery person was not available.  I did state that was to bad because we had a large order and do order every week.  Before I could even ask the phone person when will the delivery driver arrive since we are working til 7:30 and would still like to place an order.  The phone person said I don't care and hung up.  Now that is terrible service and because of that we as a business will no longer order from there at all.I am adding to my original review because Abby the chef did just call us to apologize which I thought was very professional and I appreciated the call.  Because the food is so good and she can not always control what her staff does I will give them another try next Thursday.  I hope at that time I can write another review with all fives.
5	Born on the Bayou is the second dish I have tried here.  It is a dish with cajun influence, with chorizo, andouille sausage, bacon, smoked ham and chicken jambalaya served over orzo pasta.  It has a nice spicy taste to it.  The place is small, but cozy, and right in the heart of the Arts District.  Give it a try.
5	I had my third dish here, which was the soup of the day, and that was Chili.  I took it to go, and it hit the spot for a late night meal after the bar scene.  It did taste very homemade, not like your run-of-the-mill fast food chili.  HEAPING!  Yes worth every penny!  I can't wait until it is offered again, of course you never know unless you are there every day - so  BE THERE.
5	The food here is awesome! Each entree has it's own taste and I love how the chef can modify the entree per my allergy. The staff including owner are so friendly and accommodating and are able to recommend things on their menu by what you enjoy. I love how they have specials everytime I come in. Their fried pickles are so good, definitely worth trying if they have it. I have not been disappointed by any dish so far and portions are large, come hungry! Don't forget to try the desserts! My boyfriend and I will surely come back and try every pasta dish. LOL.The only downside is that it's a small location with limited parking BUT you can always grab it to go!A-  Sweet Home Alabama: The popcorn chicken is crunchy and tender in the inside. Very flavorful! This one is for the barbecue sauce loversA- Born on the Bayou: Hearty taste from the sausage and bacon. A+ Nights in White Satin: One of my faves! Cream sauce is light and not overpowering. Great flavor from truffle oil. I substituted the shrimp for chicken. A+ lemon bars: OralGASM! Enough said. Moist, melts in your mouth.
5	I stopped in Rock N' oodles for lunch today. For a while I thought the place was pretty cheese ball (just by the looks of it) but it's pretty rad. Small place, seats about 12 inside an a couple more outside, right across the way from The Arts Factory. Independent of the Downtown Project footprint. Parking is pretty scarce but a very nice bike ride from any of the surrounding neighborhoods. Worth checking out! favorite menu items : "White Riot" salad (the clash) and "The Mexican Radio Tacos", carniatas tacos (wall of voodoo)Also, if they would include, Nick Cave, Leonard Cohen, Ian Curtis/Joy Division menu items I would poop my pants.
5	I have now eaten at this place three times, and each was as good as the last.  I always order take out, and the food is ready in 10-15 minutes (perfect for a busy schedule).  The menu is interesting and, at first glance, the combinations seem downright strange.  But something about it really works.  The flavors are outstanding and the portion size is just right.  The staff is also very friendly and the restaurant itself, while small, has a cool vibe.  This is a perfect spot for lunch downtown.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!The Buffalo Soldier pasta dish was my spicy buffalo chicken and creamy blue Cheese dream.  The portion was very generous as well. ($9.95)The Space Oddity small plate was a delicious balance of tangy and spicy.  I really enjoyed the texture experience with the pickle and crispy beer batter.  Sriracha Ranch sauce?  Shut the front door... so good!' ($3.95)Fat Bottom Girl cream puffs with choice of dark chocolate or powder sugar were both sinful. ($1.00 each)Atmosphere was so much fun too!  The soundtrack was epic and the artwork of classic records is great to look at.   The inside seats 12 people and there are heated tables outside with a view of downtown Las Vegas.   The owner was there and was so friendly and fun to talk to.  I can't wait to go back or get delivery/take-out.  I'm already craving Ray of Light and Califonication!
5	I fell in love with Rock'N'oodles today. And as much as I'd love to keep a restaurant like this to myself... I've decided that spreading the word will give them the credit they deserve.Upon entering Rock'N'oodles is a wall of classic records you'll recognize (if you have good taste, LOL). It's a pretty small space, but regardless of that, it's set up well and decorated tastefully. The lighting is superb! The chairs aren't bad either--there are throw pillows for the booths. Oh, and the restroom is clean--that's an automatic thumbs up in my book!Parking is limited, and it's separate from the Downtown Project and Fremont St. but it's only about a mile away, so if you are in the area for that, it won't be too much of a bother to head on over!Now, for the food! That's the important part, right?! It's unfortunate for me to admit, but I've only had the sides here! My party had already eaten before exploring the downtown area and stumbling upon this joint. But when we entered out of curiosity and read the menu, we could not leave without ordering something.The menu items are named after hit singles; we had the Space Oddity (beer battered pickle spears and sriracha ranch) and Smells Like Teen Spirit (fries with parmesan, herbs and a chipotle aioli). I've never had combinations like this before. They were both so delicious! I'm not big on condiments at all but these sides were worth the adventurous try! The chef served it to us and was incredibly polite. It was truly an awesome experience! My party and I have already decided to come back for a full meal! Definitely looking forward to trying the entrees and desserts!
4	Tried this place as a referral from Cindy at the Funk House around the corner. I ordered the mac and cheese which was quite good. The serving was huge and I couldn't finish it all. The Mac had a more creamy sauce than unusually go for but was still very cheesy. The BBQ chicken on the top was a nice and crispy too. The owner was very nice and helpful when I asked for suggestions. He even offered to let me sample the soup of the day. Only down notes are that it has very limited space in their parking lot and it was slightly to noisy in there with the loud music and the TVs on. Even when I tried to sit outside to get out of the noise I sat right under some speakers. But I guess i should have expected that given the environment. :) **Will go here again with my gf and try the other selections.
5	Have you ever had deep fried pickles?  It is call Space Oddity here and is only $3.95 for 5 dill pickles spears coated in beer batter and deep fried to perfection.  It is served with sriracha ranch if you wish.  They also have other small plates like crispy chicken wings in asian glaze and spicy meatball sliders.  Of course they also have entrees.  Check out the menu at www.rocknoodles.com  Give it a try, you won't be sorry!  They have cozy seating inside or seating outside.  Delivery is also available.
4	I like to rock out with my noodles out, so naturally I like this joint. I would tell you about the dishes I order, but I just checked the menu and they have been removed, so I won't waste my time :) I will tell you that the prices are right, there's free delivery and the eats have never disappointed. So there's that. The parking sitch is a bit tight, so be prepared to park across the street. The joint is small, but there is some outside seating. Def great for a quick, fresh meal downtown!
5	I have walked past this location several times during every First Friday. Today I finally decided I wanted to eat something different. The menu is small and simple. There is also a lot of different varieties of food choices, all of which are made with a type of noodle. This establishment has gone above and beyond with what they can do with a noodle. The interior is decorated with records along the side of the wall. The staff members are all passionate about the food they create and how they serve it. I ended up trying the "One Night in Bangkok" noodle dish. The flavor was outstanding. The explosion of flavors and the sweet chili they use just completed the dish. Definitely a must try spot
5	Wow... Just when I thought Brio was it for Italian cuisine. This is a game changer! Great flavors and great service!! 5 stars!
4	3.5, solid 3.5. Want to know why I went with 4 and not 3? THE PORTIONS!! Holy mother of Italy who needs that much pasta!?! By no means is that a complaint either! I love when I can enjoy leftovers of a great meal! Especially carbs. A place easy to miss if you're not paying attention. Also, a place that can pay its rent in one First Friday if they play their cards right. I am all about adding family friendly establishments to downtown. This one fits that description perfectly. A small, "hole in the wall" with the walls plastered in album covers and the dishes named after songs. IE: Great Ballls of Fire, Born on the Bayou, Smells Like Teen Spirit, and Return of the Mac. Such a corky concept that fits in the unique, younger, artistic culture downtown has grown accustom to these last couple of years. To me the food was average other than the Smoke on the Water salad. This is a salad you would think has meat because of the smoky flavor but it indeed is vegetarian. Its a huge portion of baby greens, tortilla strips, tomatoes, corn, avocado, and a smoked chipotle vinegar dressing. I did NOT need to order a pasta as well, but the blue cheese in the Buffalo Solider did not disappoint! I could tell the food was fresh, but I am not sure there is anything that blew my mind where I will be left in craving mode. Don't get me wrong, I will totally eat here. Again, and again. Hopefully next time I will be "wowed" I leave with expectations of writing a 5 star review in the future.
4	This place is amazing. Don't let the size of this restaurant fool you. The servings are very fair!I usually order takeout because people always stare at what I order! Sort of like a group of seagulls on spring break watching Jonah Hill eat a meatball sandwich on the beach. It comes with the territory I suppose. There is something here for everyone! No one gets left out. Not even the vegans, I hope.I order the Buffalo Soldier. I love buffalo sauce and the bleu cheese turned me off at first, but like I said "This place is amazing."Life changing meals that are cheaper than a psychiatrist! The only CON about this place is the amount of bread you receive with your pasta. Call me a snob or picky. I truly don't care. When it comes to pasta, bread is an essential partner in crime for this dining experience. I receive roughly over a pound of pasta whenever I order the Buffalo Soldier. The only thing I can compare this horrible strategy of service is the way chicken wing restaurants distribute their ranch. It's a stingy move and very annoying. There is going to be that moment where customers are going to be hungry and THEY WILL compare the destinations of interest. The little scrap of bread you provide with your pasta will not go unnoticed. Fix it, please. That is all.
5	Okay let's be honest. It's noodles. I mean really? Five starts for noodles? How can that be?Well.....their combinations of flavors and textures make noodles, WOO-HOODLES!!Oh, and did I mention the desert offerings aren't too shabby? (nor is the garlic bread!)They keep this up, they will need a bigger place!
5	Awesome corn chowder, wang chung, night in bangkok the owner also threw in a trio of deserts on the house the lemon bar was the  best.
5	YUM!!!!!!  Really all the entrees  have good flavor and desserts you cant walk out without at least one!
3	This is a tiny hole-in-the-wall place without the hole-in-the-wall atmosphere. The menu had fun 80's and older song name for the dishes i.e. Paradise City, Buffalo Soldier. Incredibly small dining room though, a couple of tables and a couple outside. We sat outside which was nice except we were right next to the bus lane so as long as you don't mind bus patrons staring at you - then you are golden. I would have given this place four stars for the food but the lack of service knocked them down to three. Also for a dish made out of macaroni it seemed a bit pricey at the $11 price point after taxes, that being said I tried both the Buffalo Soldier (blue cheese with chicken nuggets with Frank's Red Hot Sauce) and the Sweet Home Alabama (Gouda mac'n'cheese with chicken nuggets with bacon and bbq sauce). I liked them both but for blue cheese the Buffalo Soldier had a very mild flavor, I preferred the Sweet Home Alabama (with my own added hot sauce of course). There was not a lot of sauce i.e. cheese but there was enough for flavor and the chicken was perfectly cooked, not greasy, with a crunchy light (panko?) breading. The portion size was decent too and we both left with left-overs. Also, tried the Fat Bottom Girls (cream puffs) one with chocolate and one without. It took quite some time to get our food, despite there only being one other customer that was already eating, so the cream puffs became our appetizer. My other complaints for service included when we went to get a take out box there was no one at the counter, my friend waited a good 10 minutes or so while trying to strain her neck to see if anyone was in the back before someone helped her. Also, we ended up bussing our own table - I supposed we could have just left everything outside but considering the area we didn't want anything to happen to their serving ware - so considering the lack of staff we decided to help them out. My friend ordered a soda and they forgot to give her the cup, she finally asked for it. Bottom Line - I enjoyed the comfort food and I think for macaroni and cheese they have some great flavor profiles, however the service was practically non-existant, and the prices weren't cheap, not expensive, but not cheap.
5	This place is a fabulous addition to an odd downtown neighborhood.  It is great for lunch.  Let's start with parking: rough!  If you are near downtown, just walk.  Otherwise, be prepared to park far away and walk.  When you go in, there are three or four tables, that's it.  You can sit outside, but we didn't see anyone doing that.  So, we ordered food to go.  The food was amazing and the people really take pride in good food and good customer service.  There is a lot of music memorabilia on the walls you can check out while you wait.  I didn't have any dessert like other yelpers have, but I will def be back to check it out.  Highly recommend.
5	A lot of hype has been attached to the new restaurants opening up Downtown, but to be honest a lot of it is just  that: hype. It's hard for me to get excited about paying $20 for a $10 meal I could get at a Station Casino, just because it's being served on a fancier plate in a snootier setting. Fortunately, Rock'N'oodles bucks this trend by offering great food, generous portions and reasonable prices in a fun atmosphere.Everything I've tried here has been amazing: from the Sweet Home Alabama (smoked gouda mac n cheese with buttermilk-fried popcorn chicken, bacon and homemade BBQ sauce) to the Asian wings and pork tacos. Everything is made fresh, and the portions are definitely Pulsar-sized. The house-made cream puffs are crazy addictive.  R'N'N isn't just my new favorite Downtown restaurant. It's my new favorite restaurant, period.
5	I was shocked, this place is great! The bathroom is spotless and the kitchen looks clean. You gotta hustle on down here this place is good. I had a bangkok noodles with the cilantro a chicken and it was really good and a hearty portion.
5	Unique names to match their flavors!  Quick service and a friendly staff....make sure to check out the desserts, fat bottom girls are to die for!
5	Friendly service, delicious food and a commitment to the craft. My favorites are the Born on the Bayou jambalaya with orzo pasta and the Great Balls of Fire spaghetti. Take it to go or have it delivered.
4	A restaurant specializing in pasta dishes named after classic rock songs? Sign me up!Went in and placed an order to go, wait was fairly reasonable considering I was right behind another couple that had walked in. Staff was polite, restaurant was clean, treats in dessert case looked appetizing.Ordered the Sweet Home Alabama and the Slide meatball sliders- sliders were solidly average, but I appreciated how they were packed with an additional cup of marinara for dipping. Pasta dish was a good-sized portion with delicious gouda sauce, 7 pieces of barbeque popcorn chicken (a little dry inside), and some red onions. Initially I was a bit apprehensive about this dish, but it really worked. Even the slight dryness of the poultry was easily overlooked by the sauciness of the pasta.Very pleased with my order.Final note: take out orders are packed in the brown cardboard boxes, which is a lot nicer and more environmentally friendly than styrofoam. Portions for the pasta are large, saved half my order and the extra slider for tomorrow's lunch. With tip, total was under $20.
5	I am not necessarily a noodle fan, but have yet to find a dish that I didn't clean the plate. So far everything is going great here including the service! I love the queen location and size. Just had the bang a gong and it is my new fav!  Come say hi to Brian or Susan and have a great meal!
3	I like the half sizes for lunch just enough to fill you up but not overly full.  I had the Night in White Satin which was good not too truffly.  I was worried as I don't like too much truffle oil.  Flavor was yummy!  It's a pretty small place, only 4 tables and it did take a while to get our food.  More of a take out place.
5	Absolutely delicious!  Big portions, nice staff & they deliver!  The Buffalo Soldier is to die for!
4	I'm a huge music nerd so with a name like Rock N Noodle and menu comprised of song titles I totally had to check it out. Plus my husband loves pasta. We first went with our good friends and fellow Yelpers Dyanna and Brent. After that time Joel and I both had agreed that we should have gotten what they had. So on a recent visit back we did! Since it was like 8:30pm and they close at 9pm we decided to take our order to go. Joel ordered the Sweet Home Alabama. It's like Mac and cheese had a baby with some barbecued chicken. He gobbled it up! And quickly said he couldn't wait to have it again. I ordered the Smoke on the Water salad and added chicken and also got the Wind Beneath My Wings. By the time we got home (since we live all the way in Henderson & they are on 3rd st) I was ready to tear open the bag. The smells coming from the brown bag were glorious! When I pulled everything out I found we were missing my wings. I was so sad. I quickly called Rock N Noodle and talked to Brian. He was very nice and apologetic. He just did not hear me when I ordered the wings. But he did say that when we come in next he will give me a free order! Very cool! Now the salad! Mmmmmm yummy! You have to try it! It tastes like a rib in a salad. But there are no ribs in this! Just lettuce, tomato, red onion, wonton crisps and avocado. I added chicken too! The dressing though! Wow! It just makes the salad. It has a smokey, spicy, Bbqing quality about the salad dressing. Like no other salad that I've had before.I'll be back soon for my free wings and another salad. Wish we lived closer I'd be there every week. If your craving pasta and killer salads hit Rock N Noodle up!!
5	Rock "N'oodles is officially one of my family's most favorite places to order from right now.  My three year old specifically requests it, and he doesn't even order off of the kids menu.  My favorite that we share is Sweet Home Alabama...yummy!!!  The owner is very kind and always delivers to our door when we order.  The food is delicious, the delivery service is fast and the food is always fresh.  I recommend Rock 'N' Noodles to anyone looking for something different, creative and delicious to eat.
2	I've eaten in twice, today first time for take out. First rule, eat in... you easily get two or three times the amount of food for the same price. Next, check your order. I'm vegan and I always modify. My take out had meat in it. When I called back to ask nicely to remake my order, the guy argued with me and said "the cook said he didn't put meat in it."  Trust me, I would be eating it if it didn't have meat in it. The food seems fresh, and like I said, if you eat in there's plenty for leftovers. Team Noodle, my real suggestion is to add a vegan pasta to the menu so there's no confusion or arguing with the "cook" about what should be on the dish. Keep it simple and everyone will be happy.
4	Decided to try out RockNoodles yesterday and Im glad I did.  Ordered the Buffalo Soldier and my son had the Nights In White Satin.  The half order for $6.95 was plenty for him and was a good deal for the portion....the side of fresh garlic bread was a nice touch.  The Asian wings were good and so were the parmesan fries that came with a nice Siracha based sauce.  One note, the Pitbull/Beyonce/Drake 98.5 soundtrack was a bummer and could have ruined the trip.  Gotta put more effort into the music when you have Rock in your name and album covers on the wall!!!
5	Amazing food and Brian is the best. I recommend "Livin' La Vida Loca" and "Bang a Gong".
5	The quality of food and value you get from this place is unparalleled by most establishments I've been to. Not only is their buffalo Mac and cheese absolutely delicious but the portions are plenty and the prices are great! I also ordered their jambalaya but couldn't even touch it I was so stuffed. Their pasta is tasty too. The only problem is their location which is a hole in the wall joint in the middle of nowhere. They need to get one in Henderson at some point! The workers are also super friendly. One of them even gave me and my friend a tour of their kitchen. Love this place
5	So Brian and crew did it again!  Another successful and delicious dinner for me and guests at my shop.  He hand delivered, gave an entire box of desserts as a gift and rocked our taste buds with fantastic-ness.    The indian spices in mine was awesome, the one night in Bangkok  was refreshing and delightful.  Thank you again Rock"n"oodles!
3	The fiance, friend and I wanted to eat lunch in the area and found our "usual" was closed for a repair so I busted out bookmarks and off we went. This spot does creative pasta toppings and has a Rock N Roll theme with the names and vinyls on the wall. Funny, but I heard not one rock song while there. It's a small spot with 4 tables so not really a place for a big family dinner. Even though we were given a table and menus, we were then told we have to get up and order and pay at the counter. It is a DIY drink fountain situation as well. The fiance and I shared: Sweet Home Alabama - this is a smoked gouda macaroni with bacon, onion, popcorn chicken topped with BBQ sauce. The flavor of this was pretty good, I did like the gouda cheese sauce, but it was sparse on the bacon as I got 2 bites where I noticed it. I'm all about don't put a sprinkle of something in a amount that doesn't do anything for the dish so either place a solid presence of bacon flavor or leave it out. The popcorn chicken was a bit over fried though as it was dark in color and dried it out.Livin' La Vida Loca - pepper jack penne with carnitas, beans, pico and jalapeno on top. The carnitas topping is really good, nice flavor and tender but the pasta sauce was lacking in flavor and needed some seasoning as it was just straight cream. Our friend also got this. Both these were overly sauced as well. I like generous sauce but it looked like soup when all the pasta was picked out.You get a garlic bread slice with each pasta and it was standard, but good. The pasta comes in two sizes- full bowl and half. We got the Sweet Home as a full and the Livin' as a half. I took a picture for comparison of the bowls. The small is deceiving as it's still a good portion. The place has potential. It's all in the execution details and little tweaks that can take it from "a'ight" to something solid good. I'll maybe give them another try at a later date.
5	Great local spot! Sweet home Alabama and bread is excellent! If you are in the downtown area and want a tasty treat
5	Wow!  Hollywood Nights Salad was the best salad I have ever had thus far in my life. The mix of flavors from the savory bacon to the sweet of the cranberries were an amazing combination of flavors. That bacon dressing is to die for. The wife had to stop me from licking the bowl clean. I will always make it appoint to stop in during my visits to Vegas.
5	I work downtown and cannot get enough of this place. It's tiny, but sooo good! I'm on a mission to try everything on their menu. I'm about halfway. The cooks have each created their own pasta dishes to add to the menu. Sometimes I just ask for the current cook's creation. I have never been disappointed. Too many good dishes to list. Seriously, love them all. But the Buffalo Soldier and Nights in White Satin are "can't miss" for any new comer.
5	This is what a small business should be! We walked from downtown to the restaurant and it was worth every single step!! We ordered Sweet Home Alabama, Knights in White Satin, Great Balls of Fire, two orders of butter noodles (for the kiddos) and the fries. Ok everything was amazing! Let me start by saying they saved a seat for us after we called in. After I ordered I went to pay and my bank put a hold on my account as I'm vacationing and they were making sure there was no fraud. Ok so the great folks at Rockin Noodle were prepared to give us the meal for free!!!! Pure class! After the bank called me to ensure I wasn't robbed everything was good so I paid and this is when I was told they were going to take care of our check. Awesome people here!! Ok so food was epic, we were leaving waiting for a cab and they gave the kiddos a bottle of water and brownies to go!! Seriously it's so nice to see the generosity these days, in a place like Vegas where everything cost money, these guys are top notch! Definitely worth a trip peeps please go show these guys some love!
5	I came here with my sister for a late lunch since we were in the downtown area. I loved it so much that I brought my husband here the very next day for lunch. He approved.Located on 3rd St off of Charleston, this place could be very easy to miss. The parking behind the restaurant is cramped and limited. Fully expect to get blocked in which happened to me when someone decided to park directly behind me while I was parked in an actual designated parking spot. The restaurant itself is very small with maximum occupancy of 14. They have two four person tables and two bar tables that seat two each. The decor is a fusion of very elegant and laid back. The furniture is accented with comfortable pillows while the walls are adorned with various rock n roll album covers.The menus are located at the counter and that is where you place your order. They also have silverware, additional sauces and other condiments at the counter as well.Both days I ordered Buffalo Soldier pasta along with Teen Spirit fries. Buffalo Soldier fries are exactly what you might infer from the name - creamy blue cheese macaroni topped with boneless buffalo chicken and buffalo sauce. 5/5Smells Like Teen Spirit fries - Really, really, realllly delicious fries tossed in herbs and parmesan served with chipotle aioli. The portion is huge for the extremely reasonable price of $3.95  5/5Born on the Bayou - I tried some of my sister's order and was thoroughly impressed by the quality and the quantity that came in a half sized portion. This had the works :chorizo, andouielle sausage, bacon, smoked ham and chicken jambalaya served over orzo pasta. This is a very filling option and I'd strongly suggest on going with the half order option. 5/5Knights in White Satin - I enjoyed this option as well, it is linguine pasta in white whine sauce, lemon juice, heavy cream and white truffle oil with mushrooms and shrimp.  I found the sauce to be a bit watery, but the overall flavor was solid. I am not sure if they skimped on the shrimp or my husband ate it all before we made our plate switch (I suspect the latter) so I can't really comment on the quantity and quality of the shrimp. The half order of this is slightly more expensive than the rest due to more expensive ingredients I'd imagine. 3.5/5The staff is super friendly and accommodating. It was also very refreshing seeing them lug in locally purchased food products and ingredients when the owner came by with a car full of stuff. No Sysco trucks in sight for this little gem. They also offer beer, solid salad options, and dessert. In addition, they deliver and take out is available (possibly preferred due to limited space).Both visits, with tip, cost under $30 for two people. Both times I left full and happy.
3	I came. I saw. I noodled. 3 stars. Overhyped in my opinion. Basically, I could eat noddles just as okay at say, Applebee's.Rock'n'noodles is a cute little spot in the Arts District. Serving up unique noodle dishes, wraps, and excellent baked goods. The place is tiny: two half booth-tables that seat 4 and two high tops that seat two or three. It's maximum capacity can't be more than 15. You go in, graze the menu, order and pay at the counter, and wait for the noodles to rock on out to you.The dishes are cooked fresh to order, so there's a little bit of a wait before your food arrives, but it's a huge portion and it comes steaming and hot.They all have really cute names Nights in White Satin, Sweet Home Alabama, Livin' La Vida Loca, etc.I went with two of my friends and we all ordered something different and we all shared. I was not really impressed. The flavors were okay, but nothing was really bold or stood out. It was good, but it wasn't that great. Nothing I would crave or would have me raving about town about. The menu is layed out funky. Everything is listed under Entrees and my one friend's dish came out as a wrap, so read carefully.I heard the deserts were off the chain, my cupcake was okay, but I've had better (nothing has topped Retro Bakery for me) and my friend ordered a lemon bar. It didn't come out with our food and when he asked for it, they told him that someone had bought them out of them all, the owner was nice enough to replace it with a beer. Overhyped, underwhelmed.
5	I ordered delivery from here and received it a short time after the order was placed. The shrimp noodle dish was piping hot as if it had just been prepared moments before. They don't skimp on the shrimp either! It was a large portion and executed beautifully. The noodles were al dente and the flavors were layered in rich garlic with bits of crushed red pepper. I had enough for two meals, and it was just as delicious when reheated. Can't wait to try more!
4	Rock'N'Noodles is one of the few downtown places that doesn't suck and deserves the 4 1/2 Stars Yelp has them currently rated at. From the outside it doesn't look like much and if you're not paying attention you could drive right past it. Parking? What parking? Good luck with that...but if you do get lucky and find a space step inside to a little spot with 4 tables and a very interesting menu that's packed with some interesting combinations and flavors worth exploring further. I've tried several items on the menu now, and Knights in White Satin is the one item I've ordered more than once. Also I have to recommend the Smells Like Teen Spirit fries...I was like a hungry teenager and left none of them behind. Pricing...this isn't the cheapest lunch in town but I considered it priced right for the quantity and more importantly the quality of what they offer. 4 Stars...it's not overrun by the hordes from Zappos, they offer delivery / call ahead ordering, and it's just a great place to eat downtown.
5	Got takeout. 2 salads & meatball sliders. Everything delicious. We will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu!
3	So I've been wanting to try this place for awhile, and creeped the menu several times that I knew I wanted to try the buffalo solider and the sweet Alabama. I was most looking forward to the buffalo, but ended up liking the Alabama a lot more, it was more savory and just better overall sauce and consistency. Buffalo solider wasn't bad but it wasn't even close to what I expected, tasted a bit artificial. That I got drunk and added mayonnaise to make it more creamy and less artificial tasting, and then it was better. The kid order of the "return of the Mac" was insulting, it was suppose to be served with ground beef and diced bacon, hmmm I think I saw ONE piece in the WHOLE thing, it was otherwise just a cheesy mess. Honestly frustrated by that, don't advertise it as one thing to bring a customer something completely different.  Don't be lazy. They forgot my Coke with the delivery as well. The only reason they're getting 3 stars is because of the sweet Alabama pasta and because the customer service over the phone and with the delivery was awesome, good attitude and timely. But I don't know if I'd order again, which is a Shame because I like what there trying to do with unique pasta dishes but just need to be better executed.
5	This place is amazing. I use yelp reviews a lot, but I hardly ever write one. The level of quality in each of the dishes was great. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. The atmosphere is fun. There are not enough positive adjectives to describe this place, you need to go here.
4	Ordered delivery and the food got to me within 30 minutes! The food was a little expensive but worth the price. I had the buffalo chicken pasta (can't recall the exact name) and the New Orleans pasta (can't recall the exact name)  they were both really good! I would order from here again
5	Ordered the Sweet Home Alabama noodle and Space Oddities fried pickles. Got it delivered free with Postmates app! Perfect way to end a hard workday. Noodles were hot and perfect. Fully cooked through, delicious robust flavors. You must get your fix using Postmates delivery app asap!
5	I have been here three times and can't wait to go back. Each time I have tried something different and I have yet to find something I didn't love. They are great for a quick bite before a show or for to go on the way home afterwork. I love the small local feel and like I said the food is amazing and priced right. I highly recommend the sweet home Alabama and the wrappers delight but honestly you can't go wrong with anything you order. Both my husband and three year old son love this place, for me that's a win!
5	First let me say, I was in a foul mood when I said to myself, "screw it just try this place though way too many hipsters have said they like it." Thank you inner I hate the Ogden voice. This place is so good I'm Probably going to have a restraining order placed on me because I'm going to always be here. I wish I'd made notes of what I had with names but F it. I had some Indian type of noodle dish that I wanted to go sit in a corner all "Girl Interrupted" and just curl up in my chonies with a fork and this stuff. Right now over 24hrs later I'm eating COLD leftover noodles with fried chicken pieces on top. Slap my left nipple cause it's twitching from a tastegasm! This is seriously freaking good. I'm talking spotting a republican congressman in a park bathroom wide stancing good. And oh my gawd Chandler Bing! The fried pickles. Yes. Breaded fried pickles. Hi, I'm going blind cuz I'm touching myself ever since I put the fork in my mouth. The #foodporn is killing me up on this beeyotch! Note: the rock n roll theme is totally authentic. The owner seriously knows his rock, especially the cheesy stuff. I'm loving this joint go support it so I've got a place to get my #snackgasm on!
5	A tad bit hard to find and limited parking but great place! Really nice selection, great food, wonderful friendly service. My entree was way too spicy but really good and upon noticing I didn't finish it, I was offered a replacement. I told them it wasn't necessary and we were heading to a show but they were so nice and insisted on boxing something up for me. I ate it the next day and it was awesome. I will definitely be back!!!
5	Very cool place with album covers as decor and great rock music!  Awesome menu with unique pasta dishes and they have beer and wine.
5	I would recommend the buffalo soldier, sweet home alabama, one night in bangkok and everybody wang chung tonight. They are different yet really good. (make sure you park across the street by the law firms)
4	Went here for lunch one day.  The place had a bit of inconvenient parking and the place was small and full of customers.  I asked where we could sit and the manager set up tables and chairs outside.I got the Buffalo Soldier mac-n-cheese (no bleu cheese) with chicken.  OMG!  It was great!  I didn't have desserts but there was an awesome selection.  I'll definitely be back!!!Greeters - N/AWait staff/counter - 4 Stars (courteous)Food - 5 StarsDessert - N/AAmbiance - 3 Stars (limited seating indoors...no problems today, it was cool outside)Pricing - $ 1/2Overall - 4 Stars
3	Very delicious & lots of awesome varieties & options.  I would suggest calling ahead.  If you plan on hanging out is very small. They took a while because they weren't prepared for the dinner rush,  but it was definitely worth it.  Big portions at very reasonable price & filling.
2	Overrated. The place is very small maybe 4-5 tables. The service was not that good, not personable. The parking is horrendous.  To top it off the food wasnt that great. The sweet home alabama was not what I expected. Not much flavor in the different pasta dishes. Sad!
5	This is my first yelp review even thought i use it all the time.  This place is amazing. Kids loved the bacon Mac.  The devil went down to Georgia was amazing but get a beer to stop the burning on your lips.  My husband highly recommends the Wang Chung tonight.  Love the small atmosphere.  A great escape from "Vegas" lifestyle.
3	I really wanted to like this place but it was disappointing. The dishes I tried were Ray of light and The Devil Went Down to Georgia.  Pasta in the first dish was inconsistent in texture and color, as if some of the noodles had been sitting there longer than others. TDWDTG is supposed to be topped with jumbo shrimp. Did they really mean a single shrimp because I barely got more than one. The sauce was also a little runny and bland, with hardly any depth of flavor except the spiciness of the chipotle sauce. I expected a lot more for 13 bucks. Saving grace was the cream puff. Both the regular one and the chocolate covered are excellent. I will probably be back at some point since there is not much choice around this area. Maybe I didn't pick the right dish, maybe they had a bad day, but certainly the cream puffs are worth another visit.
1	If my clueless 90 year old Yiddish grandma was assigned to open a rock n roll themed "noodle" restaurant, I think it would be exactly like Rock'N'oodles. What is rock n roll? Here anything goes. Same with all their dishes. Anything that has a remote resemblance of the wheat meets water phenomena known as a noodle or pasta will be served here, no matter if the chef can cook it well or not. Never fucking again!
5	When balls of fried chicken have sexual encounter with Mac and Cheese.... They make a beautiful baby. And I am going to eat that baby.
5	Can't talk, eating awesome mac & cheese w/ crispy buffalo chicken. Great service, tiny place so everything is fresh. No room to hoard ingredients. Cool music, and shut up I wanna keep eating now.
5	I was hesitant to write a review for this spot. It's probably because I have a personal relationship with the owners. But I will never write anything false to bolster ratings. Anyways, Brien and Susan are a true inspiration. Lifers in the business with the most passion that you can truly taste it in the food. I am a big meatball fan and love all the dishes at RockN'oodles that incorporate them. The Great Balls of Fire and Asian wings are my two recommends. If you want to support a true mom-n-pop spot that has great food and passion, look no further. Keep on rockin you guys!
3	I really wanted to like it but the food was just okay. I had the carnitas nachos and sweet home alabama. Everything was a disappointment because I had high expectations based on yelp. Maybe I'll give it another try later if I need to carb load.
4	This would be our second trip here, on the last trip we had the chicken Alfredo and the chicken curry.The Alfredo was excellent,  the curry, not so good.The staff were great, a second trip was needed.First off tonight, the cheese and ale soup. OMG, excellent, something reminded me of home, I can't place my finger on what exactly, but a great soup.I went for the Alfredo again, still one of the best in town.The wife had their version of chicken pad thai, OMG, seriously one of the best pad thai's I've ever had, from talking to the owners are putting it on the menu, a great addition.Downside,  it can be a little cramped when it fills up, that's about it.So if you're in the mood for good pasta dishes, try here.
