5	The best Laos and Thai food in town. They have a lot of varietys of food. You can order to go or dine in.
5	For my fellow Laotians looking for authenic food, this place is a must! This is my go-to place when I don't feel like cooking :) I've tried most of the items on the menu and everything has been good so far. I have recommended this place to all my friends and family too!
4	Looking for authentic lao food? Look no furthur this place has it all. Whenever Im craving for larb seen(raw beef larb) tom kueng nai(organ soup) or gang dok mai(bamboo soup) I come to sisters market to get a fixing. I hate that its so far away from my house, but whenever I'm in the downtown area I'll drop by.         From the outside looks like a hole in the market, but don't let that fool you. The food is great and the owner is super cool! During lunch you'll see alot of local asian people dropping by for lunch ordering some mouth watering dish. If you're not into tripe and intestine soup theres regular pho, fried rice and plenty of other rice dishes available. I have a big family, so it could get pretty expensive but it's worth every penny as long as i'm not there everyday haha
4	I love the Lao style pho, I eat it with buk pik and kapi. It's quick and sapppppp. I'm an Isaan girl and this hits the spot.
5	My Lao daughter and my not-Lao-but-knows-Lao-sista and I are going to lunch! My sista says this is her favorite Lao place to eat. I'm SO in. Did someone say PAPAYA SALAD?! So I met them up. Sista had already ordered her tripe soup. I'm not into tripe but I tried the broth and it was tasty. My Lao daughter got the kao biek! It was SO good! She doesn't like veggies so there wasn't any cilantro or green onions in it but the broth was delish and the noodles were nommy too. I put in an order for Nam and Papaya Salad... Is it Lao style? Yes. Do I want crab in it? No thanks. I ordered Medium spice... However she interpreted that, it came out nice and spicy! Made my nose run and crave for more! The papaya salad it served with cabbage on the side - if you want pork rinds, you're in a Lao store and can buy a package. I should have! There are also pieces of that green bean in the papaya salad.. Matua.. However you spell it - it's delish! The Nam came out with cilantro and lettuce leaves on the side and the nam itself was topped with crispy red peppers. Make my nose drip some more! I'm eatin' good! There are little slivers of I think ginger in the Nam too which I dodnt care for much just cuz you know when you get a mouthful of ginger it is rather overpowering and unpleasant. For me anyway.They have quite a bit more food here than your typical Lao store where you can just order a few things or there are some items in the fridge that were previously made. I like it! I will definitely be back to try the Larb Gai and get some more Kao biek. And papaya salad. And nam... =) And some nice man thought my sista was SO fione he bought our lunch! Score! Shoutout to Mike and his mama, Dao! Mike your mom was super nice and knows my Lao sista too! =)))
5	Excellent little Asian market!  They had everything I needed including fresh kaffir lime leaves, Chinese broccoli, fresh wide rice (Pad Si Ew) noodles SO hard to find, galanga, lemongrass, yes!!  The lady at the front was super sweet & helpful giving me tips for storage of leftover ingredients and finding me a vegetarian fish sauce (which was incredible!).  Even though it's on the other side of the city, I'll be back.
4	Delicious and authentic Lao just like at home or visiting Lao friends. Very small location and pretty random by Fremont. But the food was off the hook-hot, fresh, homely, comforting, cheap and so good! We got there and it really looked like a hole in the wall shop.I asked for the khao poon & the owner was so elated she thought I was Lao... I told her, no, unfortunately not, but I know good food!I ordered the papaya salad with blue crab as it was a must!! And it was the BEST papaya salad I've EVER had! And let me say, I make my own and have had really bomb Thai/Lao style and none has beat this one! Not even my Thai relatives and Lao friends' mothers! Their 5/10 star was a burning 8 and I loved it! I love that spice level.Their khao poon was creamy, delicious HEAVEN!Ahh. Im such a sucker for authentic Lao khaopoon. It was on point. Fresh, loved the tender chicken, and it was so savory you didnt need any condiments. I am drooling as I reminisce. Their other Asian products are as authentic as it gets. They have fresh Lao peppers, packaged noodles,  pig's blood, chips, curry, you name it!! Very small location but they're so sweet and friendly. Definitely coming back next time I'm in town again!
5	This is my absolute goto Thai/Lao food in las. The owner is thee friendliest! Their papaya salad is so delicious and it comes with grab, AWESOME! And I always eat it with beef jerky. We also got their udon noodles there. I like that the noodles are thick and sticky! Can't wait to go back already
4	We walked in and I automatically felt like I was at home talking to my mom or aunties. Very sweet lady running the place. They had all the Lao food that you would have at home. We had beef jerky, sticky rice, papaya salad, Nam khao, pho, and khapoon. Honestly wouldn't recommend coming here for the pho or khaopoon but everything else was on point. Oh and we also grabbed some dessert to go. Good kalasong.
3	A lot less groceries than Laos market up the street. The draw might be the ridiculously friendly business owners and the food. Not for those that are afraid of fishy flavors I walked out with the smell of fish sauce still tickling my nostrils.
