5	gets very busy no matter what time a day i go here. but well worth the wait. monthly footlong specials.
5	Yes, it's necessary to review another Subway.  This location makes the best salads and subs and gives the BEST service I've ever had at a Subway.  This location is a little further from my house from the one on Gibson, yet I have learned that it's worth the drive.  The place is clean and the workers are exceptionally accommodating and friendly.  They don't emanate that "I freaking hate my crappy job" vibe that you see at most Subway restaurants.
2	This Subway is where I go when after being bombarded with massive advertising I finally get the stupid idea that a sub might taste good. So typically on a weekend once every month or so I might wander in here and order a small meatball sub for my son, a Spicy Italian for her, and a Chicken Bacon Ranch or Tuscan Chicken for me. It gets bagged up with 3 chocolate chip cookies and out the door I go. Not that much later it's the same result every time. My son will eat almost anything so his sub is gone, but for her and I, we look at each other and say WTF were we thinking? Oh that's right, we weren't thinking. Or we had recited the list of boring food to go options for the 17,000th time: Chinese x6, Thai, crappy pizza, Wendys, Arbys, Sonic, KFC, Toxic Hell..oops I meant Taco Bell, more crappy pizza, Famous Dave's overly SALTED BBQ complete with NASTY "Sauce", uber small portion Panera Bread, "We give surly service and muck up your order" Chipotle, etc and sometimes you just succumb to what's close to the I-515 so you can get in, get out, and choke down some boring food so your stomach will shut up. When you live way out in Hendertucky, it's not like you have a lot of options. All of you Westsiders have so many more options and don't know the hell of wanting good food but it's so far away that by the time you drive back it's ice cold. But it's the price you pay for being close to a 5 star school and having some peace and quiet...and HOA's that are not overly obnoxious and stupid. 2 Stars. 1 Star for the Staff, 1 Star for the Chocolate Chip Cookies. Chocolate makes one forget about the questionable highly processed bulk meat that was just consumed and is a pleasant alternative to just blasting all of their food with Tabasco sauce.
5	Classic subway. Just like every other subway in the country.
5	Friendly staff! Excellent service!
5	I'm a regular here.  The staff is pretty young and they handle themselves well even when it's busy.  They're always hospitable and make the visit pleasant...add that to good sandwiches and this location is a winner!  Nice job.
2	I appreciate subway trying to get in the 24hr Vegas lifestyle but this would require not using old bread that's obviously sat out since the morning to be successful. I went in around 9pm because I had a long day and was starving but didn't want the weigh me down fast food right before bed. I regret every penny spent there. The bread was dry and fell apart immediately after I picked it up. It was literally hard to swallow. I ended up dissecting it and just eating the inside about 1/2 way through. It had almost no flavor at all and I got the works. I'm giving two stars because of the nice gentleman who has to sit in an empty restaurant all night because no one wants to eat there except for lunch. I felt bad for him. I'm pretty much done with subway. I'll spend the extra $2 for a nice capriottis sub next time and enjoy it.
1	When I go the meat is always frozen which tells me nothing is fresh, disgusting.. I will never go back to another subway. It's not just this location it's been many.
5	I didn't even know this was here. Really nice employees very energetic and polite. Fast service have a good amount of toppings not cheap on it like some subways
