4	When Jurgen's review of Pig in a Poke came up on my feed I immediately thought, I'm having some of that! And I did. Lunchtime came and off I popped to Rose Street, conveniently only a few minutes walk from my work place, and sought out some delicious pulled pork.And did it live up to the first, glowing review? Yes, I'd say it did. It's cheaper than Oink, although the portion size was a little smaller. This isn't necessarily a bad thing though, as the Oink rolls can be a struggle to finish. The pork itself is very good (maybe not *as* good as Oink's, but still pretty tasty) and as Jurgen says in his review there's a wider selection of condiments to go with your pork. Today there was apple sauce, bbq sauce and coleslaw. I'm a coleslaw fiend so I couldn't see beyond that, and it was a good choice as the slightly tangy, crunchy slaw complimented the soft, yielding pork very well. There's also a choice of breads - a white roll, a crusty wholemeal and a flour wrap if that's your thing.My only criticism would be that the serving of coleslaw was a bit mean, as was the crackling I was given. That and I feared for my teeth when eating the crackling.Pig in a Poke very nearly gets 5 stars, and in many respects surpasses its main rival. But not quite. It is however, great value for money and close to my work (something that neither of the Oinks are) so I can foresee this becoming a regular lunchtime treat!
4	Not sure what " Pig in a Poke " means but I will tell you I ate it like a pig eating slop! It was really really good and I was happy like a pig in the mud. Haha ok enough with the pig puns and such , this place was really good. I happened to trot on by the other day and went on in. The place is in a very good location to get the tourists and the locals such as myself. Well it was feeding time for me so I decided to get some porker in a tortilla role with the BBQ sauce and some crackling . For the price I was impressed, it was cheaper then what I usually pay and the BBQ sauce was not bad at all. The gentleman and lady who served me were very polite and cheerful. They asked me where I was from, so I went through my routine, I am from Seattle Yadda Yadda Yadda, and who would a thought the gentleman said his boss called up and told him that if your Canadian or American you got a free size upgrade since it was Thanksgiving! ( Didn't know Canada celebrated Thanksgiving) So that was very nice of them and made my day. Pork itself was nice and tender perfectly well balanced moister, not to wet but not to dry reminded me of mexican carnitas  that use a similar style of pork.  I will be back again for feeding time and have my " Pig in a poke" .
