4	The long walk from the parking garage is irritating, but the spectacular new building brightened my spirits. The plush chairs in the waiting area and the intro movie with my favorite newscasters (Kim and Dana Wagner!!) helped ease my anger over Ms head-to-toe Ed Hardy who couldn't figure out how to mute her cell phone game, and Mr douche who wanted to be my new best friend sitting next to me. Then the day got even better (or so I thought), they needed 2 juries, so the other 50 or so of us weren't needed. Then the announcement that we would all have to sit in the waiting room until judges called saying they were completely finished choosing those 2 said juries came... my heart sank. The reserve jury?!??! I don't get to go home, I don't get to go into a courtroom and answer cool questions - damnit this was the worst of both worlds. At 4:30 our jury waiting room host FINALLY called the judges and they dismissed us. Could she have called at 2 or 2:30 to get this information?  Probably, but what's another 2 hours for these 50 poor schmucks on the reserve jury. Despite my anger about being on the "reserve jury", the overall experience wasn't all that bad. For jury duty, it is what it is. PS - they use the NV Energy database for calling potential jurors. Don't think you're safe from jury duty if you don't have a Nevada license. If you have power you're on the list! :)
3	At 36 I finally got my very first Jury summons. I say finally because I have actually been looking forward to witnessing the justice system up close. My employer pays us 100% pay while on Jury duty, so even more of a reason to go! It is a long walk from the designated parking garage, especially in the 100+ degree temps. Going through security was equally as much fun. Ladies, If you tend to be a pack rat with your purse, change purses before you go! My purse and its entire contents were pulled out on display for everyone to see. The security guard stated that since my purse was packed so tight the xray machines couldn't see enough of the contents. The room was easy enough to find and the clerk was very patient and informative with the huge crowd. I ended up in a group of 98 that had to fill out a questionnaire. It took me about 30 minutes to do so and I was able to leave at around noon. The amenities inside the building seemed promising. I bought a pretty decent white mocha from the coffee shop and I saw that there was a Capriottis too.
