2	If you have estate changes, good luck.  Their forms are ridiculously long and take a lot of time to figure out.   Customer service is only available by calling 800 number, so good luck with the long wait times and multiple call backs required to finish paperwork.   Ughhh!
4	Vanguard has been at the forefront of the low cost/ low management fee mutual fund movement started by John Bogle some forty plus years ago. Bogle's philosophy was based in part on the concepts put forth by the University of Chicago Nobel economist Harry Markowitz. It stated that the stock market was truly efficient, and therefore impossible to outperform through stock selection.  Instead, Vanguard offers an Index approach to overcome this conundrum.Today, the equity markets have embraced the Index fund movement.  No longer is Vanguard just Index'er, but have grown to include ETFs and annuities as well.  Though headquartered back east in Pennsylvania, their Scottsdale complex is huge.  I've found it equally impressive driving past there at 6 am and seeing the entire parking lot full.As Harry Markowitz proved, it is was impossible to outperform the market by timing your purchases of stocks, so consider an index instead. Yes, I am a fan.http://www.nobelprize.org/nobel_prizes/economics/laureates/1990/markowitz-lecture.html
5	Vanguard is one of the finest financial companies that my husband and I have ever dealt with.  We were with several large institutions over the past 45 years and were introduced to Vanguard through family in North Carolina.  Helpful, professional, friendly, and knowledgeable, Vanguard has gone above and beyond in assisting us with our financial planning and with our sisters estate when she passed away in February 2014.  It was a comfort to know Vanguard followed up and made some very useful suggestions during this difficult time.  Please note the 5 Star rating and my compliments to a company who makes you feel more like family than a customer/client.  Thanks Vanguard, we appreciate all your efforts over the past 4 years on our behalf.  You are - "Woohoo!  About as good as it gets!   Rita R.
