5	This is the best Chinese food you'll have anywhere in your life.  It's pricey, but fantastic....and they have a great wine selection.
2	We had  high expectations, but were we disappointed by the service at this restaurant. Our appetizers came luke warm, but we did not complain. Our water glasses were never refilled, and the dirty dishes stayed on the table for the longest time. But when our entrees arrived ice cold, we did speak up. Our food was removed and reheated, but again the dirty dishes remained on the table. Not once did the waiter or hostess or manager ask how our evening was going. The service was awful, and the manager refused to come and talk with us.  For better service, food and prices go to Mr. MA around the corner.
2	I find the service to be poor. Waiters were not helpful, and hardly attentive. Service was slow. They also did not have the usual practice of bringing up the dishes one course at a time. Instead, all dishes were served together, and piled onto one plate. Sauces mixed together and you lose the enjoyment of tasting each dish purely. I will not go back nor ever bring my business guests there again.
4	Located in downtown, because the great location, may cost a lot. 4 person spent $ 50 each! No parking as well! Spent another $10 for that!
3	I'm a bit torn rating this place as I would have given them 5 stars based on our first visit. My husband and I were dining out and everything was perfect from service to food.Because of the great experience, we thought we'd take the family out during Father's Day. This turned out to be a bit of a nightmare. I don't know if the chefs changed completely or there's a different chef on different evenings of the week, but the food was not great. It was just mediocre. On top of that, the service was way off. There were 7 of us that evening and they couldn't remember what each person had. Unlike the first time where they delicately placed the food and settings in front of you, there was a lot of "clanging". It took forever to get the server's attention and to get our bill.My in-laws' were not impressed. We understand the experience would be expensive considering they are located in the Windsor, but everything else should be top notch or else what would differentiate it from any other Chinese restaurant where it's a fraction of the cost.My husband and I would like to give it another chance, but not sure when.
