4	My dog is cuter than your dog. Seriously, there is no argument you can make to the contrary. He is simply the cutest dog in existence. Because of this, Buckley deserves the very best, so I constantly have my eye out for new shops to spoil him at. Today I came across Petique while waiting for my computer at the Apple store.The deal is, The Biltmore donated the shop space to the Humane society.  The Humane Society in turn created a really cute little retail shop and adoption center. If you have a small dog whom you enjoy carting around please check out the carriers here. They are some of the coolest I have seen in awhile (especially the sugar skull decorated one). I picked up a toy, some treats and poopy bags. The poopy bads are especially of note as they are decorated in a skull and cross bone pattern to let others know "Don't eff with me while I am cleaning up my dog's poo".They also had three or four dogs and a wall full of cats for adoption. The people were knowledgeable on the behavior of the dogs and when I inquired were able to tell me which they felt would and wouldn't be a good fit for the person I was inquiring for. They do not have the biggest selection of products but what they do have is great and TAX FREE. Yup non-profits can do that. I'll be back to treat my pound puppy quite a bit I'd imagine.
4	Improving the lives of animals since 1957...I've been a huge fan of supporting the Humane Society since I was a little girl in Michigan.  And the Arizona Humane Society is no exception!I've been to the big Dobbins Road location, and just yesterday, I stopped by the newest location, the Arizona Humane Society Petique at the Biltmore Fashion Park.  They opened their doors in mid-November 2009, and since then, they've adopted out over 340 animals.  Isn't that amazing?So, while I'm not sure that we're in the market to get Minnie a sibling just yet, I do enjoy looking... and this petique not only has dogs and cats, but they have all kinds of fun things for your pets as well.  They have super friendly employees too.Whether you're in the market to adopt a new family member or you're just browsing, go check this place out!  Oh, and since the Biltmore Fashion Park is dog-friendly, bring your pup along too!
5	thoroughly impressed with the knowledge of the volunteers, the amazing animals and wide selection of products available. almost adopted either a pitbull pup named Andy and the older dalmation/bulldog mis Alice!
5	This is the best pet store in the valley....they have everything .....and all proceeds go to the Humane Society! While you're there....take a look at the cute cats and dogs and sometimes....bunnies that are up for adoption. You could be walking away with a best friend!
5	Petique is a gem tucked at the end of the Biltmore Fashion Square. Great pet store for unique pet toys and beds that you can't find at your big box pet chains. Petique offers numerous local products which is always a plus. That is only a small part of what makes this place so amazing. The pet adoptions is what this store is all about. I can't tell you how many times we have been at this store and a dog, cat or even rabbit is given a second chance with the help of AHS (Arizona Humane Society). Thanks again AHS for everything you do to help our furry friends. Great store that is so much more.
5	An Arizona Humane Society satellite location located in a dog friendly out door mall, and a beautiful one at that.  This is a wonderful addition to the Biltmore.  The staff is knowledgeable and friendly, they have all types of pet goodies and feature local businesses and artist of pet products which is just another plus about this store!  The best thing is they have kitties, pups, bunnies up for adoption so it's great way to raise awareness, funds and forever homes for these furry friends.  One more quick thought - prices are less expensive on some products I've seen at big box pet stores which is pretty amazing since it's not usually that way with smaller independent stores.  Plus, they have a members system that allows you to get a small discount on items so save money and help a great cause.
5	A Humane Society store at the Biltmore?  Interesting.  I had seen an adorable chihuahua mix at the Humane Society's webpage, and headed over to check out the little dog and the store.  They sell a variety of toys, treats, leashes, collars, and foods- in short, they sell a little bit of everything.  There's no tax, and if you adopt a pet from them they will give you 10% off the price as a thank you.  When I went there were 4 dogs up for adoption, a rabbit, and a wall of cats.  The little chihuahua mix was hanging out in the store with another little dog, so we got to play with them for a little bit.  The staff were friendly, and weren't pushy or hovering.  In the end, we did end up adopting that little chihuahua mix from here.  He's the sweetest little dog ever.  Thank you Petique!
5	I love that the Arizona Humane Society has an offsite location here. They have two main shelter locations and then Petique. Petique has great gifts to give for pet lovers and amazing animals up for adoption. Normally a few dogs, cats and sometimes a rabbit or smaller critter available. The bonus is that Biltmore is a pet friendly mall, so you will see the adoptable dogs taking their walks around the mall. If you adopt from there, you get a 10% off any purchases going forward. It is tax free and helps other animals in need. A nice selection of collars and gifts. I do wish they offered more cat items though. Stick to PetSmart like retailer thought for your pet food, this is more of a boutique for gifts etc.Friendly staff and volunteers make this store a wonderful experience. Be sure to check it out!
4	Really cute adoption center! At first glance, when you walk in, it looks like a pet store. But then you walk to the back and there are various animals to pet and for adoption: rabbits, cats, and dogs. The retail items are varied and numerous offering up pet clothes, treats, toys, pet carriers, etc. I love coming in here myself or with my daughter. Who doesn't love seeing cute and cuddly animals? The only downside is not being able to adopt them all. :(
5	My husband surprised me with the promise of a new kitten for Christmas.  I looked at several online sites for adoption, saw a beautiful kitten on the AZ Humane Society website, and her description made me think she would be a good fit for our family.  She was located at the Petique site in the Biltmore.  We had the best experience!  The kitten was there with her description of her " purrsonality", and the volunteers were so friendly and very helpful.  They let us play with her and get to know her in a private room.  When we decided to adopt her, they made the process so easy, and seemed so genuinely happy that we were adopting her.  Thanks to all the wonderful volunteers and staff, and a big thank you to the kitty Shakira ( now named Slinky or Lil' Bit) foster mom who nursed her back to health after a kitty cold made her unadoptable!  I recommend this site wholeheartedly, wonderful experience!  We now have a great  kitten addition to our family who came to us socialized, spayed and healthy, and we and our two dogs are in love with her.
5	This store sells a nice selection of toys, treats, collars, leashes and many other things - tax free.  There are shelter dogs to adopt in the store as well as many cats and one rabbit. The store is clean, the staff is pleasant and most importantly the animals look happy and healthy while they await their new homes. They have adopted out over 300 animals since 2009 - that's amazing! No puppy mills! Really a nice place to go, buy something and show your support.
5	They do a great job!! I adopted two cats and they are my two babies. All money donated is for a good cause.
5	I just started to volunteer here and am so impressed. The employees and volunteers are really dedicated to helping the pets. There's a real focus on cleanliness, sanitation and taking care of the pets. It's super, super clean. The team gets to really know the pets, the personalities, any special needs and try to make a great match for the pet and family.  If you don't want to adopt a pet, there are lots of cool items to purchase and pet food. Plus taking a stroll through a pet store to see rabbits, kittens, and dogs is always fun.
