5	I live in Wisconsin and own several rental homes in Scottsdale. That means from time to time I need to have things repaired. A built-in BBQ is one of the last things that I thought I'd need to spend money on. And who do you call? My tenant was kind enough to get a quote from her "favorite" place that does grill repairs, but I decided to at least get a second opinion.So I searched online for bbq repair service in Scottsdale. Up popped BBQ Cleaning Guru. With a name like that, and a load of before-after photos on their site, I gave them a call. I worked with Ed, who sounds like a regular old hard-working American running his own business. He went out to the home, took photos, gave me  a quote the next day and followed up on the phone. Yeah, on the phone. Sold. He went and picked up the grill, fixed it, cleaned it and delivered, installed and tested it a week later.My tenant actually called to say it looked like new and works perfect. The Guru is the type of business that does what they say, within quote and on time. I'd call that cooked to perfection!
5	I called today to schedule repair for my grill.  He was honest enough to talk me out of repairing the old grill.
5	As a Realtor, I am routinely the trusted source for a variety of service provider recommendations to my clients. I count on the vendors I recommend to exemplify professionalism, good workmanship and fair pricing. Ed and the team at BBQ Cleaning Guru provided fast, efficient service. From pick up to delivery, the process was flawless. Ed carries great knowledge of nearly every grill system available, and was detailed in noting a few repair items that were needed. An outdoor system of nearly 8 years age, there are bound to be a few items that wear over time. The cost to clean and repair the system was less than 1/4 the expense of a new system. Ed and his team were extremely clean in the removal of the system, and didn't leave a speck of dirt/debris as they removed the system to their truck. As promised, the system was returned repaired and looking BRAND NEW!. I couldn't believe the transformation, and the re-installation was perfect. Not a fingerprint or speck of dirt left behind. I was impressed with the detail in which the unit was cleaned, and their use of many non toxic chemicals as many others use. No chemical residue of any kind left behind.  BBQ Cleaning Guru has earned my business (and my recommendation) going forward without further qualification. Excellent pricing, uncompromised service, and an amazing job well done. I stake my reputation on working with businesses that mirror my service level and Ed and BBQ Cleaning Guru met (and exceeded) the challenge. A big THANK YOU to Ed. Yelpers, you will not be disappointed.
5	My husband is an avid BBQer.  We just moved to Scottsdale with our Grand Turbo cart bbq.  It was in deep need of repair and refurbishing.  The "guru" replaced burners and igniters, repaired valves, and cleaned up years of use.  Now, it's like having a brand new grill.  Thank you, Guru, for your great customer service -- always timely and reliable.
5	Just got my grill back today, looks like new. Kept their time schedule, gave me some info I didn't know and really did an excellent job..... nice guy also. Thanks Ed
5	I found the BBQ Cleaning Guru online.  The service was great.  Communication was friendly and prompt.  They did the job exactly as they described.  He picked up my grill exactly at the scheduled time on a Monday  and delivered my grill back to my home clean and working like new that Friday.  No problems, no hassles and price as quoted.
5	I contacted the BBQ Cleaning Guru since I had a 12 year old Vermont Castings grill that badly needed a tune up.  Initially I was surprised when I learned that the cost to restore my grill was just under $500 since I figured I could buy a new one for less.After doing some research to get a grill comperable to the calliber of mine would have cost me $800-$1200 so I decided it was worth restoring.I'm not usually handy, however, am always up for an adventure so decided to tune up my grill myself.  I ran into multiple problems and the owner of the BBQ Guru was very helpful on two seperate occasions when I called even though he knew it was likely that I would not need his services.  He was detailed and responsive which is the exact opposite of how his competitor "The Barbecue Doctor" behaved when I called.  It took me almost three weeks to complete my grill since every time I got to a different stage I realized that I needed a different part or the one I ordered wasn't an exact fit.  However, I did successfully get everything done after spending at least 10-12 hours in all working on it.Once done, while I thought I did everything correct, I was a little nervous that if I hadn't I'd blow myself up upon ignition so I called the BBQ Cleaning Guru to inspect my work. He came out shortly thereafter and gave me a B+ if i was his employee, however, an A- for a clueless guy who had never done anything like this before.  Again he was prompt, very nice, detailed, and clearly cares about doing a good job.  He ever gave me a free can of his cleaner which I thought was generous since my inspection was a small job.In retrospect it would have been worth paying him $500 to do the full restoration since I spent close to $200 on parts alone.  Not only is my time worth more than that... he would have done a superior job than what I was capable of.
1	I submitted an online contact form over a week ago.  A guy named Ed called me back promptly and left me a voicemail telling me to call him back and give him some details about my nasty dirty grill.  I called back and left the details on their voicemail and have yet to hear back from them.  It has been over a week.  I guess my grill isn't fancy enough to be worth a call back saying I probably couldn't afford their services :-(
5	My husband and purchased our home last year, which came with a beautiful Vermont Castings built-in grill. The problem was that it wouldn't work and we couldn't figure out whether we should just purchase a new one or try to get this one fixed. We decided to call this place. It was one of the best decisions we have ever made. Ed, the owner, is the only person who I ever spoke with on the phone. He answered or called me back within a few hours each time I called. Great customer service.He came to pick up our grill on a Monday and dropped it off that Friday in PRISTINE condition. Before he left he fired it up a few times just to make sure everything worked properly. Then Ed went above and beyond by fixing a few loose stones on the built-in itself. We didn't know how to repair them, so he quickly went out to his truck and cemented them back on.You can't ask for better, more honest service than this. You'd be making a huge mistake by throwing away, selling, etc. your perfectly good grill. Call Ed. He's amazing.
5	If you have a higher end grill that is basically in decent shape, definitely consider calling The BBQ Guru before purchasing a new one. My Fire Magic needed new internal guts, a couple of new knobs and general clean up. Picked up Monday morning and returned Friday morning looking like new. Not a cheap service but definitely worth every penny since replacement cost for a similar grill would have been 3-4 times more than paid. The owner took the time to explain everything that would be done and followed through on what he said.
