3	I was sent to this location from the rude one down the street. The guy quoted me and sent me on my way. They wouldn't use the roadside warranty I had on the tires because they were too warn! That shouldn't have mattered! They were not down the the wear bar! But the manager said he would break me a good deal when I came back in this week to get the other 2 tires done!! So we shall see. They did get it done in a reasonable amount of time for how busy they were.
4	I have to say, I am always a little weary going into major chains in general, but after speaking to a co-worker (who praised their good customer service, efficiency, and "solid knowledge", I simply had to go - ...and given that my mechanic told me that my "tires need to be replaced sooner than later", I took a Monday afternoon trip to the closest Discount store, and YES...AWESOME to all the above!Brandon the manager gave me a few recommendations and an honest yet disapproving look when I told him that I wanted RunFlats on my 15in tires for my MINI...He pulled me aside, confirmed his doubts on the computer (MINI owners, if you have 16in, you are all set) and gave me a listing of his recommendations. He was quick, detailed, and thorough in explaining all the options, and not rude because I'm a girl, patient (with all of my girl questions) and did I mention 'not rude because i'm a girl'? So I researched the company and warranty details and went back the next afternoon (today) and was all set to go within 40 minutes - now that is what I call great service! I even got a sweet-a$$ deal - paid just barely under $500 for 4 tires. On top of it they offer lifetime everything - you just have to be a caring car owner and bring her in every 6-8000 miles...which you should be doing anyways!~i like.
5	I love it here. They are fast, efficient, and the customer service is always wonderful. That people that work here are great, really. I will need new tires soon and plan on getting them at this specific Discount Tire.
5	General Manager Scott Petello is a good egg!!! Not to go into detail, but let me assure you if you have any issues (albeit rare) speak with Scott and treat the guy with some respect as you state your case and I'd be surprised if you don't walk out totally satisfied as I just did. Like I always say..... "Mistakes are inevitable, it's how we recover from them that is important"!!!Thanks to Scott and his awesome staff. You've got a customer for life!! .......... :^)
5	Every employee at the store located at 1357 South Power RoadMesa, AZ 85206 is SO friendly and knowledgable, and they always ensure that my MINI gets in and out, quickly. If ever there is a delay/line, they give an honest wait-estimate. I appreciate their honesty, no one belittles me because I am a woman - these guys are AWESOME! This last time, I went for my monthly air check, and they offered to rotate my tires - they checked in the system and it turns out that I was due... 30 minutes later my car felt 100% better! I bought my tires at this location back in 2010 and have ONLY gone to this store for my monthly follow-up...would not have it any other way! Thanks guys!!!
5	When you wake up on a Monday morning in a really bad mood because you are on your way to work and have a flat, anyone that can make that expereince painless and pleasant is well deserving of 5 stars!!!! This location is always fast, efficient, friendly, and reasonable. Once you buy tires from them they always do basic flat fixes for free. They also rotate and inspect for free. They get you in and out and are very friendly and a pleasure to work with.
4	I have used Discount tire for more years than I like to mention. They take care of my wife and I ... and will match everyones deals including online like TireRack. Sales people are sales people so I make sure I do my homework first to pick the tire I want... But Like always when I need tire service this is where I go ... so just do your homework first.
5	They fix flats for free regardless if you bought a tire from them. Their service is quick and their customer service is top of the line. They were very helpful! Unfortunately my flat was beyond fixing, but they had the exact same tire in stock and sold it to me for a reasonable price compared to what i saw online.
2	The employees are friendly and seem knowledgable but 2 hours to get a flat fixed is unacceptable. I will be taking my business elsewhere from now on.
5	Great customer service. They always treat you like they know you or at least remember who you are when you walk in. They'll beat anyone's advertised price and do it with a smile. They take appointments, which is a bonus. Mornings and weekends are usually super busy, especially during snowbird season.
5	Very impressed with this location. Made an appt for 8:45 on a Saturday morning.  Walked in on time and the lounge was already packed with customers.  Every employee who passed by me acknowledged me, thanked me for coming in, and let me know someone would be with me shortly.  It was only 5 minutes before it was my turn. Chris helped me and made sure I got a great value tire put on my vehicle ( not cheap, but a good tire for the price). My car was then pulled into the shop to install my tires.  It was like watching a ballet as several employees worked in unison to complete my tire replacement.I was out the door at 9:30, as they pulled up my car and again I was thanked for coming in.  I was so impressed I immediately went to a Krispy Kreme doughnut shop just down the road and bought the guys some doughnuts and took them them back to them.  Just my way of saying thank you!
5	My son's tire blew out on the freeway 9/5/14 about 5:45pm. By the time I called Discount Tire it was 6pm on the dot. Discount tire was closed for the day, finishing up their day. I spoke to Michael on the phone who was polite, and helped is out. By the time we got to discount tire it was 6:30. All the employees were fantastic and we nice enough to help us out. We walked out with 4 brand new tires at a very reasonable and affordable price. They went out of their way and after hours to make sure my sons car was safe to drive and never once complained that it was after hours. These guys rock!!!' I will definitely be back for our next set of tires. Thank you Discount Tire for phenomenal service!
5	Just want to say thanks to Scott and all the guys that work there. Their  service is outstanding my car drives straight as an arrow again if you're buying tires there is no need to look anywhere else they always stand behind their product 100% they always tell you it'll be an hour and it usually only takes about 30 minutes job well done thanks guys
5	Matt was great.  Super fast and friendly service. Cheaper than Big O. Definitely recommend them.
5	Can't say enough about Discount Tire. They are always so respectful and never talk down to me because I'm a girl. They explain everything and are always so helpful. I came in for a blown tire and I was so worried about the cost of replacement. I found out the tire I had was discontinued and was worried the cost of getting a different one. Mark was so kind he told me I was covered and that he would waive the fee for the new tire. I was so thankful. I have always had such good experiences with this company. The prices are reasonable and the customer service is always on point. Highly recommend!!
