3	In my ongoing quest to find the best green papaya salad in Madison, I found this place by happenstance through a State Journal article on local ethnic grocery stores. The article mentioned that while the front of the store was a southeast Asian market, there was also a small deli in the back with a number of reasonably priced specialty foods. I headed over there the other day to see how it fared compared to similar restaurants in the Madison area. While some items were a miss, others were a delicious reason to return for more.I was greeted upon entering the store, and headed straight for the back. While there was nobody behind the counter for the first minute or two, I realized I was the only white person there, which my Vietnamese friends tell me is a good sign of quality Vietnamese food (and, frankly, I'm inclined to agree). Soon enough, a sweet older woman showed up and took my order. While some items were ready to go, others she made from scratch on the spot. Although it took longer than I was expecting from a deli experience, it was worth the wait. I ordered one pork sausage ($3), an order of pho (sm - $5.95, lg - $6.95) (my favorite metric of good Vietnamese food is pho broth), two stuffed chicken wings ($2 ea.), beef laab ($5), and - of course - the green papaya salad ($5). All in all, it took approximately 20-30 minutes for her to make and pack up all of my food, but it was packed well and no spills occurred on the way home. If you do want to eat there, a few tables and chairs are set up near a TV next to the deli counter.The pork sausage smelled amazing the entire way home, so it was the first thing I tried. It did not disappoint. While a bit greasy (which is kind of unavoidable with pork sausage), it was flavorful and delicious. The stuffed chicken wings, one of their most popular items due to their labor-intensive nature (de-boning a chicken wing while keeping the skin intact is not for the impatient), were phenomenal. They had been sitting in a hot case, which made me worried that they'd dry out. I needn't have worried, as the extra fat in the skin kept the filling most and delicious. The skin was crispy and perfectly golden-brown, and crackled as I bit into it. The filling - which appeared to be vermicelli noodles with chives - perfectly complemented the tender chicken meat. I could probably eat a thousand of these after a few beers, and highly recommend them for any football party. The laab was a bit salty, and the apparently-raw onions overwhelmed the other flavors, so I don't see myself ordering it again, although I can see how others would like it. I'd recommend ordering a side of sticky rice with it, though, because it's *very* strongly-flavored. The pho broth was a bit more heavy on the cinnamon/anise flavors than I usually like, but the helping was generous. The woman had packed the broth separately from the meat, noodles, bean sprouts, cilantro, and basil, so when I combined them at home it tasted just as fresh as it would have in a restaurant. This was a smart idea on her part. The green papaya salad, while better than others I've had, was lacking some sweetness and acidity to balance out the fish sauce. If I order it again, I'll make sure to have some pineapple chunks on hand to make it taste better.All in all, there were some hits and some misses, but everything was reasonably-priced and the service was warm and efficient. I'll definitely be returning for more of those phenomenal stuffed chicken wings and sausage.
4	Pros- Items are reasonably priced- The service and workers are nice - The deli in the back offers great Hmong food such as Hmong sausage, tilapia, laab, stuffed chicken wing, papaya, roast pork, sticky rice, pho, tournament style chicken, and bubble tea all without the tournament pricing.  - accepts debit/credit cards- offers your traditional Hmong bakery sweetsCons- small aisles- lack of variety of items, although I'm sure they stock most of your typical ingredients- small store footprint- lack of variety of asian fruits/veggies- Seems to be just 1 lady making the deli food so be prepared to wait unless you call ahead.I would recommend this place if you're hungry and/or need some Hmong or Asian ingredients.  The major thing that separates this from other Asian stores is the wonderful deli in the back, otherwise don't expect to be blown away.
4	As an Asian market, it's a little bit lacking as the aisle are dimly lit and I find it hard to find things in here.  BUT, there's a deli in the back.  Though I've driven by this place many times, I've never thought to stop in.  What separates this Asian market from the other ones?!  It wasn't until my friend took me here that I discovered their deli.  In the last year or so I've developed a taste for Hmong food, and the deli is a great place to find some purple sticky rice, Hmong sausage, stuffed chicken wing, pho, roast pork, laab, papaya salad, and egg rolls.  All very reasonably priced.  I really like the sausage with some hot sauce and sticky rice.  Every time I'm here, there are only two people working - an old couple.  The woman usually mans the deli in the back though her husband comes back and helps out when it gets busy.  This means that sometimes you'll have to wait a bit if you're trying to pay at the register up front.  They accept credit and debit card as well.
3	I stumbled across Madison Oriental Market while scouting out potential lunch spots on Madison's South side.  Unsuccessful in my attempt to locate the now defunct Jonny Thumbs Sub Station across the street, I decided to throw caution to the wind and try my luck at the deli window in the back of this Asian food store.The interior of the store is dark - not much natural light filters to the back of the store and most of the ceiling lights were set on low, giving the back of the store a cave-like appearance.  The aisles are narrow, but packed with a wide array of Asian food products.  I made a mental note that I need to further explore the noodle aisle, which tempted me with a cornucopia of noodles of every permutation of shape, size and ingredient.The deli counter sits in the back of the store.  For those wishing to dine in, there are a couple of tables near the serving window, accompanied with the usual Asian condiments.  A pair of young families occupied those tables during my visit, enjoying their large bowls of steaming pho.Madison Oriental Market is truly a mom & pop operation.  Pop is in the front of the store, staffing the cash register, while mom is in the back prepping, serving and packaging the food.  As mentioned in the other reviews, you will need the patience of Job to order and receive your food.  While exceedingly friendly, the woman working the deli window works at a steady but deliberate pace.  If the person in front of you is picking up a large and / or complicated order, the wait will be lengthy.I ultimately decided on the Hmong sausage with a papaya bubble tea to wash it down.  Running late because of the long wait time to order, I took my food to go.  As much as I wanted to like the sausage, it quickly took on the moniker of "Frankenweiner" as I attempted to gnaw through its tough exterior.  While there was a small pool of grease in the bottom of my to-go container, the sausage was very and chewy.  The coarsely ground interior had large pellets of chewy fat and overall, it tasted like an over-salted ham.  The time under the heat lamp in the display had sadly relegated this sausage to convenience store roller dog status.I'm happy to report that I enjoyed my papaya bubble tea, which was the perfect elixir to sooth my sore throat.  While the day-glo orange hue would be bold even for food court Orange Julius standards, I thoroughly enjoyed this slightly sweet concoction and for $3, it was a great value to boot.Despite the epic fail with the sausage, I plan return to sample some of the other dishes in the deli.  The whole roast chickens (just $4.50!), the stuffed chicken wings ($2), the ribs (price varies based on size) all beckon me from their place in the display case as well as the aforementioned pho.
