5	This new restaurant is in the lobby of the Arizona Grand Resort and initially I wasn't sure what to expect from the name.The atmosphere was great, with a beautiful view of the golf course's first tee.  Great patio for cooler weather.My first trip I sampled the rib-eye.  I was blown away.  It had this wonderful smoky flavor to it that I hadn't had before.  Cooked to perfection and served with a bulb of roasted garlic. Yum.  One of the best steaks that I have ever had.I went back for lunch with a friend a few weeks later.  We got these great little wonton chips and dip brought to our table that were quite tasty.  We both had the cream of mushroom soup to start that had a great texture and flavor.  Not too heavy on the cream.  Then we both ordered a pizza.  I got the filet with blue cheese and he got the BLT pizza.  When the pizzas arrived I was surprised to see that they were HUGE.  We easily could have split one and still had leftovers.  Got to swap slices and both were excellent.This would be a great place to take out of towners for a a beautiful dining experience or a great date.  I will definitely go back again.
4	09/02/10I've dined a few times at Arizona Grand's restaurants, many of them now gone (Latitude 30 and The Phantom Horse Grill).  The Lobby Grill is a smaller version of TPHG- same furnishings, different location.  I'd have eaten here earlier if I could've found it-- just follow the signs until it seems you've gone too far, and you're almost there!  Don't worry about finding parking spaces-- it may look like a long walk, but it's really just around the corner, down the "hill."  There was a little confusion as it seemed that the main dining room was closed and seating was only at the bar, but the host was nice enough to let us sit at a booth; This was a relief, as it looked cold and dark inside the bar, and warm and bright inside the main room.  Service was a bit slow, despite the facts that there was only a family of three (one was a toddler) seated before us, and I'd already perused through the menu online-- I knew what I wanted to try!  (Oh, how I'd rejoice when the day comes where I can place my order online so that it would be ready to serve when I am seated!)We ordered the Filet bleu cheese pizza and the Reinvented Waldorf salad.  This order took awhile (35-40 minutes!) to arrive, so it would be in your best interests to bring something to read if you're dining alone, or if the members of your group aren't into small talk.  Thankfully, there's a gift shop across the hall!  As far as resort gift shops go, this isn't shabby at all.  It even carries Brighton jewelry!  Be warned, their inventory doesn't carry the newer items you'll find at the mall.  But I'm not here to talk about silver watches...I included the prices of our entrees and they were a bit high, but when my Mom is willing to overlook the higher costs to have another slice of that wonderful pizza, w/ such tender chunks of filet and pungent bleu cheese (we ate all but a small slice, which I took home and ate for dinner that evening!), or the terrific salad (the candied walnuts were addictive!), then I know I've found a winner of a dining venue!We'll be back very soon!
4	Raspberry Cream - not too sweet, lovely little cup on the side - oh the love I have, and yet the hate of my thighs - not that it matters on Vacation - but even if you don't have French Toast - ask for some for your pancakes or to add to one of the gooey goodness of cinnamon rolls on the buffett...I am a carb loving chick - so when you bring me my own cute little loaf of toast and then 3 fresh made jams - I'm gonna follow you anywhere - and then have indoor/outdoor seating and a breakfast buffet on a weekday - honey, I think we are headed to the chapel!
1	The Lobby Grill is incredibly overpriced and the food isn't close to as good as it ought to be for the prices they charge.  Our server who waited on us was was very friendly but we were right next to the server station so when she would leave our table we had the "pleasure" of hearing her and the other servers gossip.  Not professional, and not ok.  We were provided with complementary chips and dip which were very tasty.  Unfortunately, that was where the tastiness ended.  Our dinners were awful.  My husband had a steak which was about the quality you would expect from applebees, only it was 26.95.  That doesn't sound like much but it was an awful steak, very fatty, not cooked well and with almost no flavor.  And that was just for the steak - the sides are a la carte.  So we ordered the mac n cheese for 6.25 which was ok but had some kind of funky cheese in it that gave it a slightly weird taste.  It was probably the best part of the meal but no something I would ever order again.  I had the cobb salad for 15.25 and that was a huge let down.  Dressing was gross, chicken was gross, overall it was just sub par.  We decided to make up for the rest of the meal with some dessert.  Maybe not the best idea....My husband ordered an espresso (4.25) that came half full and cold.  We also ordered the chocolate chip cookie desert for 8.25 which was pretty good except that the icecream was caramel ribbon (or something caramel) which was way too sweet to go with the cookie.  Plain vanilla would have been much better, the dish was entirely too sweet and this is coming from two individuals with HUGE sweet tooths.  Long story short, this restaurant is overpriced and the food is not good.  I would never go back and I would never recommend it to anyone.
1	Overpriced typical "hotel fancy food" that isn't fancy or particularly good
2	Typical hotel breakfast buffet in terms of food quality and price. The meats were overcooked and the breads tasted grocery-store bought. We only ate here because we had vouchers. Otherwise the price would be prohibitive. The staff was friendly but terribly slow. The only saving grace is the outdoor seating and the view of the golf course is a pretty one. I would only recommend this restaurant as an option for those staying in the Arizona Grand, and want the convenience of eating in the hotel. Otherwise, you are much better off going elsewhere.
1	Total disappointment. The food was okay but the service was ridiculous.  The only way they stay in business is the captive resort audience. We waited for 30 minutes for a table for dinner during which I counted about 15+ open tables in the restaurant!  The majority of tables were open and still a 30 minute wait and very poor service. Total bummer!
4	I didn't stay here, but patronized their restaurant. The servers were very polite and accommodating. They frequently refilled our drinks and aimed to serve by making sure the fireplaces were working. It's a nice place to hang at if you have a reason to be here.
2	Presents itself as a high end restaurant and isn't.  The best item on the table was the Sangria - also very potent (maybe a bit much even).  The Ahi & Crab tower was good as well.   The salmon was ok but boring, the steak gristly.  I tasted the smoke flavor mentioned elsewhere also, but it couldn't make up for the mediocre cut of meat.   Neither was worth the $27.  We ordered asparagus on the side - five (!) sticks for $7, and there was nothing special to it.Went there with a half off coupon, and that made it barely acceptable - the full tab for a meal for two (with no desert and only one side) at a quality of entrees I'd expect from Golden Corral would have been $120.
3	Front of house really needs to be overhauled. The wait for no particular reason was excessive. Once seated everything else was fine.  We chose to go basic and stuck to the wood fired pizzas.  These are a great choice if not looking for anything fancy. Coupled with a nice merlot our dinner was fine.  Don't look for anything extraordinary and you won't be disappointed.  Basic foods but nice.
1	Totally dissapointed.  I had purchased a coupon from TravelZoo, to try out this restaurant, which given its location I would have thought it was going to be very upscale and we were expecting a WHOLE LOT MORE.  The Service was great, but the food, not worth it.  The restaurant itself is very outdated, very 80's.  My husband and I had the crab cakes for appertizer.  They were cold when they were served.  We told our waiter, who in turn told the chef, and the message was passed back to us, that she appologized.   My Husband ordred a 12oz New York Strip ala carte for $29.95, 6 oz of that was pure fat!  and for the price you would expect to get more meat than fat!  I ordered a wild mushroom pizza, which was OK.   This place needs an over haul in a major way, if they want to make any money at the restaurant, which for a Saturday night at 7pm when we went, was empty.  I think the highlight of the meal was the bottle of cabinet!
5	the fish and chips was some of the best i have ever had and the drinks were pretty good. i recomend this over the actual resturaunt.
1	This was just awful. We were seated inside a nearly empty dining room for breakfast. The waitress eventually came around and brought our drinks. Coffee and a fork to stir for me. We placed our food order. Then waited. And waited. Finished our drinks. No refills. When the food finally arrived I figured out why it took so long:  they were blackening the bacon. Yep, they served us totally black bacon!  Yuck!  No apologies for the wait or anything. My son was still hungry after his kids pancake. (He wouldn't eat the bacon.). So we bought him a pastry in the gift shop after our $50 family breakfast. Will not return.
4	Really nice place for a casual bite. The Cobb salad was excellent. The service was excellent.
3	decent, not awesome. I went with a deal sort of like groupon-ish.
4	We stayed here at the Arizona Grand for 4 days for a family wedding.  The menu was a bit limited, but I could always find something I liked.  First day, lunch, I had a C- chicken Caesar.  Very little dressing, which itself was lacking flavor and what seemed like the kind of "pulled chicken" that you'd find in an enchilada.  It was all breast meat, kind of dry and low on flavor.  Second day breakfast, a vegetable, egg white "frittata" actually more of a scramble.  I asked them to substitute cheddar for the goat cheese called out on the menu.  I have to confess, goat cheese is just too goaty for me.  Got a glass of OJ that was fresh squeezed and derlishous.  Third day, dinner.  They were having some sort of corporate event in the dining room, but served the whole menu in the bar.  I had the special of the night - grilled prawns over gorgonzola risotto.  It was wonderful!I'm actually not much of risotto fan, but the blue cheese kick and creaminess, topped with a little arugula salad and then the perfectly textured, buttery prawns over that....  I loved it.  Last day we slept in and decided to hold off on eating until the obligatory early check out at 11 was completed.  Little did we know, the menu switched to lunch at just that hour, so we split a club sandwich as sort of a breakfast-y offering, maybe because of the bacon.The total standout aspect of what would otherwise have been a C+ to B- value was the servers.  Our two favorites were Bob and Stephanie, although they were all exceptional.  Always there when needed them, and not when we didn't, totally accommodating, but most rare, completely genuine and unaffected.  Service rarely trumps food for me, but when it's this good...
3	Not bad for being in a resort, drinks and food are a little more because of it being in a resort.  They also are not stingy on the pours either.
1	Food is delicious but the service was absolutely terrible!!!! Especially in the evening. When we went during lunch, the food came out quick. But last night was just terrible!We went to the hostess to request a table for two, the restaurant wasn't even that packed..there were so many seats open. But it took them 10min to "clear our table" which was already clear (we could see it from the entrance).We got seated and waited at least 10min for someone to come. The waiter asked for our drink order and told him we were ready to order our dinner. He goes "I'm just here for drinks..let me check with the other tables and will come back for your order". We didn't understand why he couldn't just take our order and put it in...he was gone for 15min and he finally came back to take our orders and brought our drinks. My friend had asked for a straw and he said okay, walked away.. We asked another waitstaff for a straw, they said okay and walked away...then the manager comes up and we asked her for a straw but again she said I'll be back and never came back. It's a straw, how hard is it to get one???Food came 30min later..and the food was great. I ordered the grilled corn and quinoa salad. Once they took our plates away, we asked for the check..and my friend ordered another beer. It took them another 20min just to bring the check and they forgot about the beer. All I can say was that service was SLOW!!!!! They didn't come back to check on us to see how we were doing, no refresh on drinks...they weren't friendly either!If you're staying at the Arizona Grand I wouldn't dine here..go somewhere else or order it to go.
3	I went there for lunch and the service was okayyyy....First thing is they have these fake plants on the table that really need to be dusted off they are filthy. Waiter was okay Quinoa corn salad was excellent I must say. Prices are decent for what you get. I went there for dinner the next day and I waited 25 minutes to get my food and the restaurant was not full. 10 minutes to get a straw which I asked 3 different people for and 15 minutes for a check. Service was not good at all but the corn Quinoa salad is Superb!
1	When your at a resort and you need to wait 15 to 20 minutes before the bartender or manager will even acknowledge you three nights in a row you have a service problem. The amount this place charges for drinks you would think they want to sell them. If your staying take a cab to a store, but what you like and bring it back to the resort. You will save time even if the cab gets a flat.
4	The service was pretty slow, but once we mentioned it the bartender came over and took care of us. She was wonderful. My quinoa salad was great, and so was breakfast the day before.  Everyone we were here with this weekend said the food there was great.
1	We had dessert there one night and it was just OK. Kids had the mini donuts, which were awful. You know it's bad when a kid won't eat a donut. The price was ridiculous for what we got. We decided to give it a second chance and have the breakfast buffet the next day. In a word: disappointing. the eggs, bacon and sausage were fairly good but the pastries at costco were better and the french toast was completely inedible - worst I have ever had in my life. Ever. Extremely overpriced and the service was slow and way below average. For a quality resort, you would think they would at least serve filtered water; nope, tap water. Which in Phoenix, is awful. Do yourself a favor, if you go to the Arizona Grand, just leave the resort to go eat. You'll save money, time, and frustration.
5	Loved this place. Came to Phoenix on a business trip, and I like to try out different places. Good food is a must, and great view/decor/ambience makes it better. Read the reviews from other yelpers and saw the so so reviews for this place. I noticed that none said bad food, so I decided to try it. I'm very glad I did. I started with the grilled artichoke appetizer, and my entree was the Cobb salad (here for lunch). Both were super tasty and yummy. I liked the way the food was presented, it looked really good. That's always nice. I requested to be sat by the window, and my view was of the golf course, with the ponds and waterfalls. It was very pretty, and made for an excellent setting to enjoy lunch. Also, the service was very good. The waiter was very attentive, refilled my drink on time ( a HUGE plus with me), got the food to me in a timely manner, and he checked up on me often. So maybe the other reviewers were there at busier times, or had a different waiter. Over all, I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for good food in a pretty, relaxing setting.
5	I really enjoyed this restaurant.It came as somewhat of a surprise, since the hotel room service food was of mediocre at best quality. Our server was super attentive and friendly. The sunset over the golf course was divine.The atmosphere was very nice. Not too casual and not too ritzy. It was also very family oriented.I REALLY recommend the brussel sprout salad. I looove salad and this is one of the best ones I've had in a while. Don't let the name scare you off.. I'm not always the biggest fan of the brussel sprouts (when I was 5 I barfed at the Christmas Dinner table when having them for the first time).. It doesnt have that bitter flavor at all, and the bacon bits and dressing.. mmmm
