4	I'm surprised this place doesn't have a review yet. It is considered a "casino" with video poker and various slot machines that I haven't touched (I'm not a gambler), with restaurant seating and bar. Every time I've been in here so far (3x), I've never seen the restaurant side open. The place is 24 hours, and the best part is that their full menu is available 24 hours as well. I noticed a lot of places will close their kitchen during the later hours of the night, and that's no good for people like me who get the munchies after a fun night out. It's a very mellow place and so far it looks like only locals come in, so don't expect speedy service. It's good service...but more like 'lax service. Plus they usually only have 1 or 2 guys running the entire place. The food comes out pretty fast after you order, but this is the kind of place that won't give you the check unless you ask for it. One time, I finished my meal and just sat and watched TV/played on my phone/chilled for a good thirty minutes before I finally told one of the bartenders I would like to pay. The food is great too. There is a bunch of items I haven't tried yet but what I have tried has been very good (the potato cheddar soup, bbq ribs, cheesecake a la mode, and few appetizers). I love fries, and theirs are perfect: crisp, hot, and well-seasoned. They have a full menu including breakfast which I am determined to go back and try one of these days.So if you got the drunchies (drunk munchies) or just want a midnight snack, Mad Matty's the perfect place to just relax and fill up before you return to your humble abode.
5	great drinks funny bartenders good for relaxing after work the carne asada burrito was suprisingly awesome!
4	This is my go-to place when I'm having a rough day.  The waitresses always provide good service.  The fries are fantastic, as is all of the food I've tried.  My favorites are the tuna melt and the turkey croissant.  There is no glass separating the casino from the restaurant.  Even though I hate cigarette smoke, it doesn't bother me here--just another way to keep the screaming kids away.
5	Still our favorite brunch location.  We have come here for years, the brunch price has gone up and come back down. Still a great value, food is the same every time.  Love it.
4	Matty may be Mad but this place makes me :)  ..One day while driving down Sahara looking for lunch I see Wendy's and think nahhh. I happen upon Mad Matty's Bar and Grille next door and decided to try it out (love their witty comments on their LED scrolling sign such as "oh cool, a bus lane! note: this was during the bus lane construction on Sahara and later "wasn't construction over weeks ago" -about the delay in completion).Anyway, the place is dim and full of video poker and slots just like any other casino-bar, but as soon as i walk in i'm greeted with a warm welcome by the bartenders.  Both of them were really friendly and we even shared a few laughs while i ordered.  I got the mad matty's burger (typical bar food) but not so typical burger! for about the same price as Wendys next door, i Got a huge 1/2 lb burger with cheese, fries and ranch!A chill place with a good burger! So if you're looking for a good burger fix in the area, opt out of typical fast food and grab one at Mad Matty's.  You'll also get better service and friendly bartenders! Sit back, sip a few beers, and good luck hitting that royal flush playing deuces wild!
4	This place is the best place to gamble off the strip if you want the bar environment with casion slots. The bartenders are great, the food is AMAZING and they have a good progressive. Its open 24hrs and the food is also 24hrs. They don't have pool tables or darts, but if you want to hang out and gamble or have great food while watching the game you should go here.
5	Mattys burger!!!! All the way..oh ya Johns cool too ;-) xo
4	Sunday morning quiet coupled with great food and a pleasant wait staff makes Mad Matty's a standard stop for us when we're in Vegas. We've only hit them for breakfast, but judging from other reviews our experience is echoed by others. Definitely worth a stop!
2	Food is average, I think it depends on what you get.  There was only 1 other table there eating other then us.  I had the beef barley soup which was pretty good, I had the beef tips (which were fatty & tough) with the creamy mashed potatoes (which were very dense and thick) and the side of spinach (which was good and had garlic in it).   Portion size was good.  My meal was $12.99 a little pricey for the quality that was served.I'd go back but I would definitely try something else.Service was nice nothing great and certainly wasn't bad.
1	My wife and I went to Matty's for breakfast last Sunday morning, 11 Nov. around 9-9:30. We have been there numerous times for breakfast, lunch and dinner. All very nice experiences with good food and good service to boot. Not so much last Sunday. We noticed upon entering the dining room that there was a little remodeling going on around the fireplace. The Mrs. chose a table by the window as there were no small booths available. The seating we picked was actually two tables pushed together that could seat 8-10 people. The waitress (Adele?) objected to our selection (mind you she did not offer menu's nor breakfast beverages) but was more concerned that we took some kind of prime real estate. Of course her loud objections garnered the attention of the other customers. We told her we did not want to sit by the fireplace with all of the construction dirt etc. She said 'What if a large party comes in?' bla, bla, bla.Not our worry. There was a large booth that would seat at least 6-7 folks. So we chose to leave, just in case someone else would like the table we chose. Not finished...While we were leaving the waitress was in the bar complaining about US giving her a hard time to the bartender.  I flat told her that I didn't appreciate her mouth and that we would not be back. My wife and I really try to support locally owned businesses especially eaterys. We let Matty's and took our busness to The Lakes Lounge. Nice quiet place, equally good food and great service.. I guess we should have asked for the manager etc.....but it wasn't worth it.
3	I had a good time here, the room was a bit dark for me but it could have just been the time I went. I gambled a bit and won some money and they comp. your drinks if you're gambling (which is customary in Vegas). I didn't try the food but everyone I went with had a good time I would definitely go there again and would recommend it to anyone looking for a good chill place to gamble and drink at.
5	My favorite football and after-party party spot! Plus after midnight they have $1 tap beers and a good food menu!
4	Since our b-fast fiasco we've been back to Matty's several times. (not for b-fast). The afternoon/evening service is very good. The latest dinner was the Blu cheese/mushroom steak. Yumm. The bartender was super and treated us as 'regulars'. He helped the wife with a new players card. Also the remodel of the dining room is really nice, stonework and more tables by the windows. Bottom line....we'll be authentic 'regulars' at Matty's.
4	Great place to revisit if you haven't been here in awhile.  Good food, service and atmosphere.  Matty burger is delicious and almost enough for 2. Definitely will be back.
4	I ate here with a friend and it was an nice surprise.  We both had the prime rib special, and what a deal it was for $9.99.  Soup or Salad, your meat plus 2 sides, the mashed potatoes were great !  I had the spinach which was good also it was made with garlic and really tasty.  I would go back again, I would love to try their burgers, we saw them served and they looked unbelieveable !!!
5	We got a groupon for Mad Matty's, and we had a very positive experience. We ate dinner in the dining section, which is in the front and has one-way glass windows so you can look out at the traffic on the street. The area is comfortable, and we couldn't smell the smoke from the bar/gaming area. There are big-screen TV's and background music too; but none of it was so loud that you can't have a conversation. Husband had the chicken-fried steak, and I had the BBQ burger. Both were excellent, and with the sides are a good value. Our waitress fulfilled special requests (mayonnaise, not ketchup, for the fries; etc.) perfectly. She was very friendly, but unobtrusive, which allowed us to have a nice relaxed dining experience.We had the brownie dessert also, very rich and warm and big enough for two.There are also Happy Hour drink specials from 2-7 p.m. every day; we got pints of good draft beer for $2 each!!This place has pretty typical pub food: burgers and other sandwiches (1/2 lb.deluxe burgers run about $8 with fries or another side), a few Mexican offerings, chicken, salads, steak, ribs, and a daily prime rib special ($10). If that is what you are in the mood for, try it if you are in the neighborhood! We have decided to go to Mad Matty's instead of the nearby Outback (crowded, dark, and more expensive), when we want this type of meal.Great neighborhood spot....we will be regulars...we'd like to try it for breakfast. It doesn't look like much from the outside, but go in and give it a try!
3	Has a cool 70s retro feel, but not like crappy old. More like Mad Men or any tv show set in the 70s. Got a 1/2 pound burger and fries for 6.50. Pretty good. Happy hour is 4-7 with $2 drafts. Service isn't the fastest. Seriously. Don't come here if you have a short lunch break. Would probably come back.
4	This is definitely worth trying out. My first time for breakfast. Adela was friendly.  The omlette was good and the food cooked with competence.  The prices are amazingly affordable.  And they have TV for the sports fans.
5	Came here because I purchased a Groupon. I do not live in this part of town, but I wish I was nearby because it is a decent enough neighborhood spot. The bartenders were super sweet and attentive. Many tv's on for my ESPN fix. I ordered their prime rib which is only $10 and it did not disappoint. I chose the shrimp albondigas soup, and I really liked it. Broth-y but generous with the shrimp meatballs. The prime rib came with garlic mashed potatoes and veggies. Great service and decent prices.
1	Is this place open. The reviews indicated it was a 24 hour restaurant but it was closed up at 6:30am.
1	We got a Groupon to try this place out for the first time... Our first indicator that we should be worried was that at NOON on the Friday we gave them a try there was but a single other car in the parking lot - NOT usually a good thing. On the entry doors was a big sign advertising their "Prime Rib Special" for $9.99.  Inside was as dark as a bar usually is but well decorated with more than a dozen 4-person tables in a separate dining area. We were greeted by the sole waitress/hostess who was serving the only other customers and we were told to pick a table. We didn't see a bartender at any time while we were there. Our waitress (ADEL) brought us menus and took our drink order. When she came back I asked whether she recommended the Prime Rib Special and she said that it was great but that they also had a shrimp special that day too. As I love prime rib and trusting her very positive endorsement I ordered the 'double-cut' for $14.99 and my friend got a French Dip sandwich. When I asked for the baked potato offered as one of my sides Adel said that they were "pre-baked and would be microwaved to heat it up" but would still be very good! I'll cut to the chase here - I asked for rare to medium-rare and I got a piece of grisly pan seared meat that was truly tough to even cut with the knife. Under the 'main' piece of meat which was medium to well done was a much smaller piece of seared meat that was well done - I guess it was supposed to be my 'double cut' serving! Only once in my 60 years have I sent a piece of meat back but even my friend tried the meat and agreed that it was not edible!  We called our waitress and she took a look, apologized, and said she would get me another piece of meat. I said that if it was also going to be pan fried I would rather just get a burger instead. Sandwich prices are high and as stated myspecial was anything but special! Even though our server was a truly nice lady I would never go back here even with a Groupon. It was a BAD experience. ALWAYS pay attention to the parking lot = the rest of the people in the area were giving us a hint!
4	My husband and I have spent a lot of time at Matty's as it's right across the street from our house. We like that they have 2 nickle machines so we can play longer. The bar tenders are all really great and give amazing customer service except for Farrah she is pretty lousy. I walk in and get ignored as she has more important things to do. I put money in my machine and walk up to the bar to get her attention. She is really nice but sucky service! She pours me a beer and asks where I am sitting so I assume she's going to bring my drink. I sit to play and 5 minutes go by and I'm looking around for her. I get up and she tells me "Your beer is over there sweetie" I think ok what was the point of you asking where I was gonna be but whatever. She never asks if I want anything or checks on me for another beer. I get up and go to the bar and wait each time I want a drink. A lady sits down next to me and waits while looking at Farrah trying to make eye contact. After 5 or more minutes I tell her if she wants something she has to get up for it and she can't believe it either as we are both there to play. She goes to the bar and comes back with no drink and I let her know she won't ever get it if she waits for Farrah. Farrah of course goes back to chatting and doesn't make this ladies drink then 5 minutes later she yells to the lady to ask what she wanted again. I can't tell you how many times she has had to ask someone what they wanted again because she's too busy talking to realize she's the bartender. She still never brought over this ladies drink but some nice man who was a customer brought it over to her because he saw it was a lost cause with Farrah. Love Matty's but can't stand Farrah. Her bad service saves me money in tips so maybe I shouldn't complain too much!
5	I like coming here for a quick bite and drink. The bartenders are ALWAYS great. Colleen, Katrina and Jason Rock. Colleen makes the best rootbeer float shots, jason makes a killer Bloody Mary and Katrina keeps the fire ball coming when it's been a long day.  They have been great when we have come in as a big group after a long day at the casino and just want to have fun and relax. They keep the drinks coming and they make us laugh and have fun. Props to whoever hired these three
5	Been frequenting Mattys going on 8 years now so as you can imagine it's definitely a special place indeed. Over the years the original bartenders and staff have moved on and things have changed in terms of the interior and service quality. 5 stars for our originals, Stan, Sheila, Big John (R.I.P.), Art, Eddie, Erin and Dina.  Their original menu never disappointed and you'd be hard-pressed to find anything less than good back in the day (5 stars there). Apparently management has decided to downsize the menu and do away with almost 90% of the items which has regulars less than satisfied. As of January 1st, management has decided to shut down the dining area and renovate in hopes that they can appeal to a younger crowd with more of a lounge feel near the fireplace. Have to keep up with the times I guess. I get that. Fingers crossed things go well. At the end of the day, let's see how the place goes after the renovations have been completed as it's too early to tell what the outcome will be. Regardless, I'll still be paying a yearly visit just for the memories and a cocktail or two.
