5	Oh boy!Everything, at least, everything I saw, was Cotton...glorious, soft, fantastic, Cotton.However...apparently the Cotton they use is stitched together with Gold...for their prices are a bit on the steep side.But hey...it's Vegas Baby!LA Designer James Perse...if there's a store near you, go there...If you find a Department store that sells it...buy it.I just got myself a pair of pants that I'll be wearing INSTEAD of my "comfy pants" when I get home every day.Partly because they're butter-soft...partly because, if I'm going to get my money's worth...I will need to wear them incessantly for the next 100 days.Also, the sales associate was SUPER friendly, very kind...and very informative.A word-to-the-wise...the pants run a little small in the green color.It's a mystery...but apparently people with ample booties are not meant to wear green pants.
4	Stumbled upon this after leaving Sushi Roku and ran in real quick to check it out since its hard to pick up in Portland. The sales staff was really helpful and they had very cute JP outfits on. We ended up coming back later in the weekend when we had more time. The bf bought some men's pieces but we had a hard time finding the right size and fit. So many of the pieces that were labeled with the same size tag had very different fits. He pretty much tried on the same size of one style and they all fit different. The quality of zipper placement and seam strength was different for each piece as well. I know that quality in lightweight knits (which is pretty much all JP sells) can be difficult to achieve depending on the weight and that also explains the inconsistencies. I wish they would offer heavier weight pieces which would bring the quality up a notch.The prices at the store were certainly higher than we would pay in Portland, but the selection is great.I like that the style of the pieces and the interior design of the store were very consistent and connected.
4	The Girl spent a good 40 minutes in here and came out with some more goodies.  I bided my time at Sony Style and the sports memorabilia store where Dick Butkus was signing autographs.She came out super happy and even had a free James Perse bottled water.  Wow, the label is simple and clean like their branding.
4	Great service at 10pm - that's what I'm talking about!Super cute salesgirl helped us right as we came in, she stopped talking to her co-worker to attend to us. I'm glad she did that because I just love that!Sometimes people can be snooty in upscale shops, and this is not the case at James Perse. Cute basics, and well-made clothing round out the inventory at this store. They'll call around if they don't have the items you're looking for and get it shipped to you.Clothes come in basic colors - white, black, stone gray, navy.I liked the cute dresses, cardigans, and soft loungewear for women. Definitely great place to check out when you're browsing the Forum shops.My one qualm:  -1 star for having clothes made in Vietnam. That fact just screams sweatshop to me. If you charge the high prices that you do, you should have your clothes made Stateside in a sweatshop-free environment.
5	I ABSOLUTELY LOVE JAMES PERSE.  So a little while back, i fell in love with James Perse.I was wondering where they had stores besides down in Southern California, so my dear bub looked it up for me.. he said they had one in Las Vegas.So while shopping a little in LV I remembered they had a James Perse store at the Forum Shops at Caesars.  So OF COURSE - I had to go!  There it was... the store looked so simple, modern, and clean.  So my sis and I went in, and browsed around.  The sales girl was really nice and friendly and the clothes -- loves it!The sales girl said she gets a few outfits from James Perse each season.. one word: JEALOUS! :)
2	My experience with Richard was great. He deserves five stars. However, I put on a t-shirt and when I pulled it down, it tore. The set up to return is ridiculous! !! If the manager isn't in; they CANNOT help you. I spent $50 on the shirt and another $10.00 to come back to return it. ($10 was for valet; there is no parking) And guess what? The manager was not in. The next day i called to ask if the manager would help me with an exchange and I was given bogus "reasons" why they couldn't exchange the T-shirt. I spent over $700 in that store and this is my reward: a torn brand new t-shirt! I don't even want to wear anything with 'James Perse' on it. The experience left a bad taste in my mouth. Sad really.
