4	I go here for two reasons: Zumba and parties. My friends are happy regulars at the gym and love the Zumba & Pilates classes. Curious about what they were raving about, I purchased my first visit for $4 to check out the Zumba class. It is a fun blend of latin dance & aerobics.I get bored with typical exercise, but love dancing so it sounded like a great thing to try. I enjoyed it so much, I bought a small package (10 visits to their health facilities for $30) to see if I would have the discipline to attend regularly. We'll see. :) What makes this place different is that it feels very low-pressure and family-oriented. It wasn't about big hulking guys and unusually buff broads strutting their stuff amongst walls of mirrors.As for the event space, we've used it for wedding receptions, graduation parties and not-so-talented talent shows. You can bring your own food/catering which is always a plus in my book.
5	Great instructors and staff!
4	I hate the gym for so many reasons, but mostly because of the wallet-draining commitment and typical gym rats who make working out an uncomfortable spectacle. Rec centers tend to offer a lot of the same amenities as a gym in a relaxed, judgement-free zone.Red Mountain Center is a dual activity and fitness center offering a lot of senior activity services as well as fitness classes, a gym, walking track and possibly a pool (I haven't ventured over to the other side of the center, I just assume there's one over there like every other rec center that I've been to).There are a variety of packages that you can get or you can pay per visit which is $4-$5. This includes classes and use of the gym. I got the 10 for $30 to start and have taken Zumba, a pseudo-body pump class, and yoga. Of the instructors, Maria is my favorite for Zumba and she teaches bi-weekly on Saturdays and Paul for yoga who teaches mostly morning and evening sessions.This is an inexpensive way to check out a variety of classes and find a fitness medium that works for you!
4	This is an extremely nice rec center with the best of everything. It has a beautiful full sized basketball court and indoor track on the second floor and an Olympic sized indoor pool. Along with their regular classes and activities they also provide child care for the busy adult.
4	I like this exercise venue so much more than the place that used to collect my fat tax (a.k.a. membership fees). I'm slightly younger than average member, but I find that as a bonus inspiration. If the lady next to me can keep pace on the treadmill while sharing tales about the grandkids, I can power through the lingering remnants of those occasional college cigarettes and inactivity. The RMC is not open on Sundays, which supports my ideas of having a day off, or a cheat day. Good for classes, nice equipment and a rock climbing wall to boot. Can't beat it for the price.
4	I love their fitness classes. Lots of classes to choose for morning or evening classes. Great classes for kids. Lim Kempo martial arts program is awesome. Kids love it. Really wish they had a pool. That's why I gave them 4 stars.
