3	This place is kind of a hybrid of Applebee's and CPK, which isn't to say it's bad, but nothing to rave about either. I got their slider meal, which was tiny (for me) and my friend got their steak (which was way tiny). The food was fine and the service was okay, but really felt like an Applebee's knockoff (and Applebee's isn't even worth knocking-offing anyway). 3 stars
4	Good food.  I guess one reason I like this place is they don't hide how bad the food is for you. There is a little Kiosk with all the calories right by the door.  All in all I get the flat bread pizzas and really enjoy themThe steaks are also good and the price is reasonable.Service is always friendly and the establishment is kept really clean and neat
4	I didn't know what to expect when I walked in, but I am now a fan. There is a cool way to review the menu on a touch kiosk to find out the calorie count. The place looked nice. It was clean and really cool looking. The food was really good and our waiter was nice and friendly. I will be going back to try their pizza and other food. We had a burger, which was really good, and we had the lobster slider. French fries were good to.
2	I don't care what Cub and Bulls fans think, this Steeler and Penguins fan thinks deep dish pizza is not all that. First, the crust tastes like a biscuit, and biscuits belong nowhere near or on a pizza. I will give UNOs a thumbs up on it's flatbread, it's better pizza than some pizzerias In the area. When I look over uno's menu almost nothing excites me, this place is a dud. Guess what? Chicagoans don't know how to eat hot dogs either!
3	Not quite authentic but good enough for Pittsburgh. It's the only place that I've found that even comes close to a classic Chicago style deep dish.I also had the french onion soup that wasn't bad. The croutons were still crunchy and it had just the right amount of cheese.My girlfriend really enjoyed her Caesar salad and said she'd come back just for the salad.Overall, I enjoyed it and would come back the next time I get a craving for a deep dish pizza. It wasn't authentic but it certainly was not terrible.
2	I really don't know why I bother with chain restaurants anymore.  Now that my palate has matured and I no longer think chicken fingers and french fries are gourmet cuisine, I really can't find anything to eat in a place like this.  My husband and I were running errands at the Waterfront, and we needed to find a place for lunch.  We decided on Uno because pizza sounded good to us.  My husband is a meat lover, so I agreed to let him order us a meat-covered pizza.  To counteract this a little, I ordered a tomato mozzarella salad, so we'd at least have some vegetables in the mix.  When the salad arrived, it did NOT look like the picture.  The menu description is thus: "chopped lettuce, roma tomatoes with basil and garlic, buffalo mozzarella, drizzled with balsamic syrup."  This description is accompanied by a bright, colorful picture of a salad with bright green lettuce, bright red tomatoes, and a delicate "drizzling" of balsamic syrup.  It looks light and yummy.What we got, however, was soggy yellow and white iceberg lettuce, COMPLETELY DRENCHED in dressing, a total of four tiny pieces of tomato, and some cheese.  It was DISGUSTING.  There was so much dressing dripping off of this dish, it was more like a soup than a salad.  I suspect that the lettuce was so wilted and brown, they figured they could disguise it by completely soaking it in dressing.  Not only was it disgusting, but it cost us about $10.  $10 for complete inedible slop.  The "numero uno" pizza we got was nothing to write home about either.  It was ok... very mediocre.  The crust tasted like it was undercooked, and the sauce tasted like plain tomato sauce with no seasoning whatsoever.  I have been to Chicago many times, had real Chicago deep dish many times, and this just doesn't even come close to the real thing.  The ONLY positive I give this restaurant is they have the kiosk in the front where you can look up the calorie count of the food right there.  It would be better if they'd actually print it on the menu, but they are still doing better than most restaurants in this effort.  They are making strides, too, with their whole grain crust options.  I'm sure there's still a lot of room for improvement, however.  If you're listening, Uno, please work on providing your customers with healthier food - not just healthy options like salads, but work on making the main dishes you serve better for your customers (low-fat cheese, low-sugar sauce, less sodium, etc.).   Their hearts will applaud you.  And lastly, why does every chain restaurant have to decorate with old signs?  Is there some sort of chain restaurant decorating requirement I don't know about?  It's baffling.
1	Awful everything. From the bad service, to the diluted soup, to the lame-no chicken on the chicken salad, to the PRE-fabricated pizza. AVOID THIS PLACE!
2	I really love deep dish pizza. The thick crust that is crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The spicy, peppery sauce that can singe your tongue. The mixture of ingredients just sliding down your chin as it bubbles out of your mouth. That being said, I really don't understand why people go to Pizzeria Uno. This chain has done to the deep dish pizza what McDonald's has done to hamburgers, Pizza Hut has done to pan pizza, Dominoes has done to hand tossed pizza, and Taco Bell has done to Tex-Mex; it has made it almost unpalatable. On our menu:French onionChicken bitesPizza with pepperoni, hamburger, and romanoLooking past the fact that the service was not the best or the fact that the food came out undercooked and tepid in temperature, the food just was not good. Don't get me wrong, this is not the worst pizza I have ever eaten, but this chain is a perfect example of what happens when something becomes so prescribed, overhandled, and overthought that it no longer resembles the original piece of art that tasted so good. I really never want to return.
2	Food was ok had a steak w/ shrimp side Ass mashed potatoes. Everything was ok not a lot of flavor.
3	Came here on a Monday night.  Boy was the place dead!  I was the only only Customer at 8:30PM.  Ordered a thin crust pizza with extra cheese, pepperoni and mushrooms.  It was pretty good.  Could of used more cheese.   I wasn't in the mood for the heavy crusted deep dish pizza. This is my first time at this location but have been to several of the other locations in the US.  It was just like the others.  The Caesar salad with anchovies was very good.  The service was very poor.  My waitress spent a lot of time chit-chatting with the hostess.  It was a chore to get water refills from her.  They have big screen televisions in the bar area which can be seen from the restaurant.
3	I ate here at around 8:00 on a Saturday night.  Reading the other reviews, it makes me wonder if people were a the same restaurant I was.  Sure, it isn't a world class dining establishment, but it is decent considering it is a chain.  You should know that going into any chain, really.  It was basically exactly what I expected in terms of food quality and price.We were greeted immediately upon entering, and while the hostess went to grab menus, another server asked us if we were taken care of.  Service at our table was very attentive and water and other beverages were promptly refilled.  I ordered soup and two appetizers instead of an entree or pizza and the server made sure to ask me about the order in which I would prefer receiving my food.  My fiance ordered a deep dish pizza and we know they take longer to make than other food items.  It was quicker than we thought it would be and he really enjoyed it.  I had the potato skin appetizer.  It reminds me of a "baked potato pizza" that I used to enjoy at a local place back in Buffalo.  It was delicious, especially with the addition of a little bit of hot sauce.Overall, it doesn't even come close to visiting an Uno's in Chicago, but then again, when does a copy every live up to the original?  It won't be a regular location in our  dining rotation, but it is good to know that when we have a craving for deep dish, Uno will do the trick and cost a lot less than a trip to Chicago.
4	My girlfriends made reservations here for my bachelorette party last Saturday. I highly suggest that you make reservations because we were able to just walk right in and sit down. There were people there waiting 30 minutes+. We had the sangria which was amazing. Our sever Alex recommend it and it was perfect for the 4 of us.  I had their thin crust pepperoni pizza which really hit the spot. My two friend had salads which they said were amazing and my other friend joined me in ordering a pesto chicken pizza. Let's just say there wasn't any food left on the table when we were finished.  I will be back for sure.
2	Pizza ok on it's own nothing great . Definitely not worth the restaurant price.  definitely not like pizzeria UNO in Chicago. Are they even related   or are they just using their name and trademark.
2	The menu is outstanding but the pizza and beer is too expensive. For 2 personal pizzas (the size of pizza hut) 2 beers and 2 salads, we paid over $50 bucks. The personal pizzas alone were $11 each... If you want pizza and beer go somewhere else-pasta appetizers, or sandwiches... this place is good.
3	Well this visit started off good. I was seated right away, no wait. Was given a good beer selection of some PA Craft beers. Ordered the traditional deep dish pizza, but with no onions. Now after we ordered, it just went downhill from there. Was never asked if I wanted another beer, the waitress just gave me more water. My pizza still had onions in it. Which I stated right off the bat, that I didn't blame the girl who took my order. I know cooks can't read. I was one for many years. Mistakes happen, and the manger took care of it and took the item off my bill. NO complaints, still ate the food and it was good. Just not a fan of onions on my pizza. Now onto the bill, the server continues to tell me that she was sorry for the mistake and declares she told the cooks not to add onions. I already said it was taking care of and there's no worries. She goes on to say that the next day was her birthday, and if I felt like leaving all my money as a tip, it wouldn't go unnoticed. I took this as a joke as I had told her earlier I worked in the industry. When I hand over the gift card I had on hand, she comes back and again repeats herself, tells me that cash as a tip is preferred as she doesn't have to claim it at the end of the night. And again if I felt like leaving her all my money, she would just be so freaking happy. Let me explain one thing and hopefully I am very clear on it. No server, and I mean NO server anywhere, should ever ask a guest or customer for a tip, yet alone, do it twice! So out of kindness, which I shouldn't have left anything by this point. I left a nice tip for the cost of what food I did  have to pay for.Bottom line, the food was good for the price, but the service from this one person as I don't know how the rest of the servers are. Was just horrible.
3	I think the location in homestead has ruined this place. Dirty dirty dirty.Bathrooms unkept, entry door handle and windows filthyPizza had too much sauce on it and was drenched. Server was coarse, not refinedServing items were old and rusty. Temperature of food was not hotLow quality, but probably ok with pittsburgher s
4	Unos has been around for ever, & I feel like this restaurant chain peak in popularity in the 80's. Honestly the decor inside still kind of looks 80s to me even though its nice with sleek booth and exposed brick.If you haven't died and he recently I ordered you to come back and have a meal here again because honestly the food is really quite good!They have the best chicken salad wrap ever! I love that rap so much I want agreed to walk the south side River Trail from where the Steelers practice all the way to the damn waterfront just because I knew that I could convince my boyfriend to go to Unos with me for lunch.  Full disclosure:  I made him call is a cab and we took a taxi back to the parking lot after lunch.Listen... The food and pizza and service are very good, surprisingly so! I don't know why this place is not busier but next time you're down at the Waterfront please do consider dining here!
4	All in favor of a deep dish pizza say I!.......IIIIIII,  ok now that i have that out of my system. This place is such a great hangout/eat-in spot. I hadn't been here and years and some friends invited us out for the evening. I was so glad they were paying cause  I was low on funds at the time.We arrived on a friday night and of course it was busy there. We waited about 10 minutes to get a table which wasn't bad considering the crowd. We looked over the menu and they have so many great choices. Pizza, pasta, appetizers, seafood, burgers, salads and sandwiches. After ordering two mango lemonades that were wayyyyy over sweetened we ordered our food. We both are going gluten free which is tough but UNO's gave us a nice selection of dishes to choose from. Plus! They make a thin crust gluten free pizza which taste great. My hubby ordered the mediterrean thin crust because he loves kalamata olives and I ordered the Guac-alicious burger with a Caesar side salad. My salad came out pretty quick which was nice but it had a little too much dressing on it. I didn't complain, it still tasted great.I'm not into red meat so I tried to order a black bean burger or get chicken instead of beef, but the ran out of black bean and they couldn't get the chicken so i just ordered it anyway. The burger was piled really high with all the toppings including guacamole and it was very creamy but i couldn't get over the taste of the burger because it just didn't have any flavor. Very saddening. I ended up just eating the veggies and discarding the meat. I snacked on some of my hubbies pizza even though it was only a small amount. We came here twice in one week. The second time we ordered the 9-grain deep dish with mushrooms, parmesan and a garlic white sauce. Was this pizza amazing or what?? I will probably always eat this pizza whenever I come. Only down side is slow service. It took 20 minutes for our pizza to come out and my hubbies was a little over cooked. He got the numero uno which was ok but mine had way more flavor!!
4	Wham! 4 stars outta the park! The deep-dish pizza we had was amazing. I wasn't crazy about the avocado egg rolls, but the chocolate chip sundae was superb. Great service too from Maranda, a doll. Decor is cute. Ambience is lively. Recommended.
3	Pizza is a staple for me. I love everything about crunch crust, a nice rich tomato sauce, and a thick layer of melted cheese. I have never tried Chicago style pizza before and when we had to rescue our friends from car troubles, Uno's was right there so we decided to try it out. Only a 30 minute wait for a Saturday is pretty good for any restaurant in the Waterfront. We were seated at a booth in the bar area. The tables were clean and it was a big booth so the four of us were not squished. Only complaint, the bar was loud and when they did blended drinks you had to pause your conversation because the blenders were so loud. Good news, only happened twice!The four of us decided to order two pizzas, the Pepperoni and the Farmers Market. I also ordered a Caesar salad because I needed more vegetables in my life.  The salad. It was a big salad that I shared with my boyfriend. The croutons were huge and very crunchy. The Caesar dressing was not creamy, it was vinegar based and had a little bit of a "bite" to it as Chris kept on saying. I thought the bite had more to do with the vinegar than anything spicy, but who am I to say.  The lettuce was fresh and crunchy and they even added tomatoes like I requested. The main dishes came out about 10 minutes later. I do not know what I was expecting but the pizzas were not as large as I was imagining. Two of the larger pizzas looked like personal pizzas to me. But!!!! I was soon to see that even if they are a bit smaller they were filled to perfection. The Farmers Market pizza had caramelized onions, spinach, SUN DRIED AMAZING TOMATOES, regular tomatoes, eggplant, pesto as a sauce, and a blend of cheeses. The crust was perfection being so crisp and light that I stole Chris' extra from his plate. The sun dried tomatoes were great adding just enough sweetness to the pizza that I went looking for the slices with the most on them. It was a really really good pizza. We even ended up taking slices home with us! My eyes deceived me at first with the size! Then our friends told us that we had to try the cookie pizza. Cookie pizza? What sorcery is this? Matt, the one who suggested it said that we would not be disappointed. This cookie came out in a really large, bigger than our pizzas, dish. It had three scoops of icecream on it with a pile of whipped cream. WARM, right out of the oven, fresh cookie pizza. Oh sweet heavens, it was good. I am glad that I had enough room in my stomach to pile in that sweet goodness. Chicago Pizza, I would absolutly try again.
4	I had the deep dish pizza and it was very good!  The individual size was smaller Than I expected for $12 but I wasn't starving so it was very filling.  Our waitress April was very nice and attentive for how busy it was.  We had about a 30 minute wait but it was worth it!  I can't wait to try it again!
4	My friend and I have never eaten here before so last night we decided to check it out. For a Thursday it wasn't that crowded and we were seated promptly. There were plenty of flat screens and warm lighting that made the place cozy. We ordered a thin crust pizza: on one side there was chicken, hamburger and pepperoni (for him) while the other side had just pepperoni (for me). I was expecting the pizza to be bland and warm but it was surprisingly hot and savory. I even tried a slice of my friend's pizza and the hamburger and chicken were moist, not dried out. This wasn't bad for a first visit so I will definitely be back in the future to try more menu items. I'm only giving Uno 4 stars because the waitress brought us a plate that still had old food stuck to it. Hello! The plate was yellow! How could she not have seen that?!
1	Well, it started well. Food was okay. Deep dish pizza was good. But the salad we had - too tiny portion!!!We were greeted and seated well. But later the service was not all good. Bad bad service. First of all we had to ask for everything we wanted. The server didn't even had courtesy to ask if we wanted anything more or would like to go for deserts. She just handed over the check when we even didn't ask for it (we wanted to order more).Later when we talked about this in the front, the girl there also just listened and said "okay", not even a sorry once!!!I would not like to go there again... :(
5	While visiting relatives in Somerset we decided to go shopping in the nearby town of Homestead.  My aunt insisted that we have lunch at Uno's Pizzeria & Grill as the food was delicious.  When we arrived I had to admit that I was impressed with the decor and atmosphere of the place.  It was fairly crowded for a weekday but we were seated in less than ten minutes.  The waitress was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu answering all our questions with ease.  I settled on a Turkey, Bacon and Avocado sandwich and old fashioned tomato soup after looking over the menu several times.  They have a variety of dishes guaranteed to please all ages.  The food arrived in no time and was DELICIOUS!  The portions were just right for lunch, I was definitely ready for an afternoon of shopping.  The four of us had items off the Two for U lunch menu, our bill was less than $30 which meant that I might could afford the shoes I wanted to buy!  My aunt was right, you cannot visit Homestead without stopping to eat at Uno Pizzeria & Grill, it is FANTASTIC!!
1	Nope!
2	Was very disappointed with the food. It was overcooked and not seasoned very well
5	It gets 5 stars cause it jogs up a memory. Back before Pizza Hut turned into a fast food restaurant, the Pizza Hut my grandfather used to take me to was a really nice restaurant. And this location has the same look and feel as the old pizza hut before it went take out. So this is the old style pizza hut. Very family orientated dining style. You can sit here for hours. And so we did. We had a heap of use in a long table.I ordered one of the small pizzas which were buy 1 get one free. Disappointed in the selection of that. Seeing other choices... I regretted going on the cheap. Prices are moderate. 12 for a little pizza... but with all the dough, you get full. Can't say I walked away hungary. Nor did I finish my second mini pizza. I want to come back and get that spanich fetta looking pizza!
2	Nice place but some of the items on the menu are not available unless you get a 2 for 12 but that's not what the online menu states. And it's a salad come on..
