5	A friend and I went to Nazy today. I was waaayyyy over due for some much needed brow maintenance and had heard about threading and was very interested in checking it out. The salon IS very beautiful and Nazy was very welcoming, professional, and fun. I have had my brows tweezed and waxed before, but I am supremely happy with the job that Nazy did. I very much recommend this salon/service and will definitely be back.
5	I still love this place. Got a chance and was in the area the other day. Nazy did another great job and I gave her plenty to work with in my negligence. She is so friendly and actually remembered me from last time. My friend was with me but chickened out, so now she shall be known as the one with the furry brows because mine are gorgeously human again. I wish the shop was closer!
5	First of all, thanks to the random Yelper who heard my cry of help and suggested Artistic Brows!Okay, Ladies (and hairy Gentlemen), please please please DO NOT trust your threading to anyone other than Nazy!  She is the UTMOST of gracious and professional!  Her salon is always clean and neat, with a tranquil stillness.  You can walk in, but I would recommend making an appointment just so she can take her time with you.  On your first visit, you will get a mini-consultation and she actually will help determine what brow shape is best for your face.  When I went to her, I was recovering from a brow debacle (See: Brow Bar, which is now called ArtistBrow123) and she's been pruning my brows back into shape!!Ever since I've been going to her, people LITERALLY stop me and compliment how nice my brows look.  I mean, I was plucking them myself for years and got compliments here and there, but nothing like this!  I've had to keep a stock pile of her cards because everyone wants her number!As for the comfort level, Nazy does her best to keep it as painless as possible, but there is truly no painless method of hair removal.  I find threading less painful and less irritating than waxing, except for the upper lip...just use some Nair on that b/c threading that area HURTS LIKE A MOTHER.....Her prices are reasonable and you get a "frequent threader" card and your 12th session is FREE!!! WOOT!!  Beautifully groomed brows can really frame your face and enhance your natural beauty, so please allow Nazy to work her magic for you!!
5	I'm a dude and I go here yuuuup.  I'm from nj where there are 9 million places to go.  This is the second best place I haver been.  Nazy is awesome and did a perfect job. I still have manbrows and I have a place close to my new house
5	I went to Nazy today for my very first appointment, I have never had threading done before and let me tell you, it was a great experience! She has been doing brows for about 30 years, and it definitely shows! Within minutes I was in and out the door and couldn't have been happier with the way my brows turned out! I will definitely be returning. This place is over 20 miles from my house, but is worth the drive! I now much prefer threading over the waxing that I had done previously.
5	Nazy is still the best in Charlotte.  She does an amazing job, here salon is always super clean, and you cannot beat the sinatra in the background.  Plus, nazy is hot :)!
5	Nazy is fantastic. She is warm and friendly and has a welcoming shop.  She pays attention to the details and made my brows perfectly shaped and got rid of even the tough chin hairs. Red disappears a lot faster than waxing! I am a customer forever!
5	After doing some research online I realized that Artistic Brows was a lot closer than my usual brow place so I decided to give them a try. The shop is in an interesting location it looks like townhomes/small businesses adjacent to a shopping center that includes a grocery store bank and other places.  There was a nice and clean spa like atmosphere when I walked in . I signed in and waited for my turn . This was not my first time getting threaded but it was my first time having a brow consultation she looked at my brows asked me how I wanted them and then told what she was going to do seeing that one was more arched than the other . It was quick and as painless as brown threading could be. I like the ambiance of her shop and the location so I will definitely be back seeing that I have gotten a lot of compliments on my brows!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!   Nazy does an excellent job.  I have been to many different eye brow threading places, from D.C. to FL, and nothing tops this place in NC.  My eyebrows turn out perfect EVERY SINGLE TIME!  :)
