3	This is a no-frills local Chinese joint reminscent of  "A Christmas Story" with a modern twist.  Come here for a cozy / nostalgic atmosphere with commendable comfort Chinese food and you won't be disappointed.  Come here for upscale or gourmet ethnic food and you'll leave let down.  Snowbirds from back East will feel right at home....
3	One of only a couple chinese restaurants this far north.  Unfortunately, they have raised their prices recently.  They were already high priced for chinese food but now they are in the unacceptable range.  The quality of the food is average at best.  The egg rolls are big but mostly all cabbage inside and quite dry.  The beef with vegetables is very good with very tender beef.  Stingy with the white rice on carry out.  They even have the nerve to charge an extra $1 for brown rice!For my money (and better food) travel just a little further north and go to China Joy.
5	delicious, grubby, chinese food in generous portions and always great service.their szchewaun chicken is THE BOMB. so spicy it makes me sweat.
4	Very nice servers/wait staff.  Food was very good!  Spicy fried rice actually had some heat to it!  They even have REALLY good tasting fortune cookies!!
5	When visiting relatives in AZ, I come to Sesame Inn often to get practically the only Chinese food in town (N. Scottsdale/Carefree area).  The ambience is quaint and the food is awesome!  Here's the low-down:- The quality of ingredients are great!  The pieces of shrimp are quite larger than other Chinese restaurants.  - The quantity of their dishes are a good size.  Lots of "stuff" in the hot and sour soup.- The prices are similar to "PF Chang's" and it (prices) fits the upper-middle class demographics.  This is not some Chinese fastfood joint, which some folks may be used to their prices.Some dishes to try:CalamariRibs with carrots/peppersFried RiceHot and Sour soupWestlake soupWonton soupSizzling Rice soupShrimp with Lobster SauceKung Pao Chicken
4	I've been eating at Sesame Inn for more than 15 years, starting when there were down at Thunderbird and Scottsdale Rd.  I've even had the same waitress, Grace, all that time.  This is the only place I know of that makes Kung Pao Beef by deep frying the beef first.  It's unique and without peer.  Everything else is good as well, from the soups to the Mu Shu Pork to the House Special Chicken.
2	I haven't had chinese food in a while and don't know why I would bother coming up this far north to get it.  I got the lunch special which is way more expensive than other places and the food was 'meh'.  For Chinese food I would go anywhere else.  They lose 3 stars for mediocre food and high price tag to go along with it.i do have to say, they have very nice service and the fortune cookies were surprisingly fresh.
2	I walked out of this place $30 lighter and wound up eating maybe $5 worth of the food. Just ugh. The Sesame Inn doesn't have lo mein on the menu - WTF kind of Chinese restaurant doesn't have lo mein? - but the hostess (I was ordering takeout) recommended chow mein instead. The noodles were spaghetti noodles, not Chinese noodles. The sesame chicken was nothing more than a fried, sliced chicken breast with some kind of watery soy sauce on the side to pour over the top, absolutely no chili paste or thick sticky sauce. Egg rolls were doughy and had little flavor. I've had way better meals from cheapy Chinese places in NY that charge $5 a plate. I can't believe I wasted $30 on this crap. It gets two stars instead of one because the restaurant itself, from what I saw, was clean, quiet and nicely lit and the staff was nice.I don't understand why it is so freaking impossible to find good Chinese food in the Valley that's not from a chain like Pei Wei. In the last several years we've managed to get good pizza places here - can we import some East Coast Chinese? Of course, I realized last night that if I thought the last six or so Chinese places I've eaten at were terrible, maybe the problem isn't them, maybe I just don't like Chinese anymore!Nah. It's totally them.
1	Myself and two friends order a light meal for take out from Sesame Inn after a long day - BIG MISTAKE. The food was inedible. The Hot and Sour Soup was orange. I have never seen orange Hot and Sour Soup and if the color didn't turn you off, the taste certainly did. I can honestly say I have never had anything like it. The Mu Shu Pork was watery, poorly seasoned and the pork was just about nonexistent. We also order a chicken dish and to be honest I don't know what it was supposed to be and I don't remember what it was called. We were not looking for gourmet, just someone to feed us a warm meal after a long day. We ended up throwing all of the food away minus about 7 bites. Unfortunately the food quality was that bad and for the price (which was not cheap) we expected something at least reminiscent of Chinese food. I can only hope that the night we were there the cook had quit and the dishwasher was filling in. Nevertheless, we won't go back.
4	This is a very good Chinese restaurant, we have gone there for years. I am shocked by the bad reviews and would suggest you ignore them, this is good Chinese food!
4	Drive up to Carefree for lunch, stop in at the Sesame Inn. Their original Chinese creations are tasty, reasonably priced & all served in CLEAN surroundings. I'm a BIG fan.
4	There's a reason this place has been around so long. They have lots of offbeat options like mayonnaise shrimp, cucumber soup and a couple of interesting and legitimately spicy curries. The only thing I'm not a huge fan of is the hot and sour soup; good flavor, but way too viscous for me.The House Rice Noodles are a must!
2	Ordered take-out.  I was so hoping the food was going to be good because I love chinese food and it is the closest to my home.  The spring rolls and cashew chicken were very average.  The wonton soup was a disaster...It was thick with mushy pieces of pastry with not one wonton to be found!
4	Amazing PadThai! I love this place. It is a little expensive compared to others but the food is worth it!
2	The service was friendly and the food came quickly, so I have to be fair and give them praise for that.  Unfortunately we weren't very happy with how our food tasted.  Our Crab Rangoon, and Fried Rice were too salty.  Our Egg Rolls and Won Tons in our soup were bland.  The Thai Tofu dish was too dry, although the green beans and flavor of the sauce was good.  I don't think I'll return again.  I'll drive further down South to Flo's.
3	Pricey for what you're getting, and though it's Carefree/N.Scottsdale area, it just doesn't quite justify it.  Food isn't bad, but not great either.  Inauthentic mixture of several asian cuisines here too.  Parking is good though.
4	2/1/2013: Sesame Inn still getting an A Grade from Maricopa County Environmental Services. :-)My family has spent thousands of dollars here since 1999.  Mostly because the staff will always do special orders with an "oh, sure!" sort of joy.  And it's the only decent Chinese in the Desert Foothills (Shanghai Club in Anthem ain't bad).There are two Chinese menu items I sort of use as a test:  Spicy Eggplant and Hot & Sour Soup.  Either are often quite obviously *wrong* in other restaurants but not here.Spicy Eggplant is EXACTLY how one would hope and dream this dish should be -- the eggplant is creamy / cooked to perfection and the yummy sauce displays green onion and garlic equally to the palate.  And it's always served really good and hot.Hot & Sour Soup also has a number of distinguishable flavors floating around in it.  (As opposed to the too-thick salty goop many places pass off as Hot & Sour.)  The sour (vinegar) is always perfect.  I always order it without pork but no one else at the table seems to care because the deliciousness is nevertheless quite potent!  Oh, and this soup is chock full of all kinds of exotic vegetables.This place is a bit pricey but there is a certain pride of workmanship going on here.
5	Alright so my friend Ashley L. wanted to go here so the first thing I did was look at the reviews on Yelp.  Mostly good but a few bad ones.  I have to say that usually only read the really bad reviews so I can get a feel for what may be wrong.  I was especially interested in the ones that said the sesame chicken was not good since Ashley L. said that was her favorite.  So I went and decided to let her lead.  They bring out the hot jasmine tea to poor into these little cups.  I must say that on a cold (well Arizona cold) day this was fantastic.  It was full of flavor and a nice start to the meal.  We both ordered the sesame chicken lunch combo and boy was I in for a treat.  We started with egg drop soup.  This is not my normal favorite as I do not like tofu and it is usually unpleasant if I get a bite.  It is mostly the texture I don't like but the tofu was smooth and tasted like the broth and so I ate the whole bowl.  Then out came the lunch.  I was not expecting this much food.  I can see why some people were put off by the sesame chicken as it is not prepared the way it is everywhere else.  It felt so much lighter and had more flavor than I could imagine.  It was a piece of breaded chicken with a light sauce and green onions over it.  It was excellent.  Ashley L. is not a fan of chicken but loves this chicken and I can see why.  It was perfectly prepared with no fat globs anywhere.  It was moist and cooked to perfection.  This came with fried rice on the side.  The rice was well cooked with nice crunchy vegetables mixed in.  There were to fried wontons that were perfectly done and not too oily.  I don't like fried wontons usually because they make the mouth feel like is has been greased yuck.  These did not have that horrible side effect.  The egg roll was perfectly crisp without any of the guminess that can occur if not cooked properly.  Fresh delicious vegetable inside.  Now to the service.  I don't know who our waiter was exactly because it felt like everyone was waiting on us.  It wasn't terribly busy but there was great teamwork.  Our tea never ran out no matter how fast we drank it they always filled it before we could finish it.  Our water glasses always had fresh water and ice and our plates were cleared promptly.  It was almost eerie how things would appear and disappear while we talked.  We never felt rushed to leave and even after the check was on the table we were checked on frequently.  The price for both of us was $19 and was well worth the food and the service that we received.I can't wait to become a regular here.
4	I've been here a couple of dozen times. Good food and value for the money. Friendly service. I'll be coming back until a sushi or thai place opens up in area.
5	We have been eating at Sesame Inn since we moved here six months ago.  We do not eat meat and are so happy with the tofu offerings.  We particularly like the Spicy Thai Basil Tofu.  Hearty, spicy, vegetables that are al dente and the tofu is cooked just right.  The service is always excellent. Food is always hot off the stove and consistent in its preparation.  We are "regulars" now.
5	Time after time, I visit this little gem in the Carefree area, and find that the food is consistent - quantity and quality wise!  I continue to send family and friends to Sesame Inn when I hear they plan visit AZ.Sure there isn't "lo mein" on the menu, but if you actually know your Chinese food like I do, you'll realize that this isn't a Cantonese style restaurant -- where lo mein is usually served.  I'm just sayin'...
5	I love this place! When you walk in the door, you feel as though you're in a 1960s film. It's old school, not like "fusion" places that are rampant as all get out. The service is always wonderful; the chicken curry is wonderful. My husband loved the mayo shrimp. The portions are large too. I loved the mango sorbet--delectable. And my daughter had the coconut sorbet, which is handmade on premises, and it was superb. Very clean, very friendly, and it's geographically desirable.I'd like to add that I'm from the Detroit area. Really good Chinese there. When I moved here 16 years ago, the Chinese food disappointed me---THEY USED CELERY! Yuck. So now I judge places by that. Sesame Inn does not use celery, as far as I know.
1	Absolutely horrible experience. Spent 50 dollars on takeout and got maybe 20 dollars worth of food. On top of that their Sesame Chicken was nothing what I expected, it was a fried chicken breast sliced with sesame seeds on top, no sauce or anything. The food was awful and tasted worse than the cheap Chinese fast food you can get. We got 4 small steamed dumplings for 6 dollars when online it says they serve 6 dumplings. Horrible waste of money. Find another Chinese place to go because this is not real Chinese food.
2	Frankly, this is some of the priciest Chinese food I've ever had. Got takeout the other day for 3 adults. Spent nearly $75 and it simply wasn't worth it. Our order had 4 appetizers and 3 entrees. There were supposed to be 4 potstickers but there were only 3. At $5.25, those 3 dumplings were pricey. Apparently somebody in the kitchen has trouble counting because our $4.50 order of crab puffs was also missing one (ie, it had 4 instead of 5). The Teriyaki beef skewers (you get 4 of them) were dry, dry dry. They were like eating beef jerky on a stick, only these were tasteless. They were tough and way overcooked or maybe they had just been sitting around for a few days. Definitely not worth $2 a piece. The honey dipped ribs (4 of them) were a nice size but a little tough. The bbq sauce covering the ribs was tomato-based and I expected it to be a little sweet (it is called HONEY DIPPED ribs, after all) but it was pretty bland. I did not taste sweet on those ribs. The portion was a good size for an appetizer, though. The Walnut Shrimp was probably the smallest portion of the entrees and way overpriced. I could count on 4 fingers the number of average size shrimp in there. They were stingy with the walnuts and veggies as well. The portion appeared to be child-sized or maybe a half portion but it was most definitely NOT worth almost $16. The Beef and Broccoli was supposed to be prepared in a garlic brown sauce (according to the menu). The sauce had a light reddish tinge (maybe from some tomato sauce?) and there was no garlic flavor in this sauce. There was very little flavor of any kind. I expected to taste soy sauce, ginger, even pepper but nothing. I've had Beef and Broccoli at other restaurants before and I've also made it at home and this was the blandest by far. The broccoli was fresh and had a nice crunch and color to it and the beef was tender but cut into miniscule pieces, as if by cutting them so small and spreading them around, it'll look like you have a lot more beef than you actually do. At $13.50, the portion size was adequate for one person even though there seemed to be more broccoli and very little beef. Finally, the House Fried Rice was the only dish that actually had some flavor to speak of. The aroma and color of the entree was appetizing. But, there was maybe 3 small shrimp, some chicken and pork and plenty of veggies. The portion was large so for almost $10 you get enough fried rice for maybe a couple of meals. Additionally, I wasn't given (or offered) any packets of soy sauce (or any other sauce) or chopsticks. I suppose you just have to know to ask for what you want before you walk out. I also had to wait an additional 15 minutes longer than the "20 to 30 minutes" I was told it would take on the phone. I wouldn't order takeout from this place again much less actually go and eat there. The food is overpriced, mediocre and flavorless. They're also stingy with their main ingredients, particularly the shrimp and beef. If you like overpaying for mediocre chinese food, this is the place to go.
5	All I can say is the Pad Thai and Chicken Satay are awesome here. Although Sesame is a Chinese restaurant they sure know how to put together some great Thai dishes. I would also strongly recommend the veggie spring rolls as well as the beef and broccoli.
2	Still on a search to find good, authentic Chinese food in No. Scottsdale, we decided to give Sesame Inn a try.  Bottom line is ... we are still searching.  First clue that it wasn't going to go well ... no chopsticks on the table and we were never offered any.  Second clue ... after ordering, the waitress said, "That comes with white rice."  To say that to a Chinese couple is like a slap in the face.  Of course it should come with white rice!  The food is edible, but I wouldn't rave about it .  I could make the same dishes at home for a fraction of the price. The previous review by Flippitti is right on.  It's certainly not worth the prices.  In fact, the size of the portions you are served make it a complete ripoff.  We had the chicken with string beans and the salt and pepper shrimp.  I am 5'1" and 105 lbs. and could have eaten both orders by myself.  Needless to say, we left hungry and $36 poorer.  The salt and pepper shrimp is traditionally made with the shell still on and at some Chinese restaurants with the head on.  Their version (we assume to cater to American tastes) is made without the shells.  In order to accomplish this, they coat the shrimp with a dry, cardboard tasting flour mixture.  Then to disguise the fact that for $17, they are only serving you 8 small/medium size (not even large) shrimp, they pile them on top of a bed chopped green onions and cilantro.  By the way, the order of white rice that they so generously gave us with the entrees, was larger than the 2 entrees combined!  What was more amazing is that people kept coming in.  We couldn't understand it . Don't people get that they are paying out the nose for mediocre, pseudo Asian/Chinese food?  Would rather make the drive to Nee House in PV or even Chandler/Phoenix to get our Chinese food fix.
5	Like how they give you tea when sitting down to eat here. Love the bowls that the rice comes in and love how there is a lot of rice for the entrees here. The miso soup is very good and I definitely recommend getting it. I got the chicken with string beans and it remind me of the meal similar to that at P.F. Changs, very delicious and everyone should try it!
4	The Sesame Inn is great.  It is tradition, old school chinese food.  Not all the hyped up, twisted things you get at other 'Asian' places around Scottsdale.  This place is down home.  I've had many different dishes here and always been satisfied.  It will taste like Chinese food you have had before in larger cities.  Hard to find around Scottsdale area.  Staff alway courteous and service is spot on.  They remove dishes from the table immediately and will get you on your way quickly if you want to go.  I could stay longer and have some more food though!!
1	This place looks nice and is pricy for a Chinese Restauant.  We were staying at the Bouders resort and decided to try this place because its across the street. .This place is not very good at all.  The food is greasy and portions small.Please save yourself some money and don't eat there.  We could not even finish our food because its so nasty.  We had to order pizza againBecause we were still hungry.
5	This was our first visit. It certainly won't be our last. Charming atmosphere, not too noisy. Very friendly service...and quick. The food was some of the best Chinese we've had a while. Their version of egg drop soup was outstanding. We combined House Fried Rice with Kung Pao chicken. Delicious!
4	Quick and simple Chinese food. Lunch combos include egg drop soup or salad, fried rice, egg roll and fried wonton for about about 10 bucks. My favorites are the Kung Pao Chicken, General Chu's Chicken, and I've heard great things about the Shrimp with Lobster Sauce. Get it with brown rice to save a few calories. I stay away from oriental dishes containing beef unless I know they're using high quality steak. That goes for any restaurant. I believe they're family-owned and operated. The staff is always very nice and will chat with us if we have enough time. We're usually in a rush, so they expedite our lunches and we're in and out the door in less than 30 minutes. The prices may be on the high side, but you don't have many alternatives in the area aside from Pei Wei, and you'll pay the same there.Great for take-out too!
2	Good food but WAY WAY over priced. Small on portions, big on price! Nice staff, old worn out/tired decor. If I want to spend lots of money there are NICE and updated restaurants in Scottsdale to choose from. Being located in Cave Creek/Carefree does not give license to overcharge their patrons. Likely won't be back.
5	We found our special occasion Chinese food place in our new neighborhood! Friendly and informative staff and GREAT food. The Alcohol drinks were a bit marginal, but we found out it was the waitress that makes them, so next time we will just skip it or stick with something easy!  Will definitely go back!
5	How can you rate a place bad because of price?  If you are staying at The Boulders I am guessing that the price of food is not an object.  If you are expecting Panda Express then go find one.  There might be one around the Wal-Mart off Carefree Hwy and Cave Creek.  I bet you Price Haters complain at Morton's, Mastro's, Ocean Club, Tonto, Cartwrights, Harolds, and Black Mtn. Coffee shop.  Probably can not afford to go to these places.  This area Scottsdale, Carefree, and Old Town Cave Creek in not for a person on a beer budget it is pricey...might be too pricey for a beer budget $5.00/bottle for domestic beer.  So Expect High Prices.Whew, awesome food, start off with Wor Won-ton soup, order lunch salad, salt and pepper shrimp, House Fried Rice & Noodles.Great Place and service.  Great at any price...same as Tonto, Cartwrights etc.Ta Ta you price haters go to Panda and find something to bitch about there.
1	Ordered takeout for 4 and was told our bill was $84.00.  When hubby went to pick up order they said they made a "mistake" adding the order the first time and now the bill was $110.00!  A $26.00 mistake adding!  Just said they were sorry.  Had we not had out of town guests we would have left the whole order.  HOW can they not add correctly as we were on hold for 5 minutes waiting for the total.  Never order from here again.
4	This is really solid Americanized Chinese food. I live just about a mile away, so we get take-out every now and then. I honestly believe the low reviews are because of the fairly high prices. I do wish they would lower their prices--we would get take-out more frequently if they did because their food is good. Our last take-out order, we got the moo-shu pork, shrimp with vegetables, house fried rice, and one egg roll. Our total with tax was $40 (as for the reviewer who ordered for four and their total was $110 - they must have ordered a crazy ton of food. My family doesn't eat like pigs). This fed my family of four for dinner, and I had enough leftover for my lunch the next day (a big lunch too. I was stuffed). Quantities are not always very big. I love moo-shu pork, but they give you very little for $10. If you eat it in the restaurant, they roll it into only two pancakes and serve it like that. If you empty those two pancakes, it amounts to very little, but it's still very tasty. I also like to take my daughter here so we can sip tea while we wait for our meal. The ambiance is lovely.Anyhow, if you need a Chinese fix, this is a good place, but be prepared to spend more than you would at your typical cheap Chinese place. The food is good, though, the decor charming, and the service friendly.
3	I told my daughter, let's just grab some pedestrian uninspired generic Chinese food.  And that's exactly what you get.   But it is like just getting a fast food burger, you set the bar fairly low.  This restaurant will meet your reduced expectations  food hot, quick, boring and was fine for me as far as to portion size, but I think most people would expect more quantity for the price Nice service, quiet when we were there   They did screw up my bill by adding a $25 tip accidentally.  Quickly dealt with, but check your bill  I live down the road so it's not a big deal for me, but for gods sake don't drive from anywhere south of 101.  Cave Creek and Carefree have lots of great fun restaurants unique to the town atmosphere, this is not one of them.  The Sesame inn could be in Lincoln, Nebraska or Fargo, ND. You have been to this restaurant before somewhere in America  and, if you're like me some days that's all you need from Chinese food.  Some days.  Just not a lot of days. That was me, my daughter hated her meal, and brought it home for the dogs   C'est la vie
2	I visited here with my dad for lunch.  Frankly, I thought it was terrible.  However, the beer was nice and cold - so gotta love that.  My dad seemed to kind-of enjoy his meal, which makes me wonder if I ordered poorly.  But the thing is....I can't even remember what I ordered.  I know the egg drop soup was just god awful.  I tried pouring in about a gallon of soy sauce, but no dice.  It was a meal that I hardly ate and 30 minutes that I will never get back.  I don't think I'll go here again when I am down visiting my dad.But, they get two stars because my dad said his meal was, "fine."  And, again, cold beer.
5	Just had a late dinner here. The food was delicious and the service was great and very polite! I had the teriyaki chicken and the flavors were right on point! Great place to go! I'll definitely be back!
5	We ate here for the first time the other night.  We were at a friends house up the street and decided to go have some dinner.  It was pretty late and close to closing time.  When we walked in we were greeted by the staff who was very friendly.  I really enjoyed having the tea at our table.  When our food arrived I was quite suprised.  It was great!  Decent portions and very deliscious.  I live in central Phoenix but I will make the drive to eat here again.  It was a little pricey but the quailty of the food was worth it.  Yummy!
5	Our favorite local Asian style food!  We have huge battles over the leftover Chow Mai Gun/ Singapore noodles.  Not cheap but a good value at lunch.   No delivery :(
4	We live about 5 miles away and whenever I get the cravings for Ma Po Tofu, that's where we go. Their fried rice is very flavorful and satisfying all on its own (the entree, not part of lunch menu). I think their special dishes like cucumber soup, Ma Po Tofu are what sets them apart from other places. I've had their lunch specials and sure, I wasn't impressed and I would give them less stars had they been the only thing I've tried. Please give their cucumber soup a try! When a friend ordered it for us it sounded a bit unusual but shrimp was so succulent and tender plus the soup offered delicious mixture of sour and savory taste that will have you craving for it. So there you have it... My 3 favorite items! I will be back to try the mayo shrimp next time!
1	This place is AWFUL. I'm sorry, there's just no nice way of saying it. I picked up my food and while waiting for it, there was a man complaining about his meal and asking for his money back. This should have thwarted me but I ended up paying 30 dollars for this crappy food. We order the sweet and sour chicken. The sauce has a strange flavor, unlike the traditional red sauce, this was orange and bland. Almost like jello. We also ordered the egg drop soup, which was very thick and had an odd taste to it, seemed old. And also ordered the crab puffs which were bland, room temp, and just tasteless. Way too expensive, I paid 30 bucks for food we ended up just throwing away. Do not recommend for those who love a good Chinese spot.
4	i do like their moo shu but it's only served with 2 pancakes.    most restaurants give 4.   their prices are a bit high.   lunch specials runs around $9.50.   other chinese restaurants are less.    their wonton soup is really good.the sesame inn also needs to be cleaner.     there's dust all over the ceilings and hanging lights which is so bad i'm afraid it's going to fall in my food.     they're making a lot of money -- get someone in there to clean the place.
5	Been going here about once a week.  Yes, the decor is older and the food is 'traditional chinese'!!  If you are in love with PF Changs (which I do like) or some other new fangled version of Chinese food - do not come here.  If you are under 30, you may not like this place because you want hip and excitement and don't even know what Chinese food from 25 years ago is like or should be.  I recommend this place over and over.   For those who say it is expensive, well i would like to know where you are eating that is less expensive in North Scottsdale area.   If you are from out of town, hello, everything is expensive here.  This is a nice family owned restaurant and I've never had ANY rude experiences.  They are very nice !!  Thank you Sesame Inn!!!
