4	I recently purchased a Groupon for a one time treatment to get rid of mosquitos. It worked!I must have sweet blood because the moment I walk outside mosquitos get me. I debated whether or not to get my house treated because I have a dog and chickens, but after investigating their spray, it said it is safe. The treatment lasts for approximately 21 days and you don't have to be home for them to come.Scheduling was fairly easy and they came to my house within a few days...and I'm free to roam my yard without getting eaten alive!
5	My backyard is pretty bad when it comes to mosquitos. So, when I decided to have my wedding and reception in my back yard, I knew citronella wasn't going to be adequate for me and my many guests. I found this Mosquito Guard on Living Social and had them come out four days before my wedding. Everyone I dealt with we're very pleasant and accommodating. The man who sprayed my backyard was on time and quick. But, a few days later I was working on setting up my backyard for the party and I got bit up pretty good. So, the day of my wedding, I called them back to explain that I got bit the day before and that I have a wedding taking place here today. Much to my relief, they were back within the hour to do a second spray and it made all the difference in the world. Customer service is on point. Great job Mosquito Guard!
5	This service is great and I love that the spray is pet and plant safe.   I was amazed by the difference just one spray helped.  The morning before Mosquito Guard came, I had just added 10 new bites to my collection.    That evening I did a bit more of gardening and did not have one bite!
1	Unbelievably poor customer service and a total lack of customer care.  Over the summer, we purchased a Living Social deal that we redeemed and scheduled 3 and a half weeks in advance for a children's party in our backyard.  Unfortunately, the day of the party they were a no-show, and we we left fending for ourselves.  When we manically tried to contact them multiple times throughout the day (before the party), we received a VMs, and left messages begging them to come out to help us out.  In response, they called back with anger and a total unprofessional attitude claiming we were being rude and out of line.  All we wanted was a call back, and for them to honor the appointment.   Still nearly 4 months after our appointment, they have yet to refund us or reschedule even after multiple request!  BUYER BEWARE!  Not sure if their product works, but do yourself a favor and check out other companies.
