3	There isn't much to say about Blockbuster, but it's safe to say that this particular Blockbuster stands out for the helpful staff here. Video rental stores are a dying breed and are losing a ton of business to rivals like Netflix and Redbox. A big downer about this Blockbuster is that they no longer have the ice cream box inside :( An employee explained that they lost their contract so I'm predicting that this Blockbuster is going under soon and fast! If you keep an eye on the place, you might get lucky to tale advantage of a store liquidation!They also have a used DVD section with pre-watched stock of popular titles for cheap. If I'm feeling up for a drive, I'll come by this Blockbuster if I really want to catch a movie and stay home. Or if Netflix doesn't already have it for streaming, I may not go at all. =/ Good luck to you, Blockbuster!
3	There is Blockbuster left in this town!  But you're going to have to make a drive up north if you want to see it.Typical Blockbuster set-up: older movies in the middle, used movies to the right you can purchase, junky movie posters and video games over to the left, candy and drinks by the check-out counter, and new releases around the wall.  Is it just me or are the "new" releases sitting out longer and longer?  I swear some of these movies came out on DVD six months ago...I obviously prefer RedBox for new releases because it's more affordable, but if I'm looking to watch an older movie or a TV series then Blockbuster's got me covered.Friendly employees and the store is clean and well-organized.
2	They put a sign that says 75% off on frames then i went to pay for it they said its full price ( wrong info ) , making the customer confuse...
2	First let me say that this a nice store that's well maintained, helpful staff (mostly), and has a large selection.  But I'd like to thank a Lisa for my last experience.Thank you Lisa for keeping me on hold for ten minutes and forgetting about me. And when I called you from a second line you answered quickly and didn't immediately apologize because you said I didn't give you a chance.  My fault.  And thank you for never admitting to forgetting about me but blaming it on being alone. To be fair you did offer to check other stores for my movies that your store didn't have. Thank you. Contrition goes a long way with your customers.There are multiple reasons to why Blockbusters are going the way of the dinosaurs and you are one of them.
