4	I do not think you can have GOOD, CHEAP tools, but you can have cheap tools at a good price, therefore it is a good cheap tool by default.This store has somehow captured one of my obsessive compulsive habits.  Deals, Coupons, and somehow luring me in for things that I may need just once, maybe.  What I like about this place is that you can always find good values here.....sure its made in China, but hey, if I use it just ONCE, then it has served its purpose. I am not sure that I would buy a generator here, or anything that my life may depend on, but for a one time job, or for those who need a few tools to get started to earn money to buy real tools, then this is the place.I have found that this place can be addictive, search for the sales, be patient, then use that almighty 20% off coupon in the paper and automotive magazines, and it keeps bringing you back.I have found myself stopping by here twice a day sometimes....( I may need to seek professional help for that), but believe me, this place is worth the visit. Need a coupon, just hit me up.......NCFoodGuy
3	Yep it's cheap tools, Yep if ya get the power tools your gonna be disappointed.I buy things like Crowbars, axes, tools i won't use often from here or ones that like the crowbars, axes etc. that i'm going to be pounding on demolition projects. I wouldn't buy anything with many moving parts or that your going to use often because yes it's true "You get what you pay for".Good deals on Tarps too. Great coupons and pefect if you want to just put some basic tools in secondary toolbox or place to have around without spending a lot.IMO, don't buy drill bits or driver bits either....they strip and break with ease. Way to cheap especial on masonry or metal works. Still how do you make a profit on a Sledge hammer that you make and ship from China and sell here for $7.99?
4	Oops. I went in here with the intent of browsing for a short list of things were nice to have. And I left with over $200 worth of things that I didn't know that I desperately needed. I had to go back outside to get a shopping cart because the fire extinguisher and the ratchet set were too heavy to lug around the store while I found work gloves and an adjustable wrench and a big tarpaulin (camouflage, of course!) and a hand crank flashlight and yes, while I am here, I really do need a $5 machete. It's like they're pumping some sort of "buy me" into the air. I don't know what the hell happened, but dammit, I need all of this stuff!Harbor Freight, I hate you. I love you, but I hate you.
