1	I was the only one in line, and it still took 15 minutes to get my order. When I finally received my order, they were missing half of it and almost let me walk away. When I did get the food it was cold, and the soda was semi-flat. I would not recommend this place, and will not be returning.
3	Although I admit that the service at this restaurant is painfully slow at times, I think their food is excellent.  I love their chicken and probably eat here (or at the sister store in Waterloo) at least once a week.
1	i think the one star is way to much .Myself and my wife went there for lunch we ordered 2- 3 piece chicken tenders combo's (about $20) we waited about 10 -15 minutes to get the food (a little long when we were they only people in the place). We got our food and mine was the left over from earlier my wife was Ok so I took them back up and asked them to give me some that were hot she said Ok it will be 5 to 6 minutes i said Ok, well after I got the order back I started eating and the second and third piece was raw in the middle ,so we went and told them she said ohhhh sorry we said you can kill people with this way of cooking. i would never go back if they offered me the store..................think about going here
3	For years we have seen Popeye's Chicken advertised on American television networks, so we were pleased when we found one here in Kitchener.The comments about service being painfully slow were still true today.  There was no one ahead of us in line, one family seated and eating, and yet it took 10-15 minutes for two small meals.  This was due to the chicken needing to be cooked fresh, but the fries were ready and cooked.The rip'n' chicken combo for $4.99 was an okay deal.  It's a chicken breast basically cut into chicken fingers, breaded, and fried, so it looks like a hand (easy for children and simple to eat). It also includes a medium soft drink and cajun fries (the only kind of fries).The chicken was fresh and juicy.  The breading is chewy and doesn't have much flavour.  The chicken and breading was noticeably less salty and less greasy than KFC.The fries were sitting under the heat lamp and were stale. They tasted freezer burnt and just didn't taste like they were fresh or quality potatoes.  I would suggest trying another side, like the cajun rice or mac 'n' cheese.Their dipping sauces are good: they have a blackened ranch sauce and a cajun mustard sauce, which has horseradish. They were a spicy complement to the chicken fingers.This location charges 90 cents for pop refills. I'm not sure if this is location specific or  Popeyes' policy, but they're clearly out of sync with restaurants like McDonald's or KFC offering free refills.In all, this is a welcome contrast to KFC: different, delicious, but lacking some of the customer service traits to drive customers into the restaurant.
1	unfriendly staff, food wasn't cooked very well, place is worn out and has a funny smell to it...Never will i go back there, this place is dying.I am new to the area, but i learned not to eat here. They either need to close or to renovate the place and change "unhappy" staff
4	By far the best fried Chicken from a fast food restaurant.  However they do miss out on the fast food concept.  As with everyone else coments the service is painfully slow, even if your the only one in the store.  However the fried chicken is so good compared to you know who's with 9 secret ingredients (8 of which I think is salt)  I continue to give them my service based on food alone.  It seems when I do order a 3 pc. tender's I usually get and extra piece or two for the wait any ways with out asking so it kinda makes up for it.
1	Will not order from here again. Ordered online, they said it would be 45 min, then they updated that it would be 55 min, then it ended up being almost an hour and a half for cold fries and meh-warm chicken. Very disappointed. This was the first time we ordered/ate from Popeyes. We wanted something simple and tasty for supper as I had been out all day. The biscuits were so salty that 3 out of 4 of us couldn't eat them (salty on one side only). The onion rings were cold and chewy. ... I really feel terrible that we spent so much money on this food. It would have been cheaper to go to Crabby Joes as it was Sunday (and kids eat free), but we wanted to try something new and thought we'd change it up for the kids. Very disappointed. Our pop was cold! That was about the only thing perfect in our order. :(I am updating this as my husband wanted me to mention that he had to microwave his food to get it warm enough to be edible and the onion rings and fries tasted refried, and rubbery.
