5	I have been coming here for over two years and always have Lien cut my hair.  No appointment needed,but you can call ahead to schedule.  Great price at $12 for men with good service.  I like going to a hair place that knows what cut you like.    Also nice that they are open for us 9 to 5 types to be able to get a cut after work.
5	Lien, the shop owner, has been my barber for over 6 years now.  I follow her since she was cutting at Sport Clips.  Lien is the best, she listen to her client and cut exactly how they want it.  The shop offer 10th cut for free.
5	This place is awesome they listen to what you want and sometimes get something extra!!!
5	I love this place!  Lien and Tiffany are amazing!!  Very friendly and always a great experience as well an awesome job with my hair! :-)
5	My boys and I have been going to sports cut for around 5 years now,  Lien will cut my hair and Tiffany will cut my boys hair. But every time you go in there it feels like your part of their family. They always listen to how you want your hair cut. I'll even tell Lien to do what ever she wants with my hair and it always turns out great. I would definitely recommend sport cut salon.
5	Lien Nguyen has the best service and friendliest staff in town and you can't beat her prices. She is also one of the best people I know. God and Buddha bless your business and your family Lien! Love Lien!!!Larry R.
5	My boys and I have been going to sports cut for around 5 years now,  Lien will cut my hair and Tiffany will cut my boys hair. But every time you go in there it feels like your part of their family. They always listen to how you want your hair cut. I'll even tell Lien to do what ever she wants with my hair and it always turns out great. I would definitely recommend sport cut salon.
5	This is the only place I really trust to get my hair cut! Lynn is great with the zero fade!! Her apprentice Tiffany is awesome as well!! Not only me but the whole family gets trimmed here now!! Great prices with a rewards card
5	I'm a regular weekly I've been coming here over 3 years almost 4. The best service, great customer service, Lynn, Tiffany and Kathy. I recommend coming here.
5	Love this place. Debbie, Lynn, Tiffany and Kathy have all done my hair for past 3 years and all great! I have a lot of hair and they're always patient, and can work together to be efficient. In and out in no time, with a great look to my expectations.  Great experience overall,  relaxed and fun people. Highly recommend!!!
5	My regular hairdresser moved and so I've been looking for a salon that does a great cut and has customer service to match.  I called for an appointment and got one right away for my father and myself. When we arrived, all the stylists greeted us and immediately got us seated.  Kathy took care of my father's hair, and even came over to tell me he had a spot on one side where the hair sticks out when its short.  Tiffany did my cut.  She asked what I wanted done and did exactly as I said.  She was very pleasant and did a great job with my hair. She asked if I wanted product applied afterwards (i didnt) and if I wanted her to dry it (I did).  Tiffany is excellent, the shop hums, other customers seemed happy.  I will definitely be back.  Thank you!
5	I got a great cut and great service, at a great price. And that's exactly what I wanted. Kathy is a sweetheart! I'll be back...
5	Lien Nguyen and her wonderful staff are so professional, kind and thorough!I searched for 2 years until I finally found a place that cuts my hair for my face not your average cut.Also Lien Nguyen  has recommended some products for my hair that have made my hair healthy and shinny!!!This is the best place for men in the city.Thank you!!!I love you guys!!
5	I've been coming here ever since the shop opened, the owner and the staff are excellent.Customer Service: Superb! they are very friendly and nice, always listened to customer's request.Price: Very affordable compared to the other haircut places and salons around the area, they also give a promo after 10 haircuts for men the 11th one is free, it gives you an incentive to come back, no other salon does that.Verdict: Excellent customer service, Very affordable, great products and service quality! you couldn't ask for a better place to get a haircut and more, there is no other place like sports cuts.I highly recommend this place to everyone.-Miguel
4	Not bad for a "quick fix" haircut. Was kind of suspicious at first but turned out good. Price is nothing to complain about so guess beggers can't be choosy.
1	An employee that works at this salon posted an ad for hair salon services.  She was busy with another customer so I waited for her.  The other two hair stylists bickered back and forth about how much she was charging for my hair service in front of me for about an hour.  I finally asked if there was a problem with me waiting for her.  I told them I did not have a problem paying more which probably would have been $20 more if they had been professional about the whole thing.  I just couldn't believe how classless these stylist's were to talk about the whole thing in front of me like I wasn't there.  Instead I went somewhere were I ended paying $120 but for a professional experience.  I must remember for the future - quality over quantity.
5	Great customer service and excellent work! They're honest,  will not sell you up for unwanted services and sooo personal. I'll be back. Feels like family, they call everyone by their name (even if you're a new client)!  :-D
1	Went in Sunday for a cut for my first time since my usual barber shop was close for my two little nephews. Since I walked i wasn't sure I should of let the two ladies cut my nephews hair. They right away sat them down they asked how they wanted it cut so I explained three times how I wanted them to cut it, they said ok and pretend to know what they were doing and said that my last barber shop didn't know what they were doing and went right ahead and did a terrible job on two "Comb Overs Fade " for my youngest nephew the line was not noticeable and went from really thick to really skinny. And there was a lot of long hair towards the back of this head. The older of my nephews he wasn't that bad not going to lie just that the lady can't do a perfect line she did a zig zag line in the back of this headline in the neck area. I truly couldn't believe how they claimed to know what they were doing and yet do a shitty job , but you know what's worst how in here in yelp they get so "good" reviews. THE WORST! Defiantly not worth $10.00 cut. I pay $15.00 for a kids cut but I know that it will be done right and not by two mediocre two wanna be hair stylist . You can guarantee I will never go back.
