4	Pack & Ship Promise Location* located in the Targe/Kohl's Shopping center
3	Pros: conveniently located (for me) in the Target/Kohl's shopping center, quick in and out when I come in to drop off UPS items with a label already printed. Cons: parking sucks unless you park to the North, smells like Tropical Smoothie food in here. I can say that I only use this location to drop off packages when I have already printed a UPS label at my office. But when the staff checks in my packages they are friendly and quick. They have fax, copy, UPS and USPS services at this location. You can buy boxes, tape and other packing and shipping materials as well. I know that you can also bring in your item that needs shipped and for a fee (not sure on the price) they will package it up properly for you. Overall, this is one of the better UPS Stores I've been to. Way better than the one on South Las Vegas Blvd where the employees smell and are grumpy (no joke).
4	Came in early morning to deposit a check to my USAA account and all went well. If I ever have to visit this location it will be EARLY in the morning. Why? So I don't have to deal with the traffic and the tiny parking lot. Any way I was the only customer in there so everything went by pretty quickly. The girl who worked there was friendly and we even started up some convo while waiting for the check to go through. As a USAA member I am really happy this location takes deposits since there's no actual bank in town!
1	I would give this place 0 stars if it would let me. Worst possible customer service possible. Who does not use common sense and sends an open package without sealing it? These upstanding service professionals that is who. Then who has the audacity to argue about it? You guessed it, these guys. I will be going to Fed Ex from now on.
4	What can I say about this UPS store? I only come here whenever I have to drop off my rentals because it's the closest UPS store to me. I already have a UPS label printed out and my items already packaged in a box. The parking lot near the UPS store is tiny and shares it with a Tropical Smoothie Cafe (along with its driveway) so parking sucks.However, the employees inside the store are polite and quick. I hand them my package, they give me my receipt, and I'm done. That's all I can really ask of my UPS store.
4	staffs are friendly and they made sure that the 2 long bridesmaid dresses that I sent is well package.  :)) though im not very familiar with shipping cost but it cost me $55 including the boxes and bubble wrap. so it might be a little costly
5	The Staff there gives exceptional service. They also have a notary service on site and are opened on Saturday too. You will get a discount on your purchases there, if you tell them, or remind them, that you are a AARP member. I highly recommend this store for it's great staff and helpful service.
5	Great job today by the friendly, helpful staff at this UPS store. They helped me box a large 82 lb. shipment and send it out. Other shipping places like Safe Ship, and Box Bros both quoted me $75 to box the item I was shipping. This store staff boxed it for $23.00. What a savings !!! Great place to go for 5 Star Service.
