4	Don't be fooled.  The address isn't to the McDonald's in the photo.  This McDonalds is actually located in the Wal*Mart across the street.They used to have workers there that were really unprofessional, but they shaped up their workers recently, I think.  The food is pretty good, can't complain.  Being in a Wal*Mart, they bring out the food pretty fast because it gets pretty busy at certain hours.  I do like this McDonald's and it's good because they're pretty much 24-hours.  Except for that one hour they close at 1am.  ^_^
4	This McDonald's is located inside the Walmart at the Arroyo Crossing shopping center.  Since it's our local Walmart, we pass by this Mickey D's all the time.  More often than not, the Husband convinces me that he's hungry and wants to grab a snack while we're there.  Usually it's something easy like their Hot N Spicy Chicken Sandwich, but other times we've sat down for a full meal.My most recent find discovery was during Halloween.  They were selling these Halloween Treat books for $1 each!  Inside were coupons for free apple dippers, free small cones, and free apple juice or milk jugs.  You get a total of 12 coupons for $1!  What a deal!  And what makes this location cooler than others is that they even offered it!  (I tried purchasing more at another location and they didn't offer it!)Overall, they are pretty efficient and professional than some of the other McDonald's I've been to in Vegas.
3	Ive been there several times and everytime it was fast service but the food was cold.
4	This location exclusively has 8pm-4am midnight snack of 6 piece nugget + small fries for $1.99! This location is inside the Walmart at Arroyo Crossing. It is probably very convenient and I always fall for the fact that it is in Walmart when I shop here. The staff are very nice and quick about taking the customer's orders and food are always pretty quick. There usually is a line of 1-2 when I visit but that could probably just be the time I get there.I never had any 'problems' with the food that they 'served' me.I think the unique thing was the midnight snack advertisement they have. If you are here between 8PM - 4AM, they have a special of 6 piece chicken nugget + a small fry for 1.99 which is something I never seen advertised at other McDonald places.
3	It was a McDonald's ... no just a McDonald's, but a McDonald's in a Walmart - it don't get better than this!   We had very good service. Food made "fresh" - but the people after us were ignored at the counter.  As for McDonald's, I think this one is not bad - just do not go and expect to feel good later.
3	Inside of Walmart so no drive thru. Gets crowded easily, especially with carts in the way. Sticky counters. You don't wanna bump into the trashcans cause they're covered in ketchup. Never have to wait long though and employees are usually pretty nice. Same stuff you'd get at any McD's.
5	I strongly like this location.  Very clean, well taken care of. I notice people constantly sweeping, mopping, emptying the trashes. I watch them wash their hands.Some of the staff know exactly how i order my burger. Great customer service. General Manager here is really nice. Always served up hot food because it's inside a Walmart Supercenter. There is NO wifi, drive thru or Playground at this location.The playground & WiFi location is up the street at Badura AVE. Yelp link below.http://www.yelp.com/biz/mcdonalds-las-vegas-53
