3	Yeah it is okay. I don't like the ATM fees they charge on stuff. I mean the gas is cheap, but then you have to carry around cash. Usually pretty busy and stuff too. Its right next to the airport so you get a ton of cab drivers and people coming and going to the strip.
4	As far as gas stations go, this is one of my favorites do to location, prices and food. Yes.... Food.... Well gas station food that is, LOL. Prices are fair and they have a decent hot selection of all the gas station goodies you can imagine. Hot dogs, taquitos, sandwiches with mystery meat etc....
1	Was a mediocre store, now it's just worthless. They don't have credit card readers at each pump - they have one reader in the middle for all of the pumps. They also recently got rid of most of their bottled soda flavors, opting for just a few of the most popular flavors. (No root beer... No Coke Zero... Etc...)   .
4	Cheap gas and convenience mart in one, near the Strip- across from the Hilton Casino and behind the Riviera Casino (most likely gets lots of foot traffic from nearby convention attendants too). Pretty busy location for tourists, locals, and even cabbies too.I used to go here a lot (this was my #1 go-to gas spot) since it's convenient to my house, but this is before I started using mid-grade gas at Chevron and Shell. It was always a different person at the cashier counter (went inside to pay); expect a line, though. The grounds were kept up (always saw a person cleaning up, too), and surprisingly didn't get hit up for a dollar by a so-called homeless person. I didn't really get anything else here, except gas, so I can't really speak for the convenience mart part of this place. I don't usually buy food at these kinds of places. If you want to get gas at a good price, just off of the Strip, avoiding Strip prices, this is the place to go.
3	***This Arco is a decent gas station in Las Vegas; they have competitive prices and their ampm has a big selection of junk food; it is also not that long of a drive if you are staying at the MGM Grand***If you are just stopping in for a snack, this Arco (like almost all of their other locations out there) has a few free parking spaces available.
4	I am a fan for this swiss army knife of a convenience store and gas station. It is safely within walking distance from home. Perfect for hailing a cab. Picking up some forgotten items on the way home. Gas prices are usually a little higher; being UNLV/Strip/Airport adjacent. It does most things well in a pinch.  When your gas range is at 5miles. When you're dragging ass and need a good deal on energy drink. When you need to get a couple two liters or some in a pinch booze. This is the jumpoff.. and end of your weekend as a visitor... other than that, as a local, I'm jist glad it's there.
