4	The concierge at our hotel recommended this place for us when we asked about renting kayaks for Salt River. I called up to ask for rates and specifics. The owner goes by Captain Ted and he was more than patient in explaining the rates. Despite the short notice, we made an appointment to drop by the next morning to pick up two kayaks. He strapped the boats onto the top of our rental car, went over all the equipment we needed, and took the time to explain which parts of the river we should explore. Captain Ted works out of his private residence is located 20 minutes from Salt River. His rates are fair and he was a joy to do business with.
5	I've rented from Captain Ted many times, and even gone on one of his guided trips down the Salt River. He is helpful and very knowledgeable and I would highly recommend renting here.
5	Captain Ted is awesome!! He is so helpful and efficient. Our Boy Scout Troop has rented kayaks from him for several years and he always gives us great service. He is friendly, helpful, and his equipment is great quality. A pleasure to do business with him!
5	Captain Ted and his rental business is the best in town. He's extremely knowledgeable and very helpful. His rates are fair. To keep his inventory fresh, he frequently sells his boats and equipment at a good price.  He can modify the seats or practically anything else on the boat to meet your individual needs. for example, I wanted a more comfortable (read padded) seat for my Swifty kayak. I paddle with the Southwest Outdoor Club down the Salt River about six to ten times a year. I recommend Ted and his rentals to all my friends.
5	Our troop rented kayaks from the Captain again this year and his service was superb once more! This year he provided us with several brand new kayaks! His equipment is always in great shape. As always he is very easy to deal with and makes sure that we always get what we need. He is a great person to deal with.
5	Capt Ted and his wife were awesome. Their main focus is to make sure you have an awesome experience. These are the types of local businesses that I like to support.
