5	Central Library is undoubtedly my favourite library and one of my favourite places to hang out in Edinburgh. It's a veritable treasure trove for the literary minded and a great place to spend a few hours if you're a bit skint. The ground floor has a large selection of books; ranging from fictional novels to foreign language titles to travel guides, it also has a good selection of DVDs that are far cheaper to rent than those in video shops. The first floor reading room is like taking a step back in time, there is a beautiful domed ceiling and lots of ancient reference books. There are tables where you can read newspapers and computers where you can browse the internet for free - all in wonderful, deathly silence. Bliss.
5	Boy oh boy, this place is book heaven!Central Library is very conveniently placed just off the Royal Mile (the name doesn't lie, it's in the heart of the city centre). Upon entering through the front door I was transported into another time and environment. Compared to the bustle of the high street it's serene and peaceful, with a few booths placed around if you want to read a book entombed in the quiet.Its ground floor is open plan and very easy to navigate. Here, books aren't just separated into "History" and "Fiction" categories, but each is filed into different departments. They have a good English literature section for students, an excellent number of foreign language materials and their history books are parted off into various time periods and relevant countries. Along with an impressive amount of general fiction including new releases, they also have a smaller section of kids, a section for young adults and I was pleased to see graphic novels getting representation. Additionally, there are audio books and DVD's for your perusal, although the latter were mostly dated. However, there were some classic films peeking out of the shelf for avid film buffs.Upstairs they have a reference section and some records. There's free Wifi and other such library facilities, including printing and scanning devices! I just love the look of this library - makes me feel like I'm in a 40s film noir crime movie. I know it's what's on the inside that counts and all that jazz, but damn, I love the general maudlin aesthetic of this place!
4	I love geeking it up in here. Not that I'm saying reading books or hanging out in libraries is geeky, it's actually cool to be a geek. The Central Library is a great haven of peace and general silencio on George IV Bridge, if you're in that mood where loud noises and crowds and traffic are annoying you.It's a pretty big place, with several floors of...well...books, tables for reading and studying, and some computers as well. As long as you have a library card, you can get free internet access here for an hour or so. There's also Wi-Fi now, which has been brilliant for me, because I am the most susceptible person to distraction ever, so working at home can sometimes be almost impossible, and I struggle with cafes at the best of times too. There's just too many people to watch and outfits to analyse. Working at the library is always a good concentration call, and they have plenty of space for people to beaver away at their homework/articles/crossword etc. There's an awesome feeling of history to the building too, so while you're working away you can imagine yourself one day, after that long awaited intellectual breakthrough, being written about or being a writer and then placed in book form on one of the shelves. Everyone has a book in them and all that banter.
4	Right in the middle of town, this place is godsend. Free WiFi thats dependable and that you can access all throughout the building (unlike Glasgow's Mitchel, where wireless can't penetrate through the 3rd floor for some reason...the matrix maybe?).I have one thing to add, the toilets are a good 7 flights down, so I'm not sure how any disabled yelpers get down there?
5	One of my first stops when I moved to Edinburgh was the Central Library, where I signed up and started borrowing piles of books out. Even the building this library is housed in is lovely.Everyone knows that there's been a decline in libraries over the past decade or so due to cheaper books, the Internet and decline in reading. Yet still we manage to produce great libraries like this, with fantastic collection of classic fiction, non fiction, reference and (particularly good in Edinburgh library) graphic novels.As Edinburgh's Central Library, this is probably the best place to come to find that book you're looking for or order one in. It's the biggest library and is well staffed.Another key feature of the Central Library is the Scottish Room, located downstairs. This a great collection of all things pertaining to Scotland from history to maps. Just upstairs is the Edinburgh Room too. This is where you come if you want to view any old documents relating to Edinburgh such as old newspapers. I used this room while researching for a project and found it very useful.This library also hosts activities throughout the year, particularly useful for children, such as under 5's story time (as well as the library having a good children's collection).A fantastic library in a lovely building with a great collection. If you have any queries or problems, the staff are delighted to help you out. Highly recommended.
3	This is Edinburgh's Library for normal books and I have to be honest I was a bit disappointed.  I was expecting something vast to match the National Library, but for all the common books, but I've seen better stocked village libraries (okay very good village ones, but this is a capital city).Having a look around I go to see if there are any books to help me with my course that I couldn't find in the University Library, but the books here aren't actually that good.  Even those covering a basic level of expertise aren't the best in their field; I've owned books better than some in here.  It's disappointing that it fails when it should be the big city centre library for those who don't want the fuss of the National Library.
4	I have always been a fan of central library, maybe slightly bias as my aunt used to work there, but overall it is a great alternative to the National Library across the road. Firstly, the building is very impressive with its almost Gothic architecture. Inside, there are a number of large reading rooms holding various collections as well as some smaller rooms. Behind the scenes books are kept in bookcases which are cramped between low floors and connected with metal spiral staircases - very cool indeed! Inside, any resident of Edinburgh can sign up to use the fantastic facilities on offer. The Scotland room, which everyone raves about is great for obtaining a range of documents relating to Scottish interests. The Edinburgh room is a reference department with thousands of published materials available. Computers and staff are on hand to help you locate any books within the collection. Central library is a very good source for materials (Great for students) and is a great alternative across the road to the more daunting National Library.
4	Free wifi in the corridors & computers upstairs in the Reading Room. You can book a computer in advance if you think it's going to be busy.
5	I love reading and read fast and this library has so many books for me to get through. The staff are really friendly and I find the building very accessible.
