4	Slow service because of new open, don't know if things will get better in the future. Waitress not very familiar with food allergy info but very helpful. Taste very good! May come again.
4	Don't be fooled by its weird name and cheap-looking appearance. VIP is a solid, authentic, and good Chinese/Japanese restaurant, probably the best in far West Madison as of May 2014. Madison has experienced a real boom in authentic Chinese restaurants in the last 5 years. When I come here in 2009, I can barely name 3 restaurants than I consider a "real thing." Now the list is around 15. There was a time people had to travel to Milwaukee for authentic Chinese food, but now the traffic goes the other way around. VIP (it says "VIP Asian Cuisine" on the store front) is the newest addition in this Chinese restaurant boom. And, VIP distinguishes itself from other Chinese places by its very trendy and classy dining environment. It is not decorated by cheesy faux-Chinese art pieces. It is much akin to the setting that you can find in modern day bourgeois urban China, and I cannot recall being to similar place in the Midwest. VIP's has long and comprehensive menus--one for Chinese and one for Japanese. The Chinese menu contains many Szechuan/Sichuan dishes like Fugu and Ichiban, but it also has items not to found in other places. The prices are comparable to Fugu and Ichiban, too. It definitely takes time for the first-time visitor to navigate the menu, but everything seems to be are pretty "safe" choice.  If you cannot decide, than stick to the noodle section like I did. VIP handmade their noodles, yes, handmade, so that makes all the difference if you know what I am talking about. For less adventurous eaters, VIP also serves American Chinese, and there is an entire thick sushi menu to explore. This restaurant is huge. It has many private and semi-private rooms for special occasions. All the servers we encountered today were very helpful and friendly. Based on my first visit, VIP is a solid and authentic Chinese restaurant. Let's see how their business will go, It has a chance to become the top Chinese restaurant in Madison.
4	I went on a Sunday afternoon with two other people. I had looked at pictures online and expected to walk into a restaurant that looked like a club. However, I thought the ambience was great. They have some very original light fixtures, a sushi bar, a regular bar, and great details on the walls. The sushi bar is the focus and center of the restaurant. It's surrounded by one side with tables and booths, price rooms on another, the bar, and then some floor seating on the far wall, near the entrance.They have 2 menus, Japanese and Chinese. Both were big and interesting, but we stuck with the Chinese for our first shot. The other two in my group ordered the hand pulled noodles, one beef and one vegetarian. The beef was plentiful but fatty. It was perfectly cooked and had great flavor though. The book choy, broccoli, and pea pods in the vegetarian were crisp and fit perfectly in the clear broth. We had decided to try the place for the noodles and they were worth it. They were tasty and fresh, much better then Hong Kong Station's street noodles.I ordered the crispy duck. I've had horrible luck with duck in Madison. This changed that! It wason par with what I've had in Chicago and London's China Towns. The only complaint I have for the dish was that it came with a spice rub instead of a plum or other sauce. The rub was good, I think it was salt and Szechuan pepper, but I'd prefer a dark sweet sauce.The main complaint I had was service. We were seated properly and staff was kind and reasonably attentive. The complaint was timing. Right as we ordered another group was getting their food. They sent back a thing of noodles that they said they didn't order. It was brought in back and about a minute later our first noodle order comes out, coincidence? Then we waited 5-8 minutes for the next noodle order to come out. My duck followed this about 5 minutes later. I watched other tables, and they didn't appear to have the same issue though.Overall great experience. $38 for three large meals and two teas. I will be back soon. I want to say to try the Japanese, but the Chinese was so good who knows. 5 stars if it weren't for the service issue.
5	My new favorite Madison restaurant. Best of the best. Elegant atmosphere, prompt service, an incredible progressive Chinese (not the usual nor traditional) and Sushi menu. The unagi maki was the best I've had, the beef soup indescribably good with chili oil and vinegar. The plain outside hides a beautiful interior-I kind of like that.
3	4 for the sushi and 2 for the Chinese, 3 as a final score. Truthfully I would rate the place 4.5 if only sushi was served.Since I am *real* Chinese born in China and living in China for the first 24 years of my life I could tell you the Chinese dishes served here is at best mediocre. However, the roll was truly good considering what you could have in Madison area. Pros: the decor is modern, the room is spacious, decent sushi/roll, and the tables are sparse. Cons: No real good tasting Chinese food.Must try: VIP roll, Chef special roll.Things to avoid: Fried rice, probably anything on the Chinese menu.
4	Watch out Japanese sushi restaurants and Szechuan Chinese restaurants, you have a formidable new rival and VIP serves up both, really, really well.Located next to Saigon Noodles in a separate parking lot, this is the new kid on the block.The sushi isn't just decent for Madison, it's really really good.  If you can't decide what noodle soup to order, start with the beef noodle soup, they make their hand pulled noodles in house.
5	Don't know where these 3 score comes from. This place is perfect for me!!! I even want to cry when I tasted the beef ramen which is hand-pulled and with delicious soup. This restaurant offers really Chinese and Japanese food, not the American Chinese food. The sashimi is very fresh! The sushi is also amazing! And the price is much more reasonable than other Chinese restaurant in Madison.  I feel falling in love with this place after dinner and definitely will come again every weekend. A fantastic restaurant !!!!!
4	We were pleasantly impressed by this place- the location has been many other restaurants in the past- it's got an ugly exterior and just looks weird.  BUT when I walked in, I totally felt like a VIP!  The interior decor is beautiful- very classy with huge sushi bar in the center and alcohol bar towards back wall.  The bathroom was pretty.  Ok- onto the food.  There are two extensive menus- one with Chinese cuisine and one with Japanese stuff like sushi and bento box.  I thought sushi sounded delish but was a bit pricey.   Chinese stuff looked really good too.  We both ended up getting bowl of hand pulled noodles- I got roasted duck and my boyfriend got beef tendon.  Whoa!  It was amazing!  My bowl came with a good amount of duck plus three pieces of fresh bok choy.  The beef tendon was so delicious and flavorful.   Both our broth tasted similar but it was so good.  It didn't taste like they just threw in a bunch of MSG.  I am going back at lunch to try sushi (was priced much better). By the way, our noodles were only $8.95 each bowl which I thought was very reasonable.  This place was so nicely decorated, I can easily see it hosting weddings, etc.  But everyone there was dressed very casual-  I had arrived in my workout clothes and I felt alright.  It's a four star for now since I haven't tried sushi- I hope to eventually give this place five stars after trying other dishes.  Service was professional and friendly- very efficient with order, requests for chili sauce and bill.
4	Solid food, great everytime. I really like the Salt and Pepper Shrimp.. I love to order pickup from here
5	Came here with a bunch of fellow Yelpers on a Tuesday night, and must say that I was fairly impressed with their food.I definitely came in here with some reservations, not really expecting authenticity and taste to be VIP's strong points given their extremely modern ambiance. I was expecting more along the lines of high quality American-Chinese food that's served at PF Chang's.Their huge menu, separated into a Sushi menu and Chinese menu, also threw a warning flag for me as I feel like they might be spread too thin. Thus, given my aforementioned hesitations, I was extremely surprised and impressed to find not only high quality food, but also the authentic taste that comes along with traditional Chinese dishes. While everyone ordered their own dishes, we passed everything around and sampled most things.Some of my personal favorites were:Roast duck hand-pulled noodles (highly recommend getting one of their hand-pulled noodles)Sliced beef maw in chili sauce (traditional Szechuan cold appetizer) Pork dumplings in chili sauce (can't go wrong with dumplings right?)House special pork spare ribsStir fried string beans Fried ice creamHonestly, everything was pretty delicious, from their sushi to their Chinese dishes. They also make a killer mojito that's light and refreshing. My biggest surprise, however, was how affordable everything was. The hand-pulled noodles ran from $8-9 for a huge bowl. Most entrees were within $10-12. For such a modern and sleek interior, I definitely expected some jacked up prices. Everything being said, I can comfortably say that VIP is one of the better Chinese restaurants in town :)
4	After reading a witty yelpers review, the girls and I decided to try for lunch. We tookhis advice and looked up their menu. We went with the sushi OMG n tried the fried ice cream as suggested. Thank you yelper for great advice. Can't wait to go back
5	After reading some great reviews, my friend and I decided to go there. I got the hand-pulled beef tendon noodle and my friend got chicken hibachi. They were both very authentic and delicious. The hand-pulled noodle was actually pulled by hand in the way it was supposed to be. The waitress was nice, the service was superb. The price range is somewhat between $ and $$. There are lots of lower-priced options on the menu.Definitely will go back.
4	They have great sushi, hand-pulled noodle, and full service bar. I find that the above mentioned are the things that attract most customers. The other Chinese dishes, unfortunately, are inconsistent. The meat can be too salty and the soup laden with msg.I will definitely return but refrain from ordering the Chinese stir fry.
2	When your girlfriend comments that the piece of candy that came with the bill was the best part of the meal, you know it was bad.After reading all the great reviews, we came with high hopes and left extremely disappointed.  I started getting nervous when I saw the library of menus dropped off at our table.  I'm not a math major but I know that too many menu options = mediocre food.  This was definitely the case with our dinner.We shared:Pork Dumplings with chili oil-Dumplings were literally submerged in the oil and quickly fell apart when picked upSpicy Tuna and a Yellowtail roll-Both rolls suffered from overcooked and mushy riceDuck with handpulled noodles-Noodles were solid but the broth was severely under seasoned and lacked any flavor. Most of the duck had gristle.I will continue to watch for other reviews and may give it a second chance but at this point, VIP is DOA to me.
5	EXCELLENT!!  Finally, a great Asian restaurant in Madison, Wi.  VIP is tastefully decorated but it's the food quality that will bring me back again.  My wife had the hot & sour soup and I had the egg drop soup:  both were in the BEST EVER category.  We shared the pot stickers, Japanese style shrimp, and steamed whole flounder.  All ranked as the BEST IN MADISON in my book.  Prices and quality resulted in a great value for us.  Can't wait to get back there again.
4	We came for the sashimi dinner.  We also got the miso and a house salad with the flower tea and fried ice cream for dessert.  The sashimi dinner was very fresh and the fish was delicious.  Very well taken care of and prepared well.    The wasabi is not the best I've had but did the job on a few slices.  The soup was authentic and the house salad with ginger dressing was a little sweet but worked very well.  Flower tea tasted delicious (chrysanthemum) and the warm miso tasted a little above average for warm sake.  The fried ice cream was a good treat but for an authentic dessert try the strawberry mochi ice cream!!   Overall everything was definitely above average including the wait staff.
4	The menu is expansive, even on a Friday night there was a discount on cocktails.  The home made noodles were wonderful and service was excellent!
4	What a surprise!   Visited here on a Monday night with a group from work.  I too was a bit hesitant given the sushi and chinese menus, but we came anyway.  We started with drinks. $2 off pricing on most drinks, so those that did drink were pleased.We went with a variety of apps.  Vegetable tempura, dumplings, and edemame. All were done well and gobbled up.   Several went with the shrimp tempura bento and could not finish-too much food. Large delicate shrimp, salad, rice, dumpling and california rolls.Others got sushi, and enjoyed them all.  Tasty, fresh, and pleasing.Dessert came and fried icecream, tempura oreos and tempura cheese cake- again great!Looking forward to coming back and trying the chinese menu, but may have to further explore the sushi menu first.
2	The food portion is not very consistent. Environment feels very high end, but not so much for the food. The price is the similar as many other Chinese restaurant, but I don't feel is worth it, if you consider the flavor. Overall, I would think it's above the average, however it needs some improvements.
5	Not going to lie, I was skeptical. The outside looks like happy wok and anywhere that serves multiple cuisines is usually sketchy. However, I was blown away by the atmosphere and great service. We ordered Beef Brisket noodles, avocado roll, dragon roll, stir fried green beans (made a great appetizer for a group!) and dry chili chicken. Everything was so delicious and reasonable!! By far the best sushi I've had in Madison, and also the least expensive. The presentation was lovely, and although our dishes did not initially come to the table at the same time, the waitresses were gracious. A+!
4	I was there on a Sunday and it was pretty slow. Then I start wondering if the food was bad. But as a Asian girl I really like their food!! The spicy food was really good. I will definitely take mom here :-) the only thing was they ran out of mints for my drink.
2	I just don't get the reviews that are raving about this place.  Been here twice - once for dinner with my wife and kids, once for lunch with colleagues from work.Dinner: Ok, we did get one of the semi-private rooms with a large table which is always nice with two kids that can be squirmy.  That was a positive.  But the server was a bit overbearing and pushy, trying to sell us this, that, and the other thing after we made it clear to her several times (I thought) that we just needed some time to look at the menus (yes, plural... and they're all huge).  We got a mixture of Chinese and Japanese.  It was all ok (not exceptional) and somehow the bill came to $90, which is crazy for what we got (yeah, I wasn't paying attention when we ordered, but based on what we ordered I would have expected ~$60).  Must have been the "chef's special roll" the server talked us into, which was completely forgettable.Lunch:  A bit of a mess.  Three of us got the sushi roll specials, one got hibachi chicken.  Failure #1 was service of the miso soup.  The bowls were plenty full, and the way the server gripped them when serving them, his thumb was in the soup.  Yuck.  Failure #2 was the hibachi chicken, which took at least 10 minutes to arrive after the rest of us were served lunch.  Failure #3 was when paying- their credit card machine was broken.  They wanted to write down our credit card info, which we did not want them to do.  They hassled us about writing a check-- C'mon, its YOUR credit card machine that broke!  That already hassles us-- so don't add to the hassles and just take the check!Overall-- the food is not bad (it's a pretty low bar for Asian food in this part of town), but there are substantially better Chinese and better Japanese places elsewhere.
4	I have eaten here twice, a lunch to check it out (I am always skeptical of restaurants that serve multiple Asian cuisines and sushi is pretty weak in Madison in general) and a return trip dinner with the family a month later.  Over these two visits I've eaten sushi, multiple sushi rolls, hand pulled noodles, chicken lo mein, beef and broccoli, and the hibachi steak kids meal.  The food has been very good on both visits.  The sushi (fish) is fresh and rolls well constructed.  The cooked dishes are well seasoned, well prepared, arrived at the table hot and presentation was well executed.  The food has been really good.  The service has been attentive and knowledgable about the menu and food preparation.  I will definitely continue to go to VIP and I do recommend it.  I consider VIP a 4.5 star restaurant.
4	I have been here about 4 times. the lunch special is a good deal. I love it, many traditional chinese dishes can be found on lunch special menu. They used to have hand pulled noodles on special too, but they removed it recently, too bad. Their hand pulled noodles ( Beef one) are super good, very tasty! I have not tried sushi and other dishes. They offer many choices, way too many in my opioin. I heard their chef is from New york, and won some rewards for making sushi. I will try next time.
5	Awesome environment, great lights and music, nice food and nice price. The quite and pleasant atmosphere helps a lot on the food enjoyment.
4	Omg, yum. Pretty much just had sushi with the wife but everything was great if you like sushi rolls. Waitress was a bit hard to understand but very attentive and checked back often. Had a couple of bus boys running around and could not get my water less than 2/3 full without someone filling it. Place was clean and well decorated. Prices were cheaper than the Wausau/Stevens point area where I'm from. Will definitely be back. One note. We were here early on a Thursday night and service was wonderful. I manage a restaurant and know how that can change when it gets busy, but blame management for that for understaffing.
4	Great ambiance and super good sushi, not to mention the Chinese food is pretty good too!
2	Oh boy... First they had to ask for direction for making a manhattan, which was on their menu. Then they didn't know what a shellfish allergy meant. When you sell sushi you should probably know the most common seafood allergy. The food was fine but not better than other places in the same price range.
4	We ate here last night based on the yelp reviews I read. The atmosphere is super cool with blue lights, very modern and minimalistic. Nice spacing between tables. We were there early in the evening, so it wasn't busy at all. Besides a single rail drink costing $7.00, everything was very good tasting and the portions were nice. Scallops entree was excellent. The waitress was extra sweet, asking the cooks for egg drop soup for my Dad, when its usually not available on weekends. I'd definitely eat here again.
5	Took my girlfriend here for their signature hand-pulled noodle. She thought it was the best noodles she ever had.Will repeat!
5	I was really impressed with my whole experience. The decor is tasteful, the service was great and the prices reasonable. The menu features varied Asian food choices, including sushi, tempura and typical Chinese food. Our waitress made helpful suggestions, and the food was really good. There is no kids menu, but this is no Mickey D's. So much better than many of the Asian food places in Madison and the best on the Westside in my opinion.
3	From the outside it looks a very unappealing but once you get inside the place is decorated beautifully. I should mention I'm a huge sushi fan and recently moved back to Wisconsin after living in Southern California where no matter where you go, you get good sushi. I crave sushi on a daily basis so I've been trying to visit each sushi restaurant in Madison to decide on my favorite. I don't think this will be my favorite but it wasn't terrible either. We ordered three specialty rolls, edamame and crab rangoons. The best thing I got was the crab rangoons - which isn't sushi at all but anytime I see them on a menu my taste buds force me to order them. These were some of the best I've had. I'd go back to try some of the other dishes. And it might be a good place to go if you have people in your party that don't like sushi and people in your party that do!
4	I'll admit I was somewhat skeptical of the positive reviews this place has been garnering-- mainly because the restaurant is "VIP Asian Cuisine" -- Asian, not Chinese or Japanese or Korean specifically, but just "Asian". To me, Asian cuisine is usually a clue for "really mediocre Americanized Asian-style food" but this was not the case for VIP.The interior has a great vibe. Really upscale and trendy. Dimly-lit, but not annoyingly so, with really friendly servers (Gasp! yes, friendly servers!)Prices are pretty reasonable. $14-18 for Hibachi items, $9-12 for Chinese entrees, and $7 for the Chinese lunch special that comes with fried rice and soup. Bento boxes are $10, and the typical sushi roll will run around $8.For the food, I was generally very impressed. The Americanized Chinese food was really stellar. General Tsos Chicken and Sesame Chicken had white meat chicken, no tough chunks, and a great sauce that actually had some kick to it (along with some chili peppers).Authentic Chinese dishes that I tried were pretty solid too. Dan Dan noodles had less pork flavor than I hoped, but it was overall quite tasty and not too oily like you may find elsewhere. The Ma Po Tofu wasn't bad. Lots of tofu, some spice, and a generally good flavor.The Hot and Sour soup was not good, I thought. No one that ordered it in my party liked it. I'd opt for Egg drop or another soup.I would suggest going for lunch with a few friends... Get some of the Chinese lunch entrees, maybe a Hibachi item and a Bento box and share! There are lots of options, and the quality seems very high here.
1	Food-wise, the lo mein is good. The fried rice is oily and flavorless. The sushi is okay depending on the rolls.Service-wise: We went to VIP for my birthday. My parents put a $7 tip under a plate. After we left and went to the parking lot already, the server chased us down, told my mom to follow her. The server lead my parents back to where we ate. She asked if she served us well. My mom replied yes. Then she asked, "Why didn't you guys leave me a tip?!" My mom replied that they had put it under the plate. She lifted up the plate and found the tip. My mother gave her another $10 after that in case that wasn't enough.
5	Food was amazing, restaurant has beautiful decorations. Service was great and all employees nice. Great potstickers, sushi and tofu. Visiting from CA and have to say this place was better than many I've tried at home.
5	The S.U. was out of town, it was cold and rather than wait for a table at the very crowded nearby pho joint, I took the opportunity to stick my nose into VIP. I had heard good things about the quality and they are, as far as I know, the only place in town to serve hand-pulled noodles. For the uninitiated, hand-pulled noodles ROCK!! Not just fresh, not just hand-cut but hand-pulled. Some places let you watch the chef twist and throw, fold, twist and throw, fold twist and throw until the gluten firms up and you have long thin strands of chewy noodle. You can't watch at VIP (it ain't no noodle joint, ya know!), but it ain't no thing ...the texture is the thing.They have several bowls with broth to choose from. I went simple. Beef. Plenty of noodles in a nicely flavored, rich broth with a bit of 5-star anise flavor and baby bok-choy. BOOM! Major success! No skimping on the noodles or vegetables. A perfect lunch on a cold day. Next time I'll do the duck.Others have mentioned the decor. I was skeptical when I first walked in. It felt more at home on the 30th floor of a Tokyo tower than in a west-side Madison mall. Now that I've been there I'm glad it is. The Spousal Unit will love it.
5	Very friendly staff and atmosphere was fresh. The lighting and decor was eye catching and vivid. Service was spot on and they smiled often.Food was spectacular and flavorful. Was brought here by a friend and was not disappointed and would frequent this restaurant if I lived in Madison.
5	I was very impressed by the food, the ambiance, and the service!  We had a great time! Totally will recommend to anyone who likes to eat:)
5	Great sushi and a fantastic atmosphere, which is fancy but still unpretentious.The kind of place where you'll order another roll just to hang out for another fifteen minutes. Service is very good, but be careful with their suggestions or you'll end up spending a lot more than you were planning. Besides the delicious a la carte sushi we also really liked the salmon avocado roll.
5	As far as Chinese food goes, you probably can't find better quality in Madison. They do a really good job preparing the food with care and even the presentation is appealing as far as Chinese food goes. The sushi is also very good. Fresh ingredients and good presentation. I was actually very impressed by their sushi since many Chinese food restaurants don't do a good job of making shushi. However, I have had to wait several times when going to pick up a multi-order meal when doing carryout. It should be mentioned that it happened right after they opened so they probably have things straightened out by now. As you can see from the photo I posted, the atmosphere is probably one of the nicest in the area. I would definitely recommend checking it out!
3	The good news: the szechuan dishes we tried were very tasty.  Good ma po tofu and twice cooked pork.  The less good news: service is awkward and amateurish, the restaurant is cavernous and has an empty feel, and they're trying to do an awful lot, sushi and Chinese food and  drinks and dessert....It all winds up feeling a little muddled and careless.  The pot stickers we ordered were Japanese gyoza, the hot and sour soup was tasty but arrived barely lukewarm, and we were deluged with about six menus for different things.  My guess is that if they can dial back to doing fewer things well, they'll attract a loyal clientele.
4	This place is solid, though all I had was a Sushi Bento.The atmosphere, the service and the prices were all decent.I will most certainly be back for their hand-pulled noodles!
5	We have been here a couple of times, and has been very good both times across the board. Service, food quality, and atmosphere all have been great.  Have had both the sushi and the Chinese food, top notch on both sides of the menu.
3	Place is weird as fuck. The outside looks like an abandoned Mexican bank while the inside jives like a trendy Vegas nightclub. They have a section of Japanese-style seating which I am pretty sure has never been used.Menu is long as hell, so the place is a jack of all trades, master of only their homemade noodles. The sushi rolls are pretty good but I don't think anyone is jizzing their pants about it.Waitstaff has difficulty communicating sometimes, bringing soup instead of salad, not knowing how to explain the lunch menu... that sort of thing. All in all it is a good Asian place on the west side, but let's just say it's the kind of place that attracts people with spray-tans
5	Loved this place.  Atmosphere:   Awesome, clean and soothing.  Service:  Excellent.  We stuck to the sushi menu and thoroughly enjoyed each of the three types of rolls we ordered:  Spicy Yellowtail, Hell Fire Roll, and Sweet Heart Roll.  Each one was better than the last.  We relied on our server to recommend, and he accurately led us down the primrose path to culinary divinity.  Seriously.  Prices are definitely fair.  I wish I lived near VIP because I would most definitely sign on to becoming a regular.  The food coming out of the kitchen from the Chinese menu looked and smelled delightful, so I would probably have to try that next time (with a side order of one of those incredible rolls of course).  One teensy suggestion to management:  The squeaky wheels on the delivery carts either need oil or to be replaced by rubber wheels.  They were annoying.
4	Went on a Sunday night right before the dinner rush. Had the hand pulled noodles with beef brisket, which was delicious. Almost as good as what I'd get in Chicago. Tried a little of the Chairman Mao's braised pork belly, which was really savory and a bit spicy. Also had the eel nigiri.  The eel was so good that I might have to try the unagi don next time I'm there. Overall a good experience and I'm looking forward to going again!
5	The crispy duck is the best I've ever tried, highly recommend!! All other dishes are wonderful. I'll miss Madison for the crispy duck here.
4	While they might not mix a stellar bev (it was just vodka and soda, didn't think it would be so hard) they sure can plate up some stellar creations, authentic and full of flavor. Avoid turning to the back (or do) where Chinese dishes have been made American, and instead ask for the mini iPad on which 45 or so photos of popular menu items appear. It can be hard to read a description and know exactly what you're getting, but swiping through pics as Wang did with us is a much easier way to determine what you'll actually be sinking your teeth into. And as far as all that goes, the strong beans are an absolute must, the tea tree mushroom chicken as well (if you don't mind gnawing at some bones) and the Singapore noodles. The shrimp tempura is accompanied by a zippy little sauce, but the price didn't equal two shrimp, a piece of broccoli and a zucchini coin. And getting back to the bevs, there's an extensive martini menu, so maybe stick to something they suggest and don't go off book.
5	Okay, so this place is kinda of great!  VIP has a very unique and maybe even a bit of an intimidating menu if one isn't adventurous.  With that said though, I am a huge fan of this place.  The menu is large with Chinese and Japanese options.  I have only tried the Chinese options and really think that VIP maybe the best Asian restaurant that I have been to.On both visits I have been able to try many different items and a few items definitely stand out.  The cumin beef, seasoned with cumin of course and veggies is amazing!  I also tried the beef heel which are thinly sliced pieces in a chili sauce is also really great.  I have also loved the duck on both visits.  We also tried the fish, the exact type escapes me now but it is served scored with a chili sauce.  That dish was also very good.Not only is the food good here though but the service as well.  Our waiter was very helpful and gave great recommendations.  VIP has a great drink menu as well.  I should also mention that this place is sort of deceiving from the outside.  I say that because upon walking in the atmosphere is that of a sort of upscale restaurant in a really big city.  This is a great place to host a large group or for date night.  My fiance and I were here a few days ago and we are really looking forward to going back!
4	Wonderful choices between two menus. One Chinese and the other Japanese.  NOT a buffet but high quality and beautifully prepared and presented food.
5	VIP is a part Japanese, part Chinese spot. I only got their sushi-sashimi lunch special and can't vouch for the rest of their food but  their sushi is legit- very fresh and good value for under $20! I will be back on future trips to Madison.
