4	Always great for a cheap and delicious bite to eat
4	Fish tacos are so good after midnight. Maybe cos I'm dying of hunger?
3	This place beats Taco Bell in the face with a baseball bat. I have a guilty love for Del Taco and I come in whenever I'm in a hurry or on a road trip. The fish tacos are delicious and truly rival some of the ones I've had from real Mexican places. The other favorite menu item is the Big Fat Steak tacos. They're wrapped in a pita and come with a spicy white sauce and finely shredded cheddar.
4	I really do like Del Taco on occasion.  The tacos are pretty freakin' good AND cheap!  Disgustingly enough, I totally love that, unlike Taco Bell, Del Taco offers fries on their menu.  This location seems to have updated their decor a bit and are more modern to fit with the times now.  Service is good and quick, food is always hot and satisfying.  Oh fast food tacos, how I love thee!
4	Everything is wiped down very nice.  Staff behaves very well in the back kitchen, by keeping their back kitchen conversations to a low level without any inappropriate words/conversations that one might pick up in every other.  Plenty of selections. Everything was well made. the produce looked fresh, and everything actually looked like the freggin picture. lol
2	I wanted to give you a 3 or 4, but noooooo ...The food is fine; tasty, in fact and freshly prepared and they are not stingy with the ingredients.  Where did they fall down?  Well, the two uninspired managers slovenly wandering around the place, snarling at life in general and dragging down the morale of others working there.Oh, and floor-mopping staffer ... make a note, when you're mopping the dining area, it's best NOT to slop your mop against the chair legs where people are actually sitting and eating.  Maybe you can come back by in a few minutes when I scoot out of here?  Yeah, I know, if you don't then Beeyotch One or Beeyotch Two will make your minimum-wage life miserable, so good luck with all that! :)Still, whenever I can get out of middle Muhricuh on business or other travel, and I can swing through a Del Taco for a quick snack, it's always on my radar!
1	Very very bad service.. Went there twice for shrimp tacos after midnight and they said they couldn't sell them at the time cuz they were "CLEANING" the frier..went back after a half hour like the lady told me and still.cleanjng . Bad experience .. Very lazy workers. Wouldn't go there again
3	So I am first up in line waiting  for 5 mins no one says a word (will be with u in a moment) I was in line looking like idiot...
3	I have been here a number of times and have never had an issue.  But today I said I need to write a review. I normally get 2 Del Beefy Burrito's and the are rally good and worth the 2 for $5.  Tonight i ordered just one and it was $3.49 for a single and was lackluster. I felt like I was being ripped off, I have had bean tacos with more beef then this thing. If i wanted a tortilla I would have ordered that.  Not sure if its just the crew but this guy was disappointed by the food and the 10 min wait for FAST food.
