4	Friendly staff and a LOT of delicious options for both beverages and food. I've tried their Belgian waffles (nothing extraordinary but great for a morning when you want a little extra sweetness for breakfast) and I've also had a couple of their wraps which were delicious.The place is generally quiet but not so quiet it feels awkward. It's right by the library which is a big plus for me. They serve Alterra coffee and also offer a selection of difference local coffees to choose from. They serve ice cream which I haven't yet indulged in, but I'm sure I will at some point. An all around good place to sit and read, work, grab a nice lunch/coffee with a friend.
5	We found this nice little cafe on Yelp while visiting Madison and had a great brunch. The place is in a little shopping center and was near our hotel. The Belgian waffles are highly recommended and they had a limited but attractive menu for lunch and dinner. Everything we ate tasted good and was homemade.
5	My husband and I were visiting our daughter and staying at a nearby hotel.  We went here for a delicious lunch - I had the steak and white bean soup with the salad bar. The soup was excellent and the salad bar had lots of fresh choices - unlimited.  We took my daughter and her husband and three children for breakfast the next day.  The owners and staff are very helpful and accomodating.  They made it such a fun and homey experience.  The place has nice things for sale - coffees and candy, dessert items and ice cream.  The children loved it. The waffles and egg sandwiches were great.
1	TnT cafe, I wanted to like you. Really, I did. Seeing as you live in my neighborhood and I have clients in the area, you make for an ideal location for me to stop in and get work done on my laptop.However. I shall be coming to you no more. I have been in three times this week. Your coffee is good. I had the Alterrra Love Supreme as well as the Door county Red Velvet Mocha. What I did not have was a good experience. The first two visits of this week were fine. I was greeted, I bought my coffee, and I went about my business. Solid. Let me say this; I had no idea there was a $3 minimum to use plastic. During my first 2 visits this week, there was never an issue with using a debit card. No one ever mentioned it (I don't carry cash. I know, I know, save the lecture). Today I went to buy my 2.22 cup of coffee the cashier rudely told me there was a $3 min. I told her I had been in 2 other times this week and no one had told me that. She then moved a plastic display to show me a small sign taped to the cash register. Swell, I thought. Welp. I have no cash and I am not buying a donut. I explained I was in 2 other times this week (afternoon visits, not AM visits) to which she said, "I don't think so, I have been here all week". Rude.Rude. Rude. Rude. Rude.Not going back. Sorry, TnT. This is why I refer to this part of Madison as suburbia hell.
5	The coffee drinks are superb & they offer delicious gluten free waffles (also bread & rolls ). The owner is friendly,  and although the woman who also works there takes a bit of warming up to, she's also very sweet. Would definitely recommend TNT to any of you reading this .
2	Well, I've been here twice.. And each time I've been snubbed by staff, owner included. Having worked in a coffee shop for years I know what a customer expects and I know how staff should present themselves; friendly and hospitable. Coffee shops are neighborhood hang outs.. It should be inviting and welcoming. This place is not.Which is why Ill be choosing another neighborhood coffee shop to spend my time and money. Foods good here, and I'm not denying that, but you can get good food in a lot of places.
4	The guy and I went here for the first time today, and were really pleased. We split a pumpkin waffle and a bacon breakfast burrito. The waffle was tasty, although a little on the crisper side. The breakfast burrito was the best we've had in Madison. The coffee was Alterra and thus excellent. As for service, it was friendly and prompt. The cashier was pleasant and helpful, and came by once we got our food to check on us. The owner/cook brought our food, then checked on us later and thanked us for coming. We saw nothing like what a couple of reviewers complained about. We will absolutely be going back - and bringing family and friends!
4	Just found this place.  It's not fancy but it's great to have so close to home. The coffee and food are really solid.  I had a breakfast burrito that was grilled panini style - it was really good. They've also got like a dozen different types of waffles. The service makes it feel more like a restaurant than a coffee joint.  I'm adding it to the rotation.
5	I always enjoy the friendly staff and the food is always good. I love the treats too!
5	I am a regular at TNTs because their food is delicious and their coffee is superb.
4	Small but comfy cafe! The Belgian waffles are their specialty and seriously delicious. Stopped in today for breakfast with my other half for breakfast. About a dozen different waffle flavor combos. We tried the chunky monkey (chocolate and walnut waffle topped with more walnuts, bananas, chocolate syrup, and whipped cream) and the fat elvis (chocolate chip waffle topped with peanut butter, bananas, chocolate syrup, and whipped cream) both of which were tasty and generously sized. Big thumbs up for having both Colectivo coffee and Chocolate Shoppe Ice Cream. Not going to lie, I've stopped in on hot summer days after work just for a dish of ice cream. Also, the Milky Way Latte is perfection! This could become a Saturday morning favorite.
4	Went to TnT for a quiet brunch with a friend. We each picked a waffle and I had a coffee.You have to order at the counter. This caused some confusion for a customer who say next to us after we had ordered. The man who took our order was not the friendliest, but he wasn't particularly rude. I felt like maybe he just needed to drink some of the delicious Colectivo coffee they serve.When ordering coffee, he asked if I wanted medium or dark roast, decaf, or flavored. They have labels out for all of the options to help you decide. I went with dark, and it was nice and hot when served to me. I think that Colectio delivers it throughout the day, because while we were there, a woman walked in with two containers full of hot coffee.My friend had an Oreo waffle which was crammed with chocolate. The Oreo cookie bits added a nice crunch. I went with the Elvis, which was topped with creamy peanut butter, bananas, and chocolate sauce. It was sooooo delicious. The eating area is cozy an during our meal, sstaff came out and chatted with some regular customers. I will definitely be going back to check out all the other waffle options and maybe even the savory options too.
5	Waffles are baked fresh and served all day. Everyone is super nice and the Chai latte has magic in it. Seriously. Try it.
3	I'm going to have to give TnT's another try - my first experience with them was split down the middle with ups and downs. The cafe has been open for a couple of years now, but despite living up the street from them I'd never been until last week. + bright and cozy dining area+ fast and friendly service once I got to the front of the line+ the waffle I received to go was perfectly cooked and didn't get soggy sitting in a hot and steamy to-go box- the waffle I received was not the waffle I ordered; I asked for a chocolate waffle and instead was given (and, I later realized, charged for) a chocolate chip waffle -- I am sure I could have complained and gotten the right thing, but I like chocolate chips and dislike wasting food, so I just went with it- my cook/waiter was literally dripping sweat from the combination of a warm day and a tiny kitchen space, and it was hard not to imagine that some of that sweat made it into my waffle as he leaned over the iron to pour the batter- their hours are pretty limited - the reason it's taken me so long to check it out is that they close not too long after I get out of work and aren't open on Sundays (aka prime brunch time)The most important part of a restaurant is their food, and the waffle I had was probably the best I've had in Madison. I'll definitely have to give them another try, just maybe on a cooler day.
5	I really like this place. I have been going there for blended iced coffee and they are great. I also really like the soups they have. There are always a few choices and I have never been disappointed. They are the only place I can find that sells chocolate covered coffee beans which are delicious. The only other food item I've tried there is a breakfast burrito. The burrito was very good, but they take a little while to make so if you are planning on ordering a sandwich or something like that make sure you have time because everything is handmade to order.
5	Stop here every chance i have. Small locaton, great food, fresh and creative recipies. Never dissapointed.
1	OMG where do I begin?? The second I got in there this blonde woman zipped her purse and looked scared. I am an African American woman. I was wearing a north face fleece and uggs. In no way shape or form  did I look like I was about to rob the place or anyone. The vibe was VERY uninviting and the guy I'm guessing who is the owner took my order than gave it to a barista. Both had attitude and were not polite AT all. Not even fake smiles just plain faces that looked mad. I still acted polite and still smiled. After I paid and got my drink but it tasted watered  down and you could barely taste the chocolate and peanut butter in my frape  so I asked her to add more. She said she would have to remake the whole thing giving me a bitchy look daring for me to ask her to do her job. So of course i did. And I thought WOW. Anywhere else they would remake it NO PROBLEM so I didn't know why it was one with them...pinching penny's I see?? Bad customer service driving you out of business?? I will NEVER come back here again. If you want a great local neighborhood coffee shop without a side of racism try willy street or Atwood
5	Excellent coffee and teas! Wonderful service and welcoming atmosphere.  See you again soon!
