5	One of the best terrasses in  the city in the summer. Mind blowing how it is always packed.  All summer you could grill your own meat  on the BBQ, hope they bring it back. In the mean time if you are a fan of Lucky's food truck they have partnered up Tuesdays to Saturdays 5-10pm  so you can get great food truck food with the luxury of walls and a roof and tables. Great Bartenders ready to try  new things  and are not afraid to  use cassis.  Mostly francophone crowd but anglos are never given the cold shoulder. Always something new  going on with well thought out awesome events like artist events, rockabily night, and of course comedy; yeah  they do that do . Make sure you make it downstairs for a whole  different scene on the weekends, most people wouldn't know there was anything down there as during the day there is this big mysterious  door thats closed.  Almost a guarenteed goodtime as long as you are down to earth and have an open mind.
3	Alright, let's start with the good: Not too large or too small, cozy feeling, sexy dim lighting, square central bar, tucked off lower St Denis, Quentin Tarantino's zombie movie playing on the TVs (one of the few enjoyable uses of a TV in a bar if you ask grumpy-me.) The service was medium to meh. Surly bouncer who only cracked a smile once I dumped my change all over the front entrance (with characteristic clutzy panache, don't doubt it.) Waited at an open area of the bar for over 15 minutes while staff walked back and forth, didn't make eye contact with us, high fiving regulars.
5	Abreuvoir was a haven for those cold winter party nights since it has a covered beer garden out back with heaters and everything. The 15 inches of snow outside is no excuse to stop the party. The beers are what you'd expect (might just be slightly pricier), and the tunes aren't bad. There's a hidden dance floor down in the basement (by the bathrooms), although it usually gets pretty crowded. There's also swing night in here every so often (though I don't remember the exact date), and it's always fun to watch everyone dance to those jazzy tunes. If you're drunk enough, you might find yourself bustin' a grove or two!Tip: You DO NOT want to order a pitch of beer here unless you plan to share it with a football team.
4	What initially was a "lets go here since Distillerie is full" reaction, surprised me when I discovered their terrace at the back!This place has one of the best outdoor seating (which is also winter compatible :D ) and a good selection of booze to go with it. Sometimes they have a bbq setup at the back so clients could also get their fix of burgers n dogs.Also - Triple mixed drinks!
