4	VooDoo Beach is now open daily at 10am.The pools here feel more like a decorative piece for a tanning salon than anything else.  Everyone was getting their tan on but not their dip on.  TG4SB, at least the small kiddies took advantage of the waters.  Hey, maybe everyone was just digging on the DJ's jamz...maybe.  You can hear the music all the way up from any poolside/strip view rooms.  My ears are still pulsating...Thank goodness for the adults only pool.  Too many kiddies around for Spring Break...
4	Born and raised in Vegas, I've been going to VooDoo Beach even before it was called VooDoo Beach. I used to come here as a kid to play in the pool with the sand, and I'm happy to see that it's still around to this day. However, The Rio definitely has changed their marketing strategies from keeping it as a family-oriented pool to one that is a little more risque and racy. I would recommend everyone who does have kids to be wary of taking your family here nowadays, for they do have women in skimpy bikinis dancing provocatively to the DJ music to promote VooDoo Beach and Club upstairs (at least this was what I seen the last time I was here).What I like about VooDoo Beach the most is there is comfortable space set between the chairs. There are some pools with chairs touching each other to where you could literally reach over to the stranger next to you, but the pool deck here is wide enough so people have the opportunity to stretch a little bit. There are three outdoor bars, an outdoor grill to grab food, and a kiosk for pool amenities, all in short walking distance no matter which pool you're located by. Local women are free Fridays through Sundays. I often come here to unwind since this pool doesn't get too mobbed with too many people, but is still nice to sunbathe and enjoy the DJ. There are plenty of cocktail waitresses to wave down if you don't walk up to the bars yourself, and the staff is pretty friendly and attentive.
3	This review is for VooDoo Beach adult ONLY pool.Located on the far side of VooDoo beach, they made sure that nobody could see the adult only pool. It is a small pool with beautiful waterfalls, a few cabanas and a drink stand. and a big tall stage with DJ, and go go dancers, some waitresses walk around to take drink orders too. The cabana we had was not luxury, I don't think they have any luxury  cabanas there, it was just a tent with ceiling fan, and a small fridge with refreshments. I really liked the big raspberry mojito drink, so yummy! For $30 you get one refill. It is kind strange that they don't allow women go topless in cabanas, have to stay out of the cabanas if women are topless. I have no idea why is that? This Euro style pool is just OK for me, I wish they had better cabanas and a bigger poolps. NO cameras at all times .
4	For the adult pool:Since they kicked the strippers aka prostitutes out (note not all dancers are such!) when Sapphire run it, it got more comftable for the non medical enhanced and lipo;d bimbos.Meaning, us normal women with normal curves what god gave us can go there too :) of course its vegas, so the bimbos and enhancy's are there.Also please, lady if you weart a thong do not walk to the family pool wearing it, not cool..The pool itself is nice, their waterfall is great. BUT the dj is way too loud... im used to loud music but hells... I can feel my teeth klick in front of the speakers.free for ladies and free for local ladies.
5	I LOVE this pool area.  So much fun and so pretty.  Lots of palms and sand for the little ones.  We have been here twice and both times they were playing great music in the background.  THe poolside drink service is really good too.  The girls are friendly and are around to check on you quite often.  I wish it stayed open later.  They close at 7 pm.  It would be a fun place to swim at night.
4	Adult pool day time, party club at night!! What more can I say.Nice pools, waterfalls, lots of hanging out areas, nice bar, usual prices, the bartenders do fancy tricks like in Cocktail, live DJ music. The best part, no kiddies running around splashing you, just a bunch of adults.
5	This pool is awesome!! My favorite place to stay in Vegas!! All rooms are suites. Best Buffet in town. There are 4 pools here, kiddie pool with sand and waterfall. Two other pools are for relaxing. The fourth pool is the party pool with a LOUD DJ and waterfalls. The waitress are top notch, you have to see the twins and i don't mean boobs.
3	There are three different pools that you can choose from when staying at the Rio. As you walk into the large pool area, you will see that it goes from a family type pool, followed by a more adult-like pool and finally you get to the "party" pool that has a younger vibe and DJ.We came twice during our stay at the Rio, and hung out at the adult and party pool areas.  There is a bar area in center of all the pools, and another on the left hand side when you walk in.  It was about 85 when we were there in April, which made it tough to find a chair.  We hung out at the party pool, and even with the DJ it was kind of the on the quiet, mellow side.This is not like Rehab at the Hard Rock Hotel, or Wet Republic at the MGM, so don't think you're going to get that kind of atmosphere.  This is more for those that want to get a little bit of rays, a drink or two and some "chill" time at the pool before they head out later for some debauchery.  Fun pool, but quiet .*POOL SPECIALS: As about their drink specials, as they had 2-1's depending on the day and another where you can buy a refillable cup and the drinks would be a lot less.
3	The pool is lovely. Servers Natasha and Sara were super cool and attentive. Great fun times with the DJ. Cool scene with mainly hotel guests. Love that it is 21 and over. I recommend making a reservation for a pool bed or cabana. It's worth it. Pool bed is 100$ minimum (easy to rack up buying drinks) or the cabana is 250$ minimum. If not get to the pool early to get a spot. Pool beds include umbrella and table. Free spots do not. I spent memorial weekend at this pool and enjoyed myself. On another note....The security dude Daniel is a douche bag/ hot head. Without knowing all the info this beeyatch ran up on me and my sis (while we were relaxing) with such an f'ed up attitude. Telling us to leave the spot we reserved because the party who reserved it was there now. After trying to not spoil my buzz and speak calmly to him to explain that there is some misunderstanding...he was relentless and continued to be a dick. He f my buzz up and is forever a tool in my book. Hey Daniel, suck it loser! You suck ass!!!! And anyone who knows me on yelp knows I never have such an adverse reaction. F u Daniel. We ended up keeping out spot, his error, but a bad taste was left.  One bad apple...I would give 4 stars but security made the place lose points in my book. Our sever was so cool and worked it all out and I'm grateful.
2	I can say, don't come here on Thursdays....My cousins and I stayed at the Rio a few weeks ago and as soon as we put our bags down we said, "Hey let's put on our bathing suits and go hang at the pool!"Walking outside, we passed the sand and heard music off in the distance. "What's that I hear?! Hip hop music?? Is that a pool party over there, at what? Voodoo Beach?!"We hustled on over, showed our IDs, and walked right in.But then all of a sudden, the music changed to crap and it was sooooo dead.  Including myself and three cousins, there was probably 15 people. All these reserved cabanas and couches and not a person in sight!  They even had three regular chairs in the shade NEAR a reserved cabana and the guy swooped in on us, "You can't sit here. Reserved"  Whomp, whatever.  We stayed for like two hours and NOTHING reserved ever got filled.I guess it's cool if you want to get away from children and what not....
4	Server Sara from Bakersfield (by way of Sacramento) was the best thing to happen to us in Vegas.  Or as she would say, "I'm from ghetto Bakersfield, not the normal town."  Super great service, and she said most people don't even tip. Wow.  What's up with people?It can't be easy to work in a bikini every day with a smile, but she does it.  This is a collection of three pools, all of which are great, and one adult, topless, men pay to get in, pool.  A very fun poolside in an aging resort.
5	Can't beat free and I started making weekly trips with my 3 year old on Sundays. Sunday is never crowded and have always been able to find a chair in the shade. There are 3 pools and then the adult pool which has a cover charge. I only go to the first pool by the front entry. That pool has a sand entry which my son enjoys. I will always grab a bite to eat so that I am not taking advantage of the free entry, but the portions are big so I will always share something. Staff is always friendly and have never had any problems with guests. I look forward to continuing the weekly trips with my son.
2	1 spa was drained, every pool had a bunch of debris, 1 pool was closed, if it's windy the water from the waterfall sprays over everyone.Some pools were cold, the fish pool was heated to be lukewarm, the spa was slightly warmed.Cheap food and good onion rings, drinks aren't too expensive either
5	Great atmosphere open to the community and locals for free, and amazing frozen drinks! Will be my hangout for the summer!
5	This has become my favorite pool in Vegas.  Fun.  Great music.  DJ Neko - beT DJ in Vegas.  I could come here every weekend.
4	Music is a bit too loud but no kids is awesome. Dj Neko is  great guy. Fun party atmosphere. Get the souvenir drink cup ,$10 refills. The waitresses are out in full force today.
5	Loved it! I stayed at the Rio, so there was no cover, but Saturday they did give out wristbands after checking ID, which didn't cost anything. Be sure to keep the wristband they give you as it gives you free access to the Voodoo Rooftop Bar! Just DON'T TEAR it off! Otherwise Voodoo Rooftop won't accept it and you'll have to pay $30 like one of my friends, even though it was his birthday.The pool area and pool itself were smaller than the others, but being adults only was nice. Only a few people in the pool, and we bought a few beer buckets and could take the beer right in the pool, just like you want it to be! The two hot tubs got partial shade, which was nice, and the temp varied widely in the hot tubs day to day. Be sure not to forget your sunblock in your hotel room, while they had a small shop that sells such, it was pricey at $18 for all sunblocks. I won't complain though, loved the falls in the pool, they also have cornhole and other games in the way back, so do check it out!
3	Beautiful pools, plenty of chairs and towels. The sand and waterfall are great. BUT, the bar service has much to be desired. After waiting forever for a waiter or waitress to come by, I walked over to the bar to order myself. The bartender was very slow and unfriendly, almost like he was irritated that people were ordering drinks. Service aside, the frozen sunrise was delicious!
5	I intentionally came to Vegas to sit around in a pool, hang out, and read a book.  This is a great option, four pools to choose from.  I admit, I am pretty low key and didn't want to deal with a beauty pageant atmosphere.  After passing the kids pool and seeing the live DJ pool, we happily settled in the back middle pool.  Quiet and people around us were respectful. Great option!
4	This review is just for the pool itself, during the day time...and no booze. There were plenty of chairs laying out, when I went out around 11AM. They have about four different pools and I believe one pool that's heated. I have no idea why you would ever want to go into a heated pool in Vegas in June, but hey...whatever floats your boat! The towel station is towards the middle of the pools and plenty of bars and waitresses every corner you look. There were quite a bit of family around me and an older man in the pool that seemed to be having a little too much enjoyment from watching children play in the pool. Other than some weirdos in and at the pool, I felt comfortable laying out for a bit.
3	Pretty chill pool, it can get busy but usually it is not too crowded....why I like it....used to be topless but I haven't seen any topless girls in a while.....overall I like the pool area very much and it is more comfortably than other pools I've been too....definitely more relaxed vibe.....
4	Very chill and intimate. Perfect for a low key day. Music could have been better but it wasn't awful.
