4	Went in a few times after thinking my sandwich was not made correctly.  I realized it was my fault but the folks still took care of my request.  Will definitely go back!
5	I am completely obsessed with this place. Super fast good quality subs with plenty of staff and good service. The sandwiches are amazing and a good price. I love them and go there almost every week!
4	Gone to Jimmy John's twice this week. Man they have the best subs anywhere.
2	We've been several times, it started out great I love the vegetarian sub, much better then Subway! In the last couple of visits quality and service have both gone to nothing.  I'm really sick of annoying restaurants skimping on veggies when you order a vegetarian something.  I'm guessing they don't skimp on ham if you order a ham sandwich!Not sure we'll be back.
3	Jimmy john is one of my favorite place to grab but after tonight it went down hill. I ordered a vegetarian sandwich and took it home once I got home it had ham and what not. It was the worst sandwich I ever got!!!! I called and they said I'd have to go drive back to get the sandwich I wanted in the first place. This is dumb and very annoying.  So to warning to all customers check ur order before going home.
5	I love love Jimmy Johns.  Super good whole grain AND French bread.    I'm a Pepe #1, awesome ham and provolone cheese with just lettuce, tomato and mayo, it's divine.  I'm also a big fan the Beach Club, turkey, avocado spread, sprouts, etc.  Yum!  The guys/gals at Avondale totally rock. I'm a freezebox all the time so my only advice is to turn up the temp a few degrees (I just bring a sweatshirt).  Can't say enough good things - love this place!!
5	I travel a lot, so I notice variations in restaurants with a lot of locations.  I have been to this JJ's twice, and both times it was five stars all the way!  The place is clean, the people are great, and the service is wicked fast.  This is a definite winner!
2	Was really disappointed today.  The girl at the front was totally distracted and looking around while taking my order.  I think I had like one slice of turkey on my sandwich.  I always order no mayo here because they seem to like to overdo it...so today I ordered dijon mustard and there was hardly any at all.  Usually this place is really good, but not today.  I will go back and see if maybe today was just "one of those days".
5	Great subs!
2	Twice in the last 4 trips to JJs we got home and the sub didn't have the toppings we asked for. Second time it happened we called to complain and they insisted it was our fault. They told us we could drive it back and they would give us a new one. No thanks, won't ever be driving back there.
5	I eat here at least twice a week. Always fast and delicious.
4	#12 beach club is great!  I cant believe I love a sandwich with cucumbers on it!?!  Its a turkey sandwich with cheese and avocado spread, the bread is fresh and the combination of flavors make this sandwich so great.  Service is good here, and the place looks pretty new and clean inside.  My daughter lives nearby so I hit this place up now every time I go to visit her which seems to be often since she is always in the need of money, furniture, food (I could go on...)
1	Jimmy johns sucks
4	My review shall be like their service: Fast.Good sandwiches done by the time I pay the cheap bill.  Hits the spot every time.
1	very disappointed-went in just minutes before closing time... was just getting a "quick" sub & drink to go. there was 1 other customer in shop. i parked in handicap parking spot right in front. made my order filled my drink. had a seat to wait for my sub (*because of my handicap) "shift mgr. graham" had stepped out to give that other customer something that was accidentally left out of his order.  as graham came back in he says "just so you know,  we're closed" then gave me an awkward look... then walked away... & i know he knew that i was dumbfounded by his comment because he kept awkwardly looking over at me - i hadn't even received my food- how did he know if i was or wasn't planning to eat in shop or leave.  or was that just his way of saying get out...???  well when i did receive my food i had asked for his name so i could call back the next day to speak to management.  graham had the employee that who gave me his name, & he wasn't aware that is good friend text my son to "apologize if he sounded disrespectful" not even 5 minutes after i left the shop... seems to me that graham was rethinking the way he was speaking to customers... ya think???
4	First experience with a JJ's an was impressed with the speed of the sandwich making process if nothing else. The sandwich was on par with some of the better I've had elsewhere, maybe not as good as Lenny's but better than Subway.
4	"The #4.. ( turkey tom ) very simple turkey and cucumber and mayo.. need to try #12 ( beach club ) now that's a sandwich."
5	My best friend took me here a few weeks ago and I was quite pleased. It is EXTREMELY clean and organized. The menu is kind of plain and there aren't many options but what they have is great! There weren't many other people in there but as a group got up to leave, the manager came out and personally spoke with them, ensuring they were pleased with their experience. He then wished them a good rest of the day and they left. Very friendly staff!
4	Jimmy John's makes pretty good sandwiches I like the number two.  one little problem with them too much ice  in there drinks  .three good swallows of soda all you have is a cup full of ice
5	Friendly, fast service everytime I come in to eat.All of the subs are the freshest quality.
5	Love JJ's.  Only wish they had a drive-through.   Most times they are extremely fast and I can be in and out in 4 minutes.
1	Very rude when I called, young girl asked me my cross streets 3 different times and each time I gave it to her, she asked for them again. I live less than 3 miles from their location and she tells me they can't deliver here.  Looks like no more Jimmy John's for me anymore.  If the young lady answering the phone had any intelligence and understanding how to talk to someone on the phone, I would have drove down there and picked it up, but she was so rude I will go someplace that has the desire to hire someone with intelligence and manners.  Just being real here.
1	Worst customer service ever. The manager actually laughed at me when I said I was upset with the customer service. He gave me a big cocky smile and nodded to the door. I bought lunch for my whole office and asked if they could bag the food. He screamed at me ''WE DON'T DO THAT HERE!'' ''YOU WANT IT BAGGED, DO IT YOURSELF''. Everybody at my office has had the same experience they've said. Some days they will do something and the next day its something they don't do. I've read some other reviews and it looks like a very common thing at this location. Proceed with caution, don't ask for any special dressings, keep your head down, and get out is what they want.
4	good food and nice staff
5	Quick, efficient, and excellent customer service!  I order from them once and sometimes twice a week.
2	My least favorite location so far. I specifically asked for extra ingredients on my sub and somehow the guy only heard 50% of what I said, even though we went into detail explanation about said ingredients. I probably wouldn't be as upset if he choose not to hear the two ingredients they did put on my sub versus the two ingredients they didn't. In essence I paid for something I didn't want. I'm not surprised though, the guy that took my order looked high as hell. Next time I crave Jimmy John's I'll drive to a location that gets my order right.
4	Awesome neighborhood Italian market the sandwiches are the real stars here.everything is fresh, delicious and inexpensive!On the weekends especially Sundays during football season,Also a great place.
4	Wanted Jimmy John's today and we went! I got my usual: Slim 4 (Turkey) with cheese & bacon and Thinny Chips. I think they may have been training someone new because they usually have my sandwich ready by the time I get my drink, but today they didn't have that same sense of urgency. And the cashier accidentally rang up "add tuna" instead of bacon, but they still made it right. They put like 6 strips of bacon on it! It was a good sandwich. I think it would be even better if the french bread was warm. I like the Thinny Chips better than the regular ones. Not so oily and very yummy! The iced tea was good too. I didn't see anyone wiping tables and they needed to. Slightly annoyed that I live just outside the delivery zone for multiple JJ's... I'd give this visit 3.5 stars (rounds to 4).
