5	Ursula Newman is passionate about music.  That passion clearly flows through to her students.  She is professional in her approach to teaching and individualizes the program to meet each person's needs.
5	As an adult I have always wanted to learn to play the piano. Ursula was the perfectfit for me to overcome some trepidation in my ability to read and play music. Two years later I'm still learning and enjoying my lessons with Ursula,  She gives me the opportunity to choose the music I want to play and currently I'm learning the beautifulpieces from Les Miserables. Ursula is very engaging with her students while teaching them the skills and techniques to move to the next level.  I see myself learning from Ursula for many years to coming.  Her energy and true love of teaching and music is very evident. She is a winner!
5	I am a 25 year old male who has always found the piano fascinating.  Unfortunately I never had the opportunity to take it on as a child.  As I have gotten older I was afraid that it would be something very difficult to learn.  With Ursula as my teacher, I get the exact opposite feeling.  She is a very sweet, easy to talk to and a patient teacher.  She is wonderful at walking you through the steps no matter what you're learning style is and maximizing your abilities to the best of which you are able to do.  I am new into learning the piano, but I can tell that I will spend years getting lessons from Ursula as long as she continues to teach them.  I would recommend that anyone at any skill level come in to receive guidance under this magnificent woman who has such a strong passion for teaching.
5	My two sons have been taking piano lessons from Ursula for a few years now and they love it! Ursula has a way of making piano fun! She is excited to teach every day, and this excitement rubs off on my kids, they never want to miss a piano lesson. Ursula has instilled confidence in my children in their musical abilities, always praising them on their accomplishments. Ursula not only gives my boys piano lessons, but she has them participate in ensemble classes with other students, play in recitals, and participate in the Arizona Study Program, for which she prepares them for thoroughly. In other words, she is giving them a complete music education!I consider myself to be very lucky to have my boys being taught by such a caring and wonderful teacher! She has instilled a love of music in them that will last forever.
5	Ursula is a wonderful piano teacher.  My 7 year old has been taking lessons with her since he was 4, and my 5 year old started last fall as well.  I think what is unique about Ursula is that she does not follow a "one size fits all" approach.  She alters the music genres, types of activities, balance of playing and theory, etc. etc. all to the specific child.  She taps into what motivates you to want to practice and learn and then tailors her approach from there.  In addition to standard lessons, my son has participated in her group clavinova classes (he LOVES this), her holiday and spring recitals, and he did the Arizona Study Program this past spring and was well prepared.  I could not be happier with our experience with Ursula and I recommend her to friends all of the time.
