4	You kind of have to go here to determine if it is your thing.
5	I had to drag my husband out of here kicking and screaming. Its a really cool place with tons to explore. I found it interesting as well.Military stuffCamping gear Old signsOld school Playboy collectionVintage toolsRecords Etc, etc, etc.... Ladies -- Its in a really cool shopping plaza with about 6-7 other thrift store/boutiques.  You'll both be happy!
3	Found some great vinyl and browsed tons of beautiful junk.  What a treat.  And free Wifi!
5	WOW! I visit this place once a month. It is not your typical "antique" or "thrift" store. They sell Absolutely anything and everything that you could be interested in. -Photography supplies and vintage cameras-New and vintage tools- LOTS of magazines, tin signs, and old road maps- Sci-fi and a few geek toys - Knives- Records-Military, hunting, fishing, and camping gear- Automobile parts and posters- Furniture-Everything else!In short, I love this place. It's an awesome place for anyone, but it is an especially great place for guys to shop. I buy my guy friends gifts there all the time!The prices are fair. For the most part, they are pretty competitive with ebay prices and other thrift shops.
5	Great place bought some signs for my shop and they look great I will be returning maybe even tomorrow. If your looking for cool,tools,antiques,military, or basically anything then go in there. I will definitely recommend to a friend
3	Selection is amazing with tons of awesome vintage stuff oriented towards guys, so 5 stars on that but prices are pretty much retail. If you want to find a deal or are looking for 'old junk' this isn't your place. But if you want to find some clean old stuff and don't mind paying a premium you will love it if you are a man
5	Super cool shop. Great for finding unique items. It's like a yard sale specifically for guys.
5	Awesome place! So many sweet finds here! I am a ninja turtle fanatic myself, I walk in and their are tons of TMNT toys on the Shelf right by the door! Also some sweet movie posters and starwars toys. Old lunch boxes and some cool military stuff :)
4	I'm not an antique person, but my boyfriend is so we often go Mantiquing, looking for manly things. We stopped in here on a whim and was pretty impressed with all the neat stuff. Even for someone who doesn't care for old things, I really had a good time browsing around. We didn't buy anything, but maybe on our next trip since I have agreed I will come back.
5	You can walk around the store all day and still not see everything in it! This place is awesome!!!
