5	I love working out at TI Fitness!  They have some of the best trainers in the business.  I enjoy my workouts with Terrance Johnson and have seen some great results.  I am healthier and in better shape than I've been in a long time.  I would recommend TI Fitness to anyone! J. Terry
5	TI Fitness is one of the best personal training experiences you can get.  It's not a big, crowded corporate gym like most other places, but rather it's a small studio setting which is a lot more personal and intimate. The format of the gym is personal training (1-on-1 with a trainer) or group training (training in small groups of 2-6 people). The girls I workout are all super nice and fun, so you make instant friends after a few sessions.  For what you pay, it's a great value compared to the costs of trainers at other gyms.Like others have said, Terrance--the owner and head trainer--is amazing!  He's so full of energy, HILARIOUS, one of the nicest guys you'll ever meet and he really cares about you and each workout. Not to mention he's super buff and tone, which is always a good sign of a trainer who practices what he preaches. He can tell if it's too easy for you and will really challenge you so that you're working your hardest.  If you're not happy with parts of your workout/results, then he really wants to know and will talk about what he can do to improve and make the entire experience better.  Then he does it! He texts you nearly every day asking about how you're feeling after the prior day's workout and how well you're following your meal plan.  You can't ask for more attention and care.  I'm definitely a fan of TI Fitness!
4	I went to one of there FREE classes on Saturday!  Some of the best trainers I have been around.  Great new location!  If they train you as hard in the FREE classes wondering what the weekly sessions are like.  Recommand to everyone!
5	I've been coming to TI fitness for a few weeks now, and I can attest to the efficacy of their fitness program. I consider myself to be in pretty good shape (I cycle over 100 miles each week) but every time I work out here, I walk out feeling completely exhausted.  I have already lost 5 pounds and my upper body strength has increased noticeably and I am more toned.  The workout sessions are group style, with plyometrics, dumbbells, trx frames, etc. It's pretty fun and there is a lot of camaraderie.  It's a lot like CrossFit in that way, only there are no Olympic style lifts, which can easily cause back/neck problems if you don't have proper technique (most people don't).
5	Wonderful Experience with a Local family Owned business!!I had been asking around the gilbert area wondering is someone could recommend a personal trainer and TI Fitness was at the top of the list.I have been under Terrance' instruction as my personal trainer for a month now and already feel the results. He is incredibly knowledgeable, kind and courteous as is the rest of the staff. Best trainer in the Biz and he'll make sure you receive the best conditioning training possible.Well worth your time!~Stew
