4	Katie and her husband run a clean, well-maintained shop. They do take appointments but you can always try dropping in - on Saturdays, it's just the two of them working so it helps to go ahead and make an appointment. Their spa pedicure includes a hot stone foot massage. They offer all those extra treatments like hot wax but they don't push them on you or make you feel like you have ugly feet. Their prices are very reasonable - about $25 for a pedicure. Katie does offer spa treatments like waxing but I've not used those services.
4	Katie is great, very talented at free hand design. The only thing that's even remotely negative is that her husband thinks that he's a stand up comedian, but it's often very hard to understand him. He also seldom turns it off. If you have patients for people like that, it's a great environment. Their prices are very good and the service is better than other salons that I've tried in the valley
1	What happened to Katie? A sign says under new management. Unfortunately the chemical smell (paint? acetone?) was so bad I couldn't stay. The only reason I gave one star was because I couldn't select zero. If the smell is an indication of the new mgmt's quality of service, I won't be back. Sad because Katie was awesome.
4	The shop has been under new management for about two months. They have already invested in a nice coat of paint and new spa pedicure chairs. They charge a little more than previous owners but still very reasonable prices.
5	First time i have ever been here. I came because, i had a coupon i got a mani and pedi for only $28.00 . Can't beat that in any way. They are very clean everything is sterile. I always pay attention to this.     I got black and silver for Halloween. The lady took a little longer than usual but, she did a wonderful job and gave me a great leg massage even with hot stones.   They open at 9:30am which is fantastic! because we are all so busy.  Lots of parking in the lot. I will be back.
4	My girlfriend visits Jenny at KT every time we fly to Arizona. We have yet to find a comparable manicure or pedicure near our home in Ohio. Jenny is just that good, and her prices are incredibly low.
4	I recently moved to the area and needed my nails done. I just drove around until I found a place, and I came upon KT Nails. It was a monday evening, and I was the only one when I walked in. I was instantly greeted and escorted to a seat. I got a gel polish, and a pedicure. The service was great and the price was good as well. Lots of other people came in while I was getting serviced, and the staff was very friendly. I want to check out a couple other places in the area, but I can see myself going back.
4	Great place.  I have been there twice and am going back tomorrow.  This is a very clean environment with staff that are very respectful. I only get pedicures, and always get callous removal, and for $25 that can't be beat.  You get hot stone leg and foot massages as well as warm lotion massages and hot towels. Believe me, I have tried all the local competitors.  The last time I was there, three ASU girls came in to get waxed for spring break and one mentioned that this is the ONLY place she will go.  Both of my technicians were very skilled and used sterile technique.  No language barrier at all.  Nice people.
1	I can't quite figure out how these people are doing better business than Katie use to do. I went to Katie weekly for years, because she was fabulous at what she did. First time I returned after she sold, the shop is completely packed. Instead of telling me that there was a ridiculous wait, I sat in the lobby for 30 minutes. Then was moved to the pedi station, where I sat for an additional 30 minutes. The girl who did my pedi was horrible. I could have done a better job myself at home. Then I get to the mani station. The arrogant woman doing my nails has an overblown opinion of her work. When I told her that I was a faithful client of Katie, they bad mouthed her, which is unprofessional and pathetic. Then after being told how much better and more attractive they were, she proceeded to give me one of the worst and over priced full sets I've ever gotten.
4	Felt the urge to spoil myself so I decided to get my nails done,  and went to the closet place by my house. That was a smart idea! This place was awesome,  it was busy and all the employees seemed to know every single customer that walked in, they were quick and my nails look awesome. Since moving to Arizona and have lived all over the valley, this has been my best experience at a nail salon. Best news: they are completely inexpensive. I definitely will be back in 2-3 weeks for my fill :)P.S. It is best to call ahead and make an appointment just so you don't get stuck waiting a long time..
5	I'm a hairstylist, I can do my own nails, but that doesn't satisfy my pampering needs. I stand on my feet all day and am constantly using my hands in chemicals and shampoo.  My hands and feet take a beating. I love having pretty finger/toe nails. You can get pretty at most nail salons. This place does so much more than just make them pretty. They also make them feel pretty darn good. KT Nails goes above and beyond when it comes to the massage portion of a pedicure. For starters, the massage lotion is kept in a warmer so there's no shock of cold lotion when they first apply it to your feet/legs. Some places barely take the time to rub in the lotion and then they move on. Not here -- they don't skimp on the massage at all. They make my legs and feet feel like magic!! Just when you think your bliss is coming to an end, they bust out hot rocks!! And when that's over, they get steamy hot towels and wrap your feet in them!! I get the sugar scrub pedicure and all this special treatment is only $25!! I get a gel manicure and they have the widest variety of colors that I have ever seen and as a bonus, they are all painted on discs so you can see what color they actually are after they are cured. I've been to other places and they get sloppy when it comes to painting gel. It's very important to me that the gel doesn't get on my cuticle because that creates ridges that gets stuck in my clients hair. They always paint my gel perfectly and it stays on an exceptionally long time!!The owner Jenny is a sweetheart. She is always pleasant and periodically walks around checking the work of the nail techs and talks to the clients making sure they are having a spectacular experience as well.I can't say enough great things about this place.
5	Excellent, friendly service. They helped me pick out a nail color that I LOVE (and I'm kind of picky and indecisive). Very reasonable prices, especially for the quality. My nails look great. I got gels for the first time and my nail tech did such a good job shaping my nails and polishing them, they almost look fake they're so perfect. No strong chemical smells, and the place was very clean. I would definitely go back.
5	I absolutely love this salon! Jenny is the absolute best! She always makes me laugh and she knows exactly what I like and what's best for my hands and nails. This salon is super clean as well! It's spotless every time I've been. That's hard to find...
1	Went in Sunday because my regular place was swamped.  Thought this would be a good choice because closer to home.  Went and they were not very busy (should have been a clue) and only had a pedicure.  Worst one I have ever had.  Polish on one toe was coming off with 3 hours. Ill wait for my old salon to have an opening next time. Tech seemed bothered by having to do a pedicure while soccer was on.
4	Great salon prices are black and white and they don't try to bribe you into other things! Very friendly
