5	I absolutely love this Veterinary! I recommend it to anyone I know who has a pet. For about a decade I have visited many different vets in the Phoenix/ Scottsdale area with many of of my pets I have owned and have never really liked them. I was referred to Chaparral Vet by a close friend. when my older dog was sick. I took him in and they treated him very well, explained everything thoroughly to me, wanted to help in anyway they could and everyone were very nice. One of the best things about this vet is that they don't want to BS you and talk you into a shot they think your animal needs, a test they think needs to be down or other costly things. I think a lot of Vets indeed take advantage of clients and it becomes really expensive. Chaparral Vet explains your options to you and doesn't push you into things. My dog was 16 and I had to bring him in a lot as he developed chronic ear infections and respiratory infections. They always treated me and my dog so great and put his needs first. Once my dog woke up with a respiratory infection that had ultimately blocked him from breathing out of his nose. Even though they were booked that day and very busy with a medical procedure on a horse, they insisted me to come in right away and that they would make sure someone could treat my dog. I have worked with all of the different doctors there and they all are just as amazing. I also live 35 minutes away but I don't mind the drive because I know my animal is in great hands at Chaparral Veterinary.
5	The staff here is great and really share a passion for animals. The doctors are friendly and couldn't be any more willing to listen and help. The facility is beautiful and very well equipped. I'm not sure there is a perfect veterinarian, but this is as close as it gets in my opinion. Kudos to them and their team!
5	Just returned home with my puppy who has been sick the last couple of days. Yesterday I took her to a vet close to me that I have used before and was very disappointed. The staff has all changed and the care just isn't what it used to be. So first thing this morning I took my pup to Chaparral hoping they would squeeze us in without an appointment. They took us right in without a second thought. The vet tech was awesome in getting all the information and sequence of events. When I showed her the paperwork from the other vet she knew right off what the meds were that were given and what they were for. Dr. Adriano took time to listen to what was going on with the pup and we brainstormed together to find some kind of solution. They did blood work, x rays and had results within minutes. They presented the options and we began treatment. She gave me her expectations of what she thought the treatment should accomplish and gave me all the paperwork I would need if the pup had to see an emergency vet after hours. X rays, lab work etc. They even apologized for the wait, as it was vaccination day, but I was just happy that they were able to get me in!
