4	Kona has an amazing happy hour.  Its so amazing that you wont be able to get a seat, unless you are lucky.  We tried going at around 4:30 pm on a Friday, and it took about 30 minutes to get a bar table, however we had to use our charming wives to get us the seat.  The location in Gilbert is pretty small, the happy hour is only valid on the porch.  I have only been to this Kona once, and that was for happy hour.  So I cannot comment on the majority of there food.  We ordered some spicy tuna rolls and they were pretty good.  Overall, if you get out of work early go here to get some amazingly cheap drinks.
3	This place was ok. They have a nice patio/bar area and I thought it was a decent size, but man does this place get crowded. Now, I grew up in Gilbert so I know there are only a handful of places to go and have drinks so they get packed on the weekends. We waited about 20 minutes, maybe more, before we got a table. We would have left if we hadn't decided that we just wanted to stick close to home that night. They had some drink specials for $3-$4, sake bombers are $6.50 during HH. They also had a few rolls and appetizers and pizzas to choose from that were half off. The food was ok. Nothing great or memorable. You have to get here early. We also got here at about 4:30 on a Friday and that was too late. Lots of families with kids dining in the bar area.
3	It gets harder and harder to get excited about a chain restaurant, but Kona at least keeps the same quality across the board.  I actually prefer this location to the ones at Chandler or Scottsdale malls.  The patio section here is much quieter, and this is in walking distance of several other places.The sake bombers are awesome, if very potent (duh, it's sake!)  The service is always quick, even when the places is wall to wall.  The crowd is usually a good mix, with plenty of random people at the bar for interesting conversation.  The food is standard Kona fare, tasty, if a little pricy for what you get.  I could sit and eat the edamame all night, but for a full sushi meal I have places I would go first.Ultimately the reason I keep going back to Kona is the atmosphere - I love the mixed crowd and the people watching opportunities.
3	Nice restaurant, but the waitress was a bit lacking. It wasn't busy in there, but she seemed to have issues removing bottles and dirty plates from out table. The food was good, but just a warning - the shrimp and garlic pizza is pretty much caked with shrimp. If you are not 110% a fish fan, order something else.Husband liked his barbeque pizza, and would go again.
4	Happy Hour all day on Saturdays?!  $4 drink specials?  Sold!  Don't know if it was the margaritas and martinis, but we were feeling pretty good and relaxed!  Good looking people all around us (once again, don't know if it's the alcohol), a nice breeze blowing through the patio area, delicious food, and great company, yeah, I had a great time here.  Will def visit this place when I return to AZ.
4	I like the variety of food that this place has to offer, but I often order the pizza because it's really good. The service is always exceptional. On nice days it's really nice to sit in their outdoor patio area. Sushi is pretty good here too, along with their seaweed salad. I didn't like their calamari though.
4	Ok, for starters we had the avocado egg rolls. This alone makes this place 5 star worthy. Even my 9 year old loved them. They have good choices for kids, for a nicer place. My kids got pizza and had no complaints.I had the macadamia crusted chicken and it was decent. My wife had the meatloaf but wasn't impressed for the money. Overall not bad, I would come back for the egg rolls though and give other stuff on the menu a try. Staff was friendly and helpful. I didn't notice many cougars, but it wasn't happy hour, nor was I at the bar. Haha
4	Being from California, I was hesitant to try sushi in Arizona.  I mean, how fresh could it be?  Well, I'm glad I did because it was really fresh and really delicious here.  The variety of food that you can order here is so interesting!  My husband and I have enjoyed sushi, pad thai, and pizza all in the same meal.  Some of my favorite items include the edamame, salmon nigiri, Philadelphia roll and the Macadamia Nut Chicken.
2	After shopping on Black Friday with the scorching heat, we decided to dine indoors instead of the patio.  Not the greatest idea, we should have just sat outdoor in the heat.  It has the cool misters.  The wait services and prices are much better in the patio.  Two appetizers, three sandwiches, 2 fountain drinks, and 1 alcoholic beverage, our tab came out to $60 (tips not included).  $20/person for lunch?  Expensive.We should have tried Blue Wasabi in the same complex. (sighs...next trip)
3	Food was Excellent, but my friend and I ending up talking for 15 minutes before any staff came to our table for ordering. The order time was also very long.  The all girl waitresses liked to huddle and hang out before heading to any of the tables, which I did not like. Again, the food is amazing though.
4	My sister suggested that we go here for dinner since I'd never been.  We went at about 8pm on a Friday night, and it was a 20 minute wait.  We started off with Edamame (which you can never go wrong with) and this shrimp appetizer that was really good. The shrimp is lightly battered and fried, and then they put this sweet and sour sauce over it.  I really wanted to try one of the asian noodle dishes, but the waitress they were about a 6 on a scale of 1-10 spicyness, so I wasn't even going to try.  I was happy with what I got instead though.  I ended up getting the asian cabbage salad with macadamia nut chicken on top and a bowl of turkey chili.  The salad was really good, but I definitely will ask for light dressing next time (I don't like to much dressing).  The chicken in the salad was delicious!  And the turkey chili was yummy and not too spicy for my taste.We ended our meal with the brownie with ice cream.  The brownie was so moist and soft.  I normally don't like brownies in restaurants because they're often dry, but this was not the case. MMMMMM!!!
2	Well, I have to admit first that I have been here before and had decent service, between 3 and 4 stars...BUT, the time I decide to go, for my girlfriends b-day AND spend the most money here I ever have, turned out to be the worst!  They have a sushi plate, that quotes 13 pieces...13 pieces of sushi, right?  WRONG!  6 pieces of legit sushi, 1 piece of imitation krab, and 6 pieces of a freakin california roll!  Are you kidding me!  Your going to say I get "13 pieces of sushi" (verbatime) and six of those are 1 california roll.  Anyways, so we asked them to take it back, and order something with more sushi, and more expensive.  Unfortunately, our snooty waitress didnt appreciate that nor have any interest in our reasoninig.  So the rest of the evening we had a krap experience from our server.Whatever, I have been there about 7 times now, they have a cool bartender there (light skinned guy with braids), decent happy hour and so-so sushi for arizona's sakes.  This is better the Wasabi sushi atleast...but if your not set on Sushi, try Gordon Biersch, The Keg or the mexican place in that mall for happy hour first.
4	I've always liked Kona Grill, especially for happy hour.  I think that both the Chandler and Scottsdale locations have a better "vibe" however, this is still one of the more happening places in Gilbert on Friday and Saturday nights.  I've never thought the food was worthy of five stars, however, I cannot really think of anything specific to complain about either.  Actually, my favorite thing about KG is the jellyfish light fixtures :)We started out in the bar this afternoon, however, with the doors open, it was kind of chilly and although it was pre-happy hour, it was noisy and I felt very exposed sitting in the middle of the bar.  We decided to move to the restaurant side and sit in a booth which made for a much more comfortable and relaxing dining experience.  My friend ordered the Kona Cheeseburger with fries (the smaller 6 oz) which didn't look entirely special and the portion of fries seemed quite small.  He must have been really hungry as he wolfed it down with no complaints.  I had a hard time deciding what to order...I was hungry but not starving.  I noticed that they've changed their appetizers and no longer offer the giant onion rings :(  I opted for a fairly healthy option, the Sushi Combo ($11) which includes eight california rolls, and one each of salmon, tuna and shrimp.  The house salad (dressing on the side) was very fresh and tasty.  Overall, it was more filling than it looked and I really enjoyed it.So, I will definitely be back to Kona, athough they certainly have competition in the immediate area.  Two of my favorites, Brio Tuscan Grill and The Keg are both great options depending on what I'm in the mood for...if it's sushi, then KG is the place.
4	Perfect place for b-day dinner with the family.  Happy hour out on the patio, margaritas, sushi roll's, won ton's, pad thai.  All very tasty, great prices, good service.  Overall, I think this is one of my favorite local restaurants.  Not a big fan of chains, however I don't really feel like it's in that category.
4	Good place when you have a mixed group of Sushi and non-Sushi eaters.  They offer a gluten free menu and are accommodating at making changes to your order.  I particularly enjoy the Blood Orange martini, or two, and the Salmon Special Roll.  However because they are a chain restaurant they recently changed their menu based on the nationwide popular choices.  For me that means no more Hana Salad which I loved, and my partner was sorry to see one of their noodles dishes go, but he has learned to order a new noodle dish and ask them to make it with Ramen noodles.
5	I love the place. The food is great. I haven't stay for long because of the movie but would like to come back sometimes.
4	Great indoor/outdoor space... and some very fun drinks.  Would have given 5 stars if service was faster- but it wasn't too big of a deal.   The patio made us feel like we had gone on a vacation- I love that feeling!
4	I can only tell you what I ate since I have only been there once. The cheese sticks and pizza are great! If I went went back I would be hard pressed to not get the same thing. The pizza itself I was really impressed since this is not a pizza joint, but it was put together very well and makes my mouth water as we speak. They have a great happy hour special from 10 pm till close where they offer happy hour pizza if you like eating that late. The special drinks there are very expensive my wife and her mother ordered a pitcher and it was around 30 bucks. Trust me eat the pizza and drink water and leave with your money and a happy tummy.
4	We stopped by Kona Grill today for lunch mostly because we were in the area and wanted somewhere to sit and have a bite. The Restaurant is comfortable and beautiful. We got there just after they opened so there were not a lot of customers but i suspect it was because we were there so early. The menu has changed since the last time I ate there so it took me a while to go through the menu. Along with their regular menu, for lunch they offer 15 items and you can choose two for $8. I selected the miso soup and the sushi combo consisting of shrimp, tuna and salmon sushi. If you are not into sushi, also on the choose two menu is an assortment of salads soups and sandwiches. Our server was excellent and was attentive.
4	Happy hour is great, although crowded!  The $3.50 margaritas are no joke - you get 2 of these and you're set for the night.  The $4.50 martinis however are too sweet and not that strong (tried the pomegranate and the classic cosmo) .  The happy hour food specials are great.  Good selection of $3, $4.50, $5 items.  Had a couple of their rolls (spicy tuna and CA roll - boring I know but, hey, they were 3 bucks!), had the chicken and shrimp lettuce wraps (very good) and the calamari (also very good until they got kinda cold and rubbery - but when they were hot, they were delish - especially with the spicy sauce they come with!).Definitely a fan of this place, even though getting a table during happy hour is tricky (but not impossible).  Won't be the last time I come here for happy hour I'm sure.
4	Went here to have lunch and they serve such a great selection of appetizers that we order off that menu and shared! Good food, well prepared and pretty good service for a very busy Sunday afternoon. They have a good mix of food with a fresh sushi bar. Nice outside seating area too. Go out and try it!
3	I think this place has potential.The decor & vibe are very nice, but when I was there, service was not great. Our waiter was nice and all but it was slow and what I ordered they were out of. BF and I had a roll that was good, my sparkling wine drink with hibiscus was good (and pretty). But the "chicken & shrimp" lettuce wraps and the noodles w/beef we had were not.
3	I just went back here the other night and it was great pizza like always but be careful if you want to sit outside and you go after 10 since it is reverse happy hour and anyone under 18 can't be outside. We had to sit at the sushi bar to get the happy hour prices which sucks. We really want to eat there while enjoying the night, my last review was higher but I was not happy with the service this time. Too bad maybe next time.
1	Had lunch at the Kona Grill @ San Tan Village this past weekend and it was an overall terrible experience. I've been going to Kona Grill restaurants for years and never had an experience this bad, and that includes one time having a twist tie in my veggies at the Scottsdale location.We were seated straight away because we arrived around 1:30 or so. Our server greeted us within a minute or so and we ordered drinks but weren't ready to order our meal. Our liquid refreshments arrived within less than a minute. So far, everything is cool.Then things went downhill. It took another 10 minutes, after getting beverages, for our server to get back to us to take our meal order. Since we don't typically order starters, we expect it to take about 10 minutes or so to get our meal. After 30 minutes, however, I had to hunt down our server and ask on the status and was told that they had to make a new batch of mashed potatoes and they were waiting for that. I told her that the rest can be served and then give us the mash after it's ready.Our meals arrived, but they had apparently been sitting under a heat lamp for quite awhile because they were lukewarm at best. Then the potatoes came a few minutes later and they tasted like cleaning solution.If I could give 1.5 stars, I would have, because the server did knock off 50% the cost of one entree which made me a little less irked. But, all-in-all, I probably will never go back to this Kona Grill because of this experience.
4	Great Happy Hour Specials
4	Yummy.  Went to happy hour with the husband and it was delicious as always.  Had the vegetarian roll and spicy shrimp roll.  Husband had the spicy shrimp roll and California roll.  Shared the calamari.  Easy to get a seat on a Monday at 4:30, but difficult at other times.  We've been here a lot and love it!
3	There are things I love about Kona, and things that I'm not so crazy about. First, those that I love! The macadamia nut chicken is to die for! the marmalade that they pair with it adds a surprising sweetness that stays with you (in a good way). The house salad is also very good and not boring at all. Now for the not so great: I am extremely allergic to fish, and though I understand that Kona focuses on sushi, I wish there was more vegetarian or chicken options to choose from. Also, the service can be a bit spotty in the dining room during happy hour. The wait staff seems more interested in mingling with the guests on the patio than in doing their jobs. Overall, a great chain to visit on this side of the country.
4	Always delicious! I love the chopped salad and my hubby gets the seared ahi on fried rice. A bit pricey ($75 for us w/ child) but the kids menu is good - delicious large portions with drink for $5.
5	Okay, I am definitely a Konavore.  I go here at least 3 times a month for happy hour and it never disappoints.Last night was my birthday, so to celebrate we went (sans kids!!!!!) to happy hour.  We had the fiery shrimp and california roll, calamari, avocado roll, and vegetarian roll as well as a few ladies margaritas and Kirins.  The service is always top notch and the food delicious. Getting a table is another matter, but we always seem to luck out. Though my husband hates standing over people waiting for them to leave :-)
4	Good casual food, the tuna is good.
3	**Update** Since I posted this in Yelp, Kona Grill's District Manager has reached out to me in an act of great customer service. In an era where that's hard to find, I have to give them kudos for listening to their reviews (warts and all) and proactively working to improve relationships with diners. For the effort, I give them another star and I'd try again. Original post: Potstickers were a disappointment in the filling. Tasted like a meatball mix. Cucumber salad was just ok and the sushi was low level. Asked for a plain salad for my kid and that wasn't done right, and her mac n cheese was lukewarm. Overall a real disappointment for $80.
4	Always enjoy Kona Grill. Excellent food!
3	Pretty average food. Clearly the patio is the place to see and be seen. We had a few hiccups with our service but nothing too out of the ordinary for a busy Friday night. The pricing is what you would expect to pay from a trendy sushi place, my husband and I had an appetizer, a few rolls and drinks for under $40. Like most places, if you go for the specialty rolls you'll take a hit in your wallet. It is a little loud inside, so if youre looking for a quiet meal best to avoid. We did see a family with a little baby so the noise helps out if you wanna save paying a sitter by taking the kids with you.
4	I have to say, every time i go and visit my brother in Phoenix -  not once have we missed out on a night eating at Kona. I love this place!! I tend to stick to their sushi and I have never been disappointed. Who would think seafood in the desert could taste so delicious and fresh!  The Sashimi was perfect, and the spicy tuna roll had just enough punch to keep your taste buds happy! The prices aren't anything scary either so that's always a bonus. I like the feel of this restaurant because you could show up in a party dress or down in jean shorts and a t shirt and either way fit right in! Good for a date night, birthday party or a quick drink and something to nosh on. The Kona Grill in Scottsdale is a little more dressy and club like, but this one in Gilbert has always delivered, and I always look forward to keeping the tradition on!!
4	I don't think that it gets any better than this. Great Food and a huge selection of fresh sushi. My favorite thing about this place is the chicken kabobs and the two amazing sauces they come with. The only bad thing about this place was that the waiter tool the plate before we ate the co slaw. Other wise thats the only thing that kept them from a five star review.
3	Kona Grill is good but a little overpriced. The exception to this rule is if you can get a table during happy hour. That's a big "IF" as there never seems to be enough seating and happy hour does not apply to the main restaurant area. However, if you can score a seat, the HH menu is great and we consistently munch on the veggie rolls and avocado egg rolls. I would give them a higher rating we were able to enjoy their happy hour more often.
4	I ignored going to Kona for awhile because of it's weird menu.  Unlike Z-tejas, Kona couldn't figure out how to infuse food.  I went there for lunch and the menu was completley different.  Tried my dads burger and it was good and huge.  I ordered the sushi with the habenero sauce it was very good.  I also tried the salmon and that was good, and none of this was overpriced.  I like Brio but it's pricey.  Cantino Laredo is heavy food, weird and pricey.  Kona seems to be a good reasonable place to get a meal.
4	Ok, let me tell you that I have been going to multiple Kona grill locations for many years now, and this is the first time I have had negative things to say.  I go there to have sushi and saki bombers especially when the weather is nice.  I like the seating and the feel of the restaurant.  Typically, I get good service.  The most recent outing to Kona was a let down.  Usually, the sushi quality is average.  On this occasion, I was given mostly rice balls with no filling in the center.  These were the smallest "sushi rolls" I have ever seen.  To compliment the sushi I was served my saki and beer in dirty glasses.  The saki shot glass looked like it had black mold at the bottom, and the pitcher had hard food stuck on it.  My glass was similarly disgusting.  I refused my saki shot glass and received another equally moldy one as a replacement.  I eventually just wiped it out with my napkin and proceeded to drink away my cares.**An update:  Kona management contacted me and assured me that they take this feedback seriously.  They have talked with the staff and taken steps to try to avoid this happening again in the future.***I visited Kona again, and this time everything had been corrected.  The dishes were clean, the food was good, and the service was good!
4	The Happy Hour at Kona Grill is definitely hard to beat!  The variety of food specials offered are amazing and there is something for everyone.  Their variety of drink specials is very good.  However, it would be nice if they offered a special on well drinks.   I have also enjoyed dinner at Kona Grill but have often felt very rushed through my meal which is never pleasant.  Their sushi and ahi tuna (cooked rare) is my all time favorite.  The wait staff is professional and very attentive.
5	Great atmosphere and excellent food and drink!
2	We stopped in for a quick happy hour lunch. 1/2 priced rolls, other appetizers and $3.50 Ladies Margarita. First the sushi rolls were very good, on the small side but they were $3 so for that price they were amazing :) potstickers were good too. Now the down side to the review: the $3.50 margarita was the worst drink I have ever ordered. I didnt expect top shelf tequila but I also didn't expect it to burn a hole in my tongue either!!! When I asked waitress what kind of tequila it was she said "I don't know I thinks it's just well tequila" I said I'm sorry but it really bad I can't drink it. And unbelievably she said "yea...I know." I canNOT believe a bar/restaurant would knowingly serve a bad drink, and this was a 1/2 price drink I would never have paid $7 for that drink!! They took the drink off the bill but seriously bad form on kona grill's part to sell crap to customers
3	This is another one of those places that you don't visit for the sushi.  You go to get cheap drinks, at happy hour, and fill up on sushi to fill the void that the alcohol has caused.  The sushi is sub par.  Period.  I hate saying that because I do enjoy going to Kona but it's the truth.I have had their dinner and had a nice experience.  I had the salmon and it was cooked well, not over cooked or at all dry.  I have also had the macadamia chicken with mashed potatos.  Now, that's delicious.  I've also had their pizza and potstickers and was pretty satisfied.  Not the best but you get your monies worth.I do enjoy a cosmo and theirs is good.  And cheap.  Cheap is always good, right?I would recommend this to someone who is looking for happy hour and might have a friend that doesn't want or like sushi.
1	So I have eaten here several times now all at happy hour. While the menu selection and pricing for happy hour is attractive and the potential atmosphere on the patio is inviting...the food consistently underwhelms. the very first time I ate here was over a year ago and i was pleasantly surprised with "good" quality rolls, satay, pot stickers (not the best but good), and decent drinks. I resolved to try it again. Fast forward 7-8 months later we move to Mesa AZ and I excitedly tell my wife about this "great happy hour place near our new house!" What ensues is like some farce or comedic nightmare. Happy Hour 4 x times in 2 months. visit #one...poorly constructed rolls falling apart, greasy calimari, and super sweet drinks. Not good...chalk it up to a bad night. Visit #2 same experience with the same menu. Hmmm. that was pretty disappointing. Visit #3 Birthday Happy hour with wife and daughter...but again, poorly constructed rolls (loose and falling apart), gamey tasting sushi, avocado rolls had no flavor and almost cold, calamari barely fried...pale white batter full of grease yet again (oil not hot enough), edamame almost raw and hard, drinks tasted like sugar water, to top it off we all got sick that night (yep out the back end) ..AND our mathematician of a waitress somehow calculated a super great tip... charged our card 70 dollar tip on a 90 dollar bill. this was saturday night and didn't catch it until Sunday when I looked at my bank account online Receipt was accurate but input to till was wrong....walked in to restaurant on Monday to get it fixed and share my experience. Had to call them again the next day just to get an answer on the overcharge. 1 week to fix charge and sent us two 10 dollar gift cards. Way to serve the customers who got sick, overcharged and underwhelmed experience. 4th visit. Wife and I decide to use the gift cards and give it one more try (you know, we are hopeful because we like the concept and we think the recent "spank" woke them up)...happy hour. wave roll, voodoo roll, margehrita pizza, edamame, drinks. I'll cut to the chase...no one there gives a "Sh&t" about the food. Not the cooks, managers, or servers not quality control...very evident... Drinks are a watery, sugary mess, kind of like hopped up Powerade Zero, sushi cooks (not chefs) need a lot of help and training and someone going "Gordon Ramsay" on their ass, rolls are loose and look like they are thrown together by a toddler...do they even know what a roll is?, pizza crust soggy and wet with balsamic vinegar (it's called "crust" folks) and once again edamame hard and raw. Sorry 4 strikes and you are out. Too bad, because if the food was made properly by someone who cared (and perhaps even tasted it before sending it) and the drinks were made by a bartender that knew how to balance alcohol with juice and syrup...you might actually have something. Do not waste your money here because of half price apps and drinks...i would rather pay full price somewhere else and have an enjoyable experience. I don't know what the other locations are like in this chain, but this location is riding on fumes of past success. Don't waste your hard earned dough.
5	I LOVE the Kona grill Happy hours!  A great place to meet friends for a drink, and who can complain about half-price apps and sushi! Love the Mahi Mahi, crunch rolls, Cali rolls w/jalapanos, calamari, and avocado egg roll! Yes, you WILL need to get there early to get seats, but worth the extra effort!
3	Like the one in Chandler, this place is a bit pricey with decent food.  It's not spectacular, but pretty good.  The best value is their happy hour, and the food choices at happy hour are moderately varied and fairly good.One thing of note is that their sushi doesn't use raw fish.  We've had two different rolls now, and neither had fresh fish in it.  It was cooked/prepared in some manner.  It wasn't bad, but it's better if it's uncooked and fresh.They really (really!!!!) need to turn the volume down in the bar area.  They have TVs going that you can't hear because they are blaring music at an obnoxious level, and everyone is shouting because otherwise their companions can't here them.  I expect loud music at a happy hour like this, but theirs is really excessive.
3	I have two complaints that prevented me from giving this Kona Grilla 4-star rating, both relating to their Chicken Chili "soup". There are only 4 soups on their menu, and this is the first one listed, so I was expecting a bowl of soup, not a traditional bowl of chili. Second is that their chili contained beans - a lot of beans. Beans are used in chili as a stretcher - quality restaurants never put beans in their chili. And since beans kind of stick inside your mouth, the chili left a terrible aftertaste that was difficult to get rid of. Other than having beans, the chili had very good flavor.On the positive side, my main dish was the Caribbean chicken which was delicious, and a large portion size. I've never a jerk chicken meal that was memorable until this one. It was quite spicy, as it should be. The staff was also very good - no complaints there.
4	I had not been there in years and decided to try it again. The food was really good. I had the Salmon and my wife had the asparagus salad. She raved about hers and said it was excellent. I thought it was all good, but a bit pricey for regular dinner out. With tip we paid $80.
3	I would really like to give a 3.5, because overall this was a pretty good experience, but just not great. We started with the avocado eggroll, recommended by one of my friends, and it was pretty good... the dipping sauce was the best part. My best friend and I had the sea bass, which is my favorite fish, and were both underimpressed. The fried rice was dry and the fish had no miso flavor at all, it was pretty much just a properly cooked piece of plain sea bass(which I do appreciate, because far too many places overcook fish). They did bring me a complimentary birthday dessert, which was very nice, but there was just nothing that brought this meal to the next level. I will definitely try them again some time, but will not be rushing back to do so.
4	Great service on such an awesome day in AZ! Happy hour is good as well.
4	I am not rating the food quality here. If I were to do that it would get a three. I am rating the happy hour, or should I say multiple happy hours that occur through out the day. I am talking about $3 rolls, $4 drinks, $5 avocado rolls that are to die for. Why pay full price when you can get it at half off? The ambiance is also fun. They have regular happy hour from 4-6:30 (don't hold me accountable to this, but it is somewhere along that) and reverse happy hour after 10pm. This happy hour is available Monday - Friday and Sundays. So if you are looking for some good happy hour snacks at super affordable prices come here.
5	My family and I came here for a "pre" pre-wedding family dinner celebration. We decided on Kona Grill because we learned they had a decent selection of dishes, which was what we were looking for with our large group. There was 13 of us in the group (we had reservations from a week before), and every one of us was talking about how much we enjoyed the food and service once the night was over. We ordered 3 appetizers, 3 bottles of vino, 13 dishes, and did not have a single issue with anything over the 2 hours we were there. Several servers helped us, and all were friendly and attentative. Overall, we had a great experience. 5 stars all the way for the food, service, and experience we had. We're still talking about the great time we had almost a week later!
4	Bartender's were awesome and their specialty drink
2	This chain restaurant has a good happy hour. That is until you look around and realize every view is a parking lot. (Gilbert).  Of course the deals are so good, why not bring the whole family? I am not happy drinking sake bombers with lots of children looking at a parking lot, 'twas rather depressing.
3	I went here a few weeks ago with a group of 6.  The patio was packed, so we had to sit inside...of course there was no happy hour inside so that was a major bummer.  There is plenty on the menu to choose from...I go the chicken pad thai and it was okay.  It had a strange flavor to it...I think there was black beans in it...and it was slightly smokey.  Not your typical pad thai and definately not what I was expecting.  Food-wise I'd give it a 2, and I wouldn't go back for dinner.  Not all that good, especially for how expensive it is. I'm giving this place a 3 because I hear the happy hour is pretty amazing, and from the look of the happy hour menu it is!  Next time I'll plan on going a little earlier, and just the two of us so it's easier to get a seat.
4	We've been here a couple of times, but just tried their happy hour for the first time, and I must say....I'm a fan!  $3 Margaritas and lots of cheap food items.  No wonder the patio/lounge is always packed!  We got there about 4:30 and we snagged one of a few empty tables, but anyone coming around 5 had to stand by the entrance an wait for a table to open up.  Because it's soooo busy during happy hour, service can be a little slow, but it's not because they're not trying.  Margs were decent and the sushi rolls I had were tasty!  We'll definitely be going back!
3	I ate here with a group of 11.  We started with calamari, which was good, but seemed small.  We then all ordered sushi.  We did not get the happy hour, so the prices were quite high for my tastes.  I asked my brother-in-law if the sushi rolls were large or small as he had ordered them before.  He told me that they were a good size, so I ordered 2 rolls for myself -- the Volcano Roll and a Crab Crunch Roll.  When the food arrived, I was shocked at how small the portions were.  The Volcano roll was tiny while the Crab Crunch Roll was average in size.  I guess the size of the rolls depends greatly on the chef for the day...Everything tasted good.  The Volcano Roll was great.  I enjoyed the Crab Crunch.  My wife's roll had too much eel sauce for my taste, but she enjoyed it.The service was good except when it came time to get the check.  I think that we sat there for a full 30 minutes prior to them bringing the check.  Again, the prices were high.  The average price per person was around $25, which wouldn't be so bad if half of us didn't leave hungry.  My sister-in-law and her boyfriend were thinking of going to taco bell after the meal.
3	I have been to the Kona @ Chandler and Scottsdale and never had a problem.  When I arrived at SanTan location and walked up to the desk the hostess just stared at us.... I fInally said hello to her and she asked how many in our party (super wierd and unfriendly).  Two of us ordered Moscato and one of us ordered Chardonnay.  We couldn't tell the difference between them.... The moscato wasn't sweet and the Chardonnay didn't really have any taste.  Our server was nice and our sushi rolls were fine... I've had better at the other locations.
4	Good Asian food with some interesting twists. We had the calamari and the spicy aioli really went well with calamari serves with both legs and rings. Also had the Ahi katsuo which was delicious. Wish they had hot mustard as it is a nice dip. Wasabi was good and added to the ahi.  We will be back!
3	I'm teetering between three and four stars because the food and drinks here are excellent. Everything on the menu always seems so enticing, but honestly, I never stray from the happy hour selection (more about that in a minute). But I'd have to go with the three stars because the service isn't always the best at this location. I feel like  it's hit or miss. Either we get decent service, or we're forgotten. But maybe that's what I get for sitting in the bar during the packed happy hour.Right, happy hour. It's one of the better in town, food-wise. Pretty much everything on their HH menu is half-priced during the twice daily happy hours. I went to the 3:00 start yesterday, and the bar was packed already! By the time I left, everyone was borderline hammered... and it wasn't even 5 p.m. yet. My favorite orders off that menu are the sushi rolls and flatbreads. You can get good sushi for $3-4 a roll during HH! And they have a big selection of decently-priced drinks. From cocktails, to sake bombs, and good ol' beers on tap, this is a happy hour not to miss! Just don't expect the service to be out of this world every time. The bar does have a high tolerance for loud groups too, so people come here to enjoy good food and get rowdy. For this reason, I prefer to sit on the patio.
5	I love this place! We were just here last night! The atmosphere is relaxing and fresh! It has a sophisticated yet "young adult" feel to it. (BTW, I'm 37 and still consider myself young, ok!) the sushi is delicious! Spicy Tuna Rolls are my fave! My hubby regularly orders the BBQ flat bread and pot stickers, which are cooked and served to perfection!We ordered dessert for the first time and they were amazing! The brownie has got to be the best this Valley has to offer! Check out the photos! And the pineapple upside down cake has the perfect balance of rich and sweet. Our friend ordered a cheesecake and to his shock, no cheesecake on the menu! He couldn't believe and was visibly disappointed. That's when he settled for the brownie. After his first bite, he never mentioned cheesecake again.My spouse and I ordered the pineapple upside down cake but got to taste the brownie too! Oh-My-Goodness! I'll be ordering the brownie next time for sure! Not too sweet, it has the perfect amount of chocolate, moisture, and deliciousness! Mmm, Mmm Good!
4	I went here for the first time yesterday during happy hour! It was definitely cheap and so many rolls, omg. The place was really busy and I like how there's a choice to sit outside or inside. The feeling of this place was good. As for servers, maybe they should hire more. The waitress came to the table about 4 times and I ran out of water and it didn't get refilled. Anyway, it was a pretty chill first time here. Aside from the amount of rolls, they tasted good, if only they had some type of eel rolls on the happy hour menu... Overall, I like this place.
5	I freekin love the sliders and the pot stickers...Definitely a big thumbs up
5	Great restaurant. Good atmosphere and music and very good sushi and flat bread. Service was friendly and attentive. Happy hour starts @ 9:00 and sushi and stuff was half off. That's good living...
1	during our last few visits to the gilbert area, my husband and i have made our way to dine at the kona grill.  the first couple times, we were quite pleased with the food and service.  unfortunately, our dining experience there last week ensured that we will not be returning in the future.  first, there was the service.  on a saturday at 1:30pm, you'd expect more than one server in the dining room.  but it appeared to me that there was just one.  while she was very nice, she was awkward and definitely overwhelmed.  someone who appeared to be the manager tried to be helping her out, but it just was not good service.then, there was the food and drink.  i ordered a mojito.  i've had a few mojitos there before and i remember them being minty and refreshing, with a touch of sweetness.  the mojito i was served tasted like a glass of simple syrup with a touch of mint.  awful!  sent that right back to the bar and ordered a kona brewing co. longboard.  at least they couldn't ruin a good beer.  my husband's turkey burger was "ok" though he noticed a definite downgrade in quality since our last visit.  the chicken in my kona chopped salad was noticeably bad.  the chicken tasted and had the texture of processed chicken - the stuff pressed together in a factory.  and the supposed "macadamia nut" crust seemed more like some sort of overly-fried cheap batter.  it did not look or taste like any macadamia nut i've ever eaten before.  this same crap-chicken was served to my young daughter in her children's meal.  i smartly decided not to make her eat.overall, just bad. not sure what has changed at this restaurant in recent months, but YUCK!  i will not return.
2	Unfortunately, some of the worst sushi I've had. Very sub-par. Small portions, huge prices. I understand most people go for the drinks and the scene (eek!), but the food was so far below standard I was very upset that I spent so much. The ahi tuna was completely tasteless and one of our rolls was dry and flavorless (and made with imitation crab, I'm assuming). The miso was good (probably a mix) but at $4 for a 1/2 cup portion, it wasn't really worth it. Another $4 for about 15 edamame - really?? Guess I'm spoiled from having lived in a great sushi city (Seattle) where quality matters.
5	This is my husband and I's favorite restaurant. We go to this Kona almost every week. We've only experienced nothing but good things. There was only one time when one of my sushi rolls came out pretty pathetic but our server was right on it and sent it back to have it remade.  The manager comped our drinks for us. We returned again the other night and the same manager gave us a complimentary dessert. We've gone to the Kona in Chandler and I can't say the same for the service there but the San Tan location is one of the best!! We've become regulars and will continue to be with such great service and staff!
4	Let me start off by saying I am only giving it 4 stars because I love their happy hour and reverse happy hour. I have only gone once during non-happy hour times and felt ripped off. Okay now that all the negativity is done, the happy hour is great. Love getting sushi rolls for almost half price. That always gives me an incentive to try roll I would not have tried for $15.00. The other happy hour items are pretty much regular bar food and they are just as greasy.  My wife also loves mixed drinks during happy hour, but let be serious, that's the appeal for most during happy hour. Here's the bad news, the happy hour is only in the "bar/patio" area and gets super full, super fast. This is true at this location and the one at Chandler Fashion Mall.
4	One of my favorite places to go for happy hour, great specials.  Seating is tricky but possible.
4	Great happy hour! Sushi chefs were entertaining
2	Kona Grill is a beautiful place but you definitely pay for the scenery in the cost of their meals. I ordered their chicken & broccoli stir-fry and when it came out I was unimpressed with the amount I got for $15. There was about a cup of rice & about 2 cups of stir-fry. Lucky for me we had a large party there so I was able to scrounge some food from my family but that didn't make things any better. My cousin had a steak that was average. My daughter had a kids cheeseburger that was actually pretty good. The other kids had the flatbread pizza which was very greasy and didn't really have much taste. Out of all the little samples of everyone else's plate that I ate, I just wasn't impressed. Simply put, I just don't like to eat here. Hopefully next time it's an option I can convince my family to go somewhere else.
3	I had the chicken and shrimp lettuce wraps.  They were very good, but a little too much sauce.I also had some asian salad but it was just ok.
3	So, I been here countless times I really like the "Kona Calamari" the only bad thing about  this place is the inconstancy in cooking the food sometimes its great sometime it's good and sometimes I feel it was just ok. I would have gave them 4 star if they were more constant. But It's a place I will go back too
2	Sadly, I think this place is suffering from "I don't know what I want to be" itis.  In the past, we've gone for the happy / reverse happy hour and had great experiences.  But, Saturday, unfortunately, it was just not good at all.  It was 9:45 PM, on a Friday, but since they didn't close until 11 I figured we were ok.  The only empty table that was clean was at the sushi bar - which looked nice due to the enormous fish tank.  Sadly, that's when the nice part of the evening ended.  Immediately after sitting down, one of the sushi chefs started breaking down / cleaning the entire bar whist mean mugging us and the rest of the patrons.  I then realized I couldn't even hear myself think.  Between the sauced people in the lounge, to the house music blaring overhead, I thought, for a moment, I was stuck in an over-priced lounge in Vegas.Our waiter, who I'm pretty sure was an extra on the Jersey Shore, took our order and it only took twelve minutes to deliver the drinks.  Then, two of the three sushi rolls that were ordered made it to us, along with completely un-seasoned sliders and greasier than it should've been flatbread.A manager noticed my sad face and asked what was wrong, after explaining it to him (I think he heard me) he came back with $6 taken off the tab for the grease.  It was a nice attempt at saving face, but not enough to right the sour note.  Alas, KG, we will not be back.
4	Yummy! I have eaten here several times and it is consistently very good. Everything is freshly prepared, seasoned well and very tasty. I have it four stars instead of five because it's very loud in there...but putting that aside, the food rocks. Good service, too.
5	This place has some amazing sushi, and a large fishtank with some pretty cool fish in there! I can only comment on the Sushi because that is all I had, but it was amazing. They service was awesome too. They have happy hour Monday-Friday 3-7. But be warned happy hour is only offered to the outside patio, so you have to question "Is money or not being on fire more important to me".
4	Have a great sever
3	Okay sushi, nothing amazing. I love their calamari, it's one of my favorite renditions and the dipping sauce is good. It's great for a happy hour/reverse HH option if you're in the mood for sake bombs. Also, half off bottles of wine on Wednesday!I only wished they stayed open later. I'd go more often.
4	Overall a pretty decent place for sushi. Not the best sushi I have ever tasted, not the worst either. Nice atmosphere and the staff was pretty friendly. Tried to come here for happy hour once but was disappointed to find out it was only outside. Not worth the extra couple bucks in my pocket especially since it was 115. Came back again though and sat at the sushi bar next to the huge fish tank. Pretty cool place to go, would like to try it again with a different chef many people seemed to be asking for at the bar. Would like to try Reverse HH too.
4	Came in for a little lunch lady with my wife. Ordered off the happy hour menu that really simply offers smaller portions. Good for lunch. Little pricey on the non-happy hour drinks but much better than the location in Scottsdale.
4	I love their happy hour. Their menu is super. The following items are on my list of favorite items at Kona: margarita flat bread, the tuna crisps and avocado rolls. Unfortunately, the drinks are not so good. The cocktails taste like cough syrup but if you stick with beer I think you should be fine. The tables for big groups are hard to come by but for groups of 2 or 4 people it is usually fine. The location is so much fun because after happy hour you and your friends can go shopping which is an activity that is highly enhanced by being tipsy :)
4	I happened to be at a nearby restaurant for their happy hour when another person sitting at the bar watching a baseball game on the bar TV struck up a conversation with me and told me he worked here. After listening to him talk up the place and finding out they fly in fresh fish daily and sometimes twice daily, I decided to head over and check them out. I found a seat at the sushi bar and enjoyed some of the best sushi I'd had in a while and definitely the best I've had anytime while in AZ. Kona Grill has great ambience, good food and a wonderful helpful staff. Check them out!
3	We showed up for happy hour.  So our choices were limited to the happy hour menu.  Well, we could have gone with the full menu, but then what's the point of coming at happy hour?!  Service was reasonable.  Not outstanding, but not bad.A few different rolls were ordered.  They were fine.  Not spectacular, but they were fine.  Though the seafood in them was cooked (not raw like it's supposed to be...I've noticed this tend in a lot of places lately).  I think they do that so it can be stored longer without spoiling.We have eaten here before, and the fair is sort of an Asia/American fusion thing.  About the same as the Chandler Mall location.  Food is pretty good.
1	I came here for Happy Hour on a week day. Last time I was here it was good but this time not so much. I was with three black ladies (I'm a white guy), and they were treated terribly by our white female server. She wouldn't take orders, walked away when people were ordering and all together being very rude. When I'm there with my white friends, our service rocks. There's this cool dude who serves there and he helped us out, but this was terrible. The sushi came old and oddly colored and the food was just so so. The calamari tasted way too fishy and we talked to the manager who apologized over and over. I will give them another try but I hope that waitress isn't there.
4	Happy hour food & prices are the best.  Just really really hard to find a table (no reso for HH). We ordered 2 frozen margaritas, 3 beers, lettuce wraps, fish tacos & spicy tuna roll for $35!!!  Wish they would turn music louder like at chandler location & it seems harder to get table here. Don't go at 6pm on a Friday- perhaps 5pm would have been easier.  There were people standing everywhere fighting for tables-kinda funny. But we are out in Gilbert & prices, food quality & atmosphere are pretty sweet so u guess that's to be expected.  A hostess sitting people from a list as they arrive Would prob clear up the prob
5	Shadi Zaki was most accommoding, and friendly. The service was outstanding.  The food was excellent and hot when served. We will be back.Thank you Shadi, the lady from VT.
4	The sushi rolls were great. Took a little longer than expected but it was worth the wait. I recommend the Bama rolls!
4	Food was good. Server was helpful and attentive. It's overpriced for what it is. $9 for potstickers seems  a bit much.
3	Okay Kona, you redeemed yourself. After my last experience i didn't think i would be coming back anytime soon, but my friend talked me into happy hour this evening. Our waiter tonight (in the outdoor bar area) was great, he was constintly checking on us to make sure our drinks were filled and to see if we needed more food. Since there were half price items on the happy hour menu of course we went with those items. Margherita Flatbread: cooked perfectly.... the crust was crispy, the ratio's of tomato & mozzarella were spot on and the balsamic reduction gave it just the right kick. Crab Crunch Roll: yum, yum and yum.....crab special roll with tempura flakes drizzled with eel sauce. Super delicious.Philadelphia Roll: smoked salmon, cream cheese and cucumber is a lovely fresh tasting roll. All in all this dining experience took me from never wanting to come back here to a-okay and will be back to try more options.
3	I should update last night's Kona Grill tip to "Supposedly, the Macadamia Nut Chicken is off the charts!".  My parents had been talking about this signature dish for days, and due to their constant urging (and the fact that it is Kona's most popular dish) I went ahead and ordered it.Let me start by saying that the accompaniments were insannnnne.  Garlic mashed and green beans are the standard sides for this dish.  I think I could mow those down with every meal for the rest of my life, SO GOOD.  The Macadamia Nut Chicken itself is lightly breaded and covered in some sort of light gravy-ish sauce that had good flavor, but was a bit creamy and heavy for my liking.  I ended up taking half of the dish home (thumbs up for big portions), and scraped as much of the sauce off as I could because I figured it would most likely be yucky when leftover.The service was quite good, although we sat for about 5 minutes before being greeted; we were busy chatting away though, so that didn't really bother us.  I ordered a green tea and (not realized that I had to specify the temperature) received an iced green tea when our drinks were delivered.  I apologized for being an ethnocentric Canadian and explained that I had meant a hot tea; within one minute the server brought me a hot tea and reassured me it was no problem at all.  Our food took no more than ten minutes to arrive after ordering, and our dessert was speedy as well.The menu had an amazing offering of sushi and sashimi that I would definitely try on my next visit (5 pieces of Salmon for $10 was the most expensive variety), they also have a full serve sushi bar that sits in front of a floor to ceiling fish tank!  The decor in the dining room is fairly casual, standard booths and tables, nothing to write home about.  The bar and patio area however was packed (opted for the DR because I was accompanied by the parentals), and looked to have a great happy hour going on.
4	Happy Hour is really good! The sushi chef Ricky is great and orders some of the best seafood I've ever had. I like that the food is always consistent every time I visit and the service is usually great. If it's slow, I don't recommend sitting at the sushi because sometimes the servers forget about you. Otherwise I really enjoy the food and service when I'm there!
4	Did not know Kona takes reservations. Made reservations for Saturday night at 7pm. When I arrived the line was out the door and so many people waiting. I went to the host and asked how long was the wait and she said abouth 45 to an hour.  I said does it make a difference if I made a reservation, she looked me up in her system and said "right this way". We were a party of 5 and it was very convenient. I think I had looks from people still waiting, oh well. They have a great kids menu which is affordable and comes with an entree two sides and drink for $6.  I had sushi rolls and my wife had a basil pesto pasta which were both great. Very family friendly and make sure you make reservations.
5	We all had different items from sushi to chicken. It was all amazing. Our server was friendly and fast. The prices are a little high but we thought the food was worth it! The coconut shrimp roll is amazing!!
5	Fantastic food with a very elegant atmosphere.  Nicely located in the santan village area near the best buy and total wine and more.  The staff was extremely friendly and attentive.  We probably had three different visits from restaurant staff.  The wait was minimal on a weekday, walk in and walk out basically.  Parking was very simple no driving around and parking in another lot.Food came out fairly fast compared to most but it was a weekday at night.  It was just the two of us but I did see a table of eight that sat down the same time we did and finished when we did.  We also ordered the same thing no appetizer or special drink orders and possibly managed to get out of there under $75.We both had the rib-eye which was absolutely amazing!  The meat was very tender and marinated in a sweet teriyaki sauce.  Then toped off with small onion strings and grilled pineapple.  The pineapple was so juicy and full of flavor from sitting and fusing with the rib-eye.  Then it came with some very good mashed potatoes and green beans.  We totally forget to order the pot stickers, were told very good.This is a must while visiting Phoenix, will defiantly try to go here next time.
5	Excellent dinner for four. Excellent service from Leslie. We appreciated her attention to detail.  We made our reservation on OpenTable. We were seated as soon as we walked in. The Sea Bass was incredible. We all agree that we will be back again.
1	Extremely slow service, forgot my beer, didn't bring soy sauce to the table, food took forever.
3	Nothing amazing. It's always consistent. This location can get crazy busy. We went on a Sunday afternoon, so it was chill. Sometimes I am a little shocked at their prices vs serving sizes. I wish I could remember our servers name. He was incredible. He was so polite and SUPER friendly and funny. He recommended something special from drinks to entrees. He even ordered us something on a secret menu ;). 'Twas great!
3	First of all, this should really be marked as $$$ - it was a little pricier than expected. Service was decent, food looked okay. Sushi was reasonably priced as far as sushi goes, but you had better love cream cheese and hot peppers, because nearly every roll had those in it. That was annoying.  We ordered chicken & shrimp lettuce wraps, and while tasty, you have to be careful - you'll hurt your eyes looking for the shrimp. We ordered a coconut shrimp roll and a softshell crab roll. Both were okay. The waitress, and nearly three other servers had to double check that yes, we really did want the softshell crab - apparently, most people don't know what that is and freak out when the whole crab, shell and all, comes out. I figure if it is that bad, take it off the menu...? But whatever, it was tasty. Ultimately, I was dissapointed that a place with a name like "Kona Grill" didn't have more Hawaiian style food or even decor. Other than that, it was OK - wasn't too impressed.
5	Great Service, nice Patio, food excellent.If you like Sushi they have lots of choices.Kids menu is great. lots of food so huge value!
5	Amazing service! One of my favorite recipes is the baked lobster Mac and cheese. It's delicious! And a great appetizer are the pot stickers!
2	Bring your fly swatter because the manager from Chicago said I'm sorry we can't do anything about it because its a open bar to the outside. I understand this but I could see them inside of the kitchen because we were seated against the glass. When I looked into the kitchen the cooks were just standing out talking to the management. It was not busy when we were there so the either they are of the religion of Hinduism that all life is sacred, to be loved and revered, and therefore practice ahimsa, noninjury, in thought, word and deed or it just isn't important. I don't know and I didn't ask so I can't say either way. The waiter brought out chopsticks trying to be funny as to bring the idea of the Kesuke Miyagi from the movie the Karate Kid from 1984. I didn't find it funny as the flies were diving upon my wife and I during our lunch. Enough about the files which are gross lets talk about the food. Our food was just ok, we started the baked spinach artichoke dip, mozzarella, parmesan, tortilla chips $10.50 which was soupy and not thick like I remember it was not hot but just warm. Like I said it was ok, not worth the $10.50 more like $7.50.I had the macadamia nut chicken house mashed potatoes, seasonal vegetables, shoyu cream, pineapple-papaya marmalade $14.25 and it was just a bit on the warm side of cold. I asked for a extra bit of pineapple-papaya marmalade because what they put on the plate was a dot the side of a quarter (I guess this is more expensive than printer ink due to how rare pineapple is). Again my food was warm and not hot. Being a past cook I would have given it some radar love and made sure it was hot going to the customers. Or at the least put it under the heat lamps so it didn't lose the existing heat. In the end they didn't try...My wife had the fish taco's for $11.00 and it looked like a good amount of food. You get two of them for the price. My wife had the ice tea and I had a beer our total for the lunch was $46.08 and feel it should have been $10.00 cheaper as we acted at pest control. 4/22/2014 Earth day 1:30 PM
5	Happy hour at Kona -- great experience!
4	Excellent place for lunch or Dinner.  Every food option is great and the employees are well trained.  The manager Eddie is super cool too and he always makes sure you have a great experience.
4	I must say first of all that my initial visit here was mind blowing. I don't think I've had a dining experience like this in a loooong time. I walked in and was greeted by too-cute Chelsea. She's adorable, friendly and engaging. She's definitely a great place to start the dining experience. She even remembered me the second time I went in (and where I sat!). Then Toni (I hope I spelled that right) greeted me. She's the perfect waiter. She takes your order, gets you what you need without a bunch of talking, but not rude or silent, she checks back with perfect timing and is just on point. And the food. WOW. It was SO delicious. I had the sweet-chili glazed salmon salad. I asked for the dressing on the side and it came out and was beautiful. This salad is the salad to end all salads. The salmon was cooked perfectly, the togarashi tofu needs to be a menu item by itself. It was a taste explosion! The salad is substantial and is really something so above and beyond what you think you'll get at a chain (and you'll forget it's a chain soon enough - this food is more than on point!). It's divine.The second time was almost a crushing disappointment because of my previous experience (although it wasn't that bad, I was just so hoping for the same one). The waiter was okay. He wasn't friendly, he didn't come back and ask how my salad was (I got it again!). He filled my drink up okay. His service just felt rushed, sort of, even though the restaurant wasn't busy.I got my salad with the dressing on this time. NOTE: DO NOT EVER DO THIS. It was DRENCHED. I almost gagged with all the salad dressing on it. I won't make that mistake again. The salmon again was cooked perfectly, but this time the tofu tasted like cold tofu. Ick. I also had the edamame, but you can't really mess that up so it was fine.All in all this restaurant has my heart if only because the people are so incredibly awesome and as long as Toni is there forever (with cheerful Chelsea!) I'll totally be back.
4	I really like their happy hour specials here. It is really reasonably priced and delicious. The only thing that sucks is having to look for a table yourself in the bar area. The bar area is the only area you can get the happy hour specials. Get ready to throw elbows for a seat.
3	When I went to Kona Grill for lunch today it was clean and the staff / management was very friendly. I got the Kona Chopped their signature salad. I was not impressed. The tomatoes were so old the skin was falling off  and greens were not fresh. I wouldn't recommend this place  for food but is has a nice atmosphere. That's why I gave it a  3 star instead of two.
3	Been there twice. BBQ burger was just OK, the sushi portions were smaller than any other sushi place I've ever been to. Both times, the food took an extraordinary amount of time to come out - and it was only about 1/2 full of customers. Not acceptable. Wait staff was cool, and did their best to keep us happy with a few freebies.
4	Went there yesterday for happy hour. Wish they had more beer choices, but I guess I could have gone to World of beer instead. Overall sat in the bar area bear the outside. It was a little hot, but overall food was good. Music was loud for  330pm but overall great place for happy hour.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with Kona so there is some good and some bad.  I have found that this location is not always consistent.  Even from location to location I have found that it varies.  Drinks and food at one location are not the same at another.  Even the sushi varies between them.  The atmosphere for happy hour is crowded but fun (if you an get a table in the bar).  I was sad when they took the lobster mac and cheese of the menu.  It was really good and I miss it.  When the sushi is on, it is good, but there are times when it just isn't.  We still come to Kona quite a bit as it is a good place to meet up with friends.
5	Love, love, love! This place. It is my favorite place to go for a reasonably priced gluten free meal and they're gluten free menu is huge!!! My favorite waiters are Taylor and Nathan. They usually cocktail outside. The waiters there are really personable which makes the whole experience better! I always get a gluten free chicken with mash potatoes and a Philly roll. Kudos because they have gluten free soy sauce! The ambience is very chill and relaxed. Great for a date night, with friends or whatever you're looking for. Food is AMAZING
5	Atmosphere food service, everything was excellent! Went in expecting to pay a grip of dough but we hit happy hour and walked out paying a moderate amount but ate luke Kings and Queens!
4	I like the atmosphere especially on the patio. It has semi-good rolls and staff is always friendly. The best part about this place is the good pours on the drinks. If you are unsure about what to order the staff is always able to recommend their favorite rolls or entree!Priced average for two!
2	Just left this place. Sucks to say our tab was $60 and we only had a couple appetizers, sushi and one drink. Tried to go for happy hour but the restaurant does NOT honor happy hour prices which is seriously stupid IMO. What that means is an overstuffed patio and a completely empty dining room. The food was not worth it either. Sub par sushi. Boo Kona Grill.
4	the happy hour is great here love the bbq flat bread pizza
1	.
3	The food is always good, but unfortunately the service is terrible. We always have to wait 5 minutes or more at our table before even being acknowledged. The service is not friendly, accommodating, or fast.The sushi rolls are always fresh, and I like that they offer vegetarian and vegan entrees.
3	We have been here several times food is great. Service is just ok but tonight our server did not acknowledge our table for 12 minutes. No silverware or water after we requested. One person got her order 10 minutes before the rest of us. We were told it was busy but there was lots of vacant seating. Maybe she's having a bad night and we're on the receiving end
5	I absolutely love this place!  We went in for Happy Hour and we got the Philly Roll, Atlantic Roll, potstickers, edamame, AND calamari.  It was awesome, and so was our bill.  The service was amazing, and the manager (Eddie) was on the floor helping out and assisting with the servers, which is something I always notice.  We left very full and very happy!! If you like sushi and happy hour, I highly recommend this place!
4	The food here is really great but make sure you come during happy hour. The atmosphere is also really calm and youll be relaxed.
1	Well I guess I can cross kona grill off on my go to place for sushi.  First off I absolutely hate that they only offer happy hour on the patio with about 10 tables and about 8 more inside that would only fit 4 people anyways we finally get our table that only had 2 chairs at it but I wasn't going to wait another 30 mins so my party of 4 goes to the table and 2 of us sit down and the other 2 stand until our waitress comes over and we ask for 2 more chairs and she said "no that's all we have. You guys can go ask other tables if you want." And she walks away, the more I thought about how rude that was that we have to go scavenge for chairs the more I didn't want to be there, my boyfriend finally rounded up 2 chairs and we got sit down. So we finally get our food and I was so disappointed, they cut down on their food alot! We got half off what we usually get on the calamari and it being cold didn't help and the rolls were so tiny! Ugh I was just fed up with being here. We get our bill mine was $22 something and then my sisters was about $23 and she gave the waitress $40 and we asked for the change back because we were not leaving a $17 tip so she comes back and she only gives us $7 back and of course she doesn't come back to our table so we have to go find someone so we can get our right change back and the waitress comes back and says sorry I don't know how I added so horribly, she leaves and we check our change and we only get $16 back, long story short we gave up on kona grill and their crap service.
4	Awesome ahi tuna. Highly recommend this place for something different and yummy food. Ask for Jake the waiter. He's awesome
2	From start to finish, the consumption experience here was quite bad. The only reason it gets two stars is because my seven year old seemed to enjoy her meal and our server, Kristina, was quite pleasant. We ordered:Atlantic rollApple and brie flat breadLobster Mac and cheeseThe Atlantic roll came out far too fast to be anywhere near fresh. It didn't taste horrible, but it was quite obvious that they used CANNED tuna. The flat bread tasted of nothing but burnt bread. No brie taste whatsoever. The apples were also undercooked. The lobster Mac and cheese tasted completely bland. This is the kind of place that apparently doesn't believe in putting salt and pepper on the tables; you would think they would at least season their food correctly. The lobster was over cooked to the point of being rubbery. The pasta was cooked well passed what is proper. All around bad dining experience. Even the water tasted terrible. Had it not been for Kristina, this would be a one star restaurant.
4	Honestly I wish that Kona would extend their happy hour to their dining room... Sometimes it is soooo hard to find a table during happy hour and we have to wait forever to eat... But the food is so good and the prices are so great.. I guess it's just part of their business.My favorite thing to get is the crab crunch roll.. I could prolly eat three whole rolls by myself... But I shouldn't.Frozen margaritas are super strong if you like you're tequila.Usually have a pretty good beer for the Sam Adams Special which is only 3.50 Rolls and appetizers are half off, and there are other plates for $6 bucks---only the ones onthe list tho (found onthe outside tables) It's pretty good deal but it def adds up esp if you get to excited! LolMore food:Bbq chicken flatbread is cheesy and yummy but it is spicy.Avocado egg rolls yummy!!Lettuce wraps are great too.I recently just tried the bulgogi tacos the tortilla part was good not sure what type they used. Didn't like the sauce tho, it was too salty.Love Kona HH!!!
