5	I really love the Jewelsmith. I haven't bought new or antique jewelry there, but have had several things repaired, and I've been really happy with their work. They are friendly and trustworthy--not at all like the chain jewelers. I had my grandmother's diamond ring resized and refinished, and it came out great. Repair prices are completely reasonable. They seem to have a strong set of loyal clientele--always a good sign.
4	They do watch repair! I was happy to learn that they are very pro-repair, and believe in repair to save the landfills. I was sort of surprised by this since you don't hear it from retailers that often, but wow, great! I will be returning to put a new c
5	I love these guys! I've had several thing repaired there over the years and they do a great job. Very trustworthy and their prices are reasonable. I bought a locket there for my sister and it's absolutely beautiful. Drive past the mall and give your business to Jewelsmith.
1	The blonde lady that works interrupted me to tell me HER thoughts every time I was considering a piece.  A friend and I were having private conversation and she thought it necessary to interject as much as possible.  What made it worse was after I made one comment she apparently didn't agree and was condescending to me.  We left without making a purchase and I will not be back.
5	Through the years, I have purchased many things including a wedding ring for my wife from The Jewelsmith. This is not your typical jewelry store. This is the place to go when you want something special. You do not have to buy a big diamond here. They have custom pieces new, used and estate jewelry.What I really love about the Jewelsmith is that the owners give back so much to the community.
5	I've had such great experiences here!  I love the new location & it's inviting and the jewelry is really nicely displayed.  I've purchased a few nice pieces, both for me and for other family members.  The girls in the store are lovely!  They're very knowledgeable, friendly & welcoming.  I've also had repairs done here & found their prices to be reasonable with the work done very quickly!  The most wonderful little jewel is their Schnauzer, I believe his name is Freddy?  Oh, he's wonderful!  Check out the great estate stuff too & pet that wonderful little dog - it's a great store!
