4	Driving up and down the 101 in Scottsdale, I watched as the new tower for the Talking Stick Resort rose majestically from the desert.  Well, this Saturday it was time to check out Orange Sky, their fine dining restaurant on the 15th floor.Winding our way through the noise and smoke of the casino floor, we were able to find the bank of elevators that whisked us up to Orange Sky.  We entered the bar area and were greeted by panoramic views.  The golf course and mountains to the east and Phoenix and Camelback Mountain to the west.The decor is very modern and contemporary.  Kind of a minimalist style that I really like.  We ordered a drink and watched the sunset.  An orange sky, indeed!As we walked back down a long hallway to the dining area we noticed a few private booths for two people that faced west and looked like a nice romantic seating option for our next visit.The menu was pretty straight forward with plenty of meat and seafood options.  I ordered a rib eye steak which was huge and cooked to medium rare perfection.  The smoked cheddar mashed potatoes and asparagus sides were very good also.  My girlfriend had the shrimp cakes which were shrimp wrapped around scallops with bacon.  It's pretty hard to go wrong with that combo!The service was good and the dining area was very attractive.  Afterwards we walked outside and noticed that there was a large patio for dining as well.On the way back out through the casino I played a couple of slot machines and actually won!Like T Cook's, Prado and Deseo I think this restaurant is good enough that it will attract local diners as well as the resort guests.All in all, our group really enjoyed the experience at Orange Sky.
5	15th floor = views of all Scottsdale, fountain hills - and then some! Cutting edge. Super sleek & elite.  Sexy glass balconies for extra view-points. Whooshed up in private elevators that provide a glimpse of things to come in glass-enclosed ride, but only briefly since it's only seconds to reach the top.  I can't wait until they start with specials such as wine tastings, beginning July.
5	If you like yummy food, breath taking views, and if you wish a little gambling...this is the place! Hotel itself not open yet, but the restaurant and casino are. Huge fan of Orange Sky!
4	Wow - what a fantastic view of the entire city. This restaurant is on the 15th floor of the Talking Stick Casino and Resort. I've never seen a layout quite like this before. You go up the elevator to the 15th floor, the door opens to a very spacious bar and floor to ceiling windows facing west (perfect for a sunset dinner). They held our reservation with delight (although we were a little late) while we enjoyed a cocktail and live music in the bar area. Once we entered the dining room I knew this place was unique. There are HUGE captain sofa's facing west with unobstructed views of the entire city. I can only explain this ambiance by saying, you literally have your own living room while you eat. The staff was more than accommodating, 2 waiters to each table. Although that seems like too much, they balanced it out perfectly so we weren't annoyed at all. Actually my date and I ended up having a great conversation with Jeff, a server from Duluth Minnesota (where my family is from) Prices are comparable to Mastro's although I did only give 4 stars because my steak was a little too done. But it was still really good. Then I went down to the casino and lost $100 bucks - bummer! LOL!When Spring Training starts I bet this place will go OFF! There are several banquet rooms that looked really fun for parties of 12.
5	All I can say is WOW.  I had an incredible 12 oz tenderloin.  It was extremely thick but they managed to cook it perfectly.  Lightly crusted shell and medium rare was  not overdone in the slightest.  Practically melted in my mouth.  Pretty reasonable prices... 35-45 bucks for such an incredible steak is great.
4	An amazing view truly an appropriate name.... Orange Sky offers something you won't find other places.  I hope even non-gamblers will give it a chance. They have very beautiful restaurant with booth seats that can hold a party of four and truly make you feel like you are at your own private restaurant, making any occasion feel special.  A great place to take visitors.  The service was attentive but not necessarily smooth.  Now to the food, the menu works a bit like a puzzle as you put together your eating experience.  The have seafood, steak, and a whole list of sauces plus family style sides.  The beet salad was very good.  I had a mixed grill plate which easily could have been shared which allowed me to try a bit of everything lobster, pork chop, and crab legs.  The pork chop is stuffed with goat cheese.  The artichoke au gratin was fantastic!  And, I liked the tobacco onion strings would probably not get the mushrooms again.  We only tried one desert and it was average they have room to grow in that area.  For the type of food, this restaurant is very well priced a similar meal at Maestro's would probably cost you $50 more a person.
5	One of the top ten restaurants I've had the pleasure of dining! The service was outstanding. It was a very busy night and the atmosphere was electric, the best you can find in AZ!I went on Restaurant Week. Yes... it is amateur week but, I could not have been more impressed.The GM gave us a tour of the restaurant which apparently they do not offer normally on the weekends. After walking past the live music every night there are 2 private dining rooms and 7 private dining booths. The private booths are incredible. You have your own personal window that looks over the 101 and has mountain views from 15 stories up in the sky (hence the name!). The entire restaurant is so spacious. Truly non-existent anymore. We were lucky enough to go out on the patio and spot panoramic views of the golf course and you can even see wild horses running through the dessert!!The sommelier was Luciano. He was wonderful and didn't make us feel we should order a $100+ bottle of wine. The wine list was extensive but, we settled on Wild Horse pinot noir (it was only appropriate). Kim, our server was experience, knowledgeable and friendly. Then came the food!! My steaks were cooked perfectly and my wife is still raving about the yellow fin tuna. Dessert....Oh my God......Negatives: Have to walk through the smoky gamblers and poor signage.Positives: The friendly staff and unparalleled atmosphere.We really had a wonderful evening and we were thrilled to find the best kept secrete in AZ!!
4	Ambiance was amazing, service was great and food was good. I'm not convinced the food is worth the prices they charge but what the food lacks is definitely made up for by the beautiful surroundings. Having said that, I would certainly go back to enjoy drinks and apps in the lounge and relish in the atmosphere and listen to the live music. Would probably skip out on dinner though unless someone else was footing the bill. They have live music seven nights a week in the lounge but the guy who performs on Tuesdays really blew me away. Acoustic guitar combined with a superb voice. His version of Piano Man on the guitar was exceptional. As others mentioned, you have to walk through the smoke filled, noisy "ching ching ching ching"  casino to get to the Orange Sky elevators but once you're up there you forget about all the casino happenings below you. And, the resort should really do a better job marketing this great spot. It doesn't even mention on their site that they have live music and to me that was the highlight. One more thing, I would probably wait a few (or more) months before going as they are still in construction clean-up mode surrounding the resort. Once the desert is free of construction debris and returned to it's natural desert habitat the views will be even better.
4	9/26/10I am overjoyed w/ my decision to have dinner here on the last night of Restaurant Week despite three days' of failed attempts to get out of work early enough to enjoy the sunset views!  The terrific value on such a delicious meal coupled w/ a great perlustration of the eternity pool/fountain in the patio deck made up for the missed survey of the desert mountain landscape (don't forget the beautiful Talking Stick golf course, resort pools, and water fixtures!).  Besides the two restaurant lounge areas, private dining booths, two Chef's tables ($2000 minimum ticket), and a large, yet intimate, main dining area, there are many "pockets" brimming w/ positive energy in the patio where one can enjoy a cocktail (or not!), catch up w/ friends, or just linger and take in the beauty of the space.  Before or after dinner, you can also enjoy a bit of live music (tonight featured a pianist)-- loved the aeronautic-themed chairs!  Enough on the atmosphere, let's get onto the food!For Restaurant Week, Orange Sky's $39 menu featured:APPETIZER:Lobster bisque; Half-dozen of iced oysters; OS dinner salad.MAIN COURSE:Filet of beef; Grilled half-chicken; Herb-crusted Pacific yellowtail tuna.DESSERT:Chocolate dome; Lemon semolina cake; Choice of gelato or  sorbet.If I didn't have food allergies to worry about, I would've chosen the oysters to start; the tuna for the main, and the lemon cake to finish.  Instead, I ordered the salad, the filet, and the crowd-pleaser chocolate dome, and what a wonderful meal they made!!  The salad was comprised of greens and spicy candied walnuts dressed in a roquefort-sherry vinaigrette, and sprinkled w/ a few dashes of toasted shallot ribbons.  The sherry vinaigrette gave the salad a lovely, smooth, and mild flavor.  That is, until I'd bite into a roquefort crumble, which lent a welcomed burst of tang and pungency!  The combination of candied walnuts, roquefort, sherry, and shallots might not be for everybody, but I loved it- a great way to stir up my appetite!The twin tournedos of beef filet were truly remarkable!  Cooked to medium, the filet was lovely to behold, and even more delightful to eat- the sauce choron, a bearnaise variation, that supplemented the dish made for a perfect pairing!  The steaks also came w/ two roasted sweet peppers, a few asparagus spears (a few I found were slightly overdone, but still very good), and silky mashed potatoes.  (I personally like a bit of texture in mashed potatoes, so I was very happy to find that this specimen wasn't TOO silky.  Alone, it was a tasty side, but after tasting the meat, the potatoes could've used a bit more seasoning.  However, I feel it's better to have to add more seasoning after than to have too much and not be able to enjoy a dish at all!)  I really appreciated that the steaks were presented twin-style instead of one whole-- I was able to enjoy a small serving and still have some room for dessert!And oh, what a great dessert I had!  Drum roll please... The chocolate dome, made in-house, presented w/ two blackberries and a glaze of white chocolate and bitter orange.  The dome itself was a "hard shell"  of chocolate ganache (it really wasn't hard at all, and I personally would've appreciated the "break" of a chocolate bar here), sprinkled w/ almond brittle, and inside lay exquisite mantles of chocolate mousse and chocolate cake, which sat on top of a chocolate cookie!  While the dessert looked very rich and decadent, it was surprisingly light (I had three glorious bites before putting it aside to move onto the gelato).  I definitely wanted to take some of this cake to enjoy later at home ;)  The gelato, while not made in-house (or so the server believed), was equally satisfying- the coffee flavor was quite delicate-- this was a scoop to be savored ever-so-slowly, like a favorite spirit to be sipped over time, and not chased down.  I also had a cup of Peet's coffee to go along w/ dessert.I waited a very long time to experience Orange Sky, and what a remarkable evening I had!  I will be back very, very soon!p.s.  Small details, such as pretty dinnerware and embedded crystals in silverware (although I noted fingerprint smudges all over- tsk, tsk!), friendly and courteous service, and the lovely upgrades to the fixtures and decor really added to my overall satisfaction w/ my OS experience.  I would suggest everyone try Orange Sky at least once, but make sure you arrange yours w/ a sunset reservation!  (Unless, of course, you quite enjoy looking at the tops of brightly lit parking lots!)p.p.s  Recall those private dining booths I mentioned?  They're certainly worth checking out if you value some privacy-- the tables all face panoramic views and certainly keep prying eyes from seeing who are seated.  [The only giveaway to the tables' occupancy was the pockets of barely discernible conversation my ears picked up as I walked by.  Visual inspection of the tables would have you believe that the booths were empty.
4	http://parismusings.blogspot.com
3	Service was excellent, view is breathtaking, food a little disappointing. Scallops overdone and salty...maybe a one - time mishap.Looking forward to our desserts! Got trapped by the extraordinarily long tablecloth and tired of listening to "I'm too Sexy" and "Der Kommisar" Fun!!
4	We still enjoyed our visit, but we had a steak that was overdone and I expect better if it going to be fine dining.  Everyone was sorry, but that was it.  I would expect them to do better when paying that much.  I think their service needs better rhythm as well.  It seemed they were at our table a lot but we still had to ask for things.  Great servers don't have to ask you what you need and you don't have to tell them.  They see it and bring it.   The Pecan Tart was very good.  I probably would not get the mushroom risotto again but I am addicted to the au gratin pototo and the truffle baked potato was a hit at our table.
5	We had Christmas eve dinner here and it was wonderful. The shellfish platter was delicious and the ribeye was cooked perfectly. We also had the lobster bisque and several of the desserts were sampled as well as the sauces. Wait staff was very attentive and professional. We also were fortunate enough to have one of the seven private booths that put the whole experience over the top. We had a wonderful time and would surely go back again on the next visit to Scottsdale.
5	i gave it 5 stars for the excellent service. when we were trying our wine, i stated to my wife, "oh, you taste it...your the birthday girl". our server obviously took note because at the end of the meal, he brought out a delightfully tasty desert, replete with a chocolate Happy Birthday message. the food was good, but as mentioned in some of the other reviews, i expected better technique in the food prep. she ordered the tuna and i the scallops are both dishes were over-cooked...still good, but overcooked. the beet salad (red and white beets) app was delicious, as was our a la carte items, the asparagus (thick, but not chewy and stringy, perfectly al dente) and the mushroom risotto (very earthy taste....excellent!).we missed the sunset by about 20 minutes but still had a nice view of the city lights. just an fyi....when making reservations, ask for one of the big booths facing west. i didn't know about those so we missed out, but next time....like i said, our service was impeccable, friendly, and very attentive. don't come in a hurry. it's not slow, but it's not fast food. be prepared to spend some time conversing with your dinner partner and enjoying each others company while savoring your dishes. middle class price? way over the top, but it's a birthday....with 2 entrees, 2 a la carte items, an app, and a bottle of wine and tip, just under 140 bucks for 2.
2	We dined at Orange Sky last Saturday and the place was packed! The casino was full and so was the restaurant.We had a party of 11 and were not so lucky to get a super long table from tip to tail. Use the potty before you sit down in the large comfy chairs because backing them up for a break can be interesting.The service seemed great at first and then went progressively downhill. The servers should probably learn how to do magic tricks and make balloon animals to entertain the customers while they are waiting and waiting and waiting.The restaurant was out of lobster for a 7PM seating and after 3 people ordered oysters they came back to say they were out of those as well.The crab Louie salad had an odd flavor to the dressing and 3 unexplainable crustini's that you couldn't cut or pick up.Tough and slow seemed to be the buzz words at the table. I had the pork chop and it was so dry I felt like I could blow dust out of my mouth while trying to muster up enough saliva to swallow it.Everyone that ordered steak said they were tough and overdone. The beef comes from Arkansas.The asparagus was the size of my big toe and was recommended over the brocolini.They graced our birthday boy and girl with a fabulous chocolate mousse desert which was very good. As we all stared and shared they came back 10 minutes later to see if anyone else wanted desert, but the chocolate mousse was not an option.When the one dreaded desert order was taken I ordered a hot tea which had at least a half of a cup of tea leaves in a two cup pitcher. Can you say, "tea buzzzz"?Maybe they need to read some of these reviews as these seem to be common complaints.The venue is very very nice and I think you know what I think about the rest.
3	Went there for brunch...enjoyed the views, the food, and the attempt of the servers to be "fancy."  Did not get a chance to dine in one of the window side private tables which looked super cool and did not get to enjoy the main bar as you walk in which the decor in the entire place is extremely well done.  The no hat, no flip flops, and something else always bugs....another been there done that...I can only imagine that you could throw one heck of a party there....worth checking out but doubt I will be back.
3	Tipping back the Malibu and you lose track of time... oops! Thank goodness we could order appetizers at Orange Sky. Anitpasti plate with prosciutto, sopressata, ciabatta bread, olives, artichokes, and asparagus was good. Didn't touch the portobella mushrooms (GAHROSS!!), duck confit (DOUBLE GAHROSS) or the goat cheeses on the plate though... Could've done without those! The lobster bisque tasted like someone poured it out of a can :o( but to their credit, this IS Arizona and I don't usually have bisque comparable to Seattle or San Francisco. They made up for the bisque with the Tenderloin Tips served as requested at medium rare. Melt in your mouth good! The garlic steak fries and smoked cheddar whipped Yukon potatoes were quickly devoured! It's a jip though if you want any sauce on anything because they charge extra. The tab was way overpriced for an Indian Casino. I mean, really. This isn't a hot spot in the middle of Vegas, Miami or Los Angeles but they priced those places out of the stratosphere. Will I go back? Probably not... unless it goes on the expense account!
4	First off- this place has an amazing view. Set upon the 15th floor of the Talking Stick Casino- make sure and make reservations for sunset, as obviously this is what it is named for.  They have private seating areas that are secluded and could be a very romantic setting- although we didn't sit at one of these booths because we had a large table.  I suggest making a reservation if you'd like to eat here. Also, make sure and go into the actual restaurant and not just the bar area- it is separated.  Service: On point!  The waiters came full of recommendations and were very attentive . Food:  Amazing!  Simple, yet elegant menu, reasonable portion sizes (large enough to split), and great presentation.   I had the seasonal oysters (very clean- served with cocktail sauce and fresh grated horseraddish root), twin fillets (enough for 2), truffle baked potato (very rich and plenty to share with 2-4), carrots (everyone always forgets about this veggie- they did it up right), mushroom risotto (decadent) .  Drinks: Large wine menu but glass prices were a little high.  Atmosphere: They had a great piano player and singer in the bar/lounge area when you walked in.  They also had several patio areas which we did not visit because it was quite chilly out. *One complaint- I came to the bar side first before our reservations and ordered a glass of wine that was $13/glass.  When I got my tab it was $17.50, and did not include gratuity. I did not want to complain, but it was a little strange.  Same thing happened to the two girls next to me.  Still not sure what this *upcharge* was for.
5	This is an amazing place, I don't get why the reviews don't reflect it. For the views and atmosphere ALONE I would give it five stars. We went for a late night dinner at the bar area in the back, but got to see all the really cool private dining areas they have with views. It felt like Vegas!  Really amazing.We are vegetarian and not a lot on the menu as far as dinner entrees we could eat (in fact, none) but we did a la carte sides and they were really yummy. The broccolini, caesar salad, steak fries and bread were great.I really enjoyed the modern design and sleek atmosphere. When you see all the little private dining areas (reservations needed for those I'm sure) that also have super incredible views, you will be sold. I truly forgot that I was in Arizona. I felt like we were in a big city or in Vegas. Cool place.
4	Had a few drinks at the bar....what an amazing view of the Phoenix/Scottsdale area!  The night I was there, a piano player was playing jazz standards and some cover songs.....excellent Wine selection and the house Zinfandel was superb!The bartenders here are very friendly and accommodating.  I can't wait to come back here with my Better Half to give dinner a try.Return Factor - 95%
5	Views, food, and service were AMAZING!  The place is gorgeous and the views are the best in all of Phoenix.
3	This place has an excellent view but it a little overrated. The martinis were overpriced and I  felt like I was in Vegas with these prices. Nice part was the live music and dancing - great experience - you can't have it all.
4	The food was phenomenal. Nothing more to say other than the ribe eye was melt in your mouth. Crab Louie salad incredible and the crab legs were superb. We had a private room for a birthday celebration. They also have romantic tables that face the view from the 15th floor and a large outside patio that when warmer will be a must visit spot.I made sure to experience everything the hotel/casino had to offer, from drinks in the atrium bar, gambling, dinner at Orange Sky, dancing on the 14th floor, dueling pianos in the atrium, I would definitely return!
4	Wonderful Experience.  Enjoyed the Sunset view and the marvelous food in our Private Booth.Waitress was a bit stressed however as she apparently was assigned other tables a distance away from our private booth.  Management needs to review private booth assignments as pricing warrants SPECIAL SERVICE in addition to the Special Food and view.
5	Excellent atmosphere and great food.
1	My twin moms friends were staying for the weekend at the resort, and since they didn't want to drive for dinner, they decided to dine at Orange Sky.  This review was going to be a 2 star, but after my horrible night, it definitely is a one.  It is not only that the prices are high, but the food is nothing special.  I like to eat and I couldn't find anything I really wanted.  I decided to order the beet salad, it was ok, but I had great ones in so many other places.  I should have stopped there and call it the night.  But since some of my girlfriends were ordering the Restaurant week menu, we had some more time to kill.  I asked to the Artichoke potato au gratin.  Big mistake.  It is really big size and I am glad I only ate half of it.  After that I felt I had a brick in my stomach.  I left my girlfriends around 10p.m. and I went home.  I couldn't sleep, I was so uncomfortable, and nauseous. Stop here if you don't want to be grossed out.  By 3:30 I couldn't take it and I was kneeling in front of my toilet.  It all came out undigested.  I was glad, but my throat was in pain.  Yuk! By the way I only had two glasses of wine.
2	I'm not the type to complain or be vocal about bad experiences, but I really feel the need to write a review after my very negative experience at Orange Sky last night. It was early Sunday afternoon and I had called 3 times to make a reservation for the restaurant after hearing great things about it. The first two times my call went directly to a voicemail asking me to leave a message with my desired reservation time and that someone would get back to me. As I was uninterested in leaving a message, I called back again and my call was answered by someone. I made a reservation for two people at 7:45pm that night (Sunday) and we planned on arriving a few minutes early to grab a cocktail in the lounge while the sun was setting. We arrived quite early (around 6:45pm) and let the hostess know that we were there and would grab a drink while waiting for our table. We mentioned that we'd love to be seated early, if possible, and we were told that "it should be about that time" (7:45pm) when our table would be ready. We understood, since it was Arizona Restaurant Week and we assumed the restaurant was incredibly busy (you aren't able to see the restaurant from the lounge area, so we couldn't tell). We went to grab a drink at the bar and unfortunately, the bartender either was not behind the bar or had his back to us. After about 15 minutes, we were able to get a drink and have a seat. We relaxed for quite some time and later learned that it was the bartender's first night - understandable, but should have a bit more training as to not ignore customers when there are only about 4 people sitting at the bar. We went to sit outside on a small balcony right off the lounge.At around 7:40pm, we started to get antsy and went inside to check on our spot and let them know that we had been on the balcony in case they missed us. We told them "we were out on the patio and just wanted to make sure you knew we hadn't left" since no one had said a word to us since we had been there. The hostess' response was, "We're waiting on our servers to catch up. You'd like to sit on the patio?" We replied, "We'd be happy to sit on the restaurant patio, however, we'd like to be seated inside or out - whichever was first available." She replied, "Oh. I'll keep that in mind."  We were confused as to what just happened and thanked her although we felt she was giving us an attitude and sat back down. At 8:15pm, when we still had not been seated or even approached by the hostess even though our reservation had been 30-minutes prior, we debated just leaving. We agreed that we'd give it 2 more minutes and we would cancel our reservation and head somewhere we knew we'd get good service. Just a moment after that, someone came up to us to tell us that our table was ready. However, we didn't receive an apology or anything. We definitely expected more from a restaurant that was so highly rated.We were then walked back, through the velvet roped entrance, to the dining room. I must say, the space is absolutely gorgeous. Definitely a winner in the ambiance department. However, we were absolutely stunned when we arrived in the dining room and it was quite empty. There weren't many seated tables at all - which made us disappointed that we waited so long to be seated.... definitely a sign that they were understaffed.We were seated at a booth inside, and waited for our server. And waited. After about 15 minutes of waiting, our server finally came by to get our drinks. We had decided to take part in the Restaurant Week Menu and were asked to put our entire order - drinks, meal and dessert - in all at once. We obliged, and waited. We weren't served our first course until 9:15pm. When it arrived, we were definitely underwhelmed. The salmon was over-seasoned and overcooked. The soup was marginal, and the potatoes were hard. One thing that was great was the steak - although it was very small, it was cooked perfectly and seasoned just right. Unfortunately, our server didn't come back at all throughout our meal to check on us until we were just about through and she swooped our plate away from us without asking if we were finished. Also, the women's restroom was dirty and there were paper towels all over the floor. Definitely not something I expected. For spending over $160 on the meal and drinks for two, the service was unacceptable and the food was just okay. Overall, the experience we had was only a 2 out of 5. And it would be a 1 if the ambiance and view weren't as good. I hate writing negative reviews, but Orange Sky should make an effort to work on their customer service. Once that is fixed, I'm sure it will be a great spot for a special occasion.
3	I wanted to be wowed... I really did.  Any why wouldn't I? Date night with my lady at a restaurant that has received rave reviews... I definitely gave this place the benefit of the doubt. But alas, my three star rating is quite generous.I'll start with the good-- the ambiance was perfect, the decor was tasteful.  We didn't get to enjoy the famous sunset view-- our reservations were at 8pm and it was raining, but even without the sunset, I thought the ambiance was tasteful and the staff was not pretentious.  I loved the very open,spacious feel of the bar and dining areas and the variety of seating options/configurations in the bar area.  The private booths facing the windows also seemed like a nice touch-- although we did not experience them as we were seated in the main dining room. Even though it was May, since it was rainy outside they had a gas fireplace going in the main dining room that added a nice coziness.The food itself was okay-- inconsistent in quality and texture, but not inedible for the most part. We were there for Restaurant Week and selected a first course, entree, and dessert from the Restaurant Week menu.  As a note, we were informed by our server that none of the items on the menu for Restaurant Week are available normally-- that these were special offerings only for this week.  For my first course, I had the white asparagus salad. Not bad, but not remarkable in any way-- just standard salad with standard dressing. My partner had the roasted artichoke bisque which had a thin film on the top of it leading us to believe it had been sitting out for quite some time.  She commented that it didn't taste fresh-- like it had possibly come from a pre-made mixture.  In addition, it was loaded with pancetta-- which she said overpowered the subtle roasted artichoke taste with "meatiness". Ew.  The dinner rolls that were brought to the table were hard, and stale tasting (not "crunchy")--  the dinner rolls served at school cafeterias and nursing homes are tastier. Seriously. For our entrees, we both ordered the grilled steelhead salmon. And cue the inconsistencies.... My salmon was fairly overcooked and quite dry.  To be fair, this is better than it being undercooked--  I'm normally a strict vegetarian, but I do enjoy fish occasionally even though it kind of creeps me out to eat an animal of any sort-- and rare/raw fish would have been a deal breaker for me.  The seasoning was tasty and overall I did enjoy the fish.  However, my partner's salmon came *very* rare-- like sushi rare.  It was seared on the outside, but cool in the middle.  Now I know it's typical for salmon to be served medium rare-- but this was RARE rare.   Both of our potatoes were very undercooked and difficult to eat.  The grilled campari tomatoes were the one delicious exception to the plate-- they were delicious, flavorful, and nicely presented.  Finally, there was a disparity in the temperature of our meals-- mine was piping hot, while my partner's was lukewarm at best.  Now mind you, we ordered the exact same entree that came out of the kitchen at the exact same time.  So why the difference?  My guess is that with it being Restaurant Week, the kitchen was pre-cooking these meals en masse and the attention to detail went by the wayside.  Nonetheless, not an acceptable excuse--Restaurant Week should be an opportunity for restaurants to highlight their best dishes and talents in hopes of bringing in more business-- not to churn out subpar food that turns patrons off from ever visiting again to enjoy their standard menu.  We both had the chocolate pot de creme for desert and it was completely delectable-- no complaints there.  The texture was smooth and creamy and the chocolate was flavorful without being too sweet or bitter.  I wonder if it is a coincidence that the best part of the meal was the one part of the meal that it is acceptable to prepare ahead of time?! All in all, it was not a horrible experience-- the ambiance and dessert were wonderful.  I doubt I'd return again for dinner, but perhaps for cocktails and dessert.
5	yay! my 100th review :) So glad its a 5 star.Hubby surprised me with a night out- He heard from a little birdy (gf Heather) that I wanted to try Orange Sky. This experience is probably slightly biased in that I was completely smitten from being surprised with a nice dinner at a beautiful place... but here goes :)The valet area at Talking Stick is nicely lit and busy, good energy there. When you go to the elevator lobby for the OS, there is a receptionist that checks your reservation before you go up to the 15th floor in a glass elevator- oh, the view. Just amazing. Its the kind of elevator that makes you want to hit the emergency button and make out, except that now I'm old enough to think 1) elevators are probably really germy places 2) there's probably a camera in that elevator (not my thing so much, but I'm not judging), and 3) what if there was a real emergency? what kind of jerk would I be? ok, I digress.After checking in with the hostess we got drinks at the bar. Yes, I know, people complain about the drinks being too expensive, they're $10-$15. But the price is comparable to any other high end restaurant in the valley, and they're all alcohol. I'd rather pay top dollar for a stiff drink than have 3 watered down drinks. The Sunset Martini was soooo good. We were shown to our table, a big booth facing the fireplace, perfect for a romantic dinner. The service was fantastic, really- its what Mastro's was back in the day. I had the artichoke bisque (a special for Restaurant Week but I didn't want the rest of the menu, so they accommodated me and let me get it anyway)- it was very tasty (the pancetta didn't hurt). Hubby had a beet salad that he enjoyed, and got the scallops which were cooked perfectly. I had the shrimp/scallop steaks wrapped in jalapeno bacon and they were as good as they sound. We also got the smoked cheddar whipped potatoes (this was the only so-so part of the meal, they were on the bland side) and the mushroom risotto which was really good. Risotto is one of those things thats either cooked right or not, and it was done really well. I can't wait to go back, it was really enjoyable.
3	This was my fifth visit to OS. With each visit it has has lost a touch it's luster and shine. Last night we started our experience with the leaving us waiting at the hostess stand for 30 minutes despite the fact they weren't busy. Did I mention my wife is 6 months pregnant?When we got our table it looked very promising. We had 2 servers. At first I thought it was because 1 was in training, but I soon realized there were 2 servers for each table. In the end we got the service equivalent to having 3/4 of a server. The food was good, but not worth the cost.
4	I'm giving Orange Sky a solid four stars for a great experience. It's not my favorite restaurant in town, but it definitely one that impressed me beyond belief! I visited Orange Sky months back when Talking Stick first opened and explored the restaurant sans guests, so I knew what I was walking into. However, I must say that it was even better the second time I went! Time was running out to participate in Restaurant Week so we looked at the list of restaurants and decided that this was the perfect chance to try Orange Sky. Luckily we made reservations because when we arrived, they said that it was full until 9 PM (this was at 7). Upon arrival at the hostess stand at the bottom floor, I noticed that they have a really strict dress code: no t-shirts, cut-offs, flip flops, shorts, and some others that I can't remember. Once they checked our reservation, we got into the elevator and I was pleasantly surprised to see that one of the walls is glass, allowing us to look out on the desert as we zipped up. We arrived on the 15th floor and walked out into a lively lounge equipped with patios, plenty of seating and even a pianist singing classic tunes. The restaurant itself is intimate and very much like a restaurant you would find in a large city. Glass windows line the restaurant and they have plenty of private seating. They have rooms to the right that seat roughly 15-20 people, including a wine rack room. To the left, they have private niches that seat between 4-6 people with windows looking out on the skyline. The main section of the restaurant has plenty of booths and tables as well as other tables along the windows. Then the rooftop patio has couch seating as well as regular tables. They even offer light-up menus since it's dark. The patio would be a wonderful place to sit and grab drinks and food and they even have a staircase that goes directly down into the club on the 14th floor. Moving on to the food, it was pretty good. I started with the Artichoke bisque, followed by the game hen and ended the meal with a chocolate tarte. Everything was tasty. A couple things I noticed that stood out was when I asked our waitress what appetizer she suggested off of the prix fix menu, she said she didn't like one and hadn't tried the other and really did a pretty poor job of selling any of the items. I opted for the bisque without high expectations and it was a lot better then she sold it to be! Then for the wine, another waiter came by and asked us if we wanted refills on our cocktails. My bf opted for another beer and said so but I still had a half of glass of wine so didn't order another one. The second beer shows up and the next thing I know the waiter is pouring wine into my glass. I stopped him and said I didn't order a glass of wine and he said he thought he heard me say I did. I said I hadn't and at this point it was too late because the wine was already poured in. However, the waiter was very nice and since I hadn't asked for the wine, they didn't end up charging us for it. In summary, I like Orange Sky and this is definitely a great option for date night, if you have visitors in town, or if you are staying at the casino. It's worth it to go for the ambiance alone.
3	This is my third time to Orange Sky and I keep asking why?  The ambiance is FANTASTIC, truly stunning, fun, edgy and amazing views...which is why we keep coming back.  A great destination restaurant when family/friends come in town and you want to show the valley to them (Def. book a reservation for sunset time...so you can watch the valley's magnificent setting of the sun).  The food is fine...has always been tasty....but I expect that for Orange Sky prices.  But the service is embarrassing. Has to be poor training/management.  Consistantly disorganized, scattered and pitiful.  You have to strain to find a manger, server, bus boy etc.  The hostess always seem scared and confused when you ask them a question about your reservation.  Our last visit....and truly our last visit.....our server was seemingly professional, seemed to be in his early 40's...so seemed to be a career waiter and he seemed knowlegeable about the menu which was a pleasant surprise b/c former waiters had seemed ignorant about the menu.........we were jazzed b/c we thought finally Orange Sky "gets" that they have to hire and train their staff on appropriate/high end restaurant service.  Well Michael (our waiter) was a totall disappointment...he either was petrified of the chef or an arrogant d*ck.  We asked that our salads be chopped and he said the kitchen was too busy to chop a salad.  I explained that I would like to talk to a chef that wants his waitstaff telling customers that they are too busy to chop a salad......he said he would try to ask the kitchen to chop the salad for us, but they were really busy and he could not make any promises.  I again explained that our expectation is that our salad be chopped upon presentation and if it was not, we would not pay for that salad and would send it back and contiue to send it back until chopped.....he never relented to say that the salad would be chopped....just he would "try".  ( Of course the salad came chopped...but the interaction was strange.)  Then when two of us ordered our steaks, one of us ordered it medium well...after the waiter asked how she wanted her steak cooked.  When she said medium well....he said that it not the proper way to cook a steak and the kitchen prefers it to be cooked just medium.  So I said why even bother asking how she wanted her steak to be cooked and he said well he assumed she would "know the proper degree of cooking for a filet".  Again we asked for the manager and of course no manager came.  When our entrees arrived, the assistant waiter ( I think every table has two waitstaff or one in training...not sure) brought everyone's entrees but had no clue who got what and four of us got the filet.......but cooked at different temperature......when we asked if were receiving the correct steak....she said she did not know..and we should cut into our steak and figure it out ourselves......when the gal who ordered her steak medium well...cut into hers while the waitress was there, she could tell it was rare and she told the waitress and the waitress told her to "swap with someone else at the table to find her right steak".  So, not a rude or snotty staff....but running ragged, afraid of the chef or kitchen...but sorely .ill trained on fine dining and somewhat embarrassing on their lack of decorum for a luxury restaurant.  So have to give it only three stars.  I want to love this place...but cannot if the staff continues to be so sub par.
5	This place is great!!!  My husband and I took my parents here for their 50th wedding anniversary anniversary and we were not disappointed.   Let me begin by saying you won't find a better view of the valley than from this restaurant.    We arrived while it was still light out and left at night so we got to witness the beautiful sunset.   The restaurant provides floor to ceiling glass windows that provide a 360 degree view of the valley.  Everything was topnotch.   Like another reviewer stated you do have two food servers which is great.   If you need anything during the course of your meal there is always someone close by to attend to your needs.   These are the items that were ordered by members of our party:  Antipasti Plate, Roast Pork Chop, Mixed Grill, Roast Rack of Lamb, Alaskan King Crab Legs, Crab Louie Salad, Wild Mushroom Risotto, artichoke au gratin.  Everything was superb!!    They did bring us out a special dessert complimentary due to the occasion.   All the drinks we ordered were prepared correctly also.   It is pricey so be prepared to shell out a few dollars but it's worth it.
1	Had the ribeye on 4th of July.  Not at all worth the money.  Go to Ruth Chris, Mastro's, Donovan's, Flemings or even Outback.  You will be better off.
4	We came here Friday night for cocktails to enjoy an Arizona sunset.  The views are very nice and the service is friendly.  I am interested to try the restaurant.  They had it roped off, so you couldn't sneak a peek to see if you wanted to come back.
5	One of the best restaurants in Scottsdale. The private booths and the views of the city are breathtaking too. We loved the Alaskan King Crab Legs which are already removed from the shells for you and served in a huge heap. The Scallops and Oysters were top shelf. This is a romantic spot that requires you dressing up just a little. Pre-dinner try the bar, hit the Casino after dinner if you're feeling lucky.
5	After reading other reviews our party of 5 was hesitant about keeping our dinner reservations. However, we decided to keep it and be our own critics and we're so glad we did! The atmosphere, food and service were superb! You should expect to pay a little more when you have such a great dining experience. Great food, stunning view and fabulous service! As the saying goes, "you cannot always judge a book by it's cover!" We are definitely looking forward to our next visit
3	We read reviews but decided to give it a try and write our own review. The view,service and atmosphere was good. The food was good, nothing great or outstanding for the price.  Please note that prices start at $28.00 and up.  To give you some reference if you have been to Ocean Club, those are the prices you are paying without the great food,service etc. Best thing to do is go for a drink I'd you want to see the view. Actually if you want to go for the view, do something better like hiking camel back for free and you get excellent exercise out of it.
4	We didn't eat at the restaurant but we did have some drinks while listening to George Hamilton. The drinks were great and it's really a fun place to hang out and have drinks!
1	If you hate your money, go here. I once had a better experience at a mugging.
4	I had the pleasure of eating at Orange Sky lastnight saturday evening. We had reservations at 5:30 to celebrate a friends birthday.  As previous reviews stated, there is a dress code, and a private elevator up to the restaurant. We were seated immediately and greeted by 3 servers. Our main server was very knowledgeable about the menu and answered any of our questions. Restaurant week had just begun that day and she explained that menu.There was some confusion when it came to the restaurant week menu.  I did not opt to do restaurant week however, one of their dishes was on the main menu and priced seperately so I was under the impression I could order that dish seperate. When my dinner came, it had no sauce as the menu stated it would, and it lacked the extra flair. The waitress, Lisa, was quick to bring it back to the kitchen and have them fix it. She stated it is confusing and they were expecting it as it was the first night of restaurant week. I enjoyed the dinner from there on out. Also, our water glasses were often and that is a plus to me!One complaint I had, was regarding my wine order. I had left the table for some time while the others at my table had ordered a glass of wine. When I came back, the servers had failed to ask me if I wanted another glass of wine. I had to then ask for the wine menu and take it from there. Overall, a great experience, and would go back for a special occasion!
2	We have had good experiences at Orange Sky, but the one on Nov. 1 was not so.  Service was good, though no one could figure out who was to serve our water for the first 15 minutes we were there.  The food (lobster bisque, king crab, and steak) also tasted good, but within about 4 hours, my wife and I both became violently ill.  I reported this the next day to the hostess, who seemed completely unconcerned.  So, we also reported it directly to management, mostly so they could investigate and possibly prevent others from having the same experience.  Management, however, was also not interested in how food poisoning occurred in its restaurant.  For the price tag you pay to eat here, I'd recommend someplace else.  Most restaurants of this caliber put food safety very high on their priorities list.  Not so at Orange Sky.  (We also were there to celebrate a special occasion.  The restaurant was not half full.  Where did they put us???  Next to the restroom.)
5	Every year my husband and I compete to see who can take the other to the best place for thier birthday dinner.  We have been to all the top places in AZ and I was excited to add Orange Sky to the list.  We got a private booth - I timed it at sun set.The private booth gives you a sofa like bench facing the window to watch the sun setting, with curtains on both sides.  Very private, romantic and breath taking.The food is good quality food.  It's not the best meal I have ever eaten but it was very well cooked and tasted great!This is a perfect place to go to WOW someone, especially someone special.
2	I was extremely excited to try Orange Sky, but ended disappointed with the entire experience.  It is fitting that this is a casino restaurant; lots of flash, little substance.  Orange Sky will not be the closer alternative to Kai that I had hoped for.The $125 per plate prix fixe meal included appetizer, salad, main, and dessert.  No wine pairing option was available, though the server did try to match glasses from their  limited by glass wine list.  There was no sommelier, and even the full bottle list was limited.  A "complimentary" glass of sparkling was definitely not a high quality.  Note to Orange Sky:  I would prefer glass of good sparkling poured halfway (normal), rather than a cheap sparkling poured to the rim.The appetizers were both wonderfully plated.  My abalone was good, and my wife's lobster and risotto was excellent, but felt a little heavy on the cream for an appetizer.  Endive salads were simply average.  The standard lemon sorbet between salad and main was a large scoop in a small dish garnished with a mint leaf and berry.  It was awkward to eat with a spoon too large for the dish.  Main courses were both extremely well cooked lamb and beef, both a perfect medium rare.  Portions of meat were unusually large.  They were let down by the sides that neither paired well nor  were particularly well executed.  My poached pair dessert had a great flavor, but serving was not well thought out as it was difficult to eat.
5	The Orange Sky is located on the 15th floor of the Talking Stick resort.  It offers an excellent panorma view.  When making reservation they ask if you are celebrating a special occasion, indeed, it was my boyfriend's birthday! Made reservations at 5:30 and from the moment we were seated, we were warmly greeted and had excellent customer service.  Seated in a plush dining room with crisp white linens in a semi private booth.  I felt as if I was in my own little world.  Private and yet views of the valley and the entire dining room.  Our timing couldn't be better with the sunset views, once the sun went down, the lighting changed and it felt cozy and VERY romantic.  The antipasti plate is so delicious with the roasted squash hummus and the bacon wrapped dates.  Great to share for two and definately recommend to try.  I also ordered the Rib Eye Steak, it was solid, nothing remarkable but it was good.  The pianist gives a super loungey feel, 5 stars for him alone.  You'll definatley leave with good vibes and and would definatley return. Classy and sophisticated.Oh btw, if you're up for some dancing, after the restaurant closes, the lounge area before entering the dining room, turns into a dance floor at about 10:30pm (no cover).  Nothing over the top or too crowded but it was a great place to get your groove on afterward.  I was not expecting that at all.  It was a great night overall.
4	You come here to impress your date with the view, the private booths facing the windows are nothing short of awesome.  The food is as pricey as to be expected but it was very good, service is top notch also.  We started with salad, then I had the ribeye and it rocked!  My wife had the crab legs that were already de-shelled, that rocked!  We also got the ah-gratin style potatoes that were slightly undercooked so they were not that great and we got the creme brulee but it came out cold, probably because it was Valentines Day.  I am not sure that I would rush back since I do not drop that kind of coin often and it was a bit of a drive.  I am glad that we have a nice casino style resort in Phoenix now but they need to deal with the casino floor, it smells way to strong with smoke.
2	Only the atmosphere kept me from giving this a one star.  We got there and weren't seated until 8:15 for our 8:00 res.  At first 3 different people came to our table and took our wine water and food orders.  Then when I got my soup they didn't bring me a spoon.  So I sat there for almost 20 minutes staring at my bisque before the waiter came to ask me how it was.  It was cold by the time I finally got a spoon.  Then, it was 30 min later we were ready to walk out because they had not dropped of our entre yet and nobody had checked in with us.  Finally the steaks came and they were barely average.  Not worth the money.  This place is on the 15th floor and the view from our private booth was great but everything else was pretty bad.  Not recommended.  Such a shame because the setting is very nice.
5	I celebrated my recent birthday with my husband and daughter at the Orange Sky and I choose this restaurant as our previous experience had been wonderful, well they did not disappoint us! We requested a table to watch the sunset and what a beautiful sunset we had!  we were seated promptly and our server was very nice and gave us excellent service.I ordered the beet salad and is so good and the salmon which was cooked perfectly.My husband and daughter split the ribeye as it is 17 oz and it was delicious just as the previous time. The selections of wine are ample and they make great martinis.After they cleared our table, our waiter came with a beautiful Birthday chocolate little cake, with "Happy Birthday"  written on the plate, that was a very nice touch.I recommend this restaurant to anybody wanting to have good service, good food and an amazing sunset!
1	I called 3 times over the span of a week to make a reservation for a sizable bachelor party. No one ever picked up the phone (yes, I called during business hours). I ended up leaving a message with my information, but no one ever called me back. They basically left $1,000+ laying on the table.If you want to be the big place you claim to be, you can start with answering your phones.
3	The real reason to dine here is the experience dining in a romantic private booth.  You sit in a high-back booth facing the window on The 15th floor of the Talking Stick Resort & Casino.  The booths are separated by curtins and significant space so you never see anyone but your waiter and seldom hear other conversations.  Plan on spending about $100/person.  The food was good but not to die for.  We had martinis with blue cheese olives, raw oysters, diver scallops, pork chop, loaded baked potato, and the lemon/lime curd desert.  The service was friendly and frequent but not as professional as I expected.
5	My wife surprised me for father's day with a trip to Talking Stick and a dinner at this stunning restaurant. This place celebrates the desert and all things Arizona- the view is incredible in every direction, and the ambiance of the interior is just as stunning. When we arrived there was a lounge singer near the waiting area with a drummer and pianist accompanying her- we were taken back to our table and the menu was explained in great detail by our friendly server, Lisa. Once we ordered, we were encouraged to spend our wait for the food sipping our drinks on the 15th story patio that overlooks the golf course. I killed my smartphones batteries taking pictures of the wild horses wandering the outskirts of the property.My wife ordered the pork chop- I had the Australian lamb. They were both very good- as were the sides, drinks and dessert (smore creme brulee). All in all, we spent two hours there and never felt rushed. The bill was expectedly high ($170 after tip- roughly the amount we paid for the room that night), but for me, eating here is a one-time thing anyway, so the expense isn't one I have to plan for in the future. Not really a place I'd drag my toddlers.I highly recommend Orange Sky if time and money are no object.
3	Our thoughts about Orange Sky mirrors many of the other comments here.  The bad offsets the good.  We arrived for a reservation timed to watch the sun set.  As others have noted we had to walk through a smoke-filled Casino to get to the private elevator up to the restaurant.  I'm not sure if there is another way in, but we asked several outside staff where we should park for the restaurant and followed their directions.   Once inside the casino from the west parking area, we followed the signs on the ceiling signs to get us into the general area, although not all signs along our path indicated the way.  We had to look around until we found other signs that brought us to the private elevators.  There's a young lady there who we assume is the doorman preventing the general population from getting up to the restaurant as looky-loos, which we appreciated.  What we didn't really like was the dress code.  Not that there was a dress code, but why bother if it only excludes the most basic t-shirts, flip-flops, and baggy pants.  We were dressed up for our special occasion, but most of the other patrons to this high-end restaurant were dressed like they were going out to shop at Walmart.  Not really the experience we were expecting.  We would have liked the code to rather tell you the minimum standards of dress.  The ambiance at the restaurant is simply spectacular, less of course the view of the parking lot.  We didn't find it as distracting as some others, but the point is noted.  That being said, the sunset was amazing and when it got dark the lights on the 101, the Pavilion, and the houses on Camelback were just beautiful.  The open floor plan is very appealing also.  Many people talked about their private booths on the way into the main seating area, but we like to see all the action.The service was OK, but we've had much better at places like Remington's and Casa Mia.  While the staff pays attention, the interaction is just not at the level of professionalism you'd expect at a high-end place.  The exception was the Sommelier, Lukas, who knows his stuff and added a lot of class to the experience.  Another issue we found was the waiter stations located in-between every other table against the windows.  We were uncomfortable having conversations with the staff standing right behind our chair and their constant movement around us distracted from our experience.  Why in the world are there wait stations on the floor in-between tables?  Food presentation was mixed.  We started with the Antipasti plate.  It was a work of art, laid out wonderfully with flatbread accents on a wooden platter.  What ruined the whole thing was the metal sauce cup, which held the delicious fig compote. These are the same ones you get at a diner to hold Ketchup.   Why they wouldn't put it in a white ceramic bowl I don't know, but that little change would really step it up instead of having the cheap metal cup drag it down.  Attention to detail if you're a 4 star restaurant.Our steaks came on a giant white plate with the steak and a small pepper as a garnish.  Food presentation can't be stressed enough.   We stared at our plates and found it to be of limited appeal.  While the steaks were outstanding, they didn't look very appealing all alone on the big white canvass.  Yes, the sides are served in separate bowls and you need the room on the plate to put them, but that doesn't excuse being served a slab of meat on a giant white plate.  Pretty plain.  The steaks come with a side of sauce.  Again, the sauce came in a cheap SMALL metal cup that was placed on the table instead of a white ceramic bowl matching the plates, and placed ON the plate.  That would have helped with presentation.  The blue cheese butter was piped in the cup instead of the typical "coins" made by rolling the butter and cheese into a log, then cutting it into coins.  The coins are easier to place on your steak and melt much better.  The coins would have actually provided enough for the steak.   The amount that came in the cup with the steak wasn't even worth serving with a $38 steak, and an extra cup was $4.  I would rather have given the small amount back and had them knock $4 off the steak.Wine.  This is always a touchy area and there are several schools of though.  First, Lukas's wine list is spectacular.   It has a wide range of offerings at a wide range of prices, and he has probably the best selection of Cakebread in the state.  That being said, I found the prices all over the place.  Some were priced at 100% markup, some at 200% and some even higher.   I don't mind paying 100% as this is probably the maximum "fair" price in my view.  That's my school of thought.  Other's, including Orange Sky, may think they can charge more because of the view out the windows. That's their prerogative, and maybe they have the clientele that doesn't mind paying these markups.   Maestro's does this and that's their niche, but Maestros is head and shoulders above Orange Sky in
4	This restaurant is located on the 15th floor of the casino. There is a dress code warning including no flip flops, t-shirts, shorts or cut offs which helps to keep the casino riff raff out. There are glass widows lining the restaurant  with tables and booths placed all around them. The mountain and desert views are spectacular and the overall ambiance is classy and captivating. The food was excellent although a bit overpriced. I had the tenderloin flatbread , the steak was tender and juicy and had the perfect amount of rosemary. The Tuscan kale salad and the fried green tomatoes were also delicious choices prepared with care. I agree with another reviewer who said the wine list pricing was all over the place, luckily the selection made up for the scattered pricing. The bartender we had was personable and friendly and made our visit quite enjoyable.Overall I don't think I would make dinner reservations here, but it is a nice place to grab an app and a glass of wine and take in the stunning views of our beautiful desert city.
5	What an absolutely fabulous way to spend my birthday! This restaurant exudes luxury and class! From the impeccable interior decor to the elegance of  the perfectly positioned indoor/outdoor fireplace! The views of the skyline are breathtaking and add instant romance to any dinner. However this is not just any dinner. The waitstaff makes you feel so cared for  and looked after that you feel weightless from the stress of the day! I was waited on by very charismatic lady with the loveliest British accent! She had such a great rapport with the people at the tables as well as mine. Effortlessly making sure you had everything you needed as well as throwing in a bit of British humor, which I found utterly charming and entertaining! Oh and the tenderloin..........just melted in my mouth as well as the chocolate surprise dessert they brought me without my asking to celebrate my birthday! How thoughtful! This is definitely the spot to impress, visitors or clients from out of town. But for me it could become an every weekend dinner. There is not enough great things I can say except for, Keep up the great work, Talking Stick Resort! And Orange Sky you definitely belong among the many wonderful restaurants in this amazing 5 star resort! See you again soon!
5	I really want to keep this review simple, If you like AMAZING food, and dont mind spending the money for a true dining experience... then reserve a private booth and enjoy.
4	Wonderful restaurant!  My husband and I dined here for our anniversary.  Upon arrival, you'll be whisked to the top of the resort in a private elevator which opens to a lovely lounge.  The piano player is definitely a nice touch.  There your hostess will greet you.  Yes, greet you.  No employees huddled in private conversation.  My husband requested a private booth for sunset.  Once I relocated half a dozen pillows in the booth, I settled in to the table overlooking a wall of drawn shades.  There were a couple side chairs in the corner as well.  I'm assuming this is so your dining partner has somewhere to sit in the event you overdo it and need to lie down in the booth between courses.  At the magic hour, the blinds were raised and there was a wall of floor-to-ceiling windows with lovely mountain views and a setting sun.  Very romantic, but let's get to the food.We started with a small iced shellfish platter with king crab legs, oysters, mussels and shrimp.  The crab legs were already cracked which I appreciate greatly.  For my entree, the mediterranean sea bass with leeks and mushrooms in a white wine sauce.  Perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned, perfectly eaten.  For sides we shared the fried green tomatoes and the cauliflower gratin.  The gratin was sinfully rich and creamy.  The tomatoes were nicely fried, but not quite tender enough.  We were given a complimentary dessert as well.Service was impeccable from start to finish.  I felt the pricing was more than reasonable for a restaurant such as this.  Our meal was somewhere around $250, excluding tip, but that also included flowers for me (which were beautifully done!) and a bottle of wine.  They do have a dress code that while enforced, it's not terribly strict..mostly no t-shirts, ripped up jeans, flip-flops, etc.  Nothing that would kill any of us to abide, even in the middle of July.Note to husband...would love to go again!!
1	We had a party of 6 people and arrived at 530 for our 530 reservations.  We were sat at 545 and ordered drinks, salads and our entrees right away, we had a concert at 8. We received our salads at 715.... No joke here. We were served our entrees at 8 pm. We understand places get busy and hectic but our server for the most part avoided our table. We were told once our salads should be coming out soon and that was around 7 pm. Food was ok but for 700.00 dinner and an automatic 22% tip on top of that I would unfortunately not recommend this place. Mastros City hall is awesome!!! Spend your money there, they may not have the view but the svc and food is impeccable.
5	My husband and I have dined here a few times now and the first experience was great and the restaurant is beautiful but I wasn't impressed by my meal.  I ordered the sea bass and I have to say I've definitely had better.  But my husband loved it and the service was great so we went again.  This time I ordered the lobster entree and it was to die for...cooked just right and the sauce was amazing!! We recently went there to celebrate our 5 year anniversary and had a wonderful time, the food and drinks were amazing, and our waiter took great care of us knowing it was a special evening. We'll definitely be returning again soon!
5	Wonderful dining experience. Food quality and restaurant atmosphere are top of the line. You won't be disappointed.
4	Surprised my Parents with a special stay at the casino and dinner at Orange Sky for their 30th Anniversary.  The restaurant was accommodating for our large party and even put some festive confetti on our table (which I provided in advance) to liven up the party.  Upon arrival to this breathtaking restaurant, we were seated with a nice view of the city.  I was expecting even more, but was overall pleased with our seat and the view around us.  The wait staff was pleasant and served our party in an appropriate manner.All of the food was cooked well, however my Dad chomped down on a piece of glass in the cauliflower side dish we ordered.  He was pretty upset at first, but the manager handled this situation (offering to call an ambulance - which was not necessary).  Though the glass in food incident did put a slight damper on things, the staff made up for it by taking two entrees off the bill and also gave a complimentary Anniversary dessert.Overall, was I blown away by my steak/sides... no, not really, but the service and ambiance made up for it.  The food was on par with what I would expect for the price, so in the end I was quite happy with this dining experience and my Parents loved the surprise and raved about everything besides the glass (LOL).
5	The service is impeccable here. I still love coming here for special occasions because the night is so relaxing and I know the food will be executed flawlessly. That's why I was excited to start the new year's day 2013 with my family. I stepped out of my routine of ordering a Malbec or temperanillo with my meal, and ventured to ordering an Old Fashioned. They do it well here! I'm almost thinking about making the picture I took of it my phone wallpaper because I always want to remember it! My family ordered oysters to start as always. One of the oysters I chomped into contained a special surprise... A pearl! Don't worry, I didn't break a tooth or anything, but it definitely surprised me when I was chewing and thought, "Wow, this is a huge piece of grit in my oyster," and was shocked to find a small pearl! I guess that doesn't always happen, but I will look for another when I eat oysters so I can make earrings or something!My twin beef tournedos (mini twin filets) was just as amazing as always paired with the Bernaise sauce. I actually split it this time with my friend so we could try their special for the night... A chilean sea bass sitting on lobster cakes topped with an Asian glaze type sauce. Usually I love sushi, so cooked fish seldom impresses me, but this sea bass was incredible, especialyl mixed with lobster cakes. Who wants crab cakes, when you can have awesome lobster cakes, right??
4	Great steaks, service less than expected for a group spending over $1000 on dinner. For the spend, stick with the big names. Ruth's, Fleming's.
4	My boyfriend brought me here on my first visit to Scottsdale. He also brought me to Sassi that weekend, so clearly he was trying to give me an impression of Scottsdale by exploiting my love for good local cuisine. Guess what it worked, I've been back to visit three times since (okay the guy has a good thing to do with it).Orange Sky has a few really great things going for it. The first is the picturesque view. Second is the little nook-like banquettes that can be reserved which are like private little romantic crescent. I'd be lying if I said we didn't have a mini kiss fest. Plan to have a 3 course meal in order to meet the minimum at these tables. Third is the impeccable and attentive service (but not too attentive as to interrupt our make out session).The menu is fairly traditional with steak, seafood and seasonal ingredients. The only thing I didn't care much for was my cocktail. Very strong which I'd assume has something to do with an older crowd that frequents the casino.Menu- http://www.urbanspoon.com/cities/22-phoenix/restaurants/1519767-orange-sky/menu
4	What is NOT to like about Orange Sky?  Ok, it takes a special occasion, one of those destination-type restaurants, as it will cost you a little coin.  That being said, my evening there was flawless, & gotta hand it to GM Nick Colwell.  He has an amazingly talented, superior staff, and they seamlessly manage to make you feel very special and attended to, even while they serve 300-400 dinners around you!  Great job in guding the ship, Nick.The food and wine list reward you with the meal of the year.  Get settled in and enjoy an amazing culinary experience while watching amazing views of the sunset over the McDowells and Camelback Mountain.Can't wait to return!
5	If I could give it ten stars, I would - perfect corn soup, perfectly cooked steak. However, the sommelier was top notch - consulted on wines and never condescended. We ordered a $$$ bottle of wine at his suggestion. He opened it, decanted it, and pronounced it corked. He apologized, and did not assume that we wouldn't notice. Brought a second, and it was perfect. Even though you have to go through the stinky casino, it's a different world up there.We're saving all of our dining out pennies to eat here.
5	This was some of the BEST food I've had in a long time!! The lobster must melted in your mouth and the the bacon wrapped prawns stuffed with a sliver of jalapeno made you wanna "slap yo mama!"  The service was phenomenal and the views are amazing!! Make sure you go during the sunset! The restaurant is on top of Talking Stick Casino on the 17th floor, and when the fun sets on the mountains it's a thing of beauty!!
3	My boyfriend surprised me with two nights at TSR for our anniversary. I have reviews of our experience of the hotel and the spa but wanted to write a separate review for  our experience at Orange Sky.As my other reviews stated, service at this hotel overall is a bit mixed, maybe 2.5 stars at best. When we checked in at the desk on the Casino floor before going up to the restaurant, the man at the desk asked for our name and asked what time our reservations were for. We gave him the information and he asked again what our name was. I could clearly see were next on his list of names. We repeated it and then he just said 'ok', and another man walked over and hit the button to the elevator. No smiles from either, no 'have a nice dinner'. Neither one of them said anything more to us and it almost felt like we were interrupting their conversation. Upon arriving on the 15th floor, the hostest informed us that our table would be about 10 minutes even though we were right on time. No big deal, we just took a seat in the lounge area and waited to get a drink. Our pre-dinner cocktails were okay but the service was slow and without a smile.  What are these people so crabby about? In addition, rather than take our order after having the menu's for 5 minutes, our waitress waited at the bar for what seemed like forever for 4 glasses of water to be filled for another table and chatted with the other waiters. Luckily once we ordered our drinks, they arrived fairly quickly and we were able to have one drink before our table was ready. Shortly thereafter, we were summoned to go with a hostest to our table. We were lead through dancing couples on the dance floor and were sat in the second booth from the front.  The hostest never offered to pull out our table so it made it a bit awkward to get into but it was cozy once you sat down with all the pillows. We did have a nice dinner and the way the booths are positioned, it makes it feel very private...that is unless you have a noisy group next to you on the other side of the divider. Ours weren't overly noisy but you could clearly hear everything they were saying while we were busy eating.Our waitress was more friendly after striking up a conversation and all the food was good. I had the sweet corn soup with the filet and the bf ordered a salad with the ribeye. Not anything particularly memorable but it was good. We were given a dessert for our anniversary but can't say whether it was free or not since I didn't pay the bill :) It was good, some sort of chocolate cake with hazelnuts with some very pretty penmanship wishing us happy anniversary. It was the best service related touch we had received the whole evening. We missed the sunset during dinner which I'm sure would have added to the experience but watching highway traffic whiz by on the 101 after dark isn't overly romantic in my opinion. Even if there are mountains in the background. Overall though, given the mediocer service at the front, the standard steak affair on the menu and lack of atmosphere past dark, I can't say that I would go back.If you do decide to go anyway, make sure you go early enough to catch the sunset!
4	Great food and awesome views. Since there are no prices listed on online, I will try to help. We arrived early to have a drink prior to dinner. Drinks and wines by the glass are about $15 each. We were then escorted to our table/ booth that looked west as the sun was setting. Great views!! For dinner, we started with burrata and pest that was amazing. Prices of appetizers and salads were about $10-15 each. Entrees start at $30 for scallops and fish, scallops were the best I have ever had. Steaks are priced starting at $33 for small filet, $38 for rib eye and $40 for a kobe flat iron, there were others but i cannot recall. My husband ordered a regular filet that was $40 and perfectly cooked. We did not order dessert , so I am not sure what was on that menu.We will definitely be back. There is also a great outdoor patio with a negative edge fountain off the dining room.
1	Yes we also went for a Birthday celebration... Great food and views our waiter was wonderful but the Hostess, Bar/Lounge Service and Manager were rude and untrained and  terrible. Took 20 minutes to get a drink in the lounge prior to going to our table and the drinks were not what we ordered. They had an attitude- very rude-The Restaurant was empty and we were told we had to go to our Table because they weren't going to hold our table any longer.... there was no one in the restaurant. The Hostess went to the Manager and she came back and said yes you can stay for a few more minutes.. Really.. When it took 20 min. to get a drink- that was the wrong drinks... The Cocktail waitress was very busy talking to the bartender and we sat there waiting... We were definitely an inconvenience... In 5 minutes the Hostess came back to get us and take us to our Table.... The Wine had turned- the bottle was bad and we had to order a second that was more expensive... Our Bill for two was almost 300.00 and to be treated like we were an inconvenience is just not work the great view... They say they have a dress code but when we were leaving a group  came in and were seated with frayed jeans and cut offs and  tee shirts. Not dressed appropriately.. I know it was a Monday night but still...The locals are talking and it's a shame we wish we could have a fine dining restaurant that is consistent with fine dining service.......
1	Listen. I am fine with a dress code at a respectable establishment. Especially when the majority of the people down stairs are in flip flops and tee shirts ... BUT They turned us away because one of us did not have a "collar shirt". However he did. I tried to explain to the goon bouncer that it was a mandarin style collar which just happens to be different then the standard turn over collar but IS in fact a COLLAR. Dress code beware. They will judge your collar even if they don't know anything about it .  This was the second time  I brought out of town people across town to enjoy the bar on the top floor and they turn us away because one of my guests was not up to their standards.  I have been in Orange Sky a hand full of other times with no problem, but won't bother going back there because I don't  want to "gamble," on getting in.
4	I received a call from the food and beverage manager after my previous review and experience at orange sky. He offered us a 200 credit to return to orange sky and give them another shot. This time around the food, view, service and overall experience was much better. I would definitely recommend making reservations in advance to get a private booth overlooking camelback mountain. We will be back to visit orange sky in the future.
3	Go here only if you wish to celebrate a special occasion ! Fantastic views (of the desert but beautiful nevertheless - beauty lies in the eyes of the beholder) but just about average tasting food.  Their shrimp is like a prawn (i.e. bigger in size for the uninformed, not your regular shrimp size). Pricey Pricey Pricey. They have a great outdoor seating area as well. Like I mentioned earlier - special occasions only so that you can remember the place. Else the food makes it quite forgettable.
3	I have to teeter between three and four stars on this one and tell you the short story is that the atmosphere is among the BEST so food almost doesn't matter. The decor is modern, beautiful and whimsical. The Food I tried was somewhat Basic and really was OK but was unlike the decor. (maybe I just wanted it to be a little fancier to wow me)  I thought the Kitchen not the servers seemed a bit out of sync to me on our visit here so  that helped influenced me to go with three stars. This is a special destination place and is good for groups but  if you desire a private room for your group they must spend at least two thousand dollars. You also need to be aware That a three course dinner with a group of people takes about three hours.I will say I don't agree with most of the reviewers saying the pricing is too high for what they got. I don't recall all the pricing but from what I remember  $24. for Jidori Chicken, $39. for Kolbe style hanger steak, $30 for Sea bass and $8 for ample sides are really what most places would charge.I will say I didn't care about the parking because it was 118 degrees, I was all dressed up and didn't feel like walking threw the hot parking lot and we felt like valeting it but the valet was closed to people not staying over night in the casino. While waiting for the group I was joining I decided to try a Negroni ($15.) Cocktail. It was made with all name brand stuff and was a double size. So I think it was a very fair price for a special old school cocktail that is one of Anthony Bourdain's last meal list. It's a very unique taste of bitter, sweet  but not too sweet and boldly strong in a good way and seemed kind of refreshing. They had live entertainment in the lounge and some people were dancing.It was very dark in the restaurant and so you had to use your phone as a light to read the menu. Our group takes a very long time to decide so I do an Anthony Bourdain and decide to have another cocktail. I don't know how long it took but we arrived at 7 and I looked at my phone and saw it was 8:38 and we still didn't have appetizers yet. I was thinking that they'd come out with dinner but they didn't (Phew) and did arrive after some amount of time. When my halibut arrived I found out it was dry and over cooked but the majority of meals that were served to our table were fine. The waiter asks me how it was and I was honest and said the halibut was very dry and over cooked but still edible and I didn't feel like sending it back. The waiter talked me out of feeling that way and said he'd have a new one for me shortly....and he DID! The new one was cooked just right so it was good. Nothing wrong with it just good sitting on some dried chili pineapple sauce. I did find out latter that the other person at my table with halibut also had dry halibut but didn't tell the waiter. Over all I was happy and now know I also like Negroni Cocktails. Those cocktails are almost even healthy as the bitters in the drink are good for your liver and help contradict the gin.  The halibut was good but wasn't up there with a few others I had this year so that's why it's three star to me. I know everyone was happy and we would go back again.
3	I love the atmosphere.  I love the view.  I love the modern decor.  I love the openness of the place.  I could probably spend all day and night here in one of their comfy chairs drinking martinis.  However, when it comes to the food and service my 'love' of this place is downgraded to 'eh.I went here with my wife and a few friends before seeing a comedy show (Jim Gaffigan) downstairs.  We had a reservation which really wasn't needed because the place was pretty dead.  We were seated promptly and our waitress was pleasant.  We had about 2 hours before our show was to start which we figured would be plenty of time for a cocktail and dinner.  For being so dead this place was somehow very slow with just about everything except with our entrees which came out before we were done with our salads/appetizers.  The waitress awkwardly turned around to put our steaks back in the kitchen for 5 more minutes which ultimately screwed them up.  Here is my rundown on the food:* Bread = nothing special but comes in handy because you will wait forever for your food.* Roman Caesar Salad = worst Caesar type salad I've ever had.  It had hardly any flavor due to not enough dressing, sub-par quality lettuce, and an overall weird mix of ingredients.* Burrata and Prosciutto Pesto = not bad but somebody took it away without asking if we were through with it yet.* Kobe Flat Iron Steak = very good and very flavorful* Ribeye = just ok for a $40 steak.  Nowhere near the flavor or quality of some other high-end steak places in the area.* Garlic Steak Fries = wtf?  They are HUGE (think a potato cut into 4 pieces) and lacked any kind of garlic flavor.  Needed ketchup or aioli badly.* Brussels Sprouts = excellent!* Garlic Herb Butter "Sauce" = wasn't a sauce at all.  It was clearly hard butter.  I think they forgot to microwave it.This place is definitely worth a visit to sit, sight see, and have a drink.  If its top notch service and steak you are looking for try Dominick's or Mastro's.  I'm glad I went here but I won't be back for dinner.
5	My boyfriend surprised me on my birthday with dinner at Orange Sky.  What an awesome place!  We got there early to watch the sunset from the outside area.  It was breathtaking.  Because it was my birthday, they seated us in on of the private booths, even though he had not requested it.  That was definitely a nice touch, as we were able to watch the end of the sunset from the comfort of our private table.  Our food was delicious.  We had soup that was fantastic, although I don't remember what kind because this was a couple of months ago.  Then, for our entrees we shared the crab legs and some sort of steak.  The steak was good, but the crab was INCREDIBLE!  It was already shelled, so we didn't have to go to any trouble and were just able to enjoy it.  Then, they brought us a free dessert for my birthday, but I'm not really a dessert person, so I don't remember what it was.  ** One tiny little complaint-- a few months earlier my bf and I had been at the casino and just wanted to go up and look at the view.  They would not allow us to go up because my bf was wearing flip-flops.  I think that's kind of ridiculous in AZ, but, oh well, just be sure to dress to impress when you go there.
5	Wow,I never give 5 stars but this place deserves it. I went with one of my friend's foodies groups and it was an amazing experience. The views are beautiful at every angle of the restaurant from the bar to the main dinning areas. The sunset was absolutely gorgeous while we ate our delectable meals. I did not drink any alcohol while there, but my foodie friends loved their glasses of fine wine. The french pressed coffee and their deserts looked and smelled amazing as well, although I did not partake because I was absolutely stuffed.I had the Red Chile Beef Tips as my main entree with two sides: The Kale and  mushroom  and the asparagus. I would love to go back and enjoy something different next time. Each person at the table ordered one of the appetizers and they were all delectable in their own ways.I am a fan!!Love,The East Coast Foodie
4	Orange Sky really has an incredible atmosphere. The view is 5+ stars. The food is more like 3.5-4 stars. We went here and made a reservation for a private booth to watch the sunset. It is so cool to do this. The view from the room is amazing and they open the curtains for you to watch the sunset in private. You can walk outside while you are waiting for your food to a really nice patio type area where you can bring your drinks and relax. The food was really good overall, but  not what you'd expect from a restaurant so amazing in every other way. We ordered the filet, scallops, crab, oysters, and cheese plate. The filet and scallops were cooked perfectly, but both had a little too much seasoning for our taste. The crab was seasoned much better, but slightly overcooked. The oysters and cheese plate were both nice, but nothing exceptional. The desert was fantastic. I would recommend Orange Sky to anyone looking for a special occasion place. The view really sets this place apart from any other restaurant in the area that I can think of.
5	I love the ambiance this restaurant gives, especially when we reserve a private booth.  It's such a great setting to have dinner at sunset.  I order the Alaskan King Crab legs and they are absolutely amazing!  My husband has ordered the Lamb and that too was delicious.  As for side dishes, the Asparagus and the Whipped Potatoes are amazing.  The anniversary cake for dessert is also delicious as well as the seasonal blueberry cheesecake that we recently had.  Very expensive (we dropped about $200) however very worth it to us for a great night filled with amazing food and ambiance.  The wine is also a must have - great pairings!
5	I visited Orange Sky at Talking Stick before a concert. I did not have reservations which I highly recommend. The staff did after all do their best and got us a table with very little wait time. The table we sat at was in the middle of the room. The view is spectacular, wish I had a seat closer to a window. The wait staffs knowledge of the menu and their suggestions made our dining experience great. From the appetizer to the main course the food was cooked to perfection and it was delicious. My only wish is that they had a different dessert menu. Everything was chocolate ( which I can't eat) or ice cream. I was hoping unique dessert. Everything is 5 star and to offer a dish if ice cream just turned off the experience. I definitely give the meal five stars because who needs dessert anyways!   Can't wait to go again.
4	Sat at the bar & had a light dinner (okay, two glasses of wine & a salad, really). The bartender was super nice and took care of me. I had the roasted beet salad which was fab. Small but full of flavor - fennel, beets, pears, and cheese crumbles. Can't remember for certain but think it was blue cheese. My only suggestion would be to do fewer pear chunks and more beets. I chatted with a diner next to me. He got the roasted chicken. Again not a huge entree but he said it was yummy.
3	I expected quite a bit more from this place.  Let's start by saying that the facilities are absolutely stunning.  You walk down a hallway that is lined with wine rooms and sommelier quarters and flanked by private booths with stunning views.  It opens to a huge white tablecloth dining room with incredible 180 degree views.  They absolutely have that right.I had the braised porkshank.  It was very good.  It was not amazing and it was not the best that I have ever had but it was very good.  One member of our party had the lamb.  He said that it was just ok.  It looked great and the presentation was really executed well.  The other had a filet.  I am not a fan of filet but that being said it was still very good.  He also said that he enjoyed it.  I have to say that it was prepared perfectly.  I di did not try it but the quinoa was raved about by the others at the table.I think they have it right.  A beautiful dining room.  Really good food...not the best...  Prices were reasonable for the quality and experience.  I was there on business and would return on my next trip.  Not being from the area, if someone else had a suggestion that they thought would be better I would pass on orange sky and try that new place.
5	You need to get hooked up with a concierge his name is John DeMoss  he really rocks this  place, go talk to him and he will show you the way.   Call him first for special 480  850 4062.    Thank you, John, for the great service!!!     Great job to Nick at the Orange Sky lounge.
4	The atmosphere makes the dining experience. Our table sampled the oysters, muffalata, scallops,  filet and veal chop. A few bottles of wine and comp dessert we left spending a small fortune for a table of four. Service is pleasant but slow - I think intentionally as it sets the mood. If you want a private booth during peak season book in advance.
5	What an outstanding dining experience!!!  While the food is more like a 4 - between the food, service, and atmosphere, I have to give it a 5.  We went here to celebrate my hubby's birthday.  Price-wise, it did cost what we would have spent on a little over our usual 3 Sat. nights out.  We did reserve a private booth and I am glad we did as it just adds to the whole experience. Sunset has moved a little more westward by the time they open so we didn't get an outstanding view of that but the overall view, especially  in the dark, was splendid.  Our waitress was extremely knowledgeable when it came to the details of the menu.  My husband likes all that "heat" seen on the menu but I cannot tolerate even a little as it totally destroys the food itself for me - all I taste is heat and what is mild to some, just kills my taste buds. You can Wasabi and horseradish me to death, just don't set my tongue on fire. So the waitress really helped me pick what could be easily adjusted to my liking of seasoning for which I will be forever grateful.We split a shrimp cocktail which consisted of 6 very large shrimp. I make it myself a lot at home and two of the six were ever so slightly on the soggy side.  However, the cocktail sauce had shaved horseradish on top and made me forget about any flaw with the shrimp. My husband had the tomato bisque which I am sorry I didn't also.  That was outstanding.  I had ordered the Campari Tomatoes, white balsamic and sea salt. I am a tomato freak (NJ girl) but I would not order this again as it was not worth the price. Again, this is something I do myself at home.  Maybe regular balsamic would have been better or regular salt. Salt  was not on the table as I am sure the chef takes pride in the proper amount of seasoning and it is not the fault of Orange Sky as in many restaurants we frequent, I do not add salt except to raw tomatoes so maybe it is just me.For dinner, hubby had the rib-eye with yellow tomato horseradish sauce and I had the flat iron steak with the garlic butter sauce. There is plenty of sauce to mix and match so we did.  I was worried the flat iron would be chewy but it was perfect. We added a side of the poached king crab for a surf and turf.   We shared smashed potatoes with pancetta, artichokes, and Parmesan.  Unfortunately, while the pancetta added to the flavor during cooking I am sure, the pieces were like hard little bits and would have been better if not included in the finished product.  Since there was a little mix-up on the soup order and we had to wait longer, they comped us (we didn't ask, they just did it.). They also gave my husband a complimentary dessert which was a chocolate mousse type of square over a crunchy layer of what we would find out later were rice crispies. In a million years, you would not guess rice crispies.Drinks were pricey and we did order wine but like my husband said as the dinner was over "we are worth it".  I would definitely go back for another special occasion!!!  This is true dining folks.
4	Saturday night was a milestone birthday that we chose to celebrate at TSR.  We were pretty excited about dinner at Orange Sky.  Some of that excitement was justified - some was not.  Upon arrival for our 5:00 p.m. sunset dining with a private booth reservation, we were asked to wait in the bar while they got ready for us.  We ordered drinks and waited and waited while others were seated -even after we asked twice it was probably 30 minutes after our reservation time before we were seated and missed the majority of the sunset.  The piano music while we waiting sounded recorded.  The waiter and bus boy were not the level of professionals you would expect for the restaurant.  Nice but goofy.  The private dining booth was wonderful.  Now on to the food.  Oysters great.  Son-In-Law's Rib Eye Steak - wonderful.  My pre-cracked crab wonderful.  My daughter's scallops - disappointing to her to get only 4 scallops on her plate.  Mashed potatoes OK.  Asparagus disappointing - tough.  Bread OK.  Huckleberry cobbler with vanilla ice cream - yummy.  The outdoor patio - breathtaking.  So C for service.  B for food.  A for ambiance.
5	Although rather expensive, the food was great: I recommend the kobe beef and the truffle baked potato. The booths were very intimate and very cozy, great for a night out. However, the location is rather isolated.
4	Great atmosphere, awesome service great main dish, poor sides. I had the salmon, it was amazing my husband had the steak, also amazing but the garlic fries are more like a whole potato than fries and the cracked potato was blah. Will certainly go back and try something new
4	A Christmas dinner is not like any other meal. So when my friends suggested Orange Sky I was beyond excited! The ride up to the restaurant was fun in itself. The elevator with an open view to the mountains was breathtaking, but alas, too short.We arrived a early for our reservations, so we made friends with a Richard at the bar. Although already helping a number of guests he was eager to attend to our needs. A visit to Orange Sky really could be complete with someone like Richard. Such a gem! Well versed in his product line and so, so polite! Note: There are *two* bar areas at Orange Sky. There is the large area when you step off the elevator. There is also an indoor bar, which is in the main dining area. The interior bar seems suited for eating a quick nibble too.Once seated in our deluxe VIP western facing booths, our party was in heaven. The booths are incredibly high and offer the utmost privacy. You could seat three average sized adults in the booth. Additionally, a seat could be placed at each end of the table. I'd stick with three/four adults however. (Two for romance, Four for fun, Five for late night.)Food wise?Er. Ma. Gawd. That's pretty much it. I stuck with the Holiday Menu and ate so much it hurt (later). Yes, that's what happened. I admit it! My eyeballs were filled to the rims with what was on the plate and I ate. Four courses later I wheeled myself out on my knee scooter. A much happier, fuller, person.I highly recommend trying the Lobster Bisque soup. Not only for the exquisite presentation, the lobster was beautifully laid at the bottom of the plate prior to the bisque being poured, but for the richness of what my palate discovered. YUM! (Ate it all.)The Bib & Point Reyes Blue Salad, with walnuts, pears, pancetta and dried cranberries was an enormous presentation. Light as air dressing included blue cheese (that was a surprise!). (Ate it all.)By the time my main entree arrived I was stuffed. But, have no fear, I welcomed Mediterranean Bass like there was no tomorrow. When something is stuffed with crab meat and the hollandaise is so light, well, you make do. (Ate it all.)Dessert was a blur. Eggnog was involved. (Ate it all.)Our seats afforded the most wonderful views of Phoenix I've had to date. The food was amazing. Exploring the outdoor patio was fun. I can't wait to come back to enjoy drinks another time!Four Stars: Only per a hiccup noted with the downstairs check-in. I've reached out to the restaurant. This place is stellar!Updated: Oops! Forgot to mention our bomb diggity server Nicole S. She reached out to me. She's super chipper and really knows the menu well! You'll love her too!
5	Beautiful restaurant with beautiful food and views. I had an unforgettable birthday here in a private booth.  I had lobster while my gf had crab legs and they were both perfect. This rivals any other high end spot in az.
5	We celebrated my husbands 50th birthday at Orange Sky this past weekend.  We were impressed, our guests were impressed and the party was a huge success!We pre-ordered our wine and hor d'oeuvres and had a private server.  The restaurant allowed us to decorate our area in advance and we even had a small private balcony.  The bar and dance floor were just steps away and the band was a lot of fun.  Between eating perfectly spiced crab cakes and tuna tartar we packed the dance floor. We have enjoyed dinner here in the past but this was the first event we experienced here.  I can tell you it won't be the last.  Thank you to our wonderful server, the Chef, the Bartender and Cameo (our planner.)  Your attention to detail and our satisfaction was evident.
2	Deeply disappointed. This was a very special occasion and someone who is a part time chef recommended it.  Got there right after sunset on a week night. Completely dead. The whole dinner was rushed. The server, Amy, kept coming back to tell us this that and just talked way too much. We did not come to see her.  The entrees were super fast even before the wine?!  The restaurant itself was beautiful and the private booths would be a real treat but I doubt there will be a next time. The king crab was swimming in sauce and was $50 with not that much of a portion. The salmon was  undercooked.  We were comparing this to the ocean club...not for long as the ocean club always had great king crab and anything else on the menu.
3	My inlaws love hitting the slots so as a result of having spent way too much time here and having lots of extra credits, I got a free meal and I couldn't have been more excited. I had been wanting to come here for a long time. We arrived early and sat at the bar and ordered a couple of cocktails. I got a glass of wine and my husband got a beer. The wine list is pretty impressive and not horribly priced. The had live music playing in the lounge which was really good. I was very surpised at the quality of the music. If I were braver I would have gotten up and danced. Eventually we were lead back to back to the main dining room and I was floored by the view. Very nice! We were seated by the window facing west which I had read ahead of time was the place to be for the best view. The reviews were right, it was beautiful. If i were just here for drinks and the view I would definitely be giving this a five star review. Unfortunatelly the rest of the experience was less than impressive. When our waitress came over we asked her what she recommended for appetizers, of course she recommended the $80 oyester and clam plate. Her next recommendation were the two next most expensive items on the menu paired together. Really? I hate it when you can tell a server is trying to up their payout. Maybe she really did like those items, but she could have at lease sold them better. Her attitude was very cold and felt like she had much better places to be than waiting on us. We did get one of her recommendations, the anitpasto platter. It was good but i've had better. No one at my table seemed to like it besides me. Since it was a Spanish themed tapas platter, I think the ingredients were a little to exotic for the small town midwesterners I was eating with. We then ordered our dinner. I had the strip steak with the farro corn pesto salad. It was very good. Very well cooked and the flavors of the salad worked really well with each other. When I asked my dining companions if they enjoyed their meals, they all seemed to think their food was good, but i think when you see the caliber of the restaurant you just expect more. Something to wow you. We were never wowed. I've seen other people mention this and they're right, if you're eating a 3 course meal expect about a 3 hour dining experience. I'm not saying this is bad, it's actually nice to sit amd just enjoy the views all night. From what I saw there's only one bathroom for both men and women. For a fairly large restaurant, this is surprising.  having to wait for a restroom after spending so much on a meal seems ridiculous. While waiting for the women's to open I saw a man and women walk out of one together. Seeing that just summed up my entire dining experience. This restaurant definitely sucks you in for the views which are great, but they definitely stop trying there. They know they'll keep people comimg for the views so no need to impress them with service and food.
5	Tomato Bisque Soup with Bruschetta was awesome!! Great view and good live music. Also a great wine selection.
2	A group of 7 friends and I ate at orange sky for a birthday dinner last in January. I hate to say I was very disappointed by their food and the overall dining experience. We arrived early and enjoyed a few drinks in the cocktail lounge at sunset. This was the most enjoyable part of dinner. The drinks were reasonably prices and they had live music which created a nice ambience.After about an hour we were seated in the dining room at a large table in the main dining area. I immediately noticed how loud it was in the dining room. Our waiter had to repeat himself several times and we often had to translate what he was saying down the table. The waiter recommended one of the specials for the night (beef short ribs). It tasted like glorified pot roast and was very fatty. Very disappointing for being almost $50. The polenta it was over was decent, but had chunks that were not mixed in which ruined its texture. Since we had a large group we ordered several sides. The potato steak fries were practically inedible. They were humungous (one forth of a giant potato), burnt and tasted like grease. The other sides were okay, but nothing to rave about. We sampled 3 deserts. They were all okay and probably the highlight of the meal.Overall, not worth the price. There are way better restaurants in the valley for the price.
5	I had heard so much about this restaurant at the Talking Stick Resort in Scottsdale, that when I had the opportunity for a pre-Valentine dinner with my favorite gal, I wanted to impress her with a special night out! From the reservation process to leaving Orange Sky, the service and hospitality was impeccable. The views are breath-taking, the recommendations and preparation of the food was superb, the service was unobtrusive, friendly, professional, and prompt. Our server Amy was prompt, courteous, knowledgeable, and funny!  The entire staff at the resort made us feel welcome and special! Kudos to the valet parking, hostesses, and server support staff too. They seemed to do everything from the heart and with pleasure!! This was truly an unforgettable dining experience that I would recommend to anyone. Being a restaurant manager myself, I can say that I'm a little on the picky side, but this is what other restaurants in the valley should aspire to become....
5	We had our Valentines dinner at Orange Sky and it was unbelievable! We were given a private booth, facing the Scottsdale Valley, and it was absolutely beautiful.  Our server, Carissa, was so professional and well-versed on the menu and she made the experience so, very special.  We were blown away by the hospitality of everyone we passed- from the hostesses to the sommelier, the additional servers to the manager- each person stopped and took the time to make sure we were enjoying our evening and being taken care of.  The food was absolutely extraordinary!  The sea bass is a Must Try and the beef tenderloin was heaven.  I just can't say enough.  Well done, team... it couldn't have been any better.  I am "Wowed"!
1	I made a reservation online for my wife and I to eat at Orange Sky. I got on early in the morning and was pleased to see that they had a 7pm reservation for the 2 of us available, so I booked that time. The confirmation said one of their hostess will be sending me an email shortly to confirm my reservation. Some time passed and I had not received a confirmation back so I called them at noon and got their voicemail. I tried back at 2pm and finally left a message on my third call at 4pm. As we were getting ready to leave our house, about 620pm, someone finally called me back and told me that they don't have a reservation or a space for us. The frustrating part was they called us back so late that we were not able to get another reservation until 8:45. Be leery of their online reservation system and don't trust it until you get something back from them.
5	We had a  really nice dinner here last night. The restaurant as a whole is really nice, well kept, and has a nice ambiance. The bar at the entrance is clean, well stocked, has a good bartender, and prices are reasonable.The restaurant has a some really nice private dining options. For couples, there are small 2 person booths that look out over the city, in a private area. They  have their backs to a hallway, curtains separate the booths themselves, and the view is fantastic.For groups, their are options private dining rooms which look like they could seat 15+ people.The general dining area is broken into balcony and indoor seating, both are spacious, and have a view of the open kitchen, something I like.There is also a bar in the main dining area which looks over the kitchen, which is pretty cool.The service was very good, and even while our waitress was busy, others came by to ensure we were taken care of.We ordered their small seafood platter as an appetizer, which included King Crab, Muscles, Shrimp, and Oysters. All of it tasted fresh and was great. Their cocktail sauce is also fantastic. For  dinner, I had the 17oz sirloin, ordered medium-rare. We also shared sides of their smashed potatoes and cauliflower gratin.The steak was seasoned well, and cooked perfectly. The sides were also excellent. I  also was lucky enough to try the Scallops as one of my dinner mates had ordered them, they were velvety soft and delicious.I thought the pricing to be really fair, even cheap, compared to what I expected and what I got. It was a very good experience overall, and I will return.
1	Terrible, worst piece of meat ever, save your money. All this restaurant has to offer is a view.Pre drinks: Bartender was dense, unprofessional, and unapologetic when questioned. He was obviously unhappy with his career choice as a mixologist.  Dinner: We were seated 40 minutes after our reservation. Seated at a table that was set for three when our party was four. We waited awkwardly for our lackluster team of servers to dig up a chair and table setting.Three of us ordered ribeye. One steak was undercooked, one overcooked, and one was just right. I was lucky enough to be delivered the Goldilocks steak. Shame on you chef for your uninspired preparation of such a wonderful cut of meat, the cow herself should feel disrespected. In an effort to self-season with salt and pepper I found none on our table. With no waiter in site I helped myself to the salt and pepper from the empty uncleared table next to us. Potatoes and cauliflower were dry and had the appearance and texture of food fresh from a microwave. Our wine was wonderful. Our server managed to successfully opened it and poured it flawlessly. This was the high point of our meal and I'm proud of him. No dessert or coffee. Be prepared for mediocrity, both service and food. You're paying for the view.
4	AMAZING Views, Great Service, Good Food
5	Love getting away from the casino floor to the "O" Lounge. It's relaxed and classy. Last weekend I just sat at the bar and had the most delightful service from the bartender that was working there (Kyle I believe his name was-tall, thin, late thirties). I find most of the staff at Talking Stick to be pretty rude and not genuinely interested. So it was a breath of fresh air to know you have people like him working there. Attentive, friendly, and well knowledged about everything you serve-and it was super busy. I will definitely be back. Atmosphere, food, and drinks up there are amazing!
5	Knowledgeable waitstaff and gluten free food prep made this a fine dining experience. If you care about the origin and quality of what you consume this may become your favorite restaurant!Our group tried salmon, scallops, sea bass and center cut filet. We sampled each other's meal but liked our own and were all unwilling to share more than a bite. We liked the cauliflower gratin and kale (with a cayenne kick) sides too.For dessert we again shared a panna cotta and a chocolate treat; both were delicious. And then we enjoyed the orange, pink, red, blue, purple light play over Camelback and sunset beyond Mummy Mountain in Paradise Valley...
5	This review relates primarily to a group function.  The restaurant is terrific, but other reviews might be better guides for a typical night out.Recently, Our company asked for ideas to mark 20 years in business, on which the staff then voted.  The winning idea was a spring training game followed by dinner.  That led us to the Salt River Fields and the Talking Stick Resort.  I had dined at Orange Sky (the resort's fine dining option) several times so I ended up volunteering to help with the dinner arrangements.I contacted Orange Sky and was directed to Cameo Wall, a very professional and accommodative event coordinator.  She gave us options, like a private party room, fixed menus, etc.  All communications were clear and included full details including both per person costs and total costs.Our group numbered about 45 people so Cameo requested that we work with a restricted menu.  Not a problem for us as we opted for Scallops, Salmon, Chicken and Filet options.  We polled our group to make sure we had the bases covered and the feedback was positive.  In the end, it looked like almost everyone opted for the massive 12 oz. filet.  My point here is I would not sweat too much over the number of options - a fish and a beef option would have worked fine.The 5-star rating is not so much for the atmosphere, although the view is terrific.  It is also not in particular about the food - which also was top notch.  It is purely a comment on the ease of process created by Cameo, who handled all matters with great care and delivered exactly as promised.  After this experience I would feel comfortable giving Cameo our requirements and allowing her to craft the event from beginning to end.  Only one tip needed for anyone thinking about a dining event - the 12 oz. filet made quite the impression on our staff.  We wanted them to feel pampered and out of everything we did, from open bar to rooms for the night, the filet was the standout in post party conversations.  I only comment because the standard catered menu included twin 4 oz. tournedos of beef - spend a bit extra and you will get bang for the buck.
3	A restaraunt with a higher rating would have brought you an extra breadstick for free, when you spend $650.  for dinner and drinks. Lack of class and being cheap is why they get only 3 stars.If they want to get 5 stars they need to treat customers like the Bourbon Steakhose at the Princess! Priced about the same, but they treat you better and are not "chintzie".
5	We returned here for our 6 year anniversary in November and splurged on a private booth. I was pregnant at the time so we wanted to really enjoy ourselves knowing it'll be one of our last outings for awhile. I was set on getting the lobster entree again...I saved my one seafood a week meal for that night. Unfortunately we found out that they took it off the menu! But our waiter was awesome!! He made sure I got my lobster dinner. He spoke to the manager and they made a pregnant woman happy. It wasn't the same entree but it was a lobster dinner and that was good for me. I really do hope they bring the lobster entree back...it was the best I've ever had!
5	Great place for a romantic dinner once you get away from the smoke filled casino floor.  Steaks were a great size and you can't beat the views if you can get table windows. Even the golf course view is nice. Call way ahead to get a good table or on a weekend or special night.
2	I recently went to Orange Sky for the first time for my birthday. I had talked to friends about where we should go for a nice dinner, and after talking about Flemings, Maestro's City Hall, and Ruth's Chris, we decided to try something a little more original.So we show up about a half hour before our reservation for cocktails, and the bar is absolutely beautiful. Not only is the bar modern and gorgeous, but the bartender is well dressed and attentive. We had a few Vesper martini's and Maker's Manhattan's that were great cocktails to say the least, but the balcony and windows allow you to look over the valley from the 15th floor of the Talking Stick Resort.After my friends had arrived, we decided to head into the dining room. Just like the bar, the dining room was modern and relaxed. We got seated and our server came over. He told us that he'd be taking care of us and asked who was having a birthday. My friends mentioned that it was my birthday and he wished me a happy birthday.He noted that we brought our drinks from the bar, to which one of my friends replied "yes, but the ladies of our group need something", he responded "On that note, I'll be right back".That was the first sour taste in our mouths. We then asked about the oysters, our server was only able to tell us the name of the oysters, and knew nothing about them. When we asked what kind of flavor the had, he only responded "medium" and then told us they were very "fresh".While we ate our appetizers, we asked for another round of Vespers. We enjoyed the oysters, lobster risotto, and a couple of small salads. About 15 minutes into our appetizers, our server returned to ask us what was in a Vesper Martini because he wasn't sure how to ring it in. We told him that he could probably ask the bartender, because frankly we weren't sure how to respond.Dinner came out, and the majority of us had steaks, one of my friends had the seabass and another with the porkchop. I also had a couple of friends order a side of bacon wrapped scallop and prawn. While most of the food was excellent, I asked for my steak as rare as possible. When I ask for a steak prepared as rare as possible, I want it to be a little cool in the middle. So either, the steak was prepared improperly, or more likely it sat in the window too long and warmed up.We finished our dinner, and our server got the plates out of the way. He brought me a birthday dessert that looked tasted fantastic. He asked us if there was anything else we needed, we told him no and he left us the bill. After about 20 minutes of waiting for him to return so we could pay, we had to go look for him.Another server came back with out bills and set them in front of the men of the table. A few of them were supposed to go to the ladies and the waitress said "I'm sorry, I assumed that the men were paying" in what I considered to be a rather rude tone.All in all, the food was pretty good but the service was so bad that the experience was mostly ruined. With better service, the restaurant could be greatly improved.
4	I had a large (25 person) dinner here recently and it was wonderful.  Food was excellent, service was beyond great, views were nice (including having shades drawn during daylight that were raised as soon as the sun dipped behind the mountains) and overall great atmosphere.  They even accommodated our quirky requests for bar drinks, letting us take over the reception area and patio, etc.  The only thing that could have possibly been improved was the price (it was a bit high but not unexpectedly so) and some wine recommendations (they have a great wine list, but no sommelier).  There are some adorable tables on the side of the restaurant surrounded by sheer curtains so you can have a view and privacy, I can't wait to go back and eat at one of those tables.  I highly recommend this place for a big group, they made everything easy and memorable. Given the views and the good food, this is also a great place for a fancy date night.
5	Had my anniversary dinner here on a Thursday evening at 6:30pm, just in time to watch the sun set from a private dining booth, shades drawn at the precise moment the sun sets. Amazing from food to staff to setup...well done.
2	Wow, this is a hard one. I have been here several times for work functions and this last time for a nice Date Night with my husband. Hands down one of the most AMAZING views in town. They have these really cool high top private booths that face the sunset, and since my hubby is always planning the date nights, thought I would plan one for him.First, I tried for 2 weeks to get a reservation at sunset. It was either 5pm with the seniors, 8pm or 9:45.  8pm it is which barely makes the sunset. Well, we were seated 20 minutes LATE (even though we were there 30 min early), but at least got to see the beautiful view of Camelback Mountain and watch the sunset from the balcony. Balcony is small and no handles on the doors so you get locked out once you shut the doors, so you have to knock to have someone let you back in!Finally seated in our beautiful private booth. (BTW, it is $125 minimum on the weekend) We order some wine. We have to ask for bread, not automatically just brought. Bread was not that great, but before wine, I make sure to eat it!We ordered a dozen oysters, which we love. They only had 1 kind, and they were just OKAY....plus they only brought 1 TINY TINY lemon for the oysters for 12 oysters!! What?!?!  I despise horseradish and hubby loves it, was not very happy that they server the cocktail sauce and horseradish together in the same bowl, so i have not choice by the end to eat some or ask for my own.We ordered a bottle of Red Zinfandel. I strongly feel any restaurant that is $75-$90pp should automatically decant the wine, which they did not.At least the red wine was slightly chilled. (YES, i have become a wine snob after having lots of great wines, there is a HUGE difference when it is slightly chilled and decanted)Dinner, I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass ($32) and hubby had the New York Strip ($I think $30 something) along with a side that was a mix of quinoa, corn, green beans and much to my distaste-goat cheese. I HATE goat cheese and can always tell when it is in something. I asked the waiter if I had missed it in the description on the menu and he said no, for some reason they don't list it there and he has had quite a few complaints about it. Sea Bass-needed salt badly. No salt and pepper were on the table, so I had to ask for it. I was pleasantly surprised the server came back w/ 3 kinds of sea salt-regular, bamboo and an alderwood type. The bamboo was my favorite and found my fish tasty after seasoning it. Steak:Hubby said it was cooked fine but wasn't wowed by it. Server was nice, but not what I would call fine dining material. He greeted us promptly and started to tell us the specials and then said he was getting old and forgot what they were. Another odd thing, this restaurant is pretty large, and the bathroom in the restaurant is a 1 person bathroom. Very strange! There is another one in the lounge down the hall that is bigger.Fun factor though there is great. in the lounge we ran into 3 different groups of people that we knew and had a great time. Then we went downstairs and just played some slots since Craps is my only real love and I don't do the video craps they have, I like the real deal.SO, overall, great to experience it, sunset and view is AMAZING, place is hopping with all kinds of people, dining experience is subpar. I hands down would spend the money and Mastro's City Hall and just go to Orange Sky to meet up with friends for drinks when we can break away from the kiddos.
2	I will give 2 stars only because I really liked the location, the restaurant itself is nice, modern, spacious & has a nice view.. However, I think the prices are too high for the quality & taste of the food. I had to 'try' to like everything.. Starters= mediocre Salad= bad (Steak) Entree= horrible !! Dessert= boring menu, so we ordered 3 different things hoping to like One, also very mediocre :/ The kitchen really needs to step it up!
4	Service was 6 stars out of 5!Maggie was an awesome server, really friendly and met all of my annoying requests haha. Also, the busser was super attentive and my water was always full...much appreciated. I brought my girlfriend with me Thursday night for a date and we both left very happy. The dessert (Strawberry Hisbiscus) was very good, the brussel sprouts salad was good (ill probably get a different dressing though next time...but bacon ving. was still fine.)She got the skirt steak, cooked perfectly as ordered and tasted fantastic. My king crab was too much to finish. The presentation was awesome, deshelled and neatly arranged on plate. It wasn't the best King Crab I ever had, but I definitely found it tasty. I'll definitely be back eventually. Overall, atmosphere and the service I got were perfect A+ grade and the food I'll rate a B+.
5	We really enjoyed our dining experience last night with the sunset & beautful views. We usually come here for special occasions.  The Alaskan king crab legs are a specialty and also the lamb special. The waiter was very professional very nice. We will be back again. I recommend this restaurant for a fine dining experience.
5	Best dinner experience I have EVER had. Not exaggerating. There was 10 of us and everything we ordered was unbelievably good. Our waitress, I wish I remembered her name, was awesome and views were unmatched.
3	Romantic views- dining & service has room for improvement!We stayed at the talking stick and went to this restaurant on a Sunday night. There is a private elevator and cocktail lounge right outside the hostess area.  As we are being seated our host asks if we would like a private room.  We said that sounded nice as we had never dined alone like that.We had a spacious booth with a view to the west- not the most amazing ever but not too shabby.We started with a bottle of red wine and the chefs cheese selection which was lovely.  Our server was a young confident guy who uncorked our wine perfectly.  He did explain the items in the chefs selection.For mains the dish I wanted was sold out (sea bass) so I opted for the roasted chicken.  I wasn't starving and wanted something lighter than steak. This dish did not disappoint or thrill me.  My hunny had the demonico steak medium which was cooked nicely & seasoned.  He choose the horseradish sauce which wouldn't be my top choice but I could at least enjoy the 1 bite I tried.*Overall our service was extremely extremely slow*the music was a top 40 mix including Ke$ha and boy bands... I did comment to our main server about it.  It did not set an elegant tone and felt as if we were in there too late so the servers pick the music.  I don't classical music necessarily just something made for grown adults.  This is supposedly this elegant spot but it didn't feel like it. Our server did invite us to enjoy the patio which was nice & we really would have rather sat out in the gorgeous spacious open patio.  Next time we will be sure to sit out in the open so they can see when we need service.
3	We went at 1045pm and miss the set view that is all the rave. So no Orange Sky for us. Just a view of dessert lights. The service as expected. The coward was underwhelming. It's a huge restaurant so even though there was probably a number of people there, it seem empty. The decor was modern and yet classy. I love large windows. The food was ok. The ice shellfish platter was fresh and delightful. But our main courses not so good. The Steak was so and so. The Halibut was plain. The side not so great. Bottom line. To expensive for the food.
5	Grew up going to restaurants where you had the 4 forks. Lol. Our experience, view, service was great! Mike was our waiter and he was more than knowledgeable about the menu.My wife had the salmon with a side of crushed potatoes and artichokes and I went for the gusto of Australian lamb chops and grilled kale.Nothing short of amazing! More than appeased my appetite! The drinks were strong and we waited for the sunset. Just a beautiful atmosphere and everyone was very friendly. As I said before I grew up a lawyers son and forgot so many "fine dining" mannerisms. Lol it was a great reminder of the excellent life I grew up living and also reminded me that it's ok to do some nice things for yourself and family as well during your life.I recommend this place to the ones seeking to get away for the day.
3	Delicious dinner...very slow service!
5	This was definitely the fanciest restaurant I have ever been to and probably will ever go to. Sunset was breathtaking. They have a large outdoor patio with fireplaces and an Infiniti pool which I'm sure would be amazing in winter. Service was top notch. The food was great albeit a bit small but delicious, wish my $48 steak came with a side but I digress. All in all a wonderful experience and a great way to celebrate a new beginning in scottsdale. Our bill for three was $240 plus $80 on wine. So it's definitely spendy but worth it.
4	We went on a whim when we were gambling and were not disappointed.One complaint I have is that the host at bottom and top of elevator could have probably seated us sooner. Had to wait for twenty or thirty mins an when we got to dining room it wasn't even packed.But once we were seated it was amazing. Food is pricey but totally worth it. All the sides were good and my veal was cooked perfectly.Service was great Dining room seemed a lil stuffy but our server Amy, picked up on our vibe and we had a lot of fun.
4	Service was amazing.
5	Beautiful atmosphere..wonderful service...its an experience.. we had to wait 30 minutes later than our reservation and the dinner took 2 hours..but the dinner was delicious and its a beautiful place. We walked out to the balcony and it's quite a view.Our server was very polite and sweet. I liked the big table and the service. Our fondue and bread was delicious. I enjoyed the overall experience.
5	So... we eat all over Phoenix, and this is the new favorite.  Everything was essentially perfect.  Arrived on time. Seated immediately.  View is amazing (really, figure out when the sunset is and make your reservation accordingly). Service was spot on (knew the menu but didn't push things). Food was amazing from the starters to the steaks,  scallops,  and shrimp. Dessert was very original. Had drinks at the bar on the top floor with good live music (why is this hard to find in Phoenix without it being head banging music?) All in all a wonderful experience.
5	I had heard about Orange Sky from a co-worker and had wanted to go there ever since. My husband's 60th birthday was our occasion to try it, and we both loved it! We sat in the main dining area and the views at sunset were spectacular. The food was creative, nicely presented and everything we ordered was DELISCIOUS!  Our server was Maggie, and she did a wonderful job and helped make our dining experience special. We each ordered a couple of cocktails, had one appetizer, then each ordered a main dish and we split two large side dishes and our bill was just over $200 including the tip. We don't typically spend that much when we dine out, but this was such a nice evening for us that we will definitely go back. We're even thinking it would be fun to get some friends together and go for drinks and appetizers and just enjoy the view! Go check it out!
2	I'm usually not one to complain when a great meal is paid for by someone else, in this case my generous brother in law Rick Randall. Tuesday September 30th was his birthday and we were all in a great mood looking forward to some excellent food!I will also state right up front, the food was pretty great, but read on to see why I give it 2 stars...The view from the top of the casino is really awesome, and upon first entering the restaurant you are taken aback by the shear size and fantastic aesthetics this place offers. Based on the ambiance, this was going to be good!The wine list is incredible, and includes some very unique "off the beaten path" greats such as Rob and Sarah Hammelman's SAND RECKONER Malvasia Bianca, 2010, which made the San Francisco Chronicle's Top 100 Wines in the USA a couple years back. The reason that's remarkable is because it's an Arizona Wine, which have traditionally gotten very little "love" in local high class eateries.Upon arrival about 10 minutes early for our reservation at 7pm, we waited nearly 15 minutes to be seated at our table. Once sitting, we were brought water, and waited another 10 minutes before our waiter showed up. Unfortunately, the (delayed) first impression was further tainted by his breath, which was scorching. I couldn't help but wonder how a person who's job it is to serve food and drink could allow their breath to be that repulsive without noticing. I didn't get our waiter's name, but he was a middle-aged hispanic man and my first discussion with him was focused on the fact that I (unfortunately) have Celiac Disease. Not "gluten-intollerance", but the real clinically diagnosed version of the disease.He ASSURED us up and down that any of the fresh meats, cheeses, vegetables, etc. were gluten-free, and that he would "personally talk to the Executive Chef" to make sure my food was properly prepared and didn't contain any gluten ingredients.Long story short, they brought out the Fondue Platter, which I very much enjoyed dipping my veggies into. At one point, as they were clearing the various appetizers I asked him to leave the fondue cheese because I wanted to use it as a garnish for my rib-eye (which was perfectly cooked and delicious, by the way). The waiter, knowing I was Gluten-Free exclaimed cheerfully "WHY NOT? LOL".About 10 minutes after eating that cheese (along with some fresh seafood, which was also very good) I started to feel nauseous. Our waiter had walked over and asked me how everything was, and I said "fine other than the fact that I feel like I'm going to toss my cookies". He just blankly turned and walked away in spite of the fact I actually said this with a smile on my face.Within 15 minutes of eating a few bites of the steak with the delicious fondue cheese on it, I started to feel violently ill and had to excuse myself from the table.I walked over to the single toilet by the kitchen, locked the door, and once inside proceeded to expel my guts for what seemed like an eternity. It was really unpleasant and embarrassing due to the stench and sound I was generating, to say nothing of how I felt physically (for two days).Long story short, that cheese in the fondue had Grolsch Beer in it. A gluten-rich source of explosive vomit and diarrhea for me.Our waiter was utterly incompetent and it cost me dearly.I think the food here is delicious and deserves to be served by people who know what they are doing, and take verbally communicated food allergies VERY seriously.I would give the food 4 stars (not 5 only because the appetizers are jokingly small for how much they cost) and an overall 2 stars for the explosive experience and incompetence of the waiter.
5	Don't be fooled by the fact that it's a casino restaurant. It was amazing!!  Could be romantic, though I was with a work group. The manager was completely accommodating, as was the wait staff. Everything was worth the price. I had the Caesar salad, a NY strip, and a side of crab. The steak was fantastic. The crab, however, was spectacular. They crack it all for you and bring you only the meat.  I would definitely eat here again.
4	We enjoyed our time at the Orange Sky on Thursday 10/16/14.  The staff starting with the young woman at the elevator to the person who cleared our plates were very friendly and professional.  The view was beautiful.  I noticed that some of the arm chairs were a little overly worn out.  I think they should get some love and attention.  Our server was Teresa and she was great.  I thought the salmon could have been grilled slightly longer but I am not a connoisseur nor a chef but the presentation was lovely.  My side was a little disappointing because there was a flavor in the red potato dish that overwhelmed.  I am picky but my friend whose birthday it was completely enjoyed the generous serving of perfectly cooked calamari, the shrimp dish and his side of gnocchi.  They brought him a delightful and beautifully presented chocolate mousse crunch for his birthday.  I want the dessert chef's writing ability in chocolate!  It was wonderful experience and I would venture there again during the week.
5	It was my mother's 91st birthday and my family had a wonderful meal and wonderful service from Julio !!
2	First of all the place is just beautiful, views are amazing. I recommend having a drink on the balcony and going else where for dinner. First of all the service is slowwwwwwww. Once the beautifully looking food arrived we starting eating. Three of us ordered steak, one ordered med, came out med rare, two ordered med rare, both came out med to med well. Halibut also came out over cooked. I would have loved to share this with the waitress, but after the food was dropped off she never came once to check on us. Will definitely not be back.
4	Birthday party of Nine! The place is a enormous with nicely decorated of modernization. The view of sunset is particularly spectacular. Conceptually, if everyone (table) has this view, then it would a much more desirable. Services was a little off (too many people with badges around but seem like they have different 'functions' other then what we needed for patio service), while we waited for our table (a nearly 2 hours wait), hanging out at the open patio - the ambience is my favorite part. Food is mediocre, as steaks were over-cooked (say 4 dishes out of 4...or perhaps, I shouldn't be making comparison to Donavan's). Wine list is massive! Prices started at premiums $50 a drinkable bottle...Hope you cashed in your chips richly from downstairs.
4	I took my wife to Orange Sky for our anniversary. It was a great dinner, and our service was excellent. We arrived at the time of our reservation and were taken immediately to our table.  Our server, Amy, was very attentive. She offered suggestions on the menu and explained some of the items she thought needed more description than the menu offered.We tried the fried calamari appetizer.  For our entrees my wife ordered scallops and I ordered a steak, which we both shared.  All the items we ordered were perfect.The only thing that prevented this from being a five star review was the fact that a place like this had no draft beers - only bottled.
5	Enjoyed a spectacular one year anniversary celebration with my boyfriend here. Our server Samantha was amazing and so knowledgeable about the menu and gave us some tips on visiting Sedona since we were on vacation from WI. amazing views and we took tons of pictures without any of the staff being rude or weird about it. Food and service was great. I got king crab which was shelled and perfectly buttered. My boyfriend had a steak and it was quite tender and flavorful. The drinks were great and we skipped dessert but they gave us a complimentary chocolate mousse cake slice for our anniversary! How sweet. I would return if I am ever back in Scottsdale and not on a budget (lol, well worth the bill though!)
5	Just happen to be going for a show and decided to reserve table at Orange Sky.  I had been there several times before to sit in one of the private booths overlooking the city which I highly recommend especially for special occasions.  This time however ate out in main area...Christopher was our waiter and he did a great job serving us.  I usually have fish, but Christopher recommended the fillet and boy was I glad he did!!!  It was way better than the steak I had only a few weekends ago at Dominick's Steak house and about half the price.  This steak melt in your mouth...I am a local Realtor in town and clients always ask me where to go...now I will replace Dominick's with Orange Sky.  Two thumbs up for Christopher as well, we will request  you in near future as I am already thinking about how good it was!!!
4	Took my hubby for his 46th birthday.  Staff was great & food was good.  Views were amazing!
4	Great food, service and views. Hard to go wrong here.
5	Wonderful culinary experience from beginning to end. Breathtaking views,great food, wine and service. Teresa was our waitress and she was so accommodating and offered great history of area and food suggestions. We had an array from scallops and buffalo steak to innovative sides they were out of this world. We took our wine out onto the patio after ordering to capture the whole experience. Great pictures of the mountains lit up and the moonlight shining down on the beautiful candlelit fountain pool. What an exceptional experience! Can't wait to return.
5	I'll make this short and sweet.I went to Orange sky for my anniversary after reading all the great reviews. The staff was friendly and very inviting, the views were quite spectacular. I would recommend if you are going for a special occasion to ask for a private table. The food was spot on the waitress was very attentive and kept a smile on our faces all night. Special kudos to AMY for being a fantastic waitress.
1	I'm not impressed! We had high hopes for this place. We had stopped at topgolf and decided a nice dessert and drinks would be perfect to close out the night. We had arrived at Orange Sky and asked the hostess where the best seating is for a view. She suggested the dining room instead of the lounge. We had explained that we wanted just desserts and drinks. She led us to the dinning area. We told her once more that we didn't want a full course meal and she walked us back to the lounge area. Really annoying!! Why won't you accommodate your patrons that wants to enjoy dessert with a nice view?? We decided to still sit at the lounge. Our waitress grabbed is the wrong menu. And took awhile to come back to check on us for our orders. By that time we were so turned off that we left.
5	I had heard about Orange Sky from a co-worker and had wanted to go there ever since. My husband's 60th birthday was our occasion to try it, and we both loved it! We sat in the main dining area and the views at sunset were spectacular. The food was creative, nicely presented and everything we ordered was DELICIOUS!  Our server was Maggie, and she did a wonderful job and helped make our dining experience special. We each ordered a couple of cocktails, had one appetizer, then each ordered a main dish and we split two large side dishes and our bill was just over $200 including the tip. We don't typically spend that much when we dine out, but this was such a nice evening for us that we will definitely go back. We're even thinking it would be fun to get some friends together and go for drinks and appetizers and just enjoy the view! Go check it out!
4	This can be a great and fun place if you get a good server. High enegy in the place. Friendly. Decent music. Large menue with interesting choices.Great wine cellar and they will sometime negotiate the price of the bottle of wi ne.
5	First thought that comes up when I think of my recent visit to orange sky "perfect". I was taken here on a date and I was already having a great night. When we arrived we were 25 minutes early for our reservation and the staff was more then welcoming they got us in right away. The atmosphere is upscale but warm not to stiff, I enjoyed the food as well. I had a shredded asparagus salad and my date had a new york strip and all was amazing.. the view from the restaurant is beautiful . If I could make any suggestions it would only be to add more variety to the salads on the menu I only seen two salad options. Im not a meat or seafood hater but I do enjoy a fresh salad. I will definitely come back and recommend to others
2	Good food but misses the mark overall. Bathrooms are horrible, 2 single stall unisex ones that have long lines even at slow times. Service is slow. Seating for many people is awful , where we were lined up  in a picnic table like row of tables with half of the seats facing the butts of people at the bar.  Food is good but expensive . Rib Eye is $40, scallops are $9 ea.   One time was enough for me.
4	This place is quite a catch. I would never have guessed such a high end restaurant would be at a casino. From the live music ambiance to the glassware for drinks, it is quite exquisite. I will definitely be coming back. We came in Christmas Eve and were delighted by the welcoming lights that decorated each floor of the casino, and the restaurant itself. After a few cocktails in the lounge area, we were escorted to our table. The experience was communicative and fluid from start to finish.
4	Very good choice for dinner...I enjoyed the New York steak and the suggested side dishes of the Brentwood corn (with the egg)  and the kale. I enjoyed the unique side dishes so much that I forgot about the steak in front of me. If you order a steak entree, ask for the sampler of different flavored sea salts.   I usually have leftovers from a steak dinner at a restaurant. There were no leftovers and that was not because of lack of serving size. The food was flavorful. I enjoyed the kale with shiitake mushrooms. The steak was served with a small Japanese pepper on the side. It was a fun and creative menu.I would give the restaurant 5 stars if the bathroom didn't have such a tiny little trash can for such a large place that size ( the trash can was the size of my powder room trash can). There were disposable towels spilled all over the floor. Also, I felt like I was sitting way too close to the neighboring table. I could here everything the people seated next to me were saying and the couple was not speaking loudly at all. I found it interesting that the restaurant's bathrooms had sharps needle disposal containers in the restrooms. I have never seen that in a restaurant before.It was a great dining experience overall.
3	Great view and atmosphere. Food is average at best. Not steakhouse quality steaks and cooking and serving temperature needs to be hotter. Limited menu.
4	How about we gamble and then go upstairs for dinner? Haha. :))Orange sky is a very warm, classy, and a romantic restaurant to have a date night. We dressed up of course and we looked amazing! :)I had made a reservation for two next to the window at private booth. I was a disappointed when he sat down in the middle of the restaurant not next to the window and was not private...Being a vegetarian is a pain, but if course the chef whipped up something... and it was amazing, quinoa, fresh vegetables and the asparagus so tasty and crispy. :) the gnocchi... so chewy and had a weird after taste..Mister order the steak, he said it was "ehhhh" He said the steak can be more juicy..Love the patio view. So romantic looking over the city :)
3	I feel as if this restaurant is losing ground. We don't go often and six months after our last visit we could see a difference. On the positive side, our service was great. The waiter was experienced and knowledgeable. He gave some good advice. The assistant waiter was attentive. The wine list was the same with decent value among overpriced selections. The vodka martinis are great. The ribeye steaks were excellent: not best in the valley but good quality for price. The desserts were decent quality though a little high priced. The sides sounded better than they were in real life. We had five at our table of four and none tasted good. The salads were a disaster: ingredients tired and dressing not right. This was our fourth visit but the first time we felt we had a poor, overpriced meal. I know they can do better so can't understand what happened.
3	Outstanding environs with an incredible view and a talented live musician in the evenings. Excellent service from attentive and knowledgeable staff, with several delectable food options that were pleasing to the palate. Surprisingly, only one beer choice that wasn't just another tasteless nationwide-brand lager. While the food was legitimately delicious, my experience never recovered from seeing fois gras on the menu, because I know the cruelty geese must experience to produce this. If patrons saw how their choice of fois gras caused a goose to have a large steel pipe constantly forced deep down their throats, I doubt they would enjoy the rest of their dining experience either.
