5	My 7 year old Daughter (2nd Grade) use to attend San Tan Elementary, but after every night of her coming home crying because of the lack of discipline in the school I pulled her out, and took the available spot Edu-prize had called me about.Edu-prize has changed my daughters life, and she is reading better then ever, getting hundreds on her spelling tests, and is even doing really well in Math and LOVES going to school.She has had such an easy time making friends in Edu-prize, and her teacher Mrs. Gant is AMAZING and I would ask for her if you have a kid going into the second grade.  So far all the teachers my daughter has dealt with at Edu-prize have been amazing and you are one of the lucky ones if you are able to get your kids into this school!
5	I had several mothers tell me about Eduprize and how great it was. I was a little nervous when I was told there is a waiting list and you have to agree to put time in the classroom. Now that I am in the classroom volunteering, I realize why it is so great. I can see first hand why my daughter struggles in some areas and does great in others. I can see how the others are struggling too and I can be apart of helping them, even if it is just for a day. This school's requirement to have parents volunteer is something ALL SCHOOLS SHOULD DO!
1	I'm disappointed to say that our experience with Eduprize this year was not positive and ended as expected but not as hoped. Not only was the best interest of my son not the primary concern, internal emails (that can be requested legally by any parent) proved a pattern of looking for reasons for Jordan to be treated unfairly. As a child with absolutely no behavior issues, I'm very confused as to the reason. Last Monday early in my son's school day he walked with his class in line to the bathroom. The teacher had 5 boys go into the bathroom at a time. When my son's group came out his teacher yelled for those 5 boys to line up against the wall. A 2nd grade student pointed to my son when asked by the teacher who had said a bad word. The teacher did not ask my son anything but my son did say, Ms. Braathen I didn't say a bad word. She then yelled at him asking "why would he lie", then yelled"get to the back of the line". He asked if he was in trouble and she said yes but nothing was done for hours. He sat in class very fearful of what to expect for hours. Finally the Dean of students came to get him and he was an emotional mess, crying and scared. The Dean asked who else would have heard what he said in the bathroom so that he could investigate. After speaking to at least one of the students the Dean found that my son had not said a bad word or done anything wrong because his recounting of the conversation was confirmed word for word. After his visit to the dean's office he was sent back to class where there was no apology in front of the students who he had been accused and yelled at in front of. There had been no announcement that what he was accused of was false. Instead he was told to eat his snack that was missed and where the class was.This situation and treatment was not the first instance of unfair or mean treatment this year by this teacher. In light of the whole picture I requested a move in classrooms for my son's wellbeing, education and safety. That request was initially denied and when I did not allow for his return to his classroom I was told that a meeting with the superintendent was the only way to possibly get a change in teachers. So we scheduled for her first available meeting which was today, after my son being home for almost 2 weeks. At the meeting today it was expressed that my son should be able to learn conflict resolution through this experience and should go back to his previous class which we had already stated was not an option for us. I believe that children should learn conflict resolution with other students and teaching styles but it is not a 9 year Olds responsibility or place to figure out how to get along with a teacher who does not like him, does not protect him and singles him out in a line up before calling him a liar by asking why another student would lie. Obviously our response is to then remove him from eduprize and place him in a safe, supportive and educational environment.After reading multiple emails I became well aware of the set up my 9 year old son was put in. Previous teachers did not like that he had supportive family who looked out for his best interest. These teachers continued communication with his teacher as soon as he was placed in her class. The teacher thanked the Dean for having her back and emailed multiple lies that can be proved in order for my son to be viewed negatively. I'm so thankful that I learned this information and that my son is no longer in this environment and I just wanted to share our story so that mom's have the information that they may need. Since taking to other moms at eduprize now or previously I've also learned some very sad and disappointing things. I hope no one else has to go through this but hope that if you're questioning things you feel empowered to learn everything you can and advocate for your kids.
