5	AMAZING.  I am here visiting Arizona for two months.  When I leave I will miss my family, but it is possible that I may miss this gym more.  First of all, the facility is beautiful.  It gives the feeling of a day spa and your favorite comfy coffee shop.  Its super clean.  There are tons of machines and I have never had to wait for one to open up.  The child care is great.  As soon as we arrive my daughter runs straight to the play area.  The childcare workers are really nice.  There is a cafe that serves fresh fruit, smoothies, and other healthy stuff.  They have a salon connected to the gym.  I think it is privately owned but it is in the same building.  While I was waitling to have my haircut I thought I would go out to the cafe and get a cup of coffee.  I went up to the counter and asked how much it was and he laughed at me and said the coffee is always free.  Really?  How do they get people to leave when they close at the end of the night?  This place is awesome.  Anyway, I had my haircut and colored and it was perfect.
5	This gym may be the best thing in Surprise. It's immaculate: the towels are very white, the floors are shiny, and i have yet to find a speck of dust anywhere! This gym is probably the best gym that I have ever been to. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The locker rooms are very nicely decorated and clean. There are always lockers available, and they even provide hand held hair dryers. No more bending under those annoying hand dryers! There is a plethora of cardio machines: treadmills, ellipticals, bikes, the super-uphill treadmills, machines that I have never even seen! There is never a wait at anyone of them! AND each of them have individual TVs! The weight machines are also plentiful. They are set up in a line so that you can work a full body circuit through each row. There are at least 3 machines for each muscle group, so if one is taken, you can try a different one. There are plenty of free weights too, if that's your fancy. The classes are also pretty good, although i have not tried them all. just check out the class schedule on the website. they have so many different classes: yoga, pilates, spin, step, kickboxing, zumba, muscle classes! i was a little overwhelmed. I do love the spin classes though. There are so many different teachers available at various times of the day, so if you don't like one, you can try another. There is also a large projection screen in the spin room where you can watch videos while "riding."This is a very luxourious gym. They have many many amenities not found in other gyms. There is a cafe, massage therapist, physical therapist, chiropractor, day care, hair salon, A LOT of personal trainers. They even have a movie theater where you can just sit and watch a movie! For all you moms, the day care, i hear is awesome (i have no kids, so this is not from personal experience). There are even TV's throughout the gym that show what the kids are doing in the daycare, so you can see that the kids are well taken care of. If you have an older kid, there is also a rock climbign wall that they can scale. The gym is also very well-priced for what you get.  And, no, I do not work here or own stock in Mountainside Fitness. I am just a girl who loves to train at a good gym :)
5	I've been going to this gym for a couple of years now and once I got over my initial prejudices, I've learned to really like it. The locker rooms are immaculate and there is a plenty of equipment. They offer childcare, classes and have a smoothie bar. Believe it or not, these are the reasons that made me think to myself "sonofabitch!" when I first stepped into the place. In past experiences, this type of gym caters mostly to people who are more about "being at the gym" than actually getting a workout in. You know, the place that doesn't allow deadlifts and has overbearing "personal trainers" that are always trying to sell you something. The the place that has the guy using the squat rack to get in his 15th set of curls for the day. The place with the lady wearing sunglasses, reading a book and drinking iced tea while walking a .5 mile per hour pace on the treadmill in heels.I can gladly say that Mountainside Fitness is NOT one of those gyms. MF manages to cater to the mom on the go as well as the avid free-weight lifter. I've overheard the trainers with their clients in the morning and they genuinely seem to enjoy what they are doing and know what they are talking about. The equipment is top notch and there is plenty of it. I've even taken a class or two with my wife and have enjoyed them.Who would have thought that you can have a nice, clean, gym that has several spa features, yet still attracts a staff and clientelle who actually care about "fitness".
4	Great gym. Just wish this location had tanning like the Peoria location.
2	Seems like this place is getting worse. Instead of adding a tanning booth they should have upgraded and fixed some of the equipment. The rates are pretty high for what you get compared to other gyms. Parking here is also a real pain so you might get a workout just from having to walk from a mile away. The inside is kept really clean though so I give props to the cleaning crew who I always see working hard.
4	I could work out anywhere, it doesn't really matter to me. I do the stair climbers, use the bikes, run sometimes, and use the weight machines. I come here in particular because the women in the daycare are so amazing to my daughters! Erica was among the few people I would even leave my babies with at all. She is the sweetest, as are all the girls there, and my daughters love going!
4	Best gym in Surprise.... Thats it.  It is pretty: fufu gym, but if your not a hardcore meathead then it has everything your looking for. No it does not have 150 pound dumbells and 100 pound plates for the leg machines, but it is geared toward the general public not bodybuilders.I like the daycare, clean environment, nice amount of equipment, cardio etc. and plenty of classes for everyone.  Personal trainers are helpful also.  When I was lacking motivation I did ask the trainer: Brian to get me going again with some sessions.  If you need some motivation and someone that knows diet and what to do to get to your goals ask for Brian.Overall like I said before best gym in Surprise.  Also they have specials on membership at Costco sometimes.  I think it was $99 for 3 months at Costco, thats how I signed up. It was in the gift card section.
1	Not a fan of this place. The front desk staff is usually pretty nice but that's about it. They charge a lot for nothing. They also try to nickel and dime by making you pay for some of the classes. The free weights here are cheap and don't have the rubber coating to keep them from making loud ding noises when I'm lifting heavy. In addition there's not enough good equipment in the workout area to keep my workouts fresh. The treadmills shake when I'm running fast and are always breaking. There's not enough parking either and the spots are narrow and crammed, which means you're likely to get dinged and dented. Can't wait til my contract is up so I can go back to a real Gym!
4	Been a member here for 3+ years now, and I like the place a lot! If cardio is your thing, a machine is always available. If you work out during peak times it can get a little crowded, but what place doesn't? Lots of free classes for members, smoothie bar, locker rooms are always clean (complimentary mouth wash and lotion), and the staff is always nice. The only thing that kills me about this gym is the parking. The lot is super small for the size of the gym and you have to "win the lottery" in order to get a decent spot. Suggestion: Staff need to park in the outskirts of the lot, so your paying customers have full availability to prime spots. Prices are a little high, but I ma totally fine with paying a little more for a gym that people go to in order to actually workout!Child care is also a plus. My son loves this place and often doesnt want to leave.
4	As big a fan as I am for this gym, it does have it's faults.  It seems like lately all the machines that I like to use are always in need of repairs.  It's really annoying to have to wait for the machine to be repaired because it seems to take quite some time.  They also turn the AC and fans up way too high during the summer.  I get that no one wants it to be stuffy, but we should still be able to work up some sort of sweat.Aside from those things, I love this place!  I hate to workout, so it's a requirement that the environment be pleasant and contemporary looking.  They have a decent amount of treadmills and other cardio machines.  If you like to take classes, this is a great gym for you.  Spin class is my favorite!
5	My Home away from home :)I love this gym. been a member for over a year now. Its so clean & the staff are wonderful. If you are really into working out and take it seriously then this is the perfecttttt gym for you. Its worth every penny. it has everything you could possibly want in a gym and more!! :) i have NOTHING negative to say!
5	Great location for surprise. Has a great selection of classes, equipment, and training routines for the membership. If you want free reign and no waits, definitely work out during the early morning hours...5 to 7 pm is prime time and there are lots of people. Overall a great gym experience!
1	So Mountainside Fitness is probably suffering a loss of clients because of the economy just like everyone else, but it is NOT ok to implement a $25.00 "ENHANCEMENT" fee per person per membership to subsidize their financial loss! The equipment seems to always be in need of repair, and it seems to be FOREVER before it is repaired. They now have a tanning bed and some cross fit equipment, I am not interested in either one of those things, so must i pay an "ENHANCEMENT" fee? $45.00 gift certificates were provided with the letter that stated they were going to take the "ENHANCEMENT FEE" on a specific date. Mind you the $45.00 certificate was to be put toward the purchase of personal training sessions.......more $$$$$ out of our pockets, or tanning sessions.........more $$$$$$$ out of our pockets (cancer), or their snack bar.......do I need $45.00 worth of milkshakes? My suggestion was to leave my $25.00 alone as I NEVER agreed Mountainside could remove $$$ from my account as they pleased, I have NO need for their supposed $45.00 "gift" & I could use my $25.00 for milk or gas!! For this reason, along with the fact that they feel they can change their contracts as they please and whenever the mood strikes, I WOULD NOT recommend this gym. I do not feel they manage their business in an ethical manner. Apparently it's ALL ABOUT THE $$$$$$ and not about the customer! Very sad.
1	Beware their contracts - I signed up for a month to month membership, and after finding that I was not going often enough to justify the expense I went in and cancelled my membership.  One week later, they hit my credit card for an additional $25 and stated that it was a "Facilities Enhancement Fee" and that they had informed me of it one month earlier - which they had NOT!  I called and protested, and the manager told me they refuse to give me back my money.  They're crooks, and I'm filing complaints at the city attorney's office, the BBB, and making sure EVERYONE knows what schysters these people are!FOLLOW UP:  After contacting my bank, and informing them that this business hit my card weeks AFTER I cancelled my membership, they reversed the charge.  I suggest, if you have the same issue, you do what I did.  I got my money back.The response from the business was the usual legal sleeze stating it was clearly outlined in the contract.  What they did NOT mention, was that they did this AFTER I cancelled my membership and was told they would not charge me again.  They clearly use their "contract" to rip people off after they no longer belong to their gym.
2	I have been checking out local gyms, since I am new in the area.  I have been a member of various gyms in the USA, and I believe I can give an honest appraisal of this one.   This particular gym is as gyms go not all that bad.  Not great but certainly not bad.  Cardio Equipment seemed suitable ,and there was a sufficient amount of weigths both free and machine weights. I visted on a Sunday afternoon so have no idea what weekdays are like.  Probably much more crowded at those times especially late afternoons I know the parking lot is crowded on weekdays.  OK I said its a good gym and I stand by that.  However  I did not join it.  Reason:  I've been around and know what to look for in a gym.   The pricing is not appropriate for the area.  It is an  overpriced gym   All  gyms in the area like to charge a rather large initiation fee ,or whatever they like to call it.  This one included.   Its a big bill added on to a monthly charge.  I didn't care for the way I was being told that I was getting a discount, when I knew darn well I was not.  The gym just isn't worth the monthly fee on top of the initiation fees.   Notice when you visit a gym its always the last day of a so called  membership special.  Baloney.  I don't  think so.  The  parking lot is terrible.  I drove by one weekday afternoon ,and it I could tell people were searching for a spot.  I honestly don't know why people join this gym, other than there are so few gyms around this Surprise area.  All of them I know like to charge a big initiation fee, since I have been visiting the few that are here.  Very disappointing.  You would think since there are so many seasonal people here,  they would offer a seasonal membership.  No one seemed to know  the  answer to that when I asked.  Sorry.  I was dissappointed in this gym, but its an ok place to workout if you can stand the policies.
1	I've only been a member for 2 weeks.  I am temp in AZ from CO caring for a terminally ill family member.  I needed a place to escape for relief. MSF is close.  I joined to attend yoga and pilates classes. 2 out of the 5 times I have gone to class there has been a mixup in the schedule.  Wed I noticed the online sched differed from the paper sched.  I called to find out the correct time and was given the wrong info.  Waiting with several other confused members for the class to begin, one of the said "the yoga schedule has been jacked up lately".  It's not easy for me to get away.  I have to hire home health care every time I leave the house.  I needed an outlet to relieve stress and get some exercise. MSF has provided the opposite.  To add to the so far awful experience, the front desk employees could care less.  AND I paid to attend a meditation class and realized I was charged 5.00 too much.  After I had to wait 20min to sign up and pay because no one at the front desk had any idea what I was requesting!  I had to direct them to the huge sign advertising the class outside the yoga room instructing to sign up and pay at the front desk.  Now I will need to spend more time and frustration trying to get my 5.00 back.   Needless to say I will be re-joining the wonderful PEORIA BIKRAM YOGA studio even though it is a long drive.  Anyone looking for mind/body classes for stress and exercise.....join a REAL yoga studio!
1	I was a member at the Surprise location years ago, I left and joined fitness 1.  Recently I have been thinking about returning to Mountainside, due to convenience of various locations. I read many of the reviews and was reminded of the reason I left years ago.  That "Enhancement Fee" is bogus, try budgeting monthly membership fees for upkeep and maintainance. Each time a member complained about the enhancement fee the manager had a lame response, "Enhancement Fee was mentioned in your contract" .   Booooo .....  I'm so glad YELP was there to help me decide.  I'm definitely not returning to Mountainside gym.
5	Love Mountainside Fitness!  They have a lot of classes (for me), a lot of weights (for my hubby) and a ton of cardio machines for both of us.  I especially like the yoga classes with Jerry, Donna and Kathleen!  Woot!
5	I joined Mountainside about 3 weeks ago so I wanted to give it some time before I gave a real review. Honestly? I love it here. The childcare is very good. The ladies are patient, kind, and clearly enjoy being with the kids. There is ample adult/kid ratio so that makes it nice. The toys are clean, not broken, and ample as well. One of the major reasons behind my selecting Mountainside is their childcare. It's super important to me that my son is well cared for but also has a lot of fun while I work out. And childcare is including in my price of membership!Speaking of membership, there is so much included with the price of membership that it's mind blowing. They do offer classes that are above and beyond the price of membership but there is more than enough to keep your attention. The equipment is clean, always working, and there seems to be more than enough for everyone to use. I never feel like I"m bumping elbows with anybody on any machine or weights. I also like that my 12 year old can use the equipment and work out too.  The classes are great! I have taken a wide variety of classes now and each one is fun, challenging, and motivating. I'm a particular fan of the Yoga, Pilates, and "On the Ball" classes. I also utilize the trainers which is an extra charge and my trainer, Haley, is great. She's attentive, interested, and pays attention to ME when I'm working with her. The trainers all seem very knowledgeable, helpful, and not a bunch of muscle heads like you so often see. The locker rooms are clean, well-kept, and have lots of amenities. All in all, I have zero complaints about Mountainside. I really enjoy the facility and am glad I took the leap from Anytime.
3	So here we are almost 2 months after I left my first review and the honeymoon period is definitely over....well at least with the child care aspect of the gym. The gym itself is still 5 Stars all the way. The child care...not so much.I have tried to communicate with the manager several times but she has yet to return my calls so all I can do is update my review. With the exception of Leslie who is fabulous, I'm not even sure the staff LIKES children. The child care staff does NOT interact with the children. They stand around in clumps or just stand by the kids but don't actually interact. I have watched older children run each other down and knock each other over like crazy in the room with the inflatables. I've seen bigger kids push my son down and hit him with nothing done until I've pointed it out to the staff. While diaper duty is included, I can't tell you the number of times my son's diaper has been left unchanged when he's had a #2. My boy is almost 2 and was having an issue interacting with some of the smaller kids because he's never been around them before. Rather than the staff redirecting him or engaging him themselves in play, I was informed when I came to pick him up that he was in "time out" nearly the entire time. I had him in childcare for almost 90 minutes that day and that I had to sign a "warning" form about his behavior. To find out I'm paying for my child to stand in a corner for 90 minutes is not acceptable and surely if the staff actually engaged and interacted with the kids, "warning" forms wouldn't be necessary. Further, all they had to do was come and get me if my child was having an issue. We are in the same building afterall!It is painfully obvious that one of the ladies doesn't like my child AT ALL as she makes a face whenever he comes in. It's come to the point where I've had to make alternate arrangements for my child most of the time when I want to come to the gym even though my membership includes childcare as part of the package because I want don't want him to feel like he is unwelcome. I'm not expecting people to turn cartwheels over kids, but the lack of enthusiasm is just so thick I feel like it's a workout just to wade through it! The kids are hardly greeted when they come in, there is no farewell when they leave...there is no interaction other than to park kids in "time out". I hope that it changes because I'd like to be able to bring my boy back and have him feel welcome, comfortable, and has fun at the same time.
3	Fancier than the other gym options in town.  Parking is a bit of a exercise itself sometimes.  As far as the equipment goes, some of the machines seem to be in need of some TLC.  Electronics that are funky/wonky mean that a gorilla pounded on them.As far as the child care goes, my wife wrote in detail about our challenges although they may hopefully be listening/reading because my visit this weekend and use of childcare went very well and I found the staff engaged/helpful with my little buddy while I worked out.    The mens locker room could definitely use some serious de-odorizer or at least some bleach.  : )  Dayuuuummmm.
5	This is the best gym option in Surprise in my opinion. While it is certainly not dirt cheap like other places, it has better amenities, more machines, individual TVs on all Cardio (this is important to me... I can work out longer if I am entertained). The staff always seem friendly and greet you coming in and leaving. They are NOT pushy sales people, which I love. Some of the TVs don't work right, or have no sound even with headphones, but there are plenty of machines open so I just test before I start my workout :-) I am sure when the New Year's rush hits I will have some issues, but we all know that never lasts more than three weeks. It is also CLEAN which is important to me. They are always stocked with wipes to clean off machines, too. I have yet to try any fitness classes, but want to start that soon. Have I been to better gyms? Yes. Were they in Surprise? No. Have I ever been to other gyms in Surprise? Yes. Were they better or comparable to this one? Not by a long shot! Haven't tried the child care, but we will when the time comes. The kids always look happy coming out of there, and I love that you can watch your kiddos on the TV.
4	It's been 6 months since my last update so I felt that since the gym really does read these reviews and they do act on them, I owe them an updated review. :)The gym itself is still 5 stars. I love the amenities, the classes, the equipment variety, I love my trainer and I love that I've dropped 3 pants sizes. The child care situation has improved SIGNIFICANTLY. The staff is much more interactive with the kids and even make the effort to greet and say good bye to all of the kids when they leave. The lady who used to make a face when my boy came in now actually seems to like him. It's nice to finally go in and not have tension. My son genuinely enjoys going to the gym and playing with the kids now. So, it took some time, but it looks like both the child-care and my son have gotten over the growing pains of their new relationship together. I'm glad that the gym makes an effort to improve based on what members describe here in YELP. Thank you for caring enough about what we think! So with the improved childcare situation and the overall good stuff going on there, it balances out to a solid 4-stars all the way around.
5	The classes with Nat and TRX is awesome. Childcare staff and facility is fantastic. I would recommend it for anyone with small kids.
5	Great gym! Have been a member for as long as they have been in Surprise! They have a lot to do and are improving all the time! Great staff...very friendly...great trainers...lots of free and paid for classes...sauna and steam room...tv on each exercise  equipment
3	I've been coming here for years and I've really had no issue till today.  Memorial Day check in and I feel I need to let you Yelpers know....There is a lady trainer working there.. (She's the older woman) that does NOT wash her hands after using the latrine.  So gross!  I saw her myself- she came out the stall and walked right outside....It grossed me out because she was training another lady... All I thought was GROSS!  How can you train, touch equipment, touch that lady... Knowing you didn't wash your hands after going to the bathroom!  Work out folks beware of the old lady trainer!  I think she's the oldest trainer there.  You would think she would have the wisdom and know that not washing your hands after using the bathroom is nasty as heck!  Other than that daycare and the rest of the staff have been nice.
5	Love the surprise staff! My kids rather go to the childcare then home! It truly is our second home.
2	As far as the gym and staff go, I would give a high mark.  As far as their enhancement fee for a couple of $50.00, I would give this a low rating.  Because of an injury at the gym, my husband and I were using it so sporadically that the decision was made to cancel our membership.  We went into the gym on September 30th and signed the papers.  The first week of October, I checked my banking statement and saw a debit for $50.00 on September 23rd, one week before cancellation.  In calling the gym, I was told it was the yearly enhancement fee, in order to not be charged we would have had to cancel by August according to their contract.  My bad, didn't read the contract well enough.  That being said, this seems like a bad business practice and a little greedy to me, would it not make more sense to pro-rate this enhancement fee for people that cancel, no matter what month they cancel?
5	Well into my 2nd year as a member at Mountainside and I have to say I am really fond of it.  The amenities, the classes, the equipment variety are all excellent but the real improvement has been in the child care area.  What was once a tumultuous relationship has now blossomed into a partnership that I appreciate. The staff is more interactive with the kids, better at conveying expectations, doesn't change the rules from day to day, and my son genuinely enjoys going to the gym to play.  I'm really glad that MS makes an effort to listen to members and cares enough to make changes. I got a new trainer after my trainer recently left and the transition was easy with results well worth the continued expense. Trainers are a separate price from the membership and while I had not worked out with a trainer in the past, my experience with Core Concepts has been very positive. I work out with David O now and he is professional, knowledgeable and truly interested in my continued progress.  He has become a learned friend who has a vested interest in my health. So happy I chose Mountainside for my fitness center and so happy that I can get back to giving it 5 stars.
5	Sheri the Zumba instructor is worth the membership if you enjoy Zumba!  Lots of energy and makes it fun. The facility is clean and the daycare women are nice.
