5	There are 2 main things that make Maggie Dickson's stand out from the huge crowd of other pubs in the Grassmarket.First, it's history: I won't ruin the surprise, but the pub gets its name from the most famous fishwife in Edinburgh, hanged in 1724 but who then mysteriously came back to life on route to the cemetery. You have to go and read the full version yourself - it's written on the wall outside the pub and also on the menu's (they tell it much better than I do).  Not many pubs can claim they have that kind of history and heritage!The second thing: the fry-up. Whether its curing the effects of the night before or you just need a good feed to start your day, the huge plate of bacon, sausages, beans, haggis, black pudding, eggs, mushroom, fried tomato and toast definitely takes some beating - especially when you grab one of the outside tables in the sun. It's not often that I go all-out and have a huge greasy fry-up, but when I do it's usually here.Next time you're in the grassmarket trying to decide which of the seemingly endless stream of pubs to go to, this one should be your first stop.
4	This place has an exciting history - but it isnt the reason people come into Maggie Dicksons Pub. Situated in the Grass market, Maggies is a favourate haunt of students and tourists alike - who have come in for relaxation and to eat some huge portions of pub food.The pub has a huge range of beer, wines and spirits available, as well as traditional pub grub that is great to eat and well priced. Maggies is nicely decorated - dark wood, leather, exposed bricks and a skeleton in the corner (more of that history for you).Maggies can, regretably, get veeery busy on weekend - during both the days and the evenings, so be prepared for a wait for your drinks and the chance of not getting a seat.
4	I came here with a some friends a few months ago as we passed by on a night out.  It was about 10pm and the bar was lively with music, a good crowd of people and a great atmosphere.  The staff are friendly and seem to have a good relationship with the locals which is always an encouraging sign.  The customers were a good mix of students, locals and tourists with a range of ages and interests.  We met plenty of interesting people, including an Austrian couple who we very nearly convinced to come out clubbing with us, but not quite.  Apparantly Maggie Dickson's food is also great, so it's well worth a look no matter when you're in the Grassmarket.
4	With its deliberately creepy wee quirks and its namesake's racy role in Edinburgh's history, Maggie Dickson's is a must-see for tourists.As popular with locals as it is with visitors, Maggie Dickson's has a number of stodgy, satisfying meals on the agenda, a menu seeped in history (it tells the story of Maggie Dickson's demise), and a good selection of booze, you can't go wrong drinking here!Even during the day it is usually consistently busy, but it's worth battling with crowds during peak season just for a quick spy. Its broody interior and eerie myths make it a very special sort of theme pub - one which is entirely peculiar to the city in which it is situated. It's a nice place to get a drink at any rate but its unique style makes it worth the visit.
3	The tale behind the name of the pub is great.  The interior of the pub is quirky without being cheesy.  I had a tomato, pesto and mozzarella cheese baguette that was delish along with good chips (french fries) and a passable salad.  My mates split an order of cheese nachos.  No bueno  Guacamole tasted totally processed and the salsa was that in name only.  It came with a choice of toppings, including haggis.  I'm from Texas and the fusion of Tex-Mex and Scottish traditional gave me a good laugh.  Passed on it though.  Maybe I'll try making it myself sometime.  I do recommend a visit.
5	We've been here in march 2011. Great pub and we loved the burgers!!! Great place and kind bar staff. From my POV definitely a pub you have to visit in Edinburgh.
4	Short and easy review. Good service, good food, good decor. It's pub food but good portion size and was satisfying to hungry travellers.  Could have more beers on tap.
4	I went here after hearing about it on a tour. I didn't eat anything but had a drink, so my review will be mainly on the atmosphere and service. It's dark and intimate, i can see it getting very loud with too many people, but when I went, it was the right level of business. Service was fast and personable, the bar tender taking time to have a small conversation. Overall, great spot. Nothing too special, but I'd happily go again!
5	Saturday night crowd not too bad,  most of them standing out front.  My daughter and I had the bangers and mash - so yummy!! Price is right for the amount of food you get.  We small had a local beer Innes & Gunn dark brew aged in oak barrels and a taste of rum - awesome! This ed my first meal in Scotland and very memorable. The service was fast,  just make sure to let them know when you need something,  they don't check on you.  Background music was great!
5	We headed in to Maggie Dickson's the other night to celebrate our move to Edinburgh. Being new to Scotland, I had not yet had haggis, and we were craving a taste of some good drinking. I have to say--we were COMPLETELY satisfied!First of all, the food: absolutely DELICIOUS. I had been told back in America that food in Scotland is bland and under-spiced--definitely not the case! All the food I've tried here so far has been delicious (even to an Indian tongue!), and Maggie Dickson's was the best I've had so far. We had haggis, neeps, & tatties and the steak & ale pie, and they were both EXTREMELY satisfying. Served steaming hot and with plenty of gravy, the meal was excellent.Also: the drinking list!! They have craft stuff from various regions of Scotland, as well as a handful of the stuff we knew of back in America. Being new to the country, I had the waiter advise on a beer and a whiskey for us, and he nailed it! The drinks here are good, and still affordable, even to a student. And he was so patient and courteous!The place itself was to my liking, too: it was a Thursday, so the music was laid-back and audible, but not too loud to block conversation by any means. There were several locals sitting at the bar and outside, and the whole setting was comfortable and quirky. I've stopped in on a weekend night, too--the place gets pretty lively--as it should!Definitely a pub we'll be hitting often in the next few years. :)
