5	Great prices. Great service. Only issue was a lug that was sheared off but they took care of that for me. I would highly recommend getting the warranty.  It is too easy to run over nails or puncture your tire in some other way.  I have used my free repair numerous times. These guys don't argue with you.  They ask where the nail is and when you want the car back.  Rotations are free too.
5	Always professional, always prompt. Clean facility. Discount Tire demonstrates the definition of good customer service.
5	Been Using discount tire for about 5 years. Bought the tires at a Colorado Springs location. This store was mirror experience of that store . Polite and curious.  Clean store.  Gave recommendation on what toFix and replace , never were high pressure though, which is what I like.
5	I've been to this location twice in the last year. The first time I visited they told me I still had a few thousand miles left before I needed to buy new tires so they ended up rotating them for free.My most recent visit was to replace all four of my tires. I did my research on the internet prior to visiting and they definitely had competitive pricing. I'll buy my tires here anytime over buying online because the installation is free and the staff always treats me with respect. They're friendly, they work efficiently and they always provide excellent customer service. I also like buying my tires at Discount Tire because they have great warranties. I can't count how many times they've fixed my tires for free (usually due to nail damage).One final note - I like that I can walk to Nordstrom Rack and World Market while my car is being worked on. :) The store always sends me a text when my car is ready to be picked up - that's convenience!
4	Super friendly staff.  Very helpful.  Provided me with a number of options on tires and no heavy pressure on upgrading.Strongly recommend that Discount Tire invests in guest wireless for the folks that are waiting for their tires.  A flat never happens when it is convenient and I think it would be beneficial for their customers who have to work but have the inconvenience of needing repairs or new tires.
4	I priced tires from several area businesses and for the money and service there's no better place than Discount Tires. Prices were competitive, the staff were all friendly and very easy to work with ... Sales room was clean and offered television, free wifi and coffee. The appointment time was met and all warranties and offers were discussed prior to purchase .. For the price and service this is a great place to purchase tires. Two thumbs up
