5	Found this place by chance for my normal salon didn't open until 11 and was on a time crunch..hidden on the side of a Fry's Marketplace@ 35th Ave & Peoria. At first I was a little hesitant, they open @ 10 on Sundays and I arrived at about 10:45 to find the shop empty, occupied by only 2 nail techs. I asked for a pedicure with french tip. The pedicure was $18, which is average, but the french tip was $5 extra..my normal salon only charges $3. The place was very clean, with a inviting atmosphere. I loved the beach inspired mural. My only complaint was it took the woman 1 hour to give me a pedicure..but she did awesome with removing my calluses and made my fat little toes look normal.  I believe I now have a new place that is closer to home. If you are looking for a pedi this is the place.
1	Place clean ppl nice ! Paint already chipping next day & stars falling off 5o$ cant do design very well
5	I have been going to this salon for all of my nail needs for about 8 months now and I have to say they have never done me wrong. When I pay the extra $5 for the callus removal it is well worth it, the heels are always smooth and callus free. They are always pleasant and don't talk to each other in another language. The salon is extremely clean and they never fail to ask me if I want a bottle of water. Good job ladies. You keep me coming back!
1	Went in with my friend to get mani/pedis and was picking out colors. I like to change my nail color a lot and was trying to find a new color that I liked, after a minute of looking the lady walked over and asked if I found a color yet. I felt a little rushed and just decided on the color in my hand. During our pedicures the man who was doing my friend's toes accidentally cut her and appeared to try to cover it up before she saw but too late because she sure felt it! He poured what I assume was an antibacterial liquid on her toe which was bleeding pretty good and it obviously stung very badly. I'm not even sure that he said sorry.. he directed her to put her feet in the tub which she questioned if she should since she had an open wound. They said that it would be ok because they wash them out. A different lady ended up finishing my friend's nails (which I'm sure put her a little at ease). When we were finished and went to pay they hadn't even given my friend a discount for slicing her toe open! Her toe was all bloody on the side and it looked like they just put the polish over it. This is one week later that i'm writing this review and my nails turned out pretty at first (and unscathed) but the gel on my fingers is already falling off and I was told they would last for three weeks. My friend on the other hand has a red and purple infected toe! I will definately not be coming back and not sure you should either..
2	Finally given up on this place! The older man and his daughter are very rushed which causes them to be careless. However, I keep going back because they have a large selection of gel nail polishes. A few days ago I got a manicure and it was definitely my last time. 1st the older man cut my skin with the nail drill. Then he literally took a chunk out of my cuticle when cutting my cuticles. 3rd when buffing my nail he scraped my cuticle with the edge of the buffer. And everyone knows those things are pretty rough! The worst had to be the chunk taken out of my cuticle though. And adding alcohol to all these cuts was the cherry on top. Talk about burn! Finding a new place asap!
1	Horrible! Honestly the worst! Had my feet in Luke warm water for 40 min! No apologies or knowledge of a wait prior. The color looked good but the rest of my feet weren't even touched. And she cut my finger so all in all... Go somewhere else!
1	Horrible service, horrible work and an overall horrible experience, my 2 year old could have done a better job. Zero stars is unavailable so I gave them one more than I should have. Lady was in such a hurry to go home she didn't even care about doing a decent job. Never will go back,  wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
5	I have been to alot of places around Phoenix for gel nails.  Every time I have them done they crack within a week and look horrible.  I have been going here for over a year now and they are GREAT!! The people are always nice and my nails have never looked better.  Prices are good too.
1	After a failed attempt to visit the salon across the street, I walked into Phoenix and was immediately greeted, asked to choose a color and sit down at a station.The gentleman who did my fill/repair was quiet and efficient - no useless chit-chat, no dawdling, no nonsense.The salon was clean, comfortable, and not decorated in cheesy 80's nail supply company posters.  I approve and I'll be back.6 minutes later, I discover that the acryllic on one nail was filed down so thin that it's cracked off.  OFF.  Then I look at the other nails and notice that they're ALL really thin and are probably going to crack as well.  Fabulous.  In attempting to build return business for themselves, they've driven off another potential long term REALLY GOOD TIPPING client.Stupid.UPDATE:  Reduced to one star - attempted to call the establishment to ask about their policy regarding fixing their mistakes and was hung up on.  Giving the benefit of the doubt, I called back to allow them an opportunity to correct THAT mistake as well, but it happened again.I can't even with these people.
