4	This is a lovely and badly needed facility. For a city whose population is 27% black, many poor, it long lacked a comparable cultural center for a relatively ignored demographic. It's also a fine monument to the city's most celebrated playwright. We came here one summer afternoon for their "Lunch on Liberty" program, where they offered free entertainment on the patio to anyone wishing to stop by. The main gallery inside was closed off to make way for a new exhibition, but we enjoyed several displays of Teenie Harris's photography.My concern is that the nonprofit Center is apparently in debt and having trouble raising enough funds to keep it going. Given its namesake, it does seem appropriate that it should struggle. It's understandable, given that it was built and completed at a time when the economy is down and the arts are particularly struggling. But I hope they find a way to make it happen, and I hope Pittsburghers will support the Wilson Center.
5	Seriously, a beautiful theater! I mean, I'd hope so...it's brand new!I love the way every little thing is screaming with detail.  The outside entrance is a huge "A." The hallways arch and curve in a truly modern way. The different colors of purple flow through the whole place. There's famous sculptures on display in the hallways. But I haven't even gotten to the good part!The theater is amazing! I love an intimate theater, I want to see the performers sweat! And in this theater you do!  There's only about 400-500 seats and honestly anywhere you sit you're going to get a good view.  The stage isn't narrow and small, it's long so even if you're in the corners you'll see the action.  It's pretty amazing to have such a fantastic tribute to the playwright August Wilson I the city.  I know it's a strong presence to have in the city and I hope they're around for many years to come forming their own voice in the theater community in the Burgh.  If you're ever contemplating seeing something here, please do, you'll have a fantastic experience viewing experience.  If you're ever invited to an event here, do it!  You'll be in awe of the gorgeous space!
4	I can't say too much about this place since we were only here for two minutes. We stopped in because I'm a playwright and wanted to know about the different things that go on here.  Apparently, we were just in time for open mic/poetry night.  We would have stayed, but had to get back to the hotel to prep for dinner.One thing I just wanted to comment on - I was so confused when a Japanese girl came to greet us when it's a "Center for African Americans," and there were many African Americans working there.  I thought maybe she greeted us because she knew I was Asian too so wanted to make me feel like I was at home.  Just an observation, nothing more.
