3	I recently put on a few pounds and wanted it gone. I have had great success with the HCG diet so I thought I would go to GNC to see what their HCG cost there. It is $89.95 there so I bought it thinking it was a good deal. I have been on it for about 3 weeks and have lost 11 pounds. My last supervised HCG diet I had better success on but this is working. The guy in the store was helpful and polite. He told me the bottle is a 4 week supply but I think I might get 5 weeks out of it. If you want really good success I would go with a supervised program even though it is more expensive.
5	I recently became a Vegetarian and wanted to try and pack on muscle in the process. The gentleman in the store was great! I asked him what I should take and which proteins are best, he advised me of all the specials available and any upcoming promotions. The store was clean and organized. I found exactly what I wanted and their employees always recommend additional products that I could benefit from. I love their buy one get one 50% since that adds up to huge savings in the long run. I was in and out with what I needed within 10 minutes.
4	I recently... ok, I am joking... I just wanted to start my review like everyone else. Now on to the real review. I am trying to lower my body fat percentage while increase increasing lean body mass. I came in with a minor understanding of the different kinds of protein shake. With everything a person would need to guide them towards a healthier lifestyle, I went in to kick start my 2012 project. I must have looked very confused because the gentleman behind the register came out to help. He explained the differences between the pure, fast absorbing, and the more complex whey proteins. GNC was having a huge sale; $25 off certain items and buy 1 get 1 half off on others.
5	Not only do they offer great deals, but the staff is incredibly knowledgable. I use one of the daily vitamin packs, considering all of the junk food I eat and my Dr. gives me a clean bill of health, my guess is this stuff works! I should also mention that the store is clean and very well organized. Yes you should be using their products and using this location. Tell them the Duke sent you. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Clean store, friendly staff, fast service
1	I've been to this store twice and each time I have had a bad experience.  Apparently the sign out front is deceiving because although it says GNC it doesn't follow the same rules as every other GNC I've been too, and trust I've been going to these stores for many years.  The first time I visited this store, I noticed their price on my protein was higher than my local gym, knowing that GNC will price match I asked for it and was told that they don't do this at that store because it's a privately owned GNC.  I was told that if I wanted to drive down the street a ways to another gnc they would match and beat by a dollar, a dollar lol.  Needless to say I waited and bought it at my gym.  The second time I went to this store I didn't realize that it closed early at 6 and arrived a little bit after, noticing that there were around 6 or 7 customers walking around inside, I knocked and was greeted with "we're closed".  I asked the sales associate if I could quickly grab one thing that I already knew I wanted, I was told that all the registers were closed.  I asked if all the registers are closed how are the other customers paying, and was reluctantly told that one was still open.  Although other customers were still clear shopping, looking from shelf to shelf I was not allowed to make my purchase.  I understand that closed is closed however, I also understand business and customer service, apparently neither of which this store does.  Overall, I have not been pleased with the level of service received and will not be returning!
