5	This crossfit gym ROCKS!!!! I'm very new to crossfit and decided to check this place out because of all the pictures I saw on Facebook.  This gym exceeds your expectations on all levels...it's an upscale crossfit gym, friendly staff, and has awesome trainers.  The staff and members make you feel welcomed and motivate you when you want to quit.  I could see why people get hooked to this place after trying out the FREE class .
5	Crossfit Incendia is the perfect gym for beginners, intermediate and advanced athletes. There is a family atmosphere feel , a contained play area for the children and coaches that really care about your well being.
5	Crossfit Incendia is the most amazing gym I have ever been to. I am new to crossfit and absolutely look forward to it everyday!!! The coaches are amazing, they help you exceed your goals and always show you support and never put anyone down. The gym itself is perfect, it has everything for beginners, intermediate, and advanced athletes. It is the only crossfit gym I have ever seen that has a crossfit 101 class for beginners where they teach you how to do everything from step to step to make sure you do your WOD correct. In two months I have already seen a huge difference in my strength and energy and I thank this Gym for it. It is also a very awesome place for people that want to feel welcomed, and at "home." LOVE THIS PLACE!! AND LISA AND BRYAN (owners-coaches) ARE AWESOME!!!
5	I've been CrossFitting for over two years now and I was very nervous leaving my previous gym.  What I found at CrossFit Incendia was an awesome atmosphere with an awesome group of people.  The owners are great and are always around and helpful.  The gym is also kid friendly, which is very helpful.
5	I love CrossFit Incendia! Incendia is a very friendly and family oriented place, I highly recommend this gym to anyone who wants to get fit in a positive and motivating atmosphere.
5	All I have to say is my life has been forever changed because of my coaches at Incendia. Not only am I getting healthier physically, but the coaches and members feed my soul with encouraging, uplifting, positives vibes and always feel 150% better walking out of there. They are the best of the best. They have every single member interest and safety at heart. I've made life long best friends from working out at Incendia! They constantly offer seminars to us to make us better with some of the best athletes in CrossFit. Love my gym and PROUD to be apart of it!! Brian and Lisa bend over backwards to accommodate for their members. They treat each member of incendia as if it was their own family member.  It's my home away from home. I'm always so happy when I get to workout there. Now, how often can you say that about a GYM!?
5	I walked into Incendia in September 2013 and I am so glad I did! I love my fellow Incendians, the coaches totally rock, and Brian & Lisa are the BEST!!! They are constantly looking out for the needs of us members and truly treat us like family! I will never set foot in a "regular gym" again! Joining Incendia is one of the best personal decisions I have ever made!!
5	Not much can be added that hasn't already been said in the other reviews.  I've been CrosFfitting for over 2 years and have been to a few gyms around the country.  The things that make Incendia excel are both it's owners, Brian and Lisa, and the community.  The community environment is competitive, yet fun.  We like to work hard and play hard.  Because of this environment, there are not the cliques you'd expect and what I've experienced at other gyms.  Not only the things above, but there are tons of classes offered (kids, teens, beginner, prep, endurance, crossfit and competitor), great coaches (who are actually attentive and knowledgable), 5000+ of square feet (soon to be almost 11k sq ft) and one of the best things that is RARE with crossfit gyms...when new or additional equipment is needed Brian and Lisa order it before you realize we need it.  If you've been to other Crossfit gyms you know why this is rare.If you're a parent, like myself, there is a great kids area with times that have supervision.I can't say enough about the facility, but most of all the environment Lisa and Brian have created.  Come to the FREE Crossfit 101 class on Saturdays at 9, or come to any of the other classes to chat with a coach. And if you sign up...you might just save a panda
3	Based on the reviews and the childcare I decided to take them up on their offer for a free class. I showed up 15 mins early and was greeted by a lady who was very friendly and took my daughter back right away. If I could sign up based on her whole customer service I would before even seeing the gym. On the website it says there is no need to call just show up, I went in 15 mins before the scheduled time. She recommended I wait in the front area until the coach showed up, my first impression was that he could care less I was there for the first time. He didn't even tell me his name or shook my hand. But whatever, I was there for a good workout. But being that I showed up early I thought someone would of at least gave me a quick tour around the facility. I seen some pictures online but it would have been polite to show me where the restroom is and even just to let the others know that I'm new. But maybe its just me and I'm being a brat. The workout was intense and I loved it. One more thing, if you know this is someones first time taking the class shouldn't you at least ask them how they liked it, or if they had any questions? No, okay. If it wasn't for seeing the way the kid care lady was I probably wouldn't have gone back. She was great with my daughter and was the one to tell me where the restroom was and the water fountain. She was the one to ask me how the workout was and give me a nice compliment. So based on my experience with her I decided to go back for one more class. I looked online and saw that it would be with the female owner of the facility, so i thought this would be good to get some questions answered and maybe get to see the whole gym. I walked in and she just asked if I had taken a class before, and I told her I was doing a drop in and would be signing up afterward. Let me just say that if you are the owner of this place I would of expected a pleasant greeting or even just saying hello to my daughter. She took my payment info and told me the rules for the childcare. The last time my daughter could take in her "leak proof" sippy cup but this time she said that was not allowed due to any allergies or whatever. I was hoping this time I would get a tour around the place but NO. Took the payment and then proceeded to step in the gym for class. I took my daughter inside the kid area and there was a younger guy who just asked her name and that was it. He didn't say anything much but that if she cried for more than a certain time he would have to interrupt my workout. Afraid that would happen i stayed five minutes trying to help her adapt as he sat playing with the other kids who seemed to be going there often. He could have at least tried, but then again it is a Crossfit gym. The workout was great but the owner decided to stay talking to three particular people. It seems very "clique-ish" as these other people kicked our butts during this beginner workout, who in my opinion should be in an advanced class not a beginner one?. But overall I really like the workouts but is it worth the $120.00 every month. Oh and by the way the only way i found out about the pricing was online she didn't mention the cost. I would only sign up if they took into consideration that even though I, or any other newbie is just another person coming in trying it out, but 'WOW" us with the customer service the politeness to give a tour around the facility. We are already sold by the workout and I know you have a dedicated amount of people who are already members but at least make us newbies feel comfortable. If it wasn't for the first lady I dealt with I don't know if I would go back. But I'll see how it goes and hope to see improvements with the customer service.
