4	I wasn't going to review this store but I have to comment on the customer service I encountered this past weekend. I was in Las Vegas for an early Thanksgiving and I decided to get the new iPhone 5. I opted for a corporate store because I've experienced enough instances of sales associates not knowing AT&T policies and procedures at other mobile device retailers. I asked whether they had a 64 GB version - which they did so I walked in 20 minutes after my call. Roberto made my stay in the store brief and painless. He activated the service on my new phone and offered other services (gratis) which I declined but it was nice that he offered. He knew his merchandise and he made sure I left without any questions, included those he figured I would have after the fact. Knowledgeable but humble associates like him always make me want to be loyal and return to that store, for that person. Like I said - I came in - was taken care of and I left - a boy with his new toy!
3	Update:  Thanks I am sure to my post I am sure, they added seating to their store.  I added two stars.They have a big store not enough people working there.  When you try to pay your bill they steer you towards machines that do not give change.  If you need to talk to a real person good luck because they will make you wait and put your name on a waiting list.  That might not be so bad except they have not a single chair in the whole store for customers to sit on.  Half the time one of the payment machines is on the fritz.  Parking is horrible.
5	Super service and very knowledgeable. They took my questions and solved them easily. Highly recommend them and AtT
4	Was there to see if I could take care of an old internet bill that I had. Unfortunately I was unable to get it paid as they could not pull up my account. But I must say the cuatomer service was great! I was assisted by Alex, she was very knowledgeable and wanted to help as much as possible. I am a verizon user and this trip to AT&T may just have gotten another customer for them. If you have AT&T, I recommend coming  to this location!
3	this companys reps have push their luck AT&T-itude.rude people all over.i dont think they know what customer service means..i asked reps in stores & via the website one, what i thought was, a simple yes or no question & never received the same answer twice.wtf?online reps,lucky they dont have to deal with me face to face.lady at the decatur store,again, youre lucky i called & didnt come in.after years in retail,i cannot STAND bad customer service.yeah,im one of those people.so,why review this particular store and not complain to at&t directly?well i did. BUT,RJ, thats why.what a breath of fresh air he was to deal with after everyone else encountered.even with all the technical difficulties and EXTREMELY long wait to get my problem solved, this guy never lost his personality. professional, knowledgeable & so pleasant, he should replace that girl in the at&t commercials. for real.i will ALWAYS request RJ from this point on.seriously,someone promote this guy.
5	This is my GO-TO store for all account and phone problems.  I manage 6 phone lines--every one with a different device/insurance or not/data, (you get the picture).  While I try to visit when things are less busy, I have never had less than excellent service.  Reps are patient while we sort out different services, sometimes suggesting ways I can keep my costs lower.  Great store!
