4	I love this place the next day after a hangover.  Actually, I love any type of Pho the next day after a hangover.  The Banh Mi (Vietnamese Sandwiches) are cheap and tasty here even though they're a bit smaller than some other places.  The Pho and almost everything else is better than average except the spring rolls, not that they're bad.  You can also order a variety of boba drinks here.  The only small problem was that they sometimes pretend they understand what we're saying, but they end up getting the order wrong.  Little things like no cilantro or more of this and that.
4	Great little sandwiches on fresh baked french rolls (from the bakery next door.)  Best Pho in town - try it for take-away when you've got a cold and want to curl up on the couch.  The Thai soups are really tasty as well!Language barrier can be a thing, but they're always nice about fixing any mistakes.  I go here for lunch often with friends, the service is prompt and friendly.
4	is this the only place in vegas that has banh mi? i love banh mi...so i love hue thai!!! i usually order the charbroiled beef banh mi...i've also tried the cold cut sandwich, but the special banh mi at mr. baguette in rosemead, california is a lot better. hue thai also has a huge selection of drinks...slushies, boba, etc.
4	Nice menu of Vietnamese and Thai dishes, as well as smoothy drinks and banh mi.  The waiter takes your order which goes directly to the kitchen through a wireless device, excellent for big groups.  Banh Beo was great.  They have plain egg breakfasts as well.
4	We stumbled upon this spot by pure accident. We originally were looking for a Persian restaurant this side of town but it's been 5 or so years that I've forgotten what street it was on.We saw Penang Malaysian on the signage and thought that it's a good alternative.  At 3pm, it was closed. Weird, I thought we Asians don't have a proper time to eat - if we're hungry, we just eat.Dizzy and grumpy from setting up the booth for CES, we settled for Hue Thai. Mind you, I had my doubts seeing both Thai and Vietnamese word on the same line. I mean, really...Entering the place just made it all the worse. It was dark, dank and downright tacky. Come on, an underwater mural? I was hoping to see an Asian Ariel to start singing "Under The Sea" - oh wait, it was the lobster who sang that.  Anyhoo, the menu was extensive and cheap. Really CHEAP! Fuck, why really blow my per diem at those wasteful buffets? People, people are starving in Africa.Back to Hue Thai, the Banh Mi I ordered was actually delicious and satisfying - the French bread was still warm and fresh off the oven, the pickled veggies didn't overpower the meat and just had the right amount of  dressing.  The Tom Yung Goong was spicy, meaty and hot, served on one of those fiery hot metal pots. Just the way I like it.  The best $12.00 meal I've had in years in Vegas. Well, if they have French bread with ice cream, the meal would have been complete. So, minus one star. Never had those?
3	another review that is long overdue and spurred on by the last reviewer - i'm not a big fan of hue thai - but i think it's ok if you are in the area and you have an urge for banh mi. i love banh mi - the funny thing is i dated a viietnamese woman for over a year ( she was born in vietnam, yet from jr high forward, has lived in america ) several years ago and while we dated, i was exposed to virtually all vietnamese foods ....except banh mi..... we lived together in orange county and frequented the restaurants in little saigon ( the looks we would get from people - i am 6'2 white boy  ...she is under 5' tall !! )  after we broke up, it was by accident i  ate at a banh mi "fast food" joint in garden grove ( little saigon ) ...holy cow ...i was in heaven - the warm baquette...crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside, the pate, the bbq pork slices, the fresh crisp vegetables , the fragrance of the cilantro ( chinese parsley ) and it cost....$1.25 !?!?!?  are you kiddin' me !!!  after moving from the oc to sgv. i discovered the banh mi places on valley blvd  ....banh mi che cali....can it be the same place as the one in the oc...please, please please let it be ....and it was ....heaven....sure ...the prices have gone up ...a little...but i can still get them for under $2.00 so now i spend alot of time in vegas and i'm now with a chinese woman  ...which means...many visits to spring mtn ...and of course, discovering some vietnamese restaurants...including hue thai.... so how does it stand up to the so cal banh mi.....sorry...not quite....it is exciting to see the bread baking behind the glass partitions....and the bread is decent ( smaller than what i get on valley blvd ) ....the fillings...again the taste is close ... but a much smaller portion.  and then the price ...$3.75 ...geez.....now i give hue thai high marks for it being a very comfortable restaurant...stylish...but for me..who cares !!!my fav in vegas...so far...nhu lan...up the street...1/2 the price as hue thai...is it as good as my valley blvd fav's...no...but it's still decent and it's a mre casual place - a family run place ...it has more of a homey feel to it.
4	Their BBQ/grilled Pork  Banh Mi is delicious! And their French Bread with Curry Chicken is so yum!You can even see their bread being baked in a big stand-up oven at the kitchen.Their drinks are great too.A star is knocked off for the service though.
4	I love this place.  Their French Bread is delicious.  I have had many different types of banh mi here all of which where terrific.  I don't know of a better sandwich in town for the price.  The wide selection of beverages is fun too.  I ordered the goat curry here once and it didn't fancy it.  Everything else I've had here was wonderful.
4	Spoiled by Que Hong in Madison Heights, Michigan, I was lucky to have zeroed in on Vegas's best little Vietnamese sandwich shop rather quickly.  One of the best things about Hue Thai is there extensive menu with a photo of every single dish. It makes it much easier for newcomers to swallow when they can see what they're ordering is going to look like, especially with such a lengthy list of dishes whose descriptions otherwise would probably not do them justice. Plus, Vietnamese food can be intimidating to noobs, and they have their entire menu online, so you can prep your friends before you take them.The sandwiches are great, as should be expected. At around $4 a piece, it's a little higher than I'm used to, but the rest of the menu is comparably priced. I prefer the special combination, but I'm partial to pate and all things related to organ meat. The chicken salad stands out, as does the BBQ. They're all very good.The gem of a dish from this place, in my opinion, is the pho dac biet. I've eaten this at probably 20 different restaurants, and this is by far the best I've had. The thinly sliced beef is, as a rule, quite chewy in this dish, and Hue Thai's version is the exception that proves it. It was incredibly tender. They also have beef tendon in theirs, which I've never had before.The one thing I hate about this place is the horrible top 40 satellite radio station they play. Horrible. But, I'm still willing to tolerate it for the great food.There is a huge selection of beverages here also. I'm usually a plain hot tea drinker, so most don't appeal to me, but one has the option of probably 30 or 40 different drinks. The obligatory durian shake is present if you're adventurous, or you could elect to get one made with jack fruit, if you're feeling a little less so. They're also working on getting a liquor license, but this isn't the type of place I'd typically order a beer anyway.
3	Mervin and I enjoyed this place very much.  But for Vietnamese food, I thought it was kinda pricey.  We stumbled on this place on accident late one night.  We are originally from California and we enjoy the American Asian fusion cafe (spam and egg over rice, chow fun with egg and beef or shrimp, and etc).  We wanted to find a place like that here in Las Vegas ( we still haven't), but i did find a place for my Chicken curry and 1000 year old porridge fix.  Mervin found his ube (taro slush) fix as well. The close early, its big, and you can order to go.  They have french baguette there, that is almost orgasmic.  The service was great for being campers and the food was good.  Thumbs down for the sandwich prices though, I am use to getting them for under $2.Overall recommendation-    I totally recommend it.
4	I found this place by accident, I went to shopping center where Hue Thai is located at to get a haircut.  I passed by this place and saw it was pretty busy, busiest eatery in the entire mall.  I was curious so I went inside.  I don't ususally eat much Thai food but I took a look at their menu.  They were a Vietnamest place in disguise!  What kinda threw me off was their walls are painted like a big underwater aquarium (for some reason) and even NEMO can be found!  I love me my pho and fried egg rolls, especially when they bring out that big plate of romaine lettuce, pickled carrots and radish, mint, basil, and cilantro to mix with it.  I LOVE colorful food.  I was in a rush so I couldn't stay but I took a menu with me.  The whole week after that I was craving to eat at this place.  I finally convince the gf to go with me one weekend for lunch.  So glad we did.I've had pho before, but I had never tried Banh Mi sandwiches.  I know, typical but we Hawaii people don't have much Thai restaurants in the islands.  Turns out to be one of the best things EVER!  I tried their Special Banh Mi (the one with 3 different kinds of pate) and it was excellent!  Especially with the pickled carrots and radish on top.  Add some cilantro and some hoisin inside!  Instant yummification.  I'm hooked on these now and have one every time we go.  I've tried a few others since then, the chicken and the beef.  I like em all.  Their pho is good too, their broth isn't as salty as some of the other Vietnamese places here.  That's a plus for me.  I love throwing in basil, bean sprouts, cilantro, mint....well all of it into that broth.  I don't normally like tripe or tendon...but damn, I'll eat it with this broth and all those veggies!From what I read, this place's banh mi is kinda expensive.  I see that Cali is a lot cheaper.  Still, $3.75 for one of these sandwiches ain't too bad of a deal...even though they used to be cheaper at one time.  Still beats selling a kidney to eat at a buffet!  Eat here if you lookin' for some good soup and a sandwich that won't break the bank.  Pho sho!
3	I totally agree with some of you Yelpers that came from Cali...cause I was a So. Cal gal myself. Your paying twice as much for a sandwich that doesn't taste as good as Lee's Sandwich in L.A., but I'm getting to know Vegas and this place is the only place I know to get my Vietnamese Sandwich fix. Everything at this place is expensive. Was curious about the rest of the food from this restaurant so I brought my hubby back to try, I had the Banh Cuon (a soft rice roll with ground pork filling served with Yam chips/Vietnamese Ham/Shrimp green bean cake and bean sprouts), my husband had the Rice dish with BBQ Cornish Hen and Pho Dac Biet. I have to say...their foods are tasty because they put TONS of MSG in everything except the sandwiches. There was so much MSG in their food that it gave me a headache and I was so thirsty for the entire day.
4	Everytime I go here I always have the house special banh mi.  I've never been to Banh Mi Cali or Lee's Sandwiches or whatever it's called so I can't compare, but for me this is the only place for banh mi.  I'd give it 5 stars if they'd stop raising the damn price all the time.  Hell it was $2 not that long ago and now it's up to $3.50.  The durian smoothie that I get all the time used to be $3.25 or something and now it's close to $5.  Despite the price I still come here all the time to get a couple of house specials and a durian smoothie.  Give it a shot if you haven't yet!
2	Banh mi sandwiches were small, bread wasn't that good, and overall I was very underwhelmed. The ones at that place by UNLV are SO much better! I had the house special.. it was pretty gross. The meats were icky, hard to chew, and tasted god awful. The pork one was ok, but didn't compare to others I've had. The fiance added some coconut "paradise" shrimp to the order.. they were GROSS. The shrimp were mushy .. no shape to them at all.. just like eated mashed shrimp. Overall I'd stick to other banh mi places in the future..
3	If you're in the mood for a cheap, quick lunch, Hue Thai can certainly fit the bill.  I stick mostly to the sandwiches, of which the standouts are the Chinese Meatball and the Sunshine Egg.  I get the Pho on occasion, but there's better Pho right down the street if you're really in the mood for it.The drinks are outrageously priced compared to the sandwiches.  The Snow bubbles are good, but boy do they cost.  When your egg rolls cost you more than your sandwich... hmm, yeah.Also, if you are heading towards the mall it is in via spring mountain, use the western entrance above the mall, and you can park on the 2nd level for quick access to the restaurant without having to hike up and down the steep stairs!
4	I like this place...it seems like there are a lot of reviewers from Cali who don't give it too high marks; and, yes, if you compare it to food from Little Saigon in OC, well, you're probably not going to think it's the best.But for Vegas, it's pretty damned good.  Slightly expensive, yes ($3.50 for a banh mi seems a little high...) but it's one of the few places in town that serves broken rice in their rice dishes.  And I find the food to be consistently good!
4	My family eats here all the time.  The food is great, the staff is friendly and they are quick!
3	I compared the banh mi here with Pho Nhu Y (down the street) and Pho Thanh Huong Restaurant (the one by UNLV).  This sandwich came in a close second to Pho Nhu Y.  It is a truly beautiful sandwich but a little overpriced.I ordered the House Special.  It measures 9" long and is served on very pretty bread with fresh ingredients and a good amount of meat for $3.76.Super fast service, it took about 45 seconds for them to make the sandwich.See full review of all three sandwiches at:www.DeepFriedKimchee.com
3	The french bread for their sandwiches are fresh and good. But the ingredients that goes into the sandwich is pretty skimpy. The meat is sliced as thinly as possible. The bread is thin and long- for less ingredients (?). The service is typically vietnamese- in and out..rush rush..less talking more eating....They have a big menu. Their pho is artificially flavored. How can one tell? If after a bowl of pho and one's palette is constantly thirsty, it's all the MSG that was used for flavor in the soup. It's a-ok because it will help the day go by but there is no quality in the food, just quantity.
3	Pho Nhu Y sandwiches suck now so by default the slightly overpriced but very pretty banh mi served here at Hue Thai are the best I know of in LV until I find some place better.
3	I go to so many Vietnamese restaurants and it is starting to taste the same. This place is not the best but satisfies my pho addiction. The sandwiches are good but a bit expensive at $5+ a sandwich. They have a very wide selection of entrees. For me, the less selection the better the quality because they can give extra "attention" to the dishes. This place serves smoothies and boba teas. Hue Thai is A-OK
3	It pains me to have to make this review so mediocre...  I used to really love this place. Hue Thai has lots of variety of food.  And a lot of it is pretty good, too.  The problem here is the price.  They used to be really cheap; a good value and inexpensive food.  But since their popularity grew, they started to increase their prices significantly!  The banh mi is still good, though in comparison to other places (Pho Thanh Huong) the size is way too small, and the price way too high.  The pho is good too.  Another plus is the fact that the food comes out almost instantaneously.  They have big TVs on the walls and always have nice music.  There's good and bad here.  Another drawback is that it's either cash, or spend more than $20 to pay by credit.  This is a completely ridiculous rule that has now caused them to lose a customer forever.  I know very well the rationale behind it, and I know I should feel thankful that they now accept credit cards at all, when they didn't for so many years, but it really set my friend off today, especially since we were trying very hard to save money by sharing and so forth.  Our total check was $10, but we had to spend $20 to pay because we only had credit.  He vowed never to come back.  For my part, I might, but only when someone else suggests it.  Sorry, Hue Thai, I wish I could've given you better.
4	So many choices on the menu, dont know where to start.  The food was excellent.  Minus one star because the service was super bad.  We placed our order and it literally took over 15 mins to get our food.  On top of that the table next to us got their food before ours but we arrived way before them.  So that kinda ruined my appetite.  Actually, not really.  I still inhaled the whole platter.  Right after a good day at the Mandalay wave pool, Hue Thai is the spot to eat :) Lots of seating provided.  Price is also reasonable.  Forgot to take photos of my food, because i was so hungry.  Had to eat, before I start throwing a BF!
3	The Asian food was decent here for Las Vegas. This restaurant seemed to be tucked away in the corner of a mini-Asian shopping mall. For a Thursday, it wasn't too busy so for our party of 10 or so, it was easy to get a table. You can get authentic Vietnamese food and I hear the sandwiches are good. I haven't tried the Thai food, but I don't know how I feel about Vietnamese chefs preparing Thai so I'd steer away from that.I was just visiting out of town but the meal didn't seem all too pricey. Plates are big so I recommend sharing amongst others. Try it if you're sick of Vegas buffets!
2	i heard all the rant and rave from yelp and one of my vietnamese friend from dallas LOVES this place, over my favorite pho saigon 8... but i didnt think this place was all that great. i love food, and its not usual that i give 2 stars but... im giving this place 2 stars... because i kno where there are better places to eat in las vegas.yes this place is in the 2nd main chinatown mall so if u are around here, order here for convienience. Its inexpensive.i have only had the banh mi here, which is supposed to be what they are known for and i am not impressed. i will go back one day to try some rice plates or noodles. will update if i change my mind!!!
4	thought this was a great place.  Maybe be better but we enjoyed our pho.
3	I haven't been to this place in a couple years but I remember my experience here. The sandwiches are just ok and a bit pricier than most around. Good drink selections. Never tried the Thai food here. Service wasn't bad. Clean restaurant.
3	The best thing that I enjoy in this restaurant are the Vietnamese sandwiches. The rest of the selections are too Americanized.  I give it 3 stars for the Vietnamese sandwiches and minus 2 stars for not being authentic enough.
3	I come here almost every Saturday to pick up Vietnamese sandwhiches. They are a bit far for me but it's good. The pho is good too here. They have an assortment of drinks too but my bf likes the food because it's from the Hue region and has dishes you would not normally find elsewhere. We usually get this pork jelly wrapped in banana leaf, and this small white gelatin like dish with shrimp on top. Both are like appetizers.
5	Vietnamese food is my one true edible love.  Hue Thai makes me fall to my knees in an amorous swoon.  What does that tell you?  This restaurant smells overpoweringly of delicious charbroiled meat.  The sandwiches are big, filling, and cost no more than $4.  I also ate the coconut milk seafood soup, which was overloaded with fresh lemongrass and lime leaves, and a very filling banh dish of rice noodles, charbroiled beef, egg roll, and veggies.  I've eaten a lot of Vietnamese and Thai food in Vegas and it's always left me cold.  (Lotus of Siam and the 7 Courses of Beef at Lemongrass Cafe are the exceptions.)  Hue Thai restores my faith and does it at a hell of a price, and I love the huge menu of color photos.  My girlfriend even loved this place, and she doesn't know Vietnamese food from canned Chop Suey.
4	Pho Hue Thai - good stuff.  Prices are a skosh on the high side for what you get (ok, like $1 more than what you think the pho should cost), but this restaurant is really large, so I guess they have to pay the rent.  Also, in fairness, they are generous with the meat served with the Pho.We ordered the Pho tai and Pho ga.  The pho was very very good - among the best I've ever had.  Admittedly, I didn't grow up on pho, but I'm a regular pho eater for 10+ years, so I know good from re-warmed.  Tasty broth and meat portions were generous.  Noodles were undersupplied in my bowl.Also ordered a sandwich to eat later.  Well-made & tasty, but could have had more jalepeno.One star off for the slightly higher prices & the noodle amount, but this was our first visit & we are still enthusiastic about going back again soon.
4	went here today for lunch.  and as usual its good stuff!!!had a charbroiled pork bahn-mi and a nice hot steamy bowl of the beef pho.  nothing like boiled cow parts, noodles and broth on a cold winter day.prices are very fair, service is terrible, but to be expected in a place liek this for the price. ill be back!
2	I am still a newbie when it comes to eating Thai food.  I tend to not venture to far from Tom Kha or your basic bbq thai.  I had a Restaurant.com coupon for Pho Hue Thai, so I took a friend and checked it out.We ordered the Tom Kha first but it arrived last.  It was as I expected but the chicken was chewy like rubber.  It tasted fine but the texture threw me off quite a bit.We also ordered the Lemongrass Chicken and Ginger Beef plates.  The beef was excellent but the chicken was not what I expected.  I've had Lemongrass chicken before and the taste was more like a curry flavor than lemongrass.  Perhaps it was my lack of understanding in what this type of Thai food was; if so I will have to educate myself further.The prices were not too high and the selection overall was very good.  The sandwiches I was told are excellent and great for lunch (it is close to work, so I may have to go back).  The location is kind of hard to find in the three story shopping center on Spring Mountain (its in the far Southwest corner of the building on the second floor.  The electronic sliding doors to the restaurant are a weird but nice touch (don't have to get any germs by grabbing the door).I may go here again with another coupon but would not recommend going here otherwise.
4	The Place: Clean, Casual, Local FeelThe Service: FAST, Inviting, FriendlyThe Food: Great Variety, Flavorful I go here about 3 times a week. Food is flavorful & Cheap! Sandwiches are $3.99 or LessPho is $8.00 or LessFavorites #2, #19, #87
4	4 stars for Spring roll only!Don't know when that I start like their Spring rolls, I just order it again again and again again and again again and again! Everytime get the same thing, and must get SPRING ROLL !!! I don't have too much experiences on other food but I'll try my best to take pictures on the real food if possible :) This place is on the corner of 2nd floor inside 'some' plaza (sorry! I'll update plaza's English name tomorrow). It looks like a 'to-go' places but tables are avaible and pictures on the wall that make you easy to order the one you like + they have sandwiches as well, which the sandwiches are totally different than subway or any other American's style.. it's traditional Vietnamese fusion!
3	Hue Thai is like a Vietnamese Walmart, it has everything, but that doesn't mean its good. Its one of those places you come to that everyone in your group will find something they'll like. Nothing is special however. They have pho, spring rolls, banh xeo, banh mi, and the list goes on and on. The pho is just okay. Broth had some flavor, but nothing special. Noodles was flavorless and the ingredients were satisfactory. You likely won't be disappointed, but you won't be impressed either.The house special banh mi is toasted nicely in their house made bread. The meats and ingredients are good, but a little spicy. I'm not a big fan of spicy food, but I'll still order this. Just be sure to remove the chili paste inside if you don't like spicy food. If you never had banh mi, you'll enjoy it. But if your like me who had banh mi, it'll just taste okay. The banh xeo, or soft taco according to one of the waiters (*facepalm*) is a yellowish pancake/crepe like with meats, onions, and bean sprouts. This place likes to load up on the bean sprouts, so there isn't that much meat. It also wasn't crispy when its served. Disappointing. The spring rolls here pales in comparison to the one at Bosa 1. Its just lacking the extra flavor of meat to tie in the spring roll together.This place has almost every Vietnamese food, but the quality of each item is lacking. A great place for groups with difference preferences, just don't expect the best.
4	There grilled pork bah ming is awesome.  The other things there are whatever but this sandwiches is one of the best things around.  Its an amazing combo of all the flavors and textures that makes asian food so delicious all in a hand held package.  The other sandwiches are like 3 bucks but this one is just a little under 4.  They bake their own bread and they serve it warm and crusty.  The meat is hot and grilled fresh in a sweet marinade, crusty bread, cool crisp veggies, creamy mayo, and a with a llittle hot sauce I add it's just perfect.
4	They say "you don't know what you have til it's gone.." Well, this is how I've been feeling whenever I think about Bale sandwiches from back home in Honolulu. Basically, vietnamese sandwiches better known as bahn mi.I've been on the endless search for these sandwiches...I, literally, drove up and down Spring Mountain looking for this place.I think my endless search has, FINALLY, ended. =) YES, I can breath a yummy sigh of relief!!!!!Not only is the bread to-die-for because they're soft and sweet but, the price is better than expected. ONLY $4 for a sandwich. Expect to see me there more often. Foursquare mayor of Hue Thai better watch out...Imma be checking in there more often!!!!!!!!!!
3	Came here late night a few months ago with a old lady at the door/taking orders (maybe the owner?) and was there comfortably an hour before closing but I was hurried like they were going to close up any moment. I got a menu and it was literally" what do you want?" as soon as it was in my hands. I should have taken that as a sign as to leave. I tried to order the beef jerky plate. "We out. What do you want?" Jeez. Give me a moment. Got the charbroiled pork and eggroll rice plate. BF just got more eggroll. Later he decides to get a boba shake which was met with a bit of attitude. The pork was nice and juicy and the eggrolls were pretty good...the prices were on the low side so not bad at all for what you get. Food was good, but it was unpleasant to be there so I havent been back.I heard it recently has new management so I will give it another try. I do want to try the beef jerky and papaya salad plate. It's my favorite combo put together!
5	This place has the best Bahn Mi!!! Bread is fresh baked and you can tatse the difference, crispy crust and light and delicate inside. I have not found a better baquette in Las Vegas. 5 stars because this place has everything from congee, bahn mi, bahn coun, pho, etc. This is the only place I have found that has such a large selection and most of it is really good outside of Santa Ana. I didnt try the chinese dishes here though, not a believer of eating outside the scope of what the place is known for. If you got a group that likes different things this place is perfect.
3	this review is for non banh-mi stuff. i didn't get a chance to try it so ignore me if that's what ur curious about.this place is alright. 3 stars is pretty appropriate. my guess is that they tried a little hard to do too many things (their menu is ridic long) and so ultimately don't excel at anything. didn't have anything that was bad at least though. i know everyone takes their fish sauce a little differently but there's was much too sweet for my taste.
3	I can't help myself.  Whenever I go here, it's because I'm dying to go here for one thing: the vegan "shredded pork" with vermicelli and some "pork" eggrolls.  So, I can't tell you about lots of menu items.  I CAN tell you that this one is delicious.  Hue Thai has standard meaty Vietnamese fare: noodles soups, banh mi, bun, etc.  And for the adventurous meaties, you can get tripe and blood cubes and all the extra parts.  But I can't rate how that tastes! I can say that they have a fairly large vegan/veggie menu with faux meats (I've tried the pork, which appears to be shredded tofu and the lemongrass chicken - ok, gluten-based).  You can even get faux pho with a variety of fake meats, but I was not impressed.  The broth had no flavour at all to me.  They also have all the standard boba-fiable drinks, most of which can be made with soy milk.  Reasonably priced, fairly fast service, and close to Ronald's Donuts!! (If you're vegan and don't know about Ronald's Donuts.... you need to google/yelp/whatever that shit immediately.)
2	Everyone knows that I only come to Hue Thai to order the Vietnamese sandwiches! Today is a rough day with many deadlines to complete, so skipping lunch hour and ordering in for pick up. My order was specific, simple and to the point:4 Charbroiled chicken sandwiches in separate bags2 siracha and 2 hoisin sauces in each bagsI guess  my co-worker that picked it up should have checked, nonetheless once we received our 4 sandwiches without any sauces and all in one bag....I was perturbed! Taking off one star for take out and for their poor listening skills!
4	Got sick of the strip and needed some good Asian food on my last visit. My local friend recommended this place to me, so I suggested it to the group I was with and they were in. We hit this place up in a group of about 15 or so. They seated us right away and the service was good. Everyone liked the food a lot and even when one of the orders was wrong (it was missing some meat) they corrected it and gave us free stuff to make up for their mistake, which we didn't even feel was necessary, but we're Asian, so YAY FREE STUFF!
2	Like I have said before, one should try something at least 3 times before x'ing it, and I sure did for this restaurant.My friend and I have ordered different stuff to try and find something that I would like...I have gift certificates.  These are the items I have tried:-Grilled Pork Rolls (had better at Bosa Restaurant)-House Special Sandwich (Mayo??? WTH?  Can't they just whip up some egg whites and oil?)-Beef Stew w/French Roll (very bland)-Curry Goat w/French Roll (Goat was like rubber, very chewy)-Combination Flower Roll (this is usually my favorite, but not here)-Combo Pork and Egg Rice Plate (wasn't good, but maybe it's because they lost the ticket and didn't get this dish out until 45 mins later)Maybe it's because of such an extensive menu, so attention isn't being put into any individual item, but that's not an excuse it is?  I've been watching alot of Kitchen Nightmares, and if they cut down their menu, the food maybe better.However, I won't be returning to this restaurant, probably ever again. :(
4	The combination banh mi was good. The bread made all difference! It had just the right amount of crunch to it, but yet fluffy on the inside. I'll be back for more!
4	This is my favorite restaurant here for vietnamese-french sandwiches. I like # 116- charbroiled chicken sandwich for $3.99. It is the perfect blend of east meets west- the fresh baked french bread, the meat, the crunchy asian blend of veggies: cilantro, long strips of carrot and jicama, and sauce-mmmmmmmmmm. Yes, it's my fave asian sandwich in LV. (Yeah, I must be one of the few reviewers with positive things to say.) My husband prefers the stir-fry dishes and the spring rolls- pretty good and reasonable too. I haven't had a bad experience here ever in regards to the food, other than the service was ok, a little rushed. Also available are boba drinks. We took a friend here and the line to get seated was almost out the door (tells you how popular this place is). Service was alright, better when it's not so busy. If you don't want to wait, place your order for take-out or try to get there early if it's around the holidays. Participates in the www.restaurant.com certificates program. I feel a craving building up- looks like a visit in the near future is in order.
4	Hue Thai is two different restaurants: one serves some of the most amazing sandwiches ever made on delicious French bread, the other serves decent, but completely unremarkable Vietnamese and Thai dishes.Our table ordered Pad Thai with tofu, Curry Chicken, Thai Chicken with basil and the Beef Brisket sandwich.  The Pad Thai was sadly bland. The Curry Chicken was made with the leftover parts of the chicken after all the prize meat was used elsewhere.  And the Thai Chicken was disappointingly spice-less and made with ground chicken that had very little flavoring (the basil was fresh, though).  But the Beef Brisket.  Oh man, the beef brisket.  That sandwich should be listed with Cappriotti's Bobbie as one of the best sandwich tastes in this town.  I am considering employing a runner part time simply to head over to Hue Thai every lunch and get me a beef brisket sandwich.  It only took one order for me to be obsessed.
5	I read the review on Best Sandwiches in the Review Journal. I had the Beef Banh Mi. I sat in the parking lot with my sandwich debating whether or not to go back upstairs and buy another one. Well i ate it when i got home. And it was Delicious. It was sweet and the beef was plentiful. The Vegetables had a snap crispness to them. Not sure about anything else on the menu, but definitely try the sandwiches.
4	They have theee best baguettes there for 65 cents. I ordered #20, which was called "Banh Mi Bo Kho" (Beef Stew with French Roll), and a Vietnamese ice coffee. The service was quick! The beef was soo flavorful, and the bread was perfectly fresh. It was fresh out of the oven; The light glaze of butter made the outside crispy and it was soft and fluffy on the inside. The Vietnamese coffee was yummy, nice and strong with a hint of chocolate.  Just describing it makes me crave it again. I'm definitely going back!
5	Stick to the sandwiches and you'll be a happy camper. The grilled pork sandwich is still my favorite. I know it's probably the most popular sandwich on the menu because it's so middle-of-the-road, but the smokey flavor of the meat and the fresh french bread just makes me so happy every time.I only come here for the sandwiches. The pho is nothing to write about.
4	This place is kinda hard to find.  It is like on the second floor of a development/plaza.I consider this a bit of a hidden gem.  Overall, they serve very good and authentic vietnamese food.  The various bun cuon and bun are great and the prices are right on the mark.  We like the coconut drinks and Thai Tea.  Don't order the Bolboa tea here... I was a bit disappointed.  By the way, the best Bolboa tea in Vegas is down the street in the main chinese complex -- it is call Volcano tea (see my review).  Going back to Hue Thai, my wife and I like to buy our bread here.  They make it from scratch and it is always warm and soft.  Recommendation, when you buy bread, request that they give you the ones that are cooking or that just got takened out of the oven ~ there is an oven out in open view that you can choose the bread... Well worth it!Service -- surprisingly very good.  They do a good job of filling your glass and following up with your order.  Staff is extremely friendly. Atmosphere - well, it is dark.  I don't care too much for the aquariums and blue tint...  They could organize the dining area better.  It does seem like a cafeteria...Overall, we highly recommend this place.  This is one of our favorite vietnamese places in Las Vegas - China Town....
3	So far, I have just ordered a few banh mi off the menu and ordered take out. It's great that they make their own bread-you can definitely taste the difference.The star so far to me is the charbroiled pork sandwich. The chicken is good also but there is a sweetness in the pork one that helps with the heat from all those huge jalapeno slices. The sandwiches are around $3.50 to $4, which is cheap food, but banh mi can be had for cheaper in Vegas and if these guys were in California everyone would complain about the exorbitant prices! I'm not really complaining, the sandwiches are good so until I find something better and cheaper...I ordered the spring rolls with shrimp and pork today, and they were ok but not something I will order again, I have had much better elsewhere. I also ordered an iced black coffee with condensed milk. It was pretty good, but my cup was 3/4 ice and a little coffee; I wish there was more coffee.
4	My friends took me here. I guess this place serves primarily Vietnamese food and some Thai food. One of the things I like about this place is that their entire menu is in pictoral form so you can discern what you are actually eating.I mistakenly thought we were eating family style but we actually ate our own individual dishes. My friend ordered appetizers: cripsy fried egg rolls and these interesting gelatin things topped with some orange stuff in a tiny dish. It was good when you add the fish sauce on top of it. I also ordered Pho Tai. It was pretty good due to its hearty beef broth. At least they give you large glasses of water. The decor is pretty interesting, at least it is not drab like many vietnamese restaurants.Overall this place is much better than some of the typical Vietnamese places in terms of cleanliness.  If you compare Vietnamese restaurants, this is probably a better place to eat due to its cleaner environment. I would say that I would have rated this place a 3.5 stars.It would be interesting if I ever came back here, I would be curious to try their sandwiches.
3	Not too bad Pho! Ordered pho a couple of times here but it seems to me that it has changed since the last time I was here. I'm not an onion fan at all and when they brought the soup out I saw onions. Usually it's just broth, noodles and whatever meat which a little bit of green onions. But this time they added onions...totally disappointed. The soup was good and to top it all off you can create your own for $7.95. Their watermelon juice is delicious, you can tell it's fresh. Strawberry slush was way too sweet! Overall, this place was okay! The service was kind of slow, it took about 10 minutes for us to order and I had wave the waiter down to try to get the their attention. Prices are great, clean, and cool fish tank in the middle for the kids to enjoy.
4	Hue Thai is a great place to get some Vietnamese sandwiches.  I've been here many times just to grab a perfect lunch of Roasted Pork Bahn Mi with a Thai iced tea.  The whole lunch comes out to about $6, and that's mostly the cost of the Tea.  The sandwiches are cheap, but not too large, so if you're really hungry you might want to get two.  The decor is nice, and all the wall are covered in painting that makes it look like it's underwater.  Kinda random, but pretty funny and cool.  It makes the restaurant look much cooler than it would without it, that's for sure.  There is also a large fish tank in the middle that kind of connects the dots on why the wall paper, but still doesn't connect all the dots.  Anyways, I would highly suggets Hue Thai for anyone looking for a great Vietnamese sandwich and Thai Tea.
1	Today was my first time in this restuarant with a party of eight including myself. I ordered a bowl of pho & spring rolls. The pho didn't have much flavor to it (i've had A LOT better). The spring rolls were a bit smaller than I expected & were a bit bland. Also, the server had repeated our orders to make sure there weren't any mess ups. He ended up bringing us an extra sandwich we didn't ask for.When it came down to the bill, we had two cards & the rest cash. We asked our server to split our bill & he said it wasn't possible. Wasn't possible?! I took a look at the receipt & noticed it was a printed one & then on the bottom was a hand written gratuity & grand total! What the... I've never seen a partial print, partial hand written receipt before. The server then brought the manager over who then said the same, that splitting the bill was not possible. That their cash registers do not allow them to do that. He then walked away & our party was stuck. While we were deciding on how to pay for the bill, the manager came back a few minutes later & said he could split the bill. All of a sudden right?! After he just told us that it wasn't possible?!After all of the splitting of bills was situated, I went to the register to pay on my boyfriend's card. He then told ME how much to put down as a tip. Really?! Just because their registers don't have an automatic gratuity set up. All in all, I felt that this restuarant was about lies & was very unorganized. Personally, I wouldn't come back because of that & its poor customer service.
3	I'm trying to expand my lunch options, so it was another banh mi stop. This time at Hue Thai. When I walked in on a recent Friday afternoon the place was empty except for one family eating lunch. The interior is dark and cavernous, with the walls and ceilings strangely painted with an underwater mural. That's not my idea of good interior design, but luckily I was getting my food to go.The meat in the BBQ pork sammie was very good, but there just wasn't enough of it. Compared to the size of the baguette and the veggie filling (carrots, daikon, cilantro, etc.) the ratio of ingredients was off. The quality of the bread, however, was good. The outside was crispy and the inside was soft and warm.I also got an order of the shrimp and pork spring rolls. It came two to an order. While they were both tightly packed and stuffed with veggies I can't say that they were very memorable and at $3.99 they were a little pricey.
3	Where's the butter in your bread??? Where's the seasoning??When I learned that Mr. Sandwich originated from Hue Thai, I had to go to the source of my Banh Mi cravings. I guess she didn't get it from her mama because the pork sandwich wasn't as good. If your bread is going to be soft, at least make it buttery like Mr. Sandwich. I do give points to the bbq pork because I can taste the charcoal flavors but there definitely wasn't enough pork or daikons. I always have an iced coffee with my sandwich and the iced coffee here is pretty bland. Next time I'd rather make the extra long commute and get Banh Mi my way: buttery and seasoned.
4	This place specializes in Vietnamese sandwiches and everyone I know raves about them. I am not partial to sandwiches, but their pho is wonderfully rich and complex. Lots of accompaniments and they are always fresh. I like the lightly fried tofu, but all of them are yummy.
2	When Hue Thai first opened a few years back, it was an enjoyable place to go.  They had very good service, and many times the owner would come say hello and ask you about your food.The place has been through a few owners; and with the change, the service has also worsened.  I say this with the consideration that it's a mom & pop Vietnamese restaurant and those are expected to have erratic service.  At some point, the management decided to serve more than just Vietnamese food, you will find various Thai dishes on the menu.  Variety may be the spice of life in a food court.  But in an Vietnamese restaurant aimed for authenticity, a hodgepodge of mediocre Southeast Asian cuisine will not do. Vietnamese sandwiches (banh mi) are the unique feature of this restaurant.  And even though most non-Vietnamese will order the combination sandwich, I urge you to try the egg banh mi.  The eggs are cooked sunny-side-up and a tad runny.  The soft yolk soaks into the crusty baguette and gives a sumptuous cheesy taste in combination with the pate.  Being that they make the bread on the premise, it is very fresh and delicious.I hope the service will improve before Lee's sandwiches opens down the road.
3	I love Bahn Mi sandwiches and so I try them where ever I travel, this place has great French bread that they use for their sandwiches and also they are visually appealing in presentation. When you pull into this strip mall do yourself a favor and go to the very last entrance furthest from that way you will end up on the 2nd level the same as the restaurant otherwise you will be climbing the stairs to get your bahn mi.  The overall taste is of the #19 Charbroiled Pork Bahn Mi Was good but not awesome, I don't know what they are missing but I have not found a sandwich yet that touches Ba Le in Chicago......
5	Just being in Chinatown is already a cool adventure. You're always bound to try something new or go out of your limits. My boyfriend took me here. It's amazing how they cramped in an underground parking. It's pretty convenient.This place is legit! They have these automatic sliding doors. And these blown up pics all over the outside windows. Maybe for tint?? IDK. Okay, okay on to the main thing.. They sat us with the view of this fish tank. So first I ordered a taro ice blended drink. For my main meal I orderded this dry noodle bowl with BBQ pork and egg rolls. Maan! I got addicted to it. It's now one of my favorite things to get.They also have these vietnamese sandwiches of course. Their bread is the best I've tasted in Vegas so far. Toasty French bread with BBQ pork or chicken. With fresh ingredients such as carrots, thin slices of jalapenos, LOTS of cilantro! The theme is pretty cool.. I mean it is under the sea. I'd say this place is good to bring lots of friends. This place is huge and has many tables for huge groups.
5	I do believe this is my second review for Hue Thai. Well at least maybe this one can be for their new sign that they put up. Although, it may not matter much.. I do like the old sign better..Anyway.. The point of this review was mainly because I made a new discovery here. You can prolly say I'm the last to know, but all that matters is that I.. Got to experience it for myself. Here goes the BIG news! I ordered my usual grilled pork sandwich. It's been cold lately so, I've been thinking soup all week long.. I discovered, what is making my heart race at this very moment, THE CHICKEN COCONUT SOUP!! And here's the best part... Dipping my sandwich into the soup!So, there it is... FIVE MORE gleaming stars for this place. That should be enough bling for you to try it already.
3	I really like this place since they offer both Vietnamese sandwiches, pho, and Thai food! Usually at a pho place, I dont see Vietnamese sandwiches on the menu, and I definitely dont see Thai food. This place is great if you cant make up your mind. Their pho is pretty comparable to Pho Kim Long, but Hue Thai's are actually larger servings. Also, their vietnamese 'special' sub is amazing! I was looking for a vietnamese sandwich all week long, and it hit the spot. The price was really good too!  I take one star off because somehow they ran our of chicken? For Chicken Satay. I dont know how that happens when alot of the menu has chicken ingredients. Weird
4	Love going here for the grilled pork banh mi sandwiches! Pho is pretty good too. Service is iffy - sometimes it's good (like the one we got today).. other times it's horrible- they ignore you until you flag them down.
5	I'm so glad that my good friend C-Los introduced me to this spot. Because now, I won't go anywhere else for Vietnamese sandwiches.  Hue Thai has a very nice ambience to it.  It's not too dim, not too bright, and they play BOND and KPop.  As for the food, it's excellent! The bread for the sandwiches are always warm and fresh. (because they bake it right inside the restaurant). The BBQ pork sandwich is my regular here, and if I'm extra hungry, I get the egg sandwich too. It has all the same ingredients as the BBQ pork sandwich, but instead of pork, there's a hot fluffy scrambled egg inside.  The rice plates are filing too, and some of them come with what they call an egg loaf. Don't know what's in it but it's hella good.  Hmm.. what else? The COCONUT CHICKEN SOUP!!! It goes so well with your sandwich.  It's all vegetables and chicken, and very generous with the chicken.  It's perfect!Hue Thai is a place to brag about to your friends. I think it's safe to say that just about everything on the menu is on point!
4	I don't usually go here for the food, but I usually come here for their drinks and desserts. The boba is cheap and pretty solid in flavor. The food is pretty good for the most part and their menu is extensive. They have great prices and a wide variety of options. Definitely make room for dessert at this place.
4	I come here for the 4 dollar sandwiches.  But I think this place serves the best avocado milkshake pearl drink. The food they serve on their menu is satisfying with the soups they serve. I love the idea that when a customer makes a order, they electronically enter in your order on a wireless device. I think the service is okay, sometimes its slow but it depends on the server.
5	Love this place. Everytime I'm in Vegas, I'll always stop by here for a meal at least two to three times.  The sandwiches are delicious, and the bread is really soft.  Noodles are good, as well as the Vietnamese appetizers.  I've tried a few other dishes as well but none are as delicious or as impressive as the items I mentioned above.  Also, great price.
4	ohemgee.The best bahn mi, I've ever had.  Reasonable priced enough for me to get a sandwich and a bowl of pho.  This place is definitely the spot to go to after a drunken Vegas trip, or in the middle of a drunken Vegas trip...or just to go to if you're just passing by.The pho is very good...not the absolute best I've had but definitely not bottom of the barrel.  The real reason to go, like mentioned above, is for the bahn mi.  I think everyone I've taken here has said the same thing about it.If you're looking for a quick recovery meal in Vegas, look no further than Hue Thai.
2	Mixed review for this trip.  The bahn mi was good, but a bit pricey compared to its competition.  My guests got their pho quickly, but I had to wait for my duck noodle soup.  I waited so long that they were almost done before mine arrived.  Come on, this is service 101, deliver the food together.  There were only 2 other people in the place.  No excuse for bad service.  More importantly, the duck noodle soup wasn't very good.  The duck was tough.
4	I like this place since I'm a vegetarian sort of...  They have the fake beef, chicken etc., almost tastes the same - they call it Mimic, not sure they used that term but what the hey it taste good.  The atmosphere is nice and clean and easy to park.  I've been there several times and they never fail me.  I always eat everything on my plate, yummy
3	We wanted to try a different place for pho, so we stopped by here (by mistake).  The place is interesting, featuring this underwater theme.  They have great milk teas and penny wort juice, and their pho is pretty decent.  The only issue I have is that the noodles are clumped as if it was cooked, sat in the bowl awhile and then had hot soup poured over it.  That was a turn off.  Their cha gio is okay, but not the best I've had.  It's a  nice place to stop late at night for some milk tea or boba, though.Not too impressed, but decent food.  I honestly wouldn't make this a regular stop, though.
4	If you are looking for authentic Asian cuisine in Las Vegas, Hue Thai is about as good as it gets. Big portions and great pricing. For those of you interested in what to order, try the Hu Tieu Trieu Chau for lunch, it consists of vermicelli noodles, some seafood, beef and pork. Always a fav for me here! Top that off w/ an order of thai ice tea and you'll be good until dinner.
5	Saw it reviewed in the RJ.Been here 2 x in 3 weeks.Had great Bahn Mi sandwiches, Pho, Pad Thai, and, Basil Noodles.All were excellent.The sandwiches are just as good as any sub shop in town.
3	My first bahn mi experience so I have nothing to compare against. The bread was awesome crunchy and soft, flavor of grilled pork was great but it was a really stingy portion of meat for 3.99Also got viet iced coffee (think its called French style there). Yummy as always and I was bouncing off the walls soon enough. But it was packed to the very top w ice which means not a lot of coffee for 2.99So basically I'm a bahn mi fan now but likely won't go back to this specific place again. I keep hearing lees sandwich is supposed to be the best - anyone know when its supposed to actually open and if its same as one in LA?Oh and its a little scary that they had shrimp spring rolls just sitting in front of the cash register, not even on ice. If they think that's safe, makes you wonder what's going on in the kitchen.
5	Great Vietnamese food!! Lots of food options.  Great asian sandwiches and fresh fruit juices . love this place!
3	Hue Thai is one of those places that sell a lot variety of food and most of them are decent (not great, but). Their menu are composed most of Viet food and some Thai food. They are famous for Banh Mi (Vietnamese sandwich), which I think is good. Now here is why they deserve 3 stars instead of 4. First their price is a little higher than most other Vietnamese restaurant. Second, I found little roaches and ants near the area where they stack booster seat and high chairs. One time I went there to grab a booster seat, as soon as I picked up one of the seat, a bunch of roaches and ants started running out from underneath. It was so gross that I haven't back since. Now think about it this way, if there's so much of roaches here, imagine what their kitchen looks like. Anyway, enough detail about this, let move on to why not 2 stars. Well, I guess b/c sometimes I have to accept the fact that there are a lot of restaurants out there that don't put hygiene in their priority list (watch 20/20 lately? ) Overall, 2 and 1/2 stars.
5	This is one of my Favorite hot spots off the strip in Las Vegas. The People are friendly, the ambiance is colorful, and the food is tasty, fresh, and flavorful. I lover their Coconut tofu soup with no mushrooms, the Vegetarian Pho soup with all the trimmings, fried tofu, their Banh Mi French Vietnamese tofu Sandwich, and best of all the Boba Drinks !!!! My favorites are the milk tea, Thai tea, and honeydew. Although their Bobas are expensive, their well worth it. I can always count on Hue Thai for quality, fresh, yummy cuisine and Boba drinks.
3	This place is huge and has an equally huge menu to match. The place is a little dingy with a slightly murky aquarium, and certainly pretty popular.  The menu is authentic, with mainstream and bizarre Vietnamese specialties ranging from Thai influenced pad thai and coconut chicken soup, to bahn mi sandwiches and boba drinks; even fish balls and organ meats. The bahn mi bread looked crusty on the outside, soft on the inside, and very fresh. My glass noodle chicken basil stir fry was tasty. A solid Vietnamese stop in Chinatown.
3	Hue Thai is the Vietnamese restaurant I go to when either 1.  I'm in  a group where everyone has different tastes/likes and 2.  When it's either too early in the morning for any other Asian restaurant to be open.  Most dishes manage to just be average, perhaps due to it's expansive menu of Vietnamese and Thai dishes.A couple do shine... (only a little)1.  Banh Uot Cuon2.  Banh Uot - freshing dish of thin rice pancake filled with savory meat filling.  Top it with fresh veggies and nuoc cham = refreshing.3.  Banh mi - for the fresh bread, but the filling is often mediocre.4.  Rice dishesDishes that do not shine at all....1.  Banh Cuon - is that iceberg lettuce I see in there?  ew.Mediocre but edible1.  Pho anything2.  Bun Bo Hue3.  Banh CanhConclusion:  Go here if you're hungry and you have no where else to go.  It will get you over the hump until you find something better.
3	Good Bahn Mi. Not great, but good.
3	Went to this place a month ago when I had the sudden urge for a Banh Mi.Walked in, and there were only 2 other patrons inside the restaurant.Eh...Seated next to the fish tank, which was pretty cool. The decor is cheesy, the whole under the sea type feeling.Ordered the spring rolls & a sliced pork Banh Mi. My boyfriend ordered some type of pho.The spring rolls were decent.. Tried a taste of my boyfriend's pho, & we did not like it at all. The broth was flat, and it seemed to lack any flavor despite the amount of condiments we tried to add.I will say however, that the bread they use for their sandwiches is AMAZING. It was buttery, with just the right amount of crunch. It didn't cut the roof of my mouth like other places I've been to. Definitely will be coming back for a baguette.The staff seated us quickly, & was attentive to our needs.Gave it 3 stars for the bread & customer service.
4	Hue Thai,You saved my life one miserable Saturday evening ... after a rough start of not being able to eat, you saved me with your bun bo hue and banh mi.  You saved us all because you delivered the power of "delivery".  it only took an hour...but hey... i've been pretty much waiting all afternoon for this sh*t hangover to go away. Your faithful customer for life,B.
1	Baaaaaaaad Vietnamese food seriously how can they screw up banh cuon like this
3	I had better pho else where.  I tried the Pho Dac Biet .  Gave it 3 stars.  They got an alright fish tank, but nothing to brag about
2	it's suppose to be one of the best in vegas.... i was very disappointed... it could be because we got there at 10 pm on a sunday night, and they close at 11 pm... and we were the only people in the restaurant... but that's NO EXCUSE!!!1.  my cafe sua (vietnamese iced coffee)... there was sooooo much ice that hardly any coffee... i actually asked them to take it back, pour out half the ice... he came back with just less ice but same amount of coffee... he said it was soooo dark that he could give me half & half... what in the world????  and yes, it was super dark... but still, what in the world???2.  my pho:  the noodles were way overcooked... all the noodles were too chewy and stuck together... i had about half the noodles, and then i gave up... apparently banh mi here is good... but i was very disappointed with my meal... and the service... blah...
3	I came here with a couple of coworkers for lunch one day.  Overall, my coworkers liked the place.  I thought it was ok, but I don't know that I would return.  We ordered the Lemongrass chicken ($12.41), spicy beef and pork ($7.99), and the curry goat ($9.99).The lemongrass chicken was my favorite of the dishes.  It was a simple recipe of light, nearly BBQ-ish sauce on dark chicken.  The chicken was well prepared, and the sauce blended well with or without white rice to back it up.  The spicy beef and pork was actually pho, which we didn't realize.  It was also decent.  It had blood squares in it and a big ol' pigs foot.  The broth was okish, nothing great.  The goat curry was also more of a soup than a curry.  The curry was very light tasting, a little too light for my liking.  The goat was well prepared though.Overall Hue Thai is worth a try if you are looking for something a little different.  It is kind of a Vietnamese/Thai fusion place, but more on the Vietnamese side.  The service was friendly and helpful, so no problems there.  The place was fairly busy for a Tuesday afternoon.  I'd go back if someone wanted to try it, but otherwise this spot isn't one of my favorites.
2	I just came back from spending 3 weeks in Hue Vietnam, and was craving some Hue style cooking. The The menu was large, and so were the portions. We ordered 6 dishes and the bill came to $48. Sometimes, less is more. The large portion size changed the delicate French influenced flavors that I had fallen in love with in Hue. The Bahn Beo was way too thick, and the Banh Xeo was too large and the pancake too thin (even the sprouts were gigantic!) When I inquired, I was told it was Saigon style...? The Hue style pho just left me disappointed. The baguettes for making sandwiches were great. We asked for rice and a mocha drink, they never came to us, at least we weren't charged for them. This place was not a do-over for me. I will continue to search for authentic tasting VN cuisine.
3	Okay, I'm going to make this short and sweet. You are getting your money's worth with the food. If you dig a decent-portioned, simple sandwich for $3.99 (shredded chicken sandwich), it's well worth the purchase.If you can overlook the crappy service, then by all means, make a trip to Hue Thai.I will be back to try the egg sandwich.
4	I will stop in this restaurant whenever I'm on that side of town. I love the banh mi. Fabulous price, decent size portions, but the best are the freshly baked baguettes. We always buy extra baguettes to take home. I also love the pho. The decor is funky but I think that adds to its charm. The staff is friendlier when you've been there quite a few times. I've been going there for about 4 years. Service is quick, a bonus if you're in a hurry.
2	So many of my go to places for lunch are losing thier ratings. Went here for lunch today for the Banh Coun, one of the few places in vegas that offers it good and I was disappointed. The dish comes with Chai Lu, which is the pork meatloaf and the meat smelled and tatsed bad. It was probably too old or bordering it and they still put it in the dish. That is un-excusable. The plaza they are in is dying out fast, almost all the leases on teh 2nd floor are closed now. From the way it is going they may be next, it was really slow in there which explains the old products they use. They did open Mr. Sandwhich closer to the strip on the same street and most patrons might be going there now, I have gone to Mr. Sandwhich more than this place now too. Would not go there again.
4	I like hue thai!! a lot!!  It's located in a nice little plaza with a bunch of different asian shops, karaoke... and some other eating establishments.[patrons beware....] we went to Bazic for some Karaoke one night and our friends car got broken into in the parking lot behind hue thai.  :( anyway... hue thai!  love love love this palce.  we always start with the yummy spring rolls....always order a sandwich [usually Banh Mi Dac Biet which is the house special and my favorite!]and i always order a soup to go with my sandwich...both times i've tried two different soups1.  Pho Dac Biet : Combo Beef Noodle Soup ... YUM!and 2. Pho Tom : Shrimp Noodle ... YUM! ingredients are always fresh and portions are perfect. pricing on the other hand is a little higher then most, but... for the price the food is really good.  The waiters and waitresses are very helpful and patient when your reading and scoping the extensive menu... and the BOBA and special drinks.. forget it!  It'll take forever to decide.  but.... whatever yummy drink or sandwich you come out of that place with... you'll totally be satisfied!
3	The restaurant is located on the 2nd floor and sadly most of the other businesses in this plaza have closed.  Food is a mixture of Vietnamese and Thai.  When you first walk in the first thing I saw was a big menu of Vietnamese drinks.  I'm not a fan but was nice to see that they have a pretty decent selection.  Wish I took a picture of it.The menu has pictures of all their food along with their authentic names.  This was very helpful since I was with my folks and they were able to pick their own dishes.  We ordered the traditional spring rolls (cold w/ shrimp and peanut sauce) and the pork skin roll.  The spring roll seemed pre-made and not as fresh as I hoped.  Enjoyed the pork skin roll.Along with the many different soups you can "make your own" traditional pho with rare steak, brisket, tripe, meatballs etc.  I like Saigon 8's broth better but two others at our table really liked the pho broth.We also ordered the seafood vegetable dish and lemongrass chicken to share.  Was beyond satisfied with the chicken.  It's all dark meat with the bone but worth every bit of work.  The vegetable dish was average with shrimp and squid being the only seafood.  Bok choy was soggy and overcooked..
5	Two of us had a very enjoyable lunch here.  Yup, it's on the 2nd floor, so you have to look for this place.I second all the good reviews re food.Best selection:  young coconut from which you drink the water & using a spoon, scoop out the tender meat.  Try it, you'll like it
4	This place has over 100 menu items!   My buddy recommended this place and decided to give it a try.  After looking at their extensive menu, I decided to get Pho Tai, since this place is called PHO HUE THAI.  The portion was a good size, came with quite a bit of rare steak, and the broth was quite enjoyable.  One of the better Pho places that I have been to in Vegas.  I decided to throw a few beers back and was quite surprised at there selection of Thai beers. The next time I visit, I will definitely come back to Hue Thai.
4	Some of the best pho in Vegas.  The other items on the menu are solid too, including: congee, cuong thit nuong, the noodle dishes, and of course, the banh mi.The only issue is that I sometimes have GI problems after eating here...
3	We were not even planning on coming to this place. We first wanted to try ay-chung but to our surprise, it was closed...indefinitely. The only other place open in the strip mall was Hue Thai so we dropped in to see what this place is all about. Normally, we always go to this one pho restaurant in the huge strip mall in Chinatown but since we didn't want to drive anywhere, we sat down at this place. Its quite big as with all the restaurants in Vegas and it totally reminded me of a 88 Rice bowl where they had a wide variety of food besides Pho. I tried the bun bo hue here and it was pretty spicy but definitely as authentic as the ones in the Bay Area.The pho was decent but the portions were small. Most times, its the broth that makes the pho and the broth here was ok.Food Highlight: Vietnamese Iced Coffee
4	This review is based soley on the items I ordered: lemon grass chicken, ong choy with garlic sauce, catfish in clay pot (fish sauce - caramelized), fresh coconut juice still in the nut. I can say that all dishes were either very good or acceptable and more importantly authentic. Don't expect fancy decore or ambience here, the food is the thing here. Yesterday I tried the Circus Circus Casino buffet, which was not even close to the goodness of this place. So far, casino food sucks in Vegas.This is unfortunate since I was looking forward to some great dining experiences on this west coast assignment. Stay tuned for more reviews of strange new places, new civilizations, boldly going where many men have gone before...
5	Maybe someday ill actually sit down in here to eat my meal, as looking at fish swimming and then watching tv is kinda serene. But not this time. I definitely prefer Hue Thai over Mr Sandwich but thats my opinion. I didnt make the mistake this time and ordered 2 sandwiches. 1 The House Special and 2 The Charbroiled Pork Sandwich. The House special was delicious as always. Crunchy but soft bread. Fresh vegetables and whatever innards make it up with a tasty pate and it had some spice to it. But was sweet at the same time. Didnt have enough spice to make your nose run either. Havent tried the Charbroiled pork yet. BUT I did get a Smoothie. It was A Honeydew smoothie. And it was perfectly delicious, with the sweet honeydew flavor.
3	Hue Thai is a little sandwich place slash Vietnamese restaurant.I've been here a lot of times, mostly for sandwiches.The place is pretty big and has a huge selection.I'll say the service is pretty good, but speaking in another language is never appropriate-just makes it awkward for customers.It's definitely a solid place, but I can only base that off of the sandwiches. The food, itself, I haven't tried enough to say.It's located a bit away from china town.Overall nothing special.
5	I came here for dinner with my buddies for my birthday.  This place was recommended by a buddy of mine who lives in Vegas.  It's about 10-15 minutes off the strip.  Typical Vietnamese restaurant setting.We ordered two hot pots and a few side entrees (sorry, I can't remember the name of the dishes).  All were very good!!!  No disappointment there!  The staffs were quick and friendly.They were also very accommodating...maybe because one of my buddies asked them if they can bring out a cake-like-dessert to surprise and sing happy birthdate to me.  Turns out they didn't have any (at least that's what I was told)...but they improvised and brought out a red bean moon cake with candle and yes, they along with my buddy sang the birthday song to me.I will definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas and try other stuff or just stick with the hot pot again! =P
2	I ordered bun Bo hue remembering from a year ago how tasty it was. Boy, thing has changed for the worst. Their bun Bo hue was so bland, their broth tasted like it was run-down and the meat was stale furthermore, it was not the correct meat combination  a bun bo hue should have. To sum it up, it tasted nothing like Bun Bo hue. I was very disappointed. However, their service was a four star.
5	Hue Thai is not receiving the Yelp love that it should.  3 1/2 stars? What is this nonsense!?!Hue Thai, in my opinion, has the best banh mi sandwich in Las Vegas.  A bold assertion? Maybe.  Just try their house banh mi on a fresh-baked baguette and get back to me.  You may just join the pro-Hue Thai team.  The Vietnamese pancake may also seal the deal - it's mindblowingly good and packed with fresh veggies and taste.I'd also recommend one of their smoothies with boba--they have durian and jackfruit! As I love fruit that smells like death, their offering of durian alone nets them 5 stars.  Please note that, anyone, ANYONE, can find something to eat at Hue Thai.  Even that annoying friend that only orders chicken fingers would likely be happy here.  The menu is seriously longer than a Stephen King novel (but, not really).  P.S. If you stop in late, you may get some free baguettes!
4	The stars are for the food which is super good. I just wish the service was a bit better. I go there all the time. It seems like the day time servers are more attentive then the night servers.
4	Wow! The sandwiches are flat awesome! The bread is the perfect frech baguette; crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside. I had the charbroiled pork and the wife had the shredded chicken ($3.99 ea.) and both were wonderful. We split a bowl of Pho and that was just perfect! The flavors were subtle and complex. Service was spot on. Very friendly and helpful. This was our first time to a vietnamese restaurant. Definately on the PVO (places to visit often) list.
5	Vietnamese sandwich.  As good as they come in Vegas. If compared to to my California spots, it only deserves a 4 star but...hey for Vegas, its up there. Pro's: Lots of varies for sandwiches.... The sandwich is packed with meat and all the garnishes.  (I find Lee's and Thanh huong Restaurant to skimp me on meat and/or veggies. This place doesn't!) They use the Best Bread for their sandwiches..hands down.  Its super soft...and flavorful...sandwich surely doesn't get hard if you fridge it for a couple days. If you ask for extra veggies, they give it.  Oh, They also accept credit card, which is a must! Thank god!  This place also offers other tasty dishes.  I go here for their "Banh uot" too. Its kind of like Chow fun (flat rice noodle) in sheets, garnish with various things...among them...Veggies, Dry onions, pork patties, etc...and its prepared with the sauce to on the side to pour over.  If you like Vietnamese food, are adventurous ..(Like fish sauce) ....its pretty good.  Sorry, i don't remember the number I ordered.  A side note: they have pretty looking pictures for most if not all of their food.  So even if you don't know what something is called, just look at the images.  :) Great idea!Con's:Its kind of hard to find. Its location is inconvenient. If you know where SF supermarket is, its on the second floor of that plaza. Secondly, Its way far from me! I drive like 25 miles to get here...(Boo! lol)Price for the sandwiches around 3.50-4.00 .. a bit on the expensive side for me..since I am use to them being a bit less...If you love sandwiches...I say come here! I love this place #1, Mr. Sandwich falls into place #2 ....Then maybe...If i have to ...I settle for Lee's ... ( my number 3 choice)TTK
5	Excellent sandwiches, PERIOD!!!!!!!
4	Crazy how crowded this place gets on the weekends.  That's prolly why they lost our order for a bit...comped us with two loaves of their house made bread.  Yum.  As far as viet food goes, I was impressed by the variety of entrees.  Its not just the usual suspects on the menu.  I had the chicken salad with banana blossoms.  Not all that impressed since it was the same as the one with cabbage, but with a few blossoms thrown in.  And the nuoc mam was weak.  My fiancee had the fried noodles with seafood.  Probably as good as it gets at a restaurant.  Other dishes we tried were the hu tieu (sp?...ABV), again a little lacking on flavor...and the broken rice with pork and egg quiche...think it was #51...that was perfect.  My mother can really cook, and I lived in Northern Virginia near Eden for a long time...so my standards are high.  3.5 stars for the food and an extra 0.5 star for the variety.  That said, I have this silly craving for some viet bread with egg and soy sauce...so I'll be returning there for a pre flight meal.  O, I forgot to mention that my fiancee had the avocado smoothie and said it was the best he ever had.
4	I come here for the sandwiches and I keep coming back because it's just good food.  If you are looking for a place on Spring Mountain with sanwiches that are really worth it, look no further than Hue Thai.  It's a great place weather there are a couple of you or a whole crowd.  The menu is extensive although I think they cut out a couple pages since I was here last.  My test for a good Vietnamese sandwich is their grilled chicken, don't ask me why cause I wouldn't be able to tell you, but if they can do that well usually everything else takes care of itself.  Also try the Vermacilli bowls, and I'm not too sure if I spelled that right but I'll go with it anyway.  They have good portions and the food is always fresh and deliciouso.  Hit it up if you haven't already, because if you have you know what I'm talking about.  Oh, and they have everything from Boba to Pho to samiches....  So again, try it out, you won't be sorry.
1	"Excuse me waiter, there's a fly in my soup! A FLY IN MY SOUP!", nope, not just in children's books, it happened to me-- EW.Sandwiches were my go-to meal at this location when I would come visit but this particular day I had hankering for some Pho, so I ordered it, husband had a sandwich and the kid had the same thing that I did.The soup was flavorless, bland and tasted as though it were 3 days old and they were just reheating it in the microwave. To make matters worse (here's the kicker!) there was a fly in my soup. When we called over the waiter he asked me " Was it in the soup or was it flying around?", SERIOUSLY, does it fucking matter?! He was gracious, apologized and did take it off my bill but what he said was a dip shit thing to say. At one point I wanted to say "No Dude, I carry a baggie of flies in my purse to put into soup when they taste like shit to give it some flavor". Boy, you so stupid.Return visits are still questionable... The sandwiches, in the past, were amazing, but how will I know if my meal will be "bug-free"?Whomp, whomp, whomp-- FAIL.
3	Okay, I REALLY want to give this place 5 stars, but the service is just terrible. The food is amazing. The fresh spring rolls and peanut sauce are some of the best I have ever had, but every time I go (and I go, often) I wait 20 minutes just for my drink, and the food will take another 20-30 min, and then no one ever checks on me.If you aren't in a hurry and don't care about service, then you should be fine.
4	When I'm the only non-asian in a Chinatown restaurant, I know I'm in for  Dang good eats! The dark sea life murals on the walls and balmy smell hint to the former aquarium shop this restaurant probably replaced, but it all adds a hint of deep-blue-sea mystery to the very casual atmosphere. So casual, you'll need to walk yourself to the register after your meal to close your tab. As a self-confesssed Pho head, who also needs a meat-free option, home styl'in Hue Thai delivers with a wide range of textured soy products listed as "Mimic"  on the menu.     Let me introduce you to my fav mimic menu item #504 Atop a bowl of fresh greens, mint, mung sprouts and rice noodles, sits charbroiled tofu parading as roast pork. Shredded carrots and cucumber support a crisply fried veggie imperial roll. All for $ 6.95 with a bowl of sweet chili dipping sauce on the side.      They also do a veg version of a vietnamese roast pork sandwich on perfect french bread. Run don't walk, and also take the time to visit the asian food mart on the lower level before you head home.
3	My friends and I like coming here when we are in town because of the variety it has to offer..  They have Chinese, Vietnamese and Thai food AND they have a juice bar(smoothies, shakes, juices, coffee).  The pho/soup broths arn't that great here, so I would highly recommend other items other than soup... They have a lot of appetizers such as banh cuon, banh uot, banh bo loc, banh beo and many more.  Their fried eggs with french bread is good and their rice dishes are good too.. good portions so you can order family style and share.. Service is mediocre..
4	I would definitely go back to this place!it was a cold saturday a couple weeks ago and i just needed some warm soupie noodles and the bf suggested this place instead of the usual saigons so i opted to try this place out.  Good choice!  a must visit!I had:pho w/ tripe only.  Love love love! the soup hit the spot, delish and piping HOT!  that's how it should be in my opinion.  There wasn't a lot of tripe in my pho but that's ok, the soup is what really matters.  I love to add lots of lime/lemon to my soup and usually most pho restaurants are stingy about giving me more than 2-4 extras but they gave me a whole rice bowl full of them.  I WAS HAPPY!  the bf ordered:spicy basil chicken with rice.  It was amazing!  it was a good size portion with a lot of veggies, green beans, bell peppers and onions.  The basil was so good with all the other ingredients.  However, it's nothing really special so i wouldn't suggest it if something else on the menu strikes your taste buds.we shared:a hot bbq spring roll.  THIS MAKES ME DROOL!  i have never had a steamed spring roll before, this was my first and i would recommend this to everyone!  It was hot and sticky, came with the same fish sauce as they would serve with the fried egg rolls but then i added some sirarcha which made it even more mouth watering!Pros:good food, relaxed atmosphere and tvs that stream sports all day.  (good for football lovers or sports fans)cons:  slow service.  we sat ourselves, got the utensils ourselves.  they brought us the menu a few moments later after we sat down but still, no one acknowledged us until i started waving them down one by one.
1	If I had the option, I would not even give this place a single star rating. Absolute worst service. We had to stand in place waiting to order our boba drinks to go, and no one served us for several minutes. Later on, the guy came up to take our order, which was when we noticed he had been sitting at a nearby table eating away. When we asked him questions on the order, he would respond with a neanderthal response without speaking a single English word. Horrible service!Now for the quality...we ordered boba drinks from this place. The taste was definitely lacking and the boba seemed like it was made from last week and was left to rotten prior to using it in our drink. For $10 for 2 smoothie drinks, this was not near worth the money.
3	It kind of pains me to write a three star review for a business that I tried to love. Especially after the rave reviews from fellow Yelper (and former Salt Laker) Krista N.I recently stopped in because I have this weird Banh Mi obsession, and Krista assured me that Hue Thai was bomb ass ish. Perhaps I came in on an off night.My sandwich was simple. The bbq pork. Nothing fancy. The bread was dry, and was a bit worst than Lee's. Maybe I've been spoiled by Mr. Sandwich (Yes, I know that Hue Thai and Mr. Sandwich are related), because the bread there is PERFECT!The filling was ok, but the bread ruined the whole sandwich for me.I promised Krista that I would come back...I will make good on it. I just wish my first experience was as great as hers. Or as great as my Mr. Sandwich experience.Le sigh.
3	If you're going here for the pho, you'll be somewhat disappointed.  They don't have the best selection.  But if you're going for the sandwiches, you're in the right spot.  Try the #19 (charbroiled pork). The bread is always soft and warm and the meat is so tender.  It's to die for! The service is great. It's a pretty big restaurant, but they treat every table as if it's the only one.  The only down side is that there's a $15 minimum for credit cards.  So bring cash or be prepared to order lots of food to cover the difference.
4	I have been coming to this place since i moved to Vegas. So, that should tell you at least that this place can stand the test of time and how business places are going out of business left and right. I love the Pho here and the Vietnamese sandwiches are some of the best in vegas. They cook their bread fresh and you can tell it makes a huge difference. Not everything on the menu I can vouch for. They have killer egg rolls too. I have been to the infamous Lee's down the street after they opened and I just liked the way Hue did it. Plus i like to have my Pho with a sandwich on the side.
3	Food - 4.5Ambience - 3Service - 3Value - ?
5	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (9 of 365).Yum.  Hue Thai is my all time favorite spot for Pho and Vietnamese sandwiches.  The broth in their soup here is one of the best (most authentic) I've tasted since moving to Las Vegas from California where I believe has the best Pho.  The soup is flavorful and is only enhanced with the condiments they bring out (sprouts, jalapeno peppers, basil leaves, and lime).  The main ingredients I like to put in my soup are well done fatty flank, brisket, tripe, and tendon.  They put just the right amount of meat and noodles, and their tendon has the exact texture I love as it is my most favorite ingredient in my Pho.  Aside from the soup, their sandwiches are amazing.  They don't have the hard bread that scrapes the roof of your mouth like Lee's Sandwiches; their bread is actually really good.  My favorite sandwich is the combination sandwich; number 11.  Everything in this sandwich is good!  It's even good if you save it for later, or even the next morning.  I love this place!The customer service is hit or miss.  It's probably better when it isn't that busy.  The place isn't that pretty either.  It's like a fast food joint, and it's not a place to throw a fancy dinner party or anything.  Just come for good Asian food!  They have an extensive menu and I plan on trying more items!  AND get this, they also have Boba!  Now  that's a plus!  I suggest you try it now!
2	The Asian dessert shop near by was closed, so my friend and I stopped by to get some Boba and Che Ba Mau. For $4.50, the medium sized Almond Boba is pricey and very sweet. The Che Ba Mau was better. Consisting of a variety of beans and jellies, it was not skimpy. Yet again, the problem lies in how overly sugary it was. I could only eat half of it before giving it to my friend.The place itself is large and can accommodate many people, but it was near empty. My friend says that their sandwiches are the main attraction here. I will have to come back for that, but as of right now, the desserts and customer service are not impressive.
4	DON'T dine-in.DO Take-Out / To-Go and enjoy your awesome food in the comfort of your own home.BANH-MI: When I want a good Vietnamese sandwich, I'm going to Hue Thai. It's their specialty. They all start delicious bread. They add mild-medium jalapeno, pickled radish/carrot, cilantro, pate, mayo, and your choice of meat. For the non-adventurous, go with the charbroiled pork or beef (#19/#20). For those who don't mind jellied, cured, Vietnamese meat, go for #11: Banh Mi Dac Biet (House Special). VARIETY: Pho is ok. I prefer my pho elsewhere. However, this is the only place i know where to get Vietnamese Meatballs or Xiu Mai. Its in a deliciously flavorful tomato-y kind've sauce and served with a buttery soft baguette to dip. If you haven't had a Vietnamese Meatball, you need to eat this NAO.CHEAP $$$$: Banh-mi is cheap! Each sandwich is just under a foot long and will probably run you around $3.50.SERVICE: The service is absolutely horrendous here. Most employees barely speak English and the servers are oblivious to the world. Considering the place is usually empty, I have to wonder why they suck at waiting tables. Even ordering to-go at the register is an issue. Employees will be in the back leaving the register un-manned and getting their attention is a mission. Qutie annoying. WHY TO-GO?: Every time I go, the restaurant has an unpleasant smell. A blend of cleaning products and cooking pho broth.... Not pleasant to sit in.CREDIT CARD MINIMUM: $20 ( i think )
5	Best Pho place in Vegas!
4	Vietnamese Sandwiches: The only thing I go here for, To be honest this is the best Vietnamese sandwiches in Las Vegas, trust me. Not like Lee's Sandwiches. Hue Thai bakes their bread fresh so when you get your sandwiches the breads soft and a little bit crunchy but still a little warm. I've tried a couple places and this place has to be the best. Other foods: They have a variety of Vietnamese dishes, Chinese, and even Thai. But nothing taste super Authentic. So that's why I never order anything there except the Vietnamese sandwiches and their boba (which is decent). Not a fan of their PhoPrice: Vietnamese Sandwiches here are dirt cheap, $3.50 a sandwich I believe. Only sucky thing is they require a minimum of $20 to charge a debit card. Which you should know by now, I'm a yelper who doesn't like to carry cash.take out/eat there: To be honest dining there isn't so bad, other than the odd smell of cleaning products and food mixed together and the eye sore hallway to the bathroom the place is pretty alright. The design I guess is some kind of under the sea theme? I have no idea why its under the sea that has nothing to do with Vietnamese food. 4/5 Stars for Price/Vietnamese Sandwiches/ Decent Boba
1	Ok so, I like vietnamese sandwiches.  I came here first and found sandwich was great.  Then I found out that Mr. Sandwich is the sister store and near Volcano tea, so I went to Mr. Sanwich more often because I like Volcano tea.  Then a few months ago, I see the people that are making sandwiches are not little vietnamese ladies and the sandwich did not taste right. I stopped going to Mr. Sandwich and went to the original place to get my sandwich.  Well, to my surprise...Last Friday I went in and there was only 3 people working there.  A vietnames guy at the register, a hispanic guy in the back and a hispanic lady making my vietnamese sandwich.  This is so WRONG!!! I will find a new place for a sandwich!!! Yea, and the sandwich...eek! Methinks not.
3	Blub Blub Blub, I'm Underwater...The interior is interesting, with nice ocean scenes painted on the wall.  There is also an aquarium with like one fish in it, although he's a bad ass spiky prickly fish (is that a real fish name?)Boasting an enormous menu, this Vietnamese-focused Asian eatery has lost to choose from.  If you're feeling Pho-ish, they have you covered, but maybe you're digging some porridge, rice, noodles, Bahn Mi, dumplings...they have those too.Everyone raves about the Bahn Mi here, so being the food rebel that I am, I opted for the spring rolls and the Barbecued Pork w/ egg roll and vermicelli.  The spring rolls were average, and really didn't do much for me.  They had the usual Vietnamese spring roll cuplrits:  Shrimp, scallion, pork, carrots in rice paper.  The noodle dish was again, good not great.  The pork was pretty fatty, and not in a good way, but the flavor was really nice.  The egg rolls were the best thing I tasted while at Hue Thai, but not so good I would rush back for them. Hue Thai is good not great, and worth a visit if you're trying to travel the world (of Asian food in Las Vegas)
1	I just went to this restaurant today based on all of the positive reviews it received for it's Banh Mi on this website.  I ordered a charbroiled chicken Banh Mi and unfortunately had a bad experience.  The guy working behind the counter was unhelpful, nasty and rude.  The Banh Mi that I ordered had hardly any chicken and lacked the toppings that a proper Banh Mi is supposed to have.  It was almost empty.  The only thing good about it was the bread.  Their sister restaurant down the street, Mr. Sandwich, might better.  I've had much better Banh Mi and service in Vietnamese restaurants elsewhere in the U.S.  I would totally avoid this place, there are much better Vietnamese restaurants in the area.On a side note, does anyone have any idea why the customer service at the Asian businesses in Chinatown are so atrocious?  I have to say for someone who has only been living here for a few months I am truly shocked and disgusted with the treatment that I have received.  This is far worse than anything I have experienced in New York, Los Angeles or the Washington D.C. area.
3	I went here years ago, maybe 2009? At that time I had a great time there with friends. I went again a few days ago, it's alright. I definitely love their fresh squeezed orange juice, it's so delicious! I always order the banh pork yam, it's very good. I'm not very familiar with Vietnamese cuisine but this place is okay with me.
4	Vietnamese Sandwiches. This place was rocking Yelp with Sandwich reviews and I decided to give it a shot. Now mind you I love Vietnamese Sandwiches and having spent a lot of time in Saigon over the last 5 years I am seriously spoiled as the street food in VN is amazing. I was pleased with what I found here.I did the beef (which isn't really in Vietnam as cows are rare), and the pork which is really common. I like them both but they were not quite the same style as the street food in Saigon. It was tasty and they spiced it up a little bit for me but I would prefer hotter. I will be going back tonight in fact and trying a couple more different kinds. Its a good place to do takeout.
4	Hue Thai never disappoints when flavor is what you're looking for. The pho broth, is ever flavorful. I've ordered the curry goat on two occasions- tastebud tango! The banh mi is so nice, on my friend's first visit she had to do it twice. Papaya salad had nice balance of sour/salty/sweet. With all the tasty goodness experienced I intend to try each menu item available. See, that's the big tease- there are tantalizing photos of some items no longer, if ever, available. Please, Hue Thai, make this clear to your guests, okay?Dessert and boba I have had and I would rather the savory eats. I am a loyal to what is deserving of a following.
4	Best sandwiches and french bread in town, hands down!  The pho is good, but the sandwiches are the real treat in this hole in the wall.  We visit this spot regularly and enjoy every visit, great curry and noodles too.  You really can't go wrong.  The food is fresh and the service is good, this place stays busy for good reason.
4	The only reason for not giving the five star... I'm originally from Cali......bay area where the food is awesome!! But hue thai is still good! love their changes - bread is baked fresh everyday!
3	I haven't actually tried a Vietnamese sandwich before, so I may not have the most educated opinion of what makes a good one.Overall, after trying two of Hue Thai's sandwiches, I thought it was A-OK, decent and reasonable enough to return again.I read reviews that the bread is what sets Hue Thai's from Lee's or other places. I ordered the House Special (Banh Mi Dat Biet) and the Pork (Bahn Mi Thit Nuong).Maybe I came at a bad time, the bread wasn't stale or hard, but I didn't think it was soft, either. Definitely tasty, though, I'll give them that. The fillings were delicious, too. Not sure if I'd say it was a generous serving, but it was adequate.I also ordered a chicken with rice dish to go. That was VERY good, surprisingly, since everyone said that the rest of the menu was just mediocre. I didn't have room to try their boba tea or pho, maybe next time. Service was quick and friendly.The prices for sandwiches are definitely a great deal. I think I'd definitely get Hue Thai's sandwich to a Subway 7 out of 10 times. I'll have to try Lee's Sandwiches or other Vietnamese restaurants to compare, but I thought getting take-out at Hue Thai was pretty good.
3	Love the staff,but when I'm craving something special that they only make here.when I get here they don't have it.im very disapointed.
4	Took a local to lunch whom was a pho virgin. Chose this place because it had a bakery too and she was searching for pork bun (was still new to town so not too big of a challenge to find for her.)The bun was just as she remembered from a Vietnamese neighbor that use to prepare them for her. The pho tai was pretty good - rich and flavorful and not too salty. Service was a little scattered. Will have to return ,at least for take-out to try the bahn mi.
2	Wow! I can't believe how wrong my meal was! I ordered the Chicken Banana Flower Salad for $8.75. While the dressing/lettuce/banana flower part of the salad was fine, what they served as "chicken" was absolutely ridiculous!Have you ever made chicken broth from scratch? You boil a chicken until the meat is falling off the bone, let it cool, then pick through the pot....pulling out bones, cartilage and skin. Well THAT is what the "chicken" in my salad consisted of.....bones, cartilage and skin! I seriously could not believe it....there was NO chicken meat of ANY kind! Just the scraps that one would normally throw away.I called the older gentleman that had waited on us over and showed him the bones and skin, to which he replied, "Oh, well next time tell us you want it without bones and skin." Um, excuse me? Is this guy for real? If you're going to serve nothing but bones, skin, and cartilage, then you should call it a chicken BONE or chicken SKIN banana blossom salad, so that people understand what you are actually intending on serving them!  I was cool when he said this at first, thinking that I may have just hit a bad patch in the salad, but with my very next bite it was exactly the same thing....a big, splintery chicken bone with absolutely ZERO meat on it, covered by a pile of lettuce, chicken skin, and banana blossoms. To their credit, when I finally realized that enough was enough and sent it back, they were VERY accomodating and made me a different salad, right away. I think it was a shrimp pork salad, and it was very tasty.I also noticed several of the employees huddled around the chicken bone salad that I had sent back. They were speaking vietnamese? thai? to what I'm assuming was the cook and pointing at the bones and skin, so OBVIOUSLY this was not actually the way that this salad was supposed to be served. And I must admit that I think it's a good sign that they actually checked it out, and LOOKED at what was going on with the salad, instead of just writing me off as a pain-in-the-ass customer, because atleast it shows that they care about the food they are serving. And hell, anyone can make a mistake.In fact, I'd probably have only given them one star, except for the fact that they actually seemed concerned.My boyfriend ordered Pad See Ew. He said it was okay. Not the best he's ever had, but certainly edible. I think if we ever try this place again, we'll just get the Vietnamese sandwiches or the Pho, as it appears from other reviewers that this is what they're best at.
2	Menu is too big...they try to make everything...and everything was not too great.  Rolls were under par...bun rieu was blah...I think I can totally make better viet food then them.
3	Everything is always cheaper in Chinatown. This place is located in one of those Asian plazas in Vegas. I don't even know about this place but my boyfriend and his friends did. This was the first stop for food, fuck the buffet. Jk. Their prices are cheap compared to what you pay for on the strip for nasty ass food! I got a rice plate with grilled beef and it came with a little side salad and some veggies. It was around $8 for a big rice plate. If you were to get this on the strip inside some Asian over-priced restaurant it would probably cost $16-$20. Most of the guys got pho, I'm really not a pho lover unless I am really hungover lol. Both the guy and the girl working there both had huge hickeys on their necks. I think this is a family owned restaurant and they were in the corner taking pics of their hickeys lol. I found it cute but so unprofessional, but honestly I don't think they cared. They have a wide variety of food and it's like a bakery too. The boba drinks are MAD expensive, I guess it's not popular out there in Vegas. Will come back next time to try the all you can eat kbbq in another one of those plazas lol.
1	This place is HORRIBLE! Especially the customer service! The lady who works there actually had the nerve to lecture me about ordering! What the heck is that I wasted 30 out of the 40 minutes of my break going to this place to pick up my lunch, then having to come back cause they left out a part of my order!I HIGHLY RECOMMEND NO ONE GO TO THIS PLACE TILL THE GET BETTER SERVERS, AND CASHIERS!!!! NO ONE LIKES PEOPLE WHO ARE RUDE TO CUSTOMERS!!!! I'm choosing to spend money here, you better respect me enough not to be rude, and give me attitude!
3	Usually go there when I don't want to wait at Pho Kim Long. Food is decent and so are prices. The bun bo hue  bad, same with the sandwiches. As for the place the table always seems sticky and the service sucks. The employees are always in the back and you always have to just go up to pay instead of them bring you a check.
5	They have the best Yellow Curry Chicken with French Bread! And lower side of the calories too, which is nice!
5	The best Vietnamese sandwiches in Vegas I have ever tasted. The bread is what makes it amazing! It is so soft and goes with anything you order! The greatest thing about the sandwiches is that they are super cheap too. They have beef, pork, chicken, and vegetarian. If you are lucky, they have a bag of bread for sale for a $1!! They have plenty of other items on their menu but i haven't tried them out yet. Definitely the best sandwiches though. What is a good sandwich without a drink? They have a large variety of Cold/Hot tea, Slushes, and boboa choices. I usually order the Thai tea which is my all time favorite :-D. So come down and get some! OoOooo Chyeah!
3	I used to go here for Pho with friends on the regular, went back after a while and was majorly disappointed. We arrived along with other guests when we were quickly seated and told to sit down. After about 15 mins I knew we were being ignored and were not going to be serviced so I had to go to the counter where someone apologized and said of his workers had walked out. So in other words they were short staffed and couldn't help everyone. Other patrons left after waiting as long as 30 mins to have the orders taken. I am so disappointed in their service, and this time the food was sub par. I don't know what happened.
4	This place is sort of a hit or miss, but I generally enjoyed the food here. I typically get boba iced coffee, the house special sandwich which is always delicious, and another random item that can either be Pho, Banh Xeo, or Banh Cuon, etc...They have very low prices and the food is prepared fresh. I'd definitely recommend the sandwiches.
4	good sandwiches. the gread is always soft on the inside, crispy on the outside. haven't tried anything else here though. they have pho and other stuff.
4	My review is for the boba drinks only.  I had the Royal Milk Boba drink and it was one of the most satisfying boba drinks I've had in a long time.  Some places make the drinks overly sweet but this place had it just right.
4	My husband loves Hue Thai's pho, but I love their Sardine Banh Mi.  I know, you said YUK, but it's the best one they have, and you would never know it was sardines unless they told you.  It is delicious. The bread is fabulous and we usually will go home with a loaf or two.   I don't like their fresh steamed rolls, which is one of our favorite appetizers at other places.  There is also this AWESOME patisserie around the corner from them that is perfect for an after-pho coffee and sweet!
4	I came here on a cold night wanting to warm up with some comfort food. When I walked in I noticed nice ocean murals on the wall with a big fish tank in the middle of the dining area. It felt serene and relaxing.  I started with the Egg Rolls . They were fried to golden brown and served with veggies. I know that doesn't make them healthy but at least it kind of felt like they were. I ordered some pork short ribs with their house fried rice. The pork was tender and fell off the bone it reminded me of Pork Adobo. It was delicious! The fried rice had bits of pork, eggs and peas.  It went well with the pork! The servings are also a good size because I had more then enough to take home for lunch the next day!
4	The menu is extensive, but I always get one thing: the house special banh mi.  It is so delicious and flavorful.  I'm not sure exactly what kind of meat is on there, but I don't care because it is such a treat.  The bread is soft yet sturdy so it doesn't cut up the roof of your mouth; I haven't found a bread anywhere else quite like it.They have soups, noodle dishes, some crazy fruit smoothies and drinks also.  I've never been  adventurous and tried those.  I just get pulled in there for that banh mi sandwich....And I like to watch the lion fish in the fish tank.  It's the kid in me.  I give dirty looks to the people who tap on the tank glass.  Don't you know that hurts the fish?!?!
4	Great service with good food. Workers here are nice and prompt.For those complaining about the size/amount of the coffee... Thats how you drink it! If you want a bigger size of coffee, go get a trenta size at starbucks.
2	Overall, the experience wasn't all that bad. The service there is a bit slow, considering they weren't busy at all that day, but the waiter was very friendly and didn't seem to be all that rushed when taking out order, like most asian places are. The main reason I'm giving this place two stars is due to the cashier. My friends and i were having a fairly relaxed lunch and then when it came time to pay, the cashier was unwilling to make our accommodations easier and on top of that, there was a side of attitude. Honestly, my friends and i are pretty easy going people, so we just took his bullshit and left. no tip for you and definitely not planning on going back.
5	This is the second day in a row I've been here. The girl at the register even recognized me coming back in and she was super nice and helpful. My first experience was when my coworkers ordered charbroiled pork sandwiches a few weeks ago. It was amazing!! Crab Rangoon's are also to die for. Love this place!!
4	I've been coming to this place for many years now, it hasn't disappointed me yet. If its servers, I always get the guys. Particularly the one that speaks Cantonese, Vietnamese, and English, always friendly and efficient.I've tried most of the dishes, and they are pretty good to me, the sandwhiches are also decent in taste and price. Pho and rice plates are good.Their drinks are great as well! I ALWAYS come here for the Avocado and Duran smoothie. No other place beats it. This place is a great place for lunch and dinner for a simple meal and hangout. Plus, there is always space and never a wait here. A lot of families come here to eat, so do expect children. Its a casual setting anyways.
4	Great food, great service, priced right, and fresh ingredients.
1	No, just no.  My parents and I came here and the experience was awful.  We came here Sunday for an early lunch and barely no one was here.  It took them about 10 minutes to greet our table and take our drink order.  After waiting for another 10 minutes our drinks finally arrived and our food order was taken. Once our food finally arrived, we realized that they had given my dad the wrong dish.  He ordered the Curry Lamb, but instead they had gave him the Curry Chicken.  When we told our waiter, she just insisted that he had ordered the Curry Chicken not the Lamb.  Instead of waiting for a new food order, my dad just decided to eat the Curry Chicken.  My mom and I's food was okay, nothing to get excited about.  Service is slow and the food is not memorable here.
1	I don't come here for a year and it went from "will visit when I'm in town" to "hell no!" meaning for the many years, I would be in Vegas twice a year and guaranteed be at this place for lunch. i recommended it to many people who would visit the area. But now, youd have ro pay me to come here.Where to begin? Lets start with the drink order. Now I understand it being an exotic eatery, but come on, how is it even remotely possible to be out of Pepsi at 12:30 pm on a Saturday afternoon? And they pour it from cans!Ok, so now we get to order. 3 bowls of the combination pho (#1 on the menu). of these three, one was requested to have no rare steak. one bowl of the seafood combination noodle. 4 sandwiches.Waitress comes back like 10 minutes later and says that two of the sandwiches we ordered are not served anymore. Then why are they still on the menu? So we have to order different kinds of sandwiches. After another 10 min, a server finally starts bringing the pho. She just starts putting them down and we ask which one had no rare steak. She just stares at us blankly and muttered theyre all the same. Ok, no, we asked one to have no rare steak. She just shrugs and walk off! So we just give up and start eating. After another five minutes, the sandwiches arrive. These things are pathetic. They used to be stuffed full of meats and veggies...but now, about a quarter of how much used to be in there. Honestly, after eating the aandwiches, we looked at each other with some pretty sour faces.Oh, I forgot to talk about the sorry excuse for pho! First, raw red onions...overpowering. Should be half cooked white onions. Two pieces of rare steak. A piece of beef tendon the size of a silver dollar. Couple pieces of tripe each smaller than an earth worm. and a handful of, what i guessed were, meatballs. And maybe a handful of noodles in a tasteless broth. I have never added salt to any pho broth my entire pho-eating life but this was so tastless!What really drew the line for me was when the check came. They tacked on an 18% gratuity for a party of six! Granted some places do this and its understandable, but theres no mention of it on the menu or anywhere in the place. Gratuity charges are required to be listed somewhere if the establishment adds them automatically for any reason. And whats the cashiers response when we ask it to be removed? Its a temporary menu and it hasnt been listed on there yet. This means the menu is kind of new and there are still items listed on there they dont serve anymore... Something totally didnt seem right about that explanation.Seems kind of sad that I used to come here guaranteed whenever I was in town and now will never come back. There are many other great places in town to go to. But only come here if you like tasteless food and mystery chargeson your bill.
2	The first time I came here was for a sandwich. I left feeling disappointed but I came back for pho on Thursday. I had met my family there for an early lunch and that's where they wanted to go.  We were the only ones there. My aunt had ordered before I got there. Generally pho is really quick right? It took 30 minutes to get our orders and the pho was mediocre. The broth was oily, not very tasty and the beef was definitely not fresh. Ugh my pho tai was a disappointment. They had forgotten my aunts pho completely so she had to ask which took another 10 minutes as she watched us eat. The egg rolls and shrimp spring rolls were just ok. My aunt had ordered me an avocado smoothie with boba...she raved that there were fresh avocados and not the powder in it. Well they "forgot" my boba so my aunt made her put boba in it. The boba was delish and the smoothie was good but that was the only thing Hue Thai had to offer me. Service was horrible for being the only diners there and food was blah. If I have it my way I won't be back any time soon.
1	It's really sad. What a let down. My family and I have been coming to visit here almost yearly and this is the first time I've been disappointed with my visit here and I will not be coming back after this.They're out of Pepsi at 12:30 p.m?? They don't have 2 sandwiches listed on the menu?? In the middle of the day?? And how is it that everyone who orders a Pho bowl is the same?? Uh, no, not everyone's is the same. They're all different. What was even worse?? The waitress didn't even know what bowl it was she just plunked down in front of the table!! Unbelievable!The sandwiches used to be chock full of meat and vegetables and I don't remember the bread being buttered and hard. Toasted, yes, and fresh, yes. Buttered and hard? No. And the filling? 1/2 of what is used to be. There was more bread than filling. Truly pathetic. The worse was when the check came and an 18% gratuity was tacked on without our knowledge!! We had a table of 6 and no where on the menu or on the front of the store was there a notice regarding gratuity application. Nope, not coming here ever again. I should note that this place is under new management and the menu, per the cashier, is under revision. Still no excuse for poorly trained staff and pho that turned out to be tasteless.
1	This is my first time ever trying this for dinner.  When we walked in, no one greeted us.  We sat down.  Someone brought us a menu.  We looked through it and waited for 15 minutes, but no one came to take our order or even acknowledge our presence.  Thus, we got up and left the restaurant.  Never coming back again.  The service was beyond horrible!
4	I've been a here a few times and I either order the Vietnamese rice crepes or their banh mi sandwiches.- Their banhi mi's are cheap with their buy 5(?), get 1 free deal.- Their Viet rice crepes are pretty good and a good size.Will definitely be back as the prices are reasonable and food tasty enough (man, I wish SoCal Asian cuisine), it's walking distance from my place, the staff is pretty friendly and the restaurant gives an authentic Viet vibe (bare-bones Asian restaurant furnishings and decore, employees and customers speaking Vietnamese...).
2	I know a handful of people who LOVE this place.  I am not one of them.  Their pho broth is too sweet, their lunch specials are extremely low quality (avoid the orange chicken and lemongrass chicken at ALL COSTS!), and every time I've been here, I left hungry and disappointed.  I give them 2 stars for their strong ice coffee..... but that's about it.
4	This is our "go-to" place when I'm craving Thai. My husband and I call ahead for pick up when we want Pad Thai, Basil Thai Chicken, Papaya Salad and Red Curry Beef. Nice and simple.
3	The only reason this place is getting a 3-star review is because my boyfriend and I frequent this place decently often; he loves the beef combination Pho and I get the wonton soup with egg noodles. But this time, I decided to try something different.. :(When we went for dinner last night, service was especially slow, but the live music made up for it.. somewhat. Jason went for his usual- beef combination Pho and a Mountain Dew, I ordered chicken Tom Kha with chicken, a side of rice, and the charbroiled pork sandwich. Maybe I'm just picky, but I'm not a fan of restaurants serving soda from a can- a glass of ice wasn't offered, but he was okay with that. The sandwich came first, and was delicious. No other food came, so Jason and I treated it as if it was an appetizer- which was fine with us. At the tail end of finishing the sandwich, my soup came, kind of. I had ordered Tom Kha and was served Tom Yum. Since I had trouble deciding between the two soups in the first place, I told the server that I would keep the soup. It took another 5-10 minutes for Jason's food to hit the table, ehhhh..Beef Combination Pho: delicious, as usual.Charbroiled Pork Sandwich: AWESOME! I'm in love with this sandwich- great call by my server.Chicken Tom Yum: The flavor of the soup was good- but a little bland. The big problem I had with the dish was the chicken; the flavor made it taste like some weird seafood, the texture was chewy (comparable to beef that is gristle-y), and the chicken was extremely dry. Also, I've never seen large chunks of raw tomato served in Tom Yum before and thought it was weird. I wouldn't order it again, but am still Tom Kha curious (with shrimp, of course).White Chocolate Mocha Blast with Boba: delicious, as always. The big problem I had was with the service, which could have made this particular experience much better, but I've never experienced especially good service here. They're hiring servers now, and I even thought of applying just so I could make this place a 5-star place. ;P
3	This place looks like a cafeteria, but the food is good and the menu is very varied.  Speaking of which, the menu takes a bit of work to get through, but there's definitely something for everyone...including vegetarians.  (see the Gardein selections)The sandwiches are very inexpensive and pretty filling.  So watch out, if you intend to try a few things.  Save the sandwiches for last (unless you have some restraint...which I do not).
2	This was our first time here. we dined in and the service was ok, the food was great, however they are getting two stars because their cups were obviously dirty, we ordered for water and it looked so cloudy and gross. Finally what blew us back was we asked for a take out plate to bring home out leftover, and when it was given to us there was particles of food in this supposedly new take out plate... ...Gross!  That was it for us, we are not going back no matter how good the food is.
1	I got food poisoning here! I ordered the Combo Flour Sheet (Banh Uot Bi Cha Thit Nuong) and at the time, it looked delicious and tasted even more delicious, but a few hours into my car ride home to California, I had a massive case of the upset tummy. My other 2 friends and I tried to think of other things I ate (I only had this and some croissant from Belle Pastry next door), but my 2 friends also had some croissants but were ok. So we could only deduce that it had to come from Hue Thai! I hope it's a one time fluke, but it's definitely scared me enough to never come back. On another note, despite the food poisoning, the service was real slow and was not friendly. Their saving grace was the one young guy who would come and ask us how we were doing. The only reason we came here was because Island Malaysian Food next door basically kicked us out by telling us our food would take a very long time to come out. You can go over to their Yelp to get my review there.
5	Wow! I can say this place rocks the house ! Food is superb! Service is awesome ! Dan Mr. sandwich is a cool cat! Will be back in August! Ty
2	The food was ok - had grilled pork sandwich which wasn't like any other grilled pork that I was expecting. It was just grilled ham. However, terrible service, I have to say. Had to wait and remind the waitress what food we ordered and then wait again. The manager was very rude. Not coming back unless I have to for any other reason.
4	Authentic Vietnamese food @ Vegas!! The Vietnamese soup and sandwiches are great. This place also serves Thai, Chinese, etc. On top of that, they also have fresh fruit juices. All authentic items!!
1	Never gonna come back here again! Service sucked! Messed up our order, others got served before we did and we were there first, and we were barely checked up on.  No apologies or explanation whatsoever...WTH!  Seems like you gotta be Asian to be served...cause thats who they were really checking on more.
1	I'm not sure what happened to this place.  New owner?  Chef left?  Owner passed away?  Whatever it was, it's unfortunate.  This was our favorite place off the strip for good affordable food.  It used to come out quickly and was delicious.  Now?  Oh, hell no.We went there a few weeks ago.  I'm not going to list every single problem because it will seem like I'm nit picking.  The three worst offenses:1. Food took FOREVER to come out.  Like 50 minutes forever.  2. They forgot to bring out 2 drinks and 1 order of food, but yet it was on the bill.3. The worst offense was that one of our chicken wings was HALF EATEN and had been re-fried and served to us.  By half eaten, I mean that half the meat was completely gone and one of the two bones was exposed.  Their excuse was that they just got a new computer system.  Ha!  Nice try Hue Thai.  You're much better off going to Krung Siam.  Amazing food at reasonable prices.  What a great find!!
1	Never returning to this place!! We've ordered food from here before but, only their sandwiches.  We ate there last night and it was the worst service.  We ordered two sandwiches and an entree.  They came back to our table 5 minutes later to tell us that they are out of bamboo shoots and it we wanted another dish.  We asked if they could make the pork with something else rather than bamboo shoots but, they didn't understand; they wanted us to order something completely different.  So we ordered their grilled squid.... the picture looked good!!  It took over 20 minutes to get our food.  However we got the squid and it did not look at all like the picture.. but what does right!  So I took one bite with the sauce provided.. and it was terrible.  I tried another piece without the sauce and it was so bad that I had to spit it out!!  It was overcooked - terrible marinade - tasted very old and dirty!  It seriously tasted like their grill/grill pans were dirty.So we tell our waitress and they come up with that we may not be used to eating "Vietnamese style squid."  I said, I have had several different type of squids but, none have ever tasted like this.  She then says that no one else complained before and that we just need to get used to the taste...that is how "us Asians" eat it.  Of course, i said well if you haven't noticed.. I am Asian as well, and I have never been served or cooked squid that taste like this.  It was amazing how they continued to argue with us about this freakin squid... that it would taste good with beer!!!  Really?  If you have to drown it out with alcohol than it is not worth eating.
2	If you're from LA and just stopping here for lunch before heading back, which you probably are, skip it and eat better food in LA.I think they're a Vietnamese restaurant but they have this random Thai section in the back of the menu.Also my friend had the worst food poisoning here. And we were stuck in traffic and it took 6 hours to get back to LA, and the bathrooms on the 15 are disgusting. My pho was pretty standard. The group next to us were dunking their banh mi in soy sauce.
3	Came here late at night to give this place a try. This restaurant was quite empty, there were only two other tables. This place is a good place to go for a quick lunch fix or simple dinner. Food here is decent, nothing really spectacular that would make you come back. There are plenty of good restaurants around chinatown, but this place is decent enough to go to as well. They offer a menu with a large variety of different dishes from thai, chinese, vietnamese, etc. Happen to be here for some pho. Has good flavor, but compared to others, not the best. This place has many tables and you are greeted by a large fish tank, but think I only saw one fish. Will have to try the other selections here next time I happen to be nearby, and perhaps, may change my thought about this place.
5	Every time I come to Vegas, I HAVE to stop by at Hue Thai. I love the food and everything here is just absolutely delicious.During my most recent visit, I came here with my family who lives in Vegas. We came here on a Friday during lunch, which wasn't so bad because it wasn't busy. We were greeted quickly and asked to sit anywhere we liked. The staff were ready to have water amd menus out.  They also answered any questions we had quickly. We ended up ordering two different bowls of Pho and 3 orders of the sandwiches. The sandwiches here are SOOO delicious. They have the best Vietnamese sandwiches I ever had. Definitely a must try.Also, their huge drink menu is yummy as well. The milk teas, boba, and smoothies are so yummy!
4	Long ago I visited when it wasn't owned by the people of Mr. Sandwich. It's been under their management for a while, but I don't know why I haven't been back. The BF and I wanted to go to Yosi, but then get bahn mi which lead me to remember that Hue Thai should have the same bread as Mr. Sandwich's which we adore. We got charbroiled pork and a egg with chinese sausage bahn mi. It was indeed the same bread  and the veggie components were fresh. Charboiled pork was nicely seasoned and fragrant and the egg was fluffy and a good combo with the chinese sausage. Both our milk tea drinks were good - I got lychee green tea and he got plain milk tea. This spot lets you order at your table but I wouldn't really say this is table service really. You might have to wave if you need something or get up to the cashier to pay so be vocal or else you might sit there forever. Sit by the fish tank - the arothron dog faced puffer is super friendly and funny. He tries to show off to get attention.Definitely the bahn mi is a go. Their menu here is expansive, but cannot say what else is good. I will probably have to try something different in the future, but I find it hard to order other things when their bahn mi is good.
4	My brother and I sneaked out to this Vietnamese restuarant. You see, we were attending a wedding in Vegas at the Treasure Island, a hotel that has a Pho restaurant claiming the only place on the strip. It probably is. I questioned its We headed to Chinatown, a 5 min drive off the Vegas strip, and found a row of Vietnamese restaurants and decided on Hue Thai.  It's combination Thai, Chinese and Vietnamese, but predominantly Vietnamese food. The dish to try is the Banh Beo, steamed cake with nuoc cham. The other dish was the Curry Chicken Bun. Both yummy.  Can't beat the prices and what a great find!It has a stage and dance floor, so I'm guessing if you came here at night, you'll find a band and dancing. You see this place is open 24/7, we're in Vegas and it's so typical a Vietnamese culture. If you're ever in Vegas, you MUST try some reasonable and real food away from the strip! Chinatown is a good start.
5	It's currently a rainy day in Las Vegas and I wanted to have some hot & spicy pho.  The pho was excellent and I got some crispy pan fried noodles to go.  I would definitely recommend as another option for a flavorful bowl of pho when your body needs some nourishment.  They also had NBA TV playing  on a large flat screen, which was a bonus :)
4	This place has great variety of Vietnamese & Thai.. the broth of the soups are very authentic and full of great Asian flavor!! I always go for the beef stew with fresh French bread, the best in town.. mostly everything I ordered has been delicious.. the grilled pork spring rolls are awesome and I had the oxtail pho which was good, but the meat should have been cooked longer.. other than that of you're around Chinatown hit this place up!!
2	We have been going to this restaurant since it open 10 maybe 15 years.  It has always been wonderful.  We went yesterday.  It must have changed hands.  The food was bad, at best.  We had spring rolls.  There were chunks of dry bread in them and the wrapper was so hard you couldn't bite it.  I have never ever had dry bread in a spring roll.  I had the tom yum soup.  It had no flavor at all.  There were a few pieces of tomato in it.  From the look and taste I think the cook stirred a bit of instant tom yum paste in to some broth.  I feel really bad that someone has messed up this restaurant.  I guess we will be finding a new one
5	yum yum!!!This place is right down the street from me and it is amazing !!!!  The restaurant is soooo cool looking feels like your eating in the ocean!!!  Staff was sooo sweet!!! Very attentive.  Lots and lots of vegetarian options for me and my mom.  Huge portions, I was able to have lunch and save half for dinner.  Yummy smoothies and I have bobo for the first time and it was delicious!  Will def. go here again...and again
2	Came for lunch with my parents and 2 year old. Took about 15 minutes to get menus and then another 10 to order drinks which came out 5 (for two drinks), and 10 minutes later! When it was time to order our food, our waiter was super rude, and started talking to another table, which was unnecessary (they had only been sitting 10 minutes...) Moreover, there were many items on the menu that they no longer offer (all thai curry, glass noodle salad). Right before the food came out, I took my daughter to the restroom and another customer, who watched me walk in with her began banging on the door and yelling at me. I was there three minutes.Now the food. Papaya salad (without shrimp, still $9.99) was incredible 5/5. Vegetarian pho was edible but they used some crappy pre cut veggies and the veggie broth could use much more flavor 3/5. There was finally some inedible item that the waiter told my parents to get because they didn't have curry. It looked like diarrhea with about a cup worth of fat layering the top. The broth was some filthy thin meat and curry water and the 'chicken' was about 50% skin and 50% brown meat. Absolutely disgusting -10/5.We let our waiter know but he did not care, so when we had to go to the counter to pay (after waiting several minutes), we told the cashier/woman in charge and she removed it from the bill.Summarized: super slow horrible and rude service, inconsistent food, one bathroom stall, and mediocre value. Wish it wasn't so.
1	Jan 1 - service very slow - then very rude. My husband said "the food better be good to make up for this"  - i thought it couldnt get worse- they didnt even have the first few items we tried to order from the menu. Well it got worse - they brought me a bowl of runny tasteless broth that had big chunks of greasy chicken skin in it. Beware- when we complained we were argued with - like this was supposed to be a good way to serve food. Couldnt get out if there fast enough - never never again! One star rating only because i cant give a zero.
1	This is the first time I've ever given one star. Although the food was good, I've never encountered service as horrible as what I received at this restaurant. They took extremely long to seat us, give us menus, and take our order. At least two other tables were calling for the waiter to take their order, was given attitude, and told the other table was first. There was only one waiter trying to handle all of the tables which was why there was so much chaos.
2	I come to vegas about once a year and make sure I eat at Hue Thai at least once.In my recent trip, I learned that they were under new management...and I could tell.For one, it was not as crowded as it usually was. Second, in our order of banh beo, there was one that was COLD like they forgot to microwave it. Also, the banh beo order came with multi-sized plates of banh beo. Some were noticeably larger than the rest. Very strange. The waitress even apologized for the mis-sized plates.Will I be returning here again? Probably not. I'll take my chances in Cali instead.
5	I love this place , the food and the service are exceptional. I just recently moved to Las Vegas and miss home cooked Vietnamese food. This is the closet meal from home that I've discovered. In addition, with the variety of choices on the menu you'll never bored of dining here.  I recommend this place to anyone who appreciate authentic Vietnamese tasting food.
3	In search for the best Pho Tai and Banh Mi in town :)Pho Thai ($7.95): Rare Steak Noodle Soup. More of a clear broth here, I can't say it packed much flavor. The meat stayed tender, but it didn't impress overall.  I'd pass!Banh Mi Thit Nuong ($3.99): Charbroiled Pork Sandwich. This was a bit skimpy on the toppings. The bread was soft and flavorful, but each bite was either meat or veggies...not both at the same time.  I'd pass!Banh Uot Bi Cha ($7.99): Steam Flour Rice Roll, Shredded Pork Skin & Vietnamese Pork Loaf. This was good...a bit different if you have never had Pork Loaf before. The "rolls" on the bottom are packed with meat and are pretty tasty.  Recommended :)Continue the search!
5	This is my all time favorite vietnamese restaurant. Their sandwiches are on point and their menu items are authentic. Some of my favorites are ca kho to, pho tai, bun rieu, and bo tai chanh. Their service is always friendly and very accommodating. Try their bobas too! Amazing!
4	Being from Houston, I am very selective with Vietnamese food.  I could barely find a pho place that is good enough.  Well Pho Hue Thai has very good customer service even under the new management.  They took less then 3 minutes to bring water and menus  out.  Best dishes here:1.) Curry Chicken Vermicelli (soup base)2.) Banh Cuon (rice paper with ground beef)3.) Banh Xeo ( Vietnamese Fried Crepe)The pho, Bon Bo Hue , clay fish pot, and their rice plate are decent.  I would definitely still come back.  Great food and service!!!  With a very homey feeling and not too crowded:)
1	Found a strand of long black hair in my #11 house special sandwich!!! Disgusting!!!! Never go back again!!!!!
4	We were in the mood for a traditional vietnamese family food. Therefore, we ordered Ca canh chua (sour soup with catfish) and Ca kho to (salty braised catfish). The food came out hot and tasted yummy..the soup was kinda Thai tom-yum-Kum broth base, but it was spicy and very hearty. The braised fish was great, not too salty. Overall, the food is good and the services are very friendly.
4	It's rough moving across state and leaving everything you know, especially the abundance of Vietnamese food in Orange County, CA - namely Little Saigon and the great selection of Vietnamese food just 15 minutes from where I used to live.We were in the mood for banh beo so I did my research and it appears that this was the only place nearby us that carried it.This place is tucked away in a little asian business center. When we arrived, there was ample parking (6pm on a Tuesday). There was no one there and the place was dead. Which doesn't bother me, it just means quicker service. We ordered:Banh Beo - Not what I am used to in CA, but they tasted good. I wish they added mung bean and real shrimp, also the dough was a little dense than how I would prefer it, but I still really enjoyed them. They didn't come out with any fresh thai chilies so we asked for them. The chilies were perfectly spicy and really made the dish better. If you're Vietnamese, you should know that chilies and this dish go together like icing on the cake! 4/5Banh Cuon Dac Biet - The presentation was great. The rice noodle rolls weren't spectacular, pretty plain - even the meat filled ones were boring. However, the pork patty (cha) tasted really good and I could tell that they were fresh and homemade. I also enjoyed the fried crispy mung bean fritters and the fried sweet potato fritter (banh tom chien). Overall we slurped the dish clean. It wasn't the best i've ever had, but it was still very good! 4/5Goi Cuon Chao Tom - this is always a controversial dish to order. We are always comparing this one to the famous spring roll restaurant in Orange County (Brodard). This place is obviously not going to compare, but they are also not trying to be like them either. We both really enjoyed these spring rolls. 2 large rolls were cut in half making them 4 pieces, they had a nice big fat slice of shrimp patty, and the sauce tasted good. 4/5We also wanted to try their Banh Mi, so we ordered it to-go for our lunch tomorrow. I requested that they put the pickled veggies (do chua) separate, so that they don't soggy up the sandwiches. The veggies could of been pickled a little bit more - the sandwiches could of used the sourness, however, the sandwiches were tasty. The bread was very fluffy, crispy and tasted fresh even out of the toaster the next day! Of the 2 sandwiches we ordered, by far the best one was the Banh Mi Dac Biet. The meat was homemade and moist, very tender, and flavorful. I would skip the Banh Mi Nem Nuong - the nem nuong meat patty was missing a lot and not flavorful. By the time we were done, there seemed to be a good amount of people coming in and eating. I also noticed they were all Vietnamese! Looks like I found my local spot for banh beo and banh mi dac biet cravings.
3	Went here for lunch with coworkers because a coworker wanted to try out Pho.So we got Pho and split a sandwhich.The Pho was okay. When I got my bowl, the noddles were in a huge big clump ball. Took me awhile to break it apart. The broth wasn't as flavorsome as other Pho places I've been to. So i'll probably go to Pho somehwere else.But the sandwhich we had.. Banh Uot Bi Thit Nuong #37 on the menu.SOOO GOOD! I'll DEFINITELY come back for the sandwiches! The pork was so tender and the pickled vegetables had so much flavor. The bread was warm and crisp but yet fluffy. SO. GOOD! I recommend trying it out.The service was friendly but they didn't check on us after we got our meals. They weren't attentive because my coworker tried calling them over but they wouldn't look over. There was barely anyone there also, so it made it frustrating we didn't get great service. All in all, not too bad!
1	We walked in and was told to pick a table, then sat and waited for a while and no server came to us. I looked over and they were eating and the server looked right at me. Well I then got up and went and grabbed my own menu. Then about 3 more tables of people came in and they jumped right up and helped them right away. Finally after having to say I am ready to order the server came she took our order and we asked that our appetizer which was the banh beo to come out first she said okay and walked away....well still no water and about 20 mins later food came out all at once....Our banh beo was so bad it tasted sour and had a smell I told the server quietly about it and she said oh nice time tell me right away before you eat more....wth....I barely ate it and wanted her to know!!! Well last time I come back to this joint...you get better service if you are foreign...or out of towners.... cause they jump right on servicing them over locals.....
4	I LOVE this place. The pho is great and their sandwiches are even better! And I LOVE their jasmine milk tea so refreshing :)
5	#60 Combination flower roll,#36 charbroiled pork sandwich,steam rice cake w shrimp...as always..& more..:))
3	The place smelled fishy when we first walked it.  Curious about why this was the busiest restaurant in the strip mall we decided to eat here and ignore the smell. It took a ridiculously long time for our waitress to bring us water and take our order. We ordered the house special appetizer, one seafood soup and some fun chow noodle with pork. The appetizer came 40 minutes later when we were about to leave. It looked really good, but we had cancelled and send it back. I don't know if it really takes 40 minutes to make or if they were just making excuses for it being so late. If it does take 40 minutes to make then it shouldn't be an appetizer and it shouldn't be on the menu. The soup I had was good but I wish our waitresses asked me the type of noodles I wanted because I would have preferred the egg noodles. The chow fan noodles with pork  was really good. They have so many dishes to choose from it is a bit overwhelming. I would go back and give them another try. I think we just caught them on a super busy night. The waitstaff was friendly.
3	This place OK, the walls were covered with an underwater theme. I came here with a large group, forgive me for only remembering a few of the things that occurred. For food, I ordered the seafood noodle soup. It wasn't bad, but wasn't great, just OK. A friend ordered the bun bo hue, which was disappointing because it came with one tiny tiny piece of pork blood. Another friend ordered a shrimp salad, which I must say was pretty good! With that said, this place seems to have a hit or miss selection of food. For drinks, I had the thai tea, which was also OK.  My friend ordered the matcha green tea, and informed the waitress that she was still waiting for it.  The waitress then informs her that they ran out of matcha. Not sure what that is about, but if they ran out of something, it should be their job to inform the customers rather than having the customers waiting and expecting it to arrive.
4	Sorry Mr. Lee's. So much better. I think it is new owner's - was not as good as I remember in the past.
2	I have grill pork have too much fat . I don't know why people give them a good rate like 5 starts.
3	Hue Thai is usually my pit stop for quick Vietnamese food whenever I'm in Vegas. They've changed owners a few times or so other reviewers have said and I can definitely tell in the quality and level of deliciousness in their food!The Watermelon Juice was pretty good but they basically just blended the watermelon and added crushed ice. I prefer that the watermelon is blended with the ice for more a slush texture. With the way their serve it, half was warm and half was cold.The Chao Tom Goi Cuon was pretty good. The Chao Tom was a huge chunk and was very flavorful in the spring roll. My only compliant is that the lettuce didn't taste so fresh in the spring roll.Banh Canh Tom Cua was decent. The broth was on the thicker side and had a nice pork flavor to it. The shrimps weren't seasoned so they really didn't have a taste. Plenty of pork slices and gio heo in the soup. They didn't have any crab in the soup! What? Why is it called Banh Canh Tom Cua but didn't have any cua? Noodles were the normal banh canh noodles, nothing special. Overall, it was just okay. Not delicious but not terribly bad either.
4	Yummy pho! Cheap and quick. Get the french bread. Lots of other traditional asian food options too!
2	We wanted something Asian, inexpensive, and quick.I ordered the Hu Tieu noodle soup with assorted meat. My BF ordered the rice noodle plate with pork, fried yam, bean sprouts, cucumbers, and fish sauce. Overall, taste and quality were okay. The portions were huge though! Definitely worth your buck if you want quantity over quality. The spring rolls tasted okay as well. I've had better.
3	After my bad experience eating at Hue Thai about a year ago, I was apprehensive eating here again.  However, after dining there again, I was pleasantly surprised.  The wait staff this time was prompt and attentive.  This time around I had the Banh Mi Thit Nuong (pork sandwich) and it was pretty good!  The bread was fresh and crispy on the outside, soft on the inside.  My mom also had the pork chop there and it was decent as well.  The boba there was just meh, also the decor there was a bit odd too (aquarium style?).  Overall though I was happy with my recent visit to Hue Thai.
4	They have the best bread compare to lee's sandwiches  and Mr sandwiches. But the only problem they don't really put out a lot of meat inside the bread. There more focus on the veggies.
5	Delicious and quick, this is my new favorite place! Love going here for a quick eat at a great price! I really like to get a bunch of different things when I go places, and this place is great because everything is so delicious and around $7-10. My favorites: Banh Cuon with the pork and mushroom, Pho Thai, Charbroiled beef sandwich, and a vanilla milk tea with boba! Enjoy!
4	Foods are good, quite authentic, there a lot of varieties on the menu, highly recommend for people to try out! Great friendly service! 21% tips.
3	A-ok. We had the egg rolls, Vietnamese iced coffee and avocado smoothie to go. Prices were a little more expensive than I expected considering the one $ on yelp. Their egg rolls and springrolls are priced the same as Nem Nuong Bistro and people complain about the rolls being overpriced over there, so we headed over here, to only find the prices comparable. This large restaurant has a vast selection of boba, sandwiches and the usual Vietnamese fare. Lots of seating, lots of menu options, but quality of ingredients and prep could be better.
2	Used to be tasty, this place has gone downhill with the new owners. The soups taste different. The cooks are no longer Vietnamese. The lamb is really goat meat. But the one saving grace of the place is the banh mi (sandwiches). Get the grilled pork sandwich, so much better than Lee's.
4	I've eaten at this place for years.  I think their food is getting better.  Maybe they hired a new cook.   Service has always been a little weird at most Vietnamese restaurants from my experience.  This one is about the same.  There is usually no thought to what comes out first.  They frequently send out the appetizer ten minutes after the entrees or sandwiches.   It's almost like you as the customer need to tell them how you want your food or just order the appetizers then when you are ready order the entrees.  Also sometimes one person's food comes out way before the other people in your party.   The other thing is the check.  You almost always need to ask for it.  This seems to be another Vietnamese thing because nine times out of ten I always have to ask for the check at one of these places.  This may be normal in Vietnam, but in America where we have limited lunch time it is not cool to wait 15 minutes for a check.  If the food wasn't so darn good I might bother me more.  Still the food comes out really, really quickly.  I've never waited more than 10 minutes for food ever and I have been here at least 15 times.The sandwiches are awesome.  The bread is always fresh.  The fillings are tasty.  I especially like the grilled pork sandwich.  I've tried the others, but this is the best.  Noodle bowls both Bun and Pho are average compared to other Vietnamese places, but they are passable.  The main reason to go there though is the sandwiches.  Their appetizers like Eggrolls have gotten way better with better quality lettuce, basil, and mint to wrap them with.  Boba drinks are Ok, but not the best.Comparing to Lee's Sandwiches down the street - I prefer Hue Thai.  Their bread is better.  The fillings are better.  Lee's makes better drinks and deserts.  Hui Thai makes much better hot food.I give this place an 8/10 for food.  7/10 for service.
3	My bfs cousin introduced us to this place and recommended the Vietnamese dessert drinks aka che which she was right. It was a yummy calm sweet but I also order the Vietnamese sandwich aka banh mi and I've had better. My bfs order the jasmine tea and we both appreciated the flavors. His cousin ordered the passionate dessert drink and I want more and would rate it a four star alone. But I was attracted to their banh mi sandwich sign and wanted to give it a try. I'll give them kudos for the creativity on their unique bread. I have not had this yellow crumbtious bread anywhere before but it would have been better it if was made fresh daily. You can taste its at least a day old. My bf was not satisfied since he ask for extra jalapenos and did not receive them as also I did ask for more liverhusrt spread and did not taste it. His cousin complain they only put one cilantro stem in his banh mi and filled his large ice coffee with majority of ice then coffee. I would come here for the che desserts but not for the banh mi unless the bread is made fresh daily. Would have rated it a 4star but 3 of out 5 of us complain so I gaved it a 3 star.
5	Coming from hawaii, I gotta say this place is pretty good. Ordered the banh mi xiu mai, banh xeo, banh cuon nhan thit, pho GA bo view , ca canh Chua and thit kho trung. I give the food 4 stars the extra star came because of the clean restroom.
5	This place is great! The young lady that works here is always so attentive. The food is amazing. There is always space to sit. What more could you ask for? This is amazing!
1	Used to be a great place with fish tank inside, now it gets worse.Doesn't matter what I order.My stomach can't handle it and ruin my fun in Las Vegas.  There are resturants in San Jose and Los Angles are better than this.
4	I thought the food was really good. I had Bahn Mi for the first time:) Bread was soft and fresh. Service a little slow but nice staff. Only giving 4 stars because the place looked a little dirty.
1	I think the photos say all, the employs locker is on the ice cream fridge in front. Long time to order, Extream long time to receve you food, and no one cares if you pay or not.  We need it to remind the second cashier to bill me.Very disorganise place.  Need to see to belive.  The automatic sliding door open and close like crazy by it self and with this weather is cool breezzee entering the rest.Pros: like that they remove all the food images on the windows. The light enter more, more clear. And remove that eye sore of a fish tank. Make the place look bigger and cleaner.
