2	The first time I came to Luxury Nails and Spa I was a walk-in, had a friendly greeting and was told to wait only 10 minutes. Since I was in no hurry I was fine waiting. Well, 10 minutes turned into 20 minutes until finally they seated me in a chair. I had to get a fill and he said the person was just finishing someone up and then he'd be right over. Another 15 minutes go by. At this point I am 35 minutes into the appointment and someone else sits me down and says they will "get started" for him. So, the other person files my nails down for me and then informs me that the other person will come finish up the rest. So at this point I can't even leave because my nails have been completely filed down, but then I wait ANOTHER 20 minutes. Almost an hour after I walked in, the fill finally starts. He did a nice job, so I'm giving it 2 stars and another time I had a mani/pedi there and the pedicure lasted a full month. The mani didn't even last 12 hours. All in all, I will still go there for a pedi but no other services.
2	Pros: - callous remover stuff (I attempt to run and, even with my lame attempts, those callous add up. When I try and where heels, well, it's not hot). I got a pedicure and, though I was charged $5 more for this (and they said that AFTER they already put the stuff on) in the end it was worth it. - gel nails are my new favorite. Your own nails, but the gel supposedly makes the polish stay longer. That and your nails look super glossy and awesome. Cons: - Up-selling like crazy. Once I'm in the chair and I've said what I wanted, please stop badgering me to see if I was "deluxe". No, no I do not want deluxe. Now leave me alone so I can read trashy magazines.- No deluxe = no real massage at all. Boo. - I paid extra (after being up sold) for gel and while the girl promised it would last two weeks, the very next day I had peeling. Here's a hint - if you get gel (which is totally worth trying at some point, somewhere) make SURE they do not get the gel on your cuticles. If they do, it creates an air pocket when it tries. Thus, peeling. So sad. So now I'm trying to get them fixed a week later somewhere else. - Girl cut my toe. Blood. Pain. I think there's a guy who works here that gets super rave reviews. If you can, book him.
4	Like most nail places I get good and bad service, but the price is right and they do a good job. Sometimes they have "guy" shows on and they delicate the pedis to the woman.  I guess I go at the right times because I never wait and rarely see people waiting behind me.  They tell jokes and talk to me, but I am bad at the accent and have a hard time keeping up...but I just laugh or nod.  I got my full set taken off and the gel polish-they have done it twice and I love the gel polish! They have lots of colors!!
1	My friend and I wanted to pamper ourselves so we went to this place that was close to both of our homes. They didn't have many designs to choose from and the prices for some of them were like fifty bucks. I had to settle for a cheap design and even though I was one of the first people there, I didn't get mine done til an hour later. The guy I ended up getting was messy and very rough with the tools and after I told him he was hurting me, he blamed it on me for moving, which I wasn't at all. I know to stay still in order to prevent mishaps. After he was done, I saw that some of my nails were uneven and others were bumpy. And I asked if he could fix them and he only did a few with an attitude. At the end he tried to overcharge us annnd insisted on typing in my own pin number for my debit card. Nails were less than decent and the customer service was bad. Never coming here again.
5	I've been looking for someone who could do a good OPI gel manicure, and I couldn't be happier with Kim at Luxury Nails! She took her time and was very meticulous in her work. I'm going to be a regular!! Gel polish with manicure - $25
4	The first thing Kim had to do was repair a previous manicure (from a different business).  I had a very bruised nail and the other salon just put a nail right on top of it - I learned here that it was actually doing more damage than good.  While I wasn't thrilled to start with Kim and then be transferred to another technician, he was also pleasant and did a great job.  This is close to home; while there were several other ladies there I did not have to wait; they did a great job; I enjoyed the atmosphere; it was quick and $20 for a fill seemed an average price.  I will become a regular.
2	I hate that I'm giving this place 2 stars, I've gone here for years. But here's the problem - They have GOT to update their salon! The pedicure chairs are horrid. The "leather" is so worn that it's peeling off. Things are dusty and it just needs to be cleaned a little more often. Other than that, I love the place. The staff are professional and friendly - the salon presentation has just gone WAY down hill. :(
1	$32 for Luxury Pedicure. The nail tech applied a half a spoon of mask on my legs. Obviously, not enough to cover both of my legs. Her massage was more painful than soothing. My nail polish chipped off in 3 days. After the pedicure the nail tech just left me at the chair, didn't help me put my sandals back on. When I looked for her, she was eating her lunch or snack at one of the stations. This was my first and definitely my last time going to this place.  I only went there because Slick Nails was close on July 4th. What a waste of my money!!!!
5	I love luxury nail and spa I have been going there for almost a year. Have always had great service. My favorite guy there would have to A.P. he does a great job!!
1	I went in for a pedicure, what I got was not what I signed up for. I upgraded my pedicure to the luxury. Nothing luxurious about what I got. The massage was terrible, and lasted about 1 minute. The stones he rubbed on my legs served no purpose. But put all that aside, okay the foot scrub was good and the water temp was very nice and warm. Things took a turn for the worst when the technician cut my toe. When it wouldn't stop bleeding he poured nail polish remover on it, for some misguided reason he believed acetone was good for my bleeding wound. Now I'm bleeding, stinging, and burning.  I want to get out of there and finally he finishes. The nail polish looks fine, but he did not do a good job cleaning up the polish around my toes. Forty-five minutes later I'm paying and he has the audacity to charge me full price and ask for a tip. It's poor business practice in my opinion to screw up your job and blame the customer for it.
2	This was my first time trying this place out. I just moved out here and was spoiled with a great salon back home. I was very unimpressed. It is very outdated and dusty. Needs a deep cleaning and touch up. I went for a fill and the lady that did my nails used the buffer machine thing terribly. She went all over my cuticles and surrounding skin cutting it up and now they look horrid. Also since they were cut up it stung when she put the products on it. Everyone there was unprofessional in my opinion. A man giving a pedicure just carried on talking about his view on politics and the upcoming election. Another technician was on the phone at a station and eating her lunch on the floor. My technician actually took a personal call while she was painting my nails and talked for the last 10 min she was working on me. My nails came out mediocre. There are small bubbles in them which doesn't impress me. I've gotten acrylics long enough to know it's possible not to have bubbles. I will not be coming back and will continue looking for a new nail salon to give my business to.
2	I really wanted to like this place. It's quiet, clean and reasonable prices.The gel manicure lasted 4 days only. The polished peeled right off. I've been getting gel manicures for years and they always last 3 weeks. I returned for a second time. I explained what happened, they only asked who had worked on my nails. They did not offer to fix it or a discount at least.Got my nails done again, the second manicure lasted less than a week and the pedicure 3 days.I will be going back to my old place, even if I have to pay $10 extra for each service.
1	1) Nancy did my nails.  She would "remove" my cuticle with that spinning thing instead of pushing my cuticles back.  My cuticles were bleeding and sore for a week.  I thought this was a fluke so I went back and she did the same thing.  In fact, she brags about this technique.  What is interesting is that she made my fingers bleed, but she did not so much as wipe the tools off.  With her technique she should autoclave.  They DO NOT autoclave!2) If you are getting the "luxury" treatment they offer you water.  They do not wash their hands (this I witnessed first hand) and I feel that they recycle the oranges they use in the water (I have no proof of this).  Ladies, if you don't eat the oranges, tear them apart so that they can't reuse them.3) The technician finished my pedicure.  In the middle of my manicure someone came in who I guess they felt was more important than me.  I was asked to sit in the waiting room so that they can start on the lady who just walked in the door.  They wanted to stop my mani in the middle of it!!!  I told them that if I walk out I am NEVER coming back.  I paid for LUXURY, yet I was asked to get up and let them work on another customer?!?  If this is LUXURY I would hate to experience the NON-LUXURY treatment.Well, the fact that they don't clean their instruments, they draw blood on purpose, they recycle oranges (I have no proof of this), they don't wash their hands when they prepare your water with oranges........I WILL NOT BE BACK REGARDLESS.They better hope I don't call the FDA and Board of Cosmetology on them!!  They need to autoclave if they are going to draw blood and wash their hands if they are going to serve beverages and handle oranges for the beverages!  Aids or hepatitis anyone?
1	Ha! Luxury my butt. So I came here with my mom for a little pampering... I started out soaking, before my pedicure in lukewarm water. Ok lame but whatever, I'm not a complainer(usually) while my toes were being painted a lady was attempting to do my nails. I had to hold my arms out across my body for her to reach, it was so uncomfortable and not relaxing in the least. she did a crap job. Uneven lengths, not strait, messy polish. I was pissed. I said nicely "could you please fix this" she acted like she didn't knew what I was talking about. I pointed out all the spots that were messed up and asked nicely. She then started arguing with me. Hell no! I held my ground and the manager came over, acknowledged the crap job and ushered me to a proper seat where he "fixed" my manicure. His attempt was admirable, I was just ready to go at this point. As I was finished i hear my mom "you've got to be kidding me" I walk over to find nail polish all smeared up her arm. She was getting a gel mani and the guy forgot to dry her last coat before the hand massage. Ha! What can you do but laugh. This place is a joke. Save your time and money.
5	I love this place! They do a great job! I came in today seeing Kim wasn't in and was scare to try some one new. But gave it a try and she did a awesome job. Good job Holly.
4	AP did my pedi and did a great job! Got the luxury pedi, which included a neck wrap (not really necessary, but okay). Not sure what else the difference was but it was a good pedicure. $10 more for luxury, $22 normally.
1	I walked in on a slow Monday afternoon and was the only customer waiting. I sat there for 20 minutes while 3 techs walked around the salon just chatting before someone finally acknowledged me and asked if I was "waiting for someone or something." Finally get called back and the woman agrees to do the design I ask for. She spent the entire time lecturing me about how awful my fingers look (like I haven't noticed -_-), cut my skin with her cuticle clippers, lays down a base coat of gel polish and THEN tells me she can't do the design I asked for. I have never been angry in a nail salon before this day. The spa itself is so beautiful; I wanted to like this place so badly but what an awful awful experience.
