5	Great service. Friendly to English speakers. Husband got a generous plate with a sampling of spicy sausage, bologna, smoked turkey, cheese, eggs, French toast, horseradish mayo, baked beans, potatoes, and an item known as creton (http://chowhound.chow.com/topics/357403). I had the Hawaiian omelette which came with potatoes and toast. Aside for the baked beans everything was superb. We got OJ that tasted freshly squeezed and both plates were garnished with small pieces of juicy seedless watermelon.
4	Lovely breakfast spot and so many menu choices! I settled on a crepe while my dining partners enjoyed eggs benedict and a potato dish special to this restaurant. The crepe was very thin and light. Inside it was packed with thick-cut savory apples, bacon, and cheddar cheese. But the stand-out dish was the potato one. Home fries topped with veggies (asparagus, peppers, onions) and amaaaazing goat cheese. Like, I've had goat cheese, but this! It was tangy and creamy, but almost like ricotta in texture. And it was plentiful.Quality maple syrup was served with our crepes. I poured half onto the dish and sipped the rest. Why isn't this stuff served in the states? I'm tired of the thick corn-syrupy crap. This was thin, sweet, and rich.
5	Wow. If I had to recommend one restaurant in Montreal, this place would be it.My boyfriend and I were looking for a brunch place before heading to the Biodome when we found this on Yelp. They don't have any English menus-- which is a good sign since they're not trying to attract tourists, just regulars who live in the area.Neither of us spoke french, but luckily the manager came by and explained everything they had and what he would recommend for us. We ended up ordering the Avalanche since it had a little bit of everything and a must-try Tourtiere. We also ordered a steak + frites. Both dishes were delicious and at the end of the meal, we were very very satisfied.The only complaint I would have is that the wait seemed longer than average. But then again, all the waiting time I spent in Canada seemed to be around that time.. Just not used to it since dishes come out faster at the States.
5	Found this restaurant by accident but wow! I mean, this place is absolutely the best brunch I've ever had in Montreal! BEST!Their portion is very big, but also taste great! My boyfriend and I order the avalanche and something else the waitress recommended. Both of them are really really good, and we both really enjoyed them. (We are really picky when it comes to food!) their fresh juice is good too!Their menus are only available in French, but the waitress are really nice and explained everything. LOVE this restaurant, for like $13, you can only get a very small portion in other high rating brunch restaurant. But at this place, you can have a huge dish. Also, their decor is really cozy and it was really quite in this restaurant, you don't have to yell. Will define rely come back with more friends!
1	If I could give this restaurant 1 star I would. Terrible service, I'm pretty sure our waiter was high. He was very awkward and kept coming over to our table and muttering under gis breath. Food is disappointing. How can you screw up basic breakfast is beyond me.The bacon and  potatoes were cold and tasted like they had been out for a day...very stale. The whole experience was very weird and disappointing. There are much better restaurant options on Mass on street that I would have rather gone to.
1	Food is OK after you finally get it. Waited 45 min for breakfast and my girlfriend's food was cold. They said no problem, it will only take a minute to replace....took 10. Friendly but incapable service. 2nd try and last.
