5	$5 for a fantastic shine. This guy worked super hard and I swear, my shoes look practically brand new!They'll do a quicker shine, but you will want to make sure that you have plenty of time so that they can give you the full performance. Several different shine chemicals and then the guy pulled out a blowtorch. Yes, a small blowtorch! Apparently, it expands the pores of the leather and allows the shine stuff to get in there. It was just a little on the odd side.So when all was said and done, it was 20 minutes (he made sure that I had enough time) and so I gave him some extra. Great, great work!
5	Stepped in mud earlier in the day and walked up with his work cut out for him. He used about 8 or 9 applications, broke out a blow torch and waxed it to a mirror finish shine. Took about 15 to 20 minutes, he did a great job and only $5 plus tip
5	I work in finance in New York so get shoes shines fairly often and this was the most thorough one I have ever had.  I was wearing my old beat up bad weather walk to work shoes that since I had time before flight decided to attempt to get shiny.  I did not expect much but  the person went to work for over ten minutes and even brought out a blow torch to put a shine I did not think possible on these shoes.   If plan to fly though Charlotte again might hold off on getting shoe shine so can get them done here.
5	When was the last time you saw a "creme brulee" torch being used on your shoes?Well I was walking casually through CLT, with a two hour layover before my next flight. It's actually a 3/4 of a mile hike from 33A for 33E and I was heading in the direction of the US Air Club.  Just outside, I notice Executive Shoe Shine and three hard working, no that should be hustling employees, using the aforementioned blow torch on some shoes.  One traveler had a shopping bag full of shoes and offered me his seat after finishing; I guess he was on his second of at least five pair and needed a rest.  LOL  Wow, I couldn't get over Cassy (see photo) putting the heat to his shoes.  They were giving off a blue flame. Incredible!  Fifteen minutes later my friend was back and I offered back his seat.The suggest price for their shine is $6.00 for shoes and $8.00 for boots.  Ridiculous!  That's a starting point for their tips.  Take a look at the reflection off my shoes (photo).  They didn't come out of the box looking this good and they are a nice pair of Allen-Edmunds.So Five Stars, hands down the best shine you'll ever have anywhere.
5	So, here's the scoop on this shoe shine stand.Week in and week out, I go thru the CLT airport and I pass by this shoe shine stand. Each and every time I pass it, .. all the chairs are filled and there is always a line.  I must have passed by this shoe shine stand.. about 100 times and every time, there is a line.  One day, I happened to get to CLT early,  and I took my leisurely stroll past the Starbucks heading to A3 and walla... there is NO line..  Now, I have never had my shoes shined, except by me myself and my trusty Kiwi kit.  I figure, I can head on down the aisle and get my usual beer prior to boarding or I could solve this one nagging thought about this shoe shine and make the pit stop. Whoa... I think I may have discovered my next obsession.. shiny shoes.I was took my throne in the high comfy seat and gazed at the lowly mortals that are rushing to their gates. Somehow, it felt good that I have time to spare.  The lady, proceeded to undo my shoes.. taking the laces off and engaging in polite chit chat and she asked me.. how much time do I have?.. unfamiliar to the shoe shining etiquette.. I did not know what to say... Well it turns out, she is mindful of my time , so i can get to my gate quickly .. I told her I have an hour and she beamed at me.. I dunno why, but she was a happy camper..She proceeded to lather on gobs and gobs of lotion and massaged it into my shoes.. I kid you not, my shoe was thirsty and it sucked in all that lotion. Following that, she applied layers upon layers of shoe wax and polish.   I was thinking, that's a lotta polish and wax but she went on and on...  Then she brushes it, then she oils the shoes, more massaging, more brushing, more oiling.  aaahhhhhhhh what else is she gonna put on the shoe?  A BLOWTORCH...Well, I ain;t telling you no more, cos it would be a spoiler.All I say is.. I doubt many will read this review in YELP , cos who'd read a shoe shine stand review.   But if you do, make a stop at this shoe shine stand.. and experience for yourself a real shoe shine and happily hand over a fat tip.  And guess what... I always always stop at this shoe shine stand..
5	Incredible shoe shine which trumps any shine I have had in northeast cities (that were usually 3x as much). Blow torch is best part! Worth the wait and a must if Charlotte is a stop for business.
1	Burned a pair of beautiful leather shoes to a crisp . Every other shoe shine since shocked & disgusted with their stupid flame idea !
5	When I travel for business I always "give" myself a shoeshine at whatever airport I'm traveling through. Most are okay, but this place rocks!   This was easily the best shine I've ever received. The fellow spent almost 20 minutes on my shoes and they were in pretty good shape to begin with.  The gentleman in the seat next to me said he comes through every week on business and always stops here.  I can see why.  The owner has one more location at the Denver airport. I'll have to give it a try to see if they're as good as this group. These people truly deserve the accolades!
5	I travel often and I've never had a shoe shine as good! Don't miss out if you get the chance.
5	They are friendly and funny
5	I have never had a shine anywhere like this. My second one. I am just frustrated that I don't fly through Charlotte with more time on a regular basis.
5	These guys were terrific. Probably the best shine I ever had. Shoes look as good as new and they're almost three years old. So many steps and great attention to detail. All this for $5. Terrific service.
4	They give good quality service. I was pleased with my shine. Cost for shoes is $5 plus tip. It represents good value.
5	Incredible! My shoes look better than new and they were very meticulous. It was the best $5 I have spent in a very long time and warranted a generous tip. They clean, apply multiple coats of wax and polish, and seal it all with a blow torch. I'll be stopping for a shine every time I travel through CLT.
5	This shoe shine company makes me re-think every 5-star review I've ever given, because they simply stand out -- in service and quality -- from nearly everyone else. I am even considering specifically flying to the Charlotte airport with a bag of shoes for them to shine and head back home.Well worth the inevitable wait. These shine experts spend a solid 20 minutes (if you have the time) to provide a truly top notch shine. As other reviewers note, they condition your shoes multiple times. This is huge. 99% of shoe shiners just give your shoes a quick clean before applying shoe polish which, over time, can be damaging for your shoes.The torch? I mean, c'mon -- amazing.I have now been to both the Denver and Charlotte locations, and they are both fantastic.I gladly tipped $10 on top of the standard $5. These people deserve it.
