4	They have a slew of martini specials.  I tried the bubble gum and strawberry lemonade martini.  Both were very delicious.  The food is great.   I tried the Cajun chicken sandwich, steak salad, and my favorite the Charles special.  The Charles special is named after the owner.  It's a mixed green salad serviced with candied pecans, berries, and raspberry vinaigrette.  Aside from the delicious food, they have drink specials.  My favorite night is Saturday.  On Saturday's they have a party hosted by Money B of Digital Underground.  The DJ plays old school Hip Hop music and current hits.  I will definitely be back.
5	I love this place! The food is great, service is on point, and it's close to my home. I highly recommend you check it out.
5	The Best Burger I have had in Las Vegas!!!!
3	we went here with a couple friends for drinks after dinner.  at first, we were the only ones in here at around 11 o'clock.  the waitress was really nice and very helpful in explaining what was in each of their cocktails.  the place started to pick up around midnight, when they have their happy hour (2 bucks off drinks, 1/2 off appetizers).  we ordered the calamari (it was weird, we were expecting the calamari rings, but get it in steak form - our fault though, because it said it was a calamari steak in the description).the place itself is pretty cool.  its clean and has a lot of seating.  the cocktails were good.  i would say, stop in if your in the neighborhood.  its a great place to hang out and have a conversation.
4	Since the takeover of Red Stone Grill, we've been meaning to visit Straight Up Gaming and Martini Lounge.  A recent  Yelp event gave us a taste, which was a good thing since we found ourselves in the neighborhood earlier this week.I remember they were offering Happy Hour from 4 pm to 7 pm, so we scooted our butts in for some Monday night football.Happy Hour means half all appetizers (except the Spicy Ahi) and $2 off drinks.After walking in and the bartender greeting us, we took a seat in the dining room in front of the large screen.  With a pretty decent selection of apps to choose from, we decided on four:* Potato Pancakes "Ham, potato and chive pancakes with applesauce and your choice of horseradish or sour cream." ($7.99)  Four pancakes that are lightly fried and tasty.  We automatically got sour cream with ours, which was no biggie since we didn't even remember horseradish was an option.* Crab Cakes "Crab cakes drizzled with our creamy mustard sauce and pineapple relish." ($10.95) - You actually get crab cakes, as in the plural, when you order this.  Three to be exact.  And the creamy sauce added to this dish very nicely.  You can tell there's definitely a decent amount of crab and not just filler in these cakes.* Chicken Wings "Ten wings served with celery, carrots and your choice of ranch or bleu cheese dressing.  Available in BBQ, Honey Mustard, Teriyaki, or Buffalo style." (Boneless $11.95 / Traditional $10.95)  The Husband remembers seeing other yelpers order this from before, so he was game to get his own share.  I was surprised when the order of 11 wings showed  up.  He chose boneless and buffalo style.  They were meaty pieces of poultry and what a steal at half off! * Queso Cammarones "Shrimp, artichoke hearts and sauteed spinach, melted together in a blend of provolone, romano and parmesan cheeses.  Served with tortilla chips." ($8.95) - Your basic artichoke and spinach dip, but taken to a new level with shrimp hidden underneath.  It's a heavy dish and you definitely need to share this one for sure! Service - what can I say?  Our waitress was friendly, the owner said hello when he passed by, and someone from the kitchen came by to chat with us not once, but twice!  And the bartender thanked us for coming in when we left!  They are a friendly bunch here!  We even got little martini shakers as gifts during out visit! Other appetizers worth checking out would be their oysters on a half shell, bleu cheese tomatoes, and red pepper hummus! Next time!Overall, I'm always pleased when I find a restaurant with great happy hour specials and Straight Up definitely offers some good ones! They also have different events for each day...better call ahead to double check if they are still going on though!Mondays: Buy One Get One Specialty Martini 1/2 off 7 pm to close; karaoke at 10 pm with Karate KaraokeTuesdays: 2 for 1 Tacos, 2 for 1 Coronas, $4 MargaritasWednesdays: Live Jazz at 9 pmThursdays: 50% Off Specialty Martinis for Ladies from 7 pm to midnightFridays: Live Hawaiian and Reggae Bands at 11 pmSaturdays: Beauty Industry receive $3 off Specialty Martinis and 50% AppetizersSundays: Sunday Brunch at 10 am to 2 pm; Hospitality Industry receive 50% food and drinks all day; Wii Games from 6 pm to closing with a winner getting a free well drink!Update!  We returned the following week...* Roasted Red Pepper Hummus "Served with crispy tortilla chips." ($6.95) - It's served with pita chips, not tortilla chips.  But that wasn't the problem, the hummus was really dried out.  Not sure if they make their own, but it was definitely lacking in olive oil.  I thought I had tried it before at an event, but I guess not.  Nonetheless, I brought home the leftovers and added some EVOO to help bring it back to life.  It still was lacking.We also ordered the chicken wings again and attempted to order their "Spicy Garlic" style, which was something off the menu.  Unfortunately, the day we went, that chef working wasn't familiar with that style.  He did offer to make it for us, but we decided to stick with what was on the menu.  They also ran out of ranch dressing.  We were told they make it fresh, and the waitress was able to scrape up a little bit of what was left.  But by the time she asked if I needed more, the wings were done. Oh well.
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. The atmosphere is modern with some paintings that don't really match the place. It's also pretty dark in the bar, which i like.The good, The food is delicious. All of the burgers are amazing. Happy Hour.The badYou never really know what your gonna get. The food takes FOREVER sometimes.Incident 1I ordered a Tex Mex burger on a previous visit. It was one of my favorite burgers I've had. It had spicy sauce on it and large peppers. I ordered it again and it was a totally different burger. No sauce at all, a few little peppers, but thats it. Lettuce tomato and a few little peppers. Both times the burger took over 40 mins.Incident 2Me and my girlfriend stopped in. She ordered a parfait and I ordered a burger. About 15 minutes later the bartender asks if cereal is ok for the parfait. They ran out of granola. My girlfriend says yes. 15 minutes after that, my burger comes out. It takes another 10 minutes for the parfait. The parfait is not a parfait. It's frosted flakes, with a little fruit and whipped cream instead of yogurt. This took over 30 minutes to make? We received a free appetizer card for the trouble. But, they did not even take the "parfait" off the bill.Incident 3Me and a couple friends decided to go for beers and food. One of my friends couldn't decide what he wanted. The bartender told him about a pollenta dish that was good. He ordered it. 15 minutes later he notified him they were out of pollenta.I don't know if the kitchen is always short stocked, or if the chefs don't care.Even after all of this, I would still recommend the food. It's great for bar food.  Really good. I just might not be going back for a while.
4	Awesome Happy Hour! Half off appetizers from 5pm to 8pm and 12am to 2am and $2.00 off drinks. Went here just to try it out and I have to say I like this place. It's not too crowded, delicious food, and the staff is really friendly. I ordered the Chocolate Love drink, which is my favorite so far. Oysters are delicious and even more delicious during happy hour because you get 10 oysters for $5.50. Spicy Ahi ($12.95 not included during happy hour) is probably my favorite, I highly recommend trying it! Nachos with ground beef is a big portion, good to share, as for taste I have to say it was pretty good. Wings was a bit dry and over cooked.
5	Always a blast when hanging out here. It is a very creative concept with the specialty drinks and fun atmosphere. All the bartenders are amazing and fun. Most certainly will return!
3	hawaiian reggae on Friday nights!very island feel on Fridays.the drinks are strong and the staff is friendly!met the owner and he's very personable..don't know how it is on other days... but i do know that they have themed nights.. like comedy night, karaoke night..etc.the food is good.. though one time we ordered and it took FOREVER..if it weren't for the strong drinks and good music.. we probably would've been pissed...  the drinks forgave the long wait!it's very cozy and i always have fun on fridays! :D
5	My wife and I went here recently for some Thursday night football.  While there, we had some appetizers because they are half off during happy hour.  My favorite thing was the artichoke dip and chips.  Those chips are amazing! Made me want to go back for more!
2	I've visited Straight Up twice now- the first time would have been the last if it weren't for a gift certificate I won. The bar service on the first visit was the worst I have ever experienced. They have this Jersey Shore reject with NO SKILL as a bartender- she is slow, lazy, forgetful, easily confused and down right rude. No joke, I cannot think of one redeeming quality she exhibits. We had intended on ordering some food but just couldn't stand to be in her presence any longer. The second visit was better- the bartender was decent and the service was moderately better (but it was also an exceptionally slow night). Of the 3 dishes we ordered the spicy Ahi tuna is the only one worth mentioning- the tuna was decent quality and prepared very well.At the end of the day you have to ask- there are 5 other bars in the area with the same type of food and atmosphere- why bother with this place?
5	We are cerrtainly happy we hadn't read other reviews before we stopped here because we would have missed out on a great meal and time.  My wife enjoyed a fabulous chocolate covered cherry martini and we had 2 appetizers (which were half price) and a turkey reuben and a cheesesteak.  Both sandwiches melted in your mouth.  We had so much food we took half home and had lunch the next day.  We also took dessert home, which was awesome.Our server was wonderful and one of the owners stopped by to say hi, when we mentioned we were from his home state of Ohio.  We were only there a week and I would have stopped by several more times, but my wife wanted to try a variety of restaurants.This will definitely be a must on our next trip.  Don't judge a book by its cover!
4	Wife and I stopped in for appetizers after hearing recommendations from a couple people at Buffalo WW during a NCAA finals game.  We had crab cakes ($11) and spicy seared Ahi ($13).  Both were excellent and with a nice unexpected presentation. The spicy Ahi was not that spicy, which I appreciated.  Michelle was our server and I think she is one of the managers, if not she should be.  She is very attentive, very nice and made us feel like regulars, which we will be.  It was medium busy at 8 PM on a Sat night.  There are lots of TVs of course and some machines, and a separate dining area if you don't want to sit in the bar area.
4	Me and a friend stopped by this place because we thought the building was so cute. Appetizers were amazing. . . Service for food was a little slow but the bartender was great. . . Drinks are awesome! I love alcohol and I love gummy worms. Put the two together and I'm in heaven! They also have stuffed olives nomnomnomnom! I wish the inside decor was as cool as the outside of the place. All and all it was a fun and yummy experience
2	I really wanted to like this place as I live just down the street.  I am reviewing dinner here, in the dining room.  Soup of the day--some sort of tomato and pasta soup.  The pasta was beyond mush, not edible.  I got the pecan crusted salmon with sauteed spinach and red potatoes.  The salmon was abnormally fishy--perhaps not the freshest?  But the pecan crust and balsamic drizzle were tasty.  The spinach was sauteed in (what seemed like) the equivalent of an entire tub of margarine.  I had to put a paper drink napkin under the spinach to try to soak up some of the margarine...a completely drenched napkin later, I sill had margarine spinach.  For the cost of the amount of margarine used they could have used a teaspoon of REAL butter.  The red potatoes I was expecting were home fries (breakfast potatoes).  My husband's Cajun chicken sandwich was as he described, they driest sandwich he'd ever eaten.  The potato salad that came with the sandwich was amazing, however.  For dessert, creme brulee, which the menu indicated as a restaurant favorite.  Hmm, it was more eggy than creme brulee should be, and was left unfinished--a rare occurrence in our history of encounters with this tasty dessert!  The service was also very slow and inconsistent.  The table next to us ordered a cup of soup right after us and got it 10 minuets before us.From the other Yelp reviews it seems better to stick to traditional bar food--basically stay away from the second half of the dinner menu.
2	We were famished  and thirsty after a long day of moving.  We popped in to Straight Up at about 10:00 on Wednesday night.We sat at the bar, per the bartenders request.  He said he could serve us better there.  And, boy did he! He was so friendly and funny.  Really nice throughout.  We agreed on sharing three apps.  It was 1/2 price wings so we couldn't resist a bargain. We also ordered the queso de camarones and irish potato fritters.  The wings were good.  No complaints there.  The queso de camarones was described as melted cheeses with shrimp, artichokes and spinach, served with chips.  Words cannot describe the sludge we were served.  The consistency was so odd.  It was almost like mashed potatoes??  Furthermore, it wasn't cheesy or flavorful as anticipated.  The irish potato fritters were not fritters at all.  There were a bland, boring potato cake.  Not the light fluffy "fritter" I imagined.  Good beer and wine selection, open 24 hours, prices are reasonable, service is great.  Just don't go expecting anything great from the food!
3	Straight up now tell me do you really wanna.......Ok, I'll admit that it's pretty horrible for a 28 year old man to be quoting Paula Abdul songs, but come on, you thought of it too right?  Right?I came here for lunch the other day, here are a few random ratings:Gia (bartender) - 4 stars  Nice, friendly, and made me a delicious cocktail.  I was drinking vodka lemonade, which I don't normally mess with, but it was wicked hot out.  Gia kept it strong, and not too sweet, like the governator.  Poker Machines - 0 stars It took my money.  Hawaiian Burger - 3 stars  This burger was cooked to my specifications, had  a delicious pineapple slaw, melted cheese, and jalapenos.  The jalapenos were canned and had that salty, pickled flavor.  It would be immensly more tasty using fresh peppers.  Sweet Potato Fries - 5 Stars  Perfectly crispy, light, and tasty.  Maybe the best sweet potato fries in town.  *I hear they have open mic comedy nights here.  I haven't checked it out yet, but I really want to get up there and see if I can crack some laughs.  "What's the deal with airplane food?"
3	Not sure what to think about this place.  We went more for dinner, not drinks and I think that was our mistake.The bar side had several people who sounded like they were having lots of fun, but we went to the empty dining room side.  They were low on staff, so the bartender/perhaps manager/owner was serving us and you could tell it wasn't his normal area.  Service was slow and we ordered crab cakes, seared ahi tuna and a burger.The crab cakes were ok, the ahi tuna was bleh and the burger seemed pretty good.We ordered two drinks, and they were the highlight of the meal!  So if I were to go back, I'd go back for drinks!
1	Open 24 hours MY ASS.I came here with my boyfriend yesterday at 7:30am for breakfast. We decided to come here because they have some island style dishes on their breakfast menu, like Hawaiian French Toast,  Loco-Moco, and Island Breakfast. Unfortunately we never got to try ANY of that because when we got there, the door was locked. There was a buzzer to press to get someone's attention, but they never came, despite the fact that we buzzed FOUR times and waited for 10 minutes just standing there. As we waited, we peered through the windows. There was loud music playing and the lights were all on, but we didn't see a single person. We knew their had to be at least two employees in there though because there was a motorcycle and a silver suv parked right out front and those were the only other cars in the parking lot besides ours. We even went as far as looking up their phone number so we could call them two times, but still, NO ONE ANSWERED. I don't know if the people were sleeping or doing something else, but I really don't think this place should be "open 24 hours" if they won't even open their doors for breakfast!
5	Check this place out!!  We used a restaurant certificate here and got 4-5 apps that were amazing!!The crusted ahi tuna, the hawaiian sliders, and the cheesecake were all great!!Service was very good as well.We will be back!!
1	It's amazing how an establishment can do a complete 180 in such a short amount of time. Rude bartenders, sub-par food. . . such a disappointment from my first experience here. So on my first visit back I had a Restaurant.com coupon for this place and was very excited to try it again. Unfortunately, their kitchen was closed and they were out of almost everything at the bar. But the bartender was nice enough about it explaining that they had just had two big parties over the weekend. No big deal, we'd be back.On our return visit, the kitchen was open, but they were out of a lot of stuff, so we decided to just get their tapas. The tacos, both chicken and steak, were bland and the poke was not poke but 3 big chunks of tuna with soy sauce on it, I was also given the wrong drink. . . with not so much as an "I'm sorry" or "I'll make you another one". When we were asked how the meal was, my dining companion answered truthfully, and the bartenders response was "Well you ate everything." The cook was standing nearby and asked the bartender if he should remake or comp the food, his response "No, they have a coupon anyway" And to top it all off, when I went to pay, the bartender made a comment about the fact that I was paying, so why should my friend complain about the food. The meal might have only been $10, but I'd rather pay full price to get decent service, good food and not be insulted.
