2	I tend to avoid chain breakfast joints, but last month Brak and I had a great experience with an IHOP in Roswell, NM. So good, in fact, that we went twice on that trip. So when I suggested a visit to the new local IHOP this morning, he was agreeable.What a mistake. Our first frustration was the noise-levels in the waiting area. The music (include radio DJ chit-chat) was so loud that the hostess had to walk from group to group and repeat the customer name in almost a shout in hopes of figuring out whose table was ready. I asked her to turn down the music, but she gave me a puzzled look and said "What? What?"We were seated within a few minutes, but our table wasn't exactly ready. It had pools of water on the seats and the table itself. Even after the hostess's attempt at drying it off, there was water still pooled around the condiments after we had finished eating. Perhaps this is the source of Mesa's mosquito problem.The food itself was standard and not bad. I had a short stack of buttermilk pancakes, which were good but not memorable. Our waitress was pleasant, but she had to talk to us in such a loud voice (over the music, still bad in the dining area, and now also the loud talk of the customers trying to hear one another) -- basically I had a hard time not feeling like she was yelling at me.Twice during our short meal waitstaff came out of the kitchen to sing for a customer's birthday. It was singing, I think, but my ears were ringing too much to know because the waitresses started out the song by walking through the dining area actually shrieking and screaming. It was so awful I can barely describe it. Several people in other booths had their hands over their ears, and one little boy across from me was visibly upset.On the whole, I think a couple of good lessons can be learned from this experience:-- This new IHOP location hasn't been able to hire a competent manager yet.-- Everything is better in Roswell.We won't be back.
4	This is a brand new IHOP that opened about a year ago to replace the older one that closed off Main and Dobson.   The place is bright, new and fun, with the same old IHOP menu that we all know and love.I have been here a few times now and like it.  The new place really brings some life versus the old one off main that closed.  Service is great, and I got the pancakes with 2 eggs this morning.  Plenty of seating, parking is good, and not much of a wait for 9 AM on a Saturday.  Like every other place, the longer you wait to get in here, the longer your going to spend waiting for breakfast.  Obviously, most breakfast joints are packed on the weekends anyways, and IHOP is no different.Food was tasty, service was great, and I will be back in the future for more!
5	Great as always, and kids eat free!
3	My time is short, so I will be brief. The food is great here. The waitress I had was friendly. However, the prices are too high for people like myself who have to watch their spending.
5	I rather enjoy this location for a nice breakfast. The service is generally good, and the food is typically out in a timely manner, no matter how crowded the dining room may seem. Plus, as I mentioned in my earlier tip, they always play great music (Sirius/XM 70's on 7). Today's trip was no different. The only quasi-hiccup was that there was no hostess immediately available to seat the small congregation that had started to gather in the lobby. But the wait was minimal as soon as Lynn realized that we had been waiting.Lynn is the first waitress I have ever encountered who could serve beverages faster than I could drink them...which is quite the feat, in my humble opinion.All in all, rave reviews. Many thanks to Lynn! If you're looking for a healthy breakfast, try the Simple + Fit Two Egg Breakfast w/2 extra Egg Beaters (if you're looking for extra protein). It comes with dry toast and fresh fruit for around $12. Enjoy!
3	Wow! I haven't been to IHOP in years! I think I got bougie due to all the trendy brunch spots I've been exposed to.  I like how bright, shiny and new it is!  Even though I don't eat meat, I love how they now have turkey sausage.  The fruit was really fresh and thank you to our waitress for letting us sample some to check.  She was a fantastic waitress!  I ordered the Spinach & Mushroom Omelette with egg substitute and pancakes.  My friends ordered the Garden Omelette and Eggs and Turkey Sausage.  Everything was fine, but I definitely see how my palette has matured, lol.  I miss the country griddle pancakes IHOP used to have!
1	Went in here this morning and stood at the front for 7-8 minutes and was not helped by anyone. Needless to say  walked out. Won't be back here anytime soon.
4	What can I say, it's Ihop. Food is nothing spectacular, but the service was awesome! I had a very pleasant dining experience here.
4	Waitress is friendly and cute. Drinks out quickly. She also remembered the hot sauce. Food was out in 14 minutes, still hot and everything tasted fresh. Waitress was awesome, attentive, and nice. I would definitely eat here again.
1	Usually IHOP is a safe bet for breakfast. You get a delicious meal at a great price, in a timely manner. Yesterday was the exception! My family and I decided to eat at Mesa Arizona's IHOP for the first time as they just moved into the neighborhhod. We arrived at 11:23 am and were promptly seated by a curteous, and very professional hostess. So far so good. We looked over our menus for the next ten to fifteen minutes. When our waitress finally decided to show up; her appearance was something for the books! She had on more make-up than crusty the clown with bright blue eyshadow that could be seen from outterspace!!! She took our drink order and food order at the same time. We waited, and waited and about fifteen minutes later our drinks came out. Well.... we waited, and waited. The time is now 12:21 and we politely asked when our food would be ready. Our waitress came back five mins later and stated that the cooks were working on our order. In the meantime other patrons have already come and gone. At 12:47 our food finally came out  in fragments. There was gravy all over the bottom of my plate, my potates were cold, eggs were cold, and pancakes were sauggy. Long story short; That was the most grotegue excuse of a waitress that I have ever expirienced. My food might have been good, but I wouldnt know... I had cold leftovers!! I would not reccomend this IHOP to anyone! Especially when you consider there are so many other restraunts in the same parking lot!!!
1	Poor service, tables and seats dirty.
1	When you enter a restaurant feeling good and you leave it feeling nauseous, then there is nothing to be said. Quote the Raven : "Never more."
1	Service by the waitress (Laura) and cleanliness were fair.  Problem became when I had asked for my eggs to be scrambled with the cheese in them while they cook not melted on top of the eggs after.  Laura assured me no problem.  Eggs came out and the cheese had been melted on top after the eggs had been cooked and then mixed up with a fork.Laura asked if they could remake the eggs and I politely responded that I just never feel comfortable sending food back.  Asked if they would just charge me for the pancakes, bacon and coffee.  Again she asked if they could remake the eggs.  I said no thanks and she responded she would get the manager.Manager came over asked if they could remake the eggs and I again responded no thank you.  She said they would take the eggs off the bill.  Brings the bill and in fact did not take the eggs off but also instead of charging me the $1.00 upcharge for the bacon that came with the meal charged me $2.99 for a side of bacon.I had to ask for the manager to come back and argue with her about the charge for the bacon and have her bring over a menu to show her the upcharge was only $1.00.  (She apparently as a manager does not know their own menu).  She gave up at trying to listen to me at this point and just said "Well we are just comping the meal."Very annoying!  I am always happy to pay for what I eat but shouldn't be charged for food that was not prepared as requested.Won't be back.
5	Sampler dish is soooo good... Staff is always friendly...
1	this was the worst place in america!!  i'm headed to work which takes 15min from the 101/ray in chandler.  i call as i'm leaving my house to place a to go order.  i was placed on hodl, i drove all the way there, while on hold.  i walk in the place expecting to see a full house of customers. to my surprise i see only 6 people or less eating.  as i wait for 4 minutes to get service, levy, appearing to be the manager on duty, stolls his ass from the back tucking in his shirt.  i show him my phone an asked him," who is this on hold".  he doesn't realize that it was me calling, and that he left me on hold.  i pointed to his landline phone, as it's flashing red, for being hold.  i said what r u doing? and y am i on hold for more than ten minutes.  his response was, i was transfering u to one of my servers to take ur order.  obviously i walked out, he never tried to make it right with me.  no sorry, what can i do, nothing!!  i think it is absolutely ridiculous how people can still be working with this kind of service.  if i had to pick one word, sssssssssssaaaaaaaaaaaaaadddddddddddddddd!!!!!!
1	Place smelled like smoke was very dirty even though there was only 3 seated tables . A long wait to be seated and pay ticket only ate two bites of my omelet and found a Chunk of wood the omelet tasted like a smokers mouth my coffee jar was cold and stale. -10 stars
