4	It's odd that a California-based chain would be invited to set up shop in a hotel dedicated so religiously to the Big Apple. Located in New York-New York, this trattoria boasts an exhibition kitchen with a wood-burning oven that produces roast chicken and duck and a variety of pizzas. Also on the menu are homemade pastas, mesquite-grilled fish, steak, and chops, fresh seasonal salads and soups, and an array of desserts and Italian coffees. It's a nice change from the buffets, and decidely better than the San Francisco location, which has been in a decline the past few years.
3	go to cafe chloe instead.if you must stay on the strip and want italian, go to spago
1	I don't give a lot of restaurants ratings this low. However, this place sucks and is over-priced.
1	my meal was fantastic.... pasta with scallops and shrimp... nice bottle of chianti... on the pateo... I would have given it a good rating .....but....the roasted chicken that my girlfriend had undeniably gave her food poisoning and she spent 36 hours immediately afterward face down in our hotel room at New York, New York. That sucked!So, buyer beware!
4	I like this place, it has really good authentic Italian. It's located on the bottom floor of the hotel, right by the casino. They have really good breakfasts too, but everything is a bit pricey. If you're looking for it to be romantic, sit inside, otherwise if you're on the patio then you can people-watch. Always interesting.
2	This place it average at best.   Our meal was a mixed bag of good and bad.   On the good side, took our reservations and when we showed up on time we were promptly seated.   Also, they had a very nice Carpaccio appetizer.   That was well done.   That was it... no more good.On the bad side,  all of the dinners were rather bland and tasteless.   My wife's lamb chops were nothing to write home about.   Several of us had pasta.   My chicken, bacon and cheese pasta had cheese and maybe a speck or two of bacon.   The chicken must have out run the chef that day.   It was nowhere to be seen.   The server forgot my friend's order, although she did write them all down.  So he had to wait while they rushed his order through which left him to snack on bread as he waited.  Oh wait, the bread was emptied in the first 5 minutes we were there, and no refills on bread or water.   (Wow, I felt like I was in jail!)  When his meal finally came, it was more than Al Dente... it was almost stiff!   The next time we saw any server, it was to present us with the bill.   Oh well.   Was IL Fornaio bad?  Not really.   Was it disappointing?   You bet it was.   Was it worth the money?   No way.    Will I be back?   Nope, I will try many new places before I come back here.
3	Decided to eat here because it had "outdoor" seating next to New York New York's indoor stream. Was seated immediately (around 9:00pm). Waiter warned that the bread basket would be addictive - but he was wrong. The olive bread tasted too much like olive - I guess I don't like olives. The sesame roll was kinda dry. Sourdough was OK - interior wasn't as soft and chewy as I was hoping. I ordered the promising sounding special - pesto penne pasta with sun-dried tomatoes and roasted pistachios. It was OK, but not amazingly so. For $16, I was hoping for something with more pesto flavor. SO had Cannelloni Con Pollo - Large pasta tubes filled with roasted chicken, swiss chard, ricotta, pecorino and parmesan cheese, onions and applewood-smoked bacon; baked in the wood-fired oven with bechamel and topped with sauteed champignon mushrooms and marinara sauce. Sounds fancy, doesn't it? Well, it's just thin sheets of pasta with stuff wrapped up in it. Like an egg roll, but steamed rather than fried. Maybe it was me, but I couldn't really taste all the swiss chard, pecorino, etc. I wouldn't order it again.
3	Went on a lark after a few days at the convention center, looking for some decent Italian, maybe a nice pizza.Ordered eggplant parmesan and a pizza to split between two people.  The portions were fine, and the eggplant was not bad.  The pizza, though, was nothing special at all.  In fact, it was slightly tricky to eat since the "crust" [a term I will use loosely here] was neither foldable nor particularly firm.The table itself was too small and the waiter was very slow and forgetful.  When the pizza came out, as the guy sliced it he knocked into a glass and spilled a bit-- a combination of tiny table and clumsiness, though I'm not factoring "these things happen" in to my impression.At the end of the day, the place was a little bit more expensive than it really should be and the atmosphere was somewhat lacking, but it wasn't horrible and perhaps you might have a better experience with a larger table and some different menu choices.
1	the food was average.  nothing horrible, but definitley nothing great.  our waiter was the worst waiter i have ever had.  we were served bread right away.  but no water to go with the bread.  after sitting there for 20 minutes, he finally came over to take our order.  20 minutes was extemely long since he only had one other table.  he didn't write any of the order down.  so, of course, my salad that came out was not the salad that i ordered.  he then came out and asked me again what i had ordered.  horrible service.  i would never go here again.
5	Very good food..... the service was okay .. we were seated fairly quickly,but our waitress was no where to be seen after she took our order. They have a separate bakery for sandwiches and baked goods.  We bought some bagels and some other things which were very good and fresh.  Yummy...
5	Well, sorry for everyone who didn't have a good time here but Il Fornaio rocked my wedding reception! I got married in Vegas, unfortunately not by Elvis, and this place laid out a great spread! It was pretty, elegant actually, and the food was really good. I had a preset menu for guests and they all told me afterward how great the food was, yadda yadda. Good times were had by all. The servers were always nearby to fill wineglasses--they were extremely polite and professional. I even had one let me take the restaurant's wineglass with me since I was still drinking from it after all the guests had left!  haha It was actually someone's glass--don't know who drank from it before and I didn't really care. It was gggoooddd! That's what I'm talking about!
4	We had a great time here.  The food was very good, the wine that we picked was good and our waiter was excellent.  Turns out he was from the Chicagoland area and we played "catch up" for a bit about Chicago.  The only downside was that it was getting busy as we were leaving and the check took forever to get.  I would come back here, though.
4	This is one of my favorite Vegas spots.  I always make sure to fit in a visit here.  I order the same thing every time - pasta with chicken and sundried tomatos.  It is YUM!!!  The bread basket is fantastic also.  Even though you are siiting smack dab in the middle of the hustle and bustle of the casino I find this place very relaxing -  I like to sit in  "outside"  seating area with a "view" of the wheel of fortune slots!
4	Some things are better than others and if you choose the right dish you won't be disappointed. This is not "American" Italian food so if you like Olive Garden, this place isn't for you.Two appetizers to knock your socks off - the Carpaccio, and Polipo Con Patate! Yeah, you have to like raw beef for one and octopus for the other, but you are in Vegas baby, try something different.Delicious Cioppino (Tuscan-style fish soup with monkfish, seabass, mussels, clams, scallops, prawns, tomato and herbs).Very good Fiadoni Di Pietro (salmon stuffed spinach ravioli) - the saffron sauce was awesome.Well - obviously I like Italian seafood. If you are one of those people who is stuck on Italian food being heavy cheesy, pasta with sauces - branch out a little and try the seafood. You'll be pleasantly surprised - especially in Las Vegas!
2	I was not impressed at all with this restaurant;  I come from a very Italian area/family in Ohio, and am used to some great Italian food.  I was sorely disappointed.  Granted, I am not into the real fancy schmancy kind of Italian that seemed to be the forte on the menu, and I really could not even find many traditional and regular Italian dishes I recognized on the menu.  Perhaps it was just a bit upscale for me, I prefer the good old standard Italian dishes, and this is definitely not the place to get it.  Also, very overpriced for what you got.  The only thing I really found on the menu that appealed to me was the pizza ( go figure )  and even that was incredibly blah, no spice or flavor whatsoever.
1	Actually 0 starts, if there is a way to rate. The absolute WORST restaurant in Las Vegas. 1) Very long wait, and attitude.2) Ordered cioppino, dish half filled with broth and probably about 3 tiny pieces of seafood, I think it was over $30 for this. When I asked is this cioppino, and Ive never seen it like this , was told all restarants prepare it differently.2b) I sent it back (and I never do this to dishes) and ordered a pizza instead, and even the pizza was very weak. Trust me, if you went to the real New York, you'd be hard pressed to find worst pizza. Go to Rays, the pizza is $2 a slice, and WAYYYYYYYY better. There are much better than Rays too! 3) Menu selection horrid. 4) Sometimes, you pay for atmosphere, The atmosphere here was nothing special, I have no clue how they remain open.Go to Noras instead , about a zillion times better, authentic Italian. For the $ they charge, there is no excuse for this place. I'll never go to this place again.
3	Basic touristy italian food here. I thought maybe it would have been better figuring the price and the restaurant looked nice. I've been to Vegas a ton and know what to expect, but this one threw me for a loop.For an appetizer we had the fried zucchini and onion rings. I liked that. Interesting that they gave us tartar sauce.My entree was the vodka sauce which was bland. I asked for crushed red pepper and they gave me black pepper.The diet coke had a bandaid taste to it. That was odd.A plus here is people watching.
3	I had breakfast at II Fornaio and it was not bad. Good service and okay food. I got eggs (over easy) and it came with potatoes and bread. The potatoes were cold...and the eggs were a little too runny but it tasted okay. The bread was fresh-ish though. It wasn't anything amazing but we were all very hungry and it was a light and satisfying meal so it's good in my book!
4	In the midst of being very drunk and breaking up with my girlfriend while in Vegas, she declared a need for comfort pasta.  I remembered seeing this place while in NY, NY, so we crossed the street and sat down to soak up some alcohol.Given my state at the time, I don't remember a lot of the specifics.  I know I liked the food - it really hit the spot.  I know everyone was super nice and we sat right down late on a Sunday.  I have a feeling it was obvious something was up with the two of us, and they maybe went the extra mile a bit.I guess what I am trying to get at is that if you're ever in Vegas and need a little comfort pasta (and if you spend enough time in Sin City, you eventually will) this just might be what you are looking for. It certainly was for me.
2	The good: clean place, nice linen table cloth, you can sit where you are out near the crowds walking by, waiters are quite attentitive and friendly.The bad: the food was only edible. There were two of us and neither of us liked what we had although we were able to eat some of it. Would never eat here again.
2	Looks great, but looks are indeed deceiving. I don't know why but even when the inside was almost completely empty except a table or two, the waiter sat our group outside to inhale cigarettes while making us strain to hear our peers over the Casino noise. I agree that the food it only edible, nothing special. It just fills you up with carbs and leaves your taste buds with no worthwhile memory. The portions are small and the price is not worth it.
4	Very crowded, but it had a great atmosphere. The interior design looked very nice and had a comforting feel to it. Three different kinds of bread were served. It was pretty good. I ordered the Lasagna Ferrarese which was a fresh spinach pasta layered with meat ragu, porcini mushrooms, parmesan and bechamel. Wow, it came to me hot and delicious! The meat sauce was great with the bread. Mmm, I'd order that again. Anyway, great restaurant with great service :]
5	This is for the coffee/bakery shop inside the NY-NY hotel right? Anyways I have stayed at the NY-NY a couple times, work related and have had to get a quick bite to eat in the morning. This place is to die 4, I always get a bacon and cheese croissant that they warm up on a panini maker and their to die 4 latte. This latte is incredible, perfection always, the milk is smooth and creamy that I never need to add any sweetener. I love this place. The BEST LATTE EVER!
5	Came here for my 6 yr anniversary w/my bf - his choice.  I wasn't expecting much since I already visited the Il Fornaio in in Irvine, CA and I wasn't too impressed.I really want to like fresh pasta.. but I'm not that impressed by its chewyness and firm texture..Until I had it here.We started off w/two appetizers - prosciutto y melone and tomato fennel roasted ragu on bruschetta.  The proscuitto was super soft and melted in your mouth, just the way I remember it at my fav Italian restaurant in NJ, not the chewy, dried up smelly kind you find at some places : / .  Definite plus for them.  The ragu was ok I guess.. probably wouldn't order it again.  For our main courses, bf had the rigatoni vodka and I had the fettucini w/salmon, white fish, scallops, shrimp and calamari, both with fresh pasta.  It was sooo goood!! The seafood pieces were small but it was good for the dish so you could get a good bite with everything at the same time.  The pasta tasted fresh and wasn't chewy or too firm.  Deelish!So good we came back the next night since it didn't compare to other restaurants in NY NY =)
4	I've been here several times now, and always have a good experience.  This time was no exception.  The bread is crunchy and tasty and the water constantly filled.  I went with the Margarita pizza, which was big enough to share....others at the table cleaned their plates and were satisfied as well.  Plus, you can't go wrong with the people watching - some people be crazy in Vegas!
5	My bf and I come here every time we come to Vegas. And every time the food has been great, and the waitstaff friendly and quick. I had the lamb shank, and when it came out, I almost went into shock at the sheer size of the meat. So I took my fork and knife and attacked it the best I could, and I made a pretty good dent in it, but no where near finishing. And let me just say, I can sometimes eat like a bottomless pit. They give you some yummy bread, and I love their olive oil. I don't normally notice the taste of olive oils, but I like the taste of it at this restaurant. We also had the bruschetta as an appetizer, which was just delicious. But you only get three pieces, so get ready to fight over that third one. (I'm kidding, it's enough to share between two) Bf had the pasta with Italian sausage, which was just delicious. I can't wait to go back...
1	What a fucking JOKE!!!  I would rather eat the Italian food at Blueberry Hill than to go here again.  My wife had the pizza which was worse than Dominos.  A FROZEN California Pizza Kitchen pizza was better than this.  Aren't margherita pizzas supposed to have FRESH mozzarella and basil on them??  Horrendous.I got some kind of a rolled pasta that was supposed to have chicken, applewood smoked bacon along with a ton of other stuff.  It sounded delicious on the menu but it was basically mini ground chicken manicotti.  Frozen gyoza tastes better.  Unreal.  Save your money and go to Battista's instead!!!  Seriously!!
5	Whoa.  The best ravioli I have ever had!!!!! Knowing that it's inside NY NY in Vegas, I really didn't expect much and thought I would be lucky if it's edible but this was more than edible.  It was amazing and worth every penny.I highly recommend this place.
4	Flat out- really tasty tasty food.  We had caprese salad, bruschetta, and pasta.  Both of the apps were awesome-- very well done.  I had one of the chef specials, which was amazing, and my husband had the linguini mari-- he loved it.  Also, the bread to start was quite good and the olive oil was lovely.  I took off a star for service-- we had some time, so it was okay, but I was getting antsy to go do other things besides dinner before our show.
3	I've eaten at several il fornaio- first at the one in "downtown" Walnut Creek, CA.; then at the one in Coronado, CA.  I know what to expect from an Il Fornaio:  upscale, generic italian cuisine with hit-or-miss service and very crowded with yuppies, older people and families.  I go here with groups of people for a birthday dinner or what have you.  With my mom.  For those sorts of reasons.That being said, this Il Fornaio, located in the revitalized New York, New York casino, was not crowded at all (for sunday brunch) and everything was very passable.  Main complaint is that my eggs benedict had eggs that were not runny at all, while a fellow diner at my table ordered her eggs "over medium" and got them "over easy."  So they basically messed up the only two things you can mess up about those two orders.  But whatever- I can think of lot worse places to eat, and both the prices and portion sizes were reasonable (i.e. smaller portions)
3	Cucina Italiana is the coffee house and pastry shop offshoot of Il Fornaio. They are not open in the evening. I had a decent cafe mocha here and a blueberry scone that was really a muffin in scones clothing. They offer the standard lineup of coffee house drinks, assorted pastries and a few salads and sandwiches. The interior is nice and goes for a Manhattan coffee house look or something. Jazz and standards play loudly over the sound system.
3	My first dinner in Vegas and it was pretty good.  My friends picked an Italian place and we ended up here.  I ordered the Pennoni alla Vodka which had a delicious vodka-cream sauce and bits of bacon! yum.  The entree was $16.99, which is rather expensive for such a dish.  Though I blame it on being in Vegas where everything's marked up... and I suffered sticker shock the entire time I was there.The bread did come with balsamic vinegar and olive oil to dip in, however the bread would had been much much better if it was remotely fresh baked or even warm.  Next time in Vegas I'll prob try a different place for Italian food.
3	Good for a quick bite. I got ham and cheese on a crossant with egg that I had to pay extra for. 6 bucks is pricey for an egg sandwich but I guess everything here is a bit pricey. Very good sandwich though. Like I said good for a quick bite but nothing special.
4	I've been here almost every time that I'm in Vegas. The waitstaff are always attentive and friendly. This time around, I had the Carpaccio which consisted of thinly sliced raw beef, shaved Parmesan cheese, capers and wild arugula drizzled with lemon-olive oil. The raw beef was very tender and flavorful. I think it had a little bit too much of the shaved Parmesan cheese, but other than that it's a very yummy dish. I also had the Linguine Mare Chiaro which was very good and they didn't skimp on the seafood. It was filled with clams, mussels, prawns and scallops. The seafood was not overcooked, it was all done perfectly. I'll be back the next time I'm in Vegas again!!
4	**This is only for Breakfast***With being on a time constraint and wanting a semi nice breakfast (no McDonald's) we walked around NY NY trying to see if anything opened at that time (around 10am).  Not many things were opened besides the Chinese restaurant, Chin Chin, serving a breakfast buffet and Il Fornaio and a hot dog place.  We took a peak into Chin Chin and it was surprising a Chinese place was serving a typical standard American Breakfast: muffins, waffles, etc.  So we decided to chance it goin to Il Fornaio even though there's one in our town.I got the corned beef hash with fried polenta and gorgonzola, and poached eggs.  Bf had simliar dish but it was a corned beef hash omelette.  Both were amazing.  The polenta was so rich but not as crispy as I've had it before but still great.  Corned beef was seasons beautifully and poached eggs done to perfection.  Coffee and Cafe Latte was pretty good as well.  Very satisfying and it was reasonably priced for a nice restaurant on the strip.  I think it was around 30 dollars for both our meals w/ drinks.  I would totally go again and maybe try out dinner next time...OR just go to the one in my area..LOL.
4	The best dining experience we had in Vegas. Start with the Antipasto Della Casa and share an entree or order something light. Delicious meal and great service. Raised the bar for the rest of our trip for sure.
2	Not a bad place, but I would go for a seat inside the restaurant.I visited Il Fornaio with a group of seven who were in from out of town.  For some reason they really wanted to sit on the "patio" which is really just the area outside of the main restaurant right next to the slot machines.  As you can imagine that made for a really loud meal and the main thing that kept me from rating Il Fornaio any higher.We were here on a Sunday night, and had to wait about 10-15 minutes to be seated.  Like any Italian place, you get plenty of bread with vinegar and oil to tide you over while you decide on what to have.  I went for the margherita pizza, which was more than I could handle.  If I recall correctly it was in the 10-15 dollar range.  Most of the other entrees are a bit more pricey.  The wait staff was friendly but a little too attentive for my taste.  I don't need to be asked every 4 minutes if I'm ok, or have someone reach through my conversation to refill my water that's not even half gone.If I go back here, I'll definitely get inside seating.  The food is slightly above the Olive Garden.  I wouldn't absolutely rule this place out for a second visit, but it's far from your best option.
4	Went here for dinner after a long camping trip across the southwest.  Pretty darn tasty for the price, but the portion size was a bit small.  (I might have been a little famished from alot of hiking and not alot of eating though...)My gf had the chicken which had a few bones in it, which was a bit odd, but other than that, all good.Yummy bread with olive oil served, but we had to ask for balsamic, which was a little odd.There's a little "patio" area that's right next to the slot machines, and seems likea TERRIBLE place to sit...  We sat inside and it was quite nice.Waitstaff was VERY nice, almost overly so, but all in all good meal for a fair price in vegas.
3	I went for breakfast, the service was ok. I honestly expected more from this place. I had the french toast it was good but I think I could off been better. Although I was a bit disappointed with my meal/experience I think I might give it another try for dinner.
4	Stopped at Il Fornaio after a very long walk around the Vegas strip touring the various hotels and casinos. While I wasn't expecting much, thinking the hotel was a play on a theme but didn't take the whole New York concept seriously, I was pleasantly surprised. The food was amazing! Some of the best italian food on the west coast, and my mom lives out there so that's saying a lot. I ordered canneloni, which is hard enough to find as it is, and my friend had the lasagna. I wanted both for myself. Their menu was also decently priced, especially for Vegas. Our server was excellent. I wish I remember his name, but he was very nice and extremely helpful. He recommended a few little-known hot spots off the strip, and chatted with us despite being the only one serving the entire patio. We were also seated right away, which is a rarity on a holiday weekend in Vegas when you don't have a reservation.While I love the food and the atmosphere of the hotel itself was great, the set up of the restaurant was odd. They have a patio, which would normally be fantastic, but it's still inside the hotel, so you're actually eating on the casino floor. I love to people watch, but it was hard to hear any conversation with all the noise from the slots and passersby. Maybe if they covered it or put in a glass wall it would be a bit more bearable, but the food is more than worth the noise. If you're looking for great italian on a budget in Vegas, Il Fornaio is it!
4	I stayed at the New York New York hotel for my last impromptu night in Vegas.. We came back from a long walk and excitement from Treasure Island hotel and were famished!  We looked around 10pm and not many of the small places to eat were open at our Hotel... Luckily, Il Fornaio was still open and my friend was craving for italian anyways!  I actually ate at Il Fornaio in Downtown San Jose already so it was a chance for me to compare and know that the food no matter what would be good!Service may i say was EXCELLENT! a bit TOO EXCELLENT maybe.. is that possible? from the beginning to our meal to the end of our to go boxes, the service was impeccable.. I don't think i ever seen someone tie my to go box plastic bag that neatly and tidey before!!  Our waiter was very friendly and he made our experience here fantastically genuine!  We sat in the outdoor section near the corner for less of a noise.  It was very intimate and awesome to see the people around the hotel interact... *people watch*  ( don't tell me you guys don't do that!) Plenty of bread was provided with dipping sauce ( or butter if you ask) We ordered:1.  Conchiglie al Pollo $18 which consisted of shell pasta, chicken breast, broccoli, sun-dried tomatoes, roasted garlic, trebbiano wine, pecorino cheese 2. Turtei con Aragosta $24 which consisted of Fresh ravioli filled with fresh Maine lobster topped with shrimp, diced tomato and lobster-cream sauce I actually prefered the shell pasta dish.. it was very tasty.. I think i found out that raviolis aren't my pasta of choice..i will stick to my penne next time :)
5	We got a 2-for-1 deal at this place due to the package our room came with. It was definitely the best meal I had in Vegas. We had patio brunch there, and I ordered some kind of cheese omelette.. I love good cheese, and this was probably the best I've had on an omelette.Service was good, and the only annoying thing about the patio is the noise of the slots.
2	I had a room at NY NY, but I also had couple other rooms and luckily I didn't stay here because this place a DUMP! Incompetent front desk people, dumb dealers that can't count(3+Q+1+2+5 does not mean BUST!), shitty room, and the restaurant was such a rip off! I was briefed here upon arriving I was given 3 free nights, $25 freeplay, and 20% off dining in restaurant inside NY NY and this is what I got: #1 Room was a smoking room which reeked of smoke(I request non-smoking)#2 Freeplay was never granted or offered the lady said#3 20% off my ass! I got nothing!Our food order: Sword fish- did not taste fresh, at all or good! Seafood Linguine- Bland with couple shrimpsHalf Chicken- Dry with flavorless vegetablesMy two cents: Go across the street to MGM or Luxor instead!
2	My mom didn't know this was a chain when she sat down or she would've selected someone else for me to join her and others... overall it was a 2 star experience. It took forever to get coffee and then refills and that's not acceptable in my book when in Vegas on 3 hours of sleep. The french toast was fine, nothing more/nothing less. This is not a breakfast place.... I have enjoyed lunch at their Denver location.
4	Decided to try this restaurant on my last night at NYNY.  Even though the prices are steep, the food is food.  We order the seafood pasta and another calamari dish.  Everything had great taste and the service was excellent.
3	Decent Italian food. One of the better restaurants in NY-NY. Lines are usually long thought. Not sure why. Typical Il Fornaio food. Expensive Italian food. Good place for lunch; can't say it's good for dinner. Wine list can be improved.
3	Il Fornaio is a mixed bag, both in service and food.I've eaten here maybe a half dozen times or so.  The service I've had ranges from average to very good.  No real bad experiences, but every time I'm there the wait staff looks different, so the real bad reviews you see here may be partially attributable to high turnover.The food quality has always been good, but there is a wide variation in "heaviness" of the dishes.  The food is "northern Italian" which tends to be a bit richer than typical southern Italian dishes.  There is lots of dishes which feature heavier, creme-type sauces.  I personally don't prefer this, so I order lighter items such as the vegetarian pizza, spagetti with cuttlefish sauce (that's not it's exact name, but I can't remember it right now).  There is a couple simple salads which are excellent.  The desserts are also very good.  I've also had the mannicotti, which was okay, but had a heavy sauce which made it richer than I'd like.  I would recommend reading the descriptions carefully and asking your server for recommendations if not sure.The prices are pretty reasonable, so I'd dine here again.  It's much better than Regale next door at the Excaliber.
3	I was camped out by my favorite table, playing Sic Bo, at New York, New York so my family came to meet me here for dinner.  It was just average I think.  Nothing too exciting and nothing to get worked up about.  I had the capellini with tomatoes, basil and marinara.  The pasta was a smidge too al dente.  The hot chocolate was not too chocolatey.  If my family didn't join me for dinner I would've been happier with a Nathan's dog.
4	One of the best minestrone I've ever had in a restaurant! Impressive! Other pasta and dishes are good as well.
4	I was in town in January for the Consumers Electronic Show.  After walking the show and the strip for two days, fighting crowds, illegals aggressively pushing handouts for call girls, & disorientating casinos I was in the mood to have a relaxing sit down meal.  Unfortunately I found myself plodding with my partners in crime through the kitschy and less than memorable New York New York.  Desperate for sustenance we somehow stumbled upon this oasis in the sea of madness.  Price for Vegas, more than reasonable.  Atmosphere, inside was sublime, a break away from the noise and flash of the casino.  Bread delivered with a high quality olive oil for dipping. Impeccable service.  The sight and smells of chickens roasting and spinning over a wood fired oven.  My Linguine Mare Chiaro (Thin flat pasta with clams, mussels, prawns and scallops; seasoned with tomatoes, crushed red pepper, garlic and trebbiano wine for $24) more than filling and compelling.  ( http://www.flickr.com/photos/3rd-coast/4411067724/sizes/o/ )Is it the best Italian restaurant you will find in Vegas?  Probably not.  But it is the best food for accessible prices you are bound to find.  It is all about your preconceived notions; I expected too little and was shown how much a casino based restaurant can deliver.  For all the bitching about Vegas food and the restaurant prices, this is an oasis in a sea of mediocrity.
3	I've only eaten breakfast here, but probably 5 or six times.  It used to be really good, but then it went downhill a little so I haven't been back in quite a while.  I guess that falls into the "you probably shouldn't eat breakfast at an Italian restaurant in Vegas" category.  They just used to have really good sausage and bacon and after a while the quality seemed to decline and the food became a little bland.I would go back to try out lunch or dinner.  I have had dinner once at an Il Fornaio in Seattle and it was pretty good.  I think it fills the same niche as Lombardi's in the Miracle Mile shops - middle of the road Italian food.  It's probably a solid option in New York New York since (I think) the food options there are a bit slim.  Although, MGM and all of it's eatery options are just a skywalk away.
4	Nice n cumfy joint.
4	Prior to the night of not being able to remember anything and the day preceding the worst hangover I had ever experienced in my life, my fiance and I had Il Fornaio for dinner. I always love the ambiance of New York New York and since we were going to bling it out for the weekend, we thought we should have a nice dinner. Sat down and was greeted promptly by a server. Our waiter was awesome. I wanted to get down and dirty with the alcohol already but the server recommended something more tame. I had red wine and Cannelloni Con Pollo. The dinner was great! Felt like little Italy (although I haven't been there, I will soon!). We also had tiramisu for dessert. Thank you Il Fornaio for prepping my stomach for a liver-killing night! Awesome experience!
4	I agree with Bruno P.: their minestrone is excellent. If you don't go to a chain or a well-known restaurant, you kind of expect to get crappy, tourist-oriented food, but this was a very nice exception. I got a nice turkey panini, which they heated up on a panini grill; minestrone and a fruit tart, all of which were delicious. (I have to take off one star, though, because my husband's tuna sandwich was dry and not very good.)The atmosphere is pretty calm. It was a nice place to eat breakfast.
4	Chain restaurant but good food overall.  Not the best or the cheapest (ESP for cocktails, 10.95 for a small manhattan) but it's a solid choice if your searching for a late night meal.  They stay open 1 hr past almost all the other restaurants, so you have until midnight to get some food.Bread is bomb diggity!!!!
1	We drove from Phoenix for a midweek getaway with some friends in Las Vegas. We got in a little late and after a much-needed nap we decided around 11PM we were starving. After walking the strip we found the only seemingly-tasty eatery open at the New York-New York. Oh boy.They were very open, so it wasn't like we came in like inconsiderate morons right before closing. Our section was very understaffed; one elderly man taking orders, filling waters, and serving food to literally everyone dining at that hour. He was still really friendly and it got our hopes up.Iced tea was alright. Refills started lagging and I really understood however was bummed, because the food was all very, very... very salty. The bread was good, I always feel weird dipping bread into plain oil though, like one of those things Americans think is really upscale and authentic but it's really just something cranked out of the obese arteries that also crank out nasty 'Italian' chain restaurants like Macaroni Grill..We each started with a house salad. $10 at Il Fornaio gets you a pile of floppy browning lettuce doused in Kraft Italian dressing. Literally. Unimpressive. Husband ordered the penne with vodka sauce and I ordered the lobster ravioli with cream sauce. Ha.. ha.. ha.. After a 45-minute wait after the salads were cleared, we were served the worst excuses for pasta. My 11-year old sister could make better pasta. I guess to Il Fornaio, 'cream sauce' means 'brown gravy flavored with fish'. I guess 'vodka sauce' is Easy Mac sauce with a sour aftertaste. My lobster was horrid. I'm not sure what it reminded me of, but it was so tough, like overcooked shrimp. It looked like overcooked shrimp too. Our entrees were so unappetizing we just gave up. Let me add that my husband has been in military training for the past year and is completely used to less-than-gourmet, and even he couldn't eat this stuff.Disclaimer: I am not against paying top dollar for food that deserves it [the next night we had a grade-A experience at Shibuya which ran us almost double]. This food deserved maybe ten bucks, total, because it reminded me of Bertolli frozen pasta dinners. But we got stiffed for $80 [before tip] for this hot mess. I think it's pretty obvious when food is unsatisfactory, but rather than asking if something was wrong with our food [as the other restaurants demanding this amount of money do], joked he wasn't taking our plates until we ate at least half of each our dishes.I'm going to make this easy for everyone: Il Fornaio is good if all you're used to is Olive Garden.
3	Normally it's hit or miss w/this restaurant chain, when I came last year we had two phenomenal dinners here.  This time around, I wasn't as impressed.. I order the fresh pasta w/boar meat ragu.  The meat was almost cut up to like a ground beef, little sauce, and the pasta choice I didn't feel complimented my meal.  If I were blind folded, I'd tell u it was pasta w/meat sauce.. $20 pasta w/meat sauce..
3	Overall good food and good service. We had a party of 15 and the bill pre-tip was $185, drinks were orders were placed at the bar. Everyone was very happy with their pizzas and salads, and I was more than pleased with my lasagne order. The service was prompt and attentive and the hostess accomodated our group without a reservation. A nice spot for a good meal without surprises.
4	This was our first stay at NYNY hotel, and we absolutely LOVED the fact that this little breakfast place was literally a few steps away from the elevator to our room. For two mornings in a row, we ordered a large coffee, torta cannelini (cinnamon cake) and this almond cookie-white chocolate-almond cookie thing. All three were delish. We loved the vibe and sat in the corner, soaking up the lovely sounds of plinking from the casino machines on the floor.Convenient, affordable and yummy.
1	Um, skip.For the number of servers and waitstaff floating around, service was really shoddy.  It took over 10 minutes for our waiter to even greet us.  The cannelloni with chicken dish looked and tasted like it had been reheated.  A couple of the mushrooms in it were cold, and though the menu description mentioned bacon, there was none to be found.  The bruschetta was average at best, and didn't have any cheese on it.  And all of that food came out after the table beside us - seated 20 minutes after us - got their entrees.  WTH?For shelling out $25 and dealing with the hoighty toightyness of the waiter who barely paid any attention to us, a lot more is expected.  I'd rather have munched on those awesome looking fish and chips at the fish fry place.
4	I have always liked Il Fornaio in the Bay Area for coffee and a pastry, however it has been awhile since I have made a morning stop.  I was so happy that I remembered that there was an Il Fornaio bakery that opened early in Las Vegas.  And I became very happy when I discovered they had the blueberry pastry that I really enjoy when I go to Cafe Borrone in Menlo Park.  Great little place for morning latte and pastry.
3	So I was in New York, New York looking for dinner and my tummy was asking me to feed him Italian. Perfect! New York replica hotel/casino...it's got to have some good Italian spots!? Right!?Well, I saw this place almost immediately, but wanted to keep looking around to cherish all the options. When I rounded back to this place, there was a long line and a full house! Must be good! So wifey and I jumped in the "hurry up and wait" line. Was it worth the wait? UmMMmM...??? Maybe.After about 20 mins of tummy rumblings, we were finally seated. First off, the house bread wasn't impressive at all. I ordered the Pennoni Alla Vodka w/ a Crown and Ginger Ale to wash it down. They returned w/ a small almost shot cup sized mixed drink cup ($9.99!?) and a plate of pasta that looks like I could whip it up as a teen home alone on a hungry night. Seriously, if the cups were dogs, my mixed drink cup would have been a miniature pinscher. The pasta actually turned out to be pretty good because the apple smoked bacon and the vodka sauce saved it. Wifey went health nut on me for a change and ordered a "Insalata cesarina"...sounds fancy huh!? Yeah...they could have just put Caesar salad on the dang menu, but I guess they had to spruce it up for the genuine Italian feel. Well, it was a big disappointment...so I ended up sharing my plate w/ her. As I mentioned earlier, that this place tries to live up to the Italian feel...well I did here a couple speaking to the waiter and tell him that the food tasted exactly like what is served in Italy! I knew he was legit Italian because the waiter had to have a translator decipher his Italian. I would give this place 2-stars, but being that it satisfied a "real" Italian couple and that many of the other things looked good (as I scanned others' plates while waiting for my food)...I upgraded it to 3-stars. The pizza seemed good because many people ordered it.
4	we recently went to fornaio for the second time.  we landed a bit after 8 pm on a monday night and made our way over to new york to go to fornaio.  we did hit zumanity traffic as they had just let out.  still the long line to get in only took about 5 min to get through.  last time we had lunch here the food was outstanding.  they bring the usual bread with oil and vinegar and cheese.  we only got oil this time no vinegar or cheese.  our server sucked this time.  he really was flat out awful.  which was a shame because the other server at the tables near us looked so attentive and seeming to enjoy his job.  it seems like once you go somewhere and dont order an appetizer or drink some servers just officially hate you for the rest of the meal.  either way the food was outstanding.  i had some pasta tubes with chicken and vegetables in them which was so good.  my wife had a pizza which are really good size and since i was done with my food i got to help her finish hers.  the pizzas are so good, and the pastas are so good.  its reasonably priced, its delicious, and its definitely worth the visit.  just hopefully you wont get the bad server we did this past time.
1	The service and food were so bland it ruined a chunk of my evening.  If one insists on going, I recommend having a Peroni.  There is no way they could screw that up.  Simply open and pour.  Oh, unless you have our server, who will look at you with disdain because you're not ordering a bottle of wine.
4	We ordered french toast and an omelette. Not the best french toast I've ever had, but very good. The omelette was stuffed to the max with bacon and onions. It was great. My caffe macchiatto was tiny, but hit the spot. We would definitely go back. Service was excellent!
4	I just have a quick comment on this place:I don't always make it down to this end of the Strip, but I really like the cannolis here. They are very good. Since this place opened and I tasted their cannolis, I have been trying cannolis every where I go. I have not found one yet that is as good. Refreshing lemonade too!
5	The atmosphere is to DIE for, and the crepes are the best I've had outside of France. The pasta dishes are exquisite, and the wine is even better. The servers are very knowledgeable. My server was fantastic, and had a great palette. He even creates and distributes his own line of wines. The freshly grown ingredients really made a difference.
5	Just wanted to say that the chocolate croissants were amazing here! They're not over priced and the pastries are so so so yummy, I highly recommend this place.
4	Went there last night for dinner and it was delicious.  Our server Lindsey was very attentive and made sure we did not run out drinks and the delicious bread.  I ordered the conchiglie al pollo and loved it.  One of my friends ordered the veal special and that was delicious also.  Great place and will definitely be going back in future.
5	Took my wife her for an appetizers. We had Carpaccio I thought it was really good. It is Thinly sliced raw beef, shaved grana cheese, capersand wild arugula drizzled with lemon-olive oil
2	While the service was excellent (hence 2 stars), the food was expensive and sub-par (warrants no stars). Don't get the bruschetta! I didn't think it was possible to screw up chopped tomatoes with some seasoning and olive oil but they did. It was gummy and anemic. YUCK! The pizza was just "meh". I wont try this one again.
5	Ok, i have to agree with most of the reviews like Jo C., Kathy D., Jack H. and Greg N... best priced Italian and great quality meal on the strip!There was a group of 10 of us and got sat outside to do some people watching- a very busy traffic area so I'd let them know if you want a romantic private table. The Food- WOW! from all the dishes i saw, they all looked excellent. I sampled (Cannelloni con Pollo )The chicken stuffed cannelloni was delightful. I had the Pennoni alla Vodka; Large pasta tubes with applewood-smoked bacon, vodka-cream-tomato sauce and Parmesan cheese ....WOW!! Yes BACON!! it was beyond great! They have a great Wine list and after dinner drink list.This is a Italian restaurant so they have Espresso and other coffee drinks.NUTSHELL- We will defiantly eat there again when in Vegas! I gave it $$ but if you drink it up- you'll be in the $$$ range.
5	Wonderful little bread place connected to the resturant of same same.  The ciabatta was incredible and the vinegar is something to take home too.  The boys loved the chocolate desserts.
5	Excellent food and service.  We had the pasta with bolangese (sp?) and it was truly a delight.  Nice pasta and bread and spinach salad was good too.  Our server, Larry L., was most personable and on top of things.  A truly pleasurable experience.
4	Looking for some pasta prior to the Las Vegas marathon one of my friends selected this restaurant located in New York New York. We were staying at Luxor, so the walk was close. Thinking ahead, she made reservations well in advance - and that was a welcome decision as we entered to discover the line around the corner. No issues for us - we gave our names to the hostess and were seated in less than 5 minutes.The server greeted us and took provided water immediately upon seating. She returned with a basket of bread and butter soon afterwards. My friends each ordered a glass of wine and we shared an order of Calamaretti Fritti. For an entree one ordered Conchiglie al Pollo, the other Pennoni alla Vodka, and I the Barilotti alla Valtellina. Mine came in a bowl filled with whole wheat pasta, cabbage, potatoes, string beans, portobello mushrooms, Fontina and Grana Padano cheese, butter and sage. It was very good, but also very large. I ate about half of it and was finished. The price was good for that dish at 15.99. The other two dishes were $18.59 and 16.99, respectively. All restaurants on the strip fill up quickly - especially on a weekend that featured the Las Vegas marathon, a bullriding championships and a country music award show - make reservations! The food was delicious and our service was very good. I would definitely be back.
3	Ordered pizza. Thought the servers were a little heavy handed with the drink suggestions. It was pricey. Good table bread. A nice quiet meal.
1	worst pasta ive ever had.  long the lines of a tv dinner. and for 25 dollars a plate, yeah id rather go for the tv dinner. bad service. cold bread. small portions. bland pasta.
5	Went there for breakfast on 12-25-2010. I had french toast. Excellent. I would highly recommend this restaurant for breakfast. the bread is freshly baked. Delicious. Will definitely return there when in Las Vegas, NV again.
2	We ate a late dinner at Il Fornaio at New York New York . I had the cannelloni con pollo which was tasty but the portion was very small. We also ordered a vegetable pizza that was lacking flavor for having roasted red peppers, onion, grilled zucchini, asparagus, and yellow squash.The atmosphere is about the best thing the restaurant has to offer.They do have a full service bar and a wine list. The food quality is below par and the price is more on the expensive side.I'm glad I had a 50.00 food voucher, otherwise it would have been very disappointing.
3	3.5 stars from me (if I could dole out 1/2 stars)The bread was amazing.  I couldn't get enough of it!  The waiter was kind enough as to let me have fresh grated parm cheese & oil with it, instead of their oil and balsamic combination (I don't like balsamic- too bitter).  The pasta was just average to me, my husband said his was average as well.  We have been to some great Italian restaurants and there is definitely an art in the sauce, their sauce here tastes more like preggo.  Still I liked my experience overall.  Waiter was friendly, restaurant atmosphere was nice and somewhat romantic, and food overall was pretty good.  Eat here if you are hungry and don't want to go somewhere nicer, otherwise move on.  I doubt I'll be back without some serious incentive because there are a ton of amazing restaurants in Vegas.
3	Stopped in here early Sunday morning for a quick coffee and bacon and cheese croissant.  We also got the fruit salad.  The croissant seemed to take forever before it was ready, but it was worth it.  Crispy, buttery goodness with tons of bacon and cheese inside.  Great stuff.  The fruit salad was fresh and flavorful.The downside was the coffee.  It was really bitter, but I needed caffeine so bad I just added extra sugar to kill the taste.  Also, the prices were highway robbery for what we got.
3	place was ehh...service was ehhh...they gave us bread with olive oil sauce to dip...i ordered pasta tortellini...it had like apple-wood smoked bacon...it was good but towards the end the bacon was so salty...the veal on the other hand was pretty good...cooked real soft and yummy but the veal was expensive...
4	Really really really good quality Italian food. The restaurant is one you must try, especially if you're staying in the hotel. The service is on point as well as the food. The bread they give you is amazing and goes great with the olive oil. Try and you won't leave hungry or unhappy.
4	I've eaten at several Il Fornaio's in the past but was really surprised with the quality of the food and service in Vegas. I had a great breakfast with delicious cappuccino's. The various breads came out toasted with an assortment of preserves. My oatmeal was rich and creamy with raisins and brown sugar. The rest of the group had tosto francese,con pancetta affumicata, CRESPELLE ALLA CREMA ACIDA (SENZA BURRO O SALE). Next time I'm in Vegas and crazing some good baked bread and delicious cap I'm heading to Il Fornaio.
1	Ordered a Salami and Provolone on French....Sandwich consisted of: 4 thin slices of salami, 2 slices of provolone on two dry slices of French Bread.  PATHETIC.The counter girl took forever to get break herself away from whatever she was doing behind the case to get to us and when she did, she was rather miserable. Absolutely Pathetic.This is not Italian. The is Tourist Trap Italian.
4	We had a very nice experience here.  We were hungry, and stopped here on a whim.We both ordered calzones for dinner.  The calzones were baked, not fried which is my favorite way to prepare a calzone.  They didn't come with marinara sauce on top, but the waitress promptly brought me a dish when I asked for some.  I never had ham in a calzone before, and I loved it!  Smoky pork married with lots of mozzarella, what's not to like?We didn't have appetizers or dessert, and the calzone was definitely big enough to fill us on it's own.  All in all, a wonderful dinner decision.
3	We decided to stop here before heading out to a show and needed something filling.The service was very good, the bread was fantastic, but the meal... it was good but not great.I've had some amazing Italian dishes in my time, I would say this one is pretty much average. I tried my GF's dish, and that was pretty average as well. It just needed a little bit more seasoning, as it was bland. I hate having to reach for the Salt, but it just needed something.It was good service, inexpensive, but not the best italian food.
3	The food is good. The bread is delicious but the service in my opinion seriously lacked big time and that is why they're getting 3 stars. Where do I begin...1. The waiter seemed like he was in a rush.2. Took forever to come back to take our orders.3. He just did not seemed interested in our table.4. We received the bread and olive oil but no balsamic vinegar. Hmmm..maybe I'm confused. Are you supposed to ask for the vinegar? 5. Asked someone else by us if he could please grate some fresh parmesan and he looked like he wanted to die. Besides that I thought that food was good. I liked the Minestrone soup the vegetables were delicious. And we ordered a super good pizza with prosciutto, arugula and freshly shaved pieces of parmesan (yum). Next time I'm in Vegas. I'm going somewhere else.
1	I was so disappointed by this Il Fornaio location.They provided horrible service! My girlfriend and I waited more than five minutes to be greeted and our server was scarce to be seen after that.To add to that, my eggplant Parmesan was burnt and service was so awful, we couldn't get a fresh one.
4	We had dinner at about 6pm on Friday, no wait and excellent service. Our waiter clearly had a few lines he enjoyed using, he was humerous and knowledgeable. We split the calamari and canelloni con pollo. Over all, the food was tasty and reasonably priced (for Vegas!)
5	Hands down the best Cherry Cheese danish I've ever had in my life.  Pure heaven.  The Blueberry Scones are good too.  Wow....I sacrificed a day of misery tomorrow for the instant pleasure these gave me :)
1	We were walking around NYNY looking for some place for desert, this joint is where we got tired. we were greeted and seated rite away. Winning, or so we thought. The service SUCKS. I dont know why the nice lady infront or our waiter did not let us know they were closing in 30 mins before we ordered. That guy was all talking up a 40 buck bottle of wine, what for... as soon as he brought our super strong Grappa and coffee he disappeared. He showed up to tell us " we were suposed to close 5 mins ago" so we asked for the check. This fool comes back 10 mins later asking us if we want to order something else... Then pulled our check outta his jacket. WTF. Man we shoulda jus went to a buffet like I said earlier.
3	Went here with a group of 16 on a Saturday night.  They accommodated all of us without any hassle.  This restaurant s located directly in the middle of New York, New York.  Which is very convenient if you're staying there, or on that end of the Strip.  But because it's in the middle of a casino, it's also very loud.  Half the seating is basically on the casino floor.  So you see every drunken idiot walking past you, playing the slots, etc.  Very loud too given that you can hear all the machines and music from other venues nearby.  The service and Il Fornaio was excellent once we were seated.  Started off with appetizers of calamari and bruschetta, which were both very good.  People also said the caesar and caprese salads were great.  I kept it simple and went with the angel hair pasta - which I thought was really solid.  They have a full bar and an extensive wine list.  Prices are extremely reasonable too - especially given its location.  Everyone in our group left happy and full.
2	Mediocre at best.. went there since it was in NY/NY and we were staying there.  Hungry and in the mood for Italian we went in... Service was good, the bread was awesome..Vegetable pizza dry, and without much flavor...  The swordfish was pretty good but again not much flavor.. keep in mind we had just arrived in Vegas and were hungry and tired and excited and didn't have any alcohol in our system... to me this is the time I would eat and enjoy just about anything!!... it was still mediocre at best..  Wouldn't recommend it and definitely not going to eat there again.
3	Il Fornaio makes one of the best loaves of bread in the known universe.  Crisp and chewy, it delivers that magical punch that bread should have.I long loved the location in Marin County, but the Vegas venue lacks the ambience and open brick fireplace and rusticity.We dined here as part of a before theater package to see Zumanity, and got a great deal, a fifty dollar meal credit.  The waiters were prompt, since we told them we were going to see Cirque.The meal was decent, great Olive oil with the bread, a decent salad, and well cooked linguine with seafood, but the restaurant was a bit noisy, and not as relaxing as a true Italian eating experience should be.Still one of my favorite elegant Italians, but not my favorite venue.
3	Decent breakfast. Oatmeal was not as hot as I prefer. The coffee was good and at the perfect drinking temp.  I would eat breakfast here again.
3	Decent Italian joint in the middle of the walking path in the New York.  The lasagne was tasty.  Service was just all right.  Wine was average.
4	We were looking for a restaurant that wasn't going to be overly expensive or terribly cheap (fast). Il Fornaio in New York, New York was just the ticket. Prices are reasonable and service is good. Our server was particularly charming and helpful.The food is pretty good. Not as good as you're going to get at a more high-end restaurant--but pretty darn good. I really enjoyed the bread and the minestrone soup. The main course was a swiss and prosciutto  ravioli. The flavor was a bit strong for me, but I loved the white mushroom sauce it was bathed in.
2	Il Fornaio - New York, New York Casino We have been to and heard of many Il Fornaio locations and we wanted to grab a quick Panino and a bowl of soup at the mid day mark to hold us over until later on. We shared a Salami Panino (Panini is plural before you criticize....) & also a bowl of the lentil soup. I have to say.... OK at best is being nice.... The panino came in a plastic wrapper and had little to no taste... also we found out as we were leaving that we could have had it toasted... hello... that's the idea.... The soup came in a cardboard "to-go" container and was again just ok... and it was warm at best... Just not what I would expect from NY, NY and spending $15.... just not overly pleased with this. I guess when the bread they used hit the water we drank it expanded like an inner tube and we were full... Mission accomplished.... I think....
4	The service was good!The spinach salad , wheat pasta with asparagus, my husbands sword fish stuffed with crab meet was tender and my veal was so goodHis fish and my veal was sooo tender!Yum! Yum!
4	Excellent, don't b afraid 2 eat @ bar. Better attention and tips on best in season. Salad to begin, chianti and angel hair. Delicious!  Here on biz and decided to grab solitary pasta b4 seeing a show. Don't miss this place...
2	I came here with my parents before going to see Zumanity because it didn't have a wait time. I should have just waited the 30 minutes to be seated somewhere else.DRINKS:I ordered a glass of Sangiovese. I normally love Sangiovese, but I didn't even want to finish the glass.My mom got a cocktail with limoncello, which wasn't too bad.Overall: BFOOD:I ordered soup and their salad special that day (cucumbers, "fresh" tomatoes, onions, red vinaigrette, and feta). The salad was terrible. I thought it had marinated tomatoes at first, but then realized it had just been sitting pre-made in a fridge for awhile -- the tomatoes were that ice-cold. I ended up picking at it, but not eating it.My mom got the rare veal ($30+), and she also ended up barely eating it because it was just way over-marinated. It still had a vinegary taste to it. I normally love all red meat, and even I didn't like it, so she wasn't just being picky.Overall: DSERVICE:Our server didn't come ask us how the meal was until we were pretty much done picking at it 30 minutes later. Admittedly, when she realized we didn't like the food, she did have one of her superiors come talk to us, who offered to get us something else. We didn't have time for something else, so they didn't charge us for the salad or the veal. Overall: C
4	Decided to come here for breakfast since we were staying in the NY NY. My friend lived in Italy for a while during his service to our country. Apparently this place has food that's pretty close to the real thing, and I took his word for it cause he knows his food.Had the Italian sausage, and egg breakfast, and a double shot cappuccino. It was so simple, but perfectly cooked. The potatoes were nice and crisp, but tender on the inside. The sliced bread that came with the meal served nicely as a sponge for my over easy eggs. All in all a delicious breakfast. Next time I'll be back for dinner to try the pasta my friend was raving about all night.
2	Two stars because I'm on vacation and am EXTRA laid back, otherwise the $70 dollar bill, not worth my hard earned dinero!Food is less than good, and the service ridiculous! The food came like 10 minutes after we ordered, which felt more like Sbarro's than a restaurant...they charge $8 for 12oz. blue ribbon draft beer...really!?The waitress came to take our order and assumed (Spanish People) only knew Fettucine Alfredo and said she could work with any pasta dish ordered al fettucine...The pasta dishes, NOT fettucine, we had were not cooked al dente but half way unboiled...At the end I had my Zumanity tickets upside down on the table, when she just grabbed them and said "where you guys going?" and then "oh you already saw the show"...terrible!I could go on and on, but you get the point...Il Fornaio -No Thanks!
4	I am giving this 4 stars as my wife loves this restaurant.  I have been once and enjoyed it as well.  If your in the hotel and on the fence, I say give it a try.
5	Mmmmm the pasta here is amazing! My favorite restaurant in Vegas.
3	Nice atmosphere, friendly and EXTREMELY fast service.  Sadly, I've gotten better food at a drive-thru.
4	I'm usually a fan of Italian mega-chains, but I tend to make an exception for Il Fornaio. They don't completely mock Italian food like Olive Garden, for example. In fact, their food is quite good. And the bread is to die for. But a place whose name translates into "the baker," literally, should have good bread! I had never had breakfast at Il Fornaio before, so my boyfriend and I decided to eat here one morning while we were staying at New York New York. I loved the Italian flare on American classics. The omlette ai formaggi was delicious! Can't beat the setting inside the casino either. This place is charming
4	I love this place. My wife and i ate here and it was pretty good. I had a pizza and it was good. Happy hour Sunday the pizzas are 7 dollars. that is half price. the dough is imported from Italy. This is not your typical olive garden food. Every thing was very fresh. The service was also great. the only reason i didn't give them 5 stars is because we received cold bread. I am picky and am not a fan of cold bread, i don't care what comes with it.
2	not bad but not good when u think of vegas.  lack of almost everything from service to poor menu and etc etc.  food was just ok and new york new york has gotten very dumpy.
4	I eat here every time I'm in Las Vegas,so 2 or more times per year. The food is always outstanding. We have had some of the waitstaff be dicks, but that's few and far between.It is a bit pricey, but you're in Las Vegas so it's expected. Im generally good for an app, main, desert, cocktails and espresso here and never quibble about the price. We've had a pretty good cross section of the menu at this point and nothing comes to mind as being bad.Open air kitchen, cooked to order. When it comes to food, especially Italian, I really can't ask for a lot more.
4	I came here last year with my friends for an 'authentic' Italian dinner. We started off with an assortment of bread and olive oil to dip it in. I really enjoyed the bread, and the waiters were good about refilling our bread about 5 times throughout the meal. One of my friends ordered the pizza, which to me was on the smaller side. One got the lasagna which was a personally piece cooked in a small bowl by itself. Another friend got some chicken dish and I had the Ravioli alla Lucana which was fresh organic spinach ravioli filled with Italian sausage, ricotta, parmesan and fennel; fresh tomatoes, spicy tomato sauce with imported peperoncino, pecorino pepato cheese and fresh basil**Courtesy of their website. lolI remember really enjoying my dinner. I think the portions were a little on the smaller side but then again it is Vegas so it is expected. We sat outside in their little patio which was really nice and made me feel like I was Jersey Shoring in Italy. Fun times.Then the cabs were here so we had to bounce.Cio, grazie.
4	I only tried the bacon and cheddar croissant because it was all I needed the morning after a night out in Vegas. Its a casual, order at the counter kind of place and it has an Italian bakery feel. And its pretty much the only thing open in New York New York at 8 AM.
3	I was in Vegas for a convention this weekend and came here with a big group (14 people). We were seated for dinner at a long table in what's usually the bakery, but we were able to order from their regular menu. We were served complimentary bread while we looked over the menu, and we also ordered drinks. I got an alright pomegranate martini for about $14.After glancing over the prices for their regular menu items (between $17 and $28 for various kinds of pasta) we were informed of a $30 dinner special they were offering as a part of Restaurant Week. $4 would go to charity and it was a great selection of food as well - the $30 included an appetizer (minestrone, flatbread, or salad), entree (chicken, vodka sauce fettucine, or salmon), and dessert (tiramisu or zabaione with berries). Most of my group went for the $30 offer, including me.The minestrone was well-seasoned, warm, and filling. It was appropriately portioned as well. I wish I had gone with the salmon instead of the chicken, but it turned out to be well-cooked and juicy with some nice potatoes on the side. Wasn't too big a fan of the quickly-sauteed spinach that served as the bed, though. The zabaione was a nice way to end the meal - nice and light after a pretty heavy dish.In my opinion, an Italian restaurant should either be super affordable and homey-tasting, or more expensive/splurgy but worth it in quality and innovation. This place didn't do either. I can't say I'd spend $30 here when my company wasn't paying for it (haha) but it was an okay experience nonetheless.
4	Good old fashion italian comfort food. Although just slightly overpriced.If you can catch them on Restaurant Week I'd recommend going that route. You get more bang for your buck and the servings are very generous.The service was great, but I wouldn't expect any less from a place like this.If you're in the New York Hotel/Casino I'd highly recommend Chin Chin. The most amazing chinese food ever.
4	Went here twice this past weekend - once for breakfast and once for dinner. Breakfast waiter was a little slow - I think he had way too many tables so not his fault. He was helpful and I enjoyed the meal. I had the cholesterol free eggs with basil, lowfat cottage cheese, fruit salad, and an espresso shot with brandy (not sure the Italian name but it's the only coffee w/booze) The eggs were great...but I think anything with basil is amazing. The espresso was INCREDIBLE. I mean INCREDIBLE. We live in the era of Starbucks so anytime you can have real espresso pulled by hand, it's such a treat.Dinner was awesome. Only issue was that the minestrone wasn't great :( I got the seafood sampler with calamari, prawn, scallops, grilled polenta, and veggies - a cool $27 but GOOD. Hubby got fettuccine alfredo - nothing spectacular. Dad got the calzone - said it was good and it was very large.The best part about the meal was the waiter - wish I could remember his name so I could give him proper recognition. He was witty and friendly without being too familiar, and kept us laughing and entertained throughout the whole meal. You don't generally experience genuinely good service like this anymore, especially in Vegas, so it's quite welcome when it happens :)Overall, good. If you don't want to spend a lot, you don't have to. If you want to, you can. Lots of options :)
3	Better than a buffet but not great. Portions were appropriate (small) and too salty. Wish I would have skipped the wine.
4	After a week in LV, Il Formaio was one of the nicest dinners.  Across NYNY from 9 Fine Gentleman-where we went everyday for Happy Hour-made a reservaion that day before 9fine.  Bread was very good, entrees excellent.  I had chicken broccoli pastaHubby had something with sausage which he really liked too.  Service was very good.
4	My wife and I have dined at this restaurant 3 or 4 times, and every time it has not disappointed. The staff is friendly and not pushy. Want to drop a ton of money, they will allow you. Just want to have a couple glasses of wine and share an entree, they will serve you with a smile. Last time we were there we had a nice bottle Orvieto that cost $35. My wife and I had the carpaccio which was perfect. Rounded out the meal with some mussels and clams, and a spicy pasta. You can sit outside and check out all the casino action without feeling like you are sitting in the middle of the casino. I will be going back.
3	Came here with a large group of people and dinner was from the prix fix menu. The selection was limited and food quality was so so. Wine on the other side was a bit better than the food and was not limited like the food menu. Since my menu selection was limited, I am only rating based on the limited experience, which was just ok... probably won't come here if I was by myself or with a smaller group.
3	My food was good, but I'm a bit biased as I really liked my local Il Fornaio in San Francisco. So when my "usual" appetizers and dishes weren't on this particular restaurant's menu, I was bit disappointed.  BUT the service and the ambiance was definitely consistent and great. I ordered the salmon which was really fresh and well prepared. I really liked the veggie minestrone as well. Although Il Fornaio is good and well, I wasn't particularly blown away by my dinner either; too many other Italian restaurants in LV to try.-
2	I think the price you pay is for the experience.  The food was good, I feel there are other more affordable italian restaurants that have better quality.  However, you get complimentary bread with oil (and if you can find it a smidgen of balsalmic)I ordered a pasta dish and was fooled as to how fresh it was.  The sauce was mixed with the pasta when it was served.  It kinda looked as though the dish was sitting for a while.
2	There are definitely better Italian restaurants on the strip with cheaper prices. Also, service on a good day is just OK. So that should tell you something. I would advise that  you to try somewhere else. Don't waste your time. Especially since I can't remember how the food tasted. Yeah, this is one of those places.
5	food here is very reasonable price after being vegas for 5 days. the food was pretty good. but the real outstanding part of this place was out waiter. i think his name was danny.. he made this place over the top...
1	I thought this was going to be unbelievable food boy was I disappointed.  It taste like someone opened a can of Chef Boyardee/
4	I'm extremely surprised by the lack of reviews on this restaurant (sad face). But that's okay because my review won't be repetitive (happy face).This regards my June 2011 graduation trip to Las Vegas where I stayed at the NYNY Hotel's Player Suite.  On this trip, I made sure that I'd try Il Fornaio, fosho.  On this particular day, my mom and I woke up late (around noonish) and we wanted housekeeping so we vacated the room in record time.  We were looking for something that would fill our stomachs and the food court didn't look too appetizing so we decided on Il Fornaio for the first time EVER.  The atmosphere felt funny and seating was a patio-like area in the hotel across from slot machines; we would've ate in their "indoor" dining area but there was a very affectionate couple in one of the booths, awkward. Anyway, we were seated promptly and served a unique basket of breads with olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  They didn't offer us any garlic like other on The Strip Italian restaurants so we asked for the chef to mince some up for us. He tried the best he could and after a few tries he finally got out minced garlic for our bread.  Ice water was served in wine glasses.  We ordered a Calamaretti Fritti, which was fried to order, crisp, hot, and light, served with lemons and spicy marinara. It was definitely tasty. For our entrees, I ordered a Spaghettini Alla Bolognese and my mom had the Linguine Mare Chiaro. Let me tell you, if you've never seen steam come out of your pasta and fog your glasses, then you've never experienced made-to-order pasta. It was crazy hot and extremely delivishly delicious! My dish was nicely twirled with the right about of sauce and just plain good. My mom's seafood pasta was even better with ingredients bigger than your eye, scallops were tender, clams and mussels were juicy, and shrimps just right with a dash of coarsely chopped garlic. YUM! They also topped our dishes with freshly sliced parmesan at the table. And Yes, I did say SLICED. Even though it is true that the prices are a bit high, it's nothing compared to room service or Trattoria Reggiano or Circo.  So for a fast and hot lunch or dinner, try this place out! Our experience was great, the food and service was impeccable, and I can't wait to go back this upcoming week.  We also like the fact that this place was casual because I love my basketball shorts! P.S. table settings change from lunch to dinner
4	I'm going to assume this is the Il Fornaio Panetteria, if not...my bad.Go for their breakfast paninis, I only remember the bacon one because there was a lot of bacon in it. It's buttery and oh so fattening, but in Vegas, who the hell is counting?! Just try it, you'll be in fattening heaven =DOne day I'll try other items on the menu but for now, this is seriously to die for.
2	This is just for the Il Fornaio inside NY NY hotel/casino in Las Vegas. I've been to the Il Fornaio in San Diego (Coronado) and that place is amazing. Anyways, the one at Las Vegas has a different menu (which is fine) with a very minimal selection. I felt like everything was just Pasta and Pizza. The bread was cold. We asked for warm fresh bread and the waiter says "that's how it is here. we only bake it twice a day"- this response made me laugh in ridiculousness. Ordered Parmigiana and Pasta Mare which were just ok. Not enough seasoning and both were very bland. I am a huge fan of Il Fornaio in SD, but man this place really needs to step it up.
4	First night back in Vegas after a brutal flight that left us too beat to walk out of our hotel. Resigned in advance to overpriced and mediocre factory food but was VERY pleasantly surprised with friendly, attentive service and really good food. Didn't wince when the bill arrived, either. Recommended.
1	The night started off great with some tasty pasta. I was then served moldy bread and when I told the waiter, the manager came over and basically accused me of planting it. Very strange and very disappointing!Poor hygiene and service ruined a good experience!
5	One of my favorite restaurants, the servers and quick and friendly. Prices are reasonable and the food is incredible. They offer a patio within the casino for dining.
4	My wife and I dine here often. They have an excellent happy hour on Sundays through Thursdays with pizza, calamari and mixed drinks. Service can be a bit rushed on some evenings.
3	Once upon a time, my dad and I stopped into this restaurant while driving home to Reno, NV from Texas. This was in 2004, and we both very much enjoyed our meals. I remember having a ridiculously delicious, rich pasta dish with seafood, and a decadent chocolate cake-thing for dessert. Fast forward to this past month. Myself, my partner, and our best friend are roaming around before seeing a show at the casino, and I realize while I'm looking at this restaurant that it is the same restaurant my dad and I ate at years before. Remembering how much I loved it, we absolutely had to have dinner there before the show - even if the guys were skeptical.I should have listened to them.Although they were super nice and helpful (I'd hit my head pretty hard on the roller coaster, and they gave me water and let me just stand in the way at the entrance for about ten or fifteen minutes, nobody knowing if I'd pass out, before we finally decided to go in and eat there), and the fact that we were seated really quickly, I don't think I'd ever return to this place.The prices are pretty high and the food is a bit mediocre. We ordered pizza because it's what the guys wanted, and although it wasn't bad, it was nothing to write home about. Since they're located in the New York, New York hotel/casino, we definitely expected a lot more from our pizza experience. Sad sad...On top of the mediocre food disappointing me in comparison to my memories of how delicious things were before, the gentleman that we saw most often - a "bus boy", I think? - glared at us and made us feel as though we were children being GROUNDED. Every time he returned to the table, his demeanor and the way he moved things around (things were "set" down on the table very briskly and firmly, to say the least), he kind of barked at us, and was just overall unpleasant. Our waitress, however, was smiley and nice - all of the two times she made it back to our table. We even had to ASK for refills on water and coffee... which Cranky Mr. Bus Man splashed into our glasses, and promptly stormed away.
4	So, my mom went to Vegas once, several years ago.  When I got back from my first visit a few weekends ago, she mentioned "The amazing Italian restaurant in New York, New York."And I thought it was just a breakfast joint!Yes, we only did have breakfast here, but it was fantastic.The BF had eggs, toast, bacon, potatoes.  He loved everything.I had: Italian corned beef hash, which was huge chunks of corned beef served on a bed of fried potatoes, two poached eggs, and instead of toast, crispy polenta with gorgonzola cheese easily melting on top.  DELISH.  I love corned beef hash.  I LOVE polenta.  I LOVE gorgonzola!  My only complaint is that the eggs were poached a little over.  I enjoy a runnier yolk.When we are back in Vegas (and we WILL be back in Vegas) I'll go back to see the rest of the menu.
3	It's funy because there are like 6 listings of this restaurant in Yelp.. all spelled differently.  I picked the one with the most reviews.Had a late dinner here after catching Zumanity.  Kudos to them for being open till midnight.Didn't opt for any apps, just worked out our jaws on their bread and butter which was ok.  Oh how I wish every restaurant served bread like you get at Craftsteak.  I got the veal with sliced artichokes with lemon and veggies with roasted potatoes.  Overall my food was enjoyable.  The tiramisu was good and I love me some italian espresso.Unfortunately, they start blasting music from the bar in the middle of the casino floor which made our dining experience somewhat uncomfortable.  3 stars
2	The service was excellent, and my experience with their Bay Area restaurant has been fabu.  But we went there for Valentine's Day and left a bit disappointed. Disclaimer:  I have yet to be WOWed by a restaurant on the strip. We had great people watching at the casino-patio table.  But it was a bit too smokey for my taste.  We ordered a creamy pasta and seafood risotto, plus an antipasto plate.  Everything was really so-so.  I ate it all because I was hungry, but I wouldn't go back there.  I wanted to love it, and I just didn't.  Suggestion: make a reservation if you go.  Convenient for watching Zumanity straight afterwards.  Set your bar low.
3	Just needed a quick morning snack before I headed out from NYNY.  I had a bagel & cream cheese. The nice lady at the counter asked if I wanted an everything bagel, onion or plain. I opted for the plain and asked them to toast it. I consider myself a bagel snob because I drive several miles from home, back in Los Angeles, just to buy my bagels from a legit jewish bakery. The bagel here at Il Fornaio was quite good. Not too chewy, perfectly toasted & the cream cheese to-go packed for me was Philadelphia brand. I like that... cause that's what I prefer to eat at home.Service was very nice. Especially appreciated on a sleepy, still trying to figure out what I did last night Las Vegas morning.Grazie
2	There is no WOW factor at this place. To top it off the service is absolutely terribled. On the plus side (and what got them a notch above one) is they had Saint Paulie's NA instead of the swill they call O'duals.The host was nice enough. He sat us at a quaint table outside. Our server was terrible. I almost wanted to ask him, "Do you want to be here"? But didn't. It was so bad that we decided to stop ordering after the appetizers and wound up going some place else for the rest of our dinner. I would eat here again if there were no other reasonable options...oh wait, they have soft pretzels at this casino. So yeah, I wouldn't eat here again.
5	this fine dinning italian restaurant is inside the chaos of New York New York Hotel and Casino.  We wanted to have a good sit-down dinner where we could have a romantic mood and no so close to the noise of the casino. Well, this spot is very nice, very romantic and we had an early dinner so it was very quiet.  I had the Insalata de Capri and Fettuccini Tuto di Mare... delicioso!  my date had the roasted chicken.
3	The BF and I went here for breakfast one morning because NY NY has a Foursquare check in special for this place, bogo breakfast....pretty sweet deal. I know this place is a chain because I used to eat at the location in Seattle, which I really enjoyed. The breakfast here was good. I had the eggs with bruschetta, it was flavorful and filling. Just what I wanted for breakfast. The BF had.... you guessed it, a waffle...and some bacon. His was nothing crazy special, but it was good. I would go here again when in Vegas, but only if it had the check in special....what a deal!
2	I wasn't expecting much from this restaurant- we were really hungry and just needed somewhere to eat that wasn't fast food or required trendy wear. But the food was really bad. I had the rosemary chicken with roasted vegetables and potatoes. The chicken was so dry and had no flavor, even the dark meat wasn't very good. The few pieces of carrots that were there were still partially raw. The service was very good though.
5	Great service, food was perfect for a special night.
2	For the price, this place is horrible.  My food, the barilotti alla pugliese, was pretty bland.  My wife got the fettuccine alla friulana, and it tasted like a $1 box of Cheesburger Macaroni they tossed sausage in expecting that to make it top notch.  The two stars are for the staff, which was very friendly, and the atmosphere.  We sat on the "patio" inside the casino and people watched while we had this dreadful food.
2	(written January 2012) Before I go on, I have to say that I've been to the Il Fornio in Irvine, CA multiple times and  that place deserves 5 out of 5 stars. After feeling nostalgic for our old hunting grounds in Orange County, we decided to visit the Il Fornio in New York New York.  Here's my review:1. Environment: Entertaining. We were seated in their indoor "balcony." The balcony area was quaint and I love the lamp posts surrounding the area.  But most of all, the balcony gave as an amazing for people watching.  Because the balcony is located inside the casino, the people watching was varied and very entertaining.  2. Service: Sufficient.Our waiter as very friendly.  But because CES was in town this weekend, the restaurant was pretty busy and we hardly saw our waiter.  Thank goodness for the waters, or we would have been out of drinks during the middle of our dinner.  Our order was correct and the waiter was friendly.  3. Food: Meh.I had the Cannelloni al Forno.  Weirdly, parts of the dish were hot and parts of the dish were cold.  Too bad too.  The dish would have been promising if it didn't have that weird hot/cold thing going on.I'm not going to completely write off this place because I know how good this restaurant can be.  However, this location is not very high on my Restaurant list.
4	Can you say "delizioso" ! Well I can definitely say it based on the pasta dinner I had. I mean I cannot pronounce it for you, all I could remember is that it had "pollo" in the title and by gosh chicken was in the dish! The chicken was no dry or overcooked, but so tender and with the sauce to dip it in, even better. The noodles I had were also perfect, but whatever the sauce was, it was fantastic! I know that it had some type of wine mixed into it, which of course wine and me always bond well, but it truly was something I never tasted before. This place is pricey for sure, I mean just my pasta was $18 bucks, but hey, so worth it! The service was great too. The little old man who waited on us was so adorable and he suggested the right wines with what we order and just made sure to really understand what we wanted because he was Italian himself and had that strong accent, but no problems really came about in the communication department! Woo hoo! Overall, I loved the place. Had my eye on it every time I walked into New York New York and was happy when a family member decided to treat me to it! Gotta love family! :)
1	Service sucks ! Waited 10 min just to order water . Waiter was rude and rushed us.
3	Great pizza- really good thin-crust.   Decent pasta dishes, too.  Avoid the antipasto.    But somehow it cost over $100 for 3 of us.   Not worth that much.....overpriced, but decent location in NY NY
2	For our Vegas getaway we stayed at New York New York. Every time we passed by this place there were tons of people and the place seemed nice, so on our last morning we decided to give it a try. And here starts the reasons for just 2 stars:1. We walked up to the podium a min after the couple ahead of us. Instead of greeting the two of us as well and the host COMPLETELY ignored us! He just acknowledged the first couple and took them to their table, not so much as a smile in our direction. I would have been willing to overlook this if the meal hadn't continued in the wrong direction.Before I go on, a kudos to the management: My bf ordered waffles and I ordered an omelette. About 5 min after our order was taken the manager headed over with a beautiful plate of waffles. He explained that their waffle machine had been broken all morning and it just started working again. The manager didn't want to take the chance that his client wouldn't get the requested order and so decided to let the order go out early. Nicely done.2. My bf didn't want to start eating before me and we figured an egg couldn't take too long, so we kept chatting and waited. The table that was seated after us received their eggs and I was still foodless (this was 20 min after the waffles arrived). Just as I was about to say something I saw our waiter realize the mistake and turn a 180 on his heels back to the kitchen. However, he did not see that I had witnessed his mistake and was expecting him to head over to our table to give a small apology for the wait. Not so. When my omelette finally arrived I expected that to be his opportunity to give a small 'I'm sorry'. Not so. The mistake was never acknowledged, quite the contrary, our waiter ignored us through the whole meal!That should teach me not to expect.
1	Went there to wait for friends on the roller coaster. When asked If we were eating I said I wasnt sure and was seated in their restaurant area. Ordered a drink and was given bread. When my friends returned we decided to each have a drink and walk back to our hotel. The waiter had a snit and busses our table of everything. Even took the bread from in front of me! Did I say there wasn't a soul in there? Rude rude rude don't waste your money
4	Il Fornaio in New York, New York was the highlight of my budget business trip to Las Vegas.  As always, if I make a little money when I'm there, I give it back to them in the restaurants instead of at the tables.  The money I made on this trip was just enough to move our dinner plans up to Il Fornaio and it was really nice.  Okay, it's not Boston's North End or what's left of NYC's Little Italy, but the food was really tasty, service couldn't have been better, we even had dessert, and the people watching was the best.  If you like it quiet, eat inside.
4	Came here for breakfast 3 days straight since I was staying at NYNY for work.Over the course of the three days, tried a few pastries, as well as their croissant sandwiches, and the Chocolate muffin ended up being my favorite!  First off, it's a big muffin!  The chocolate muffin was chocolatey and moist.  Lots of chocolate chips or chunks.  Was a bit greasy/buttery though!Also tried the chocolate croissant.  While I did like the croissant, I wish there was a bit more chocolate inside.  Tried one croissant sandwich.  It's a bit expensive but if you want a fuller meal, then it is definitely the way to go!  You can add an egg to the ham & cheese croissant, which is what I did.  The croissant sandwich comes on a buttery croissant and the melted cheese holds the whole sandwich together very well.As for the drinks, fairly typical drinks menu.  I had the latte all three days and just glad to say that it was consistently good!The only thing about this place is that it is a bit pricey than your average Starbucks or cafe.  Pastries go up to $4, and the sandwiches can easily hit $8.  Drinks are a bit pricey too.  Good alternate for breakfast if you don't have time for breakfast at a restaurant and need something a bit faster!  There is a Starbucks inside the casino, but I didn't want to get something that I can have everywhere else!
3	Went here with a few coworkers since we were staying at NYNY and didn't want to venture from the hotel.Even though there were plenty of seating inside and outside, they made us wait 10 minutes before seating us.  After being seated, our server came and took our order.  I don't know if he had a bad day or what, but man... it was not a pleasant looking face.I went with one of the specials of the day, which was a pasta with a creamy red bolognese sauce, ham, and peas.  I forgot the type of pasta but it was similar to gnocchi but not as heavy.  The creamy bolognese was absolutely delicious and went really well with the ham.  The sweetness of the peas added a nice dimension to the dish as well!Had a bite of my coworker's lasagna and while tasty, it was one small lasagna...While we liked the food, the service was not what we expected.  Our sever never cracked a smile and when we asked for more oil & vinegar for our bread, he forgot about it and we had to ask one of the busboys.  He didn't even sound pleasant until he brought the bill.  Probably wanted to sound nice at the last moment so we can tip well.  While we did tip the standard, we left a note for the manager.  Maybe our note will not change or influence things much, but hopefully it d
5	came to this place with a big group. dinner was DELICIOUS and service was great! not to mention, great prices! i felt like everytime we took a sip from our drinks they were refilled right away! i would recommend the fettuccine! sooo delicious! i tried a bite of the lasgna as well and that was good too! next time im in vegas i will be back here!
3	Came here on the day we arrived in Vegas, while waiting for out hotel room to be ready. We were just wandering around and saw this place and thought we would give it a try. The bread they bring out is pretty good. They fresh slice what tasted like a sourdough which was tasty, then there was another type of bread with olives in it which was also yummy. But then for some reason there was bread covered in sesame seeds and it didn't quite seem to fit. We just didn't eat it, so no big deal.We ordered the calamari as a starter and a pizza as our entree. VERY small portion. You get about 6-9 rings and like 3 tentacles (which I don't eat anyway). The calamari pieces were MUCH too thick and not only that, but they were REALLY chewy. Not how I want my calamari to be. I wouldn't recommend this dish to anybody. My boyfriend and I order calamari everywhere we go but it just wasn't good here. Also, they don't have cocktail sauce which I understand cause it's an Italian place, but I prefer cocktail sauce over marinara with calamari.The pizza came out and it was pretty good but really greasy. I forgot what the one we ordered was called but it had italian sausage, bell peppers, onions, tomatoes, and a few other things I think. It was decent. Not amazing and not bad either. The service was good, place was empty around 1 on a Saturday but our server was very kind. Bill was 30 dollars for a pizza (15$) and an appetizer (12$)
2	Gross.  Our party of four was looking for a quick dinner when we were in New York, New York.  Everything  was mediocre, lack luster.  I also found hairs in my food.Server was not attentive, did not refill our drinks, only came to the table three times - once to get our drink order, and once to bring us our drinks and take our order, and once to bring us the check.  Meh.
4	My fiance and I didn't plan on eating here before our Cirque du Soleil show at MGM but the location where I had made reservations didn't sound very good once we got there to read the menu. I am so glad that we changed our minds! I had been to an Il Fornaio in Walnut Creek, CA a couple weeks before so I recogized the name. The drinks were yummy and the food was fantastic. My pizza was perfectly cooked and my fiance's salmon was seasoned well and not over or under cooked at all. I was excited to find out that there is a location closer to where I live in Carmel, CA so I think I will be going there next time I am in the need for a fancy dinner.
3	We went there couple of times on my last trip to Vegas in June.The first time we had a good experience and the pastas and the pizzas were good.The second time around somehow the food kind of lacked flavor although the service was still A+.I would completely write off a place with inconsistent food.Their appetizers were kinda average too.Definitely not going there again.
1	Eh such a nice looking restaurant with mediocre food and bad service. It was our first morning on our trip and after a long first day traveling we didn't want to go far and this restaurant looked like it would suffice. Looks can be deceiving. We were seated immediately and looked over the menu. Since we were planning on hitting up Wicked Spoon for lunch I wanted a light breakfast and coffee. I ordered the Irish oatmeal which came with berries and cinnamon. Service was alright in the beginning but towards the middle and end it seed like our sever didn't want to be "bothered" by us. He didn't like that we were drinking a ton of water and coffee and they needed to be refilled. We weren't finished eating and he dropped the check off. That is a huge pet peeve of mine. The oatmeal was meh. It was watery and was super plain even with the berries and cinnamon. The serving was tiny maybe 1/2 a cup. I know I wanted a light breakfast but it wouldn't even fill a kid's stomach. Price for the oatmeal was $9.00 and drip coffee was over $4.00! Come on I know it is Vegas but geeez.
4	I loved this place! Great location and easy to find in the casino. The service was good and so was the food. The only suggestion I would make to them is, the bread basket should be warm, our bread was cold. But other than that, very nice!
3	Great location if you are staying at NY NY which were were. They had vegetarian minestrone soup which was actually very good. The salad was awful and I sent it back. The Pizza was disappointing, but after a few cocktails it was pretty ok as a cold  late night snack - LOL!  I've been to other If Fornaios and they were better.
1	When I went to Vegas, a few people from my group of friends were raving about "that Italian place" they went to a couple months ago and could not imagine passing up during our stay. So I thought, all right, this sounds promising.......until we entered NYNY's Little Italy and saw it was Il Fornaio. Now, I had been to the Il Fornaio in Coronado and it was a horrible experience for me (http://www.yelp.com/biz/il-fornaio-coronado-2#hrid:ba8JuHA3NGLfZWqt9HWEcA). I hurriedly warned my friends about the bad food and slow service for this place's chain, but they brushed me off by assuring me this is the best pasta in town.Wrong. Although the service was not as slow as the one in Coronado, the food portions were super small. Because my friend and I knew we didn't want to spend $20+ for a pasta dish here, we had agreed to split, which made the already small portions even smaller. We had some linguine with vodka sauce and it was bland and meh. We each only got to eat around 3 small slices of sausage which were nothing special as well. I only left without remaining hungry because I'd decided to fill my stomach with their bread and dip to get my money's worth.However, the worst part came when we were leaving Il Fornaio. While we were waiting for our credit card receipts, one of our friends was looking at the "menu stand" restaurants sometimes have outside for advertisement. Well, he accidentally knocked it over and we discovered what was behind the stand. There was a "C" rating for Il Fornaio's health inspection. WHAT?! I have NEVER been to a C-rated restaurant. And what's worse is that they even tried to hide it with their menu board. Wow, I felt like we had been scammed. Il Fornaio, you have once again disappointed me. I will never get dragged to any of your other chains again, even if it means standing outside waiting for my friends to finish their food while my stomach grumbles in hunger.
1	My cousin and I were highly disappointed with this restaurant. Although the bread was good, it wasn't good enough to save us as customers. We ordered the Carpaccio and right when we were about to squeeze some lemon onto it, we spotted a bug. A fat, juicy, sac-filled, hairy, wide eyed cockroach looking demon. It was resting on the lemon like it was on vacation. My cousin and I recoiled in horror. *cue gagging noises* We were confused.. was this a joke? A bug this ugly looking could only be a practical joke right? Wrong! We waved down our server and he looked disgusted as we showed him the bug. He whisked it away and informed us that his manager would be right over. Here comes the HILARIOUS part. Manager: Hi, what can I help you with?Me: Well. we found a hideous pregnant looking bug on our Carpaccio and now we feel sick.Manager: Well I'm sorry you experienced that, but out food is 100% organic. It's normal for bugs to fly around and land in our food occasionally.Me: *shows "manager" pictureManager: Yes, that's normal. We're organic.WTF? Ok.. so my cousin and I decided to leave and the manager did NOT even offer a comp or another chance to try the restaurant at abother time. Shame on you. We left, full on bread. Damn you guys.
4	My parents have been coming here for years and I took my friends, the food is excellent quality, the reason I took a star away was for the service but they were really busy, I will give them that though it is Vegas so staff up people!
3	Service was mediocre food nothing to rave about only thing Bread was excellent
1	We came here for lunch on our last day in Vegas. The server did not spend much time at the table and the restaurant was not busy, only a few tables.After we declined drinks (apparently its offensive to be sober in Vegas), his mood was rather sour. We ordered two lunch specials, a panini and a salmon dish. There was a bread basket with oil which was ok. No attention to refilling our waters. Instead of the panini, there was a steak presented, one that did not look too tasty. The food presentation in general was lacking. The salmon was very dry with very little flavor. It was tepid when served. The entire plate was drowned in oil. It did not taste like olive oil either, for the bread or the entrees, probably soybean oil cut with olive. It took very long for the panini to come out, we had already finished the salmon. There was no apology or offer extended to compensate for the service mistake. Even if it was no one's fault, server presence is the difference between a happy and annoyed customer. The panini was very dry and the beef tough. The server seemed impatient for us to leave, maybe he was having a stressful day. The menu was a lot more appealing than the actual restaurant and experience.
3	After riding the roller coaster and touring New York-New York for a couple of hours, I became very hungry. I saw Il Fornaio Panetteria was a part of the restaurant week, so I decided to give the restaurant a try even though their Yelp rating wasn't very high. I appreciated that some of the money from restaurant week in Las Vegas went to charities. The restaurant is located inside of New York-New York hotel. For starters, the server brought out bread with olive oil. The bread was pretty good. For my appetizer, I had the flat bread and Caesar salad. I enjoyed both appetizers. The flat bread and Caesar salad were made to order and fresh.I had the Pennoni alla Vodka which was pasta tubes with applewood-smoked bacon, vodka-cream-tomato sauce and parmesan cheese. The Pennoni alla Vodka was delicious. I had tiramisu for dessert. I really enjoyed every bite of the tiramisu. The service was good. The waiter was attentive and really nice.Il Fornaio Panetteria has a romantic atmosphere even though it's in a hotel/casino. You can sit inside the restaurant or outside (inside of New York-New York casino area).The 3 course meal at Il Fornaio Panetteria was solid. I give Il Fornaio Panetteria a 3.5 rating!
4	This is my breakfast joint whenever I stay at NYNY. I usually just get a quick bite to get the day started. Toasted plain bagel with cream cheese. extra cream cheese on the side. Hits the spot everytime. Bagel is fresh, perfectly toasted, philly cream cheese accompaniment. Was a little bummed on my last stay that they were all out of bagels. It was barely 930am & they were all out. They usually carry plain bagels & everything bagels. I remember people in front of me & behind me trying to order bagels, as well. Only to find out that they were all out.I had the ham & cheese croissant with egg. It was a little disappointing. Too much cheese & egg... i was searching for ham inside. Definitely not enough chopped ham in the mix. I was expecting at least a layer or 2 of some thin ham slices but that's not the way they make it. Probably won't be ordering that again.The crumb cake is good. I suggest it if they have it available.Service is almost always friendly. Even when it's hectic... They need to not run out of bagels next time.
5	We love this place..we come here most of the times we come to vegas ..the portions are good, the selection is good..the pasta is so fresh...I recommend the lasagne and the fettuccine.  You will pay about $20 per person and will walk away feeling very satisfied.  We love sitting "outside" on the patio.  Our entire group (12 of us) loved it here.
1	If I could give this place less than one star I would. I have never in my life sent food back until now, and the food only got worse after that! I ordered the garlic stuffed leg of lamb, what arrived looked like old microwaved school lunch leftovers! The "meat " was flavorless, like boiled  beef. It not only had not a hint of lamb flavor, but didn't taste like garlic. It was dry and rubbery as well. It was served with spinach that obviously was tossed in my plate right our of a can, and a very small handful of old fries. I sent this back and got what they called lasagna. This dish was even less edible. I have had frozen foods from cons that were more flavorful. Airline food, or food from a nursing home would have been preferable. Don't waste your time or money on this shit hole! I wouldn't feed this trash to a hobo!
2	This past weekend we went to Vega$ and stayed at New York, New York.  It was our first time staying at this hotel.  Glad that we got a $50 credit to use at the many hotel restaurants.  The morning after we came in we went to Il Fornaio for breakfast.  I ordered eggs, bacon and potatoes, while my man got an omelet, I believe.  My scrambled eggs were flavorless and over cooked... and some of my pieces of bacon were burnt.  The potatoes were less than exciting as well.  Not much flavor to them either.   I took it that my man left more than half of his breakfast over that he too didn't enjoy it.  Over-priced "bleh" food.  I give it 2 stars, because it's not THE WORST place I've ever eaten.  And the bread was decent.  We also ordered bloody marys... and those too were... BLAND and had little to no alcohol in them.Also, we received REALLY slow service and waited probably at least 20 minutes after we had our plates removed to get our check.  I was glad we didn't pay for this and that we used our credit on a breakfast instead of a more expensive dinner there.Oh well, I'll know better next time.
4	I debated on whether to give this place a 3- or a 4-star rating, and I thought, what the heck, 4-stars for the excellent service and digestif selection.The food, I would say, is one step above Olive Garden quality--good, but not terribly authentic. (By authentic, I mean classic and simple.) I ordered the Ravioli alla Lucana and it was very good, but by no means tastebud errupting.I will give props to this place for three things: (1) the bread, warm and arromatic, and the olive oil, delicious(2) the service, our waiter was extremly attentive plus could speak Italian with my boyfriend, and(3) the limoncello is fantasticOverall, I'd give this place a go if you don't have anywhere else in mind. There are so many good places to eat on The Strip, anyone would have a hard time choosing!
1	This place was EXTREMELY disappointing. It's bad enough that a cool looking hotel and casino from the outside (talking about New York New York here) has absolutely NOTHING to do on the inside. This is one of the only restaurants in the entire place and it sucked. There was a line to be seated that was pretty long. We truly thought that the place was spectacular because of it. It was our friends wedding night and they wanted to get a good dinner as did we. This place is over priced (it's Vegas), portions are tiny and the food is BLAND!Not to mention, our waiter was exceptionally rude. He didn't want to explain anything to us (seriously, reading that menu is like reading a foreign language), it took him 15 minutes to bring us our bread and oil and balsamic, and he did not once offer any refills (I was afraid to even ask in fear that they'd charge us for refills)Avoid this place at all costs. I rather would have tried the Irish restaurant on the other side of the casino.
4	My wife and are staying here at the New York-New York Hotel & Casino we came here for a light breakfast and coffee. The coffee, as my wife put it, was "Divine" and I must agree. My wife really knows and enjoys her coffee's, so I know if she gives it a good rating we'll be back without a doubt. She had a latte and I had an iced cappuccino. She had fruit n yogurt parfait with granola and again in her words she ... "Loved it!"I had the ham and cheese croissant w/egg and it was excellent! The outside was lightly flakey n buttery. Right after I ordered it I was on the phone for 15 min and when I ate my croissant, it was still warm and tasty. It had great flavor.The atmosphere is great, besides typical coffee displays it had bottles of wine, olive oil, bread (which supplies Fresh n Easy their breads), recipe books and a few other knick knacks on display making it look and feel comfortable.I would have given it a five start rating except for the fact that the staff wasn't very friendly. But I'm sure we'll return regardless.TC
4	Overall a good place to eat. Not too fancy or over the top. Service was ok. I ended up sitting in the outside of the restaurant which was ok next time I would ask for inside. Reason being its distracting and we ended up having some people just poke their head over and started talking to us. Good food and pricing was reasonable. I would recommend this place but if your looking for 4 or 5 star dining I won't recommend this particular place. Just my two cents.  Enjoy!
5	I wasnt pumped about having a dress up night on Our trip to Vegas, but thats what the girls wanted an in order to get laid that night, I agreed. So we end up eating here because it's the only place that had food chicks eat. I opted for the spaghetti with meat sauce and angel hair. It was a chili type which surprised me, but it was absolutely delicious. The price was $40 for 2 people which I think is way under-priced. My wife is super picky, almost to the point of obnoxious, and she was raving about it. I wish I hadnt washed my hands, while I was up the bread came and the rest of the party ate most of it. It was delicious and I only ate it plain. You dont need to be dressed up to eat here, I seen people who look like they just came from the County fair and they got the same great service. If I had to absolutely nit pick this place, and find something wrong I'd say the cigarette smoke from the casino if you're sitting on the "outside" of the restaurant. It's not literally outside, its just the way its built its not in the main part. And it wasnt even bad. I recommend this place entirely. We followed it up with a show across the street called Ka. It's my next review.
2	It was ok. I have defiantly had better Italian!  Service was great and the atmosphere was great but the food was just ok.  Probably won't go there again.
1	If I could give this place a negative star I would. We went for lunch and the place was rather empty. After sitting for over 20 mins with no service of any kind we decided to leave, even after telling the hostess we were still waiting. Terrible terrible terrible service.
3	Drug ourselves into this restaurant Saturday morning and they were able to seat us right away, yay! However once we sat down it took about 15 minutes for someone to serve us. The server was apologetic and said he would give us his undivided attention but this ended up being far from the truth. We had to repeat our order to him at least 4 times because he didn't write it down. I have no problem with people not writing my order down if they can memorize it, but if you can't save yourself and me a little headache and just jot it down, there was 5 of us, we won't be mad that you can memorize how we like our eggs! Anyways the food was excellent in my opinion there breakfast potatoes are cut thin, they may use mandoline? The bread was amazing and they refilled the basket for us with different options! Everyone was pretty happy with their meal, but it was all pretty standard breakfast food and preparation.For 5 of us it ended up being about 100 dollars and we all ordered juice/coffee and some sort of egg meal so a little pricey. Worth the trip if you are in the NYNY or Monte Carlo area as Monte Carlo has no breakfast options worth trying.
3	I'm not sure whether to go with 3 or 4 stars here.  My wife and I ate here the night after I finished running the Vegas marathon.  I was in the mood for some good pasta and a good portion size.  We also went here because it was close to where we were staying.  It was good.The free bread was awesome.  It was ciabatta and some rolls.  The rolls I didn't care about but the ciabatta was awesome.  We asked for a second basket and they gave us more.I got the Minestrone soup to start.  It was good.  Not the best I've had but very fresh and light tasting.  I enjoyed it.For the meal, I ordered the lasagna ferrarese.  I asked our waitress for a recommendation for a good portion size.  She recommended this.  The portion size wasn't as big as I had hoped; however, it was really good.  It was definitely plenty for any normal meal though.  With the bread, soup, and lasagna, I was full.  No question.  My wife ordered the Calamarata alle Melanzane.  I thought it was good, but it did have a strange flavor that I couldn't quite pinpoint.  We probably would have rather tried something else.I know this place doesn't have the best reviews.  However, I wouldn't be afraid to try it again.  The service was great and very efficient.  The food was good.  We had a great time.
4	Reasonally priced food for the Vegas strip.  Had fast service and delicous food!  Would highly suggest stopping here if feeling hungry in New York, New York!
3	The location of Il Fornaio is great...nice to be able to sit out and watch people in the casino.  The service was also really great.However, although the food was good, I struggle to give more than 3 stars, because I thought the price tag was really high for what we ordered.
3	It's been a few years since I last had a meal here but a visit to Vegas just isn't complete unless I get a bite here.  Absolutely love their free bread and olive oil for dipping.  Old-world hard European crust with lovely soft center - I haven't found a better crusty bread anywhere since!  As for the rest of the food, frankly, I don't recall much so it must have been good, but not absolutely great.  But the bread - that's what I go back for!  3 stars.
4	I ate here for lunch and a dinner while staying at the New York New York Hotel for a week.  For lunch I had a pizza which was almost too much for one person....almost.  Fortunately I'd been on planes all day and was starving and the pizza was very good so I finished it all.  Service was excellent, personal and attentive.  A decent wine selection too.  For dinner, i had chicken parm.  Decent size portion, pretty tasty and the pasta side was very good too.  Service was once again excellent as well.  Pricing is on the higher side but not insane.  I definitely recommend it if you're in the mood for italian.
4	a very nice place for food when you are exhausted of all the partying. i loved my food and my drink.
5	The food and service were awesome. The seafood linguine was the best. Will definitely be coming back for their happy hour.
2	This spot is along the main thoroughfare through NY NY, so you'll probably come across it pretty easily. Seemingly a good alternative to a buffet for breakfast, we stopped by and were seated quickly as it was a Monday morning and pretty dead. Our service was with us immediately...but that didn't last long. But let's start with the positive - tasty Eggs Benedict. The yolks were perfect, the sauce was tasty. It came with some potatoes that were nice as well. It was a bit pricy, but that's to be expected. Everyone else seemed to enjoy theirs - omelets, french toast, etc. Nobody seemed blown away by theirs, but nobody really complained. Now the reason for the two stars, despite the decent food - really, really slow service. Unacceptably so. It took 10 minutes to get our drinks, and refills required your offer of a first born child. Our server, while okay (but not great) as far as friendliness goes, was never around to show or provide much. And there were barely any tables sat. Food can't make up for service.
4	It is located inside of new york, new york. Had a wonderful meal, pasta and pizza were excellent, pasta was made fresh, tasted delicious. the bread basket could be improved and the waiters need to pay more attention to there tables. It was not even that busy and i felt neglected at times. over all food was great, i would come back for the food! they lost a star in my books because of the lack of attention on the servers part. Give it a try :)
4	Great food, prompt service, nice atmosphere, and reasonable prices for being in a casino on the Las Vegas Strip.  Highly recommend if you're staying on the strip and want good Italian food at prices that are not stratospheric.
1	Aw man. Really? Disappoint. Service was wildly slow, and considering there were fewer than ten tables of guests at any give point during the entire time we were there, yeah service was lacking. No excuses, this was the worst. Took us way too long to even be acknowledged by a server who never really greeted us. More of "here's bread. what do you want. k. brb" kind of service. There was also a busser who never said a word and a runner who more or less rolled his eyes when food hit the table. Really not great.And the food isn't doing it any favors either.We started with the calamari, which is Italian for salty octopus parts (or at least from my experience here, it must be). The tentacles are always my favorite and they were overly crispy to the point of being burned. There wasn't much redeeming about it.Then after the salty sea, we split the spaghetti and meatballs. The meatballs were the tiniest meatballs I've ever seen, and in comparison the ikea meatballs were WAY more juicy and meaty. So I mean, like, it's do-able, I just don't get why this restaurant couldn't keep up. C'mon guys, step your game up. Our server could not care less about us and I could not think less of the food. Just overall, avoid this. Not good.
4	Nice atmosphere, great for people watching. Was located in the casino but wasn't too smokey or loud. Wine was good and we ordered a pizza, the chicken entree and ravioli. The chicken plate was a great meal, pizza was average, and the ravioli dish was somewhat small. They kept the bread and dipping oil coming. Italian restaurants are a dime a dozen in Vegas (especially at the New York New York hotel) but I would go back here. The prices aren't as outrageous as some Vegas restaurants.
1	Absolutely mediocre.Normally, a restaurant like this wouldn't deserve such a poor rating as this is what I would expect from a cheap fast food restaurant for around 5 dollars. For around 20 a plate in a casino worth probably over 100 million, this level of quality is abhorrent. The pasta seemed like a box of barilla I could have cooked from walmart, coated in a novice chefs sauce that was like watered down wine mixed with Kraft italian dressing. The lasagna was better, but only because the cheap meat and cheese covered the ragu sauce (as described on menu actually as RAGU). The salad was soggy and dressing poor. The highlight of the meal was the packaged balsamic vinegar served with the bread. Very poor food, made worse by the exorbitant prices.The service was also extremely poor, we were only visited by the busboy who kept refilling our glasses. The waiter was mostly absent.Atmosphere was nice, if a little cheesy, but a live concert which seemed to be going on in the casino was a bit distracting during a meal.Could have got an equivalent meal at sbarros for significantly cheaper.Don't make the mistake. This is a tourist trap and the only reason it survives is because of its location.
5	This place deserves 10 stars in my book.My wife and I had our wedding reception dinner here in their private room, and everything was absolutely fantastic. Our food was delicious, our server, Chris, was amazing, and everyone had a fabulous time. Kelly, their event coordinator, was an absolute godsend. Organizing a wedding long distance was tough, but she made sure that planning our dinner was by far the least stressful thing on our list. Next time we're in Vegas, I can say with 100% certainty we'll be coming back here.
4	New York, New York isn't your most glamorous hotel on the Strip.  Because of this, I made the false assumption that the restaurants here are 2nd rate....  Boy, was I wrong!I loved everything about Il Fornaio... My soup was fantastic--I would order again.  I can't recall the name but it had mushrooms in it.  I oohed and ahhhed at the assortment of entrees that walked by me to other patrons.  I really had a tough time selecting what to eat..!!  Other patrons ordered the lamb shank with included a healthy dose of lamb.  Tender, flavorful... superb!Service here was impeccable.  I thoroughly enjoyed my dining experience here.  Should I make a stop at New York, New York again, I wouldn't mind swinging by Il Fornaio again!  As I reflect back on all of my trips to Vegas, this restaurant ranks up there amongst the most satisfying I have been to...
3	Beautiful surroundings - great service- a bit pricy!  We were so excited for a fabulous meal  - disappointed.
2	Somewhere on the NY NY website I saw a promotion for BOGO breakfast here if you stay at NY NY which we were.  I made a reservation a couple weeks before even though I figured we probably wouldn't need it on a weekday.  We didn't but there was a nice table waiting for us on the Patio.I ordered the corn beef hash for $10.99.  It came with sliced potatoes and chopped corn beef on top along with two poached eggs, and a fried polenta cake.  Breakfast is also served with warm french bread.I did not care for the corn beef which was dry.  The potatoes were undercooked and overall the dish was very rich and greasy.  The polenta cake was tasteless and rubbery... I didn't understand the concept of it at all... and the poached eggs were cooked to perfection, the saving grace of my breakfast.  Also, the bread was very good and the real butter was high quality.  I was dissapointed...My hub ordered the french toast for $9.99 and said it was pretty good, nothing fancy... but he'll eat anything and I was not interested in trying it.The coffee was excellent and refills kept coming, as they should for $4.50 !!!Our server was nice and started out attentive but ticked me off when he took the order of two tables near us that were seated after us............. my pet peeve for sure.  So of course they got their food before us and that just isn't OK with me.  He didn't neglect us otherwise so that was nice.  And the lady pouring the coffee was on it!  Loved that!I won't be back for breakfast but based on the pics posted on Yelp I do want to try them for dinner... we shall see...
2	This place is okay... but nothing spectacular. I only went for for brekky, which was acceptable and did the job (of filling my stomach), but my palate certainly didn't learn anything new... well, there was the polenta, which was kinda good--it was grilled w/ a gorgonzola sauce on it... but, otherwise, everything else was typical. Oh, and just a couple of warnings: as you might suspect, since this restaurant is attached to a casino (it's in the New York, New York casino), expect to experience your breakfast as fumes of cigarette smoke encase you. Nasty! Also, expect to pay wayyyy to much for brekky that tastes JUST okay.
3	Was contacted by the restaurant asking that I give them another try... I will consider that since they took the time to view Yelp comments about their establishment... next step... make the necessary changes to make your business better!!!!!!!  Trust me, when I come back, I will comment here and expect it to be a better experience! :)
2	The "outside" seating is right on the casino sales floor. That would be ok...if it was the Venetian. Having drunk girls at the table behind us barely able to string two sentences together is not very appetizing. With that in mind, the lemon drop I had was decent. I ordered the salmon, and it came with a few string vegetables, and like five "potato wedges"(more like slivers). The salmon tasted good at least. I had tiramisu for dessert, and it was sub-standard. I expected more.
3	My friends suggested that we meet for dinner at Il Fornaio on a Saturday night. We were staying at the MGM and the restaurant is conveniently located in New York, New York (i.e., just across the street). Our party of six was seated on the "outdoor" patio adjacent to the casino floor. Slot machines were literally about 15 feet away. Not the best ambiance for a nicer restaurant.As for the food, it was decent but nothing too exciting and largely overpriced. While my margarita pizza was much larger than I expected for $14 and easily enough for two meals, my friend's salmon plate seemed incredibly tiny for $25. Would it really hurt you to throw in a little extra sides? Maybe it's just because I'm crazy for potatoes but the few little bites on the plate wouldn't have satisfied me.On the plus side, the waiter was pleasant and the complimentary bread and olive oil/vinegar was a nice touch.
2	Although the service was good, the food was nothing special.  The prices also are about 30% higher than they should be.  My mom ordered a fettucini dish and felt ill all evening after eating it.  My spinach ravioli was just okay.  We also tried the fried vegetable appetizer and the caprese salad.  Both were decent, but neither was noteworthy. If you want great Italian food in Vegas, check out the Bootlegger Bistro or Capo's.  Both have much better food and atmosphere than Il Fornaio.
5	Great service great food!!!!
3	Il Fornaio is a decent place in the NY NY casino area. The service was a bit spotty but all in all quite decent. The burrata is must try and the pizza was tasty. If you want to be seated quickly try the bar area. I can't write a Sunday Times Food Review on this but I will say that it's solid good place if you want italian.
3	We ate breakfast at Il Fornaio on a weekday morning.  I had the 4 cheese omelet, which certainly delivered on the cheesiness.  The wife had pancakes with a side of bacon.  The pancakes were a little lighter than typical, this was a welcome change.  Pancakes can be awfully dense at times, so these were nice.  The bacon was of good quality.  My hash browns were sufficiently toasted.I'll say, the service was decent, but the food took a LONG time.  And, the restaurant was not that crowded.  I don't blame our server, maybe someone in the kitchen called in sick or something.  Our water glasses were filled regularly, our food just took a long time.  She did bring us toast early with jam and butter, so that helped. All in all, fairly average breakfast, but a nice break from the usual Vegas coffee shop routine.
4	My mom always raves about Il Fornaio when she comes to Vegas and now I know why, they really know how to bake things!  Seriously everything from the breakfast pastries to the bread is amazing!  The two for one breakfast deal is a good deal if you're staying in the hotel.  I'm still searching for a go-to lunch/dinner item, but they have a pretty big menu so I'm sure I'll find that "must have" item soon!
4	The food here is cheap and decent quality, especially for Vegas. I've been here a couple times and enjoyed the food and drinks both times.
3	Came in on a Sunday night for a family dinner and I thought the place was just ok. Service: the service was pretty good! Came in and got seated right away with no problems. The server handed us our menus and water on the spot. They gave us a couple of minutes to decide on what we would order, while we waited they gave us some bread with dipping. I have no complaints about their service at all.Food: we got the caprese, pannio al vodka , linguini seafood, some sort of chocolate cake, and a tiramisu. My pannio al vodka was just ok BUT it could have been better if it was more saucy. I really really wish that they gave me more sauce. My mother in law was so disappointed in her seafood linguini that she didn't even take her leftovers home. As for the dessert I was happy but I am pregnant and always dying for something sweet. Would I go back? Maybe, but I would ask for more sauce on the side lol.
3	Decent breakfast spot if staying at the New York New York, but slow service and elevated prices may steer us away the next visit. A nice variety, and change of pace concerning their ingredients in everyday early morning dishes, but not sure if the value was Vegas worthy...
4	A Happy Hour Haven!  A considerable $7 menu Happy Hour Menus loaded with tasty appetizers, pizzas and drinks.  Servers are outstanding.  I highly recommend the $7 pizzas.  MGM Guests get BOGO breakfast, which is also very good.  Try it, you'll like it.  Enjoy.
4	08/01/2013We were there for Happy Hour, the Carpaccio was awesome, the Pizza Fresh, great cocktails exceptional service Nice Job!
2	My wife and I sit down to what we hoped would be a great Italian meal. We waited for about 10 minutes for the waiter to take our drink order. We got our bread before seeing our waiter. When he finally showed up to ask our drinks, we were ready to place our order. I ordered a caprese salad, and my wife ordered pennoni alla vodka. The food was quick to come, but sadly not worth our wait to sit. Her small portion of pennoni had only two miniature chunks of bacon. My mozzarella on my caprese basically disintegrated in my mouth and turned to mush. All in all we didn't enjoy our time and were both disappointed.
3	The fresh made pasta is delicate and delicious, but flavors and sauces are bland. Better for brunch than dinner, even though I love pasta. Even the bread basket was boring at dinner.
3	Pasta with seafood was delicious-  I wasn't expecting a restaurant within a casino to necessarily have good pasta dishes, prepared authentically so I was surprised. Really enjoyed it. Only fault was what I considered a sloppy presentation of the dish- the sauce on the bottom was a little watery indicating pasta hadn't been drained well before adding sauce. Expect more from a restaurant.
4	I would give it 5 stars but I had already had dinner and can't rate it completely because I only ordered a salad. The bread was to die for and the balsamic salad was delicious and fresh. I wish I would have waited to eat my meal here, I'm sure it would be amazing! Service was great and they even accommodated my 3 year old daughter.
2	Edible, thats about it.  Its italian but don't expect good italian.  Had the bruschetta, they drizzled it with a sweet sticky balsamic reduction which was way too sweet it overpowered the tangy properties of the balsamic.  It had such little mozzarella cheese that we literally had to search for it.  The pizza was ok, but the dough was undercooked.There was a bus boy/man that was so aggressive in taking our plates (when we weren't done, we had to block him).  He would stop at our table multiple times while we were having a conversation and start to take plates, and we were thinking "really?"  you need the plates that bad, "really?"For the prices they charged you would think a little bit more effort would be put into the food. Go elsewhere.  The food isn't worth the price.  Thank God we didn't have to wait because we'd be really kicking ourselves.
4	Great breakfast and nice ambience for a casino hotel. The espresso / latte was good and the Italian Corned Beef Hash breakfast was delicious!!Would definitely seek out if in LV
1	Probably the worst Italian food I have eaten.    We ate early after getting back from a walk.  The food tasted like it had been micro waved from lunch.  I had the lasagna.  Noodle were really soggy, meat was dry,  no cheese.  The tomato sauce tasted like it was from a can.  I'm not kidding this was terrible.
5	The food was awesome! The atmosphere is super cool with the little stream along the restaurant and tables set up to have a "sitting outside feel" so you can have an awesome time people watching in the casino. ( The restaurant is located in the New York New York hotel and casino)Service was great as well. Thumbs up all around!
2	Located on the ground floor of New York, New York next to the casino, not a great location.  Hostess was nice, seated us right away.  Waiter didn't start off very good, had to ask for him a couple times to take our order.Food was mediocre, Fornaio salad was just ok, very hard croutons and had a very small slice of cheese.  For the main entree, I had the tortelinni special that was pretty good but very small portion.  I probably won't be back as there are much better options.
5	I love Il Fornaio. I always have great service when I'm there. I order the linguine mare chiaro. It is so delicious! Plus, the raspberry chocolate torte is amazing!
1	I was at the cafe side of this restaurant. The "breakfast sandwiches" were pre-made and disgusting. It was a stuffed croissant filled with mostly cheese and scrambled eggs (not very much) and chunks of ham. I don't like ham, but there was no other choice if I wanted eggs, which is usually what people get with their breakfast. I could only eat half of it and had to toss it.
4	I'd been craving penne vodka all week. So when I saw it on the menu here, I had to stop in for dinner. And, of course, it was also happy hour. I dined at the bar. Wines by the glass were $6 during happy hour. There were also assorted appetizers and pizzas on happy hour special. But I needed that penne vodka. The bartenders were nice and attentive. My order arrived promptly and I was checked on regularly. The pasta was fabulous. A perfectly-sized portion - I could actually eat all of it and it was more than enough to fill me up. The pasta was done just right at the sauce had a good flavor. It definitely hit the spot. Based on this meal, I can see myself coming back for another one.
1	Horrible!!! My family waited 20 minutes after being seated for service in the middle of a slow Thursday afternoon. The service was poor and we had to  flag down a different waitress since our waiter disappeared for 15 minutes at a time. The food was overpriced, over-spiced dog food. It was a waste of money and 90 minutes of our lives.
4	This review is based only on my breakfast experience at Il Fornaio, but I'd definitely try this restaurant for dinner if I find myself back in the New York New York hotel/casino anytime soon.We came here just as we were leaving to come home from our trip to Las Vegas and as someone who is known to be rather picky when it comes to Italian food, honestly this might not have ever even got onto my list - but I'm glad it did.  We were actually in a bit of a hurry, and I did a Yelp search for close places in our hotel, and this came up.  As is often the case, once you filter out the outliers in the reviews, you actually come up with some helpful ones and it seems there are some who can appreciate what is actually pretty decent/authentic Italian food considering the venue.Service was very friendly and fast on our visit, and while I agree this place lacks a little in atmosphere maybe, it is in a theme hotel so using that as a primary judgment seems short sighted.Food was good too, we had....Uova Con Pancetta AffumicataOmelette Alla ContadinaBoth were good, particularly the apple-wood smoked bacon in both dishes, and the filone toast that came with them was great too.  Good coffee as well which was well needed before our travels home for the day.Perspective people!  This is Las Vegas, it is not Italy (and no the Venetian does not count either - but it's a good hotel).  Good thing too, because those whining about slow service would probably find it even slower and annoying if they really did go to Italy, not all folks are in a super hurry all the time, I'm actually glad for times when I'm not as well!
5	Great sandwiches and croissants. The bread is well cooked. Overall a great reasonably priced place for breakfast.
4	We stopped in for a late bite after the Andrea Bocelli concert two weekends ago. Chris ordered the margarita pizza, he LOVED it. I ordered the Insalata di Bietole the red and gold beets were a delicious earthy contrast to the peppery wild arugula and the toasted walnuts and asiago cheese added a creamy roundness to the dish. I ordered it without the dressing. I instead asked for olive oil to drizzle on top. The olive oil was fruity with lemony notes. It was simple but very delicious. Also, the wine list was excellent. Reasonably priced, and a nice selection. We were both very satisfied.
3	We went here for dinner on Christmas Day, I do not know why there are so many bad reviews on service as our waiter.... Gary checked in on us a ton of times! he even walked by a few times to teach my kids some Italian words.  He was really nice, the food was just "okay"   I would return and try a different dish another time.  The pasta Fagioli Soup was good, the kids had a Margharetta pizza which was good, I had one slice of theirs.  We ordered the brushetta appetizer, I would skip this, we asked for only the tomato brushetta and no goat cheese or the other one on there.... which they did give us but it was not very flavorful.  It had too much pesto on top and underneath and the tomatoes had no taste.   I think the place has good food but not great food.  I used to live in NY and you definitely cannot compare it to a "NY" restaurant like Umbertos NY or anyplace like that but it was a good meal.  Also, soda and lemonade refills are not free, so be careful with that, my daughter got another lemonade and didnt even finish it and I was charged for three lemonades.... we ordered two of them but I didnt think there would be another one on there when she wanted more.  Most places on the strip and local restaurants like King's fish house do not charge for more soda.We had a good dessert....... a trio something for dessert..... cannot remember the exact name but it had a scoop of vanilla gelato, a choc moose cake and some tiramisu and the dessert was really good.  That there was nothing left of :)
5	The best restaurant I was ever! I'm keep coming back over there every trip in Vegas.Ivone the server was excellent, smile, positive and let you feel like a king.Thank you Ivone!
2	Went there for a nice romantic dinner. The ambiance is very nice, and has the upscale feel we were looking for. But then as soon as we sat down, the guys in the kitchen started yelling back and forth in Spanish, cracking jokes and chatting with each other. It was instantly distracting. We were trying to have a romantic evening, starting off with some enjoyable conversation over a glass of wine, and I wanted so badly to yell at the kitchen to please shut the hell up.After that, it was all hands on deck while they set up a table for fourteen next to us. I would have expected them to know enough to work quietly and not disturb the guests. But this crew was just the opposite--talking back & forth and laughing like a bunch of frat boys at a ball game. It completely changed Il Fornaio from up-scale Italian restaurant to no-frills Mexican tacqueria.Don't get me wrong--that may be the atmosphere they're going for. But if you're looking to have a quiet romantic dinner, you may come away disappointed.
1	Horrible!  Went there last night with friends for a birthday and all four meals were bad.  Save your money and go anywhere else
5	This was probably one of the best Italian restaurants I have ever been to. We were staying at the New York New York , in the mood for Italian food and saw this. The outside of the place looked like a really fancy 5 star restaurant. The menu outside the restaurant was electronic , almost iPad like. We saw a couple of things we liked and decided to step in. The hostess quickly sat us and our waiter was already there to greet us. Quickly came out with appetizers and water. The bread was home made and really good. My bf ordered some pasta and I ordered a salad. The service meanwhile was really good, refills were always poured and bread was always out. The food was really good. Decent portions which left you stuffed at the end of the meal. Everything was true Italian. The decor of the place was really fancy. Marble floors, diamond looking walks, chandlers on the ceiling , so pretty and everything and everyone was really professional. You can tell the people that work her stride for great customer service.The bill was not the cheapest but indeed worth every penny. Check this place out if you want Italian food - you will not be disappointed.
5	We were searching for good, authentic italian food and found it here in New York, NY. As an italian cook, I am pretty picky. Food was fabulous and service excellent!  Incredible happy hour deals here as well. We will definitely return to this restaurant!
1	Service on a Sunday morning was so poor, I can't give Il Fornaio anything more than 1 star, even though the food tasted very good. We were sat immediately, but waited at least 10 minutes before we were acknowledged. The waiter  didn't acknowledge that we had been sitting for a while when he finally approached us to take our drink order. When he brought my coffee he didn't bring  sugar and we had to get our own sugar off of another table. Same with the food- the food was practically thrown on the table drive-by style and nobody checked on us at all after the food was dropped, until they dropped off the bill. The mascarpone french toast was tasty but luke warm. My girlfriend ordered the Contadina omelette, specifically for the gorgonzola cheese (which didnt end up making its way into her omelette). She also had to get hot sauce and ketchup from another table.
5	Was pleasantly surprised. Just a lucky shot we happen to hit happy hour one night. Calzone was great, calamari large portioned and very yummy and the bread pudding for desert was the best Ive ever had. Will definitely be back. The drinks sounded yummy but I only give them 4 stars, they were not my favorite but they were ok. Our waitress in the bar was nice and friendly also. great time
4	Very delicious Italian food, even the waiter was so Italian it was hard to make out what he said (didn't mind that!). You must Ryan the bruschetta sampler from the appetizers menu, fantastic! I had the spinach salad and asked for extra bacon but didn't get much extra, but it was still delicious!
5	We ate there for Valentine's dinner. Everything was great. The bread with oil was yummy. The mojito drinks were delicious and of course the pasta was superb! Our waiter was friendly. I will defiantly go back when in Las Vegas.
2	I really wanted to like this place., but it was not meant to be.My husband and I are picky Italian eaters, and unfortunately the Fettuccine Alla Friulana was just almost forgettable, and redundant. We had the Fradiavola pizza, which was ok -  However, it was the mixed drinks that we ordered that saved our experience here - nothing else.Oue waiter took our order, but was hardly there. He brought out our mixed drinks quickly, but my husband had asked for water (and if you have walked the strip, you are thirsty!) and we did not get water until 15 minutes after we had been seated, our food came much later.
5	We stay at NYNY all the time but never tried here. Glad we finally did! I had the Linguine mare chiaro, loaded with seafood! Clams, mussels, prawns and scallops in a tomato and wine sauce. My gf had the calzone. Everything was good from the service to the food. This was our first visit in Oct '13. We actually came back in Jan '14 and ordered the same for lunch. Awesome too!
5	My first time here and it was delish....I had the salmon and it was very good, not dry at all. I would definitely come back.....
5	I ate here several times during my stay at New York New York. The staff is friendly, the food is fresh, and even the prices are great for the quality you get. Bar and coffee beverages are expertly prepared, the spinach salad is fresh and tasty. The Salute is a great healthy option for breakfast with eggs, cottage cheese, and fresh fruit. My husband got the French toast which came with whipped marscapone cheese. You always get fresh bread, served warm. Excellent place!
4	Pleasant staff and awesome food - from fresh baked pastries to french toast to die for! The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because they're not open for the early risers.
3	Met our friends here for a quick breakfast before leaving Vegas today. The waitress sure seemed grouchy and bothered by us taking a few minutes to figure out what we wanted to eat. I ordered pancakes and it came with 3 large pancakes. Very filling and sweet but it would be nice if they put something with them like a slice of orange or something. Kind of weird to have "just pancakes". Hubby ordered a waffle and it came with strawberries and bananas on it and it looked pretty good!
1	So, if you are hungry...and there is absolutely nothing....I mean NOTHING else that you can find....for an non authentic Italian restaurant, this place is for you.  If your taste buds also don't work, again a great restaurant for you!
3	Pretty good restaurant.  Waiter was fantastic.  Right in New York, New York casino.  Food presentation was good - atmosphere good.
5	At 1st wasn't sure if we wanted to eat here after the Zumanity show.. we had a party of 5 and we didn't want to get over stuffed with Italian food with the heavy sauce/pasta. We gave it a try anyways and hubby and I shared a meal to keep us from not being stuffed. We ordered the Fettucini with sausage/cream sauce and a salad. WOW OH WOW!! This meal was AWESOME!!! The pasta and sauce was NOT heavy and over filling. I could have eaten the whole thing myself and  not worry about popping.  LOVED it. We also had a bottle of Chianti the waiter suggested and it was GREAT! Would TOTALLY eat here again and again. Highly  recommend.
1	Sick sick I got food poison still suffering from the grilled seafood platterI went to the hospital and I spent $3000 I think for now you always me $3000 of creditI was sick for four days it's ridiculous please give good quality food because you are charging for it
5	What? A chain restro in the 2nd rate NewYork hotel? I have been to Italy 30+ times and I think I know Italian food very well. The Sicilian exec chef is a true master. Quality control in this busy place is amazing. But the food is done extremely well and by Vegas standards, for a reasonable price. You really can't get better Italian in Vegas. The same company owns Canaletto in Venetian Hotel. Same dishes but at much higher prices. I went again 9-11-14 and found a waiter who's an expert sommelier. Great food, reasonable price again.
5	So I find it nessasary to add a comment here. Why some may ask. I was recently in Vegas treating my fiance for her birthday. (She's never been to Vegas) She's pretty picky about her pasta dishes. ESpecially when having prawns, shrimp in it. She loves that stuff but must be done right. I... Like others decided to read up on ll FORNAIO. We saw pictures of Linguine Mare Chiaro. Following the pictures. I decided to read the reviews. Some good some bad. I then call the restaurant. I spoke to the manager 'Hector' and asked a few questions. I said I am not a picky eater but my fiance is and it's her birthday and first trip to Vegas. I also asked about how long does it take to serve dinner from the time ordered because I had a show to go to at 9:00 pm. I said I am not rushing,,, just needed to have an idea. Hector assured me great food, great service, great price and all in a timely fashion. Well my YELP fans... Hector is a man of his word. It could not have been any better. Wen we got there. I did ask for Hector. He remembered everything I said and requested. He catered to my fiance as if she was the first lady. (Reality is she is a Queen. My Queen.) When she said that she didn't care for marinara sauce and preffers fettucini sauce. He had the chef make it to her likings. Constantly checking up on us and our food couldn't come out any faster. Best service and food. Price also. He even sent her a nice dessert with a candle for her birthday. I can go on with how great it was. But I'll take up to much here. So for those that posted negative  comments.... I am sure that all you had to do was ask and they would do what ever it takes to make you happy. Food will not always be perfect where ever you go. But this place will adjust the menu if need be to please. So to Hector and his staff. THANK YOU for everything and rest assure I will be back with an empty stomach ;)
4	We only ate breakfast here in New York New York. The breakfasts are of gourmet quality, and, as expected, somewhat more pricey than, say, Dennys. If you are staying at the hotel, you get a two-for-the-price-of-one breakfast coupon.
4	Service was excellent if not superb.  Hector, the Restaurant Manager was extremely helpful and terrific to get to meet and know.  Before we made our reservation, my wife wanted to know if they would make something for her that was not on the regular menu (veal picatta) and they were very accommodating.  I would recommend eating here but only if you want good food and outstanding service.  If not, go somewhere else.  Gary was our waiter and I would never go back without asking for him.  A wonderful experience.
3	Standard Italian fare and not unreasonable prices. We made a reservation for 7pm on a Tuesday but walked right up and could have gotten a table without one. Penne ala vodka was good and our server was friendly. Great atmosphere. Would definitely recommend for those looking for an affordable, quick, no-fuss meal.
3	The Caesar Salad was delicious, but the pasta was disappointing. They overcooked the noodles for the Linguini we ordered...it was otherwise a very delicious dish.The bread went well with the pasta sauce. The portions were very small, but the food was high quality.Service was excellent.
5	Went for first time, this past week and really enjoyed it. LOVED this place. The piano bar provided great background music. We sat on the Patio.Our server was more than just a server.She went above and beyond to deliver that extra special experience.You can tell when someone enjoys their job.The food was great, For appetizers we had the calamari and bruschetta so so good.I got the canneloni and my husband had chicken parmagiana . Delicious.Great place to have dinner .We will be back.
2	We dined here because it was located conveniently in our hotel, but honestly, it was subpar. I think our server did a fine job of handling our party of 10, but that was about it. First, the complimentary bread was cold and featured a hardened crust that could have cut the roof of your mouth open. Then my entree barely filled me up...I opted for the Ravioli alla Lucana ($19.79), which features:Organic spinach ravioli filled with Italian sausage, ricotta, Grana Padano and fennel; topped with fresh tomatoes, spicy tomato sauce with imported peperoncino, pecorino pepato cheese and fresh basilI received about 5 pieces of ravioli and had no problems finishing my plate. It was tasty, but the portion was just too small. With the service charged tacked on, I paid something like almost 30 bucks for 5 pieces of pasta... not worth it.
3	This place has good service, not great, but they do take care of you by helping you order based on your hunger. I ordered the $33 three-course meal. This comes baked rye and sesame bread. Ask them if they can heat it up b/c mines was served cold. :/ Anyways, I suggest to choose the flatbread as your starter (it has fresh mozzarella and goat cheese along with tomatoes and olives which was real good). You may also choose their soup or salad. Soup is very small. My main course meal was the pasta with vodka sauce (red sauce and cream sauce). However, it was okay, the bacon in it was good but for the price I say order the salmon with veggies instead. The highlight of the three-course meal was the tiramisu! It is made in their restaurant, so it tastes fresh! If you like chocolate, their chocolate mouse is the bomb. This is located inside of the New York New York hotel on the Vegas strip and when parked (love how most hotels have free self-parking) you go down the escalator from the arcade and it is on your right side near the casino.
2	Stay at the New York New York for my 4 days of fun & had breakfast here twice while on vacation.  I had to say that the service was horrible!  I always order bacon with my breakfast and ask for extra crispy; my bacon came out raw both days.  I ask if I could have it cook a little bit more and boy did I get attitude & dirty looks.  The food was good enough but the service is enough to keep me from coming back when I return in October.  I don't have to eat here and I will not recommend this place to anyone who comes to Vegas. It's a shame because the french toast is amazing & so is the cafe mocha!
4	Located inside the NewYork-NewYork hotel in las vegas, he had good time at Il Fornaio. We had pasta, bruschettas and calzone which were pretty good. The bread served was also pretty good. If you go there, don't expect real italian food, it's america, so no surprise if it's nothing like your favorite italian dish, it's americanized! I would recommend it.
2	Lack of bang for the buck.  Spent 60 bucks on two entrees and a glass of wine.  Chicken parm was just that not pasta on the plate.  It was ok not great.  Had way better in NY little Italy.  Had a personal pizza sausage with potatoes and onions.  It's not pizza just cheese and bread with the ingredients.  Was totally unsatisfied.  This place for the top worst places in my stay in Vegas for 6 days.  If I go back to Vegas I'm passes in this place.
4	The restaurant have a great atmosphere and the service is perfect. Our waiter was funny and plaisant. The food was great. I order Pasta with Italian sausage, mushrooms, onions, tomato, thyme and cream sauce (Fettuccine Alla Friulana) and my boyfriend had spaghetti.
2	In retrospect of all the fine dining places on or near the strip this is not even on my radar. The reservation for 7 went smooth enough and were seated on time. The waiter and staff were professional and knowledgeable.My knock is that the food really isn't that good. Out of the 7 plates on the table not one guest raved about there choice. That's just ok to me.My own linguine and clams suffered from any real flavor, though it was cooked perfectly. Hope that makes sense. I'm trying to remember what the other guest had... I can't. Last line... Forgettable.
2	Just was walking by when looking for dinner and this restaurant had an appealing setting. The waitstaff was ok, nothing special. Best part of the whole meal was the complimentary bread basket. The penne a la vodka lacked taste and the margarita pizza was nothing special. Definitely overpriced for the quality of the food. Disappointed overall, much better options on the strip.
2	This "fancy" Italian restaurant at New York, NY def does not deliver on the quality of the real New York City has for quality Italian food.  The pizza as soggy mess..the pasta was something you get a Marie Calendar's.  The prices for this joint I would def skip and go to the other amazing food places located in other casinos you want for good Italian.
5	We had great service, the bread was crusty and fresh, spinach ravioli delicious and the dessert was great.  Our waitress, Cynthia, was great - she recommended dishes and couldn't have been nicer and more efficient!
2	Expected more, for the price. Everything was just ok. No big problems, but nothing was really memorable either. I had the pennoni alla vodka, and my girlfriend had the cannelloni al forno (we also had appetizers), and it just seemed pretty pedestrian. Our seating was pretty lousy, right next to the slot machines (literally 15 feet away).
3	The service was great. I don't think the food was amazing, for the price, but it wasn't bad either. I had the chicken Caesar salad and it was good. My friend wanted fettuccine Alfredo which wasn't on the menu but they made it for him so that was very accommodating.
2	Recipe for Il Fornaio's pennoni alla vodka: Heat up one can of Campbell's(r) tomato soup with half a can of milk and season with Bac~o's(r) to taste. Toss with pasta.The bartenders here were ok, but that doesn't make up for the food. Carpaccio was clearly presliced, covered with plastic wrap and placed in the fridge for serving. Pennoni alla vodka was oddly sweet and very generic tasting, like the worst recipes from the back of soup cans. The tiramisu was also pre portioned, I believe, since the chocolate shavings on top had the chalky look that they get from sitting in the fridge. If you're in a large group looking for something to eat that's not going to offend anyone then I guess come here. If you're looking for something worthwhile to spend money on, then there are much better options close by.
5	We LOVE this place!!!My husband and I stayed at the Monte Carlo in Las Vegas which is next door to the NYNY and we found Il Fornaio by chance and we were so happy we did! We went in for their happy hour pizza-amazing btw! and the bartender Mariah was super nice and very attentive. She told us about the 2 for 1 breakfast deal and we came in for breakfast twice and our waitress Sandra was awesome too! We ended up eating at Il Fornaio at least once each day we were in Las Vegas and we would recommend them to every one! Food was great! Service was amazing!
3	The food was good and the staff friendly but like most restaurants in Las Vegas, they try to get you out as quickly as possible when you want to relax and enjoy the moment with your special one.
3	Went here while staying at NYNY with a party of four others. Ordered calamari with the correct pronunciation (sounds like galamad) and the waiter didn't know what that was. The sign says "authentic Italian" but clearly not! Also ordered the pre fixe and got the chicken. The menu did NOT say spicy but the sauce was verrrrry spicy- to the point where I had to return the dish since I choke when things are too spicy. They had to rinse it and grill it again. Decent prices, amazing desert, long wait time for food.
2	This restaurant is located in the casino of the New York New York Hotel/ Casino on the strip with options of dining inside or outside (in the casino).My partner and I thought we'd give it a try mid week, with no need to make reservations.The food was quite good for the price paid. Slightly classy Italian with decent selection of appetisers and breads. The serving sizes were perfect and we didn't require ice cream or coffee afterward.***HOWEVER, there were a few issues we had with our dining experience. The primary issue was with service. The restaurant was almost empty when we arrived and we were both told to "wait outside and you will be seated immediately"... What they didn't mention was that we had to wait for the floor staff to finish laughing amongst themselves before nothing to seat us.Once finally seated we looked through the menu, chose our meals and twiddled our thumbs and yawned a few times before the waiter came back (20 minutes later) with water and the free bread we were meant to receive on arrival...? He had forgotten to get the oil and vinegar for the breads so we ordered our food and waited for our oil.10 minutes later a lady who couldn't understand much english came along with the oil and poured it all over the place (yes, this was a language barrier issue - the oil was everywhere like a crime scene), and we spent a few moments giving the place a good wipe down in preparation for the meal.The mains were actually quite timely once we disregard the other delays... Although I did spend a further 5 minutes figuring out where the restroom was in the casino (why the f*ck there wasn't one in the restaurant I will never know)..As stated above the meals were fine......Once we were finished we spent about 5 minutes staring into space yawning before we walked to the bar to ask for our bill. The bill eventually came along, it wasn't too bad.Would I go there again? No. Was the food great? Yes. Do they need to sort out their staff? Yes. Did we tip them? HELL NO.
4	We thought this place was good, very good!  We ordered a special pizza and spinach salad to share.  Generous portions. The walnuts and bacon on the spinach salad were a nice touch.  We recommend this restaurant and will visit again !
5	Great food! Breakfast was amazing ! French toast was awesome with real maple syrup. Omelette and vegetables cooked just perfect! Beautiful atmosphere too!
5	We had the most amazing server!!  He was so attentive to our needs.  The biggest thing I noticed is when he came by to take our order, he would notice that we were talking and he would make a round to come back again.  He didn't want to disrupt the conversation.  It was so polite!!The food was also great.  Between the four of us, not one of us had a complaint.  I would for sure go again and I would tell others to go as well.  Oh and the atmosphere is super fun too :)
4	We come here quit often when we're in Las Vegas. Mostly for a good sandwich, sometimes for dinner.We consider it one of the fewer locations on this part of The Strip where you can eat a decent sandwich. Meaning that not only the ingredients are fresh and the way it should be, but also the bread. It almost ressembles a proper Italian bakery.In the little shop they serve sandwiches (dine in or out), pastries and small hot Italian dishes. All made from scratch. Unfortunately the coffee is not like Italians make it, but hey, this is Vegas baby! Not Rome.Tip: you can ask for your sandwich to be pressed. If you do, make sure to  ask them to make it extra hot. We've noticed that if you don't the outside is very hot, but the inside is still cold. They serve really thick sandwiches.Both in the little shop as in the restaurant the service is Italian. It doesn't bother us. Real American's might do.Because of the prices, the Italian service and the coffee I'm not able to give five stars. For two sandwiches a hot tea and a fresh orange juice we paid almost $32. Even for Vegas stiff.And excuse any grammar or spelling mistakes. English is not my fist language. And if that isn't bad enough, my Apple device keeps changing the words into 'proper Dutch'. Yes, you've guessed right, my first language.
2	Just so-so. Way overpriced for what you get. Starting with the bread, it was cold. The carpaccio was good. The mix seafood grill was mediocre. Everything in that dish was overcooked and carelessly prepared. We will definitely opt for other restaurants in the future.
5	Amazing pasta, friendly stuff, nice relaxing atmosphere even though this place is really crowded. The best of the best manager super extra ordinary host Giuliano is the reason I will visit this place again. As a restaurant owner I know better. Giorgos
2	Horrible pizza, service is worse. Pasta over cooked, but the sauce had potential.. I don't recommend this place..
4	I am kind of on the fence about how many stars to give this place, but the customer service by our waiter, Jefferson, takes it to the above average review.  They take reservations which is nice.  We had tickets to a show and I was concerned about the logistics of navigating Vegas on a Friday night.  The restaurant is bright and airy and pleasing enough.  you are served a verity of bread along with olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  The bread was cold which surprised me, most Italian restaurants I've been to warm the bread.  There was one particular roll in the basket that we really liked and were brought a basket of just those.  I ordered the spaghetti balognese  which was good but really nothing to write home about.  My wife ordered chicken parmigiana which is an off the menu item.  Despite that, it was served quickly and was VERY good.  They had a pretty good wine list and while some of their selections are quite over priced by bottle, we found one that we were familiar with which I actually thought was even a bit under priced considering.   While we enjoyed our experience here, it is overall entirely too expensive.  Believe it or not, it was actually the bottle if wine that I thought was reasonably priced.  There is another place in the casino called Nine Fine Irishmen.  While it is also too expensive, the overall experience is enough to make me overlook the cost (to a certain extent).  Il Fornaio just does not offer the same benefit.  Had it not been for the excellent service that we received from our waiter Jefferson, I would only give this place a begrudging 3 stars.
5	Went there for dinner one night and then asked for a good place in Vegas to watch the football games with an underage kid....they set us up the next day in the bar area...thanks very much...service both times was excellent...cheap food and drinks at happy hour, and Brady kicked Peyton's butt again!
2	Pros: very nice and attentive server, lovely little patio to eat and people watch, my water cup never went emptyCons: very small portions (don't come here starving), unreasonable pricing even for vegas... 21$ for a chicken ceaser salad that was literally 4 bites worth of food, I ordered regular cheesecake for dessert (unfortunately it was lemon cheesecake... they never mentioned lemon)The food here was meh. Not bad, not good, just meh
3	Server very disconnected from doing his job, serving! I ordered the Seafood mixed grill... Great flavor, yet tiny portion for $30! All other Flavors rocked...
4	I was going to see Zumantiy again Monday night and I decided to give Il Fornaio a try.  I'm glad I did.I was seated for my 5 PM reservation immediately.  The place was almost empty so I should have been.  I was asked my choice of eating on the casino facing patio or inside.  I chose inside.My server, Carol, soon came to the table with bread and EVOO and balsamic vinegar.  She poured some EVOO onto a dish and then asked if I wanted any balsamic.  Thank you!  I don't like it when the two are mixed together on a bread plate. The bread basket had some focaccia and two rolls.  She took my iced tea order and within a minute, the bus person working with her was at my table with the drink and some sweetener.  I had looked at the menu online but she pointed out the daily specials menu.  After looking that over, I changed my mind as to the main course.  For a starter, I ordered the grilled polenta with mushrooms and sheep's milk cheese.  The dish was very good.  The polenta with the mushrooms and the cheese made a great combination.The main course is where I changed my mind.  I ordered off the specials menu the shell pasta in a gorgonzola cream sauce with sliced prosciutto. green peas, and topped with toasted walnuts.  The gorgonzola sauce was excellent and the addition of the crispy prosciutto and toasted walnuts gave it a great flavor and wonderful texture.  I'm glad they had the specials menu.  The pasta was brought to the table very hot.  For dessert, I got the crema al doppio gusto.  The menu describes it as fennel-infused custard with chocolate mousse and caramelized sugar topping.  The dessert had the fennel custard on the bottom and was topped with the chocolate mousse and then a thin layer of sugar that had been caramelized with a torch.During the meal, Carol was attentive.  She checked in several times during my time there to make sure everything was OK.  The bus person removed dishes promptly and refilled my iced tea 3 times always without having to ask.  Outstanding.I am a fan!
4	Upscale Italian that is better than average and breakfasts that make you feel you are dining al fresco in Italy. Not what you'd expect to find in a Vegas casino but this place is gorgeous and the service is spot on.Their Spaghetti Bolognese is delicious and creamy and they know their way around a steak. The breakfast pastries are obscenely good and it's difficult to choose just one. But what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas so have two or three...
3	Seated our large party quickly, food was good. Just after ordering, table next to us had a gentleman with a major medical issue. Physician at our table took care of him for over an hour while waiting for paramedics. As a thank you, Il Fornaio give us one bottle of their cheapest wine. Given the extreme delay in getting him an ambulance and the fact that the gentleman at our table kept him alive during that time I felt like that was pretty lame.
4	Il Fornaio was conveniently located in the downstairs of my room in NYNY and, after walking by it several times, my friend and I decided to eat dinner there on December 23rd.  First, our waitress was extremely nice and attentive.  Our water glasses were constantly filled, our request for more oil and vinegar came immediately, empty plates were cleared off the table quickly.  I really appreciated our waitress' attentiveness and outstanding service.Second, the inside dining area was beautiful and quiet.  It had an outstanding atmosphere for conversation.  The place was incredibly clean, spacious and chique.   I  thought the restaurant was a bit too dark but I guess it created a more intimate ambiance. Third, the food was outstanding and, with the special 3-course meal for $33, we thought it was very reasonably priced.  The bread served to us at the beginning was crisp outside and soft delicious inside.  What did I order? I cannot remember (let alone pronounce) the fancy Italian words so bear with me as I describe the items I ordered. The appetizer was a flatbread which was almost the size of an A4 paper covered with toppings and lots lots lots of delicious cheese.  The main consisted of spinach, grilled chicken and potatoes. The spicy sauce was really the superstar of that plate.  It was too bad that I ran out of sauce halfway though my chicken. Next time, more sauce please!  And, finally, for my dessert, I ordered the tiramisu - a large square-shaped decadent light fluffy cake with layers of rich creamy coffee filling.  If there's anything to improve, I'd say the portions have to be smaller.  Strange how my feedback contradicts the complaint from a previous reviewer saying the portions were too small?  I found the appetizer was far too large and (combined with the bread at the beginning) I've eaten too many carbs that, by the time I reached my main, I was already full and couldn't enjoy it as much.  By the time dessert came, I was full beyond comfort and had to pack it up.  Overall - I enjoyed the dining experience at Il Fornaio and would recommend it to everyone (who isn't on the Atkins diet!!!!)
1	We were in town for NYE and, based on my BFs recommendation, we made reservations. All four of us went in knowing what we were going to order only to find a NYE menu. Ok, we're flexible. We ordered the porterhouse steak, filet mignon, duck and wide pasta and the fettuccine with shrimp dishes. We were all extremely disappointed as none had any flavor. When our server came by and offered pepper, we eagerly accepted. We all walked in expecting a great NYE dinner and it was an epic failure. One bad meal...whatever. But, four? Worst meal ever! Truly no flavor to review.Only reason it deserves a star is because our server was attentive.
1	I have abstained from writing a review of this place for a really long time because I don't even feel they merit a review.I have visited this location on two separate dates over the past ten years and both times the experience was dismal. While the food is passable (the noodles seem to be fresh and the bread is quite good), the service is what makes this place so awful.The first time I visited was with a group of friends before attending a concert across the street at the MGM Grand Garden Arena. They didn't seem too busy and the wait wasn't long so we all agreed to eat there.I ordered a standard alfredo, the sauce was great as well as the noodles. A friend of mine asked for Dr. Pepper and the waiter informed us, "We don't carry Dr. Pepper, this is Las Vegas." (Possible he didn't know we were all local and well-aware that Dr. Pepper is indeed readily available in Las Vegas).About ten years later, my boyfriend and I went for our first anniversary dinner. I again stuck with the alfredo, but it arrived with chicken. I hate sending food back, but being vegetarian, I had to. The waiter brought back the plate with the chicken on it and insisted that's what I had ordered. I let him know that I haven't eaten meat in over 15 years, so I was pretty sure I hadn't ordered chicken. He scoffed and asked if it was okay if he just removed it. I politely declined.Two times in ten years...nothing changed. The last time was really the last time.
4	Late lunch today. Decent service and very good Italian food. Good sized entrees but we are light eaters and split a salad and lasagna; just enough.  The layout of the restaurant contributes to the slower service; we weren't in a hurry so it was OK.  I think they were understaffed today because of the holiday. I'd go back!
4	This place was great.Second time here and once again, a great meal.  Though it was overpriced somewhat, it was very good.My waiter was Raul, an awesome cat that hailed from SoCal.  We joked and laughed and talked like we were old friends.  And he and the other staff were great at what they do.  Keep up the good work, Raul!We made reservations because it was a busy week, just before New Years.  We went with a special they advertised, a three-course meal for 29 bucks. I went with the salmon, a bowl of minestrone and the Tiramisu.  The salmon was excellent, cooked just right.  The minestrone was also very good and the dessert was great.My only complaint would be that they brought out my main course before I even had a chance to finish my soup, which is not the best idea as I didn't want my fish room temp.But overall, great meal.  Atmosphere, service, location were all very nice.
4	The food is good and so is the service. I like the overall ambiance here too. The waiter created a great experience last time I was here. He brought our food in four or five courses so it was more of an eating "experience" than having to eat quickly because all the food was brought out at once. I really enjoy eating here and whenever I am in town try to make it a point to have dinner here.
