5	Desert Sparkle has been my pool service at two homes over the past 15 years, and I have always been 100% satisfied.  They are highly competent, friendly, reasonably priced, and most of all honest.  I read the other reviews here, and I would say that Ann A's review is absolutely correct.  I don't understand Robin M's revew at all.  I have known Dale for 15 years, and I think he's a great guy - probably the best business person I've dealt with in AZ.  Steve, our regular service guy, has been like a friend of the family, and we always enjoy his weekly visits.  These guys are the best - no reason to consider any other pool service.
5	Desert Sparkle Pool Care has serviced pools at our last two homes in Scottsdale, AZ and the service has spanned several years.  I cannot say enough nice things about this company! From Heather and Sharon in the office to Dale, Rus and Joe who keep the pool running in perfect condition and crystal clear, I might add. We travel a lot and if one of the guys notice something out of the ordinary they call us right away to let us know what's going on.  They add the parts and labor to my bill and I never have to worry about whether everything was done properly-it's always perfect when they are done.  They have replaced pumps, heaters, lights, gaskets, really, anything that needs attention. And if it's an emergency they come out ASAP, too. I wouldn't even consider a different company!Marianne C.
5	I am a pretty handy person with do it yourself tasks, but when it comes to pool care, I am a fish out of water.For the the 5+ years l lived in Arizona, Desert Sparkle kept my pool in perfect condition.  I supplied chlorine tablets, and they handled everything else.  Thanks to Steve, who provided the weekly service, the only thing I had to consider when it came to my pool was which bathing suit to wear.  He kept me aware of any issues with the equipment, and even made friends with my dog.  :)In addition to the weekly pool service, Desert Sparkle handled the annual maintenance of my DE filter as well as any other repairs that came up.  When my pool vacuum started to have issues, they provided me with a loaner unit until I could get a replacement.  Pool vacuums aren't inexpensive, and they provided recommendations on which units were the best in terms of performance and value, which I appreciated.When I moved out of state and my house was on the market for sale, I knew I did not have to worry about my pool continuing to look perfect.  Since my home was vacant, Steve even put a wire tie on my back gate latch to discourage anyone from paying an unwelcome visit to my back yard.  Nice to know someone was looking out for me!Overall I was very impressed with the service provided by Desert Sparkle.  If you are looking for honest, reliable pool care, give them a call!
5	Desert Sparkle installed a new spa/pool heater and did a great job. They went beyond the call of duty, and I highly recommend them.
1	Dave, one of the technicians at Desert Pool is very unprofessional and rude. He was very condescending to both my wife and in addition to quoting us a price and then once he started the work he tried to increase the price on us!  I would suggest calling anyone but them.
