1	My home warranty company assigned them to look into my A/C issues. My experience began with them calling me on Thursday night saying that they would be out on Friday. Someone would call me between 6:30 - 7:30 AM to schedule a block of time for the visit. 8:00 AM Friday morning and I haven't heard from anyone. I called them and they seemed annoyed that I was bothering them with such pesky things as scheduling an A/C repair. Just because it's 115 degrees outside, I have an 18 month old daughter, a pregnant wife and my A/C isn't working doesn't mean I have an emergency. They gave me a window from 10 AM - 2 PM. @:20 PM I call the office. Again they seemed bothered by my call. The lady puts me on hold while she calls the repairman.When she comes back on the line she wants me to feel assured that he is still going to make it to my house today. He was in Sun City......I live in Scottsdale. Why did I wait around for 4 hours for them to tell me not to worry he will only be another 2 hours or so?I can't give you a review on their service because I called another A/C repair company.
3	i'm going halfway here. like the reviewer before me, our home warranty assigned them to us (we had another company come out 2x's, then lee collins 3 times....all this during the 115degree heat wave a few weeks back....no a/c!). first time they came out, said there was nothing wrong and filled freon and left. in 10 minutes, only hot air again. we called back, said they would come back in the morning. they did, nothing fixed. i called back. said they'd be there the next day b/t 4-6pm. never showed up. i bitched and moaned and so they came again the next morning, 8am. FINALLY found the problem....broken fan motor. fixed it, it's cool again. i know nothing about a/c repair. seems like a broken motor would be easy to spot, but like i said....now they have to come back to turn some switch back so we get heat in the winter. i've called to get that done...we'll see.....5 stars for ken, the president, who came out himself to fix it. 2 stars for the initial hassle of not getting it repaired and one of the service reps for not even showing up.
1	My warranty company sent them to my home to replace a valve on my evaporative cooler. A guy shows up and starts working on my AC unit. Claimed there was a clog in the valve. Funny, 'cause the AC was working just fine. I directed him to the evaporative unit and he then said he would be back the next day with the part. I called the next day to find out about what time he would come and I was told they didn't know he was coming back. He did show up, tinkered on the roof a bit, came down and shoved his paper work at me, and I signed. I tried out the unit later in the evening, let it run about 40 min., turned it off and found the problem had not been solved (water continues to run after unit is turned off. Simple valve replacement.) Not only was the evap not fixed, but when I got up the next morning water was running out of the vent in my kitchen! I called and got a very rude Ken on the line who said gruffly, he would have to take care of it himself. It never happened. Ken did show up after I put a stop payment on the check I gave them. He did stop the water from running out of the kitchen vent, but never did fix the evaporative cooler. I had the same conversation with Ken 4 times. I couldn't figure out if it was Ground Hog day or just like two parrots having a conversation. It has been 28 days and I have gotten nowhere with these people. They never initiated a phone call to me, except to find out why the check was returned. Like the previous reviewer, I was surprised at how annoyed they seemed each time I called. Well, Now I am annoyed and I am DONE!!!
1	Hello, I have a rental home and my home warranty used Lee Collins. They came out to fix it a few times over the summer and then finally said it was not worth fixing and they Home warranty gave me a $500.00 credit towards a new one. I had Lee install a new Trane 3 ton for around $3,500. It never worked correctly and my renter always complained about her high bill and no cold AC. Finally a new tech from another AZ company realized it was installed wrong. The air duct returns. So thats why the bill has been high and no cold AC with brand new unit. I'm not sure they know what they are doing. Sorry Lee but all true.
4	Lee Collins has been taken care of my personal and rental proporties here in the valley for about 15 years and they have never failed me. I am happy with their service.
5	My home warranty company had assigned another worthless company (Papworth) to come out and fix my AC when it went kaput. 4 hours and no phone call from Papworth I call them . they tell its going to be 5 days before they can come out...in July...in Phoenix. I called the home warranty company back and they assign Lee Collins. Since I had to fuck around with the Papworth all day Lee Collins could not get out the same day but they came out the next morning. Ken from Lee Collins showed up and pulled the motor only to find out it was a 4 bracket motor and not the typical kind with 3 brackets. He called the supply house and the 4 bracket motors were all on back order. Now here is where things get interesting. Ken told me he had a shop at his house and could fabricate a custom made bracket and fit it to a new motor and bring it back the next day. We had managed to borrow a portable AC unit in the meantime so another day without our main AC wasn't going to kill us. When he showed up the next day he had actually found a four bracket part that fit at his shop and had it installed and cooling the house in no time. Ken was going to spend his evening in his shop welding a new bracket if he couldn't find one....this was really going above and beyond.
1	This company put the wrong size fan motor in our air conditioner because he didn't want to drive across town to get the correct one. Lazy, crooked and awful. I would never do business with these people again!
5	I have used Lee Collins for AC issues for the past three years. They are always thorough, prompt & very reasonably priced. They just left my house after I called them early on a Saturday morning, here within just a couple of hours & issue repaired immediately! They will always have my business!
4	I was assigned Lee Collins A/C by Fidelity National Home Warranty. Ken, our technician showed up on time. He had the problem diagnosed in 20 minutes and fixed in another 10 minutes. He took the time to explain what happened and offer a little education. I would definitely use Lee Collins again. Ask for Ken.
