5	Should have done this sooner but Just wanted to say that this Dricing school is great.  For my son's 15th birthday I told everyone to get him gift certs to this Driving school....yes they have gift certs!!!  We got enough to get him 6hrs of instruction and the 30 hour Class required by DMV.  I was very impressed by what he learned!  He got 100% on the driving part of his test and the person who gave him his test asked who taught him to drive beacause he did so well.I would totally recommend this school to anyone who has a teen ready to learn how to drive!!!
5	Loved them!  We hired them for our 16 year old daughter to make sure she was ready for the driving test.  Her instructor Tammy was awesome!  My daughter scored a 100% on her driving test, we couldn't believe it!  We will certainly be using them again for our next daughter in a year.  Highly recommend them!!!
5	We gave our twins Safeway as a birthday gift.  Our instructor was Karen and she was great.  She had both girls driving all over Vegas and Henderson, including the freeways in just a few lessons.  She was always prompt and gave us appropriate feedback after each lesson.  I highly recommend Safeway.
5	Just an update twins took driving test today and both passed with high scores thanks to Karen and Safeway.
5	It took me forever to finally decide and take driving lessons. Sure was worth the wait though! I had my six hour lesson with Terry and he was the most patient, sweetest and informative instructor! He made me feel comfortable driving behind the wheel right away and he provides so much confidence in you that a beginning driver like myself makes me feel that I've been doing this for a long time. He gives you so many pointers and tips that will instill on you every time you're behind the wheel. I highly recommend Terry if you're looking for a great  and informative instructor to teach your teens or adults that are just beginners with driving. Very thankful and glad that he was my instructor! :)
5	After a long search in town I find it. The best school in town. I bought new car to my brother. After Few Lessons Once A Week He Finally got his license. The teacher was great and my brother was really happy. All our questions was answer really professional   Great school. Great teacher. Great car selection. Thank you so much. Will definitely recommend safe way school to all.
1	I am sorely disappointed with this driving school. After reading the reviews that were all so positive,  I signed up my 16 year old daughter for three lessons. The first lesson I felt was somewhat productive as the instructor taught her how to parallel park, but the second and third lessons were a waste of money. All they did was drive around from what she explained to me and the instructor only took her on the freeway one time. When I would ask how she did, the reply from the instructor was "She's a natural". I wish I could say I agree. I expected this school to teach her defensive driving, how to pull into a parking space, etc. On top of it, he had the radio playing while they were driving which I don't agree with when you have a young, inexperienced driver behind the wheel. She even told me after the third lesson that I wasted my money and that everything the instructor told her, she already knew or I could have told her! The only upside to this review is hopefully it will save me money on the car insurance. I would not recommend this school.
