5	Healthy Fast Food- the best tortilla soup ever- just be careful because it's piping hot. The marinated chicken is seasoned perfectly, tender and not dry. The chicken burrito is really good, too. But my favorite besides the tortilla soup, is the bowl- I like the basic one because the deluxe one is too much. Also worth mentioning is the avocado sauce. Free drink refills. Bathrooms, but sometimes some people (not patrons) use the facilities, so I'd be careful or bring some clorox wipes. Drive-thru window if you prefer to avoid the super busy lobby.  Good Prices. Great food- never had a bad meal here. Busy location, especially around lunch time.
4	Was out last night at a mixer at PT's pub... I pretty much go every friday night. It was late and after a couple of cocktails and no food ... it was time for food .. .seriously! El Pollo Loco is in the same parking lot so me and my friend Hoss headed over and got some chicken. I have typically had hit and miss meals with el pollo loco , sometimes I will get chicken and it will be raw in the middle ... that or just over cooked. Last night it was perfect. I love how they marinate this chicken it just tastes so stinkin good.  So I pretty much devoured it like a wild animal (not eating since 9 am will do that to a girl and it was 1030pm) I have to say I am not crazy about their mac n cheese... and their potatoes are a little funky ... but the chicken was a double plus good. I might have to remember to do this again next week.
4	Oh..the chicken and pinto beans of El Pollo Loco! Now, my foodie friends may make fun of me...but I am a regular. To me it is just a bit like sitting in my grandma's dining room on a Sunday when there was always a pot of beans and a roasted chicken. My midwestern self needs some of the simple things of home to keep me in balance with my "wild Vegas" life style---yeah...those who know me can atest to how not wild my lifestyle is ever!My only experience with El Pollo has been here in Vegas...and all I want to say is...Oh El Pollo...how have you not been a part of my life for ever!
3	I went to this Pollo Loco last night and Ordered a Steak Bowl and found out that was temporary. :( sad panda. I was so looking forward to it. last time I ordered it in December they had ran out of Steak, but had just enough for my companion to have it... so not only did I get to smell its deliciousness... I got to see it up close and not have it. then... realized my chicken bowl while still beign good came topped with onions.. sad pandawell this visit: I ordered a regular ORIGINAL BOWL with chicken. with no onions, pico - but with tomatoes and the register guy offered me cilantro alone, yes I will take that. What I GOT: an ULTIMATE chicken bowl w/ sour cream, guacamole, cheese, (that i didnt order) missing the tomatoe and cilantro that I did. ah well.. they gave me the more expensive dish and negated the stuff I wanted. ah well what are you going to do.. eat half since they have me an extra 500 calories on my bowl from the sour cream, cheese, and guac. . and took off the lite calories like tomato and cilantro. . sad pandaI still ike pollo loco but i dotn know how to be more specific when ordering but to speak slower? write it down? point to pictures? maybe theres a # system I can use?
3	I risk my life at least three times a week to eat lunch here. No joke. The Grilled Chicken Salad is my favorite fast food salad out there and is reasonably priced at $4.99. Almost guiltless diet wise, too. Sounds great, huh? Read on. This spot is in walking distance from where I was born and raised. Now the area resembles a needle exchange program in East LA or on location of the latest Pirates of the Caribbean movie. I say this because on average there are a minimum of five homeless people there panhandling, drinking or napping on the property. They do not always keep to themselves either. On two separate occasions I have been approached and felt uneasy. No I don't want a side of homeless breath and germs with my freakin salad!!!! Now, I will bust a Kill Bill on yo' ass if it's written in my contract and Tarantino can afford me, but for now TWO STAR deduction because I should not have anxiety at noon on a weekday just trying to grab lunch.
2	Six months ago i would have given this place 5 stars. I don't know if they changed managers or what. I used to eat here at least once a week and get the chicken meal combo, breast and wing with 2 side salads to keep it healthy. I haven't been in at least 6 weeks, so i was looking forward to it today. However, i forgot to double check the order and when i got back to my office I found they gave me a leg and thigh. I only eat breast meat. Not only was it super greasy, but there was hardly any meet on either piece. The tortillas were so hard and chewy. I suspect they were microwaved too long. Today's order was really disappointing.This is the 3 rd time in the last few months they got my order wrong, which is why i stopped going so often. Be sure to check your order before pulling away.
4	Oh oh El Pollo Loco! For the longest time I have ignored El Pollo and I am sad that I have. This El Pollo is not in the best part of town and I am sure this review food-wise can go for all El Pollo Locos in general.I did the drive-thru here and there was a bit of a wait, even though I seemed to be the only car there. It was probably about 10:30 PM on a Thursday night. However, the lady working the drive-thru was nice. Here's what I ordered and the main reason I'm writing this review. Chicken tacos and tamales! They were delicious. What I loved was the simple, yet flavorful taste of the meats and the tortillas. The tamale seriously was amazing. I almost thought I was eating a tamale not from a fast food establishment. As a side note, I believe they only do the tamales around Christmas time.I have had their chicken on occasion as well and I declare it to be much better than KFC. If I'm going to get a "fast food" chicken I will definitely pick El Pollo Loco over the Colonel.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE'!!!!!!!!!!! We always get the best service and most delicious food, my fav thing is their chicken taco salad with the cilantro lime dressing!!!!!! Highly recommend this location!
4	This seemed like the place to be when we came here for lunch. The line was so long to put in your order and we waited about 15mins to get our order. The only reason I came here was for their chicken and sweet corn cake...mMm. Too bad the closest one to me back home is Oakland =(
5	This is a great place recently remodeled and great service for get the fast food i think best fast fast food. always they give you all the necessary items without asking. Manager lady is super nice and, she knows how to keep the place busy and clean..
4	I gotta give them props and bump them up a star. El Pollo Loco is still my healthy lunch of choice in this armpit of the city. It's kinda like a shaved armpit now instead of a musky, hippy armpit. At least in regards to EPL that is. They have booted the homeless crew who use to reside here AND remodeled the interior of the restaurant which created a brighter and more spacious environment for grubbin'.*Salsa bar is clean and full (until I get a hold of it)*Staff is on point even if they still say," Hi-Me your order is ready". I'm cool with that. Makes me feel all Bon Qui Qui inside. *Food here is consistantly delicious and fresh. *They have a loyalty card that seems to equal a free $5 salad for me once a month. Boo ya!!!!Yeah, they are on their game right now and I'm likin' it. Only thing I don't get is this. They started selling smoothies and slushy coffee drinks. Why don't they have a Horchata flavor ice-blended drink? Wouldn't that make more sense? I know this Ranchero would be all up on it on Cheat Day.
4	You know, in a town not really known for healthy choices, much less fast, healthy choices, this place really does fill the gap.They have bowls and salads with REAL avocado, not some green mush that they try to pass off. You get actual thick slices. That and they toast your tortilla, melt that gooey cheese, you get real red beans, not some processed fattening stuff that will clog your arteries and you get it all FAST.It's not the ideal choice or necessarily the healthiest, but it sure does beat TB or DT when you want fast, fresh Mexican!
2	The guy handing me my food had dirty finger nails! EFFING GROSS!I went through the drive thru and decided on a pollo bowl, I wanted to add cheese and he said it was one dollar more.... REALLY? What a rip off! I got to work and was taken aback! Literally, a bowl filled to the brim with rice and beans and 1/4 of a small breast! BOO!I tasted it and was turned off, the chicken was bland and dry and it just wasnt yummy! Had I got the cheese and added salt then yea, but seriously EPL?? I also got some red salsa and it wasnt good. Just a sad visit!What was the worst is that the guy at the window had long DIRTY fingernails! OH HELL NO!
2	My co-workers and I came here for lunch. We ordered the chicken nachos and found two long hairs in them. It was totally gross. Other than that the food is ok.
4	This location is convienent for me. People there are friendly. Place can get busy and wait is usually a little linger than I like but meals are prepared at time ordered so the freshness makes up for the little extra wait time.
4	Friendly, knowledgeable, fast service.  Delicious food.  Four stars instead of five because the tables and floor could have been cleaner.
1	I thought that I would try El Pollo Again. What a mistake. Only thing that could be drier than their chicken would be a dried up mud pie and that would probably taste better. Chicken was dry and the part that looked like chicken was very yellow. Tossed food in trash, and walked out only to never step foot in this or any other El Pollo Yucko again. Save your money and your health-go somewhere else.
2	Me and the other homies in the hood were quite delighted when we learned (a few years ago) that the old gas station  on this corner was being replaced with an El Pollo. Why? Because there aren't enough Mexican fast food places in this neck of the woods? Hardly.Because it's a healthier, tasty alternative to the usual fried stuff? Maybe, but you can trot into pretty much any grocery store and grab a rotisserie chicken, a tub of salsa and a pack of tortillas. You'll have a lot more of basically the same food for a lot less dinero.No, kids, we were delighted because of the flan. And anyone who knows flan knows that, for whatever mysterious, inexplicable reason, EPL has the best flan anywhere. Make that HAD.Drove on thru a couple of days ago, put in my order for whatever I had a coupon for, and added on a request for my favorite dessert, only to be told "I'm sorry. We don't have flan anymore".Wha wha WHAT?? "You mean, you ran out"? "No. We don't have it anymore".I am still in shock. What corporate dumbass made the decision to eliminate the best thing on the menu? What's next? Those greasy little deep fried tacos at Jack in the Box?  Only reason they got any stars was because the guy working the window agreed with me wholeheartedly. It was his only reason for going to work each day.  Don't worry, bro. They will probably lose enough customers now that you will have to find another job anyway.
2	Let me start by saying that the food is absolutely delicious and the price is great. My only issue with this location is that my orders are always wrong. My roommate and I go to this place about once or twice a week and we have yet to get our order 100% correct. We do not order anything complicated - all our food is straight from the menu as is. Sometimes, they will forget to add things such as the ranch dressing or sides of guacamole, and other times they forget parts of the orders. When I go back in, they fulfill the rest of the order with no hassle, but it's frustrating to always have to triple check the bags and then waste the time going back in to fix their mistakes. The receipts will have all parts of the order acknowledged, but the bags do not correspond. Safe to say that after yet ANOTHER incorrect order, I will be going to other locations.
2	I was here yesterday for dinner.  The food was good as always.  I mean you can never go wrong with el pollo loco, but this one the floor was really disgusting and sticky and the seats at the booth were sticky and torn.  The management really needs to work with their employees in the up keep of the restaurant.  I have been to el pollo locos in worst areas that kept their facility nice and cleaner than this location.  Overall, I rate this restaurant 2 stars.
