4	Great no maintenance skin is unfortunately just not it my genes. I have to work at keeping my complexion oh so lovely, and the dermatologists at this office have been helping me do just that for about five years. I love dermatologists. In fact I don't understand why most people don't go see them. I only go see my current doctor about every three months, but every time I do we talk about exactly how my skin is doing. Once we do that she might recommend skin tips for that season of the year or new products that have come out. Dermatologists also have a butt load of samples that they really do want to get rid of. Last time I was seeing my dermatologist Katie I had mentioned to her horror that I was going on a weekend camping trip. She of course was sickened by the fact that there are no showers in the woods, but she loaded me up travel size samples perfect for camping so fast! Whether we talk about healthy ways to be in the sun or how many times your should really exfoliate your skin I aways feel better asking a doctor my weird skin questions. Next time you have any kind of skin or complexion problem, invest your money in seeing a doctor! Your a lot more likely to solve the problem the right way and quicker.
1	I have been going to this dermatologist's office for years. However, as long as I've gone there, I haven't ever been completely happy with the experience. It just seemed easier not to deal with the hassle of dealing with switching, until today. I called and asked the woman at the front desk if there were any available appointments in the next couple days. She made the hugest sigh I have ever heard and said, "Well, uh, um, we don't even have any physicians in the office until I don't know when." She said this is a really rude manner like I was bothering her. Then I asked, "Well, I normally just see one of the physician's assitants, can I get in with them?"  She says , "(scoffs again) No. No one is in the office. What is it exactly that you need?"  I said, "I just need an appointment! I need a prescription refilled and somone to look at my skin!" She then RUDELY told me that nothing was available until the end of August. I just said thanks anyway and she hung up. She really made me feel like I was out of line for asking for an appointment at all!This is only one of my rude encounters with the ladys at the front desk at this place. One time I got yelled at for quietly talking on my phone in the waiting room. Also, I got two moles removed here by physician's assitants, only to later find out later by the doctor that it should never have been allowed. PS~ The moles ended up taking WAY longer than normal to heal, and have awful scars that are way worse than the moles were themselves. DON'T GO HERE!
2	I went and saw the PA Courtney at this office and was pleased with my experience,  There was literally no one in the office when I walked in this morning, which works for me because I cannot stand waiting at the DR office.  The office staff were friendly and Courtney was knowledgable and took the time to listen to my concerns.  She also gave me loads of samples and coupon as some of my topical medications can get pricey.That said, then I had my husband come here for a mole check and I wish I hadn't! He has two super large scars from where she removed the moles--it looks hacked :(  I feel terrible and to top it off, we got several bills totalling over $200...I understand insurance doesn't cover everything, but we should have been given an  FYI and the chance to get a second opinion...everyhting ended up being totally fine, so was there really concern?????  I am not returning.
5	The PA Courtney was nice, friendly and knowledgeable. I was pleased with my experience.
1	I saw Courtney this afternoon for botox.  I've been getting botox on a regular basis for about 10 years & have never had an experience like this.  The ENTIRE appointment lasted about 6 minutes!  With the proper consultation, botox appointments typically last about 30 minutes.  1.) She did not discuss ANYTHING with me (other than to not exercise for 4 hours after the treatment)2.) She did not have me make facial expressions to determine where to put the product (EVERY Dr./nurse makes you do this, EVERY time)3.) She did not ask me one single question about what my concerns wereShe basically came in, plunged the botox into my face, and said "ok, you're all set".  I was shocked and literally speechless & will never step foot into this establishment again.
1	I agree with the other reviewers. I came in for a mole check and they ended up removing 3 moles  They didn't inform me how much it would be to remove them. I told her my insurance isn't great and I was worried about the cost. I ended up paying almost $1,000 for everything which is ridiculous and now have three ugly scars. I've been going to  dermatologists for years and this is the first dr who removed this many moles. It's definitely about getting your $ at this place.
5	Dr. Adriana Holy is the best Dermatologist I have ever been to. I was diagnosed with Melanoma at age 28 and 31, frightening! Dr. Holy is thorough, professional, kind and caring. Many of the dermatologist I have gone to (before meeting Dr. Holy) were more concerned with selling you Botox or the latest facial rejuvenation fad. Dr. Holy cares about Skin Cancer and the only way to be sure is to biopsy a questionable mole.  So ugly scar for a mole that was questionable - too bad - I've had real scars from my melanoma surgeries, but I am alive today at 50. Please take off and biopsy any mole in question - You will be alive! If you want a Med Spa then go there.
