1	Uh no!  high falutin version of Starbucks and what not.  The desserts do look ridiculous, huge slices of cheesecake and tiramisu.  The service sucks though, specifically the cashier.  Why do you have 2 clueless guys working one register.  It was like their first day with a line out the door.  I needed change for the valet so I had to wait and watch these bumbling idiots.  High prices here for a latte or cup of joe, they also have smoothies on the menu.  Note to self, have change on me from now on!
3	The Cup is the coffee pit stop option for those who are sick of looking at all the things they can't afford at CityCenter's Crystals mall.  Crystals has a few high-end restaurants but no traditional food court.  The Cup is really the only place you can grab a quick snack.The black, white and orange color scheme with modern, angular interior design makes it feel like an Apple store mated with a Starbucks.  Once you get beyond that, you realize it's just another coffee shop.  It's very clean and when I was there, not too busy.  The counter guy named Brock made my chai latte and asked for feedback on the quality of his work.  Could have used a tad more chai but it was still pretty good.They also have an assortment of designer chocolate treats and your typical croissant/muffin fare.  I got a double chocolate oreo, which is really just an oreo cookie encased in milk chocolate.  At $3.50 it's clearly a waste of money but maybe some of the other items are a little more fulfilling.
1	THEC.omplete &U.tterP.oopTerrible coffee, overpriced, cheap styling, piss-poor in general.  The smoothies are normal and the pastries are OK because they bring them in from outside.  Don't be had by the exterior or the cool logo, you'll pay just as much as you would at any Vegas cafe, but you'll get very bad coffee from people who don't care about their jobs (or the customer).
4	I had the mango cream smoothie and omg sweet bliss! It was a hard decision between the blueberry cream and mango cream. So if you're not alone get 1 of each and share! Only complaint is that it's pricey! $5 for small but you'll forget about the price, until you've drank it all!
4	After a bit of window shopping at this ultra high end shopping district and before going to Aria I headed over to The Cup for a Caramel Macchiato and a tiramisu. Both were fabulous! It was a bit busy, so the line was a bit long, and it took me a minute to find a table, but the staff was super friendly and accomodating. I enjoyed the modern decor of this coffee shop and the attention they paid to detail in the presentation of my order. I just wish they were open late.
4	Their smoothies alone are worth going here.  They askew the smoothie standard of the super thick shake smoothie.  I have tried their mango and pomegranate smoothies which are one of the best things you can suck through a straw.  Not overly sweet, I can really taste the frutiness, and not like the cheap artificial kind.  The consistency is more like a slushie or granita, which doesn't require porn sucking powers.
4	Cute little place in the Aria. I got the blended mocha and it was sooo goood! but thats all i got. If im feeling thirsty again and im at the Aria CityCenter. I will be coming back. The price is normal $5 and something cents not so bad.
3	I had an overpriced smoothie here - the space was modern and clean and they used real fruits, not frozen. It hit the spot.
3	The Cup is on the very fringe of City Center, right by the parking lot and elevators to the tram.  Everything inside looks very modern, one piece orange chairs and low slung tables.  It is hard to eat at those, we opted to eat "outside" in the middle of the mall with proper height chairs and table.My friend and I stumbled upon this place to grab a late lunch.  I ordered the Baja Chicken Soup and Pesto Chicken Panini.  Both were great.  The soup had large chunks of chicken and the pesto chicken panini was crisp.  If there's a person handing out free samples, go to them because you might get a 10% off coupon from them.
4	**** Review solely based on one flavor of GELATO.*****I'm excited because I've discovered yummy gelato that tastes like light and fluffy cheesecake.  I usually don't crave regular cheesecake because I've been spoiled by Raku's oh-so-light-and-delicate Fluffy cheesecake, but the cup has brought the cheesecake love back.  Their cherry yogurt gelato tastes like lightly whipped cheesecake.  It also helps that it's a pretty cool and chill place to hang out and people watch.Conclusion:  Cherry Yogurt Gelato.  Definitely worth it!
2	This review should be more like 2.5 stars. It's an average score according to Yelp. An average score for an average cup of coffee made by someone with average service skills and sold at an average price.I thought I'd like it here. It seemed like sandwiches and drinks were priced pretty well despite this location being in the Crystals Mall which has nothing but the highest of high end shopping. As we put our order in, I noticed about seven or eight kids sitting around a few tables eating pizza. During our visit about three of them went behind the counter of The Cup so it was obvious they were employees. I don't know if they were off the clock or not but it took a while for our drinks to come out. If they weren't on the clock then cool. If they were on however, totally not cool. They could have helped. Also, when our drinks were finally done, the kid making them walked from behind the counter to join the rest of them at the table where the pizza was. How odd.
1	Decent food.  Comparable to Panera Bread.  Terrible service. Extremely expensive ($40 for three sandwiches and three drinks).  Unkind staff.  Impolite.
4	THE CUPLocated at the City Center shopping center in the middle of the Las Vegas strip, The Cup offers coffee and smoothies to quench those who are caught in the desert heat or those who just want something delicious to drink while perusing the shops. We had the lemonade smoothie, which wasn't too sweet, and full of lemony taste. As we were thirsty at the time, it was much needed. In addition, we got a 10% coupon towards our next purchase. A refreshing taste of Las Vegas that warrants a return visit during our next trip ^)^
2	I was strolling around the mall and was craving a smoothie. I believe they were still new but the decor seemed inviting. I decided to try the mango smoothie and boy was that gross. It taste more like medicine than fruits. I don't think I would want to go back and try anything else.
3	Veggie Sandwich (Something like that) The cooked mushroom portabella, red and green peppers, with onion and cheese was well worth it. The bread was super soft and the sandwich was perfectly sized. This place is located on the first floor of the city center alllll the way at the end of the mall away from the main entrance.
3	We were wandering around the Aria when a young lady offered us a free sample of their banana caramel smoothie.  It was amazing.  I went straight to The Cup and ordered one right away.  And I got a 10% off coupon,..pretty sweet deal.
4	Quick Wi-Fi, decent coffee and enough tables and plugs... Misti Y you restored my faith in finding decent place to work near the Monte Carlo with this suggestion! It is a little deceiving -- you might think this is just a coffee shop, but they also make paninis to order, they have homemade soups, a wide variety of snacks (think convenience store style) and alcoholic beverages which seemed to please the half dozen bros who entertained me as I ease dropped on their hazy last-night stories. Sure, it's a bit trendy/mod but one slurp of the roasted red pepper soup and there was no room in my mouth for a complaint! With the Wi-Fi zipping along, and for the most part, a quiet, and uninterrupted couple of hours on my hands, I plugged in and surged away on work. Next time wishes: more baked goods and those GiGi cupcakes they were thinking of selling. Yum!
4	Gelato, mmmmmmmmmmmmm! Cappuccino flavor!
3	The mocha that I got was ok, but the tiramisu can definitely be skipped. We went into this cafe because there were staff members giving out pizza samples and 10% off coupons. It was a quiet place to sit and rest from all the Vegas walking. My friend got gelato but it didn't seem all that spectacular. In sum, I think the place summers a bit of an identity crisis. It offers quite a few things (pizza, sandwich, coffee, gelato...etc.), but doesn't  do anything well.
3	The ambiance is euro mod with a fine array of pastry and beverage choices.  The lower level corner location is hidden, so it's a good spot for privacy, but not an exciting spot for people watching.  The espresso beverages are OK.
3	This place is just A-OK.  Coffee is decent.  I had the Pumpkin Spice Latte with skim milk. Pretty good actually.Their pastry selection and quality seems to be lacking a bit.  Just the usual... croissants, danishes, muffins.  However, they do have a decent selection of cake slices.  All of them seem very heavy and sweet tho; like you can only take one or two bites.  They also have gelatto.  I'll check if anyone posted a pic of the gelatto, pastries, or cake.  If not, I'll add a couple.The one thing that saves them is their free Internet access for customers and plugs on the wall for your laptops.  In a place like Vegas, you're lucky to get Internet access for less than $25.
3	This place was pretty good. It's right in the mall but in the corner, so not much traffic goes by. We went there because they had given out a sample if their smoothie and it was really good. I had a blueberry strawberry smoothie which was yummy ($6 or $7) and the person I was with had the peppermint mocha ($6)  and a pizza with lettuce, turkey bacon and avocado ($6). The pizza was made on a flat bread and decent for the price and the mocha was really pepperminty which I loved. The pizza and sandwiches take about 7-10 minutes to cook so its good for a snack. Casual atmosphere. Food has good value, the drinks were on the pricier side but good.
5	First off, I am notorious for stopping for samples and that is how I discovered this place! Regardless if giving out samples at the City Center is fancy or not, I'm easy, so it worked on me.DRINK: I'm usually not very picky with drinks but chai just isn't my thing. So, the cold BLENDED STRAWBERRY CHAI really got me back to trying other chai drinks. The strawberry is refreshing/fruity, the vanilla made it a creamy blend, and the chai give it an interesting hint of spice. It hit-the-spot after a day shopping.I'll be returning next week for another or hopefully trying another new chai blend I'll like. A MUST try if you're in that Vegas area!
2	Probably the only place to grab a quick bite at Crystals.  Standard fare with an assortment of sandwiches (including a selection of grilled paninis), salads, bagels/pastries and gelato.  They also offer small bags of chips and some non-gelato desserts (cakes mostly).  Experience 1 (7/21/2012) - We had a boxed veggie sandwich since the kitchen (aka panini press) closed at 8:30 pm.  It was OK; adding mustard helped.  The girls behind the counter were really friendly and nice. Experience 2 (7/23/2012) - The veggie panini was frozen in the middle. It would have been decent if it were properly grilled though, as it included an array of my fave veggies - mushrooms, avocado, tomatoes, onions.  The guys behind the counter were not very nice; cook laughed at Mr. T and I as he called out our vegetarian order and handed it to us.  I did not realize that not eating an animal carcass was funny.  Live and learn...Least expensive eatery at Crystals but still dramatically overpriced. I did like the neon orange chairs though.
2	This place was truly disappointing when I was on my search for smoothies and fattening sweets during my stay in Vegas. It wasn't until I came here that i realized that pistachio gelato can indeed taste really gross.You would think that, in a high end shopping center, there would also be high quality treats. However, this place seemed to be an attempt to sell overpriced desserts with only average quality ingredients. The smoothies were okay. The lattes were okay. If it weren't so overpriced I would give it three stars since this is the only place I would go to grab a snack within the shopping center.
1	LOL, it's called The Cup and they have the WORST CUPS EVER!!! I live at Veer Towers which is right around the corner, so I gave the place three chances. All three times, I laughed and said to myself, "Never again." The cups leak from right under the top. Also, the coffee is subpar and super expensive. $4 for a 16ounce. For realsies this time, NEVER AGAIN!
1	DO NOT GET BREAKFAST AT THE CUP!I can't speak to their coffee, gelato, or anything else, but my wife and I had breakfast there and it was way overpriced for what it was.We ordered waffles with eggs and bacon, two bagels with cream cheese, and a peach smoothie - totaling around $22.  The waffles were 100% frozen toaster waffles.  And not even Eggo waffles - they tasted like generic frozen waffles.  The scrambled eggs were okay I guess, and the bacon was halfway decent.  The bagels tasted cheap and stale, and they didn't even put the cream cheese on the bagels.  The peach smoothie was decent, although it didn't taste like it had actual peaches in it but rather it tasted like frozen concentrate.We will never be going to The Cup again.
