1	Let's face it- it's a Wendy's.  You know what the menu is, and what to expect.  Really, all you can review is the service, which is pretty bad here.  My order has been consistently wrong here.  When I get a salad, or a sandwich with lettuce, the lettuce is not fresh.  The service is rather poor.  Specifically, it takes noticeably longer to get food at this location, and often, the staff aren't making sure they are making food to order.  Additionally (and this may seem like a strange note) the line rails leading up to order in the restaurant are not set like every other Wendy's.  It doesn't use the space well, and it's not clear where to stand. My office very close to this location, yet I go out of my way to the Wendy's at 2801 Boyer Street instead.  They have much better service.
1	This is the worst Wendy's I've been too !!!The food comes out nasty looking, smashed, looks like it's been sitting for a while.....fries are either cold or way over salted!!!cashiers are to busy flirting with the boys that come in.Seems management doesn't care either.....Restrooms are always dirty at every visit I've been there.Last time I went.......about Sept of 2010, never going back.
1	Ok, normally I would not review a fast food restaurant. Because lets face it most of us have the same experience every time we go to a fast food place. I feel obligated here though because it was one of the worst experiences I have had at any establishment. I pull into the parking lot and the line was quite long, so I decide to park and order inside and get it to go. I give the homeless guy outside a dollar and make my way inside, this is normal on this side of town. When I enter I see there is a long line inside as well. Note to anyone, do not let hungry control you it was my mistake on this day. There was ONE person working the front of Wendys, not only was she taking peoples orders. She was also bagging the food, frying the fries and she was most likely making the burgers as well. I stood inline for probably 15 minutes, to get Wendys. When I should have left and just went to Cook Out down the street or even Pinky's. At least at Pinky's you have food in front of you in under 15 minutes. I took my burger home, I was polite to the girl working because I truly felt bad for her. I get home and open my food. I wish I was surprised but it was ice cold. The bun was firm like it was quite old. The cheese was hardly melted. So not only did I wait 15 minutes but I also got horrible fast food. Oxymoron I know but COME ON!
