3	Since Yelp was begging me to write a review and seeing that there aren't any reviews to begin with....If you want to go to college in Las Vegas, I believe that CSN is really the only choice. Nevada State is decent but it's basically screwed because of it's under-attendance which therefore led to that school receiving the biggest budget cuts of all of them. UNLV is a giant joke of a school which I would not recommend to anyone (unless you want to go there just for the neighborhood, and in that case you should probably just get your own place in the area because I've heard horror stories about the dorms there). Everything else is essentially a trade school, profession specific college (such as an art or medical school) or one of those degree mills like Kaplan or University of Phoenix. Word to the wise: If you want to take a class on Sociology, come to the West Charleston Campus and pick Professor Shaulis. This man is a truly amazing teacher and is actually somewhat of a personal hero of mine. He always goes above and beyond with his lectures by using local examples (such as the never-ending neglect of the old west side next to downtown and the terrible condition Nevada's public education system is in). Sitting in his classroom will be one of the most eye-opening experiences you will ever have. Academically speaking, the teachers tend to be very hit and miss. Some of the teachers are actually quite amazing, so much so you'll wonder why they're not teaching at a university (then again, if you compare CSN with UNLV, THEN you'll probably understand). Others can be total assholes about their subject and treat the students who don't understand it and/or aren't as interested in it as they are like they're idiots. Then you have some crazies here and there who could be making stuff up in their lectures. I've had my fair share of all 3. Administration/Admission: It's all quite frantic to say the least. There have been quite a few times where I've tried to pick classes that are listed as still having available seats when in actuality they're full. Dealing with the financial aid department can get pretty frustrating as well, as a matter of fact, this semester they decided that the FAFSA wasn't good enough for students to get financial aid so they decided to create these applications called the Silver Group and Mojave Group which was completely unnecessary because it's essentially the same as a FAFSA form and the FAFSA was still required in the first place. The financial aid process is already complicated enough without having to fill out a FAFSA copycat form. Campus life/scene: It's community college so there's really not much to expect out of campus life. Everyone either already has their friends from high school or is much older and comes, does what they need to do and leave. I have met quite a few cool people, but it's not very easy to make friends seeing how people already have their lives. Facilities: Decent enough. The only building that's really cutting edge is the I Building (which is where the library is) but all of the buildings are fine really. The main computer lab is a bit of a mess though, seeing that a lot of the time the printers aren't even working. Miscellaneous: Not exactly my problem since I don't have a car, but the parking sucks at W. Charleston. Big time. It's better to find a parking space in one of the surrounding shopping centers (and make sure that parking space doesn't have a time limit). Pretty much every building has a convenience store which serves up coffee and smoothies. There's a Mexican place in the B Building called Ultimate Baja. It used to be called Maria's and I loved it, but this new incarnation has to grow on me. In the K building, there's this grill place which serves up Pizza, Burgers & Fries and hot dogs. Bookstore is overpriced, like all college bookstores. The West Charleston library is also next door, convenient! Looking for something to do in the neighborhood after class? There's a hookah lounge called Azuza across the street and sometimes there's artistic stuff such as poetry slams in the B building. Also, for some reason, the buildings are kind of spread far apart from each other, so be prepared to do some walking. It's a decent enough school to go to just so you can get your basics out of the way until you can transfer to some place better. (Me? I would like to go out of state. If you want to transfer in state though, go to UNR, it's infinitely better than Un-Love. Besides, I heard the parties at UNR are better anyway.)
4	It is a cheap way to get your core done to transfer. Professors are people who often love their subject. There are other professors who are eeking out an existnce in quiet desperation.
4	Affordable, resourceful, & respected: These are the guildlines for making this college a successful one. (in most case "successful" in terms of accommodating the needs of working/young/adults/parents with the building blocks of an rewarding future) CSN provides programs and personal advice.CSN provides computers and free prints.CSN provides food in each building. (gotta say, I love the simple cheese burger and fries that they can serve in building K) But it is tuff on parking (I like to say I'm lucky when I do find a good spot) & this place is very useful for getting core classes done with, so that these units can be transferred to preferable universities or other state colleges. & in the end... "Hard work pays back, not matter what school takes you there." (success)
3	CSN is a community college where you can get several 2 yr degrees and various certifications. I moved to LV in Nov 09 and I started attending CSN Jan 2010. OUT OF STATE FEES: I enjoy it so far but the out-of-state fees are atrocious. OMG. I paid about $4000+ for 7 hrs this past Fall semester. If you take 6 hrs or under its not as bad but anything 7 and over is an automatic $3200+ fee. COUNSELING: The counseling staff is very helpful. However it takes some time to get an appointment so do so early. I called in December and my appt isnt till February well into the Spring semester. Kinda pointless to talk about my spring semester when its already under way. But when you get in to see them its great.TUTORING: Thankfully I've never used this service but I'm glad its there if i Need it. They offer you 4 free sessions with a tutor per class you take. They have all kinds of services you can take advantage of but I'd be here all day if I listed them all but I like it so far. LOCATIONS: WOW. There is a lot but they have 3 main campuses. (thats not really true b/c several classes arent even offered @ Henderson that are offered @ the other 2. So technically theres 3 but in reality theres 2 main campuses. I wish I knew that when I moved here and we would have moved closer to the Charleston one b/c thats the largest and newest campus. Instead we have a place in henderson b/c I thought they were all equal. If someone had wrote this in a review previously my life might have been 5% easier. lol... life without the spaghetti bowl.. ahhhhhh1)Charleston: largest and newest campus2) Cheyenne: oldest but quaint campus (You'll find me here most of the time)3) Henderson: I've only had the benefit of taking 1 class here and this campus is why I chose my apt. where it is. I know.. sucks.4)Green Valley Center (its nxt to GV High school on Warm Springs/Arroyo Grande. I've only taken one class here and it was a 4 wk class.. that was rough. BOOKS: but note: you do not have to buy your books @ their bookstore. You can rent them online @ Chegg.com and it saved me a lot of cash vs. always buying my books. Sometimes CSN has books for rent but not always. There are 12 satellite locations throughout the LV Valley. But if you go to one of these the schedules are a lil different. For example I was told all the classes @ GV were the 4 wk classes. That's cool if all your classes are lumped into 4 wk classes but if not its a beating. Overall I'd definitely recommend people going to CSN
2	just a quick update:not to go into too much detail but I've never had so much trouble with a school than I do with this one @ registration.. every. single. semester.  I'm an out-of-state student but I know I cant be the 1st... ever? Nobody can help me and I have to go from line to line to line.. waiting up to an hour in each.. just to be told they dont know and I should be in "abc" line instead. Very discouraging. And for some reason they dont believe I live in LV - even though I've attended SPRING  2010, Summer 2010,FALL 2010 and nowSPRING 2011.I wonder if they think I jet in everyday for classes? If you need to apply be prepared to show a statement from 4 different vendors (including your bank) one for every month for a year (you arent allowed to just submit the oldest statement). In addition, a copy of your Drivers License, DMV tags/registration, Voter's Registration and W-2. Honestly I can understand all that being necessary if I was a Show-room new student ...but I'm not. I feel kind of insulted that they ask this much of me and I'm lucky I'm that organized that I file all those bills/stmts away but when I went to turn them in they wouldnt accept them and said they wont accept oringals. or anything that isnt 8x11. I was also told they wont accept in-state fees till my app is processed. 8-10 weeks and I might get a refund if they approve me b/c its not guaranteed. I was also told by a different line that they would take in-state fees by putting a note in the system that my app was pending. (They definitely charged me out-of-state fees which was almost $4000 for 2 classes)Moral of the story: be prepared and take every document you have with you and a lot of quarters to make a lot of copies.
4	If you want to go to college for less, start here. They have a transfer program which is way more affordable than taking your prerequisites  classes at UNLV. Although parking can be a pain, it's free. There is a new library that has been crammed with as much computers as they could possibly fit. While there are places to eat on campus, there are many affordable choices close by, like Capriotti's which is just across the street!There are programs where they do not offer anywhere else in Nevada that are affordable. i.e. Creative writing and photographySupport CSN!
1	CSN can apologize until the day I graduate & it would not make up for the nightmare experience I have had with them since December 2010. I enrolled in classes for Summer 2011, only to have my Financial Aid Requirements say "Reviewed for Eligibility - No" for almost 2 months! I dropped classes for Summer 2011 & registered for Fall 2011. My billing for classes on my account says $3,247.50 for "Non-Resident Tuition"! Are you kidding me, I have lived in Las Vegas for 10 years. I finally got an email back from Elda Chavez telling me that I listed my residency date as March 5, 2011 on my application. Freaking idiots, residency is established 30 days prior to registration. I also had the flipping bill from Summer 2011 & they do not fraudulently bill me for Non-Resident Tuition. I will just end with this....I have a tour of another college set up for tomorrow! Good Luck to those students who decide to stay @ CSN for your college education. Keep in mind CSN, word of mouth is the best form of advertisement. I will let everyone know!
5	I've been going here the last 2, going on 3 years now. It's an education, just like any other, but sometimes people fail to realize that. Math is math, and classical physics will always be that. It doesn't matter where you go. The only difference is that you can get what you need done here for far cheaper than UNLV; or whatever other university you want to transfer to. The math professors are excellent btw.  I've had a semester with just about all of them.  If you're from Vegas then why not save your self a good deal of money in the long-run?
1	If you're transferring from another state to CSN and want to transfer your anatomy & physiology credits (from a community college) over, you'll have to fight for it. I want to transfer my AP I over so I can take Pathophysiology but they wouldn't accept it. The CC I took my AP classes were taught by MDs; at CSN are taught by textbook memorized folks. I'm applying to PA program and the schools that I'm applying to accept my AP credits and why wouldn't CSN accept it? I asked them what make them superior to other CCs and the counselor couldn't give me an answer. Also, I almost had to take general biology over in order to take microbiology (I showed the Dean proof I took biochem and genetic at UW and ace those classes; the Dean had nothing to say). If it weren't for my fiance moving here for PA school, no way in hell I'd move here.
4	I have attended CSN for quite a while and the experience has been mostly good. I've had a few sub-standard professors, but I've also had some excellent instructors. Most of my time at the college has been spent in the Fire Technology, History and Political Science departments. All three departments are well run and I feel like I've received a good education. CSN has traditional classroom instruction along with a wide variety of online classes. Most of my classes have been online and I have mostly good things to say about these classes. There have been a few instructors that were a little flaky, but that has been a rare occurrence. If you are working on your general ed. Classes you would be crazy to go to UNLV when CSN is available for roughly half the price. These classes will easily transfer to UNLV, UNR and most other colleges.
2	I work with youth and help them transition out of foster care. This means starting college for most, of course I encourage csn because its cheaper but not anymore. Over the years my youth have had problem after problem, unfortunately I had a few youth drop out because fin. aid &amp; residency issues. I have never been to a school where you wait for an hour in a fin. aid line. If you wan't to complain send an email to the NSHE board of regents, CSN is governed by the state. Check out the website &amp; start emailing. Please let your voice be heard, this school sucks. There are good teachers!
4	This campus has plenty of free parkng and a fantastic ,quaint library.
3	Tuition: 5/5 only good thing about this college is the tuition. Cheap affordable classes with great teachers. At UNLV you'll probably get some Student aid teacher that's finishing their graduate. Not a REAL professor with years under their belt. BUT CSN does. Oddly the community college has better professors than a university.Office 0/5 Administration: Counselors most of them suck no ones really there to help you. The only counselor that really does her Job is Cheryl ask for her she's the counselor with the first office to your left when your at the front desk of the counseling office in Building D. When you call CSN's main line the front desk operator never transfers you to the right office & don't get me started on registration. Lines there are impossible during registration time expect to wait over an hour in line.Student Life: 3/5 I give them an okay for this, student council at CSN is trying to get more students involved in CSN's on campus student life but most people see this college as a transfer school because its a community college to UNLV or NSC.
4	Is the biggest campus out of the 3.  Have only had a few classes on this campus but the teachers that I have had here have been great.
4	I attended the Charleston campus in the Spring of 2011:- 3 out of the 4 professors I had were excellent.  The 4th (for Art Appreciation class) was knowledgeable but his teaching style and monotone voice put students into a stupor.- Campus is clean and well-landscaped.  - Computer labs always seemed to have available computers.
5	The motorcycle beginner course costs $100. They supply the bikes, but you need to bring a DOT-certified helmet (~$80 at a motorcycle store), over-ankle boots, sunglasses, finger-cover gloves, and long pants/jacket. It's very fun and worth every penny!At the end of the class you get a voucher that you can bring to the DMV, where they will give you a Class-M endorsement on your driver's license. This allows you to drive a motorcycle in the United States. Another cool thing about this class is that in some cases, it counts as a defensive driving course. This means that even though it is a motorcycle course, it can get you a discount on your CAR insurance. Neato!
4	After going to BOTH UNLV and CSN (I transferred from CSN to UNLV), I really wished that CSN has more advanced classes.In comparison, UNLV teachers are lazy, irresponsible, and don't bother grading their own tests on time (they are multiple-choice SCANTRONS). And on top of that, most UNLV instructors will have the "C is a correct answer, but B is a BETTER ANSWER" logic that will automatically mark 20% of your answers wrong.At least CSN teachers are committed to their students and grade fairly (I had a English 407A instructor at UNLV who graded students on whether or not she liked them). Even if the dumbassed fresh-out-of-high-school kids don't care about learning, as long as you can show that you are trying, you might be getting a 3.0 GPA for the effort.  I like everything about CSN except for the Financial Aid Office, who are perpetually lazy and unprofessional (read other user reviews). Thats probably the only hurdle you need to get by to study here. Oh, and unlike UNLV, CSN has SECURITY that keeps the regular bums from staying around too long on campus. Stay away from the "rock circle", a lot of hipster kids and drama there.
4	Just taking some typical courses here to get an associates degree. The teachers have so far been really awesome (except for the psychology ones. Surprise) . Not to mention it's cheaper than UNLV and so I can avoid that place for that much longer, yippie skippy!However, if you're a veteran trying to go here, I feel sorry for you. The VA department is run by a bunch of lazy morons in the National Guard and they do everything in their power to royally piss you off. They won't pay the school on time, get you booted out of classes, and then expect YOU to do all the footwork to unfuck all their mess ups. Either that or they'll overpay the school and then the VA in Quantico will demand a refund plus some extra fees for wasting their time. So if you have to deal with the VA department here, you better be on their ass every week to make sure they're not fucking your shit up, CAUSE THEY WILL.
3	It's only ok, I say this because the counselors SUCK. They have no idea what they are doing, and each one will give you conflicting information, which in turns screws you and your degree plan up. I was given the wrong degree form. Twice. I was told I didn't need communications. Wrong. Everyone does. Every school has good and bad professors, and the same is true here. Here I have had really great professors who have taught at ivy league schools (why they are here now, I have no idea) and then there are the ones who make you want to stab yourself repeatedly in the eye. It's a small enough campus that you can get from one end to the other in less than ten minutes, which is usually the only time I have between classes, and big enough that you don't get swept away with a current of people.Have a problem with parking close? Shut up. There's a LOT of parking here. A FRICKEN LOT. Most people are too fat and lazy to walk the extra 100 feet, and prefer to drive around for ten minutes to find a close spot. Seriously, there have been people who come in late saying this, and guess what? They would have been on time if they had parked in the NEVER FULL lot on the otherside. UNLV is way worse! They have METERS there guys, so come on, CSN parking is not bad at all. So shut up.
3	This is a much cleaner and more organized campus. Its not well mainained or cleaned, but its far superior to the cheyenne campus, or any of the satellite campuses which are extremely dirty and in major disrepair.
2	I have been to this school a few times to take tests and they way they do things is very old fashion I must say for Vegas. Computers I thought were taking over the world? Well I hope so since that is where my career lies.So you do your paperwork at the front which is filled with young adults that don't really know what they are doing. They sit there and ask each other for help. I don't know what that is all about. Do they get paid or this is for credits? They make you fill out paperwork and then send you over to the cashier. The cashier knows what they are doing at least. Then the cashier gives you a piece of paper, saying you paid for your test and then you walk back over to the front desk to show them the piece of paper. Is anyone following how time consuming and old fashion this is? Ok so I move to a different address. I know I have to be there early so I can change my address before my test. I give proof of address with a bill in hand but they say I don't need that. So then I give my I.D. to them which also has my new address on it. He takes it and goes scans it, I guess to put it in my file. They make me filled out new paperwork. Then once that is all done I head to the testing room, and even tell the teacher I have a new address. She writes it down. On my test, it asks if I had any changes since my last test, and there's a option for new address. I check it. I even filled it out on the test. Now I am pretty confident my results will get to my new address.One month later, I still haven't gotten my results in the mail yet. I was patient enough and decided to call to see what was going on. The young male adult that answered the phone kept putting me on hold to look for my test and when I took it. So he finds my paperwork and starts reading off my old address. I started laughing in frustration. I explained what I went through, that morning to make sure everything was going to be sent to me. I wasn't mean or nasty with him.  laughed a lot thought because I couldn't believe this was happening. I asked if he could changed it over the phone and that was of course no. I must go back to the school and change my address and also get my test results there too. So my scanning of my I.D. was missing, and all the new sheets I filled out were just gone? He also tells me that he would of remember scanning my I.D. because he was there that day of the test. I hung up on him. I couldn't take it anymore. He made me look like I was lying. How frustrating is that. So I am still in the unknown about my results. I haven't been able to make it down to the school since I don't have a car. It's really not easy to get to in my situation. I am finding another school quickly. Will not give them anymore of my money!!  Thanks CSN for all the drama.
1	So after my last post about my test results.. I went back up there to change my address again, and get my results and another kid that doesn't know what they are doing is up front. I asked about changing my address and he points to the 6 computers lined up in the front. All in use by new students registering. So then I asked about finding out about my test results and he tells me that they don't take care of it anymore and I have to go to a website to find them. I take a deep breath and turn away for a second wondering why this was happening.. I ask him why when I talked to someone on the phone two weeks ago they told me the school was the only place to get them because they can't give information over the phone.. He says he doesn't know. Point blank. No asking for help. No making sure. No customer service what so ever. He could give a shit. I said a pretty big F bomb and walked out in such a fury. I couldn't believe this was happening.. AGAIN. No one at this school will help me!!!!! I sat outside in tears because I was so frustrated, angry, and confused... I called the number to the school while outside to speak to someone. I got a very nice lady by the name of Ariel on the phone. She helped.. Thank god, someone helped me. She told me she could look it up and she did. I didn't pass. Plain and simple, all I needed to know so I can take it again.. All this time, that's all the shit I needed to know.. Another weird part to this.. they only have my score from last year.. not this year when I took it in may? Where is my results going!? It's not in my paperwork.. and my old address was still on the top page.. I really was ready to take a marker and scratch it out. I hope she erases it.. please...I want to pass so I can never see this school again.. Only reason I have to take the test here is because I paid and they won't allow me to take it at any other unless I pay again.  I want to throw up every time I walk in now... to much problems..
3	Small class size and 4 out of 5 professors have been great. Like anywhere, some are going to be easier to deal with than others and CSN fits the mold.The counselor are horrendous! They honestly have no clue and aren't "advisors" in any sense of the word. Conflicting information from one to the next and they aren't any help when considering classes or trying to schedule them. Basically, you're on your own.John Cummings and Marc Kenwood are both fantastic if you have the opportunity to attend one of their classes.
3	Oh CSN, it truly has been a bumpy ride. After moving to Vegas from Ohio unexpectedly, I decided on attending UNLV. Although, with out-of-state tuition costs, I decided that maybe a cheaper option would be a better idea. I enrolled with the intention of waiting out the 2-year wait for instate tuition but I wanted to take a few basic courses first. After my two-year wait finally ended I realized I was over halfway to my Associates of business at CSN and decided to just keep attending CSN because of the cost difference. I did have quiet a few difficulties with the accounting dept while I attended. 1. When my instate residency finally came up, I had to wait an extra semester while they processed my paperwork. This caused me to pay out-of-state tuition for an extra semester. 2. I withdrew from a course prior to it starting due to a scheduling mishap and I wasn't refunded the money for a few months. These accounting mishaps messed up my monthly budgets at the time and caused me to have to drive to the Henderson campus more than once. So why am I giving it 3 stars? I have had decent teachers who appear to genuinely care if I graduate. Also, most of my courses were available online so I have only had to take one semester on campus. I also saved a TON of money by not going to a big-name college for the same education that I would have received at UNLV.
2	This place makes people very sad and frustrated. This is the job you get and you don't actually work to help anyone, As a student, you stumble around, blindly. It sucks. You really have to tap into your survival skills, here.
1	Let me just say, if you plan to attend here as an out of state student, WATCH OUT. Classes are obnoxiously expensive, and they start sending you payment reminders weeks before the due date. Coming from CA I was shocked because CA Community Colleges give you the entire semester to make payments - not CSN and especially not if you're not a NV resident. The operations here, counseling, financial aid and registration are horrendous. No one seems to have a clue in the world what is going on. I was standing in line for 25 minutes to make an apt with an academic adviser, and was told to come back in 3 hours. I proceeded to stand in line for another 10 or 15 minutes to try and take care of my math/english test out and was told their testing was down and I had to go to Cheyenne (I CALLED ABOUT THIS ONLY 2 HOURS BEFORE AND THEY SAID IT'S FINE COME DOWN). I then went to Cheyenne and stood in line again forever then did my testing. Went back to W. Charleston for my appointment and waited 45 MINUTES, then the stupid girl at the computer said oh I forgot you were here, and sent me back. SO ANNOYING!!!! I was attending both UNLV and CSN for a semester and it was a nightmare, this coming semester I'll pay the extra few thousand and solely attend UNLV, or maybe I should just go back to CA where people are normal. This school is a JOKE.
1	"Most" of the teachers are good, but the financial aid borders on sadism. Also, some students are "randomly" chosen to have to prove every aspect of their existence to registration in order to be considered a Nevada resident and be able to get in state rates and financial aid.Glad I'm transferring to UNLV.
4	So far the staff at this campus has been super helpful! Lee Prescott is a hoot to talk with, and man he is full of useful information.. Like the size of this campus, small and easy to get around, I will leave more reviews in time, but for now I'm diggin it..
1	Alot of their classes are not transferable. So if you're thinking about transfering to a university you should check with them and see before you waste time and money.  Not only that but their financial aid rules are ridiculous.  If you are getting financial aid youre better off going to the university of Phoenix or just go straight to unlv. Dont waste your time with this school for not much more money you can go somewhere alot better or save $ and go to some online school. And if you're out of state youll want to kick yourself for letting them know you are! Backwards ran school setup to make things difficult on the student. Its ran like the a dmv lol. Quality of classes are average, very average. And campuses have a loser like environment to them. Its costly to go here, all around do some research and inform yourself with all your options before you go here.
1	If you plan to go to CSN , be careful if you apply for the limited entry programs , the instructors are not professionals and not helpful , go research other schools , they may be expensive , but it is better to pay more, and have a good experience, than to not be treated with respect .
3	Well other than the place smelling like janitor cleaning compared to UNLV. (Not trying to be a douche ) I honestly think it is a better investment since education is overpriced. For anyone, it will save money as you can transfer to a 4 year university/ specialty school. Since i might consider community college later on after military it seems like a really good decision and for veterans too. So it's just only two years or 1 & 1/2 if you take extra classes & what not. Just go to school and go home if you don't enjoy csn you won't be there forever.
3	Trying to get my son registered is not a easy task. The process is slow and confusing.Hopefully this time we have it right.
