3	This is my first review that is under 4 stars.  But do not be alarmed, sole person who reads this.I'm firmly in the "if you don't have anything good to say, don't say it" camp when it comes to reviews.  And there's some good stuff to talk about with Yovi's, and realistically, this is a 3.5 star review...but Yelp refuses to acknowledge my need for fractions.Yovi's Chicago Style Hot Dog's....that's about as completely honest a restaurant name as you can get.  They do hot dogs.  Chicago style.  And some other stuff.  But you're not there for the tamale...unless you are.  But you're a weird guy to look for tamales at a hot dog shop that makes no mention of tamales in their name.  Freak.For those new to the game, Chicago style, or stizz-ile if you're Canadian and ten years in the past, is an all beef dog, mustard, diced onions, electric green relish, "sport peppers," tomato slices, celery salt, and a pickle spear, all squeezed into a poppy seed bun.  It's called "run through the garden" for a reason.Now, I'm a bit picky when it comes to hot dogs.  And this isn't a bad one.  But Pittsburgh is quickly becoming a Hot Dog Mecca, with places like Packs N' Dogs, Franktuary, Station Street Hot Dogs, and even the Rowdy Buck on Carson Street is getting into the mix.  So, a good dog doesn't quite live up to a 4 star rating.The all beef frank was solid, but nothing special, and all the toppings were fresh and tasty, but fairly pedestrian.  And for around $8 you get a 2 dog combo, with fries and a drink.  You'll be full, but you won't be chomping at the bit to come back.  I think the biggest problem, for me at least, was that the poppy seed bun was a let down.  Less of the Chicago original, and more of a Giant Eagle bun with some seeds on it.  I'm not hating on Yovi's.  It was a good deal, really good fries, and a good dog.  All the Chicago nostalgia on the walls was like stepping through the looking glass in comparison to the "all Pittsburgh all the time" that is the norm in the city.  But next time, I might try the tamale.
4	Love that Yovi's is back! And so close to work, downtown. Awesome, authentic, Chicago-style dogs (described appropriately throughout this profile), and fresh-cut fries...awesome. So glad he's back, and love to support this small, independently-owned business, rather than some chain. Cheers!
5	I used to go to Yovi's 15 years ago when they were on Liberty Ave. They have since closed and reopened on yet another approach road to Market Square.  They are nearby Radio Shack, below La Cucina Flegrea, near Nicholas Coffee.This is very much a no-frills cafeteria style sit-where-you-like type of place.  There's a small window with a letterboard above it where you order. The service was friendly, helpful, and patient given how busy they can get.The Chicago dogs were  great --- All beef dogs come on a poppy seed bun with chilis, rellish, pickle, tomato and onion. Great flavors and a unique combination of them.The french fries were also very good.  Hot, fresh, great texture, crunch, etc.Both word of mouth and reviews here confirm that the beef and sausage is out of this world as well.Definitely recommended.
5	Visited Yovi's again for lunch!The Combo Beef and Sausage sandwich is fantastic!  This is a spicy Italian hot sausage on a roll with roast beef on top, hot peppers, maybe a little celery, spices ---- one of the best sandwiches in the area.I really liked the Chicago dog.I *love* the combo beef and sausage.  The fries are great too!Don't let the small text on the letter-board fool you, it's great!
5	I was looking for a new place for some quick dinner on a late workday (subs and Mexican gets old after a while) and found Yovi's on the Downtown Pittsburgh website.  I thought it would be worth a try and it definitely was.I had the two Chicago dog combo with fries and a Coke (relish, mustard, pickle, and tomato on one, relish and ketchup on the other).  The toppings were fresh and the buns were great.  The hot dogs were delicious.The real winner is the fries.  I would have never expected a hot dog place to have such good  fries, but believe it, they are the best I've had downtown.  They have that fresh "Potato Patch" taste to them.
5	Every time I go to Yovi's the sheer awesomeness of the food drives me to think of yelp, and post a review.My "normal" has become (1) Chicago Dog and (1) Combo Beef and Sausage.  If I order just one or the other, I feel like I've short-changed myself.While I've never been to Chicago, the Chicago Dog feels like the real thing.  The ingredients are described earlier (mega-green relish, tomato, raw onion, large sliced tomatoes, poppy seed bun) are just strong, and in perfect concert with each other.The spicy Combo Beef and Sausage is spicy with the jalapenos and includes some different things for texture like celery and carrot.This sandwich may be a top contender for best sandwich in Pittsburgh. I'd put it up against Thin Man, up against Peppi's, and certainly up against Franktuary.  And I like all those places......I need to go back soon.
5	If you are even thinking about it, go to Yovi's now.Order(1) Combo Beef and Sausage(1) Chicago Dog.and then...Come back here and tell me I was right. :)(go now!)P.S. Had this today, again, and it was awesome.  Perfectly delicious. Nothing is better!
3	Mixed feelings on this one...Decided to go here instead of Franktuary when a coworker suggested they had the better Chicago Style dog.  I had been meaning to stop by for a Hot Italian Beef sandwich, so I figured the dog would be a good litmus test for a future visit.Yovi's is pretty small inside, just a counter with some bench stools and a few tables with two seats each.  Despite the size, I had to actually look for the window to order.I ordered two Chicago dogs and they came out almost immediately.  While the steamed bun was on point,  the dog itself was bland and the toppings were mediocre...  while its the closest interpretation I've seen in PGH to the original, it just simply failed in execution.On a positive note, my coworker let me try some of his fries and they were deadly good.  I'm assuming blanched then fried a second time given the thick crusty exterior and pretty smooth interior.  You can get some nacho cheese on the side and you're good to go.Overall, I'll probably stop back at some other time to try the Italian Beef, but I was actually surprise by the price (over $6 for two simple hot dogs) and it was cash only (luckily I had some on me).
5	I love this place dearly. It's out of the way in scenic Market Square. There is very little in the way of evidence of a delicious Hot Dog place aside from a colorful sign in a window. Simply put, the food is excellent. The service is friendly and the prices are reasonable. Chicago Hot Dog? Absolutely. Fries? Yes indeed. Even the chicken breast sandwich is excellent. Get some cheese on the side, put some vinegar on the fries and have a short mouth party away from your soul crushing office job. Bring cash, because like all the best Pittsburgh places, they dont deal in plastics.Yovi's. Come for the Chicago Style hot dogs, stay for the feeling of finding an underground treasure chest full of delicious wonder.
5	The Italian Beef is amazing. Period. Get it dipped with juice on the side. Tootie's ain't got nothin on Yovi's.
