4	I was drawn in my the lunch specials and I wasn't disappointed. Great value for the price! The decor is very pretty too. The food itself (at least what we sampled for lunch) wasn't extraordinary, but it was very satisfying. I had a red curry and it was exactly what I expected. The fun thing about the lunch special is that all the components come out at once on a large plate. No waiting for you to finish the app to bring out the main, its all there, artistically arranged. I like it!  It's bring your own wine, so I'll definitely keep it in mind for a casual dinner out with friends.
3	I was really, really excited when I found out we finally had some Cambodian food in Montreal-- I hadn't had a good bowl of amok or Cambodian dumplings since my trip there this past winter. I knew we were in trouble when I opened the menu and spotted various generic Thai and Chinese dishes on the menu with a smattering of actual Cambodia dishes. We split three appetizers; the wontons, the  fish cakes and the five-spice dumplings... all mehs. The amok was delicious and the fish expertly prepared, but it was nothing like any of the other amoks I'd eaten in Cambodia (of which there were many in and around Siem Reap). Saucy, and heaped with veggies and meat is what it's supposed to be-- I got what appeared to be fish braised in a lemongrass-heavy red curry and a whispy iceberg lettuce salad on the side to serve as veggies.  Perhaps this is regional variation specific to the owner's area of Phnom Penn? We finished off with the pumpkin and corn hot tapioca pudding-- which turned out to be more like a hot and sweet soup, instead of the thick, warm, creamy pudding I expected. Again, maybe regional differences. I probably won't return here just because I can get most of the menu at other restos for quite a bit cheaper and with more on the plate.Also, beware-- this place has been advertised as a BYOB, but they no longer do this. My search for good Southeast Asian continues...
5	Love the food here tofu or meat. I'm a born and raised cambodian but I do like North American Asian also. We were a group of eight for our friends birthday. We each ordered a main dish to share. I love their fish amok which is not exactly as my mums version but the flavor is very cambodian with their own twist. Their tofu Kroeung and pork bamboo shoot are quite solid too. My Caucasian friends ordered general Tao and peanut butter chicken. Something in their peanut sauce I couldn't stop eating. All very good and very fresh. We really loved everything. Some dish more than others. And bonus was my birthday friend got a fried ice cream as the resto's compliment. Vanilla flavor with caramel sauce. I stole a bite. I'm hooked. I highly recommend this place to those who like to discover and those who like to stick to the usual
4	I went here for a family meal and really enjoyed my introduction to Cambodian cuisine...it reminds me of a cross between Chinese, Vietnamese, and Thai. My sister and I shared a variety of appetizers: mini imperial rolls, fried wontons, and fishcakes, as well as a mango salad and tofu summer - which was a cold soft tofu dish with a soy-based dressing. We also shared a fried ice cream for dessert and a pumpkin and corn tapioca pudding. Maybe we went a little heavy with the fried items but they were all light and relatively not greasy. I can't always handle spicy food, but if my stomach is up to it, next time I'll try the fish amok, it looked really delicious! The desserts aren't overly sweet so if you like that, then you might enjoy something a little different like their tapioca.
4	Dinner here was delicious! I can't think of any complaints with regards to the food. The flavors were well balanced and the ingredients were fresh. The staff were generally very attentive and helpful. They were a little slow to bring us our menus once we sat down, but afterwards everything ran smoothly. I definitely recommend this place!
5	The food was great!  We chose to split a combo, which saved us a bit compared to ordering the dishes separately.  The food was cooked perfectly, and the portions were generous.  The staff was very friendly, and the location is very convenient..  I highly recommend trying the pumpkin corn dessert and the fish entree.
5	Surprisingly delicious dinner!  My husband ordered the dumplings and actually ordered another one after dinner because he loved them so much!  His dinner was what the waiter recommended - a traditional Cambodian dish with lemongrass, and he chose beef with it.  I had a tofu vegetable dish and it was fresh and delicious.  Beautiful restaurant with windows that opened to the outside, surrounded by planters with flowers.  If you're looking for great food with a nice atmosphere, this is a perfect place.  I would definitely eat there again.  The atmosphere did seem to lean towards intimate conversations and not a party of 12 being super-loud.
3	We search for Cambodian restaurant in Montreal and found this place. The decor has some Cambodian paintings and arts mixed with nonCambodian. This place has great reviews on Yelp and Urbanspoon but I guessed I expected too much and hoped it would more authentic Cambodian dishes. I spoke Khmer to the waiter and he brought out another menu on a piece of paper with several Cambodian dishes. We ordered papaya salad (Bok lahong), fish cakes (prik thit trey), tom yum soup, lemongrass chicken (cha kreung sakmourn), and beef salad (lok lak). Overall, the dishes were a bit on the sweet side and real Cambodian food aren't sweet but more of bold robust flavors.  The tom yum soup was sweet and has some curry flavor to it rather that sour, spicy, and boldness from galangal, chili, and lemongrass. Papaya salad was a major disappointment. It was soft, mushy, and lacking the authenticity of real Cambodian flavor. The portion is very small for each dishes. The fish cake were small, dried, and chewy. Overall, it's a good place for other ethics to experience Cambodian dishes but don't expect too much for authenticity.
3	Nice little restaurant . Service fast and friendly. I was accompanying a friend for a snack and I indulged in the mango salad which was delicious. I look forward to sampling more from the interesting menu on my next visit
5	Probably my favorite meal on my trip to Montreal. Amazing food, a taste of Cambodia. Touring the neighborhood, we decided to try a different cuisine of food, since there are barely any Cambodian restaurants in New York. The decor is magnificent, quite beautiful. The menu was very complex, with numerous Cambodian specialties, bits of Asian fusion incorporated. There was one guy who waited all of the tables, which at most on a Monday night, was 10 tables. Plus, he managed the register, delivering the orders to the chefs, and pouring the wine. Plus, he is really friendly and social in both French and English. The variety of food is extraordinary. So are the prices. Very reasonable, entrees ranging from $10-20. We started off with the fish cakes over crunchy noodles. The fish cakes had slight spice, the perfect temperature and perfect heat for an enjoyable appetizer. They looked amazing and had great consistency. They tasted so good!! Served with a cucumber sauce, very mild. For the main courses, we got Thai glass noodles with beef, the birds nest with chicken, and a chicken with peanut sauce. The Thai glass noodles had great flavor. The noodles were so skinny and when you picked them up, so many came out. That was the only negative thing I could say. They are easy to separate because they were cooked properly. The beef was very tender and added flare to this perfect dish. Served with vegetables as well. A birds nest is crispy, skinny noodles handcrafted into a bowl shape, filled with your choice of protein. We got it with chicken and vegetables. The chicken was amazing. The vegetables weren't overcooked, very delicious. The beauty about the birds nest is how the noodles start to cook when sauce is applied. So towards the end of the meal, the noodles went from crunchy to smooth. The chicken with peanut sauce was the most creative meal. They consider the sauce to be peanut butter, but it's just peanut sauce. The peanut sauce had so much flavor, with so much expertise in making it. The chicken was really good. Served with steamed rice, which was great. Also served with spinach, but it must have been dried, since it became crunchy. Really awkward taste, but really good. No too much salt. A perfect meal and I will come back.
4	Came here last night and had a really nice time. The menu is packed full of yummy sounding things and we were all really pleased with our meals (salt water spinach and tofu, chicken curry, beef satays, pork dumplings, etc.) The only unfortunate part of the night was they forgot my soup, boo, it sounded really yummy on paper. Portions are a bit on the small side, but you won't leave hungry. Full bar menu and cheap food. The sticky rice could have been stickier, it was basically a small portion of fairly normal rice.
4	A client suggested this as a good place to meet for a business lunch and I couldn't agree more. What a sweet find! On a Tuesday, it wasn't packed, which meant we could actually have a decent conversation without any distractions. Our server was as sweet as pie and very attentive - quite an adorable man with an obvious knowledge and passion for Cambodian cuisine. Everything was very decently priced - I think my meal + coffee came out to about $13 and I was TOTALLY satisfied with my food. Next time, I'll do a dinner date with my manfriend because our friendly server informed us that the dinner menu is where the real traditional Cambodian fare comes out!OH, I forgot to mention - they do takeout and delivery, too! Yay!
4	I came here on a Saturday night for dinner and was not disappointed with my experience.  Located a stone's throw away from Mont-Royal metro this restaurant has a somewhat upscale decor with Asian influence.  They focus on Cambodian cuisine and prices are incredibly reasonable.  Our server was friendly and welcoming.  Your best bet is to get the table d'hote which for $18 gets you your choice of soup, a spring roll or imperial roll and your choice of main dish from the menu.  I started off with the Phnom Penh soup which was a chicken rice soup.  They must have used lemongrass in it because it had a citrus flavour to it which I really enjoyed. The imperial roll was on par with what you would find in any Asian restaurant but the star of my meal was the quail.  Marinated in ginger, honey and garlic it was juicy and had that nice grilled taste to it.  The portion was a bit on the small side for me but I wasn't left hungry when I was done.  I just didn't feel very full.Cocktails are cheap but the flipside to that is that they are quite weak.  I had the Petite Mangue which was vodka, mango juice and pineapple juice.  There was not much vodka in it at all as I tasted more of the juice than anything else.  Given how cheap the drink was ($6) I wouldn't object if they raised the price just a bit and made the drink a little stronger.If you're looking for something different then come here for dinner.  For the prices they charge you just can't go wrong at La Petite Mangue.
