4	Cheap drinks and great servers.
2	Service is REALLY slow, the waitresses are not very friendly and they have no clue what is going on. Dont expect to be in and out quick. We have gone for lunch since it is close to our office and you will see retirees sitting at the bar drinking at 11:30 AM, they allow smoking so avoid this place if it bothers you. Food is not worth the wait, although it is cheap...which means its not high qaulity.
3	Wait staff has a sense of urgency.  This is a good thing.  I wish, though, that there were more of a wait staff, because the timeliness was totally lacking.  We went on wing night; wing sauces were good, but the wings were lukewarm and a bit dried out.  For the price, though (dirt cheap!!).  40 cent wings and cheap Yuengling after 8!!
2	Overall this place is the definition of "Just okay". The food is actually pretty cheap and on the whole is not that bad, toss in free popcorn and there are worse places to eat when you want bar food. The wings are my favorite thing to get but they are only good (I.e. Not dry and overcooked) about half of the time so it's a toss up whether or not you will enjoy them.The real draw back is the service. The waitresses are uninterested at best and downright rude at worst. They always seem like it is an inconvenience that you are there. One time a waitress just stared at us with a scowl on her face from the other room because we had sat down at a table with a group of friends on a Saturday night (at like midnight) and so she couldn't leave as long as someone was sitting at a table. We weren't there to eat, the kitchen was closed, and we found out that she didn't have to stay at all after all so she was rude to us for no reason.The service is bad, the food is okay, avoid if you can,
4	I had my first experience here recently and had a great time! Ordered wings and then an appetizer sampler to go along with a few brews while waiting. The service was enjoyable and friendly and the atmosphere was welcoming. The only minor criticism would have to be the platter, I expected the batter in which everything was fried to have more flavor but sadly, it was bland. There wasn't much seasoning on any of the platter and the marinara tasted cheap and bland as well. The lack of flavor in the batter made it impossible to enjoy or really eat most of the platter but, I'd try it again in hopes that it will improve. Will definitely return to try more of the menu!
