4	Small but busy Starbucks, no drive thru, indoor and outdoor seating.  Busy all day because of huge number of nearby business offices.  Free wi-fi, treat receipts.
4	No Drive Thru, outdoor seating and indoor seating is limited and the entire place seemed a bit cramped. I came in relay quick, ordered my tea, used to the restroom and took off since I was in a bit of a hurry but even to get to the restroom was strange from the design of the place. The parking lot is shared with a few other businesses including some large building, whatever Aristocrat is... The parking lot was pretty busy, lots of people coming and going. I just stopped in because I was in the area... It's just a place to come in, get a drink and go. I personally wouldn't come in here to study or anything. Good for what it is.
5	Superior motivation, stable crew. WARNING: This location primarily serves local businesses and the employees who work there who are regulars at this store. There are over  600 oeople within walking distance of this cramped, standing-room only, non-drive-thru location.You have been warned.If you are a tourist toting a rolling suit case, spoiled by drive thru's, or dwelling for the wi-fi or smoking lounge, this isn't your destination...pick another zoo to visit and break out your GPS and look both ways on your way out.Those of us regulars who 'live' in the neighborhood appreciate this team for their wonderful motivation, lickity-split quickness, and mild (but weak) attempt to keep prices low.
4	Not real quick but everyone was so damn friendly! This goes for all of the area Starbucks BTW but we frequented this one the most.
5	fast service.
3	Small Starbucks in a business park. It's surrounded by offices so it caters to the people who work in those office buildings. It's much smaller than your normal Starbucks, so don't expect to come here and lay out your laptop, papers, food, and spend a few hours here doing work or relaxing. I'm not giving 3 stars for the place, but for the drinks I've gotten from here thus far. Compared to the Starbucks on my side of town, where my drinks always come out pretty much perfect, and the Starbucks on the Air Force Base, where I also frequent, this Starbucks gave me "okay" drinks.For instance yesterday I ordered my typical Non-Fat Ice White Mocha with no whip and I left with it. When I got in my car and was going down the road, I took a sip and thought it tasted way, way too bitter. It almost had a sour undertone to it. I understand not every drink is going to come out perfect, but I've yet to receive a perfect drink from this Starbucks.
3	When I'm in serious need of a caffeine fix, this place does the trick. It doesn't have a drive thru, so not as convenient as some but sometimes cravings can't be thwarted by a little detail like that. Service is standard and efficient.
3	It's a Starbucks, so usually it should get a 4-star rating to just begin.  HOWEVER....The seating area is crowded and to navigate your way to the cashier to order is a mess.  The place where you get your drinks from the barista is also right against the door which means if there is a drink line, then that blocks incoming and outgoing traffic.  Along with the crowded seating area, trying to get coffee here is like trying to navigate an accident where it goes from 4 lanes to 1.Drinks wise, it's typical after Starbucks had their worldwide shutdown training.   Consistent drinks across the board.   But the whole having to navigate through a sea of people is not really my taste in store layout.  It'd be a lot better to have pick-up on the far end of the store.
4	Pretty good, a majority of the time it's really busy inside. Drinks wise just taste like any other starbucks. Very good customer service though.
4	I frequent this Starbucks on a daily basis (sometimes more than once a day!) Monday thru Friday.  They have a great staff, always friendly and just an overall great team!  I must say that this Starbucks is frequently busy, but they do such a great job with the amount of people that are in there at once, definitely a good experience.  Great store!
4	The layout is a little whacky but it's in a great location and it's a lifesaver!  I remember my first time in Vegas a few years ago waking up with a killer headache and wanting to eat the coffee grounds in the hotel room because I needed a jolt and a migraine cure.  That's when I first found this Starbucks and it was my savior.  Pretty sure I stuck a straw in a Venti and sucked away while I chewed Advil LiquiGels like they were Skittles.  Anyways, I was just back a couple months ago and frequented it again for a few days.  Customer service has always been friendly for as busy as they are.  Nothing bad to say about them!  Make sure you locate this one the night before so you can crawl over there whenever you wake up the next afternoon.
4	I used to come to this location all the time, as I work around the corner. Every employee here knew my name, and knew my drink when I would walk in.  I stopped going for a while, just cutting back my spending and my coffee intake...The staff has completely changed, which made me sad...I always got such great service from the other girls.  But...everyone here now is super nice as well.  I've been in a time or two since the change over and have never had bad service. This location is very small, and is usually pretty busy, but I've been known to set up shop with my laptop on one of the smaller tables early in the morning before the rush.  Its crowded and loud, so I recommend headphones if you don't want to hear all the noise.Drinks are standard, like every other Starbucks.  What sets them apart is their friendly staff.  :D
4	Well, what to say.. It is Starbucks! Always good, still have to remind staff, ICE FIRST! It's like, "Laces out people!" I can read the manual too I have google.Every one here is friendly, professional and they seem pretty happy to be honest...People watching here is good, a bit cramped, but still it's Starbucks, coffee, yummz!
4	You would think that Starbucks would get 5 stars no matter what the location.  This one doesnt.  No drive thru, so you must go in, it's cramped in there, there are very few chairs to sit and enjoy your beverage and there is almost always a line in there!  The drinks are pretty consistent, and its 4 blocks from home , so those are the only things that keep me going there.
5	Great service, great chai drink (made just like it should be! )...and THANK YOU for having butter for the pumpkin bread.The restroom, beverage prep area, and general seating areas were clean too...BONUS!!!
5	Friendly staff and quick! My coffee is perfect!  Breakfast sandwich the slow roasted ham and swiss croissant so tasty.
4	Great spot but no drive thru. Got a frapp around lunch time and it actually wasn' t that busy, maybe 2 people in line in front of me, I was in and out pretty quick. Staff was friendly and helpful.
2	Been to this place many times this month and last month. We ordered diff flavor each visit but mostly I love my caramel macchiato ...The ambiance is pretty good, good and sweet staff, very accommodating ..Today we ordered an orange mango smoothie , thought will try something else than coffee and other stuff but turned out that the one we ordered was tasted like banana,and you barely taste the mango or orange so we let them changed to peach tea or something. Thought something else than coffee BUT not a happy camper with the taste, it tasted like  water Foreals , I'm not kidding, so we decided to let them changed to CM and this coffee with vanilla..
2	Dear Starbucks, By the time you read this review, I'll be gone. I've started seeing other coffee shops, and the last few times I've been to see you...things just aren't the same. Your staff used to greet me by name, and know my order...now I'm lucky if I get a polite greeting.I'm sorry to say that the quality of your drinks, while never a favorite of mine, has gone down hill quite a bit.  I can't believe I paid $4.27 for a TALL latte, even if it was your new one, the Chestnut Praline Latte...which, by the way...is awful.  It tasted burnt, and wasn't even hot when I received it.  This is harder for me than it is for you.  We've grown apart.  I wish I could say "Its not you, its me!" but it is DEFINITELY you.  Cordially, Lisa ** the non silly version:Service has slipped considerably.  Prices are ridiculous for what you get, and the coffee is disgusting. I'll be travelling the additional 5 minutes to Grouchy Johns from now on.
4	There is no drive through at this location and surrounding it are a ton of business centers so it's super busy. When I walked in, the line was out the door but I was desperate so I waited. To my surprised delight, the line went super fast and I didn't wait more than 5 minutes for my drink after ordering. I was very impressed!
5	Good ol' Starbucks.... They have everything for every season. During the winter they have their seasonal drinks such as the famous Pumpkin Spice Latte, Peppermint Mocha, Creme Brulee Latte. Or the refreshing flavors during the summer like the Passion Fruit Tea and Lemonade or the Very Berry Hibiscus Tea.My favorite however anytime throughout the year is the White Chocolate Mocha and the Classic Chai Tea, hot please.Best of all, free WiFi!!! Every Starbucks has tables and chairs and you can lounge as long as you want.
3	This Starbucks crew is so friendly and outgoing, their customer service is a 5 out of 5, totally on point.As for cleanliness, I'd give them a 3 out of 5. The floors are somewhat clean, the tables and chairs are clean, the front of the store is pretty organized... BUT the bathroom is just nasty. It looks like it hasn't been cleaned all day, right now it's pretty slow so there is NO excuse for it to not be cleaned. I ordered a PM Frappucino and it taste like booty. There is way too many pumps of peppermint syrup. I even mixed it up with my straw and it doesn't help at all. No offense to the barista, but yikes. Work on that please, 2 out of 5 there.Overall, I'd probably come back for the chill atmosphere but not for a drink. It would depend on how badly I'm needing coffee.
