1	Rooms were not bad.  Breakfast bar was horrible.  Dry and cold food.  Missing some items that were not restocked.  Limited selection.  Don't waste 11.00 on garbage.
4	This is a nice hotel for business travel and they treat @HiltonHHonors members well.  I've stayed here several times and each time the night manager Amy has checked me in and I have felt very welcomed by her and the other staff at the hotel.If you are a gold or diamond member then the breakfast is comped and is pretty good.  If not, it will be around 10 bucks and you can do better at a local diner.The rooms are nice and well maintained.  As I said at the top, good spot for business travel.
1	We made a reservation through Booking.com, a great service, by the way.  As it turns out, the floor we booked a room on was flooded.  OK.  That can happen.  No big deal.  We arrived at 10 PM, tired.  We stood in a long line of people waiting to check-in.  Only by overhearing another customer being told the situation did we learn what was going on.  No announcement was made.  It was crazy.  We left, and found another place to stay.  Hilton, which runs the joint, tried to refuse to refund our money.While we were in line, a customer who did have a room came down to complain of an insect infestation.  The manager was simply incompetent.  In his bungled attempt to calm the man down, he ended up in a screaming match in the lobby.Stay away!  This is Vegas, for goodness sake.  There's plenty of other nice places to stay!
5	I had my flight cancelled until the next day due to inclement weather & was given an airline voucher. I thought it would be just a whatever crappy hotel or room but was I wrong! Very clean, very nice, very impressive & no lie, my room was nicer the one one I had been staying in at Caesar's Palace! I was also given a food voucher & the honey bbq wings were great! They have a fitness room open 24/7, a business center with two computer & free internet, also free wireless if you have a laptop. They offer a free shuttle to and from the airport 24/7 every 30 minutes & a free shuttle to & from the MGM Grand every hour until 11pm. I took the last shuttle at 11 to the MGM since I figured if I was gonna be stuck in Vegas another night, I might as well go out again! The shuttle driver said if she called before 6am, she would come by & pick me up, & she did :) Its a bit off the strip but I highly recommend it!
5	I got a great rate through name your own price on Priceline. They received the reservation quickly and accommodated our bed and non-smoking preference. The rooms were good sized and the bed comfortable, and the hotel staff was very helpful and welcoming. The room was very clean and didnt have the overpowering smell of cleaning fluids rooms so often do. The coffee maker in the room was a welcome suprise, though I suggest using two coffee satchels per cup if you are not a fan of weaker coffee. They also let us have a late check out. It was a much better hotel than I expected for the rate we got.
4	Decent hotel. The wife and I went to Vegas to see some shows and do a little gambling, but knowing our trip would fall during the dog days of summer, and the weekend, we know our options were limited in regards to hotel price. So, we had to venture off the strip and found Doubletree. It was one of the few hotels directly off the strip that was a major chain and also wouldn't require you to put a deposit down for "incidental charges". Whatever. Solid room all around and the staff were very friendly. The room was a little small, but had a nice tv, as well as hbo. They also give you a free shuttle to the MGM grand. It is around 5 miles off the strip, but with the shuttle running every couple of hours, you can save on taxis. They also had free wireless Internet and a nice fitness room, which are always a nice touch. A $12.95 breakfast, was pretty subpar, considering they had limited options. All in all, a nice weekend was had, but with the exorbitant price of $100+ a night, I would hesitate. This hotel usually charges sub-$50  during the week, so take that price.
4	This hotel's level of service and all the extras you get for your money make me want to give a review. The room was clean and comfy. Crabtree and Evelyn products in the bathroom, we were able to park our car for an extended period at no charge, we used our Hilton HHonors points for a huge breakfast for our family (they even offered low carb options!) never mind the cookies and water upon arrival. Our only "negative" was the shuttle pick up from airport which took longer than the 20 minutes. All in all fantastic value for $89/night.
