5	Ok, so this ISN'T new.  It is actually a correction.  I didn't realize until I dropped off my car this morning that there's another place with a VERY similar name--SORRY!  I kept getting coupons in the mail for this place, so I decided to check it out.  I recently had an auto repair shop tell me I needed to replace both front & rear brakes and wanted a second quote before forking over cash I didn't really want to part with.  They did a full inspection and not only negated what the first auto place told me but provided a report showing how much 'brake' life I had left before I needed to bring it in for replacement.  They could've just taken my money but this demonstrated they wanted to keep me as a customer and that's exactly what they got.I now take my car there for routine oil changes and other work (e.g., engine flush, etc) when necessary.7/1/08  Just dropped off my car for routine service.  They've now added free wifi for customers who want to wait @ the shop.  I luv me some free wifi.
5	Yes, the coupons convinced me to give it a try too :-) The brakes were squeaking and I knew I needed new pads so I decided to give them a try. The service was prompt, courteous and they didn't try to sell me anything I didn't need. Once they had the car up on the hoist they took me in and showed me the obviously worn pads and got my approval before fixing anything. I opted for the Ceramic pads and I would highly recommend them. No brake dust, no squeaking, longer wear and not much more than the Asbestos pads that come with most cars. I take my car there for all my routine maintenance. Good service, honest and a fair price.
1	DO NOT GO HERE!        I rate them with one star only because you can not select negative or zero stars.I was referred here from discount tire for an alignment. I arrived at 10am on a Tuesday morning. After numerous attempts to up sale me for brakes, rotors, and a diagnostic check. I was finally back on the road with a tire balance and rotation at 1pm. That's right NO ALIGNMENT and a three hour tire balance and rotation job. The alignment did not get done as I was told at the end while I was paying because "one of my heads are bent on my machine" I received no other explanation or even a mention of another location that could complete what I went there to have done. To add salt to the wound I leave the location and realize that I left my prescription Oakley sunglasses in the lobby of the store. I return to the store 10-15 minutes later and ask if I left my sunglasses there. At this time a man comes out from the back with my glasses and jokingly says "I was going to sell them"  to which I replied "It appears so since no one came out to tell me I left them or called me to let me know." This just solidified my experience and showed what kind of morals and ethics  the employees really have. DO NOT GO HERE FOR ANYTHING!!!
1	I went into brakes plus because I was recommended by discount tire to get an alignment after my tires wore through too quickly. I made an appointment and dropped off my truck Monday morning. After having my vehicle for just over an hour I received a call from Charlie, who explained that I needed much more than an alignment. $1400 more to be exact. I explained that $1400 isn't easy to come by and I wanted to wait to do repairs since it was not immediately necessary, and I wanted to come and pick up my vehicle. After arriving I was met by high-pressure sales pitch to fix my vehicle. Since no work had actually been done I did not owe them any money and I wanted to leave. It took me nearly 20 minutes for them to give me my keys back so that I could leave. I left feeling very uncomfortable and decided to do some research into the local shops to get the work. I found that S/S tire came highly recommended by users on the Internet as well as the Better Business Bureau and went to see them instead. I'm so glad I did! They were very helpful and friendly and showed me exactly what was wrong with my car. It turns out I did need most of the repairs, however their total bill only came to $950. Brakes plus was trying to rip me off for almost $500 of unneeded parts and labor. Beware!!
5	Went by today with coupon for $20 oil and lube service with free tire rotation. Not only did they do that but while the rotation was beijg doje they inspected my brakes. I knew the brakes needed some work, but did not have the money to get the job done today. Pete, the service manager called andnsaid the rotors on the car were not the correct ones which caused premature wear of the pads. He asked where I had the brakes done. I told him it was another brakes plus location and that it was back in 2011. He verified that was true and proceeded to replace both the rotors and the pads and upgraded them to ceramic for free.  He did this all under warranty.  I walked out paying a total of 28 bucks for everything. Thank you Pete and Brakes Plus for your honesty and great service!
5	I was worried walking in here, NO NEED TO BE WORRIED!! My dealer said that my brakes needed to be changed for $200, called brakes plus and they quoted $79 plus they had a $20 coupon online. They insisted on inspecting the brakes first and what do ya know.. It didn't need brake pads!  They were very courteous and even physically showed me the pads to assure me that they were fine.Final cost $0 Pete and Bret were very helpful and honest.I would recommend this location!!p.s. They have free Wi-Fi
5	I just had an oil change at a dealership in Goodyear and was told at time of payment that  I needed new brakes.  I was given the impression that I should not drive a great distance until the work was done.  Decided to get 2nd opinion and went to Brakesplus in Surprise, AZ.   I was shocked to hear that my brakes are fine and I do not need new brakes at this time.  What honesty, thank you WAYNE at Brakesplus!  They have proven to be trustworthy and will now get my future business.  Goodby dealership....Hello Brakesplus!
5	Thank you BRETT and CIPPY for aligning my wheels that was supposed to have been done by another garage chain....I was in and out in less than an hour...thank you.....I had never been there before, but I'll definitely be going back.....
5	The only shop I take my vehicles to. They always do a great and quality job and are very friendly. Special thanks to Wayne and Brett!Oh yeah, and great coffee!
5	AWESOME customer service.  2nd time at this business.  Had brakes flushed for $39.00.  Was told by dealership, they would charge a diagnostic fee then another charge for repair.  Brakes Plus is honest and the place to go!
