5	Fantastic Mexican food, served 24 hours a day (including breakfast)...this place is great! My girlfriend introduced me to "Fili B's" in Mesa a year ago, and since it opened we've hit this 7th Avenue location 3-4 times a week. The staff at the drive-thru are very friendly and efficient, and the food is always fresh and hot (and of course delicious). Their breakfast burritos are my favorite - for less than $5 you're getting a burrito as big as your forearm, a delicious tortilla packed with scrambled eggs, cheese, and whatever else you want in it. My girlfriend's favorite isn't actually on the menu, but when we ask for refried beans and egg and cheese the staff always get it right and never seem confused by the custom order. We've also ordered taco plates and quesadillas to go, both with wonderful results. Also, if you've had good green salsa before, try the green salsa from this location - you'll love it too! :)
5	This place has THE BEST carne asada in Phoenix.  I've tied many many other places, even places that say that theirs is the best. But Filibertos never says theirs is the best because the best doesn't have to say it. They have proof. They've hot the carne asada. And they don't fill their burros with rice and beans to fluff their food.  It's all goods. You've gotta pay extra for that stuff.
5	Great, cheap, and quick! If you want seriously good food, make a stop there! You will not be disappointed!
5	Coming from Colorado, this place exceeded our expectations!
5	I can't believe I'm giving a Filiberto's five stars. Yes...this is real life. And this is seriously the best location. The lobby is open until 3am on weekends. Nothing extraordinary for this type of food, but they take VERY good care of the interior. Most of the lights are off, so it looks quite dim. Coupled with the soft music, it's like a scene out of some stoner romance film. The employees are nice, and they care a lot more than anyone at any late-night Mexican place I've seen. They don't just yell out your order, they bring it over to you and present it with pride, as if you were at a *real* restaurant. "And for you, sir, the carne asada quesadilla".They actually take time (it was like a 10-minute wait) to season everything to perfection. Nothing about my meal looked rushed or sloppy, which happens at literally every other location.Classy AF. If I'm around Indian School after last call, and I'm faded, you best believe I'm dropping by here.
