4	Currently closed for refurbishment, this KFC holds a special place in my heart.When my boyfriend and I first started dating, we would go out and get very drunk and spend the next day hungover in bed. Around 8 o'clock we would drag ourselves out of bed and go here for a bucket. We would take said bucket home and set up an ironing board as a table and eat off the ironing board while watching a movie. This bucket was meant for 4 people, yet we always managed to polish it off.Isn't that romantic?Did you know that there are three types of gravy at KFC? It depends what the manager chooses to sell. The first is runny, the second is medium and the third thick. This KFC does the best gravy in Edinburgh and I think goes with the third option. Mmm the third option. KFC isn't complete without it's heavenly gravy, in fact the gravy is what makes the food that tiny bit more bearable because it is actually kind of gross.One time I saw a pregnant girl smoking here. That sums up the clientele, but you already knew that.
5	When I guzzled down a variety meal in here wearing a shirt and tie, the looks I got suggested that KFC is not a venue usually accustomed to formally dressed, business focused clientele. Indeed, while McDonalds does to some extent, have a tinge of universal eppeal, KFC seems happy being the lowest of the low.There's something tremendous about ravenously devouring the remains of these poor, water-injected souls,  but the fact that afterwards you'll inevitably feel sick at the thought of a KFC for a good few weeks afterwards sums up the darker side of the food. It's greasy, terrible for you, and if the batter is even the slightest bit soggy, utterly disgusting.A bit of a batter based lottery then, and the chips are foul, but on a good day, a carnivorous delight.
3	This KFC has gone up in my estimations after the refurbishment that it has currently undergone, but this still doesn't change the fact that the food here is pretty disgusting.Before the refurbishment, it looked really run-down and looked like an establishment that would only be frequented by roughians, but now it does at least look half respectable.I've been there a few times for lunch when my friends have insisted that they wanted to go there and the meals are alright but you don't really get good value for money. I usually go for the chicken popcorn and chips and the chicken popcorn always tastes so salty. In terms of price, the meals are about the same cost as Burger King, but not as good.
3	The franchise have done well to refurbish this KFC on Nicholson Street, making it look more reputable. But it doesn't take away from the fact that it's still a takeaway franchise, and one in an area that has its rougher parts.It's a small size and does everything it says on the tin. Anytime I've been in or walked by it the queues have been moderate but dealt with quickly, so credit to the good staff.Unfortunately, the people who populate this area at night have also tainted my opinion on this KFC. It's nothing to do with the restaurant - if it has the Zinger meal I'm there and front of the line - but I am put off eating in here by the morons who vandalise it. I feel terrible saying that because it's not the restaurant's fault in the slightest, but the massive window that has been smashed and panned in has been that way for at least a week, and it makes me wonder at what intimidating customers hang out around here. The clientele have thoughtlessly cheapened the restaurant for me, and even though I will stress once again that it's nothing to do with KFC, it would still cause me to avoid eating in here. Yes, crime happens everywhere and I'm not a snob in any way, I just don't fancy my chances against intimidating groups of people who have nothing better to do than abuse others.Good for a takeout and kept as clean as they can, but sadly they are going to have to get bouncers on the door to get rid of the drongo's. Damaging someone's property is not big nor is it clever, but as much as I would try and see beyond the window it's very obvious that it's a sign of social deprivation, and not modern art.
