3	Went there with friends who are considering providing music in the lounge.  Very quiet (but it is July) - ordered a special plate because I'm dieting -  of burger, tomato, lettuce, pickles and hard-boiled egg.  The burger was very good and the veggies fresh.  An older building but then I like the casualness of older, non-chain businesses, nice folks.  I would go again for sure if I'm in the area.  My gal friend ordered the regular burger and shared with one of our other friends and the all agreed the burger was good.P.S. Not sure where the "gift shop" part comes in but a spacious lounge and restaurant are what make up the building.
3	Looking for a nice meal out we ended up stopping at the Sundance just because it was close and the lot was full.  We had the prime rib special.  It definitely was a good quality piece of meat.  It was hard to cut and not real flavorful.  However, we would definitely go back and try something else on the menu.  The entertainment -- Southern Drawl -- was fantastic and the wait staff super friendly.  They definitely deserve a second chance.  The restaurant gets 3 stars for entertainment and staff.
2	I go to this restaurant for breakfast often. The biscuits and gravy are great and so is the wait staff. Tonight my wife and I went for dinner and the food was terrible. My country fried steak was overcooked, greasy and unappetizing. The onion soup was half croutons and poorly seasoned. . Asparagus was overcooked. My wife ordered the Sundance special hamburger and got a plain one that wasn't very good. On the positive side the band "Rock and Roll Memories" was very good. The customers were very congenial. Imported beers are $2.50. Despite the poor food we had a good time and will return for the entertainment but doubt we'll order dinner again. New owners could make this place thrive if they would do something about the kitchen and add more wait staff. I felt sorry for our waitress and the number of tables she had to handle. Hopefully the owners will get a better handle on the kitchen.
