5	I started using Bare Escentuals two years ago and I haven't gone back! I'm actually transitioning all of my make-up to them - using up the last of some Prescriptives eyeshadow I've had for a loooong time that I love. Great customer service at this store. They know their products & will gladly show you how to use them all.
4	You can get the Bare Minerals foundation at other places but it is worth a trip to this store to peruse (and sample!) their full line of makeup.  The staff here are very helpful, friendly, and extremely knowledgable of the different products in the store.  I love their stuff and I never get it anywhere else.  But even if you are loyal to another beauty shop, if you have never tried bare minerals before you should stop by the BE boutique so that the experts and match you up with the right shade and show you the proper application techniques.  Yes, I know they will do that at Sephora but trust me, it is much better to come to the BE store, especially the first time you are giving it a try.It can get a little crowded during peak shopping times so if you want a leisurely, private makeup lesson it is probably a good idea to cone in on a week day.  They are located on the upper level of the mall, not too far from the food court.  Their prices are comparable to other stores that carry the same products but they do have a punch card so that will at least get you some discount.
5	I love love love Bare Escentuals, LOVE THEM! It's all I use.  A friend turned me on to them a few years ago and I haven't looked back.  I love the colors, the brushes, the kits, the eye shadows, omg I love it all!!If you are unsure if Bare Escentuals /Bare Minerals are for you, you can make an appt with the store to have a full face make over, I think it's really how I was sold on the product. My friend set up an appointment for us, we went, I got my face dolled up, and then I was able to go home, do my normal routine, and see how my face felt with the product and after a full day of activity my face still looked fresh, yep I was sold! I have been a faithful customer to this store ever since.
5	Lovely experience at this Bare Escentuals boutique from start to finish! I dropped in here last night after a guy (at another beauty retailer) tried to match me at Jersey-Shore-Gal-Orange in my foundation and BB Tinted Primer. Listen, ladies. I know you can buy BE products at ULTA and Sephora, but the staff there doesn't get the same extensive training on the product as these folks do. Save yourself the trouble, embarrassment and money and stop here first. If only for a color match.That way, even if you don't actually pick up your product(s) here, you'll at least know exactly what to buy somewhere else. Sam was a doll and took her time to properly match me in the Matte Powder Foundation, the new BB Tinted Primer and the new Bareskin Liquid product. By the way, if you hate liquid make-up (like me!), give Bareskin a go. It doesn't feel cakey at all. As close of a match as possible without being barefaced! My favorites: 1) PrimeTime Original2) PrimeTime BB Tinted Primer 3) MATTE Powder Foundation4) READY Blush 5) Well-Rested 6) Hydrating Mineral Veil Cannot recommend this place enough!
