4	As far as DMVs go, this is the BEST EVER.  It took exactly 22 minutes from when I walked in the door to when I walked out with my new PA ID.  There were a dozen people in front of me, too.  I went at noon on a weekday.  The most shocking part was that everyone was super nice--especially the man at the photo station.  Maybe I'm just jaded from the three hour waits with mean people at Duncan Manor, but this was a pleasant trip to the DMV.  Who knew that could happen?
5	This phone number belongs to AAA downtown, not the DMV!
5	I agree with a previous poster that this is a GREAT DMV!  I recently moved to Pittsburgh and needed my driver's license.  I brought in all of my materials and printed out the form from the website thinking I would have ample time to complete it while waiting.  I arrived 5 minutes after opening this morning [a Monday - website listed this day as "continuous flow" with no optimal hours to arrive].  I parked in the garage literally beside the location and crossed the street to go in.  After pulling my number and heading to the area to sit down, my number was called!  It took less than 30 minutes for me to complete the form with the representative, pass the eye exam and have my picture taken with temporary DL in hand.  The picture lady even let me take an extra photo without drama when she thought I looked too tired in my picture [I agreed].  Next photo looked great and I am very happy with my experience!
4	I am so pleased that the DMV was moved far far far away from Stanwix street and out of the state building.  This is a great location I have honestly never waited more than an hour for any service that I needed and for anyone who has ever been to the DMV that is actually not a bad turn around time.
5	Moved to Pittsburgh from California and let me just say the differences are amazing, especially concerning the DMV. This PennDot is great. I came in to get my new license on a Tuesday afternoon around 1:30, and had my temp in hand within 15 minutes. The people are friendly and efficient. Pro tip: Print the forms out online, fill them out before coming in, and bring everything you need. You'll be set in no time.
4	Hands-down the best DMV center I have ever been to. Typically, I would rather go anywhere in the world before having to deal with anything at the DMV; however, when I moved up to Pittsburgh and had to get a PA license I was absolutely stunned at how fast and efficient everything was at PennDot. There is an employee waiting at the front to ask you what you need as soon as you come in. If you don't have all of the necessary paperwork, birth certificates, proof of residence, passport, your first born to donate, etc., they won't even let you take a number. This, for better or worse, weeds out the people who will waste their time as well as everybody else's time waiting in line and at the help desks. Again, I was stunned at how quickly the numbers were called and have always had a relatively pleasant experience with the people at the desks (people here typically hate their job and thus you). In all, while I wish to never have to deal with them again, I will definitely stop in here if I do.
