4	Frankenstein's was our funny find for the weekend. A very funky bar stretched across three floors we visited on the Saturday night and then when we went back for quick bite to eat on the Sunday night they'd run out of food! Festival run out! Our waiter/bar man was very friendly and accommodating though and found combinations on the menu we could eat. The food isn't high quality but the atmosphere and fun is.
3	Frankenstein has a pretty cool atmosphere as it was an old church that looks like it could be a scene in Shelley's book now.  Either that or a really bad Halloween party.The biggest plus was that they seemed to have the best student deals (20% off all the time) and weekday specials as well.  Also they had some cheap food (burger and fries for 3 pounds).
4	Came here upon the recommendation of a friend who studied abroad here (see my other review on Biddy Mulligans). The atmosphere is interesting and reminds me of halloween decor with the lights and frankensteins... haha anyway,  i had the burrito (I know, I know, what was I thinking ordering a burrito in Edinburgh, but I was curious)... It wasn't what I was expecting. The chicken was wrapped in the tortilla and then it was baked with salsa and cheese on top... And it was served with the beans and rice and cheese/sour cream/salsa (more of it!) on the side. But it was DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My friend ordered the portobello and bleu cheese burger (which includes a meat patty, not just the mushroom!) and he LOVED it and said it was the best burger in the WORLD. hahaha. My friends ended up going again another night and both ordered the burger and both agreed that it was the best burger in the world and for that reason alone, they want me to give it 5 stars, but alas, I didn't try the burger ( i don't like bleu cheese or mushrooms) so I can't give it the full 5... oh well.Come to Frankensteins for good food and fun!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Are you a student? Are you mentally ill? If you answered yes to either if these questions then you will no doubt love this place. If not then stay away.Frankensteins is a bog-standard chain pub dressed up to look like a Hammer Horror film set. Nothing of note can be said about their drinks or their food, its exactly what you would expect from a corporate enterprise aimed squarely at a young audience - umpteen types of fizzy, tasteless lager to wash down your greasy, bland fajita/burger.Avoid like the plague.
3	Went in here for first time a few weeks ago and was rather dissapointed after what i had heard of it. We had a meal and although it was ok it wasn't worth what we paid for it , drink was rather expensive as well although it was a good pint. Good place to go see if you are a tourist and get a phot taken outside of bar but not a locals bar by any means. Staff were friendly and service was ok.
2	Frankensteins is always a 'last resort' type of place - where you go when every where else is too full or the queues too long. During the day, Frankenstiens poses as a gothic, Mary Shelly themed restaurant serving a range of basic and rather bland meals to students and tourists who fell for the Frankenstien gimmick. Student however, do have an excuse, this place is cheap - really cheap. In the evenings, Frankensteins embraces the dark and becomes a bar. This really isnt a good thing, for while the gothic theme lends itself better to a bar than a restaurant, the atmosphere is still pretty dreadful and the whole thing feels like Frankenstein going for a jog - uncomfortable, dragging and groaning.  I dont like Frankenstiens that much, but it remains a faithful back up if the hundreds of other bars in Edinburgh close.
4	This place is hilarious! Don't be fooled with the sign: World Famous Frankenstein 1826 : to my knowledge the old church building this bar is placed in is not that old. This venue is placed over 3 floors with pool tables, electronic games and bars. The "Frankenstein theme" is quite obvious all over the shop, including a large screen tv showing a Frankenstein movie (the one with Hugh Jackman). The bathrooms were surprisingly clean late on a popular night (and the only time I have actually been in here). It has a grand karaoke night on Sundays and the bartenders are quite amusing, especially at closing time. Although this seems to be the place for tourists and stag/hen parties it can still be good enough for a cheap drink, or when you are too merry to care.
3	I attempted to have a date here once but it was far too busy and crowded, so we left. I feel the idea of Frankenstein's is actually much better than the real thing. It's very gimmicky with it's Gothic, Frankenstein theme and is located in an impressive old church. Impressive from the outside anyway. The drinks are stupid expensive and not worth it, I don't think you can justify the hiking up your prices just because you have a special theme going on. The staff are pretty rude too, maybe they are tired of the Frankenstein theme and the fact they are constantly in the dark.
3	Friday?5pm?Tie wrapped round head?Welcome to Frankensteins. Next stop, self loathing.
4	My friends and I come in here every so often, just for that sense of comfort, where you realise that some things will just always stay the same, no matter what the rest of the world is up to. With life changing and moving so fast all the time, it's nice to know Frankensteins will always be there for you, showing you that none of those new fangled ideas of updating things and being trendy matter, because after midnight, Frankenstein will always be lowered from their roof on his stretcher, then he'll slowly sit up, then the chords of Robbie Williams, Let Me Entertain You will blare around the bar. Last time we were in here, there was a terrifying moment where it sounded like they might be about to alter the space time continuum and play something else, but after freezing for a fearful second, we heard the unmistakeable sounds of Robbie, and order was restored. Frankenstein is pretty expensive at the weekends, and undoubtedly gimmicky, but it's good, non pretentious fun, and I can't help but have a soft spot for it. The dance floor is pretty big, and there are also two other floors, one of which is a viewing gallery where you can observe the dancers below.
2	I agree with Fiona, Frankenstein's is a total marmite place, you either love it or hate it, there's really no in between. I have to be totally honest and admit that it's not really my bag, it's a bit too gimmicky for my liking. I've only been during the day and feel I'm missing out a little as apparently at night they have a robotic Frankenstein who comes out and does a little party piece which would be hilarious to see but once you've seen it, I'm sure it would get old quite quickly and soon turn into an annoyance.This place is rather dingy and the prices aren't all that cheap either. It seems to also be lacking in atmosphere so to be honest, I'd rather drink elsewhere and it would never be my venue of choice.
3	Frankenstein is undoubtedly a student bar.  The whole inside is decorated along the theme, almost over the top in places.  I've been here once as part of a night out, and I can't say that I found my time in here amazing.  It's the sort of place that someone may mention as part of a night out, but that will inevitably be passed by with a better offering elsewhere.If you're a student, then you'll love the whole decor and the days when they do free or cut price food.  If you're not a student, you'll probably steer clear of here.  It's not really a classy or sophisticated place, and don't get the impression it is.  I'm sure they do big things at Halloween, but apart from then I can't really think of when I'd want to be going here.  For what it is, it does well though.
4	I don't like this place. Purely because an ex of mine works here, a particularly shitty ex. You might like it though...!!It's above average as a bar and restaurant. Every Tuesday they have great  free food giveaways for students. It's amazing, too good to be true! Every now and again the huge Frankenstein face thing comes down from the ceiling, pretty f'ing scary if you're not expecting it!They have pizza's, burgers, salads and lots of other options.It's a fun place, definitely worth a look in.
5	This was my most favorite place to be in Edinburgh!! I spent most of my nights here and met some of the most amazing people!! Frankies will always be in my heart!! Im sure its just as fun without the Rocky Horror Picture nights but man I felt Like I was living a dream here!! Frankie burgers here are amazing!! best burgers in town!  Please order their specialty drink called the frankenstein and also frankensteins bride both amazing drinks!! have fun and take home memories!
4	Not much to say but that this place was great fun!I went on a Wednesday, they had a wii mario kart tournament going on which was quite entertaining!Staff were very friendly and the first round of drinks was incredibly cheap (I guess we arrived at happy hour)!
3	Good meals between 5-7:30, soft drinks Half price. Burger was nice, but the portion of chips with it was small.  Still decent for the price.
4	Great decor for the theme--spiderwebs, some shorts in beakers, random scientific looking stuff--and also great music for the theme--'its back from the dead: 80s music'. Not sure if they always play music by the decade, but they should. You would need to be in a certain mood to go there there though--not your average night out--and, because of the decor, I felt like I should have dressed up more.
4	In my "perfect world" every old church would be converted into a pub. Notre Dame and St. Vitus would be amazing pubs! But, I don't see that happening anytime soon. This place is really well done... A bit of an over the top "theme" pub, but that is okay. The place is modeled after Dr. Frankenstein's lab, complete with plasma balls, Jacob's ladders, and the monster being lowered from the ceiling. They had several speciality drinks, but we stuck to a few nice droughts. When in Edinburgh, I would definitely recommend stopping by for a few pints.
2	Oh hell no girlfriend, uh-uh. I don't know what that drooler in the white shirt was thinking, grinding up on me like that without introduction, but I'm pretty damn sure my punch in the chest got my message across. Look-look-no-touch, thank you.This place was, meh, average, kinda crappy music, DJ didn't play requests and kept pausing the music in all the wrong places to scream shit about Jagerbombs. Every. Five. Minutes.Had to run around the dance floor a bit trying to avoid the rather grab-assy "gentlemen" that were present, and yes a wooden doll got lowered from the ceiling that vaguely resembled Frankenstein's monster. To their credit, they did play Michael Jackson's Thriller,  but then again, what else would you play to go with that?Keep walkin' people, if you've got to set the bouncer on the chavs to keep off your body (for their safety really, I would've done them more harm), you know it's not the place to be. Frankenstein, somehow that name is oddly appropriate...
4	Frankenstein memorabilia everywhere inside, looks like a church on the outside, check.  Have beers on tap with loud music on, check.  This is definitely a place for you to stop by and have a beer and take a look around, even once.  This place is unique and one of a kind.First came here on a pub crawl one night, and we came back the next day for a later afternoon beer just to make sure it wasn't just weird when I have had a couple of drinks already.
3	Dropped in for a quick pint the other afternoon, relatively quiet apart from a few people watching the early kick off Europa League match.Really liked the look of the place from the outside, and they've done the theme very well so that the inside doesn't disappoint.
4	Went in for lunch and had a really good cheese and bacon burger. Love the Frankenstein theme with Bride of Frankenstein playing on the big screens
4	Such a fun place to eat!  the food is good, comparable to most pub food in town. Its really the atmosphere  and old "monster movies" playing in the background that really make it. If you're going to take a guest to pub food, then you should go here!
1	Staff are not very helpful, place was dirty when I went in , couldnt even get a table to be cleaned for me and my friends. Pretty sure there was no booze in any of the cocktails . Also had a different very bad experience in this pub and the staff wouldnt even help out or anything. The only thing going for this place is the music that plays which is ok. Otherwise I will never be going back and neither will a large group of my friends.
2	I've been here a few times before and nothing but good things to say. Nice bartenders, funky interior and Frankenstein himself saying hello. Last night myself and my friends popped in for a drink and the place was hopping. We were all just chatting near the bar till one of the bouncers, (small fella, covered in tattoos, serious attitude problem), pulled me to the side and said 'are you bumping off other customers?'. I replied saying 'no, what are you talking about?', then he just started shoving me out the door! I don't know what was this mans problem as I was just minding my own business, and was certainly not bumping off anyone! My friends came right out after me and pleaded with me what was the problem. Of course there is no arguing with bouncers and seemed to only want to start a fight themselves! We left anyway and laughed it out between ourselves as this wasn't going to dampen our night.It's a shame Frankenstein's have a member of staff like this as it ruined our view towards this place.I recommend this place but be warned you probably will get kicked out for no apparent reason.
2	Eh, Kind of a tourist trap. I mean, it is entertaining and all your first time out, but once you've seen the cheesy decor, it is just another club. No, this is mainly for the college and the tourist too confused to realize that this has nothing to do with Mary Shelley's classic tale published in 1818. I have a hard time imagining any self respecting local or yelper, saying, "Yup, this is my bar."However, I could be wrong, for the strange and unusual thrives in every country, I once spent an evening in a Russian Ice Bar in Nha Trang, Vietnam, so anything is possible, I guess. No, for me, I would much rather explore the hundreds of authentic bars in Edinburgh, Still, to be fair,I had popped in hear alone, so this bar might merit another star if I had been with a large group. Next time, I am in Edinburgh, I may drag the whole clan down here and see what they think,
4	Don't know what's up with all bad reviews. Maybe I came at the wrong time. When I stopped by for lunch, I was the only customer. The food was good and the service great.
5	Literally one of my favorite nightclubs ever.  Music was SO FUN.  Drinks were ok, but music was what makes this place amazing.  Videos of the music are so entertaining.  They play the top hits of the 80s, 90s, and today...I wish there was a place this awesome in New York.
3	Why do I like Frankenstein's? It's been here since like my student days - and in today's terms, that means forever. It's part of a chain of horror pubs (seen in Edinburgh and Nottingham...probably elsewhere too) with cheesy cocktails that I used to knock back when I were but a lass, and cheap beer/wine that I knock back now that I have earned my flat cap and pipe. I was a wannabe goth as a teenager, so the vamp in me can never resist a visit. It has easily accessible toilets that you can get to without having to endure the stares of the barkeep (honest, I'm coming in for a drink!). I've never, repeat, never not been able to get a seat. Trying to get a booth, however, can be a wee bit more challenging, but I am happy to report, challenge accepted on many a time. I don't think I've ever spent a full evening here, or in any of the theme pubs, but it's a bit of cheesy, cheap fun to throw into an evening, and great during a rainstorm. Now, do I really want to go to one of their theme dinners? Hmm, maybe not so much....
