5	I simply have to write about Neil Smith's Vegas Guitars Custom Shop.  I have many guitars, and have been disappointed that I could not find a high quality luthier to address setup work on instruments.  I am no longer disappointed!  I found Neil Smith using an Internet search, and found his site to be of interest, since I had a Les Paul which seemed to have some high frets, but I was too afraid to take it anywhere local.  I set up a time to bring the guitar in, you can't just 'walk in,' as his shop is small, a one man operation, plus his assistant, Susi, who is also wonderful!  When I got to the shop, I was astounded at Neil's obvious attention to detail.  He was anxious to discuss all aspects of guitars with me, and his years of experience gave me that "warm fuzzy feeling" I'd never found in a Las Vegas luthier.  While I had not been expecting to have this particular guitar receive a total setup, after talking to Neil, I was convinced that that is exactly what it needed.  Not to say I was talked into something, just that his logic made complete sense to me.I was not in a hurry to get the guitar back, but I got a call in less than a week, telling me it was ready.  Now, I must tell you that this guitar already had super low action, even with the fret problem.  I had not expected that the action could have gotten any lower.  But it was, indeed, amazingly lower!  The nut slots were perfect, the frets were crowned and smoothed and look like jewelry.  It felt like a different guitar, and this from an instrument that was already outstanding!  I have taken one other instrument to Neil, a Gibson Historic Korina Explorer, and it, too, got the same setup, simply perfect!  I plan on having many more of my guitars set up by Mr. Smith.  Oh, and if you're in the market for a new, custom guitar, he does that, too.  Spectacular work, from the few of those I've had the privilege to see.In the interest of complete transparency, after my first experience, I've since done some photography work for some of Mr. Smith's guitars.  However, this took place only after that first Les Paul was completed, and had no bearing on how well that guitar work was performed, or on my opinion of that work.
5	I have used Neil for various repairs and setups for over 10 years. Originally he was in N Las Vegas, then in the center of Las Vegas and now in the Southern part of town. He always spends the time to get your opinions, give you the options and service your instruments as needed while personally taking an interest in you and your instruments. He has lots of satisfied musicians who stand by his work and ethics. He is a Master Luthier, licensed to work on Fender and other fine instruments and builds his own guitars that are quite popular with professional musicians. Did I mention that he and his side kick Susi are just nice honest people?  If you have a prized instrument or even a player that needs a setup or maybe want to have a lovely, well playing instrument built for you, Neil is the guy to go to. I highly recommend his services.Attached is a link to a recent Las Vegas Review Journal video in regards to Neil's business. Enjoy:http://www.reviewjournal.com/business/guitar-maker-neil-smith-builds-reputation-las-vegas-musicians
5	This shop is 1st rate for any type of guitar or bass repair! Meticulous and detailed work. The only bad thing I can say is you might have to wait, but then good things come to those who wait! Neil installed a Hipshot ghost bridge and a complete GraphTech midi preamp system with all the bells and whistles on my 2011 Fender Precision. Did a fantastic job!
5	This business is the only stop you need to make if you're a professional guitarist. Neil and Susi do the best work in the business and really have a deep level of care for the music and musicians in our Vegas community. I am proud to use this business to help keep ME in business.  Try the (relatively) new Tone Garden Pickups as well, they're fast becoming popular, and for good reason!
5	Neil has setup 2 of my guitars. The difference in how they played afterwards was amazing.  He takes the time to find out what you are looking for, and giving you the options. He takes pride in his work and really wants to be sure you are happy with it.As Mike mentioned you may have to wait if they are busy, but you can count on it being done right. Neil is the only person in LV I would take my guitars to.
