2	If you have Cracker Barrel, or Claim Jumper listed as your favorite restaurants, McGrath's is right up your alley! Honestly, the restaurant is nice, the wait staff was fine, the food was edible. But it's corporate food.....plain and simple.Have a Claim Jumper clone Cobb Salad, a forgettable stuffed flounder.  Boring.Conclusion: Save McGrath's for that business lunch where you don't want to offend anyone. But don't look for any kudos regarding your creativity....take them to the San Diego Bay Restaurant in Guadalupe instead. And watch those bonuses just keep on comin'!
3	Went here with my girls for Father's day :)They have an excellent kids menu, reasonable prices on their food and drinks. Good service (likely because they are surprisingly empty). I like the atmosphere and assume it would be more fun with a packed house. Note: this is a family joint - not a romantic getaway.The scallops were decent, my grilled shrimp was good, baked potato was pathetically small. Both kids got the popcorn shrimp kids-meals, which they enjoyed.
4	Although we live in California, we have family near Mesa and have eaten at McGrath's in Mesa twice, including this evening. I say "eaten" rather than "dined" because McGrath's is not fine dining, it is fun eating. There were five of us tonight, and all of our meals were well prepared, well presented, and completely consumed. Was the food extraordinary? Nope. But it was definitely better than ordinary and the prices were very reasonable. No wonder my brother-in-law offered to pay! (Actually he's a generous fellow, but it did happen to be his sister's birthday.)The two desserts ordered at our table -- mud pie and marion-berry cobbler, were both a cut above. I didn't sample the mud pie, but it was a very generous size -- enough for two people or one brother-in-law. The cobbler was served in an "individual" pie plate, with the crust overflowing the edges and done just right.The service was solid, with a knowledgeable waitress who was attentive without being pushy. She wasn't as fast as Apolo Anton Ohno, but no one passed out from hunger before the food arrived, and she was working a fairly good area.If you're looking for a decent meal in a pleasant setting with reasonable prices, consider McGrath's. If you're looking for an outstanding fish-house, I know this little place in Palo Alto....
1	This might be the worst food I have ever eaten.At least I didn't get sick.
2	So, shame on me for not taking the reviews of this place seriously and actually suggesting it for lunch today.  It happens to be in a convenient location (in chain restaurant hell off of Stapley and the 60) and we've had drinks there a couple of times.  It's really a pretty restaurant inside....too bad the food doesn't live up to the atmosphere.  They've been advertising $5.99 lunch specials via their email list, so I thought it might be worth a try.  The large  menu seems fairly impressive and includes fresh seafood, fried specialties, pasta, salads and a long list of sandwiches and wraps.  We opted to share the Calamari Salad and the fried  Alaskan Cod/Shrimp/Chicken lunch.  We should have been forewarned when the food suddenly appears within five minutes of ordering.  To put it nicely, the salad just plain sucked.  The menu describes it as a Greek salad....NOT.  Wilted romaine lettuce tossed with some sort of sickeningly sweet poppyseed dressing (WTH?) and a few pieces of calamari on top.  I will say, however, that the tender, non-greasy pieces of calamari are the reason why I'm NOT giving this place one star.  The fried platter was OK...she ate the fish and I ate the shrimp and chicken.  The fries weren't bad...just nothing to write home about and the cole slaw was barely passable.    The service wasn't much better than two stars as well....I mean just because we're drinking H2O with lemon and not having cocktails doesn't mean you can ignore our need for refills. On our last visit we sat at the bar and ordered martinis...I guess that doesn't count.Anyway, we didn't pay for the salad (thank God) and I left starving..it really wasn't even the equivalent of sharing two appetizers since the portions are small to begin with and we weren't inclined to finish either dish.  I'm embarressed to say it, but I'm sure Red Lobster would have been a better option, or, even Long John Silvers for that matter :(
1	We just had the worst dining experience since we have moved here at this place. We had been regularly eating here about once a week, and even recommended it to some friends, however since we first starting frequenting this location, the service and quality of food has been sliding downhill over time. Tonight was the final straw so to speak, we will not return. After having to wait a ridiculous amount of the time while the manager got our table ready (It was not crowded at all, and he could be seen back in the kitchen doing things.) After a ten minute delay, we were finally seated, and we waited, and after about five more minutes we were about to get up and leave when the manager came over to take our drink order. About 7-10 minutes later a waitress finally came to the table, to verify our drink and appetizer order (why?) so we had to wait another couple minutes for our drinks (water.) When the appetizer finally came, my salad and my fiance's clam chowder were on the tray, at which point the waitress asked if we wanted the two items with our appetizer. We said yes, because why would we want to wait when they have already been thawed, and the waitress had already brought them. It was another 10-15 minute wait till out entrees arrived, and mine was not what I ordered. I asked the waitress and she said "Yes that is what you ordered" then backtracked and said she would check with the kitchen. Apparently the manager said it was okay to prepare me the proper order, but I was not notified. So after sitting and waiting another ten or fifteen minutes the waitress came by and asked if I had been told that they were preparing the correct dish. I said no, and she said it would be out soon. The Manager never came by our table, for I think he did not want to hear the complaints since it was obvious we were not happy, especially after all the wait time. Finally about 5 minutes after the waitress informed me that I would get the proper meal, it came out, and was obviously "hurried." We asked for the check, and received yet another ten minute wait, and when we looked at it, I was appalled that we were given no discount whatsoever for the issues. The Manager still never came by our table, and would not even look in our direction. This place is such a disappointment, when we started eating there it was great, well priced, good service, good quality. The last 4-5 times we have been there it has been horrible, and tonight was the worst. I really do hope that the Owner/Managers see my review, for they have lost our business, and we ate there frequently, and we will not continue to tell people to try it.
4	Great sea food. Great fresh oysters. Nice environment.
2	I was so excited when I saw the menu for this place.W walked in and the atmosphere seemed decent too. We started with the onion rings. Fried onions how can this be screwed up? They found a way the bater was flavorless and the onions were just a bit to raw and hard. ($6)We had our included salads and hey were good, just lettuce dressing crutons and the obligatory garnish of cucumber and carrot.I had the MACADAMIA MAHI MAHI $11.99,the price was great, but the execution was anything but, it tasted just like the frozen stuff I can get from the store, the crust was soggy and the fish was over cooked and it did not taste fresh, this is nothing like Roy's version.A family member go the pineapple "shashimi grade" ahi $11.99 This came over cooked despite asking for it seared and and too much of the white sinuous Grissel in it for a "quality" ahi.I really want this place to be good, but it just was not.
3	The food at Mcgrath's is not bad  but I do get the impression that a lot of their food is not very fresh. Ive been there for dinner before and then had their soup and salad lunch as well. The dinners I have had were not memorable (to be honest, I cant remember what I ordered). However, they do have a really good crab and artichoke dip on their appetizer menu. Their sourdough bread that is complimentary is pretty tasty as is their clam chowder. The lunch salad is pretty large too with all the fix-ins along with a large mound of bay shrimp making it above your average side salad. I am a fan of their spicy ranch dressing as well. I did have their apple cobbler once and remember it being one of the best cobblers Ive ever had but that was years ago so who knows what its like now. In any event, I do think some of their food is yummy but the stuff I think is yummy is pretty basic. The service is not very good for a restaurant that has been almost empty each time I have gone there. It seems to take too long to get soup and salad and there have been a few times when our crab dip was completely forgotten and brought out after we received our entrees and were already full. I really want this place to do well because I think they have potential, however, I have a bad feeling that McGraths will eventually be a distant memory. A Sidenote: For the person that said if you like Claim Jumper or Crapper Barrel, you will love this place because its your typical corporate chain. I don't agree with this at all. I love Claim Jumper because the quality is very good, all the food I have had there is beyond average, and the service is always great. Honestly, I am so sick of people dissing on chain restaurants. Obviously, they got something right in the beginning to become so successful and grow so much. Yes, some of these restaurants are lacking in quality now but some, such as the Claim Jumper are going strong. It shouldn't be about whether the restaurant is a chain, it should be about the food! And I have had many good meals at chains: ie Charlestons, OG, and Claim Jumper! The funny thing is that all you chain haters have had at least one meal you enjoyed at a chain restaurant, don't deny it.
2	Finally got to try this place. Was looking for good seafood in the area, and hoping it wasn't overly priced. I was disappointed. My husband got the wood grilled blackened halibut, and it was tiny. It was alright, not good not awful, and overpriced for the size. He came home and ate again. I got the steak and shrimp combo. The NY strip was inedible. 90% grissle, 5% fat, and the rest seemed to be meat. The shrimp skewer was overcooked. They were dry and had very little flavor. I sent the steak back and the replacement one was a bit better, but not enough to make me happier. By the time it arrived everyone else was done their meal.  They didn't offer to take anything off the menu or compensate us in any way for the sad food. My daughter had the chicken tenders and didn't like them either. The breading was very heavy and over done. In all, skip it. Red Lobster would probably have been better and cheaper too. Very disappointed and we won't be back!
1	To be honest, I wish I would have read the reviews online. We were swayed to visit it since there was an hour wait at Charleston and other restaurants in the area. No waiting on a Saturday night should be a clue.When we came in, there was available seating, but were told a 10 minute wait was in order. We were the only one in the lobby. They actually waited until 2 other couples came in before they would seat us and continued to go through this process. Right before we were seated a gentleman and his wife came out and let us know that the food was less than okay. We ignored them, but probably should have listened. When we arrived to our dirty table (the table was sticky) we were given menus by a gal that rushed us down and mumbled someone would serve us. A few minutes later Anita came to help us. The company has a serious issue if all their wait staff is like her.  She dipped her pen in his tea (which had an old flavor to begin with) and similar items. She started off with a bad attitude that was quickly going to get worse. After asking us if this is our first time here and rolling her eyes behind her rimmed glasses she suggested we start with an appetizer since there was a wait before our meal could be cooked. We said okay and asked her to suggest something. So we tried the crab wantons (1/5) based on them being her favorite. Well they were bland cream cheese and a fishy flavor with dough that hadn't properly been used. The plum sauce was inedible and we let her know. She gave us an evil glare and said what should she do about, then quickly changed her tone and suggested the stuffed mushrooms to replace it. Against our better judgment we agreed. She brought us back a tepid temperature side and then left. The dish has slightly better flavor (2/5) but needed a heavy dousing of salt to get much out of it. Finally our salads came out. The tomatoes had spots on them and the lettuce was brown and wilted. (1/5) The ranch was runny and lacked actual seasoning. But the sourdough bread that was included was perhaps tasting brilliant next to the bad items we had enjoyed. (3/5)Finally dinner came. My friend had the fried cod and a side of crab. I in turn had their crab treasure platter. It has Crab Alfredo, Crab Cakes and a Side of Crab according to the menu. Well, they should have left the crab cakes as a singular item. On my friend's plate the crab legs were good (4/5) but the deep fried cod was overly battered and soaked up the grease so when he bit it, there was a squirt of grease that came out . Along with that I sampled a bite of one cod and it left a pool of grease in my mouth. Additionally the flesh was tough and there was absolutely no taste outside of the grease. (1/5)From my plate the snow crab legs were good again (4/5) but the Crab Alfredo literally had no flavor. I took some of the melted butter with a little salt and pepper and found it to be a little more edible at this point (1/5) and the crab cake was actually decent. It had flavor even though it was slightly burned. (2/5)The waitress did her best to get us out the door and was very cold in the process.Overall the experience was bad, the staff was very rude and we are certain to never come back here. For $50 we could have had a nice time at Red Lobster where the food isn't as bad and we've never had a bad experience at.
4	Went here with the family for dinner, even though it was the first friday of lent they got us in pretty quick. The combos appetiser was on the small side but our salads were fresh and everything came quickly. Food was pretty good, good prices for seafood, seafood jambalaya was yummy. Would come again as a alternate to red lobster.
2	A few weeks ago my lunch was bland & tasteless so I decided to give them another chance today. Seating was very quick; they aren't crowded at lunch. Wait staff took my order of grilled salmon, veggies, salad and one side dish.  I chose coleslaw and WOW--- all hell broke out!!  "You can't have a coleslaw because it comes with a vegetable." OMG!! Call Mrs Obama & the White House veggie garden to my rescue. Calmly I pointed to the coleslaw on the list of approved side dishes. After a 20 minute wait the salad & bread were served. Then within 3 minutes my main dish was brought out. There is no coleslaw. Round 2: Where is my coleslaw? Can't a girl get a coleslaw around here? The reply was" oh, yes, another vegetable."  It took another 5 minutes to get my coleslaw. Yes, I kept checking my watch. Just wondering if the cabbage could be shipped from Australia or Chile  faster. Wood fired grilled salmon was tasty, broccoli & carrots were still firm, not overcooked, bread was warm & salad was ok. Coleslaw with a few shredded carrots on top was just bland and had little flavor; it really needed some spices to give it a kick.
1	Not busy at all but took nearly 45 min to get our meal.  Ordered the trout and was shocked to see lots and lots of bones. Hmmmmm. Well asked the waitress about it and she said "they try the best they can"  hmmmmmm isn't this a "fish" restaurant? They comped the trout but still not sure I would go back.
1	Would not recommend this place  to anyone seeking good seafood. We started with crab cakes that were sub par. My husband's steak and prawns were weak. The steak was not sirloin quality and the shrimp smelled and tasted badly. The manager was kind enough to knock off about $8 for his meal, but the plate was so bad the entire entree should have been deducted. My snow crab legs were good, but the side veggies were not. They had a strange lemon flavor which doesn't normally accompany green beans and zucchini - which was over cooked. Squishy zucchini is never good. Overall our only positives were the side salads. The restaurant itself is also very dark, the lights never seemed to get brighter. Our server was pleasant but very slow. The place was not that busy so we are still not sure what took so long for the food and check to arrive. We won't be returning.
3	***This location is closed***Received a gift card from Mcgraths after they had seen my previous review. I actually was surprised because I didnt really give them that bad a review compared to some of the others that were posted. In any event, I though it was cool that they were willing to give me a free meal. So I went to use my card at lunch one day and was disappointed to find that this location is "closed for good" as I was told by a woman who I guess was an employee? I am actually a bit disapointed because McGraths had a great soup and salad lunch. Not sure if there are other locations where I can use this gift card...
1	It's closed.
