5	A lot of ladies I know have been trying to find good OBGYNs for a while, so I'm sure there are many more searching as well. So, I present for your consideration Dr. Gatlin. DISCLAIMER: Dr. Gatlin is a man, so if you're weirded out by a male OBGYN, he is not for you. First, it's super easy to get an appointment. I've been able to call on a Thursday and book an appointment for Monday. Sometimes, there can be a bit of a wait once you've been deposited in the exam room, but nothing out of the ordinary. Second, Dr. Gatlin seems to have an understanding of how awkward a lady feels during that visit; he makes light small talk and refers to the visit as my "10000 mile checkup", which I find funny :) Third, he's not one to generalize experiences or be alarmist. He wants to work with you and do the best thing for you, even if it might not have worked for someone else. Very solution-based, which I love. He is the only doctor I've seen that hasn't freaked out about how long I've been on my BC and demanded I stop using it immediately. It works for me, he checked for risk factors and then gave me the green light to continue for a period of time. Amazing. Last, exams are quick and easy!The office staff can be a bit...scatterbrained. But if that's the price I pay for an excellent doctor, no problem!Tip: There's a Walgreen's in the same parking lot, so filling prescriptions is easy.
5	Dr Gatlin is a wonderful doctor.  I do a lot of research before I go to any physician and I can say that his experience shows in his work.  I started seeing him through a recommendation of a friend over 5 years ago.  He has his resume posted in the office - its pretty impressive.  I have never had to wait more than 5-10 minutes to see him and even when he his running very behind the office will call and let you know that morning so that they can reschedule you that week.  I trust his medical opinion and I would never want to go to anyone else.  I recently moved out of town and I am not looking forward to finding another doctor!
1	Well, I have no idea if Dr. Gatlin is a good doctor or not...I couldn't even get that far. The reception desk is a complete mess of confusion and chaos!!! I made an appointment, it took 20 minutes, she was new, ok no prob, I get it...not a huge deal, I was patient.  But I had questions and was told I would get a phone call back within two days from a nurse.  Never got one.  So I called back, was told the same thing. Called again, left a message, never got a call back.  I attempted three times to simply get a few questions answered. How pathetic!  Dr. Gatlin should consider re-staffing because it made him look really bad. I cancelled my appointment and went elsewhere!  What a waste of time!
2	I didn't really care for this practice from the beginning but decided to continue seeing Dr. Gatlin throughout my pregnancy because it was in an extremely convenient location for me.The nurse, Karen, can be very rude or she can be really sweet and nice. It depends on the day I guess. They allow you access to your medical record online and I myself spotted an abnormal result they failed to catch. It was something that potentially could have caused complications. I notified Karen and that is the first time she was rude to me. She can be very condescending and she lacks tact. However, next time I went into the office she was sweet as pie. From my first appointment I brought up my interest in VBAC to Dr. Gatlin who told me we would talk about it when I was closer to my due date. He didn't entertain a conversation about it until it was too late to find another doctor and that is when he informed me that I HAD to have a repeat c-section because hospital policy that the physician must be present at the hospital throughout the entire labor in the event if VBAC. Overall I never felt my questions were addressed and I felt rushed every appointment. He has an arrogance about him that is unsettling as well.When I finally had my c-section he told me we would schedule it first thing in the morning so I can possibly have something to eat that afternoon. I had my daughter at 8 am after fasting and he didn't bother to even ok food untill late evening the next day. I called his office and again Karen was very rude. Even the nurses and cafeteria lady felt bad and said most doctors ok regular diet same day if there are no issues. I will not see this doctor again. I was very upset with my experience with this office and will not settle for convenience next time.
1	Waited an hour as a new patient even when told to come 30 minutes early... About three women were taken back before me. Every station or room I went I waited even longer. And not only that but the nurses were condescending and also a little strange. By the time I saw Dr. Gatlin it had been two hours since I arrived. As a new patient is this how you want me to remember your office?
5	I have been a patient of Dr. Gatlin for the past 6 years.  I have never had to wait more than 10 minutes to see the Doctor.  I find the front office ladies to be very kind and very organized.  Nurse Karen has never been rude to me.  She has called me back every time I have left a message.  Dr. Gatlin is gentle, thoughtful and always makes me laugh.  His concern about health care in general is extremely sincere.  I have never had a problem talking to and understanding the front office ladies.  Dr. Gatlin and his staff has always made me feel very much a part of their "family" and I have never had one bad experience.  Perhaps those who have criticized the doctor and his staff on Yelp are a little to "high maintenance."  This is a busy doctor but takes time with each patient to answer questions and discuss any problems.  If you want a truly caring doctor, please make an appointment to see Dr. Gatlin.  You will find him and the staff to be very pleasant.
1	this Dr's office is a joke they have no compassion what so ever towards the health and care of patients.. The dr himself is and A$$hole and his medical staff is full of morons. This guy only wants money money money. They make you pay for test results and then make you wait a week or more over what you were supposed to just to get them.  So ladies be aware this office could give a F@ck less about you or your health or the health of your baby..
1	This doctor just wants your $$$$.  He suggested to do a D&C and uterine ablation for my excessive bleeding; check out it will cost me $1500+ decided to get a 2nd opinion. Realized this dr sucks your money in addition, they charged you $49 no show, crap!  I did not get any reminder and the manager is rude, she said they there computer is down.....how is computer down I guess they not paying they bills or they system sucks!.  My advise DO NOT go to this Doctor!   BTW, you need to in-charge of your health!  if you are not sure, get a 2nd or 3rd opinion!  My current doctor is nice and she save me $$$ and she give me hope to have a children later on.
1	Had an appt with this DR. This past Tuesday.   Awful, awful.   First of all the appt was wrong ( according to the front office personnel).   I was made to wait  30 minutes before I asked about my appt time. And was told I had the wrong time.  Finally called back and then made to wait another 20 minutes, while sitting with my paper gown on.   So, keep in mind I have been going to this dr for over 25 years.   Exam by the dr actually hurt, I know this exam can be uncomfortable but not hurt!  Then we go to blood being drawn,  and possibly changing up meds.  Drop off new temporary script, and pharmacy notices the script is completely different and questions it.   Calls the dr office to be told by staff, we are to busy right now.  Call back later.  Really???   So by Thursday, pharmacy has sent numerous fax and email to which were not answered.  So, I call dr office and of course told they never received anything and have not spoken with  pharmacy.  I was there when pharmacy called.  Ok, by this time my patience is gone.  I explain I'm tired of the incompetence of the personnel and I want my scripts ok'd and faxed.    Or yes I would be showing up in the f'ing office, yes I said that.  Which when I got a call back from "assistant mgr" my scripts would be filled a n d  IM BEING dropped.  Seriously????   Would seem woman on the phone with me embellished on our conversation .     My advice, stay from this dr and his practice- the office personnel are very rude, he rushes when examining you, causing pain and he can no longer write a accurate script.    So, maybe a good thing, going to find a new doc after all these years, because obviously Dr. Gatlin cares nothing about his patients even ones that have stuck with him for a long time.
1	I stopped seeing Dr. Gatlin about 9 years ago.... I went to him when I first needed an OBGYN and the start of birth control and used him as a doctor since my mom was also a patient of his. The only thing Dr. Gatlin was "good" at was talking about his vacations while doing my examinations. I always had heavy periods and pain in my lower pelvis. He must have switched my birth control 9 times instead of running any kinds of tests to see if there were any other problems besides the birth control. As for his staff at that time... Very rude and difficult to work with (doesn't sound like much has changed). One night I became very ill and was having sever pains in my lower pelvic area. My dad rushed me to his office the next day and Dr. Gatlin said he didn't know what it was from and to take me to a hospital. So that's what my dad did. Come to find out that my gallbladder had burst and I was rushed into surgery. Now, this may not seem like a gynecological issue, but after many visits back to Gatlins with aching pain still in my pelvic region, he once again changed the birth control without checking for anything more serious. After many years of seeing him I realized I deserved better as a patient and needed to know what was wrong. I sought out Dr. Warren Volkar. He is amazing!!! He actually listened to me. After listening to some of my symptoms he started me on Elmiron for Interstitial Cystitis of the bladder and said we'd have to do an endoscopic surgery and that was the best route to see what was really wrong. Dr. Volkar found that I had the beginning of endometriosis and was 100% correct on the IC. If Gatlin had just listened to me then maybe he could have saved me the pain of 4 more surgeries and many cysts... Obviously, endometriosis isn't curable, but having a doctor who listened and was able to get me on the right meds and get out the starting of endometriosis would have been nice.  I have to say that his staff was always a pain to work with and to even make a simple phone call turned into an hour of waiting and talking to multiple people and having to explain yourself all over again. My mom saw Gatlin for over 25 years and because of an employee completely embellishing what was said and played the "telephone game" to multiple staff and nurse members they decided to drop her as a patient. Over 25 YEARS OF LOYALTY to this man and he drops her? Gatlin messed up my mothers medication more than I can even speak of. Her hormone cream was off for months because of his lack of HEARING. Even her pharmacy made many comments time and time again about how hard it was to work with this Gatlins office and it was never that hard, but Gatlins staff sure made it difficult. If you want to spend your time wasted on a doctor that needs to RETIRE then be my guest... Just know that you'll never know if you'll get the "nice" staff or "my life is hell staff". You will also probably never know if this "doctor" is taking THE BEST CARE OF YOU, WHICH IS WHAT YOU DESERVE. Like I said, time for retirement.
