3	Ochoa's is a Casa Grande standard that's well-known to locals and impossible to find to out-of-towners. It's not really near any other restaurant clusters in town such as you find on Florence or Pinal.The food is good, the service is adequate, and it's not that much more expensive than fast food. The refried beans are excellent (people come by and order them to-go) and the family that runs the place is known for their tamales.One thing I've always noticed here is that, like pretty much everything else in Arizona, the temperature is always about 10 degrees warmer than I'd prefer, being a Michigan boy. If you want some good food cheap, and don't mind eating in a balmy 80 degree dining room, check it out.
4	Seeing as how I've been here multiple times, the only rating that seems fitting is the four star 'yay! I'm a fan' rating.  In their adherence to regional style (sonoran style cuisine), Ochoa's par for the course.  Decent-to-good red chile, good enchilada sauce, super-econo lunch special (not plural).Their lunch special consists of a choice of three items from the usual list of suspects: cheese enchilada, tostada, taco (soft or crispy), tamale, rice or beans.  I think there are a few other choices.  What's nice is you can simply get three tacos and no rice or beans, if you're not one to eat rice and beans.  Or you can get two cheese enchiladas and rice.  Whatever.  The lunch special will run you about $6 plus a drink.In terms of location, good luck finding this place if you're not from the area.  Atmosphere?  It's a dive, no bells or whistles.  Both of these aspects are major pluses in my book.  Also, anytime I've been here the service is fast.  I've had my meal within ten minutes (or less) from the time I've ordered it.  And it's been served with the cliche' adage, "These plates are hot so be careful."On the down side, the salsa is hit or miss.  There have been a couple times when I've been there when the salsa tasted like it could have been expired.  Then again, I went the other day and it was fresh.  You'll be able to tell.  It hasn't stopped me from returning.Now then, if it's just you and an acquaintance and you want to try a spot that is 'authentic' and low key, this is the place.  If you're looking for someplace a little bit nicer with marginally upscale entrees, this ain't it.  For me, Garcia's (the chain) vs. Ochoa's.....Ochoa's.  However, Ochoa's vs. Carolina's,...pssshh, Carolina's.
3	We drive down to C.G. twice a month for business, and always stop at Ochoa's. Old school all the way, but the food is always tasty, and consistent.  The tamales are fantastic. Home made and definitely a favorite.  The chip bowl is too small, and the dip is hot sauce - no salsa.  But the hot sauce is very good and spicy...  The cheese crisp is a folded soft one.   I wish it was crispy.  Always good service.
5	Best mexican food in Casa Grande...and better than anything I've had in Phoenix.  Authentic, delicious food at VERY reasonable prices.  Not fancy, no BS.  Five stars.
4	I don't care about putting mileage on my car to visit this place at least once a month. The food is that good. Now, one would think that since I'm from Tucson, there should be good mexican food right? There are, but not as good as Ochoa's! For me, It's all about the Tacos. Ground beef tacos (crunchy shell) with a side of rice, and cherry RC to drink. It's bliss. The ground beef is well seasoned and I have yet to come across a place that offers well seasoned meat that can be found at Ochoa's. The rice is perfectly cooked and has the right amount of salt. (Not hard and no flavor like many places offer) I give four stars as sometimes the servers being helpful or attentive is spotty.
1	This place is disgusting!!!! The food is not appetizing at all, I was not happy with anything from this place. The service was horrible. I'm surprised they're still open. Definitively NOT coming back here
4	"OK, even with the good and bad reviews, let's try it."  It was exceptional. So far it was the best shredded beef chimichanga I have had in Casa Grande. Beautifully prepared filled to capacity with beef.  On the plate a pile of guacamole, sour cream and lettuce.  Mrs had 3 tostadas,  also presented very well.  She brought home 2 of them.  Extremely quick service with a well trained happy waitress.  Small bowl of chips was replenished when empty. Salsa was really sauce in a catsup squeeze bottle- a little odd, but OK. All in all a very pleasant experience at a very reasonable price.  We'll return
5	Are their refried beans still outstanding?   I haven't been in years but they are still my favorite.   Who will send me some!?
