5	I visited Zen Medicinals recently looking for some assistance with some chronic leg pain.  This was something I'd been dealing with for awhile, per a suggestion I went to see Dr. Ramsey. I'd never seen an acupuncturist and didn't know what to expect, I was pleasantly surprised. After a thorough consultation he began the treatment. The issues I was experiencing prior to my visit have not returned, thanks again.
5	Muki truly knows medicine.  I've been seeing him for years now with great success.  He puts you at ease with every visit.Amy, RN
5	I went to see Muki because a friend recommended that I see him and learn more about acupuncture as I was one big skeptic and a strong believer in Western medicine.  Got a cold see the doctor and get a pill.I have to say I was impressed when I went to Muki's office after a long day in at my office.  I immediately felt the calmness of his office the second I walked in. The music was nice and his staff was very friendly and quick to make me feel welcome.  Like his video stated Muki spent an hour learning everything about ME and it was nice to be able to just talk and have some listen for once. Muki was patient and answered all my questions about acupuncture and he addressed my concerns.  I felt comfortable enough that I allowed Muki to work on me and do a little stress relief.  Boy was I shocked how painless and fast I felt completely relaxed.  The needles did not hurt and feeling the energy going through my body made me an instant believer.  The part I love the most was at the end, Muki did an amazing massage on my upper back that I had never experienced before and I would recommend asking for it if your next visit!Muki made a believer out of me and I will be back!
5	Muki Ramsey is incredible at what he does.  I highly recommend acupuncture and Muki's skills on a regular basis.  He has helped me unbelievably with stress relief and back pain.  Even in tough economic times I cannot give up Muki's acupuncture treatments as I believe his treatments help my body/mind manage stress and as well keep  me in balance while I try to get 2 businesses off the ground.  I believe Muki's treatments keep my mind and body healthy from disease and other illnesses by boosting my immune system and releasing stress I know I put on myself daily.  Thank you Muki for all you do and your incredible ability to create health.
5	I went to Zen Medicinals after a friend recommended I try acupuncture for some chronic shoulder pain I was experiencing. In less than 3 months, I've been pain free for days, then weeks on end. What a relief. Doctor Ramsey also recommended some natural seratonin because I was experiencing sleepless nights & emotional moodiness due to menopause. I sleep much better now & my emotions are definitely much more even keeled. I can highly recommend Muki as a healthcare practitioner. I am overjoyed with the results I've experienced in such a short period.
5	Best acupuncture we have had.  Calm, soothing, pleasant environment in a convenient location.  Muki is an incredibly compassionate and professional practitioner who takes his time to get to know his patients and their needs and works to solve their health issues.  We were both very impressed by and pleased with his treatments and his kindness.  You will be well-served if you give him your business!
