5	For years I've been the kind of skint hair chick who uses a different hairdresser each time, looking out for deals and acting as a model often in order to avail of good value options. When the time came to get a grown up hair consultation, I turned to Medusa (based on great reviews of their colour technicans on other sites) and I've not looked back. My stylist is Kym (who is a Creative Director) and I can't recommend her highly enough. Her  colour expertise and the way she cuts and blow dries my hair is superb, she offers straight up advice and is never pushy with add ons or products. I'm going from black to a much lighter shade in stages, and feel confident with each step we take. The environment is fresh, friendly and not overly 'hairdressy'. No-one has asked me where I'm going on holiday. I love coming here, they are flexible, friendly, professional and serve coffee, tea by the plenty. They are very flexible with timecales, which suits me as I'm always running and busy. I've often got an appointment at short notice, and I'm confident they'll do their best to fit me in whenever I call. The icing on the cake? Coco the mini French Bulldog who sometimes hangs out in the shop. Cute as anything!
4	I have been on a quest to find my Edinburgh hair place. The place to go where you have faith that nothing will go wrong. It's been difficult to find my perfect hair stylist match!Well, I went to Medusa last Wednesday morning, and nothing went wrong! It has been my first Edinburgh hair experience where I expect I will return to the same stylist. I had Shannon, she was really easy to get along with, and listened well to what I wanted. I got highlights/cut done, and she did a fantastic job for both. I would highly recommend her.Really pleased with the salon. It was no fuss. Nothing extravagant, just a good place! Oh, p.s students! If you have a snapfax its 40% off, or 20% off without the snapfax. Such a great deal!
5	My fav sylist Jill moved to this branch a few months ago & I followed her. Last time she cut my hair the morning of a friend's wedding & when it was done, styled it into a fab up-do with the hair band I'd taken along. It looked great & I felt a million dollars. The do stayed up all day & all night & survived the ceilidh & disco dancing, obligitatory drunken stumbling in huge heels & I was sad to take it down before bed. This time I was feeling brave & in need of a change. "I want to chop it all off", I said. "How short?" she asked. "Well, I need your advice.." I said. And advise me she did. We discussed a few options. The pros & cons of each. My reasons for wanting to go short, my expectations of how to care for each style, how each would look as it grew out. Things I hadn't even thought off. "are you sure?" She asked...... I was. She snipped & chopped. Then there was a huge pile of hair on the floor. I gulped. I looked in the mirror. Jill had worked her magic once more.
5	This place was excellent. Not only was the stylist totally cool, but worked around my OCD and cut my hair perfectly. I went from an almost shoulder length bob to a very short asymmetrical hair style. It was fantastic. The salon was clean, the coffee was good, they had a fabulous product wall... Really I couldn't be happier.
5	I travel all the way from Aberdeen to get my hair done at this salon! I get my hair dyed blonde and cut by Kirsty who I have been going to for years!!! As a blonde, it can be hard to get the colour right unless I go to Kirsty who always gets it spot on and my colour is always commented on for how fresh it looks. (I hate yellow looking blonde!!!) Kirsty is a colour specialist and in the past she even died my hair from blonde to black to blonde again. She knows her stuff. My hair is in great condition because of her knowledge! I highly recommend her! Thanks Medusa!! And thank you Kirsty!!! Xx
