5	These guys have taken care of my English Setter since he was eight weeks old, fresh off the plane from Minneapolis. They always take such good care of him, know him by name and by temperament, and have been remarkably patient with all my first dog owner anxieties.They've got four vets on staff, all of whom are great, and Bob and the rest of the people at the front desk are wonderful as well. What's more, they're inside my closest PetSmart, which also provides training classes and grooming services. I've done it all with them - very convenient.
1	Banfield is okay for routine check ups for maintenance and preventive care. That is why they offer a "wellness plan". When it comes to your animal getting sick, I would go elsewhere. It should not be called a hospital. The doctors are there for profit only and do not show any care for your pet. The vet techs care, but the doctors don't listen to them. This place is lacking ethics when it comes down to making important decisions when it comes to your pets health.
5	Love Banfield!! I've been coming here since I adopted my bundle of joy last February. Staff is very friendly, and I'm usually in and out of appointments fairly quickly. Everyone is really loving and gentle with the animals here as well. Facilities are always very clean!
1	I took my puppy to this Banfield a couple months ago. The whole experience was bad.  They made us wait almost one hour ( I had an appointment), then a lady doctor showed up. She was nice but not reliable enough. Everything she said was like she was reading a text book. Their vet tech woman promised to call me later the day or next morning about dental inquiry, but she never called me. Now I found a nice vet and started taking my dog to her.
5	We just had an amazing experience in a very tough situation at this Banfield. We had a small puppy with issues that we were not sure could be resolved. After much checking with many area vets we came back to Banfield because of the caring and compassion of the staff and especially Dr. Schnier. She was wonderful with me and my husband and our dear little puppy.
5	Dr. Schnier and this Banfield team are the greatest. They've cared for my  yorkies for a long time.  We just recently lost our Bailey, and we had to bring her remains  into Banfield.  Dr. Schnier came in on her day off, just to share in our grief.  This meant the world to us. Every single one of the Banfield staff is  caring and compassionate, and they have always made me feel like my dogs are special.Thank you each and every one of you.
5	I highly recommend this vet. The staff and vet is great and they actually genuinely care about you and your pet. In August I had to do the unfortunate thing of putting down my 16 year old dog. They make sure to do everything they can to make it as comfortable as it can be and allow you to come in the back instead of walking through the front door of the store. They also respect the time you need with your pet. They also took the time to send me a sympathy card that was signed by everyone in the office, which I really appreciated.
