5	One of the best Thai restaurants that we have ever tried.Current favorites include:- Duck Fried Rice .. sooooo delicious- Duck Salad- Duck with Basil (Is there a pattern here?)- Panang style chicken Curry - Massaman style Chicken curryGranted, we haven't tried the majority of the dishes that they serve, but we've definitely enjoyed everything that we have tried so far.The staff has been very very friendly every time that we have visited them, sure, that's what Thai folks are known for, their friendliness, but these guys are even friendlier than most.  A definite must-try.Edit - After a recent re-visitand the great experience we had there with the incredibly friendly staff and the consistently great food I decided to bump up my rating to 4.5*
5	I can't believe it took me over a year to try this place since its so close to my apartment.  I've managed to go there 4 times in the last month!  Good stuff.  Just a warning to you all...level 5 spice is nothing to mess with...the tom yum gun soup was ridiculously hot!!!!My wife always goes with one of the shrimp curries.  I've gone all noodle with everything being awesome.  I would imagine karaoke would be pretty fun(ny) here.
2	i'd like to say that i am a seasoned thai food eater, and i think this place is very mediocre and expensive for what it is. i ordered beef pad thai and chicken panang curry, very simple, basic dishes to test. the portions were small, and as far as taste....i was not at all impressed. pad thai noodles were dry, and the curry had nothing but dry chicken pieces and the curry broth...no vegetablesi ordered over the phone for delivery, and after tip came out to be just under $30 for the 2 dishes. the only thing to their credit is that the lady on the phone and delivery driver were very nice.oh and they did not have masaman curry, which i was disappointed with as well.
4	The Pad Thai here is addicting! It's a really great dish here. However, the portions are very small. They use thinner noodles than most pad thais use. Their green curry is also very good but the meat is a tad on the dry side. The papaya salad was just alright though, the portion was very very small. I've been here two times and haven't been disappointed. Our server lady was very pleasant.
3	Very mediocre and overpriced Thai cuisine, in my opinion. Tried it because my friend lives near-by and because I'm always game for trying a new Thai place! I love Thai cuisine and have a few staples that I order at every new place I try to see how these compare--well Krung Thai fell right in the average range. Tom Kha Kai soup was tasty, but duck dish seemed heated in a microwave, was unusually greasy and even a bit cold on edges. Unacceptable. Other tried meat dishes were nothing spectacular, just edible. I did enjoy the "cheesy, hole-in-a-wall" atmosphere and service was timely, but not spectacular by any means. Had to wait for my water to be refilled once for quite a while...The worst part about this restaurant are the prices. I found most to be overpriced, especially since portion sizes are rather small. I also did not like the "fast-food-like" menus with pictures. I thought that too many "Chinese-inspired" foods were offered, and not enough Thai dishes were present. I may come back here to try it again since my friend lives near-by, but only for this reason. I would not recommend this place unless you are in the general vicinity and don' t mind paying top dollar for mediocre food.
2	I was trying to hit up Byblos Cafe today, but apparently they are closed for remodeling, so I decided to try Krung Thai for lunch, as I've always heard about it.Iryne B's review is spot on:MediocreOverpricedSmall portionsI ordered mixed veggies with tofu and hot tea - $11.50?  WTF?  I wouldn't have minded so much if there was something to take away, but there the portion was so small, I'm still hungry.  That sucks.  There are any number of better thai places than this.
3	Hmmm... This place seems to be hit or miss for most of my friends...in that I think its mostly a miss and they think its a hit!  I love thai, so I must admit they have some good stuff but I've had better for far less. This place is expensive and that takes away from a lot that they try to do. There is random karaoke here which is cool, and they play sports when they can on the tv's... but then again it's all about the food, right?CLIFFNOTES: Its open late (big plus) so try if there's no Lotus of Siam in your plans.
1	Stay away!!Stay Away!!The waitress gave us two bottled water which you have to pay when we asked just water only for drinks. Thai food is usually spicy, you need to drink plenty of water to wash down the spicyness, right? I guess they found a way to gouge you. The biggest insult of this place was they asked to see my ID when I gave them my credit card. That is my first and only ID-check ever in a restaurant.By the way, this happened to us about 2 years ago. We have not even been to that shopping center for anything because of the bad memory.
1	I used to like this place and my favorite was the Thai Beef Jerkey and especially the sauce that came with it! My last encounter at Krung Thai wasa couple of years ago and there was a big piece of broken glass in my soup! WTF?!!?? When we confronted the manager and the crazy waitress they felt no remorse!So goodbye or laa korn Krung Thai!
3	pretty good... shrimp fried rice was excellent, nice wok-y onion flavor, n very good red penang curry. one of the best red currys ive had. i would like to try more to see if i can give them more stars!their business is super slow during lunch, but service is fast... cant wait to go back for dinner. but i will be prepared to pay. i do think it is a little expensive... for shrimp fried rice and penang chicken curry & 1 thai iced coffee the bill came to $26, so i left $30.i have been to lotus of siam which is like sooooo popular here, but i think that place is over rated. ya the food is good, but when i eat there im on the toilet half the night with a sour tummy sooooo that tells me theyre not very clean.this place on the other hand... no tummy aches :) price sucks, food is good. its satisfying.
2	I love Thai and know Thai food well and this place is ok. I love the nightly karaoke Which I have witnessed every time I'm  in town.  The service is great!! Ladies are always nice and attentive. The food is ehhh for thai but not outstanding.  I am always a little nervous when there is a chinese menu next to the thai menu at any restaurant, so this was not surprise but I do like their hot pot Tom Yum Kai which makes everything better.   This place is really best for its ambience and karaoke with all the vegas/sinatra songs vis a vis the customers and the DJ.
1	food is good,....service is whatevers....prices WAAY too high! their portions used to be much bigger! i've been going to krung thai for about 6 years now, and they have evolved but now they hussle you! they even make you pay for water which is ILLEGAL!! i didn't want to say anything because my girlfriend loves the food and i didn't want to make a big deal of it but....seriously, i don't like coming here anymore. It used to be fun with the karaoke and all..but it's just too expensive now, especially for the smaller portions and higher prices, and hussle type enviroment.  And just to let anyone know, when they ask you what you want to drink and if you decide water, make sure if you decide to tell them just a glass of water with ice that they don't charge you. And the owner is a bad singer!! YUCK! get over yourself you old pervert! i was there one night and after i sang a song on stage, he came down and started touching my shoulders and kept on frequenting my table even when my boyfriend was with me!!
4	I appreciate that this is open late for swing shift people like us to be able to grab eats. I haven't gotten bad service or food here, but some of the previous reviews are a put off. I havent ever bought my water but then again I usually ask for a Thai Ice Tea first and they give me a complimentary glass....I guess they don't want to give anything "free" to drink. Been here quite a few times over the past two years, last visit was a few months ago. I particularly like their beef jerky here, its always nicely marinated and flavored. Massaman here was good though my BF likes their panang style curry better. I like their Pad See Ew here. Have had a few dishes, but their menu is fairly big so havent made much of a dent. Portions are okay sized though its priced a bit higher than most Thai places. Not ridiculously so, but still noticeable. Service even though we are one of maybe 2-3 late night people or even sometimes the only late night diners can be hit and miss. There are times they check on us often and such then there are times they are somewhere... It is a decent spot for late night hungries like us and I can't knock em for making beef jerky the way it should be. I appreciate too that it's quiet here as most late night Thai tend to want to be a kareoke/bar/restaurant at night.
5	A hidden gem, this is by far my favorite thai restaurant.  And their menu is huge so I can't even begin!  I absolutely love their glass noodle soup...with small pieces of tofu, cabbage, green onion and little pork meat balls...Mmmmm mmmm mmmm!  Rad nah is great...so is their shrimp clay pot with glass noodles.  But my favorite????  Their pad thai is AMAZING!  Different than the pad thai I have had most places, they use thinner noodles with slivers of chewy tofu and your choice of meat!  And heat fiends beware! I love spicy food and their 3 (scale of 1-5) is pretty damn hot!  But the food is excellent and the servers are great.  When I come in, they great me by name and ask if I even need a menu.  LOL
4	This is always a great place for some thai as a backup.  My wife and I have been going here about once every 2-3 months for the last 5 years.  They've gone through a little bit of inconsistencies in food quality in the past, but in the last year or so it's been pretty good.LOVE the yellow curry chicken.
5	I live around the corner from this place. It's 10pm now and I just called and asked if they would still deliver and she's like YUP, SURE NO PROBLEM WE CAN ARRANGE THAT! Hahaha I love this place. They're so friendly and eager to serve you. I love everything that I've tried but specifically the TOM YUM KAI Chicken soup is deliciously off the hook. So is any of their beef and broccoli dishes. I wish some of the portions were bigger, but then again I'm a glutton so I'm sure maybe I should just eat less... :PAnyway it's a fun place to eat in, and they're awesome so check them out!
5	My dad insisted on going to this place after seeing it advertise in the Thai newspaper for months. so we went and the guy from the newspaper came out and served us it was the owner. Watching him work and how he cared about his place was very refreshing. the food is as good or if not better than the ones in Thai town. bring your friends for karaoke and party atmosphere at night..
4	Great service. Food is good, but you would be wise to be knowledgeable in Thai food to know what to get, since the descriptions won't really paint the whole picture. Great place overall, great service. Will definitely return!
5	www.krungthaivideo.infoI had the chicken pad thai and ice coffee, enjoyed everything. The manager will sing at your request, or invite you to sing during their nightly karaoke around 8PM nightly.  Looking forward to singing a Frank Sinatra medley on my next visit.  They are group friendly.
4	This comes across as a pretty standard Thai food place but with one exception - Crab Fried Rice.Wow. Have I just never tried Crab Fried Rice before? I was blown away. At Krung Thai, they give you a good heaping of crab meat on top of and mixed in with the fried rice. I could eat that all day. Yum Yum Yum. OK it's admittedly a little salty, but still.Everything else we had was pretty good.* Chicken Satay - pretty standard* Fried Squid - very hot and surprisingly delicious on the inside* Pad Thai - I actually haven't had Pad Thai in a long time, but this was pretty good* Chicken Penang - Not my favorite, but good* Krung Thai Noodles - A little salty and nothing amazing* Crab Fried Rice - O M GBTW, I only found out about this place because my cousins were singing Christmas songs there one night. When they told me Krung Thai, I thought they meant Krung Siam. I haven't tried KS, but I'm so glad I discovered Crab Fried Rice at KT.3 stars with a CFR kicker = 4 stars
4	I've been looking for a really good Bangkok style Thai restaurant after losing my favorite one in Vegas, and I think I have finally found it.  This is your typical hole in the wall Thai restaurant with karaoke.  The place was just about empty when I arrived in the late afternoon on a Sunday.  This was no indication of how the food would be though.  I actually quite enjoyed it!  I ordered the Crab Fried Rice ($12.99), Chicken Panang ($9.99) and had a taste of the Pad See Ew ($8.00). The Chicken Panang was an excellent balance between flavor and sweetness.  I've discovered a trick with the sweeter curries like Panang - order them on the spicy side to offset the sweetness.  This Panang wasn't too sweet for me, but it could be if you are picky about that.  The one thing that I think could be improved is to add bell peppers or potatoes or something to the Panang.  It was only curry and chicken!  Thanks to Jade for recommending this one.The Crab Fried Rice was wonderful, and thanks to Paolo for recommending it.  The rice is light and fluffy.  The crab is fresher than canned crab, and was very tasty.  With a little drop of fish sauce, I adored every bite.The Pad See Ew is good, although not the flavor style that I prefer.  This one is a bit more "saucy".   I prefer it to be "smoky", but it was still very good.  The Chinese broccoli had the flavor of the noodles cooked into it, which is good (although I love the flavor of Chinese broccoli alone as well).  Updates:The chu che with shrimp was exceedingly good.  I can't recall the price, but it was a little bit high (but worth the money).  Unlike the chu che I have had elsewhere, this is more of a curry paste.  I can't describe the beauty this dish had when lightly mixed in with the crab fried rice.  The portion was a little bit small, but the shrimp were big and very juicy, way tastier than your average shrimp at seafood restaurants.    The green curry with shrimp ($12.99) was an amazing green curry.  I knew it was going to be good when Matt told me this place was a favorite of his.  It came with bell peppers, and lots of bamboo.  The curry was in texture (Bangkok style), and had a wonderfully strong taste with a perfect spice level (ordered it with medium heat).  The flavor was very unique, with a just a pinch of sweetness to it.  This is probably the second best green curry I have had (with the first best being impossible to get any more).  Pad gra pow gai (gai for chicken) is a ground up meat dish with a light chili paste, and peppers on top.  This went extremely well with my green curry, so much in fact that I couldn't wait to get to a computer and review it.  The chili paste was excellently prepared, and with the green curry, finally brought back that taste of Bangkok that I've been looking for.  The downside of this place is mentioned in other reviews, and that is it tends to be a couple of dollars more expensive than your average Thai restaurant.  Well, guess what, you get what you pay for.  The more expensive items on the menu are the seafood items, but the shrimp and crab meat that they use is a higher quality than most Thai restaurants.  So, stop complaining about the price. ;-P
3	Standard Thai Fare, nice service and food. Krung Thai isn't much to look at from outside. It looks vacant and dark. Kinda looks the same from the inside. The service is friendly and helpful. We ordered the pork pad thai and yellow curry with chicken. Both were satisfying and had just the right amount of spice. The thai tea is subtle and not too sweet. Just the way I like it.As many other Yelpers have said in previous reviews, the prices are only slightly higher than most other Thai restaurants in town. Nothing too horrible, but noticeable. I wish they were a little more generous with the rice. They give  you a very small scoop to go with your dish. I like rice, and lots of it.Very happy with the food here, just a few upgrades and it would definitely be a 4 star review all the way. I can never resist Thai food. I look forward to trying more dishes here, especially their soups, noodles and curries.
4	The curry and pad thai were excellent. I might up the spicy level for my next trip. I err on the conservative side on my first visit usually just to be safe. A 2 1/2 was good, but a 3-3 1/2 might work better for me. I am not a fan of restaurants that don't have a drink fountain. Seriously, I need my refills. That was a turn off, but the food more than made up for it. I look forward to trying my favorite dish, chu che, on my next visit.
1	Seriously...i love spicy food especially thai food but... The break down:FOOD QUALITY:   pretty good 4 out of 5PRICE:  Too expensive for the portions, they even force you to buy bottled water! The bottles are SOO tiny, and can you imagine not having enough water when you eat spicy foods??SERVICE:  OMG...the owner sings on certain nights and makes himself a rockstar?? One of the waitresses were kind of rude to us because one of my friends asked if the portions have changed...lol.  They also try to "up sell" everything on their menu, always coming around to ask us to try this and that....We felt like we were being hustled and all we wanted was to eat dinner...
4	After passing this place so many times and seeing the lunch special sign, I was finally able to try it. We walked in around 2pm and there was only one other party. They seemed to be regulars since they were talking to the waitress a lot. We were seated at a nice booth and given our water right away. We got our lunch menus which included seven dishes for $7.99, all with shrimp and fourteen dishes for $5.99, chicken or beef. All of the lunch specials come with an egg roll and steamed rice or fried rice. You can also choose between their soup of the day or small salad. We opted for the chicken pad thai (level 4) and mongolian beef (leve 3) plates with soups, Thai Iced Tea, and Thai Iced coffee. The soup came out right away. It was definitely nothing special. Just some broth with a piece of bow tie pasta in it. Our lunch specials came out and boy did they look good! They were decently portioned considering they were only 6 bucks each. They each had a big scoop of rice, egg roll, and about half the plate full of the entree. The taste of the mongolian beef was pleasant. Level 3 was a perfect choice. The meat was soft and the spices were just right. The pad thai was pretty delicious as well. The noodles weren't hard at all and it had some pretty big chunks of chicken. The Thai Iced coffee and Thai iced tea was okay. I've had better.We ended up ordering the Thai tea ice cream for dessert, which was a mistake... The ice cream was rock hard with ice crystals all over it. It tasted like it was sitting in the freezer for at least 6 months. All in all, I'd definitely come back for some more lunch specials. However, I won't be taking any chances by ordering the dessert again. 4 stars for food and service, minus 1 for old ice cream and mediocre drinks.
5	I just finished my take-out from here and my experience has forced me to write a review. I ordered Gai Pad Prik Khing. It was some of the best I've ever eaten..perfectly cooked in that slightly dry (dry as in wine not as in desert sand) way that chili paste based dishes should be. I could smell the aroma of the Kaffir lime leaves steaming the whole way home and once I dug in it was even better than i'd hoped for. A perfect blend of chilis and curry paste that finished in sweetened fish sauce and kaffir lime. What forced me to write the review was not only the incredible food, it was also the great hospitality that I received when I walked into the restaurant. It deserves some sort of recognition and this is all I have to give. The man that greeted me at the door made me want to come back time and time again. He took an interest in my person, my visit and provided jovial banter while I was waiting for my food. Such a small amount of his time has left a lasting impression on me and I swear that every time I visit vegas this will forever more be a guaranteed stop.
4	Nothing beats late night cheap food in Vegas. They deliver until 6AM (right to your hotel too)!! And they open again at 11 AM! Food quality / taste is one thing, but they definitely deserve a 4-star for opening and delivering late. Save their # in your cell phone as you would for a promoter's # when you go to Vegas. It'll come in handy on one of the nights, trust me.
5	I came here for the first time on this trip to Las Vegas on the recommendation of my best friend's friend.  I got the spicy noodle and thai iced tea, and for dessert I had fried bananas.  I've never had thai iced tea before, but I think I tasted a bit of heaven.  The spicy noodles were delicious as well.  The fried banana would have been better if it came with vanilla ice cream but they only had coconut ice cream.  All in all, my experience here was very good, and the service was great!  Will definitely come back here next time I'm in Vegas!
3	Ate here once but I might come back.  The food is palatable but I like Thai BBQ better.
5	I love krung Thai the food is great and it has a great atmosphere I usually come in late night with a larger group and kt is always willing to accommodate!!
4	The food's ok but the lunch special through 3 pm on weekdays is an excellent deal.
5	This is the best Thai restaurant in Vegas! We come here everytime we are in Vegas. Great food! Everything is really good! Great service, the staff is very nice. If you like spicy they can make the pad thai spicy for you! Our fave! Also the duck fried rice and duck curry is delicious!!
5	This is now my favorite Thai spot in town!Everything is delicious, but the spicy mint chicken (pad kapao) is my choice in town, and I have ordered it in every place I go.  Also, their drunken noodles (pad kee mao) is my fav in town as well.  They have a nice varient with crab meat that is super sweet and spicy at the same time!  Mouth is watering as I write!We have also tried some curry dishes and a few others, and they all have been delicious.  Good thai tea...Nothing bad here so far...truth!The waitress is very friendly and so is the rest of the staff.  Give it a try and see for yourself...this might be your new Thai restaurant :)
5	This place is freakin' legit.Chicken Pad Thai spiciness level 3 out of 5 makes my head tingle and tickle. I love that sensation! Probably one of the best Pad Thai's I've ever had. I was getting my pregame on at the hotel though, so I am not quite sure how it would taste sober, but I would imagine it being really good anyway.We had a rental car so we stopped by the liquor store next door to pick up some Jameson. Krung Thai can look really run down at night, so I was a bit skeptical to go inside. If you are ever near this area do yourself a favor and order some food, you won't regret it!The owner was singing Karaoke when we stopped by to order some food to go. Pretty cool I guess!
4	Just ordered a bunch of dishes, all with level 3 and 4 spiciness and WOW they were all delicious!  Great balance of heat and sweet for the curries, and nice fresh crispy veggies in the rice dishes. Really fast and friendly, we picked it up like 20 minutes after calling at like a half hour before they closed. This place is literally right around the corner, and we will be back soon!  Try it!
5	Best damn Thai food in Vegas.Located about 2miles off strip and I would call this place a hidden gem, you can't go wrong. The owner does karaoke at night? umm YES! His wife and daughter work there who are just angels. Food was priced below average but quality was above average. Service was classic Asian style and it was beyond a memorable experience.I've gone there 5 times now and it's always been ACES!
4	Great location near the Palms Casino, the food is priced below averageAnd is one of the best Thai I ate around town.Atmosphere is relaxed and great for business meeting or one to one quiet hangout.Thumbs upLike Like Like
4	The food was great and the service was even better!  Pork Larb was fresh, Chicken Curry was flavorful yet light, and the Chinese Broccoli w/ Mushrooms was delicious and healthy.  We came in late and were probably the last guests, but our server was still so sweet and attentive.
4	Can honestly say I was surprised big time! Driven by a number of times and never once thought to stop. Thanks to Yelp and getting out of work late, decided to stop in and get some takeout.Was a bit skeptical when we pulled up as the place is pretty dull and there were zero cars in front. Almost thought they were closed. Walked in and it is a nice size place with very outdated furniture and decor. Only one couple was sat down to eat (at almost 7pm that was a bit worrisome to me). They had a nice menu with your typical Thai fare. Pricing was about average for Thai food, a bit pricey to me for the look of the place. I wasn't feeling very bold, so I stuck to the basics and ordered chicken fried rice (one of my favorite dishes and a good judge for me of whether the place is worth coming back to). Kacey ordered the Chicken Pad See-Eew. At $9 for each dish, it was a pretty decent size portion.My fried rice was one of the best I've had in Vegas, especially once I added a little bit of soy sauce. Wow! I ate the entire portion and was still craving more. I did wish it had a bit more chicken, but that may just be me being greedy. Kacey seemed to really enjoy her dish as well and had no complaints.Needs major updating in the restaurant and I honestly am not sure how they stay in business if they only had once couple in that big restaurant during dinner hours. But they gained a new customer and we will be back soon to try more! Will stick to take-out though as I don't think I would enjoy my meal sitting in that dining room.
1	Had lunch with my wife, the food was okay but the service was HORRIBLE! will never go back! Girl was so so rude! Threw our check on the table without acknowledging us or even thanking us.
4	If you're looking for legit Thai food. This place definitely should be considered. The down side to this place is that they charge you for everything. Asking for water, they give me a bottle water and that that's the only water they have. This place is a to-go kind of place. Atmosphere looks pretty dated and the parking is pretty cramped. Otherwise good food.
5	This place is off the hook good!  We've visited many times and every single time, everything we order is awesome.  Their soups are great, the salads are awesome.  Pad Thai noodle is perfect, curries are great.  This is one excellent place to visit if you are craving good thai food in Vegas.
4	Food quality is good. Pricier than some thai restaurants, but I suppose it's because of the larger portions. Easy parking. -Thai Iced Tea-Pad See Ew-Tom Yum Kai with chicken-Papaya SaladOur Thai friends ordered lots of seafood, so perhaps we should've done the same. I liked it, but I would try some other places before coming back.
4	Another note worthy Thai restaurant, food is very tasty and the prices are fair."Rub a dub dub!"
1	This restaurant sucks! What? Was that too harsh? I am always on the lookout for new Thai places to try in Las Vegas. I was driving down Decatur and noticed their lunch special advertisement on the building. The next day, I made it a point to stop by and grab some lunch to go. First warning sign- The parking lot was empty, and so was the restaurant! I walked in and noticed that there was no greeting stand or host/hostess up front. As a result, I was standing there like an idiot unsure of what to do to place an order. One of the ladies in the back yells across and says "table for one"?  I scream back "No, I need to place an order to go". She motions me over to have a seat and hands me a dirty menu. I decided on a dish that they couldn't possibly screw up--cashew chicken.  Ummm, Wrong! Rubbery chicken with no cashews was what I ended up with. The lunch portion came with a side of steamed rice and a mushy egg roll.  When it was time to pay for my $7.00 lunch, I handed the server my credit card.  She proceeds to tell me that my bill wasn't enough to use a credit card. Um ok--sorry that is all that I have right now. She didn't like my answer, and said something in a different language to another lady in the restaurant. She tells me that this time they will let me use a credit card. "Wow-thank you for letting me pay you". My wife then reminds me after my awful experience that we hated this place 5 years ago. The food is garbage, and the service is worse.
4	I passed by this place for about a year always wanting to try their food but never had the opportunity. Finally one day I was craving Thai food and thought specifically of this place. Kill two birds with one stone, right? =)The inside decor is comfy and welcoming. There's also a big stage near the dining room so I guess there is live music + entertainment as well. They have the regulars such as pad thai, fried rice, satay, etc. I had the pad thai and the beef salad.The food is great! I really enjoyed the pad thai. I felt that the food was really original. At Archie's the dishes taste very stylized and catered to be more Americanized, which is not bad at all because I enjoy Archie's alot. At Krung Thai there is no burst of flavor or a WOW factor like Archie's but it is a nice balance, if that makes any sense =P. You can see what I mean if you try the beef salad. It doesn't have that tangy taste like at Archie's, which I highly enjoy. Still, Krung Thai's beef salad taste good in a different way.The service is great and I don't see why anyone wouldn't try this place, especially if you're a Thai food lover.
3	I was craving Thai food after watching a movie at The Orleans Hotel and Krung Thai Restaurant was the closest Thai restaurant. It was approximately 1.2 miles away and was easy to find being that it was my first time here.I had the yellow curry with chicken and my boyfriend had the red curry with roasted duck. My yellow curry was good and had a generous amount of chicken and potatoes.  The red curry was a little disappointing because it came with thinly sliced duck instead of roasted duck. Both curries were good but we expected roasted duck since it was advertised on the menu as so.The decor was outdated and wasn't welcoming. The restaurant had grill vents even though they don't serve all you can eat bbq. They made the restaurant look darker then it really was but the grill vents looked maintained, clean. The decor had a cottage country feel in a low lighted setting.The staff was very friendly and attentive. Our waitress was outgoing and had a great attitude. She welcomed us, showed us to our table, and said bye before we left. The bus boy and manager was also nice. What was awkward was when we paid, she asked if we wanted to leave the tip on the table or charge it on the card. We did tip her but I thought it was almost rude for her to ask. It's not what I'm accustomed to when dining. I thought it was impolite.Overall my first time experience was a good experience.
3	Finally stopped in today after eying this place for years.Damn it, another place serving cans of soda, seriously?  It's 2013, not 1983, where are the refills at?  How am I supposed to get my afternoon caffeine kick from one can of soda?I had the chili mint shrimp lunch special.  Krung's spice level tops out at 5, I didn't know this and asked for a 10, ha h, I think the waiter thought I was slow.  I'm not denying that so after he corrected me I still ordered the 10 spice level ha ha.  Yeah, it was a littler spicier than I planned for but still really good. My issue is the serving size...we are in the United States of America, load the plate Krung!  Fatties need fuel!  A few tortilla strips, a scoop of rice, and a small scoop of 'main dish' just isn't cutting it...at least not for the price.Okay, yeah, I'll come back, but I'm still going to go back to the office after eating here and pound a donut to get me through to dinner time.On a more merry note, the place was dead at noon so the service was good.
2	I got the pad kee mao and my noodles were a little hard and bland. My friend got pad thai style noodles with crab on top, and his noodles were delicious. Service was friendly albeit slow considering we were the only party there...
4	This place is always empty whenever I come in. They have super cheap lunch specials and reasonably priced entrees. If I am looking for a quick cheap eat, I would definitely come here. Thom Yum Goong is on point! Spicy and Sour!
4	Yelp 100 Challenge * 21/100Per a good friend's suggestion (shoutout to Irena!) to check this place out, I decided to swing by on Saturday with a galpal for a late lunch. It was around mid-day, the neighborhood was quiet and so was the restaurant. We were the only people there with a few stopper-bys who ordered take-out.Krung Thai is a quaint, cozy and affordable restaurant located along Decatur and Flamingo, not too far from Goldcoast, with a distinct homey feel to it. My galpal and I got to chit-chat comfortably and our initial server gave us ample time to look over the menu while getting us drinks to start things off. Eventually, we opted for the 5 piece chicken satay  for appetizer that came with a tasty peanut-butter-ish sauce and an onion-cucumber salad. I went with the yellow curry beef with rice and absolutely loved it. Almost similar to Japanese curry, the thai yellow curry is sweet with a hint of coconut milk, potatoes and carrot pieces. Topped it off with rice and I was stuffed! My galpal got herself the chicken larb. We munched on it with the cabbage strips to our tummies' content. What didn't seem like a whole lot of food ended up filling us only halfway through, so our second server, Amm, kindly boxed it all up for us. I very much appreciated the service. Whenever the waiter brought us our food, he always asked how things were for us and Amm was pleasant enough to tell us a little about the live entertainment they have as well as karaoke. Can't wait to take my parents here soon!
5	The best thai food in vegas. Good portions. Service is great. Will always stop by whenever I'm in town.
5	This is MY FAV THAI SPOT!! Been comin here since 2007, 4-5 times a week, and no matter what I order its ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!! Plus, when ever I want them to add an ingredient or take one out they get it right every time! The service is just as great as the food. I call in and once I start my order they already know its me. LOL Ive tried many places and I cant stray away from their fried rice, beef salad, pad kee mao, pad see-eew, chicken satay, crab ragoons, or thai dumplings!! Delicious everything is just absolutely delicious!!!
5	Thumbs up for the food and service. Servers were really sweet and friendly! Definitely coming back.
4	Have been driving by this place for 4 yrs now and finally decided to stop in and try it out. I walked in and it was dead durning dinner time and all the waiters were hanging out in the corner watching tv and playing with their phones. On very nice girl helped us out and recommended some things on the menu. I ordered the red curry beef spicy level #6 out of 1-5. The curry was really good and had a great kick to it. And the wrapped up or food to go so perfectly I don't think anything could have spilled out. It was a great experience I want to try it out for its cheap lunch specials some time.
3	Ive seen this restaurant for many years but never had a chance to check this place out. Well today was the day I pulled a U turn and said its time for me to try it.I am pleased I made the decision. Their service was excellent. Maybe it's because we were the only people in there that made it easy for them to pay attention too us but what made the real difference is there attitude. I felt the conversation we were having was very sincere.  They really wanted to get to know me. I only tried 3 dishes. Roast duck curry which was ok.  The best part of the dish was the curry sauce. I have a feeling if I had it with chicken or beef it would've been much better.  The garlic shrimp was also ok.  I was expecting larger shrimps than the ones used.  The best dish we had was the crispy pork with Ong Choy.  The blend of vegetable with the crispy pork was perfect and seasoned right. The price is a little bit higher than I expected. It's about $2-$3 more than other Asian restaurants.
4	I've never eaten here, but when I was working until 11 pm it was a godsend to quench my pad thai and thai iced tea thirst. Restaurant definitely leaves something to be desired as far as decor, but if you've eaten at an older china town establishment, you'll be able to eat here. Service is friendly and quick. After the second time I ordered, the staff was well acquainted with what I wanted, who I was, and I was welcomed personally. That can be a nice thing or maybe a hint you need to cook more at home. Dishes are reasonably priced and they give you quite a bit of food. If you're in the area or even headed home from work, I can't recommend this place more.
4	with our recent move to the tropicana and decatur area, we've been on the hunt for new places to eat with a good value. First walked into this spot on a really chilly day and it was completely empty. Sometimes that moment you walk into an empty restaurant can be the most awkward thing in the world, this time wasnt strange at all. Considering the circumstances, we had great service, short wait for food and constant water refills. Although I've never experienced such sticky pad thai noodles in my life, they were delicious.  On that note, the other dish we ordered also had these sticky, skinny, long noodles. Too bad our hunger struck slightly past the lunch special hours. Everything was delicious & our server was very courteous. Spicy level 3 of 5 was very spicy.  4 would have been too much.
4	The food was delicious!! They had really good service. Comparing to the other restaurants I've been to lately, this had the best service. There was really nice entertainment. A man would start singing and some kids came up to dance, which was amazing to see. I will definitely be coming back to this restaurant. Extremely recommended.
3	For a $5.99 meal I can't be too critical..or can I?The service was great and you get a good amount of yummy food for your money. I chose chicken pad thai (spices on point), and it also came with soup, wontons, and fried rice.On the bad, it was one of the greasier pad thais I have had. Then, towards the end of my meal, I had some friends join for lunch....3 ants scurrying across my table! Oh hell no. Hard to say I'll never be back. It's a decent 5.99 lunch special.
4	After being in Vegas for almost a week, I was ready to get out of the tourist traps and try some local food.  Discovered Krung Thai as I was driving by, checked it out on Yelp and decided to give it a try. Ordered Red Curry Chicken... The ingredients seems fresh and tasted great! I love HOT Thai food.. Ordered 4 but easily could have handled 5..Great "off the beaten path" Thai place in Vegas.
4	pretty tasty Pad Thai and Pad Se Ew.  Wait staff were very friendly and attentive!  Prices were spot on too
5	My favorite Thai food in Las Vegas, the food is fresh and the flavors are explosive. My favorite dishes are the Phad Thai, spicy egg plant with ground chicken, spicy catfish, pork larb, etc, etc.  I have tried all the other top Thai places in Vegas such as lotus but I prefer the food here
4	Curry is delicious.
5	I can recommend the yellow curry, pad Thai, and steamed dumplings. The best I've had - delicious. The service is great too. There seems to be a lot of Thai restaurants around town, but they all taste the same. This place has a unique taste to it which puts it at the top of my list.
3	I saw this place after hitting an office around the corner. I was the first customer after they opened up lol. I decided to try their lunch specials. Price: affordable Ambience: niceService: goodParking: cramped lotIf I didn't live on the other side of the world, I would visit this place more often lol.
3	The food was very good, however the service was terrible. Our waitress would not check on us enough and screwd up our order! So disappointed!  The worst part is that the food was soooo spicy!  We ordered a 2 and we immediately had running noses! We ordered a tom yun kai and it was very good, however the pang thai curry was not extraordinary. The decor is pretty poor, you can tell they decorated 15 years ago and never cared to remodeled or improve it!  Overall good food, but dont have high expectations!
5	We are always in the mood for good, juicy, moist thai noodles and this place delivered!The older homey decor and ambiance meant nothing to us - the food and service was on point! I can't be happier with their pad thai dish, flavor country for sure! The pad thai noodles were crazy moist and packed with flavor, we enjoyed every bite. The noodles were cooked to perfection, not overcooked and with a little bite to them. They were just perfect! 10 stars for the pad thai (Yup it's over 5 stars)We also ordered panang beef curry - this was the first place that didn't pack the curry with a bunch of cheap fillers. They hooked us up with a ton of tender beef - a mountain of tender beef to be exact. That's a great value and we didn't feel cheated. A minor flaw - I felt that the dish could of benefited from having more curry for the beef ratio that we got. Anyways, I can't really complain since there was a ton of beef!The service was amazing as well! I'm extremely satisfied with their waitress and their management. The waitress hand cut our thai bird chilies in fish sauce for us because we requested them and they didn't have any available in their spice tray. We love the fact that the owner was there (late night 10:30pm on a Sunday) overseeing things and chopping it up and playing cards with his regulars. It really shows his dedication to his restaurant and it comes through in his food. Really good people. Their spice levels are from 1-5. Their spicy #3 was an exact spicy #3. True to flavor. We are spice junkies and could of done a #5 and enjoyed it, but we dabbled in the spice tray a lot and it worked out well for us. Portion wise, the pad thai was a great size for one person to get their fill on the juicy good stuff. It's not family sized and not necessarily big enough to share, but that just means more of the good stuff to yourself! Total damage $24 and change - a great solid dinner price.
5	Always has been my favorite place to eat, Thai or regardless. Staff is very friendly and so is the owner. Food is always top-notch, can't think of any mediocre meal ever in the 13 years I have been eating here.
4	hidden on a corner . i thought it was closed but my dad told me hes been there before so i decided to try it. walking in was quite pleasant the smell was familiar but i couldnt put my finger on it . the decor is very out dated but i like it . waitress was super nice and helpfull on explaining the food. i had the luch special beef pad thai it came with a cup of egg fried rice it was delicious for only $6.99 their spicy seafood soup was also great almost tasted like the instant ramen version, wich i love. we also had combination fried rice , lots of flavor. i had thai iced tea to drink, not enough flavor for me but i loved the food.
5	This is MY FAV THAI SPOT!! Been comin here since 2007, 4-5 times a week, and no matter what I order its ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!! Plus, when ever I want them to add an ingredient or take one out they get it right every time! The service is just as great as the food. I call in and once I start my order they already know its me. LOL Ive tried many places and I cant stray away from their fried rice, beef salad, pad kee mao, pad see-eew, chicken satay, crab ragoons, or thai dumplings!! Delicious everything is just absolutely delicious!!!
5	Ohmygosh, yummy, yummy, yummy!  We had the cashew chicken, wonton soup, and a glass noodle dish the name of which I don't remember.  All were amazing!   Not only that: the people were really nice and the service was fast and friendly.  We'll definitely go back.  :)
4	Everything good in here, pad Thai in here so good. If your in the mood for great Thai come on down to this place and then head right to the palms since it's walking distance. If course the pad Thai is good but do try the crab fired rice!!! Yummy !
3	I been tried a lot of Thai food but when I first move here, me and my bf try out this place and I think I'll stuck with their pad Thai and crap gragon . So good and I think I can eat Thai food everyday. Good service and good people. The manager was so nice to us. I like it.
4	Love Thai food, and that's the place to go. They always wanna please you. Great service.
5	Panang Curry.  That's all I need!  However, the menu is fabulous.  We eat here every time were are in Las Vegas.  Staff is always accommodating and recommends a new dish for us each time.  Prices are great.  Service is great.  Location is a short drive from the strip but easy to find.  This place is a hidden gem!
5	The servers are extremely nice here! First thing upon entering we were greeted with huge smiles and warm personalities. Our waitress helped me find the specials in the menu with recommendations and was so pleasant while taking our order.... Omg they play live music late night too! It's setting the perfect mood right now. I ordered the Krung Thai steak which came with a special spicy sauce. It's not too spicy, for those with sensitive tongues. A friend ordered the papaya salad which tasted like perfection! Very pleased with this restaurant :)
4	As a thai food lover wifey and I decided to check out this place. We ordered their tom yum goong and crispy pork belly.The crispy pork was outstanding! Its really that good! First time we tried the tom yum it was really good and then we came it for another visit, it was totally not no where near the first time we had it. So I had to give it a 4 star but the crispy pork was still on point this time so we enjoyed it.
5	We were cruising for a place to eat when we found this place and lucked out. The wait staff were super nice and made me hope the food matched. She was helpful when asked about gluten free dishes, and made some suggestions. The chicken satay was cooked perfect and the peanut sauce was delicious. Our food came quickly and we loved it. So nice to find a good meal so close to home. The helpings were large and we brought some home. The prices were very fair and service was excellent. Please let it be the same the next time we try it.
4	Found this place via the yelp app today while looking for somewhere to have lunch. Its right on the corner of Flamingo and Decatur, behind the old Marie Calendars, which is now becoming a Blueberry Hill. I quickly sat down and ordered a Thai tea, and then browsed the menu. They do have lunch specials and I was craving pad thai so I chose that with chicken. I also got a bowl of the Tom kha gai soup. The pad thai was very good. It comes with rice which I think is weird because I'm already having noodles, but I guess that is standard for all their lunch specials. The soup was phenomenal, imo. Perfectly spiced and flavorful with hints of lemongrass and deliciousness. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. If your in the area definitely check this place out!
5	Love krang thai the food is good service is excellent price is right they have great lunch specials really like the pad thai order it almost twice a week really recommend
4	My Favorite Thai restaurant in vegas. Really like the service and the food here. Never disappoints. Love pad thai over here.
2	The food was good but extremely overpriced.  $13 for fried rice and $9 for an appetizer with cheap ingredients is not worth it.  The serving sizes are small too. Another Thai restaurant in Vegas which charges quadruple and takes advantage of local peoples' love for Thai food.
4	Quaint little spot for spicy hot thai. Usually my husband and I go to other places that do number level of spice 1-10 so we ordered our usual number 3 on Tum Yum soup and beef salad,  and boy it made my husband have tears lol! I had to send my soup back because it was like fire! We didn't know they do levels of 1-5 and 5 being the hottest!  So go figure..other than that,  the food was great. Staff spoke good English,  and I saw that they have karaoke on some nights. We hesitated to come into this place for months, and we're mad that we didn't do it sooner.
5	Yummy, yummy, yummy, I've got pad thai in my tummy. Excellent service, PHANtastic pad thai (see what I did there?), I loved the thai tea, and got out hot noodley awesomeness in about 7 minutes from ordering. I shalllllllll return.
2	We ordered take out for lunch so I can't comment on the dine in service, but I must be the only person that doesn't like this place! Maybe I'm ordering the wrong things...maybe I'm way too picky...maybe it's because I'm half Thai and I cook a lot of Thai dishes at home, but even my 6 year old turned down the fried rice from this place. I have to agree with her...and I've seen this kid her own boogers. The house fried rice was uber mushy and under flavored. I like my Thai fried rice with fish sauce and I didn't get much of that in this one. The lunch salads were wilted and brown on the bottom and looked less than fresh. We also ordred the pad ka prow and the pad thai (both with tofu) the pad kaprow was also pretty bland and the pad thai was mushy like the rice. Bum dealio. I'll stick to homemade.
