3	Exploring the city's German fare, the BF and I headed over to Cafe Heidelberg the past Friday evening.  Upon entering, the waitress looked at us and then the clock.  I asked if they were closing and she said no, but we had five minutes to order.  (I guess the last seating is definitely at 8 pm.)Walking past the small market and into the back, we seated ourselves into a quaint little booth.  A bunch of older folks filled the other tables and you get the feeling that this is definitely a family kind of place.  (Hofbrauhaus and Cafe Heidelberg are in two totally different leagues.)The waitress handed us the menus and a beverage list.  The food menu is very basic, nothing fancy at all.  And the beverage list has a decent variety of beers and wine.  I wanted spatzle, and that's all I cared about.  So I ordered one of the few things that came with spatzle - the Jagerschnitzel ($23), "Pork schnitzel lightly battered and smothered in a mushroom , wine and onion sauce.  Paired with red cabbage and spatzel."The BF was torn between the Mixed Wurst Plate ($23), "Bratwurst, Knackwurst, and Bockwurst.  Served on a bed of sauerkraut and mashed potatoes," and the Oktoberfest Platter ($25), "A classic pork schnitzel and a jumbo Bratwurst paired perfectly with red cabbage and homemade spatzle."  He chose the former since I already had the pork schnitzel and spatzle in my dish.As we waited for our entrees, bread and butter arrived with our beverages.  We also took a little walk through the market to check out their German groceries and deli.  A limited choice of food items, but you'll find your herring, spatzel, and sauerkraut available here for home.My pork schnitzel was covered with dark brown gravy and was quite tender.  Pretty good.  The spatzel was okay, but maybe it's because I prefer it with a creamier sauce instead, like mushroom.  (I think I should have ordered the Kase Spatzle ($16), "House recipe German noodles smothered with melted Swiss cheese.  Garnished with tomatoes," instead.)  The red cabbage was blah, nothing special but the side salad was pretty tasty.  The BF's wurst feast came with a side of mustard sauce for dipping and a huge helping of sauerkraut.  The different wursts were pretty good and the sauerkraut was okay.  (Then again, I think I'm a fan of it on the colder end and crunchy than soggy.)They were both very generous orders and we had leftovers to go.  We never made it to dessert which was "Bavarian Apple Strudel with vanilla sauce" ($7) and "Black Forest Cherry Cake" ($5).  Overall, Cafe Heidelberg may probably be more authentic German fare than Hofbrauhaus.  They were recently voted "Best of Las Vegas" for "Other Ethnic Restaurant" again.  So, if you want your German fix, head on over to Cafe Heidelberg, just don't expect the loud music, crazy games, and the long wait of its competitor.(I added pics of our dinner in the business profile!)
3	Loved this place a few years back when they had a Chef from the "Fatherland" cooking. He was classically trained in Berlin in one of the finest 5 Star Hotels. He then left and they hired everything in between. From a Mexican chef to 'god knows where' from..... Stopped going. Went back a  week ago after hearing the old Chef is back cooking there and.... guess what, the food is back to where it used to be. Portions are big, tasty and even the soups are homemade. Negatives I have is that the management there really ought to update the interior and also stop raising the prices on the same dishes. Sides go for $4 a piece. Very tourist trappy.... If the Chef leaves again, I go where he is going.
1	Very disappointing...My wife & I had lunch here this past weekend, and were really looking forward to it, as we ate here years ago and really liked it.  I don't know why it's so bad now; maybe they've Americanized the food to attract more non-German customers.  But my wife is from Bavaria, and this ain't Bavarian food!The potato soup had absolutely NO flavor whatsoever.  The jagerschnitzel wasn't breaded normally, and the mushroom gravy wasn't very good.  The sauerkraut tasted like it was served from a can, and NO German restaurant should be serving mashed potatoes!The only good thing about the place was that they had Franziskaner Heifenweiser, although they were charging $7 a bottle!And to top things off, their prices are very expensive.  Lunch for two was over $70!
4	Great German food in a quaint and cozy space. Even though our server was swamped with a table of 12 and appeared to be the only server in the house, service was only a little slow. She recommended a wonderful light German beer, Spaten, which was light, crisp and clean and a great match for our food.  Being there at 6:30 on a Saturday night, we lucked out and were treated to "live" entertainment which consisted of a keyboard player wearing some sort of German-esque vest.  It was nice enough background music, but over the course of the evening we were amused by the playlist of Hawaiian, Mexican, and Italian tunes, while seeming to lack any German-esque selections.  Odd.Our meal started with a basket filled with soft marbled-rye bread, which was very good. Unfortunately it was served with fake butter spread imitation product in those cheap little plastic tubs which added nothing more than a little moisture to the bread. Our soup and salad were both very good, flavorful and tasted fresh.  Cafe Heidelberg's house dressing is a light and creamy dill, which I thought needed a little oomph of flavor, but adding salt and pepper seemed to do the trick.I ordered the Leberkase entree which is something like German spam ... A combo of pork and veal finely ground and formed into a loaf and baked until it has a crispy crust.  Mine was served in the traditional Biergarten style, pan-fried with 2 eggs over easy on top - super nom nom good! Served with warm German potato salad which was nicely seasoned with dill and onions.  Cold cucumber salad was served on the side, which added a cool and light contrast to my hearty and savory Leberkase.  I also couldn't resist a side of spaetzel (little egg noodle dumplings) with gravy because I am a shameless carb slut.  My BF enjoyed his Jaegerschnitzel entree, which was served with a delicious warm red cabbage side and a generous mound of spaetzel.While neither of us are German, we both enjoyed Cafe Heidelberg's fare and would recommend it to anyone looking for something different, a little fun, and a lot yummy for lunch or dinner.
4	Cafe Heidelberg was a diamond. No gem, a diamond. Big, sparkly, good cut and color, and at least two carats. Las Vegas has some of the best dining in the world. One of my favorite spots, a strip club that will remain nameless, employs not one, but two Master Sommeliers. Now, there are not but less than two hundred of them in the world, so why does any one place need two of them? I'm not sure, but only in Vegas will you find such a splurge.With all that said, sometimes you need to let your hair down. Sometimes it's necessary to leave the glitz behind and just find some good home country, motherland, my Oma made it this way, and her Oma made it that way, and dammit that's the way I want it today kind of food.Cafe Heidelberg is just that kind of spot. In a strip mall, off the strip, and absolutely perfect. Walk in to the Market and take a right into the Bierstube. It's like walking into the basement Bierstube of some mountainside town in Bavaria. Tapestry on the walls? Yes. Dirndl donned bar wench? Yes! Lederhosen sporting accordion player? Oh yeah!Sarah and I took the bus here from Bellagio for the adventure, and it didn't take long as it's only a few miles off the strip. But well worth the trip. Our tip: take a cab. But after our short adventure in public transport, the large draft Spatens were welcome, and cold.We ordered a bit of everything as soon as we saw the food on our neighbor's table. It all looked so good! And with half the guests being regulars and speaking thick native German dialects, we ordered more and more. All of it wonderful. Nothing standing out above anything else. After singing drinking songs, downing schnapps with John the accordion player, and six beers later, we found ourselves broke (having forgotten our credit cards), payed what we could of the tab, stiffed the waitress, and hoofed it all the way to the strip (Sarah in heels!)...Now, looking back, feet all blistered and bloody, what does Sarah say about Cafe Heidelberg? When can we go back she asks!And this time, we'll bring some extra dough to make up for the shoddy tip we left last summer... oops!
5	Authentic, delicious German food, definitely worth going off the beaten track for!  We had a coupon for 1/2 off a second dinner, but it turned out that on Monday, they have select meals (mostly pork dishes) buy one, get one free!!  My husband and I ordered the Oktoberfest meal (bratwurst and breaded pork, spaetzle, and red cabbage) and the pork schnitzel (breaded) with mushrooms in a wine sauce (Delish!!), and BOY did we get a lot of food!  We even ate it for lunch the next day because it was so much food!  Cafe Heidelberg requires a keen eye to spot it (it is across a parking lot and kind of behind another building) but it has a big blue awning with big letters so we found it okay.  They were nice enough to serve us even though we came 15 minutes before "closing" - they serve until 8pm, then lock the doors, so it's best to get there 7:30 or earlier.  They have a market in the front, but in the back they have charming little wooden booths and German memorabilia all over the walls.  Our food came pretty quickly, and it was the best German meal I've had in a restaurant, and it's definitely the best German food in Vegas.  The staff was very nice, and we spoke for quite a while to our server about the shortage of German restaurants in Nevada and California.  I loved their red cabbage... and the mushroom-covered schnitzel was savory... I hope to go back and try their sauerbraten.  I would have if they hadn't had the 2-for-1 deal on their pork dishes.  I also want to try their sauerkraut.  Gives me a reason to go back!You can look for the 1/2 off second entree coupon online, or you can go on Mondays to get the 2-for-1 deal, or there's also a feast for 2 for $29.95 -- or just go anytime if price isn't a big deal.  Entrees all run about $26 but they are enough food for 2 meals!  Overall - great, authentic, hearty food, save a little dough rather than eating at the pricey hotel restaurants on the strip!
1	I don't understand all the glowing reviews of this place.  The mashed potatoes and gravy were INSTANT and kraut came from a can.  I cannot say enough that for 12.50, someone had better have at least BOILED the potatoes.  Over priced, it deserves to be on Kitchen Nightmares.  Unless we just happed to be there on the one day in their history to have used instant and prepackaged things, I would pass it on by.  Their kitchen has at least 3 microwaves visible from the dining area, and they charge for lunch avg $15 a plate?  No thank you.
1	I went here a couple of weeks ago and I really expected it to be a lot better. It's crazy expensive for what you get. And I think the owners/servers could benefit from taking the food handlers permit class again. They brought the wrong dishes out to my boyfriend and I. Without thinking my boyfriend removed the tomatoes (with his fingers) from the sandwich then realized and remembered he didn't order a sandwich. When the server/owner came over to fix the situation my boyfriend apologized that he already touched the tomatoes the server picked them up off the table and as he walked away he put them back on the sandwich!!! Who would ever do such a thing!!! Luckily when he served it to the other table something was still wrong because he ended up taking it back to the kitchen. Needless to say I will not be going back to this restaurant,
1	Hello my name is ougole I come from germany 5years now I came here to eat with my wife of 50 years. The food here is terible it cost me a marrige . Me and my beautiful wife came in here to eat and food was bad, when I tasted the food it was so bad that I spated it on the wife, she was so mad she yell and kicked me she scream and yell to go to hell this place cost me 107 plus a marriage.
4	Real old world charm awaits as you open the door to Cafe Heidelberg. Service is friendly, the food is as German as you can possibly get in Las Vegas. Everything is fresh and you can taste the quality and love. Sure it might teeter on the more pricy side with dinner entres between $21-$27, but frequent Gift Certificates from restaurant.com can make the meal prices a real bargain. They also now serve a $4.99 Euro brat, chips and either a beer (Coors unfortunately), or a soft drink in the side bar area. The decor is very quaint and very old world. A gift shop, small grocery, deli, and a respectable choice of beer in the cooler adds to the charm of this place, even if you just browse. Wine selection is so-so. Oh, and the apple strudel-home made, yummy stuff ya. Oh yeah, it's also a great place to come if you want to loose your wife ;-)
3	Let me start by saying I'm no authentic German food expert at all.  So I don't know how authentic the dishes are.  I like the food pretty well.  Have gone there multiple times.  Love their German potato salad and red cabbage.  That being said, they get only 3 stars because they are way over priced (go during 2 for 1) for "doctored" dishes.  I asked if they make the potato salad and cabbage from scratch and was told no, that it would take too much preptime and that the cook "doctors" them from premade.  Also our desert was frozen and had to be heated, so not fresh there.  For the prices they ask, they should take the time to prep food from scratch.  But I do still like the taste, they doctor well to me.Also, our last visit the table clothes under glass top were dirty and our waitress was rudish and rushing us.
4	very cheerful waitress. talk alot.the food is okay.  I never had German food so I can't commend on it.portion is large.I order a sweet beer, forgot the name. it was good!
5	This is great German food - without all of the noise and hoopla of the Hofbrauhaus.  My husband is from Germany,and this is where we go when he wants a taste of home.The staff is friendly and helpful, the portions are huge - so go there when you're hungry!
5	I don't care what people say, the food was incredible. My German native friend recommended the place. It looks a bit mom and pop, which I'm fine with. There are three spaces here; a bar, a store and the restaurant.  me and my bf started with Bavian Potato Soup - so incredibly goodAnd a bread dumpling soup - amazing.Then we shared a Combination Plate #3  for $17.00Hungarian Debreczinger - rather spicy and good. Bockwurst  - ooo soo so so mouth watering goodKnackwurst  - oh so so soft and so goodOur waitress was technically born in Germany but was as american as Apple pie. No biggie, she was sweet and a great hostess!We bought German Chocolate to take with us, as we were so full.In writing this review, I realize I have to go back. The food was just that good. And prices were reasonable. Also I found this http://www.citycoups.com/cafeheidleberg.html couple for half off. I'll print it and see if it works. :)
4	Last night my friends and I went to this German restaurant for the first time. I had read ahead of time that the food was good, but there was a problem with the service. I completely agreed. Two of us ordered the #1 special-Stuffed cabbage roll and pork. It was very good; although next time I would ask for the gravy on the side. It was a little too much for me. The meal came with the potato soup, which was okay. The red cabbage was delicious. I also ordered a side of potato salad that I highly recommend to have them heat up. It was yummy!Finally for dessert we ordered a piece of the strudel. It was so great! The reason for the 4 stars is because there was only one waitress for the whole place. She was very nice, but kept forgetting things. We never got the rye bread basket . We will go back with a coupon.
2	Never again!!Nobody acknowledges your arrival and you are left kind of hanging at the front door (please wait to be seated sign) until someone finally notices that you are waiting and yells from behind the counter to take a seat anywhere. It took 10 minutes to even get a beer ordered (bottled Hoffbrau at $8 for a half liter-ouch, and no imported draft).The uninspired menu is WAY overpriced for the mediocre quality even if the portions are ample, who cares to eat a bunch of slop.I've lived and traveled throughout Germany and this restaurant with an owner who obviously doesn't care about customer satisfaction wouldn't survive for 1 year.I guess if I want to eat German food again in Las Vegas I would have to opt for the Hoffbrau Haus Las Vegas.Go to Cafe Heidelberg at your own risk-you will most likely be disappointed and overcharged.Caveat Emptor
5	I used Retaurant.Com certificates to dine here during my most recent trip to Vegas from Fri. March/25th/2011 to Sun. March/27th/2011.  Since this trip is alll about exotic dining experiences more than sightseeing in Vegas, I chose to experiment this authentic German restaurant.  The location was slightly hard to find, but it turned out that the GPS we had didn't pick up the part weather it was from East or West Sahara Ave.  I would recommend calling the restaurant before you start driving out here.I ordered Combo Plate #1 with a boiled Bockwurst and veggies as sides.  There were too much veggies that I couldn't finish the plate.  I ordered authentic German coffee prior to the main dish because I was up till 5am in the morning the night before coming in, and the waitress highly recommended me trying their German imported coffee which was extremely strong.  However, this coffee DID serve its purpose of helping me stay awake for as long as I can throughout the day to make the day count while having a blast on the Las Vegas strip later.My friends ordered other combos, and I also brought in another table of 4----everyone loved their authentic German food----yes, various selections of sausages is what they are famous for.  Of course, you can't have German food without beer; one of my friends ordered another imported beer from Germany and enjoyed it.At the end of the meal, the waitress recommended us trying their dessert----we had the Germman style apple strudel which gave me the sugar rush---that helped me wake up for another several hours before I needed more coffee to continue staying awake!!!All in all, my 6 friends and I enjoyed our first experience here at Cafel Heidlberg here off the strip in Las Vegas for the first time.  Once again, our theme of the trip was:  exotic food experience, and this happened to be one of them because I hadn't had German food in a long time.  Pls. do try if you are in the mood for something unusual.  The decorations inside this cafe were extremely cute and in authentic German designs which were hard to explain because you had to be there to see, but this Cafe also has their own professional business website which you can find by Yahoo!-ing this restaurant's name.I'm awaiting pictures from friends' camera to add onto this review.  This was a great awesome first experience for me.....Hope all these details help a great deal!!!
4	Went to Cafe Heidelberg for the first time last week for lunch (we have lived here almost 10 years). Was excellent all around. We were stationed in central Germany in the Air Force and found this restaurant be be on par with what we had there. I had the 2 sausage plate. The beer brat was a little plain but very good. Could have used more spice. The red cabbage was outstanding as was the side of spatzle. My wife had the schnitzel which was very good, again could have used a little more spice. My mother-in-law had the liverwurst and said it was outstanding. Service was very friendly and  attentive, but the restaurant only had 2 other tables occupied. It was a little pricey $80 for the 3 of us, but absolutely worth it. Not a place I would go to weekly, but a couple times a month for date night absolutely!!
2	Read all the reviews which included highs and lows but decided to try for myself. Well, I went last night and was not happy with the food. The service was adequate but the "German" food was not what I had several times in Germany. The prices were out of touch for the quality of the food. They were comparable to Hofbrauhaus but the quality was inferior.
4	This is a cool spot if you're looking for a full-on German experience in a low-key setting. There's plenty of kitschy stuff, German decorations, and staff dressed in traditional German garb. We stopped by for lunch on a Sunday. It wasn't crowded at all -- maybe 4 other people in the whole place -- and were seated right away in a booth towards the back. We had our three year old in tow and the waitress even brought us a box full of toys to keep him occupied. Apparently, the owner brings in her kids toys whenever he out grows them and keeps them in the restaurant in case any other kids want to play with them. That's what I call a family-friendly restaurant!As for the food... well, I know nothing about German food. I opted for the spaetzle ($11) since it seems to be a popular dish. What came to the table was a large plate overflowing with egg noodles, topped with melted Swiss cheese, and surrounded by sliced tomatoes. For an additional $4 sauteed mushrooms and onions were added to it. The serving was large enough for two, maybe even three people. It was a little on the bland side, despite the toppings, but still tasty.Their beer list and desserts sounded intriguing (especially the apple strudel) so it may be worth a return visit. You can find coupons on line for buy one, get 1/2 off a second entree at http://www.citycoups.com/cafeheidleberg.html.3.5 Stars
2	Let me start by saying i purchased a $25 gift certificate from Restaurants.Com like many others did previous to going to Cafe Heidlberg. And if your thinking about doing the same you might want to read this review to make sure you dont feel duped after you get your bill. The location of the restaurant is very  much out of the way and in a not so desirable location either but sometimes this is where you get the best food. Walking into the place the staff was very friendly and helpful. I have high expectations of German food from a place i use to frequent back home and this was lacking in a few areas. As the dining room was kind of unwelcoming with the way it was setup with glass cases of countless items on display for sale. I feel like if im paying $30 a plate for dinner that i would like to eat in a dining room at the least, instead i felt like i was sitting in a pawn shop. Lets get to the food split pea soup was tasty, bread dumplings were just ok lacking in flavor a bit, the schnitzel was good no doubt and the spaetzle was just ok. The entire mean was kind of ho hum and nothing to really write home about, although i would have gone back except for what happen when i received my bill. I did what Restaurants.Com suggests in trying sides, and higher priced dishes because you have your gift certificate. This is where the extra split pea soup and dumplings are ordered which i wouldnt usually do because i already know my portion is going to be huge and fill me up. Most all certificates on Restaurants.Com suggest that anywhere from a 15-20% gratuity is auto added to your bill and i personally am not a fan of this as i should be able to tip my server based on performance and is partially why i even got the Cafe Heidelburg certificate in the first place. So a bill for dinner for two came out to $64 for dinner and two sides and that was AFTER the use of my $25 gift certificate. This was partially because the waitress decided she was going to add 20% for herself regardless if my certificate disclosed that or not. That means that im almost at $90 total bill ($64 + $25= $89) to eat in a pawn shop, and have mediocre food at best. I will not return as this is ridiculous, there are far too many great restaurants where i can have dinner for two for $90 and you feel like it was worth it. $28 dinners for this place? If your even in Seaside, CA go to Stammtisch and enjoy your dinner, service and atmosphere and spend half that. http://www.yelp.com/biz/stammtisch-restaurant-seaside
4	Cafe Heidelberg, where do I start? The food was very good. I have lived in Germany for a long time and I can say that the food was very authentic. We had a triple course menu with German potato soup (VERY GOOD), schnitzel baked with ham and Swiss cheese, and dessert ( I ordered the Schwarzwaelder Kirchtorte = Black forest cherry cake and my husband had the Apfelstrudel with Vanilla sauce). The entree came with a side of potato salad and spaetzle. Thinking about the warm potato salad makes my mouth water:)Service was good. She over spilled my husband's beer... He almost cried lol Beers were imported and brought back some memories. All in all, I think this place is a little too pricey. Ok. the portions are big, but honestly I would rather have smaller portions and pay less for it. I still have my restaurant.com coupon that I couldn't use that day, because they only work on the normal entrees and not the special menu. Might go back, not sure yet...
5	Had lunch after the real lunch hours were over and owner still made us German potato pancakes. I thought she was very nice and food was very good and authentic. Im sure the dinner would be great.
4	I love German food and always have trouble finding affordable and authentic German fare.  Cafe Heidelberg's menu covers a wide range of food and styles and is also affordable, for those other reviewers complaining about the entree prices I will tell you that as someone who visits many German restaurants an entree cost of $15-$30 is MORE than reasonable.If you are interested in checking out this place I would suggest going to Restaurants.com and catch a gift certificate when they are running specials.
3	Our usual dining group went to the cafe this week. We ordered a variety of dishes and ate family style. My favorites were the rolled cabbage and the dumplings. The red cabbage and sauerkraut were good, but the potatoes and spatzel were just okay. The wiener schnitzel was over cooked and dry. The desserts were excellent.
4	I've been here dozens of times and this restaurant is one of those where I'll keep returning, if only for the schnitzel on a bun.Granted, their spaetzle is bland on its own.. all noodles are.. so I like to confound the staff by ordering a size of spaetzle with saurbraten sauce.. so yummy!  I do love the saurbraten meal, but I realized it's the sauce that I love about it mostly.Their warm potato salad and red cabbage side dishes are always on my order, love them both.But, back to my schnitzel on a bun.. they only have it on their lunch menu but you can order it any time you want.  As a refugee from Iowa, I grew up on pork tenderloin sandwiches.. this is as close to the Iowa experience as I've found.  You eat it like a burger, and choose your toppings accordingly.  My only complaint is the mustard... as a German restaurant, they only have the brown mustard as an option.  But, mustard aside, it's something that I have to have periodically and only Cafe Heidelberg can fix this craving.Oh, and my German husband?  Yes, he LOVES this restaurant and absolutely everything on their menu.  :-)
3	Our monthly dining group picked Cafe Heidelberg for dinner before one of our events.  It was my first time ever trying German food, although I've seen plenty on Food Network and Travel Channel.There was 5 of us and we decided on sharing 4 entrees, the Farmer's Plate, The Schnitzel combo, Rinderrouladen and Cabbage rolls, all about $28+ each, kinda steep, I know...Out of the 4 entrees, my favorite was the cabbage rolls, it was moist and flavorful.  The other dishes were just okay.  The deep fried pork was slightly dry.  I think my favorite thing about the meal was the red cabbage.  Their sauerkraut was good too but the red cabbage was delicious!For desert, we got two apples strudels and the chocolate cherry cake.  The strudels were good, but that chocolate cake was AWESOME, not too sweet.Overall, food was good, but would I return? Hmm, not sure, maybe if someone invited me =)
2	Meh...not really sure what the hype was. It was decent food, with large portions but nowhere near worth the $100 our bill came to after two beers and two entrees. We both ordered Franziskaner's and I had the classic schnitzel (I can't remember what my husband had). Everything about this place was average, except for maybe that it's one of the few truly German restaurants in Vegas. The beer selection was great, but I would hope it would be. The red cabbage was yummy, and the potatoes had potential but I don't like onions so I can't really be impartial there.I don't think I would eat here again...
4	Cute little place! We came here with a restaurant.com coupon. The service was extremely friendly, helpful, and attentive. We ordered to entrees and split a strudel for dessert. The entrees were a bit pricey but the portions were huge. The decor was awesome and really made the atmosphere fun. My favorite part was the store attached to the restaurant (which also sells the wonderful strudel). I will be back for that strudel.
4	My wife is not really sure what the hype was, but I love this place. It has more than decent food, with large portions but nowhere near worth the $100 our bill came to after two beers and two entrees (which is why I knock off that last star).We both ordered Franziskaner's and my wife had the classic schnitzel while I have an interesting dish of which the name I cannot remember. It was some sort of meat stuffed with something. It was good, I wish I didn't sound like an idiot describing it. The first time I came, without the wife, I had the farmer's plate and it was EXCELLENT but there was so much food I couldn't even finish it all.Everything about this place is great. Everything is authentic and made from scratch, and I've had the same waitress both times I've come and she is just great. The atmosphere is great too, but make sure you go passed the deli and into the actually restaurant area (when you enter the store/deli go left and then right around the corner), because otherwise you'll miss out on the experience. The beer selection was great, but I would hope it would be. And all of the food is excellent.I will come here again whenever I get a chance. Too bad it's not a little closer to home (we're in the Northwest).Either way, definitely go here but beware the prices. They will stack up if you aren't careful.
5	Okay so this is the best German restaurant I think I've been to so far. It's not in the best part of Vegas but it's so much better than Hoffbrauhaus that it's worth a visit. It's a tiny little restaurant with a market/deli adjacent.We went for dinner and even though we got there shortly before closing (we didn't know they closed so early), the waitress was very friendly and happy to serve us. She even let us mill around the market after dinner...no kicking us out so she could rush home.My husband and I ordered from the Chef's special menu and we each got a different type of schnitzel...ALL of them were fabulous! I also got the stuffed cabbage and that was also quite yummy. The portions were so large we had enough leftover for two more meals! We each also ordered a different soup and mine was so yummy, my preschooler bogarted it and chowed down! I barely got 3 spoonfuls out of it. The red cabbage was delish and the spaetzle was soooo buttery and it practically melted in your mouth! For dessert, we shared the chocolate mousse pie and a homemade apple strudel a la mode. YUMMY!Needless to say, by the time we left, I felt like a stuffed cabbage.
2	Well, just read all the rave reviews, and wonder if they don't get out much.  My husband and I went to Cafe Heidelberg for the second time tonite, mostly because we had a $20 coupon from Entertainment book, and we were seeing a show at the Riviera which is just down the street.  I didn't really like the place the first time, but that was quite a while ago, so thought we would try it again.  I had cabbage soup to start and hubby had salad.  He said the salad dressing was very good, but my soup was bland.  I added lots of salt and pepper.  I got sauerbraten and he got a combo of wiener schnitzel and some other kind of meat, which he thought was beef.  Potato dumpling was not worth the calories, red cabbage was so vinegary I had to sprinkle a little sugar on it to get it down, and my three skinny slices of pork were very soft and tasted undercooked, except for the gravy, which was pretty good.  We each had 2 German beers, and split an apple strudel for dessert, which was also pretty good, but then the bill came.Total came to almost exactly $100, less the $20 coupon.  This is cafe food, not gourmet, and a very casual atmosphere, definitely not even close to worth $100.  Our server, Clarissa, did a decent job.  Not overly attentive, but got the job done.  But we definitely will NOT be going back.  I'm not crazy about Hofbrauhaus either, but at least they have good beer and fun entertainment.
4	GERMAN FOOD FOR A PRICE =) well the food here was amazing the potato salad was to die for and the main course of  breaded ham which was amazing.....the price was a little crazy but worth it if you want some authentic german food!
1	Wish I had seen these reviews before going. I will keep it simple. In my opinion this place is a total rip-of as far as the prices charged and the quality/authenticity of the food served. I must say the portions were large, but i guess they have to get rid of the stuff somehow.
5	Yummmmm, tastes like home! Kraut is actually cooked an ever so lightly sweet; the way it's meant to be. Not that cold bitter stuff slipped out of a jar. The wurst are wonderful; fatty and flavorful with a skin that snaps and spurts juicy glory down your throat, inviting you to slake your blooming thirst with an icy beer (the spaten is well worthwhile).The strudel was sweet and hot and ooey gooey and delicious. Salad that came with the meal was meh but tasty; the soups my friends had looked much better.The atmosphere is pure homey kitsch. Think goofy Wisconsin cheese shack. Octoberfest brauhaus. You're there. And the true mark of any german cafe in america; you can buy a beer boot. Win.Love it, will be back soon, and bringing fussy family.
5	Such a shame this place closed.   A greedy landlord forced the tenant out and has had an empty building on his hands since.  The food was awesome and the ambiance was very Munich.   I will miss this place.
