3	Food was OK, service was excellent. The stuffed meatballs seemed to be lacking the stuffing, but the rest of the meal was satisfactory.
3	My friend wanted to go here. Me never having been to an applebee's said yes. Cause you know maybe they have great food and that's why they're everywhere, so I should at least try it!Well it was pretty much what I would have expected. The service was super friendly, I was there earlier than my friend so I thought I'd have to wait at the front for a table, but the hostess cheerfully told me no worries and gave me a table and that she'd direct my friend there when he arrived!We decided to do the 2 for $20 which I thought was a nice idea more restaurants should do this! Started with the honey barbeque boneless wings. My company seemed to enjoy them, though personally I thought there was way too much sauce on them and ended up chewing through all the celery sticks that came with them after trying out two of them. I went with the Cajun shrimp pasta for my entree, while my friend opted for the chicken strips basket with fries. The entrees came out pretty fast and hot which was nice. My pasta was okay, a bit too creamy making me wish I had some acid to cut through the richness. I wouldn't mind eating here occasionally but I wouldn't come back too often.
4	We have been here twice now and have sat at the bar both times as the bar tenders are very nice and keep up with you very well. The bar is large enough to eat at and the various tv's all are on different channels so there is plenty to watch. I have always been a fan of the food at Applebee's and here is no different. They also have my most fav craft beer on draft which is a big plus for me. We had a great time.
4	I stayed at the Hampton Inn next door. I called and ordered delivery on a salad and a drink. They were prompt and friendly . The chicken was steaming hot and the salad was prepared exactly how I wanted it.they came right to my door within 15 min with the food.
1	Speaking of the food - if you've been to one, you've been to all of them. It was ok. I am not a fan of Applebee's and there are so many great places in CLT, why go to a place I can go to anywhere? Anyway, we ended up here one night. The first thing I noticed was the dirty table we were sat next to. Not their fault, maybe some people just left. Over the next hour, though, I watched three or four people sit around and chat about three feet away. One guy kept messing with the rag in a bucket of water but never actually cleaned the table. Finally, our server, who was covering all the tables in our section, cleaned the table. I think his name was Chris and he looked to be the only person working.
2	Not the best Applebee's experience that I've ever had. The individuals I dealt with were friendly, but the food was below what I have come to expect from Applebee's.I called in an order for Car Side to Go, and when I asked if they needed a description of my vehicle, the reply was, "no, that's ok, just come into the bar, I will help you there". Ok, not the biggest inconvenience in the world, but what is the point of having car side to go, if they understaff and just lump it onto the bar tender's responsibilities? As far as the food... Potato Twisters- Whoa, Seasoning! I usually love these, and I enjoy some spice, but these were loaded up to the point that they were not enjoyable. Ultimate Trio Pub Pretzel- the pretzels were fine, but the cheese sauce looked like it was literally scraped off the bottom after it had been left to simmer too long and lost any sign of moisture. I tried reheating it to no avail...the consistency remained a chunky, stringy mass. Chicken Wonton- GoodSliders- Like nothing I have tasted before. No, really, I eat these all the time and something was just "off". I know they are supposed to have Applebee's signature burger sauce, but it just tasted like straight up BBQ sauce.
1	Now, since I live directly across the street, considering this was not my first time here - I thought it would be another memorable eat out...UH NOT!Me and my friend went in about 9:30. We were hungry, it was Friday night and we wanted to get toasted and eat.Now my server was ok, not bad. SHE was more than accommodating and helped us order our food. I started out with a nice Rasp Margarita w. Absolut...WHEW! That was perfect, how can you mess that up! My friend ordered a "sweet" tea...I wondered why he wasn't drinking it.I then helped him order a strawberry Martini.Next up, we did the $12.99 app trio to set things off: Boneless wings, tacos and cheese sticks. Again not bad, but the boneless chicken was fried brick hard, but because I was getting toasted off of that Margarita I ate it. He loved the stix and tacos.Now when it came  to ordering the main course, that's where things started going down hill.... To add insult to injury, asking people for extra napkins should never be hard, but I recall asking for them like 3 times from 3 different people who clearly were coherent when they acknowledged my request and said: "Ok, sure". But never delivered the goods. When I finished my drink, I also ordered a "sweet" tea, while we were making our dinner selections. I chose the 4 cheese mac and he wanted the fish and chips plate.Now keep in mind, it really wasn't packed in the place, since it's friday night, around 10. I would say only about 5-6 tables are being used in total, and the guys @ the bar chilling out, drinking and ordering their apps... doing their thing.Now by this time my server had gone back into the back and when the food came out, another guy delivered it - like ok. He was cool, but not very attentive, like other restaurants. Never asked is there anything else I can get you...NOTHING!  I'M SITTING HERE WITH MY PLATE IN FRONT OF ME, no extra Napkins, nothing to drink and it's not even a packed house. PISS POOR QUALITY.So by this time, another girl (who was pregnant by the way) had came around and noticed my face. She took the time out of what she was doing (making her money, waiting her table) to ask if there was something needed. so I asked again for a "sweet" tea. She went along and got it.Now - I get why my friend wasn't drinking his sweet tea. I wasn't "sweet" tea @ all, just something that was brown and was just water...lmao! Not even unsweetened tea.I complained about that. She said there was a guy making it.So, by this time my server had come around, and I told her about it, and she delivered another cup, which yielded the same results.  She said this guy who  is in charge of making the tea  felt he should make it the way he likes it and that's that! NO IT ISN'T! I WANT SWEET TEA! We all shared a laugh, and she said she would go in the back and make another batch herself.  She also said that there are sugar packs to use on the table, but clearly this "tea" wasn't in need of sugar packs, it was BROWN water. I'm not paying to drink sugar water.When SHE came back, I drank,  I was all smiles. NOW THAT'S A SWEET TEA! Why do they have men making things they clearly know nothing about. WHERE ARE THE WOMEN?Now on to the food - LOL. Clearly an inexperienced male chef made it. Now the pasta had some kind of weird taste to it and my friend hated his fish, as it was fried to brick status. I tasted it and it was all hard on the outside and mushy on the inside. LMAO! Shit was cray! Clearly this place needs to get the men out of the kitchen and get the women in the kitchen! In all with tip, I wasted $61.00, which the meal clearly wasn't worth the 54, I was charged.We went to Red Lobster on Independence last weekend and received top notch A+++ class service. Food was excellent and prepared by knowledgeable chefs. It was a great experience! This one wasn't so. Buy the ladies were all nice and accommodating. I just love female hosts. The men @ this location are not very accommodating.
3	Ever want to see a hipster Applebee's?  I've only come by for lunch during the week, service is usually decent but time to get your food always seems to take a lot longer than it should.  They've also rolled out the new table side computers, I hate how distracting they are and how pushy servers are about using them. Honestly I dropped a star just for that and it will probably cause me to stop coming by as often as I do.Food quality is what you expect, Sysco food with way too much sodium.  Saying that the chicken tortilla soup and honey pepper chicken tenders are pretty good.Last thing is music, not that loud but everything they play is on a sliding scale from meh to truly aggravating.  Wow, after writing this I wonder why we go so much.
2	Mostly empty on a Sunday Panthers afternoon?? Should've been first clue. Seated next to the only other table in restaurant, almost same time. The server took forever to do anything and combined our tables requests but didn't execute very well. My son ordered a kids sized shake - the other table got it and it was regular sized (I didn't see the bill so I don't know what we were charged). We ordered first - they got their food first. We asked for boxes and check first - other table served bills and boxes first. Mind you, every time he "combined" our requests he'd take care of the other table and disappear for a few minutes. The appetizer plates had food dried to it.
2	Usually have good experiences at Applebee's. Not today. Had the strawberry avocado salad and the greens were old and slimy. The toppings were fine but couldn't eat the lettuces. The servers and greeter were great.
