5	Inexpensive and conviently located literally right down the street from Goodwill so what ever you don't find there you might be able to find at the goodx ol' Goodwill! Lord knows H&M has got some seriously cute clothes accessories! For super cheap! If your in college or if your just fuckin broke as a joke you gotta get it on this store. Peep game kids ... brand new to Pittsburgh but located in most major cities and slowly but surely taking over like Madona in the 80's ... no joke ... check it out.
5	I love H&M.  I love this store in particular because it is huge!  Two floors of awesomeness.  The bottom floor is where all the youthful stuff resides and then the top floor is mostly (though not all) reserved for those of us who have to rock the business casual 5 days a week.  This is the place to get clothes for work!  I had a friend who came here from out of town and she was really excited to stock up on cute suits for not too much money.This store beats the other two Pittsburgh-area locations (that I know of - Pittsburgh Mills in Tarentum and the Mall at Robinson) for its size and variety of stock.Also, sometimes I have a mental block about the South Side, but parking usually isn't too bad, either.  I often find free street parking, or there's the garage there which is, I think, just $1/hour on evenings and weekends.
4	Unfortunately doesn't have the baby/kids section like bigger city H&M's, but still the ol' standby for basics and cute tops on the cheap.
2	Meh.Clientele is obnoxious.  Employees are practically none existent, theyre so helpful *note sarcasm*. The clothes are awesome too bad they fall apart or shrink if you wash them. Wtf!?! You can't shop online. That's absurd.
2	H&M is located close to my workplace, so I pop into this location on occasion. However, overall, I am unimpressed. The layout of the store is just strange to me. The clothing on the 1st floor is the "trendy" a.k.a. European stuff for women, while the upstairs houses the remainder of the women's clothing, such as the more work appropriate items and random other casual things. For some reason , I just find this flow of merchandise really awkward and enjoy shopping at the Ross Park or Robinson location better. I had my first customer service experiences at the store on Black Friday. I needed to try on about 5 sweaters. (Though the quality won't last more than a season or two, I like their styles and fits.) All the fitting rooms were full, and I stood waiting for a room. The attendant initially spoke to me but then proceeded to ignore the fact that several girls had walked out of their fitting rooms and were just hanging out with friends in the hallway. If you had any peripheral vision, you would have noticed that there were now two rooms available... But she continued to ignore me and I had to ask her if it was ok to go back to a fitting room. She didn't really seem to care either way. So, yes, fitting rooms were a bit rude... But I totally understand that it was Black Friday afternoon and the sales associates probably wanted to just run away and scream. Though not an excuse, I've been there before. My main problem was what was occurring right outside the fitting rooms. Two men and a woman were standing outside around a fixture talking loudly about H&M corporate and New York City. Based on this conversation - and how they were dressed - I assumed that they were corporate employees. Instead of helping anyone or anything, they chose to just stand around that fixture for at least 20 minutes and chit chat about nothing.Conclusion of the story? My experience on Black Friday will continue to encourage me to shop this retailer in the 'burbs and avoid this too-cool-for-school location.
5	The price is right. The clothes aren't cut for fat Americans. The fashion is trendy and up-to-date. The quality is, well... it is what it is. This stuff isn't meant to be worn a lifetime, and I'm OK with that.I'm a tall male, 6'3" with long (well, appropriately proportional) arms and I weigh about 170lbs. I'm not "Big & Tall", I'm just ... tall. Somehow, the majority of the clothing market seems to think that tall people must spend their days eating in buffets until they have 47" waists. Or they assume that tall guys like to show 3" of wrist and some hot flashy midriff in dress shirts.I can walk through a Macy's or Nordstrom and not find a single piece of clothing that fits me properly or looks nice. I walk into H&M, and almost everything fits. I try everything that looks nice on. The staff is friendly, helps me decide what looks nice, what doesn't. Then, I walk out of the store with 10 pieces (winter jacket included) for what I could have paid for a single shirt at Nordstrom. Really, it is just what I want. Well, what I *really* want is Zara clothing at H&M prices. Let's work on getting a Zara to Pittsburgh, first.
2	I like the urban setting of this store, Pittsburgh needs more mall stores outside the mall.  Although it seems like I love or hate this store because of the rapid turnover in the selection they carry, I still come back here.I know that this is suppose to be a hip place to buy clothes, but the employees here need to realize that doesn't give them a pass to forget they work retail.  Pay attention to the customers, I'm in here for a reason.  When you scatter like flies when I approach, that makes me want to leave your store and not buy anything.I'll stop back in when I get a chance to browse again, but not on purpose.  I'm not going to make a special trip to come here.
3	This place always has amazing prices and is relatively par on quality for the price. Unfortunately, I have gotten things from them that have fallen apart relatively quickly- but I don't have any major complaints because the items are in style and again, very cheap. This branch in particular is a significant two stories, and there are always a bunch of staffers walking around to help. One complaint I would have, however, is that there never seem to be enough people checking people out- thus, lines (especially close to the holidays) tend to build up.
