5	I had to find a club appropriate shirt pretty last minute. It had to be red for a charity theme. I tried Mastrionni Fashions, which has served me well a few times before. No luck. Then I went near Boca Park. I figured my odds of success would increase by searching at a larger retail area. First, I tired Banana Republic across the street. They had one red button-up shirt for $60, it felt very thin and cheaply made. Then since I was there, I tried the Gap next door. No surprise, even worse luck. Almost giving up, I shot across the street to the Men's Wearhouse. I walked in and was greeted by a nice salesman. I told him the situation, and he was eager to help. He measured my neck, arm length and chest. Then he grabbed a solid red shirt for me. It was dead-perfect. They had a 2 for 1 sale going on. He showed me the section of shirts that would fit me, and I grabbed another shirt that I liked. It was also a perfect fit. The shirts here were at least three times the quality of the crap that Banana Republic was trying to sell. Wrinkle free FTW!! And at two-for-one, they came out to about $40 each. They also had just received some great hockey sweatshirts and jackets that were also two-for-one. I grabbed two great Rangers items for my dad and got some Christmas shopping done while I was there. Everyone from the salesman to the lady ringing me up were extremely friendly and helpful. The salesman steamed my shirts and another salesman was trying to give me crap about the Rangers, suggesting I bought some Red Wings stuff instead. It gave me a pretty good laugh. In summary, I would definitely return to this Men's Wearhouse for future purchases. I was taken care of from the moment I stepped through the door, to the moment I left. Plus, they aint just whistlin' Dixie when they "guarantee" you'll like the way you look. How often do you get to read a review with the words "whistlin' Dixie" in it??
1	I used to be a loyal men's warehouse shopper. I had a casual job and only needed to wear suits sporadically. I have recently taken a job where I have to dress formally everyday. I was in the store to buy a few new suits and am very unhappy with how one of them fits. I feel like a 10 year old wearing my dads suit. It is gigantic. After a few alterations the suit still felt big. When I had it altered initially I mentioned that the suit was huge and the store associate darla said it looked good and they couldn't take it in anymore. A few weeks later I wore the suit once and it was horrible. Jacket was too long and the pants made me feel like I was wearing a tent. I took it back. They said they could alter it. The staff was not apologetic for not doing it right the first time and overall the team was very unfriendly. Like I was an inconvenience in their day. They said they could alter it would cost me another $15 and would take almost 10+ days. I will get this suit, but will not be buying anything here again. The sales lady was constantly blaming the other tailors for doing a poor job and said the best tailor was back and that the other tailors were not very good. I will not be back. If this is how your staff treat each other. No wonder the client experience was so poor. Epic fail.
5	My husband was in need of a suit for our cruise. He doesn't wear suits normally so we had no idea where to start. Thankfully we had a great sales associate! Zena was wonderful! We will recommend to anyone to go and see her.
1	So we go in to register what the guys need to get the lady was extremely rude and could care less why we were even there. She continues to put us in the computer and when a friend goes to go in and get fitted they don't even have anything in the system couldn't even find it by name or group number I will never go to this store againAfter 4 months go back in and they canceled the grooms order plus lost the money and messed up another order Return two weeks later to drop off the lady did not once make eye contact she stared at the computer when she said hello and said we were done talk about horrible people skills
1	Used this location for my wedding and have never had worse customer service in my life.  They were extremely frustrated with me for wanting to try on my entire tux before purchasing.  Spent over $1200 and they gave me crap about wanting to try on both a bow tie and traditional tie.  Not one person in the store new how to perform their  complete job.  Worked with 3 different people and each time they would have to call another location on how to perform what you would think is a common process.  One person would know how to measure and fit you but could not use the register.  One person could use the register but not find inventory.  So if anyone else is there shopping, expect it to take a while.  It takes all three people together to perform the task of one.  I like their clothes but can't deal with the service.
1	Bad customer service. We are helping plan my brother & sister in law's wedding. We came in to this location to inquire about tux rentals for the men & the staff was rude & condescending. We were looking for a very specific style that they ended up not having. Even if they had actually Carried what we were looking for, we would have gone elsewhere after the attitude the staff had. They even made jokes about my brother within earshot of us. Rude & disrespectful. My brother & sister in law obviously won't be using them for their wedding. I am definitely not using them for my own upcoming wedding & will be advising all my friends to do the same.  Unbelievable.
5	If you need to find some good mens clothes (dress or casual) at a reasonable price give this place a shot.  Great selection of shirts, pants, suites, outerwear and shoes.  If you're like me and need some style help ask for Zina!  She really does at great job at getting to know you and selecting choices that will fit your style and occasion.
