5	This is a wonderful restaurant. Refreshing to finally have good food in Old Town Scottsdale. The menu is perfect for anyone at any age, the service is great and the food is fantastic. The Duck Sliders were incredible, a must try.The Spinach Artichoke dip was wonderful and a great portion.Ahi Crunchy Salad was amazing.They have an amazing bar and a great atmosphere. Cool staff, great music, go in your beach wear or dress it up for a romantic date. Very cool place and very affordable. You have to try Sevens' Bistro. AMAZING!!!!***** FIVE STARS *****
5	Seven' Bistro opening is like God's gift to my 2012.  It's a brief walk down the greenbelt from my house, they're open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and the menu looks great - and priced to rock my socks.The boyfriend and I grabbed lunch yesterday, and as always when I'm picking the place, I'm nervous.  He's worked in the industry and can be snobby when he sees that things aren't done right.  Thankfully, even though Sevens' has only been open a week and a half, he had no complaints!  In fact, he loved it as much as I did.I ordered the Caprese Grilled Cheese (vegetarian here) and upgraded to the Truffle Fries.  The sandwich was great - even better than I expected.  And the truffle fries? HOT DAMN they were good!  The only downside couldn't be helped by the staff - once the bf got a taste of them, they were suddenly "our" fries.  He ordered the Duck Sliders, and must have been thrilled - he devoured them faster than I've seen him eat most things.  The house-made potato chips came with it, and they were good, just nowhere near the Truffle Fries.As a boozy beverage guru, he chatted it up with the bartender, Noah (who is awesomely unpretentious and oodles of fun), and ordered the Le Poir.  From my little knowledge of beverages, I'm fairly certain it's essentially a pear martini.  It was refreshing, smooth, and utterly delicious.  The kind of drink that will make me grateful I can walk/stumble home.On top of the outstanding food, beverage, and service, the decor make me tingle.  It's not over the top or grandiose, but it is simple and beautiful.  A quick swap of the plastic plants for real plants, improving the chalkboard artistry, and shazzam - perfection!I'm looking forward to many more meals here... I can nearly taste the veggie eggs benedict now.
5	What a wonderful place to have a drink and great food. The staff is wonderful and willing to strike up a conversation. My burger was cooked to perfection. I will look forward to coming here time and again. I couldn't ask for a better dining experience.
4	I had brunch here with a friend today. She ordered a delicious breakfast (wish I could remember what it was called) and I ordered the Ahi Tuna Crunch Salad. The food was delicious! We both cleared out plates!The service was on point! Even a gentleman opened the door for me! At 10:40 am? Cool.Our waiters were on top of things. We got our order fast and the drink refills were flowing. The atmosphere is contemporary and comfortable. One of the owners even spent some time with us at our table. Really nice guy. He cares deeply about his new restaurant. I hope and pray for its success.I look forward to coming again with my hubby. I'm still salivating over that salad! And I was eyeballing the burger and their breakfast omelette, and I'm curious about the desserts! Yummy!Come check this place out! I noticed the 15% discount for Yelpers. Especially cool.
5	Phenomenal!!  It is my daughter's birthday and she selected Sevens' bistro as she had eaten there last week and had a great experience.  Upon arriving I wasn't too sure of her restaurant selection but any preconceived thoughts were quickly abandoned after we walked through the double glass doors.  The decor is beautiful and the ambience incredible (can't wait to do a date night). We were quickly seated in a comfortable, roomy booth.  Our server, Steven, was on top of his game, while not being invasive.  We never lacked for anything - our water glasses were unobtrusively refilled and the flow between courses was perfect!  The wine and beverage selection is very good and the wine was at a reduced price during happy hour.  I definitely want to experience some of the specialty drinks at my next visit (when I am not driving) especially the Le Poir and Mandarin Caliente.We started our evening with an appetizer - Warm Spinach and Artichoke dip with seasoned flat bread.  I've had this at many restaurants and none come close to the taste and texture of this wonderful starter.  The entrees, after much indecision, I selected the Braised Short Ribs (also at the recommendation of Steven) with garlic mash potatoes and grilled veggies.  The portions were generous and I am looking forward to leftovers for lunch tomorrow.  My daughter had the Enraged Papardelle Pasta which had the perfect blend of flavors and just the right amount of spice.As it was a special occasion, we selected for desert the Bistro Cookie for Two.  This was a delicious, warmed chocolate chip cookie with ice cream and drizzled with caramel, chocolate and a slight sprinkling of powdered sugar.  I've had these deserts before at a few local restaurants but none compare with Sevens' bistro.  As it was a public place, and I wanted to return soon, I held back from licking the dish.  It is that good!!!!!!!!!The best surprise was when I received the bill and this entire meal, for two, was less than $60.  This is a new restaurant and it's one, of few in the valley that delivers perfection at every step.
2	What a DISAPPOINTMENT !!  About a month ago we had a stellar lunch here. Great food, even better service. Decided to bring friends back with us to give them a treat. My bad.  Our server was perfunctory at best, with an attitude. Dishes came out of the kitchen with no thought - starters were served with mains, items were missing from several plates. Some were inedible (meatballs and lava chicken). It took ages for the food to come out of the kitchen (at a not very busy lunch hour). This happened on our first visit too, but since everything was tasty, and our waiter entertaining we didn't mind. But who wants to wait for bad food and unpleasant service?
5	Wonderful breakfasts - everything from a breakfast burrito to bacon & blueberry pancakes to eggs benedict.  Parking was easy.  I could see getting cozy in the bar for Sunday football.  Very clean, friendly, casual, tasty and reasonable.  In cooler temperatures, they will lift the garage doors for an al fresco / outdoor dining option.  Ample seating, so no need to wait as you do with other Scottsdale eateries.  Good stuff.
2	I loved the decor of Avalon so much that I was really happy to see another restaurant take over the space.  So when the unthinkable happened and my husband took a day off of work to spend with me, I picked Sevens for breakfast.  With the exception of one other table, we had the restaurant to ourselves.  I was surprised to see a bartender at 10 am on a Monday morning, so my husband put him to work with a Bloody Mary which received high marks.  I talked myself out of a mimosa and was glad I did because my orange juice was not only not fresh squeezed, it tasted like concentrate.  As much as I wanted Sevens to be my favorite breakfast spot, it needs a little work.  I like crispy hash browns, but these were so overdone there was no sense of a potato left.  But our main complaint was the level of salt used.  My husband ordered the Meat Lovers Benedict and instantly commented it was too salty.  Well, with jalapeno bacon, canadian bacon, and prosciutto, I thought it was somewhat understandable, but the egg and hollandaise should have balanced it out a little.  With my own breakfast, I would discover the problem with his...the pork green chili.I ordered a breakfast burrito described as filled with "eggs, hash browns, italian sausage, and cheese, drenched with green pork chili and topped with shredded cheese".  Actually the chili was inside the burrito, so I'm completely not understanding the sausage (I substituted bacon).  And there was no shredded cheese on top, instead it  was their jalapeno cheese sauce.  I liked the sauce, but I think a dish ought to be prepared as described on the menu.  But the problem again was that it was salty to the point that a lesser eater would not have gotten it down.  Upon tasting the components, hash browns really salty.  Bacon exceptionally salty, even for bacon.  Green chili over the top salty.  Had this been served alone, I would have actually sent it back and ordered something else, and that's something I never do.  But I had a $20 gift certificate, so I didn't complain since we were really only paying for drinks.For the good.  The menu is perfect in my book for breakfast with a nice combination of savory and sweet dishes, and some southwest items tossed in the mix.  The lemon ricotta pancakes almost had me, and I would still love to try them.  The service was excellent.  All the staff was friendly.  Our server was attentive.  You couldn't ask for more there.   And the prices are really good.  Most breakfast dishes $7-$8, nothing over $9.  I just don't know that I want to consume a week's worth of sodium in one meal again.  But I might be persuaded to come back for dinner when there might be another chef.
2	The restaurant is decorated really nice but the food was just average.  Also, they blast terrible club music so it kinda kills the ambiance.  We had an issue with one of our apps and had to send it back.  Although the waiter was really nice and took it off the bill, the manager who seemed to have a bad attitude never bothered to stop by to address it.  We were one of three other tables in the restaurant, I am pretty sure she had time.  Probably wouldn't go back.
3	I think it is great for a restaurant to offer comfort foods for three meals a day.  Sevens seems to be this type of establishment where you can come in for a Bloody Mary and Eggs Benedict in the morning, and be back later that night for Miso Glazed Salmon and a bottle of Sauvignon Blanc from New Zealand.  Furthermore, during Happy Hour (every day from 3p-6:30p) there is $2 off all glasses of wine, beer, and specialty cocktails) and 1/2 off selected appetizers.  Great opportunity to sample an Italian Greyhound or a Cucumber Gimlet, for $7.The ambiance is sexy, modern, clean, earthy, and overall just a great space - battling against a not so great location.I had lunch here and have to be honest in saying that I was not overly impressed.  Spinach and Artichoke dip, alongside the Caprese Grilled Cheese and fries was good but nothing memorable.  The dip was lackluster, the grilled cheese just average.  Perhaps other items on the menu, such as the breakfast options, are fantastic.  But I strongly feel that if you are going to offer dishes to your patrons that they can get any pub, sports bar, or franchise, make yours memorable.For lunch hour on a Tuesday we were one of three tables.  The service was nice, but considering the restaurant was not busy and we were a very laid back table - I truly feel we could have received some extra attention.  I strongly encourage businesses to offer the complete package when it comes to the dining experience.  If the service was memorable I may be open to coming back and trying out the breakfast menu, but I am usually not that discerning.  Unfortunately, the food I did have lacked the wow factor.
5	All I can say is Amazing!! Burgers are delicious and cooked perfectly. The chips are incredible .. Crisp and not too salty. Fries are the same. Don't get the reviews that say music too loud and food salty. Not the case. Loved the whole experience! Person I was with said the onion soup was excellent as well.
4	Went to Sevens'  for happy hour one Friday evening. Very nice setting. To bad it is on McDowell Rd. We had a few of the starters. The Garlic Grilled Veg Platter,  everything was cooked well and had good flavor.  The Satay Trio  very good, I will get them again.  The Duck Sliders  fabulous  best sliders I have ever had.  Finished it off with a slice of German Chocolate cake.  A bit dry but had good flavor.  We certainly will be going back.  Looking forward to trying the breakfast.
4	Pretty good.  I had the Ruben.  Not as good as you would get at say Thirsty Lion or Robbie Fox's (which is a corned beef sandwich not a Ruben) but still quite good. Shoe string fries were awesome.  My buddy got one of the burgers, and I forget which one, but he said it was awesome.
4	I was a little unsure about the location to start, but once you go inside you realize the owners put a lot of heart and soul into their restaurant.  The place looks as nice as any of the high end restaurants in the Scottsdale hub. Their music selection was excellent. The staff was SUPER friendly and professional.  We ended up eating at the bar and enjoyed our experience thoroughly.
5	My sister and I ate lunch here today after seeing a deal for it on Local Dines.  Walking in, the decor and ambiance was great-- like any high end restaurant you will find in Scottsdale.  The staff was extremely nice when we entered, they opened the doors when anyone came in or left, and kindly greeted us! We are huge fans of Spinach Artichoke Dip, so we knew we wanted to try it at Sevens'.  My sister and I couldn't decide on breakfast or lunch, so we got both! We ordered the Lemon Ricotta pancakes and Sevens' Bistro Burger, alongside the dip.The dip came out first.  Great presentation and it smelt so so good!  We quickly decided that it was the BEST Spinach Artichoke dip we have ever had-- and we order it almost everywhere we go.  It is a MUST TRY at Sevens'. The pancakes were so light and fluffy, and the lemon syrup was delicious.  I love pancakes, so I ate every last bit.The burger was cooked perfectly and the butter bun was nice and crisp!  The truffle fries we ordered on the side were crunchy and just right!  Overall, great experience.  The owner was there, and he spoke with us briefly about the restaurant.  You can tell he has put a lot of time and heart into it, to ensure that guests enjoy their food and experience!  He commented that none of the foods are ever frozen, and brought in fresh almost daily-- which is very important to me when choosing a restaurant.  This is a must try restaurant if you are in the Scottsdale area!
3	Pros: Nice ambiance, good service and quick preparation. Cons: Overpriced. Although the soup and vegetable platter were good, the main curse (a pasta) seemed like a $7 pasta rather than a $14 one. It was just a mix of marinara and pasta and some cheese sprinkled on it.
3	It's a beautifaul space in an unsuspecting place. I have heard breakfast is wonderful. The pleasent staff, and owner want to make sure you enjoy the new restaurant.TB
3	Tried for the first time the other night and was surprised to see this type of decor on McDowell, as it looks like it should be in Old Town.Aside from the looks, I thought our waiter was very nice and very accommodating.  Between the three of us we had the Cioppino, Salmon & Jalapeno Burger.  Everyone seemed to enjoy there meal and I could easily recommend this for most to try.I did think the prices were a little high and we were one of only three occupied tables, so the place was almost empty.
3	Too Bad....My wife and I had breakfast here a few months ago and it was fantastic. The jalapeno bacon is outstanding. Couldn't wait to try their dinner. Last Sunday, 7 of us went to celebrate my wife's birthday. Again the food was good, however, the service was terrible. Unfortunately there appeared to be not enough wait staff. Plenty of bus staff (who did very little). The waitress did her best but got no support from anyone else. Appetizers came out and we had to ask for plates. Took the bus staffer 5 minutes to find some. We had to ask to have the dishes from the appetizer round removed from the table as the entrees were being brought out. They took away all our silverware and didn't replace it. Had to hunt down someone to give us silverware. Meanwhile there were 2 or 3 bus staff meandering around the restaurant. Asked for tartar sauce for the fish n chips (which are excellent) twice before someone finally brought it.Don't know if this was just a one time thing but our guess (one of the party had been a waiter for several years) is that this is the way it is. Too bad.
1	This is by far the worst restaurant experience that I have ever encountered so far. I've driven by Sevens' plenty of times before they opened, looked them up online and was excited to try them out. Their menu looked really good and tasty. I finally got around to having dinner there this past weekend. The menu you see on their website for lunch & dinner is not what you'll see when you go in. Online, they combine both their lunch and dinner menus making it appear larger. But when we were there on a Friday night around 7, we were only given the dinner menu which was about half the size. Now that I'm looking at their menu online, the prices are also not accurate. It's probably because they're showing the lunch prices which are typically lower.When we arrived, it was dead. There were a few people at the bar and two other tables. We were seated inside the restaurant close to the patio. They had the patio doors open making it way too cold. Some heat lamps were definitely needed. Good thing I wore a leather jacket. The restaurant is really well decorated, clean, and modern. I didn't see what it used to look like as Avalon so I don't know how much they remodeled. We were greeted and seated right away.We got the monkey bread and spinach and artichoke dip to start for 5 of us. The monkey bread was raw. At first we thought it was gooey cheese, no it was raw dough. Bleh! We told the waiter and he took it away and later brought us out a new one. The new one was clearly burnt. I didn't even bother trying it. The small piece of the first one I had was okay. Tasted similar to Red Lobster's cheesey biscuits with some honey. I thought it was supposed to have garlic butter? The spinach and artichoke dip came out on a huge plate. However, there were probably 8 wedges of pita to go with it. The dip was edible but way too garlicy. There needs to be more pita for the proportion of dip though. My boyfriend and I got the duck sliders to split and the lemon basil chicken. Other people got burgers, duck sliders, and french onion soup. The duck sliders were okay. I took the onion, cilantro, jalapeno off because I don't like them. We also asked for the spicy mayo sauce to be on the side. Good thing we asked if it came with a sauce since it didnt' say on the menu. If your familiar with those pork buns you can get at he Asian Bakeries for $2, that's pretty much what it tasted like. Good but not worth $12. My boyfriend at the sandwich with the condiments on it and said that it didn't go well together at all. The chips are those kinds you get at the fair. However, just looking at them, you can tell that they were drenched in the cooking oil. They were so soggy and flimsy. How did the cook see that and think it looked appetizing? Another person got the duck sliders which came out 15 minutes later for some reason and the chips were just as soggy. Our meals didn't really come out at the same time but I guess I'd rather get it right away than have it sitting under a heat lamp. The fries that come with the burger are similar to those from Steak and Shake (thin-cut/shoe string fries). Those were probably the best thing out of the whole meal. I was told that the burgers were good. Our lemon chicken was horrible. I've never had to return something back to the kitchen before but it just wasn't good and not worth $20. It was really sour (not sweet and sour, just sour) and the chicken was really rubbery. The chicken was in little strips, I was expecting an actual piece of chicken breast that you usually get at restaurants.Our drinks sometimes went empty but other than that our waiter was really nice and accommodating. He didn't question that the monkey bread was raw or that we didn't like our dish. I don't think any of us will ever go back. There are just too many other options in Old Town that are so much better. What a shame.Got a message from Jake J. probably someone who has a share in the restaurant since he posted those professional photos. An average diner wouldn't have access to those. Here's what he's got to say: "Got love the complainers. They always have yelp accounts. I had to write once I saw your review. Monkey bread is my favorite and it is not raw in the middle it is melted cheese. Figured you would know that with your advanced pallet or see it with your own eyes. Can't please everyone. Ive been there so many times never had one complaint nor heard one around me until this stupid site that have so called "wanna be food critics" didn't momma teach u anything..... If you don't have anything nice to say don't say anything at all. Guess not. Typical "yelper"" Funny because he has written unfavorable reviews in the past, some even promoting Sevens'. Some people are silly.
4	I loved the atmosphere and food.. Yummy..
1	I went here recently with my husband and a friend of ours. We all really liked Avalon, which was recently housed in this location, so we were looking forward to trying Sevens'. I can't remember the last time I had an experience this bad at a restaurant in the Valley. It was Saturday night and there were only a few people at the bar and a table full of very drunk and very loud college football fans.      We  sat down and ordered a round of drinks and our meals. They have a decent selection of draft beers and cocktails. My friend ordered an italian greyhound and it was just okay. The menu stated the drink had basil in it and it did, but for 9 dollars and for a "speciality" drink one would expect a muddle of fresh basil, not a few shakes of dried basil from a jar. After awhile we realized we had waited almost 45 minutes and our food still had not arrived. The table of college football fans had barely just gotten their food. So we waited, the server came over and told us there was a backup in the kitchen and our food would be out soon. So we waited more, not a single plate was coming out of the kitchen. We waited a little more, after about an hour of waiting our food came. I had the jalapeno burger, my husband the cioppino, my friend the short ribs.    The food was OK, my burger was good, but not definitely not worth the wait. My husband said the seafood in his cioppino was good, but the tomato sauce was really bland and took away from the dish. My friends short ribs looked really sad, she said they were tender but lacked flavor, there was no sauce and the dish was really flat. Her veggies were practically raw. Definitely not worth the 20 dollar price tag.   When the server brought our food she acknowledge the long wait and said she notified the owner, who has been sitting at the bar all night. She let us know she was trying to get him to offer a free dessert. Gee, how generous. The biggest disappointment was that the owner/manager never came to speak to us or apologize. He sat at the bar. I understand things happen, but show some professionalism, show your customers you care about their experience.    When the server came to clear our plate she let us know if we wanted dessert it would be on the house, almost a non-gesture since the last thing we wanted to do was wait some more. She brought our check and i was taken back by the 82 dollars total. Charging 7 bucks each for a draft beer, wow.  I really wanted to like this place, it is in such a nice space and has good atmosphere. The mediocre food, poor service and lack of management will keep me away.
4	We had a very enjoyable dinner last night with a gorgeous sunset off the patio. Keith and Kyle were great and very helpful with the menu. I had the short ribs $20 very good and my wife had the lemon basil chicken $16 OK, no basil and good calamari ($5 during H/Hour) The sides of grilled vegetables were some of the best and crispiest we have ever had. We presented the local dines coupon for $30 and not a hesitation from Keith. Some restaurants have so many restrictions that it ends up not worth it. Very nice Hess Select Chard for H/H $5. Good spot, good location!Sorry Melissa, we went to Avalon twice and both times the food was overpriced, the staff was very pretentious, and acted like the customer was an after thought. I knew they would not last long with their poor attitude.This is also a great breakfast restaurant. The eggs benedict with jalapeno bacon is excellent. My wife and I will be back again!
4	Great neighborhood spot. I was pleasantly surprised going in the place, it was very upscale and nice inside, without being stuffy. Kind of a lounge feel. Food was pretty good, there were a few hiccups, but they had just opened. I look forward to trying it again, as SoSco needs more great indie spots.Support small business!
5	We had a Travel Zoo voucher that we redemmed at Sevens' bistro.  This place really exceeded our expecations.  The atmosphere is nice.  The staff was friendly and attentive.  Our food was delicious.  The whole experience was a great one!  We ordered the meatball appetizer (yum!), salads (the balsamic dressing is amazing), the salmon dinner (cooked perfectly), and the braised short ribs.  Everything was great. We will definitely be back!
5	We have had breakfast and now dinner there last night. They have great service and food. I hope they stay busy there and maybe open a location in north Scottsdale. I had the short rib dinner, so good.  The waitstaff and managers were attentive and nice. Go there bring friends and have a beer.
5	Great place! Love the burgers and if you like wedge salads you'll love theirs! It's amazingly good!
5	We had the Pleasure to eat at this Fantastic Resturant 3 times while my husband and I visted the Scottsdale area. The 1st time was last Saturday Night. Kyle was our helpful waiter. Lots of advice on the menu and drinks.: ) My husband ordered a Box Car and I ordered a Bellini. Very Pleasing cocktails! We ordered some of the best starters I have EVER had. The DUCK SLIDERS & the LAVA CHICKEN. For Dinner my husband had the Jalapeno Burger and I had Chopped Salad. They were Delightful.We also had a opportunity to speak to the owner Bryan. Very personable and humble guy : )2nd Time was Sunday Morning ( we were staying across the way at the 3 Palms Resort, so acess to such a Wonderful Eatery Was Sooooo Great!) Brandon took care of us that morning. A Fun upbeat fellow. I had a Fresh Mimosa w/ my RAGE HASH... I really enjoyed the layers of flavors in the dish. My Man had the Classic Benedict. He said  it was excellent w/ a perfect Hollandaise Sauce.3rd Time we headed in before we had to head home the next day. We decided to have a Patron and Beer at the Bar. We met friendly and Basketball smarty Shane. We ordered more.... LAVA CHICKEN. We were Happy Campers.So, in closing... We Will be back to this Splendid Place next time we are in town.
5	The staff was amazing and the food delicious.  Shane was the greatest bartender, and the manager I can't remember his name at night but he was amazing.  You don't want to leave because you feel like you are old friends with all of them.  The food, I ate breakfast, lunch, and dinner while I was in town.  All three delicious, burgers, veggies, hummus, you really can't go wrong with anything you order.  At the bar, order the Lemon Drop.. by far the best one I have ever had, and I'm kind of of drunken expert on them. Oh yeah, and they are so prettiest Lemon Drops I've ever seen (inside joke)!! If you are in Scottdale stop by you won't regret it!
2	We were one of THREE tables in the restaurant, there were two servers on staff, and the service still was incredibly slow; our server disappeared for so long that the other server came to check on us, and we had to ask for our bill. Our server also was pretty rude. We ordered the monkey bread, which was underwhelming. We also ordered the meatballs, and those were good. The decor of the place is gorgeous, but it doesn't make up for the bad service and mediocre food.
5	Fabulous Ginger Miso Grilled Salmon!!! Great staff as well
5	If you know me at all...  You know I don't like to waste your time writing extensive reviews.  I'm just not attention-needy enough to force you to keep reading, reading, and reading about my opinions.  So here you go...The biscuits and gravy were a little dry.  But unless you're having B&G in the South, it will never be the best!  So it's a pass. The meat-lovers Benedict was great.  Try it.DEFINITELY go here for brunch and get the Breakfast Burrito.  The BEST I've ever had!  Just do it!  In fact, get off your freaking computer, drive here IMMEDIATELY and get the Breakfast Burrito.  NOW!  You don't even have to thank me.
5	AMAZING! We went for breakfast and 5 of us at the table - some selected the french toast which had very fresh berries, others chose an omelete, and I chose the breakfast burrito. The burrito was the talk of the table, lucky me. I thought everything was delicious and have already suggested Sevens' to others.
4	Very nice.  I'm thinking this is similar to Vig, St. Francis, Windsor or Postinos in terms of fare, decor, and menu design, but without the hype, crowd or pretentiousness of that group of been-there done-that restaurants.Party of seven on a Sunday night.  We were the ONLY group in there other than a few people at the well-stocked bar.  Our server was an attractive young lady who never bothered us too much, but still provided the perfect level of service.  Between the seven of us, we sampled a good number of the appetizers/sides (monkey bread, mussels, mac'n'cheese, french onion soup) and entrees (short ribs, osso buco, salmon, skirt steak) and then I went into "fly on the wall" mode and listened to the following sorts of comments:"Great portions, these short ribs are HUGE.....pork cooked extremely well to a delicate tenderness with wonderful oozing marrow....skirt steak seasoned nicely and cooked dead-on medium rare, monkey bread nice but pretty ordinary, mussels were tasty but sauce was a bit too cool temperature wise....both red and white sangrias were great and a real value at $5.00....really liked the draft beer selection, as well as the unusual selection of bombers (such as Figueroa Mountain Red Lager)....gosh, our server sure is nice and pleasant, she is helpful.....wine list is A-OK, nothing to get too excited about but it has something for everyone.....this lighting is perfect for dinner, good colors all around.....there's something just a bit weird about the location, being in what feels like a hotel parking lot....interior is nice but the 'curb appeal' is definitely hurting this place....it is pretty kid friendly......"So, having taken the pulse of general reaction in our party of seven, I'd say I have to agree with the consensus here:  The food isn't perfect, but it more than holds its own against the other restaurants of similar design and style in Phoenix, and the service is BETTER than the aforementioned trendy places.  The price is right for this level of food and service, I would even say that is is a better-than-average value.  The location is a bit out of the way for me, but still within easy reach on any weekend night.  I'd go there again without hesitation, and recommend it to just about anybody.
5	I was invited to a late lunch/happy hour at Seven's Bistro.  I was worried it might be a little pricey and snooty.  I was happily surprised at the amazing service and wonderful food.  I have been to Seven's twice.  The first time I had a burger.  I had very specific requests (no bun, salad instead of fries).  The wait staff was very friendly and fast.  They took very good care of our group.  The burger was cooked perfectly and tasted great.  The salad was fresh and delicious and included crisp bacon pieces.   The second trip to Sevens we had the beef sliders with spicy sauce and a side of Truffle Fries.  The slider bun had a nice buttery crunch and the grilled onions, pickle, and spicy sauce were the perfect compliment to the burger.   meal was the plate of truffle fries.  My friends and I shared a generous side portion of these crispy, crunchy treats.  I highly recommend Seven's.   It is open and airy.  There are large booths, and small tables that are available both inside and out.  The food is great and the prices are affordable.
4	I can't believe it took me so long to discover this place! This place kicks ass! I ran by this place every day for a year and always wondered what was going on... well, let me tell you - this place is worth the visit. The food is amazing, the staff is friendly, the atmosphere is superb and it is just all around enjoyable. Two thumbs up. My only minor, minor wish would be that the menu would have more options - but what they do have is magnificent!
2	When we first walked in the place looked nice but it was completely empty on a Saturday afternoon, this should've been our first clue. After seeing the monkey bread as an appetizer online (which sounded delicious, or so we thought) and looking at pictures we gave it a try before our main meal. The order of monkey bread that we tried to eat was brought to us by a server who didn't seem crazy to be there himself. We finally asked him if this is how it was supposed to look and taste, he agreed that the bread was burned and actually tried to get the bread apart by hitting it on the plate right there at the table! The burger and sandwich we ordered were nothing special, the fries were by far were the best thing we ate which again were nothing special. I think this place has great potential if the owner would hire wait staff that was attentive and didn't make the kitchen look bad when trying to smash burned bread in front of customers. Just a suggestion. There won't be a second round for us at this place, I am stretching by giving it a two star rating!
2	The music was good, the server was kind and the beer was cold. However, the short ribs were extremely salty and lacked any additional flavor, and the mashers were only so so as well. The strip was over cooked and contained too much fat for the price listed. I would not return to this restaurant, the only reason we were stuck going in the first place was because we missed our reservations else where. I may be bias going into it as the manager was a prick earlier in the day when he saw we had a personal beer by the hotel pool. Use your own judgement but my boyfriend and I were not fans.
2	I honestly have no idea how this place has as many stars as it does. It's been awhile since I've been. I went once with a friend for Brunch on a Sunday. The first sign that a place is less than stellar is when you're the only guests in the joint. I chalked it up to being a newer place. The decor and ambiance are def on point. But the location makes it feel super out of place. It should be in Old Town if it's gonna be decorated like that, not on McDowell and Miller. I ordered the corned beef hash and it was bleh. Nothing special, and my friend ordered a different hash and hers was just not good. Plain and simple not good. The cheese was cut into little squares and all sweaty looking. I mean the presentation of both dishes definitely deserve an A for effort. But you can make a piece of rubber look pretty but it ain't gonna taste good. That's for sure. Another concerning factor was that my friend ordered grapefruit juice. First, she asked if it was fresh squeezed and they said yes. Ummm. No way no how this was fresh squeezed - it was def out of a can and it was def spoiled. You know when juice has been left out too long and it starts to get fizzy because it's fermenting or something? Well that was her juice. Gross.Needless to say I've never been back and I will never go back. Their burgers look and sound amazing but I'm not willing to spend money on this place. I don't know how they're even open still. I'm seriously questioning how these people have left great reviews because it sucked. And Marius E.'s review saying it's similar to the Vig, St Francis, Windsor or Postino?!!??! Are you on crack fool?
3	Coming in on a Friday night there was a huge crowd in the bar area. I was afraid there was a long wait but the hostess was able to seat us immediately. Turns out there was a special event going on. It was great people watching for my date and I as it clearly was a 50 and over singles ready-to-mingle event. Service was good and decor was nice. There were only a handful of tables aside from us and the special group. Food was good and freshly made. The wait proved that but luckily we had good entertainment and glasses of wine to hold us over. I had the Seafood Cioppino (sp?) and my husband had a ribeye steak. Both were good but you're looking at $40/ person with drinks. For that price, I'm kinda looking for more.
2	Very disappointed. Ordered basil lemon chicken. Too salty even though I like salt. The chicken was dry and tough. We were there for dinner, the day after Easter. The dining room was empty except for one couple besides ourselves. I tried to order bread pudding. The waiter said: "We don't have any. Yesterday was Easter and we only had one customer all day, so the owner decided not to prepare any bread pudding. He decided not to cook it today also." I will never go back and won't recommend Sevens Bistro.
1	WOW service was bad... That is the waiter was awesome, the kitchen sucked in getting us our food. Although most all the food was good, some was less the good. The cocktails were delish. The restaurant was really beautiful, but strange for the area! I do not think they will be open much longer.... Sad...
3	Ok, first off, the deco in here is VERY cool. I want to steal a few ideas for my own house. The color scheme and fixtures are so modern and complimentary...and great choice of dinner music.The place was DEAD. And I mean DEAD on a Sunday night at 6:30pm, which I thought was weird. Not sure if it's new and they are still drawing attention to their location? The food was ok. The chicken and rice we got was dry and the penne rosa was swimming in sauce...like I literally could not find my penne under the sauce at times, but the flavor was good...just needed less sauce! The service was fantastic and friendly and we enjoyed chatting with our server. Might be interested in coming back, maybe it was just an off night?Again, the decor is top notch.
3	Came for Sunday Brunch last weekend to start off my Sunday Funday. The Garden Eggs Benedict and Meat Lovers Eggs Benedict were GREAT! But the hash browns were drastically overcooked and crunchy like potato chips! Kitchen staff & Serving staff NEEDS to pay more attention to Quality...seriously, the waitress should have seen that they were practically burnt.I'll give this place another shot and Rate It Again later...
2	4 star average out of 54 reviews? What could go wrong! UGH.WTF, Yelp? You are usually spot on, or at least KIND OF in the ballpark when it comes to rating places. I have honestly noidea how Sevens has a 4 star average.For a small positive, at least the decor is cool. The big garage doors opened onto a large patio, and as other reviews mention, the ambiance is pretty awesome. I loved the big sparkly lamp/light fixture that hung over a tall table in the middle of the dining room. Everything felt modern and sleek. I thought the chalkboard inside the bar area really clashed with the decor...I don't know, spelling out your million fruity martini drinks (Orange Julius? I just got diabetes) doesn't seem so fancy.The location is weird. This place had to have been a bank in a former life, right? It sits like a giant mansion right on McDowell and 77th, and right besides some SKETCHO hotel. Me: "Who the hell stays at a hotel right here?" Boyfriend: "People making meth." We walked in and, seeing three other tables at 10:00 a.m. on a Sunday in Scottsdale, should have known to just peace out. The first thing I saw was a couple sending back a plate of food. Awesome! It took way too long to be greeted. Our server was nice enough, but it was so obvious he wanted to be ANYWHERE but working. I understand, it's Memorial Day weekend and you're working but man. You just gotta do it sometimes.The food actually earned the second star. It was pretty tasty. I had the veggie benedict (I loved the tiny knife cuts of assorted veggies--roasted asparagus standing out) and it was tasty, although one of my poached eggs had been pierced and the yolk was all sopped up by the English muffin by the time it arrived to the table. The hash browns were seasoned and delicious. My side of fruit was on the same plate as the hot food--no separate tiny bowl or plate for cold fruit? It was meh--honeydew, melon, watermelon.BF ordered the "enraged" corned beef hash. Again, he said it was tasty, but not exactly "enraging" (aka, not that spicy) and it came with a uniform square (Kraft single?) of cheese melted on top. Uh?Protip: They serve bottomless mimosas for $15 until 2:00 p.m. on the weekend. Even if you just want two, get this. Why? Because just one is $10. Made with bottled, concentrated juice and a normal amount of champagne. Really? I can go down the street to Orange Table (leaps and bounds over Sevens, in all aspects) and get a full glass of champagne + St. Germain (their Daybreak drink...delicious) for $7. Give me a break. Perhaps their 4 star average is based on an amazeballs, 180 degree turn from breakfast dinner and happy hour...but we won't be back to find out.
1	One word summary: abysmal. Wow, where do I begin. I came here for Sunday brunch with my parents based on the good reviews, and I can't even begin to express my disappointment. Things started out fine. Our server, Jenny, seemed nice enough. She took our order quickly. I ordered the garden frittata, mom the beach benedict w/ home fries, and dad the american bistro breakfast.Food comes. Mom's beach benedict comes with hash browns instead of home fries. It's also missing the star ingredient: avocado. We tell Jenny, and she says..."Oh, sorry the kitchen menu is different than the customer menu. Sometimes dishes come out slightly different than what the menu says."I almost burst out laughing from shock and amazement. Um, WHAT!? Do you realize what you just told us, Jenny!? I'm guessing our dropped jaws were her signal to go back to the kitchen and make things right. She comes back out with a little plate of avocado and then says..."The kitchen doesn't cook home fries until after 11am, sorry about that," then walks away.Isn't this the kind of thing you should tell us when we ORDER the food?My garden frittata was really just 2 over-medium eggs with chopped veggies on top. Please do not call that a frittata. After we got our check and gave them a credit card to pay, I realized I had a 10% off coupon. I told Jenny when she got back, but she said they couldn't apply it since they had already run the credit card. I understand it's a bit of a pain in the butt, but it's not impossible to void the transaction and then recalculate the bill. And considering her appalling service thus far, it was the least she could have done.Get you ish together, guys.
3	Went here for Happy Hour. Interesting drinks and decent happy hour bar food. Service was nice and the place was clean, but I just didn't feel it. I had great company so its not that I was bored or anything, but I just didn't feel it. I am not sure I will be a return customer. At least not as a go-to Happy Hour place.
1	Owner Greg Jacobson did not pay employees plus had legal problems....... Thats WAY HE REALLY FLEW THE COOP!!!!!!! I worked for him and was Board... a victims..... of his shady ran operations plus he must have been paying off the Arizona Labor Board..... the representative was very rude to me and was a one sided to Greg Jacobson he was paying her under the table and probably more because he was a skeeze bag So me and my wife went to Sevens bistro the other night and from hearing all the great reviews we thought it was going to be an excellent restaurants but boy was I mistaken when we got there the hostess supposedly with the mostess sat us by the corner where was dark and gloomy then we looked at the menu and thought these prices were little overpriced we were the only people sitting there so we thought we would have great service but instead or waitress had no idea what the menu is all had involved and when we ask questions about the menu she just looked at is dumbfounded and said let me go back and ask the chef so we got our fish in ships with I read penne pasta vodka looks real good taste and it would have been a probably a2 on the scale um the fish and chips were very soggy overcooked and brown so we asked for a difference thing instead of the fish n chips because they did not look I'm feeling when we did this the chef came out and boy would I have would I would not have this person cooking my food looks awesome grafiti and kinda if I wouldn't want to eat here so we decided to get the veggie spread and that was overcooked the eggplant way too mushy the eggplant the asparagus was way much garlic there is sparagus was way too hard so we ask to speak to the manager and instead we got the owner we told the owner we would not be paying for any of the food because we suck c*** roaches walking around and that was just way too disgusting our server was very rude and crafts with us and the chef was also very not professional so after we told the owner we were not paying he decided that he told us that if we did not pay he would call the police because it's considered stealing and we said we would not pay for this food because it is disgusting it is not IP Ling does not taste good and there are cockroaches that is disgusting instead we had to pay the bill because Greg Jacobson the owner was just acting like an immature little child telling us he's going to call the police on us so we don't want to bother with this time or with his establishment ever again all I know is you shouldn't have review letter saying this place is so great when it is a negative 1 out of 10 I do not recommend this place to anyone because of bad service por ownership of the restaurant and really you would have a cook in there looking like that I don't know people its your call if you want to eat here but personally me and my wife will never go back and we will tell all of our friends never to go there because of the way we were treated during our period at Sevens bistros...Sent from my Verizon Wireless 4G LTE Smartphone
1	CLOSED. This building is shuttered and the place is CLOSED.
