5	Ice Ice Baby...Ice Ice Baby...All right stop collaborate and listen;Ice Now is here and it's got my attention Make some drinks - not warm but frosty;And believe me when I say they are not costlyWill it ever melt? yo I don't know.Give them a call and they'll showTo the extreme I yelp like a sandal;Ice your drinks and get lit like a candle... Ice ice babyPS - not sure where the sandal line came in but writing a review in lyric form is a challenge!  This is the best I can do for now...Need ice for an event?  Call Ice Now! They offer free delivery and their pricing is surprisingly cheap.And good luck getting the Ice Ice Baby lyrics out of your head... (sorry)!
5	Fantastic service with a quality product.  What I've been looking for in a ice company for years.  I'm glad to have finally found it.
5	Need ice in a hurry? Well, no need to scurry. Just chill while you wait for Ice Now to deliver your ice to your door in an efficient manner without breaking the bank. Oh no, you didn't order enough ice? No need to fire your planning committee. Luckily our friends at Ice Now carry tons of ice on their truck so you can order more on the spot if need be. Ice Now has a 400 pound limit which is $70. Not bad if you think about it. Plus they deliver the ice to your doorstep so you don't have to worry about lugging 10 pound bags of ice in your car, having it melt all over your seats only to arrive to your destination and realize you didn't buy enough. Just call the guys at Ice Now and they'll make getting ice easy and breezy.
5	I have used another ice/snow supply company in the valley in the past - each year we do a snow party - for 2 years they messed up the order, were late, didn't have enough ice, didn't have the slide I had pre-paid for and ordered 4 months prior.  I found Ice Now and have never looked back.  They are professional, courteous, on time and have everything in place when they said they would.  They even handled us placing double the order at the event.  I highly recommend them to anyone whether its ice for a party or a snow slide, Nolan and his team are excellent.
5	Our Colorado events company worked with Ice Now in September 2013 on our 10,000 person snowboard festival. We had world class professional snowboarders compete on a man made snowboard course in the middle of downtown Denver.  We needed 15 tons of snow ice in an otherwise dry city at this time of year. Nolan and all the guys at Ice Now were able to deliver a great price and drive out all of that ice from Arizona for our festival. They were timely and professional in making the snow with their machinery the morning of the event, which ended up being a very big success. We would highly recommend the use of the services Ice Now offers.
