1	When I placed my order I never received a confirmation that the order and contract had been received or of an expected arrival date. I reached out several weeks later and was told they would arrive a month before my wedding, cutting it very close with alterations. Once the dresses arrived they were in a color that was royal blue when I was expecting navy. I was told that I was responsible for checking the color on the label or in the swatch book. I assumed that saying 'navy' would get me the color of the dress that I tried on and came to the store to see. I was so upset and was told that nothing could be done as I had signed a contract and that I should 'try to make the dresses work.' With the tablecloths and the groomsmen wearing navy blue the royal blue that arrived would not work so we were out $851 and left to come up with a plan B less than 5 weeks out from our wedding. I was shocked they didn't offer to assist in locating replacement dresses or even try to sell us on samples that they had in the store that might work. After some prodding I was told they could 'try to sell the dresses for 3 months' but couldn't guarantee when or at what price they would sell for. The final straw was when we collected the dresses only to discover that two of the dresses were ordered in an incorrect size. After sharing my story I have heard around town that they have a reputation for errors and poor customer service, makes me a little suspicious of all of the wonderful reviews that they have received. Hopefully they have learned from this situation and will be more thorough and understanding with brides in the future.
1	I came into the store looking for bridesmaids dresses only to hear that they only sell to brides who bought their own gown there, which I have already ordered from another store. My mom asked about mothers dresses which the woman showed her, before walking away and never checking on us again. Not only do I think it's crazy to have a policy that restricts them from making a profit off of my 6 bridesmaids who could potentially have ordered, but they did not offer to show me any accessories, veils, shoes or seem to care about us as customers once they heard I have purchased my gown elsewhere. I would not recommend this store due to the lack of customer service.
1	I purchased my Wedding gown from here on Nov. 2013. I totally regret it due to poor customer service. They are not informative and very rude. The best experienced I had here was with the alterations lady, she was very nice and did an amazing job. So to all brides please save your self from the headache and stress, shop else where.
