5	Great staff!  They are very helpful and made the whole process very enjoyable.Very knowledgeable staff and extremely excited about diving.
5	Acadamy of Scuba is great for new or old divers. I love this place. I found AOS in October 2012 when I moved back to Phoenix. I remember driving by this place years ago and always wanting to stop in, but I never did. Evidently, AOS opened in this long-time scuba spot in 2012.I first came here in October 2012 to take the Rescue Diver class. The class was great. It was taught by CG Durda, and it really was thorough. At AOS, the classes--especially the advanced classes--aren't just about accomplishing the bare minimum. They usually add tons of extra activities so that you are really learning and benefiting from the instructors' extensive experience. Most of the instructors have hundreds or thousands of dives and have dove in all sorts of conditions. AOS's model is "the dive shop that dives," and that's really true. Everyone who works there considers scuba diving their passion. When we had our open water dives for Resuce, there were tons of people out at Lake Pleasant just diving or hanging out between dives. AOS creates a community for divers, and anyone can become a part of it. As an outsider, I was immediately made to feel welcome, and I was told all about the meet-ups out at the lake for diving. If you don't have a buddy, there is always someone you can join. Continuing on the social note, AOS has two monthly socials a week. I typically am pretty introverted and don't partake in such thing, but I made myself go to one--and now I go all the time. Why? Because now I have a ton of friends in the dive community, and this is a regular way to meet up, talking diving, or just hang out. There are all sorts of people in this crowd--from heart surgeons to construction workers--but the constant between everyone is friendliness and a love for diving. AOS also has tons of trips, and what is great about that is it isn't just a ticket clearance office, but a hub for dive trips that puts together lots of Phoenix divers. In April 2013, I've already booked a trip to Roatan, where the entire resort will be divers from Phoenix. Since I've been diving with AOS now for a few months, I know a ton of people on the trip. Plus, all the dive leaders will be staff I've gotten to know and are comfortable with.On the learning side, I purchased their "complete diver" program, which is a ridiculously affordably priced package for multiple dive specialties. Since July, I've complete several additional specialties, such as dry suit, night diver, debris removal diver, fish identification, equipment specialist, underwater navigator, and DAN's DEMP course (which is a super comprehensive emergency first responder/O2 provider/first aid course). The instructors I've had include Dominic Diodato, John Flanders (owner), and Randall Medders, as well as a host of others who drop in to help out. All of ths instructors are incredibly patient and knowledgeable. There is no attitude of superiority here--even amongst people like John, who has had thousands of dives. I'm not naming all of their staff, but I have had experiences with most of them, and, while all have their different strengths and weaknesses, there isn't a bad one among them.There is always people hanging around the shop, and the indoor pool is often open just to come in and practice skills. The selection of gear is good, and what they don't have at the store they can order for you. Prices are a little higher than online, but I'm ok with paying a little more to have a local store to check things out. I think they have price match, though. In talking with the owner, I know that there is a method to the way they stock their store. For example, while there aren't tons and tons of wetsuits always sitting around, that is because wet suite degrade, and they won't sell a customer a wetsuit that's been sitting on the shelf a year and lost some of its insulating abiltiies. ASK if you want something you don't see. Both Dominic at the Metro location and Tania at the Paradise Valley location are very accomodating.I've had an opportunity also to observe open water classes and discover scuba diving. Personally, I've referred several of my own friends to AOS. They are extremely thorough, never compromise PADI standards, and, as always, add additional experiences to enhance the class. The instructors are patient and will work with any skill level, age, or fear. I know they have people specialized to help students with physical limitations, for example, and they work with a lot of kids, as well.I've always been pretty picky about what dive shop I use, because I want to be able to trust the people helping equip and train me for what can be a hazardous environment. AOS has never let me down. And more than that, I've met a ton of people that have become my friends. I've always loved diving since I first dove 15 years ago, but I was always a once or twice a year vacation diver. AOS has allowed my to develop my passion through continuing education and being a member of an active dive community..
5	The Academy of Scuba, whether it be the PV or Metro location, have been an excellent experience. I started at the PV location over a year ago to obtain my open water certification and trained with AOS ever since. The staff are very friendly and knowledgable when it comes to educating customers or potential prospect clients. I appreciate how the Academy of Scuba will adjust your training around your schedule to ensure you have the best experience possible. The dive professionals at the Academy of Scuba are also fun to train with and take a personal interest in your development as a diver. Getting involved with the diving community through this business has formed many new friendships that will likely last a lifetime. The community is very close and we often dive with one another regularly. They have monthly dive socials and are at the lake every weekend to give anybody a chance to dive with them. They also organize underwater vacations, my favorite, which provide affordable vacations to exotic places!!! These trips can cater to any budget or lifestyle. Finally, I want to end on the training aspect, you can take any type of class with the Academy of Scuba. They train open water certifications to instructor certifications. As far as specialties go, you name it, they train it!!! This caters to any type of dive goal you may have or dream dive you have been wanting to pursue. I highly recommend this shop for ANYONE!!!
5	Recently I brought a groupon for academy of scuba and really did not know what to expect. The guys here are extremely knowledgable and all round nice guys. They keep things fun and light. They turned a friday night and the whole rest of the weekend into a fun experience. No ones likes to give up a weekend but I would not hesitate to do this again and would do continuing education with this company. The other thing I liked was the student to instructor ratio which was 2-1 which was fantastic. FYI the instructors were Rob Galyon and Dave Sexton (we also had Dave Stockton and Joe Napper) highly recommend all of them.
5	John Flanders, the owner has always been really good to me. I would recommend Academy of Scuba to anyone. From their large inventory to their on-site pool, AoS has you covered!!
5	My husband and I have wanted to be scuba certified for awhile now and decided to take the plunge! This was by far an awesome place to be educated in scuba diving. I really can't wait to take more classes and further advance our training! Dave was our instructor, he was awesome and hilarious! He is so knowledgeable as well. We are scuba divers!! Eeeeeee!!! :)
3	Problem resolved
