1	A short preface:  I'm a dumb ass.I decided to hit all of the downtown casinos one day.Last stop was the Western.  NOT GOOD.  Most of the patrons were missing key teeth.  After five minutes or so, I sensed that I was getting eyeballed by a group of  vagrants.  Sure enough, the alpha vagrant approached me to check me out.  I was glad that I'd gained 40 lbs. in the past two years and APPEARED to be physically imposing.  I shooed off the alpha vagrant, finished my beer, and hightailed it out of the dump.Just a depressing place, no reason to go there.  For God's sake, don't walk there at night.On a subsequent visit, my traveling companion asked the security guard outside the Cortez whether we'd be OK walking to the Western.  He said, "Probably, but why would you want to?"  Pretty much sums it up.
4	One star off what would've been a five-star good time because of the cigarette fog hanging in the air at the Western. It's so thick you can practically sink your teeth into it. If they have a ventilation system it is in desperate need of an overhaul, it probably stopped working back in the 70s.The casino is mostly machines, but there are a few table games. Playing can be incredibly cheap ($1 blackjack). There's a snack bar on hand with the usual greasy fare, but my rec is to eat before you go. What food I saw looked sketchy at best. The drinks are CHEAP: $1 beers, $1.50 cocktails.Sunday night karaoke is held in a corner of the casino and provides free entertainment for anyone willing to listen. The crowd attending is a combination of people looking for a cheap good time and characters who you just know are waiting all week for what they firmly believe is their turn in the spotlight.  If you're lucky you'll get a program as diverse as the one I heard with friends on our first visit: Native American chants performed acapella, "That's Life" done as William Shatner-style spoken word, and at least half a dozen Patsy Cline weepers. One take on Marvin Gaye's immortal "Let's Get It On" had the whole lounge area up and out of their chairs squealing. And the man who chose an Earth Wind & Fire song he didn't know, we were glad to sing his song for him from our seats.I was fortunate enough to be with a group, and I wouldn't go to the Western any other way. Not everyone there looks like they're just after just a good time. Anything you might be nervous about losing, leave it at home.  And keep an eye on your drink if you order one. EW&F guy also spent the evening wandering around asking if he'd left his drink behind and claiming other people's drinks. (He got in some serious trouble for this after he ganked the wrong woman's Corona.)Try to see the whole thing from the right perspective, otherwise you're missing a classic Las Vegas treasure. And fortify yourself with antihistamines if you're sensitive to smoke at all, as I plan to before my next karaoke night visit.
3	If you want that trashy '70s feel with old-school slots and low-stakes gaming, then look no further. The people weren't the nicest as some guy was screaming at this 90-year old woman at the penny slots, and some vagrant tried to sell me his--ahem--half drunk Red Bull. But I came out $50 ahead, so I'm happy. Worth a short visit if you're sick of the Strip.
4	If your a complete doucher and find yourself wearing popped collars, american eagle gear and or a Red Sox hat with an extremely curved bill, you probably wont appreciate the culture that can be found at the Western. Especially if you just drive by. Anyways, the western is Old Vegas pure and simple. You'll be hard pressed to find a casino on a Saturday night with $3 blackjack, karaoke for all, a dude named Russell who can't control his arms because he has had "one too many" and who responds to questions with the answer "girl on girl" when asked who his favorite baseball team is. You probably won't be able to find a casino that comps you a rootbeer float when you lose $30 bucks either.At other casinos you may find at least 1 person on a rascal not because they are disabled but because they are just overweight but you definitely won't find another casino where you can see two guys harmonizing to Bye Bye love, Bye bye loneliness at 11:30pm like it's no big deal and have the crowd of rascal driving, oxygen tank breathing, toothless faced, nascar rooting crowd going nuts.In all seriousness, this place is great and so are the people there. I poke fun at them but they really will prevent me from ever wanting to gamble away my welfare check and I will always floss.
4	I probably shouldn't be allowed to review the Western given how, um, inebriated I was when I was there last February. But actually, inebriated is the best way to experience the Western. This ain't the kind of casino that you come to Vegas for, but if you're an aficionado of "dirty Vegas" like I am, it's the kind of casino that keeps you coming back.The Western is a few blocks from the Fremont Street Experience on the other side of the new "Fremont East" district. I highly recommend a few drinks at the Griffin or one of the other bars before you head to the Western. Get a nice buzz on, amble over to the Western, and play some $1 blackjack. The drinks will keep coming pretty regularly, and if you've had a few before you come, you won't notice how bad the well liquor is. Oh. And wash your hands when you leave. Seriously, you don't know where those chips have been.
4	Update to my previous review: I was in Las Vegas again last weekend and got to see the Western a) in the daylight and b) when I was sober. Holy cow, what a difference. I revise my previous review only to make those "suggested" drinks "mandatory" and to strongly encourage that you walk in groups - there are actually a couple of pretty desolate blocks between Fremont East and the good ol' Western. I didn't have time to go in to the place (was in the process of walking the LV Half-Marathon) for old time's sake, but ah, the nostalgia!
2	This is a LOCALS hotel and casino. The Tourist rarely venture this far east downtown and for good reason. I myself have always stayed west of El Cortez using that as my boundary marker. My friend who is a local suggested we go here and get some cheap drinks. I am a tough cookie so it was fine us coming here and being able to handle the "darker" side of Vegas. They have cleaned this property up a lot we were informed by several different locals that night during our visit. Was interesting hearing of the past history of drugs, scandal and "alleged" murders that have taken place on and around this casino. As one guy shared with us that years ago he never would have stepped foot in there without his "Nine" and a bullet proof vest. WOW The only reason we came here was for $1 shots, and generous $1 beers. Otherwise this is really not my type of crowd or atmosphere. I was solicited a few times which really just reminded me to ask myself WTF am I doing here? Daily Drink Specials Coors Draft * $1.00 Shot of Jack Daniel's, Jack Daniel's Honey, Smirnoff, Jose Cuervo or Southern Comfort * $1.00 Corona * $2.00 Coors Light * $1.00 Busch Draft * $1.25 My suggestion is come here as a group rather than solo if you must as locals. I would not inform out of towners or tourist to come here as this is not the most positive or common "Vegas" experience. We should really keep this place a secret and for good reason. My final word: This was an "interesting" experience and keep a firm grip on your purse! Also be sure to look north, south, east and west at the same time while walking from and to your car in the parking lot.
5	Everyone knows your name :-)
1	When my coworker told me dollar shots and two dollar Corona's, I was down. Little did I know about the Western Casino other than it was two blocks down from Fremont Street.Oh Jesus. Gird your loins. It was all mixed emotions when it came to the Western. Yay for cheap liquor! Boo for the patrons who also enjoy cheap liquor! This place definitely exemplifies 'Dark Vegas' - sketchy patrons, dim lighting, dive, dive, DIVE. The bartenders were great! Cracking jokes, cordial, attentive despite being busy. However, the other patrons were ridiculous. I definitely do not suggest coming alone, let alone a group of less than four. My party was comprised of nine people, yet that did not excuse us from cat calls from creepy gentlemen or derogatory names from questionable women. But for dollar shots (Smirnoff, Jack Daniel's, Jose Cuervo Gold, Southern Comfort), two dollar Coronas, and dollar Coors Light, I can't complain. We left sufficiently boozed, with new friends, yet I doubt any of us would return. It's safe to say that the nine of us are scarred from venturing that far past Fremont.
4	Cheap, dirty, and divey. My kinda place. I love this place because after a few hours on the strip and Fremont, I just want to sit and BS without all the glitz and touristy people. Most of the patrons are locals and do have some great stories.Dollar beers and dollar shots. What more do you want?
4	As far as casinos go, this place is a complete dive.  My friend described it prior to our visit as, "the skeeviest place in downtown Vegas," and she wasn't far off at all.  The bar area smelled like fresh vomit, and I'm pretty sure some of the women there weren't actually women at all.  The Coors drafts were a buck, and the Jack and SoCo shots were also a dollar, all day, all night.  My friends and I had a great time, and were asked to leave after security noticed a box-cutter in my friends pocket while he was doing karaoke.  Apparently they said he "brandished a weapon," and gave us the boot!  We had a great time while there though.Make no mistake, this place is a dump, but it's a fun dump if you're in the right head space and looking for a great dive!
4	What better place to go when you're in town for the Las Vegas SHAKEDOWN? I was in town for three days of hard drinking, dirty punk rock and gambling my ass off on my tiny budget. The western is just blocks from the El Cortez where i was staying and when you and your friends are looking for a place to CONTINUE DRINKING FOR CHEAP at four A.M. after dancing your asses ragged all night the western is the place to be. "Friendly service and even friendlier crack heads." this should be the slogan of this awesome dirty shithole of a casino that smells of piss and chemicals all at once. we parked ourselves at the $1 craps table and played for an hour while being entertained by what can only be described as a drunken teenage street hustler and his older gay lover. this dude was so drunk he forgot his point he was rolling about five times, all the while berrating the pit boss and telling anyone who would listen "I play street craps doot!". He got kicked out and we left to hear more music but as we were walking back to the las vegas country saloon we passed our friend who was discussing with his gay lover the possibility of going back to the western in disguise.Which would work at least until he couldn't contain himself from screaming "I PLAY STRREEET CRAPS DOOOOT!" All and all this place is for those people who like cheap drinks and gaming with the atmosphere to match. the service was awesome, the people were crazy and we had fun. i highly recomend it.
1	"It looks like a methadone clinic in there."This was my friend's assessment of The Western as we ran west on Fremont away from the facility and towards the warm, welcoming lights of Fremont East.I've never been to a methadone clinic, but I've watched enough Intervention to know when someone has had their life fill of drug and alcohol abuse. Those folks are the majority client base of The Western.Here's what you need to know about The Western.1. It's closing. Soon. Get a whiff of the floors that smell like they were sprayed with Marlboro-edition Febreze while you can people. 2. The drinks are cheap. I got a 70/30 ratio Maker's and Coke for $1 and had I the liver of a first semester college freshman, this drink would've sustained me for a night and left me with a very ugly hangover. Yes, the drinks come in smaller than average glasses, but when the drink is all liquor, what does it matter? You get way more than you pay for and I think it's only because they were trying to clean out the bar.3. The people watching is free and at your own risk. In the roughly 120 minutes I spent at The Western (twice in one night...yes, we left and then CAME BACK), I saw three pimps-one with Coolio braids and a stunning lavender duster and matching pants, a homeless man karaoke-ing to "Wind Beneath My Wings" (Better Middler....LOOK OUT), many homeless and/or mentally ill people self-medicating at the bar with cheap alcohol and lots of booze induced bump and grinding. Lots of midriffs that shouldn't have been visible. Lots of teeth missing from gums. Lots and lots and lots to look at. It was sensory overload at its best. Do not make eye contact. Do not stare. Pretty similar to being in a hostage situation but with cheap drinks. 4. It is two blocks east of 7th on Fremont. For those of you who frequent Fremont East, you know that 7th is the cut off. You don't walk past 7th, you don't LOOK past 7th. The most interaction you have with 7th is street parking and even then once you hit Fremont, you just run until you get to 6th. The Western does not even meet the minimum for dive bar status, and I wouldn't recommend you go out of your way to pay homage to this dying institution. However, if you're already on Fremont and happen to be invited to "check it out," I'd go for the raw entertainment value. And value drinks. I'm serious you guys 70/30 mixed cocktails. Possibly 80/20.
