4	definitely an old school deli. has  that feel. all their sandwiches (even a decent Philly cheese steak and im from the Philly area)  with names of sandwiches like the frat guy, the professor, the freshman, etc. this plays well into the college town vibe. good prices. with a beer distributor next door grab a few cold ones and get food and you got a good meal prices are really good too. everything is less than 8 bucks roughly, and you can walk in with a ten spot and get a good quantity of food. they don't short your on that here.
5	I have walked/driven past Campus Deli too many times to count and based upon appearances I was never willing to venture inside. A friend had always claimed that they make some of the best subs he had eaten. The combination of his gleaming reviews and their newly redesigned deli finally drew me inside and I was not disappointed.They use Boar's Head meat, quality cheeses, and THE BEST sub buns around (perfectly chewy). I ordered "The Sophomore", capicola, prosciutto, salami, ham, provolone, sun dried tomatoes, lettuce and vinaigrette. It rocked! Inside is a wall describing their 20-30 sandwiches, all of which sound delicious and are priced between $5-8. Based on the quality of the ingredients, the taste, and the price, I can't think of a single reason to go to Subway or Quizno's.
3	A convenient local deli which quickly serves up both hot and cold sandwiches. It's open late.
4	Good Philly Cheesesteaks can be tough to find. Especially in Pittsburgh. I'm glad to have stumbled across Campus Deli - by far, they serve the best cheesesteak around.Admittedly, in this city, that's not exactly saying much. But that's alright. I'll be stopping here again in the future.On another note, the bacon cheese fries are excellent. Though they probably took a few years off my life, and my arteries are probably still upset with me, I can't deny that I loved them. Crisp, consistent, and no grease. It almost makes the trade-off worth it.
2	I have been wanting to try this place for a long time.  I should have waited a bit longer I suppose.  The experience I had was not stellar at all.I opted for the breaded chicken salad after contemplating several other items on the menu.  I should have stuck to a sandwich from here.  When the salad arrived, the dressing was missing.  A very important key ingredient to any salad is the dressing.  With me being at work and on a limited amount of time to consume my salad on my lunch break, I had to rummage through the work fridge for some type of salad dressing to top this off.From the description on the menu you are to receive a handful of fries along with all the other ingredients for this salad.  If they consider this a handful of fries, I consider that they have a two year old working there.  I counted, and there were no more than eight total fries on this salad.  The breaded chicken was actually good.  It appears that they may make it on site (I cannot confirm this), but is was lightly breaded.  Not like the chicken tenders at most other restaurants.  Easily the best part of the salad.One other shining star to this salad was that they give you a pita on the side instead of bread.  Giving you the option of putting the salad in the pocket and eating while doing other tasks.  But it wasn't shining enough to give this place more than two stars in my opinion.
4	I am in love with "The Student" Campus Specialty Sandwich!!!! It was amazingly flavorful! I was expecting something plain and just about ok to go in but it amazed me completely! One sandwich was enough for 2 meals (I can eat a 12'' sub at subway at a time)!
2	The food is pretty good, but do not order from here unless you want your food to be totally wrong when it's delievered. This has happened to me 5 out of the 8 times I have order from here within the year.Probably won't order from here again.
5	Definitely the best sandwich shop/lunch stop in Oakland. Very delicious and reasonably priced! The buffalo chicken wrap is amazing! Perfect amount of spice and flavor! Highly recommend Campus Deli!!
2	I live down the street from this place and wish for nothing more than for it to be better.  I was excited to hear the items on the menu.  I am a sucker for a sandwich with lots of abstract foods on them.  I have tried The Student and The Professor on multiple occasions.  Every time I just wish they had a different sauce on them and more of it.  The sandwiches are dry and lacking in flavor.  If you ask them to put more sauce on (which I did after the first time), they charge you extra.  I dig the creativity but it is lacking in everything else.  The wait is also ridiculous.  It takes almost 20 mins each time I've been there for them to make the sandwich even if there's no one else there.  Not to mention the people who work there are rude.
5	I absolutely love everything that the Campus Deli has to offer. It's super convenient and quick. They deliver and you can even order online. I recommend the Philly Cheesesteak which is amazing and my go to item on the menu! Also, the menu is super fun and completely college oriented.
