3	I went to 935 for CIAA, so I can't speak on typical nights there but I will say it was a cool spot so I doubt it changes much from a CIAA night to a regular one other than prices are probably cheaper.I have to say this was a pretty cool club. The place is huge with multiple rooms all with their own DJ. The music was nice, the girls were kind of fly and everybody was partying and having a good time.One down side I will say is that security needs to do a better job. Weed smoke was in the air all night.  I don't have anything against it personally but I don't smoke so I don't want it blown in my face.I would give 935 another shot if I was from Charlotte. For the south it wasn't too bad.
3	Alright depending on the night. Over- priced at times, and let's not forget the overly serious security whom feels like part owner when there is a crowd. For the most part it will do.
4	I went at the end of June.  This was my first time, it was suggested by a friend.  The club was  a lot better than the clubs around the Columbia area.  Unfortunately, I went on college life Thursdays - didn't know they had certain days to go so it was full of teens and the music was mostly rap: waka flocka, 2 chains, etc.  I wasn't really feeling that.  I mean I like rap but they never played anything else.  Security - was efficientWhen you first enter the club - you in a small dance floor area with a bar, DJ stand and seating.  At first I thought this was the club but then about 15 mins later they led you into the actual club.  It was huge and plush.  Seating near the VIP and bar area, 2 cat walks on either side, large dance floor and large stage.  IT looked really clean.There wasn't a lot of smoke and no fights - so that was a plus.    In the end we left the large dance floor and went back to the smaller dance floor and was surprised that the DJ was still playing and playing a more variety of music and even some early 2000 songs and I enjoyed thatI would go again but just not on a college night
3	I went there for my birthday party. It was hard to get in contact with someone to reserve a table for the night. It took them 2 weeks to get back with me.  Anyway, I think I got a good price for my table with 10 people, and 1 bottle of whatever I liked.  The only issue with table reservations is that they only give you 1 VIP parking space with a 10 person party. Do they not think that you are going to have more than 1 car? On top of that the VIP parking lot was not full, so I don't see why they can't give you more parking passes. The waitress/attendant (Brittany) that was assigned our table was very nice and attentive.  We didn't have to go find her when we needed something.  I like that they lock up the alcohol on the table.  It keeps other people from coming to get free drinks when no one is paying attention. I am not sure how/why people are able to buy VIP bands, even though they do not have a table...This makes alot of people just stand around in the VIP area with nowhere to go after they get there. We had to get Brittany to get people to move from in front of our booth a few times so we could see the dance floor. I paid for the center booth for a reason.....They have good shelf selections and good music to match. Overall I had a good time!
2	Club 935 is more of a hip hop club and thats the reason I went.  Though there have been a couple of shootings in the past year, I didn't feel any danger.  They have like 4 cops outside for christ's sake. The DJ is on point, there is a little smoking section, and two different rooms.  One a full on huge dance floor, and another smaller area with its own DJ right when you walk in.  I like the feel, people, and music of this place, but damn there are two things wrong.  #1, there are two lines to get in the door.  One $20 and a second $40.  The first line is general admission.  The second line gets you to just skip the general admission line with no real benefit. Seriously, 935 is huge.  They are not waiting for people to leave, they are just hoping you get annoyed enough to pay the extra $20 on the other line.  #2 smoke and mirros with the cups they give.  Seriously the cup size is half the cup size at any other bar or club, yet its still $9. Hell I will pay you $15 if you give me an adult sized cup.  If they got rid of these two cheesy things this club would actually be alright.
2	Where do I start with this club...? First let me say, 935 has been around for years and def has staying power!This is a club for teens and young adults, like really young adults! Only playing rap and hip hop, ie Lil Boosie, Rick Ross and Young Jeezy. Two different dance floors each with it's own bar and music. VIP and table/bottle service available, but they can get pricey and go pretty quickly especially if there's a major artist performing. Thursday is college night, you only have to be 18 to get in but any other night you must be 21. Don't try to sneak in or use a fake ID because security is checking and there are Charlotte Mecklenburg police on site.A major downside to this club is the parking. They've got one small lot that gets full very quick and they charge a crazy amount of money to park in the lot.If you know the latest rap tunes and looking for a good time this may be your new spot!
