4	Ok, I've lived in Vegas almost 9 months,  and up until now,  any food i've had delivered,  i've had to throw out, uneaten. That is until Modena!!!  Yay,  finally decent food that delivers!!  Hubby and I are both home sick.  The food was so good the first night,  we ordered AGAIN Saturday night. Not just Pizza.... Both nights I had Catfish dinner.  Fish was cooked perfectly,  white plump and flakey, delicately seasoned.  I also had the BEST chicken noodle soup I've ever had from a restaurant.  Little noodle flowers, lots of chicken, green beans, carrots, corn and peas.  A healthy dose of black pepper made the seasonings blend nicely. Yummy!Hubby had Giant Mushroom Cheeseburger one night and Double Philly Steak Sandwhich the next night.  He said both were good.  Big portions, with big steak fries.  His side salad was more than just a heap of iceberg lettuce like most takeout salads.  Delivery took about 40 minutes,  and we both ate big meals for under $30 total. I don't know about their pizza or dining there,  but I know they'll be added to my speed dial!
3	The nice thing about this spot is that they deliver and offer quite a variety. They also have numerous lunch specials, combos, etc. The pricing isn't bad at all. And the delivery time isn't too bad either - about 40 minutes.I tried a variety of food for my first order - wings, cheese fries, Philly cheesesteak, and pizza. The cheeseteak was the best of what I ordered (4 stars). Good flavors and there are lots of different cheesesteaks to choose from. The fries were so-so - and the cheese melted over the top was minimal and did nothing for the fries (2 stars). For the wings, I opted for the Cajun. They were about average (3 stars). I would have enjoyed them more if they were spicier and saucier. The pizza was eh (2.5 stars). Edible and not bad for delivery, but definitely lacking. However, they do offer lots of different pizzas and I am curious to try some different toppings and see if that doesn't make it better.While not a stellar first experience, there was enough good going on that I will definitely be ordering delivery again and trying out some other items.
4	I got one of their flyers on my door this morning so I thought, why not?Came in for their half-rack of ribs lunch special ($9.49 seems like a good deal) and was pleasantly surprised that the ribs were actually VERY good (with a nice rich and sassy sauce).  Plus, pudding for dessert!I'd definitely be back to sample more of the menu.
4	I feel bad every time I come in here and see the place completely empty, so I want to try and drum up some extra business for them.I came here a total of two times (after the first successful ribs visit) and tried out some more of their lunch specials on their flyer.  Unfortunately, they said it was for delivery and pick-up only, so I had to get it to go.  I had the burger and fries ($5) which was excellent for the price and I came back another time for the wings and fries ($7) which was good (I tried the teriyaki sauce) and comes with 10 wings which are reasonably sized and tasty.  I'd definitely say try out some of their lunch specials if you get the chance (lasts until 4pm daily).  Plus it comes with your choice of fruit cocktail or chocolate pudding for dessert.
4	A bunch of us came here for lunch, 12 or 13 of us, and they were able to accommodate us. We were basically the only ones there except for the couple that probably wanted a quiet lunch and got nothing close to it cause we were loud. Food OMG. Their calzones and stromboli...ginormous and delicious looking, 2 of um sat across the table and I waited all lunch for a sneak attack. There was also a pretty good deal on a lot of food a basket of fries, chicken wings, and chicken tenders, which was shared by the self named "cool" table. On my table, we don't need names on our table, it was filled with calzones, wings, gyros, and spaghetti. Tip don't order the spaghetti unless you have time to wait, it looks delicious but someone ordered it way before I ordered my food and he didn't get it until when almost everyone was finish eating. Wings also take long. Order Big Fat Gyro comes with fries and it was good, being that it was my first gyro.Honestly it started off very slow. We came in and there was only one worker in the front and no customers. We made ourselves at home, moving tables and chairs, and then we waited at least 10 mins for the worker to come back. No menus or anything. Apparently there was a huge pizza order placed before we got there so the slow service I'll blame that person. Shame on you haha. It again took long for drink orders, food to get to the table, and paying the bill but again who's to blame there haha.The dining area really felt old but hey there were TVs, old ones.
4	I feel like Cafe Modena deserves an update from me.  So here it is. I came across Cafe Modena a few years back and it is one of my favorite spots to eat at when I'm in the area, like I'd be here at least 4-5 times a month. It's located off of Spencer and Warm Springs inside of a bar named Chris's Place, the bar and dining area are actually separate so it doesn't feel like a bar.  Entering and looking around you'll probably think that there is no way the food here is any good, the decor is old and most of the time I've been there it's empty except for the party I'm with and some smaller parties but I can I assure you the food here is excellent. I mean it's not "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" like what 5 stars means but it's made very well, always consistent in the quality, and taste very good for traditional, non-fusion type of food, better than your standard neighborhood bar food.My favorite here are the calzones definitely the calzones. The regular calzones are reasonably priced at about $8-10 and are huge.  They even offer a large for $5 more and those are a beast. I've never gotten a burnt or undercooked one. The insides are filled with nothing but deliciousness.  There's a plain, a vegetarian, spinach, grilled chicken, ham, and pepperoni and I've had them all my favorite being the spinach. Cafe Modena is actually my preferred place in Vegas for a calzone.When I'm not ordering a calzone which doesn't happen that often my 2nd favorite is the Big Fat Gyro with Tzatziki Sauce and fries. Gyros are still pretty new to me and I've only had them at a handful of places. They're good, I enjoy them.  It's one of the items others ordered often.Nothing here is what you would call small. In fact for the price the amount of food is generous. I came here one Friday looking for a small meal and ordered chicken quesadilla apps. Thinking it was going to be way to small for me I decided to add the wings and fries special which was only like $7. The chicken quesadilla had a nice thick mixture of cheese and chicken. It was plenty filling on it's own and I still had the wings and fries coming.  When the wings came out I ate a couple of the wings and called timeout. There were about 10 wings and large pile of fries, no way I could finish that after eating most of the quesadilla. The lasagna and spaghetti are two other excellent choices. The rest of the menu are your usual items like pizzas, pastas, soup, salads, sandwiches, burgers, ribs, etc but they'll probably be big in portions and low in price. The daily specials are also a deal.As I said earlier the decor are kind of old. It's dressed in pink and turquoise pastel colors with a couple old televisions but it has cable and is spacious.
1	Order a pizza at 9:05 pm, it didn't arrive until 10:23 pm, so it was cold and soggy. The pizza was just like any other bad pizza I've tasted, definitely not worth the wait! You guessed it.... will never order there again! :(
4	Oh M Gee,Just ordered from them because I got a a flyer in mailbox. I'm happy about life after ordering the #5, of which came with surprise fries (Yay!!!) Also, I received a coup from Eat 24, that made it all that much more worth it. My only issue keeping this from a 5 star rating, don't water down the wing sauce. it was thin and did not stick to the wings, thus making me toss them in the only hot sauce I had (sriracha, of which made them aaamazing!). Other then that, everything was perfect!I feel like I finally found "my" place to order from. Beats the heck out of that Angelina's nonsense, down the road.
5	No sign from the street - just a window banner. This hole in the wall is a hidden treasure. The food and prices is what wil bring me back here again and again!!!
1	I would pretty much rather eat anywhere else. I would even say McDonald's is better than this place. We ordered a cheeseburger, gyro, fries, fruit salad and a water bottle. First of all, the delivery person was 20 minutes late, like outside of the 65 minutes it was supposed to take. Secondly:- The cheeseburger was CHARRED. Like disgustingly burned and hard on the outside, and the inside was dried up.- The gyro was gross... just like salty meat in gross bread. Just didn't taste fresh at all.- The fries were the worst I've ever had. Just kind of empty fried hollow things.- The fruit salad was FROM A CAN.- The water bottle never came. I asked the guy where it was and he just shrugged. Didn't offer me a free drink next time or anything.Basically I'm never eating here again and you shouldn't either unless you just want to throw your money away. I could barely stomach it. Bleghhh
1	These guys used to be PHENOMENAL. Best pizza in the city, and I am picky as can be. I've ordered from them for eight years after my best friend got me hooked. Today I went to pick up my order with a $10 gift certificate, but they refused to take it and instead threw out our pizza and wings that was ready to go...over a $10 gift cert on a $40 order. I called and spoke to a girl at the counter named Danielle (who was rude and rather lackadaisical about the situation) after trying to place a NEW order (what can i say, they have great pizza and it's my non-diet day), she put the phone down and called me a "dumb @ss b!tch for not taking the first order." I then spoke to the manager and then the owner, who apologized but still refused to honor the gift certificate. Have a problem and want to contact the owner? His cell phone number is (213) 448-4768!
4	This is the only place in town that my family and I order pizza from! Their pizzas are made with great ingredients and always come hot and fresh. I so far have only ordered the "Modena special" it's Freakin bomb! The lady on the phone is always nice but the delivery men don't ever really seem personable. But none the less the pizza is great!
2	Over priced. Grumpy driver. I could get 2 subs at Jimmy Johns for the price they charged me. The dessert (Cheese cake) sub parr...thick bread, hardly any meat. I do not recommend it.
4	DH had them at a lunch meeting. He came home and decided he wanted them for dinner too! It's their wings that got him hooked and I can see why. The chicken is a great quality and the breading is not too heavy but delivers on flavor. I had their chicken parm sub which was pretty good and their fries have that crispy shell that is reminiscent of good fish and chip shops. Aside from being a bit under salted( good for those watching their sodium) they offer up a good selection of food, a fair price for quality, fast delivery and friendly staff. I will be back to try their pizza.
1	Terrible experience!!!! I asked for delivery and it was just 2 sandwiches and mozzarella sticks.First it took them 1 hour and a half to deliver the food, after what a surprise I order rye bread and it was white, the French fries the worst ones ever, the other sandwich super cold, they put pico de gallo instead salsa marinara for the mozzarella sticks, and the worst part: Yeeeesssss even worst!!!!!! A piece of bone for I don't know what on my sandwich that I almost broke my tooth!!!!They don't even deserve a 1 star but that's the only way I can put a review!!!!!
2	The food is really good. However, they have increased their prices. A pizza lunch special use to be $6.99 with 3 toppings. It has now increased to a whopping $9.99! Uuuugh how crazy and to top it off it does not even include a can of soda. So my question is where is the darn special for a small pizza?
