3	I discovered a little (OK really LARGE) termite problem in our back fence. I did some Googling to ID the exact pest, and the recommended solutions. The treatment seemed pretty straightforward.They do not sell these treatments at your big box lumberyard place. Now the choice was to buy the stuff online, or go to my friendly, neighborhood DIY pest control place. I'm all for supporting local business, and am also a bit impatient. I chose to visit Bug & Weed Mart, rather than wait around for an order to arrive.As expected, I got friendly, helpful advice. As was also expected, the prices for the products were a bit higher than what was online. Of course, you are paying for the aforementioned friendly, helpful advice, plus their operating expenses, etc etc.But -- yowza -- the prices were double what I found online! I went ahead and purchased there anyway, because, like I said, I'm impatient.My friendly, helpful advice is, if you are patient, and fairly confident in what you are doing, and want to save money, you might be better off doing some Googling and ordering online.If, on the other hand, you really have no clue, or just want to get the stuff fast, or want to keep it local, this is definitely the place to go.
4	La cucaracha, la cucarachaya no puede caminarporque no tiene, porque la faltauna pata de atras.If su casa's got unwanted bugs with all six legs, deep-rooted unwanted plants, or other undesirable critters, this little shop deserves your attention.  I know most Yelpers are fortunate enough to have other lives as in, "Oh yeah, that happened in THAT life."  I haven't had a lot of lives, just a bunch of cubicles and dark little rooms.  One of those cubicles had a "Certified Pesticide Applicator" license on the wall.  Just for plants, mostly "noxious weeds."   In one of those little rooms a subject matter expert taught the class techniques to determine the correct ratios of N P and K to apply on crop land for high yields. To get the license and pass the class I learned to read labels, calculate mixtures and calibrate nozzles.  The amount of money a homeowner pays for puny amounts of weed and bug killers and fertilizer lights my fiscal rocket.  Brothers and sisters, to be polite, we are being had.  Bug and Weed Mart's been in the East Valley many years.  The Central Avenue store is relatively new.  I shopped this local business long before it landed on Camelback.What you get here is specific expertise on pest management.  Plants, bugs, vermin.  Plus an array of products at a variety of price points and quantities.  Not necessarily the brand names you know and love from cute commercials and great adverts.  The same formula at higher concentrations for the same price.  Instead of paying $20.00 for an industrial behemoth's gallon of herbicide with 18% active ingredient, you could be paying the same price or less for a lesser known brand with 51% active ingredient.  That means three gallons instead of one.  If you've got good relations with your neighbors, and the possibility of using larger volumes of product, the price per unit drops dramatically. Of course, with larger volumes and higher concentrations come greater requirements for knowledge and responsibility.  It's up to you.  My mother-in-law loves her cats.  But her cats don't love people.  Those feral beasts run, run, run.  Momma cats keep having unhealthy litters, the survivors often pick up the cat diseases and pests resident in the area.  It's just not good.  I don't want to take away the animals Mom knows, loves and cherishes,  I think there should be fewer kittens.  Bug & Weed Mart has a nice Havahart trap suitable for catching feral cats and taking them for a ride to the spay and neuter clinic.  Mom can still have her beloved cats, sans many generations of kittens.  There is one tom cat with a healthy coat, great disposition and a tiny meow - I think we'll keep OJ in the gene pool.
5	My weeds are out of control and I've been noticing spiders setting up camp all over the place.  Not cool.  This is a small mom and pop specialty type shop that specializes in weed and pest control.  They seem to carry better quality, stronger grade products than what I can purchase at the local hardware store. The man at the counter was extremely helpful and answered probably 1000 questions I had.  He seemed very knowledgeable about the products they carried and how to properly use them.  He gave me paper handouts for each of the products I purchased explaining exactly how to use them after he explained how to use them.  With his help and advice, I am sure I can do it myself with no problem.  Had I gone to a hardware store, I would've had a 50 / 50 chance of finding someone to help me that knew anymore than I did about weed / pest control.  We would have probably been reading the labels together in the aisle (this was my experience last time I went to ace hardware for weed control supplies).  I suppose you could pay less online for weed and pest control supplies but I feel that it was worth it purchasing it from this shop because of the help and advice I received from the man that helped me.
