4	Very clean and bright store.  Had milk options- gallon, half-gallon, etc., but just the liter of half and half (it was late and I needed it for my coffee in the morning).  :)They have a nice size liquor area, Illini gear, holiday stuff, etc.It's 24 hours with a 24 hour pharmacy.~~~~~~Okay, I have decided that CVS is more expensive than Walgreens.
2	I got some pretty horrible customer service from a manager here. Told me to go to office depot instead of helping me look to see if they had anything I could use here first.  After checking their products just in case I actually found what I was looking for.  When I showed it to the manager he just shrugged and nodded and went back to what he was doing.
2	Wish I could say this CVS was as good as the rest, but it's noooo fun when you go back to pick up a scrip that should've been ready an hour prior to your return, only to find out the computers are down and they can't fill it. However, the pharmacist did attempt to call and notify me, but my phone was off. Sooo pharmacy gets a C, but pharmacist gets an A.
1	Out of all the terrible customer service experiences I've had throughout an extremely busy and hectic couple of years, this was the one that actually caused me to create a Yelp account and write a review.To make a long story short, CVS changed the brand of my medication and didn't tell me about it, thus giving me reason to complain. However, it was the pharmacy manager at this store and her extremely unprofessional, rude, defensive, arrogant behavior that has made me vow to never step foot in a CVS again. She glared, she flung her hands, she might as well have been blowing flames out her nose, and she wasn't even the one with a reason to be upset. I'm appalled that a business would hire someone who treats their customers with this kind of disrespect. This woman has no business being in a position that requires customer interaction of any kind, much less managing a pharmacy that caters to thousands of college students' individual health needs. I would strongly suggest not working with this pharmacy; if something goes wrong, they not only won't be there to help you out, they'll literally add insult to injury.I had a wonderful experience at the Target pharmacy later on. They might not have a drive thru, but they give a damn. Go there.
4	This might be the largest CVS I have ever been in.  Otherwise, it's a standard CVS.
