4	Authentic Indian classics plus great service. Being the novice that I am, the waitress was patient and took the time to explain the menu as well the "heat" levels, and made great recommendations according to my tastes.Royal Taj serves tandoori, curry, samosas, and fragrant basmati rice.  One nice thing is they offer many complete dinners that include dinner, dessert, and Indian coffee for one price.
5	Best Indian food (highly recommend the Shahi Paneer) I've eaten!  Overly courteous staff, great prices, friendly atmosphere.  I've eaten here for the past year or so at least once a week and the menu never gets dull or boring.  Their Matar Paneer or Aloo Matar is to die for.  Additionally, try the veggie pakoras as a nice appetizer.  If things get too spicy, cool off with a delicious Mango Lassi.
5	By far my favorite restaurant in valley. Deliciously spicey. A bit pricey if you're picking and choosing items but they're complete meals are a pretty good bang for the buck. Not actually sure about the service as I've only gotten takeout but if its any where close to the quality of food, then it must be awesome.
2	Nothing would make me happier than finding good Indian food in the Phoenix area.  Unfortunately, that hasn't happened yet.We started off our meal with two kinds of naan - one stuffed with lamb and one stuffed with chicken.  The lamb naan was very mediocre - the meat inside was completely dry and not very flavorful.  The chicken naan didn't seem to have any chicken in it, so I'm not sure what happened there.We ordered our entrees and were asked if we wanted rice with them.  We said yes, but when our check came out we discovered that they charged us $2 per person for rice.  Seriously, two bucks each for a little thing of rice with our entrees.  $2 could've bought each of us a 5-pound bag of rice at the grocery store.  Also, it would have been nice if they had mentioned to us that we would be charged for the rice.  But I can't stop wondering why they charged at all for rice - every Indian place I've ever been to just brings rice out with the entree.  So this pissed me off, and I would've given Royal Taj 3 stars if they hadn't charged us for rice.The entrees themselves were alright, I'd say very average as far as Indian food goes.  They were flavorful and the spice level was about where I expected it to be, but I've definitely had better Indian food before (not anywhere in the Phoenix area though).When we were done with our entrees, we ordered some Indian coffee.  About 10-15 minutes passed with no sign of our coffee.  Then, they brought us our check which had the Indian coffee on it.  We waited for our server to walk by so we could mention we never got the coffee, and after another 5-10 minutes, our server finally came by and brought us the coffee.  This was kind of upsetting.Also, not that this has any effect on my rating of Royal Taj, but we had a lot of difficulty communicating with our server and the rest of the restaurant staff.  It didn't seem like anyone spoke English very well - when we asked for something, we received a confused look and then the person walked away.  This made our experience more difficult.Overall, I'd say Royal Taj is overpriced and the food is just very average (at best).  Time to continue the never-ending search for good Indian food.
4	I wish I still worked close to this place so I could eat here every day.I love the buffet, the atmosphere and the food.I cant believe I drove right by it for years and never stopped in.  I was missing out.
3	I just had a crap-tastic day at the office. I'm tired as all get-out. And, to top it off, it's my birthday (a quarter century, if you're curious) and I'm too exhausted to celebrate with anything more than a smooch from my sweetie.But I have a belly full of Royal Taj takeout and a glass of pinot noir. Things could be a lot worse.While it's not the best Indian I've ever tasted, Royal Taj is consistently good -- plus, it's got a large enough menu to keep me trying new things for awhile. I'm a big fan of any of their saag dishes -- that creamy, spinachy, spicy concoction filled with lamb, chicken, seafood, or paneer -- served up spicy.Vindaloo, korma  and daal are all other safe bets here, as are the tandoor dishes. Hell, I'll eat anything on the menu, really.So, why three stars? Well, the lamb's sometimes a little dry, and tonight, they forgot my rice, and overall, their prices are a little high compared to other local Indian joints. Plus, there's still a soft spot in my heart for Udupi and their swoon-worth veggie dishes. But if Royal Taj can make my piss-poor day feel OK, chances are it can cure what ails you, too.
4	I've driven past this restaurant a number of times w/o even noticing it but am now a big fan.  Whenever I've come here there's only ever a few other groups of people there at most and yet the food is fantastic.  The chicken korma is particularly tasty!With regards to the service, there is definitely a language barrier with the server (which I thought might be difficult to deal with).  However, the food is great so I think it's worth it.
4	When hubby and I first landed in Mesa, we were had a fierce craving for Indian food. We pulled up google and did a search which led us to Royal Taj.We had literally been in Mesa for a few days and were used to Indian food in Britain. We found this place ok, but not as flavorful as we would have liked....Two Years Later...After lacklustre Indian food and mindbendingly tasteless curries from different places, I decided to give this place one more try. It's also ten minutes away from my house.I will have to change my mind about this place - the curry is wonderful and their tandoori chicken is just barely made on this side of heaven.I will recommend Royal Taj to anyone who wants good Indian food.This is my favorite Indian place - until I find a new one.  :D
5	I was totally jonesing for Indian food, and since none of my friends like Indian food, I decided to go solo.  That's always an awkward thing, but I was undeterred in my quest!I've been to Royal Taj many times, and it is consistently good.  The naan is fabulous, the chicken tikka masala is always tender and delicious, and the palak paneer is incredible.It's not one of those places to go if you're looking for outstanding service or ambience, but the food is always great!
4	I love it..  I only did take out and not sure I would eat in the restaurant.  It kind of feels like you're intruding into somebody else's home when you are in the restaurant, but that aside, I really only care for take outs in this case because I'm the only one in my household who cares for indian anyway.  The food is great.  I just moved to Tempe from Ahwatukee, where I had my Indian Star to comfort me.. and this has turned out to be the perfect replacement.
5	I'm Indian and have eaten at several of the Indian restaurants in the valley. Yes, I recognize that Indian restaurants in Phoenix generally suck.  So with that in mind, Royal Taj is the second best Indian restaurant in the valley (Guru Palace is #1). In another city with quality Indian restaurants, this restaurant would get 3.5 to 4 starts but for Phoenix, it's the best.  It's a true Indian Punjabi restaurant that makes great Malai Kofta, Chicken Tikka Masala, Palak Paneer, Boti Kebob and Tandoori chicken.  They serve their tandoori dishes on sizzling clay plates which even nice restaurants like Dehli Palace (Tempe: University and Rural) doesn't do.That being said, the restaurant isn't without it's flaws. It's located in an abandoned strip mall that can feel unsafe at times with strange people walking around.  In addition, the restaurant had a bad odor the other night.  The service needs improvement.  There is essentially one server for the entire restaurant (the wife of the cook). She is very sweet but doesn't speak English well but she understands English perfectly.  The lamb is a little dry.  I would stick to their curries. With all of this being said, it is the second best Indian restaurant in the valley.  A lot of the so-called Indian restaurants like Tandoori Times are really Pakastani restaurants which is a different style of cuisine that specializes in more grilled items but uses less spices and sauces. It's also not a South Indian restaurant posing as a north Indian restaurant.
4	Good-quality food and very consistent.  My group enjoyed the chicken tikka masala, lamb karahi, mutter paneer (peas and homemade cheese in a coconut curry sauce), with basmati rice and aloo paratha (naan with potatoes and peas).  Their vegetable samosas are pretty tasty, too!Service could be much better.  We had to wait awhile to order the food, dessert, and then again for the ticket.  BTW, portions are pretty slim, but the flavors all but make up for the small portions.
5	This gets 5 stars because its the best Indian food I've had in Arizona. Granted, all I've been eating the last two weeks prior to this was freggin' hospital food, and this may skew the view slightly, but OH MY GOD! It was so good to taste good food! The naan was perfect. Buttery, with some charred crisp to it, properly seasoned with garlic and non-descript green herb. This buffet also had chai and a pretty good dessert bar. Service was friendly and attentive without being too in your face. I'm planning on going back soon.
4	I had eaten at a number of Indian Eateries in the USA and Overseas,e.g., China, Thailand, South Africa, Europe, UK, Middle east and a few other places.So I can speak with some authority.If you want to eat a reasonable Indian Food Lunch Buffet, this is an OK place to go.Yes the place has seen better days, but the owners are OK, evertything tastes OK, the people eating there seemed not to be in the throws of Food Poisoning.So when I see " worst " attached to some of the reviews, this is indeed an overstatement and I have to wonder what drives an evaluation.  That is unless their experience was totally different than mine.It is just a friendly, OK Indianfood place.  The Nan came out OK, the tea was nice and I don't feel bloated out.I left a tip and they where most gracious.So I'd say go if you are in the area and want some American Pallatable (Commercial) Indian Food, GO!This will certainly not be a buffet place for indians and please note that most Americans would die on their 1st visit if they ate what Indians really eat.  ;-)  Most indians turn their nose up to American Style Indian food anyways because it is certainly not hot/ spicy enough.It is my 1st Indian Food experience in the town.  I' ll check out the other establishments too.pv2
4	I've never had Indian cuisine before and a friend of mine has been craving it since he left the UK. So, we opted for Royal Taj. Since I am an Indian cuisine virgin, it wasn't a bad place to eat. My friend and I had the Tandoori Chicken dish. I thought it was really good!! I ordered the "half" serving and it was quite filling. I even had to get a to-go box. The Naan bread was really good! My friend told me something was missing with the dish. He said "the Tandoori Chicken dish usually comes with curry sauce..." (from his past experience). For him it wasn't that good compared to the Indian cuisine is Britain.But for a "virgin" like me it was GREAT!!
5	I've been back and it is still equally as yummy! Last time they had a mushroom curry, which I've never heard of, but it was delish! It was also really empty when I came last week and I was sad. This place is so great, but its in this crappy strip mall where everything else has gone out of business. Its sort of tucked away, but totally worth the effort to look!
5	I have been dining at this Indian restaurant for a few years now.  It was introduced to me by a close friend.  I have taken my co-workers, members of my ward, my mother and brothers and finally I get a chance to review it online.I don't mind going in for dinner, but the buffet is to die for.  Their consistency has never failed.  This place is great!
5	I will be in Az hopefully next month-ish and this is one of my must have's for the trip. I miss the Taj *snif* This is one of maybe 2 things I miss about Arizona. The owners are truly the most hospitable people I have ever met. They are so proud of what they have worked to achieve, and it shows big time! The food.. I don't even know where to start. Mouth watering, just the right kinda spicy.. mmm mmmmm good stuff! The naan is always fresh and hot. My personal favorite (which wasn't on the menu but they made it for me anyway!!) is the lamb dahiwalla (sp?). Can you say heaven on a plate? Not sure if they still have the buffet, as it's been a few years since I moved back, but it's the best damn 9 bucks you'll ever spend on lunch if they do. Know how normally all these places have buffet's full of dishes that taste like watered down versions of the same thing.. with slight variations? Eh.. meat with potatos and a sauce.. another meat with potatos but a different sauce.. stuff like that. Not the Taj!! Everything looked and tasted like it's own thing, and it was always fresh. No nasty burnt on, sitting for hours, looks like roadkill stuff here! Possibly the best Indian food I've ever had. Possibly the best Indian food you'll ever have too heh :)
2	Some of the better Indian cuisine in the valley here at the Royal Taj.  Consistently good entrees, bread is rather good, and service is always friendly.  Cute little bar in the center at the back when you walk in, and I think it's under utilized.Only complaint is the restrooms can be a little frightening.  Note to self: come here just to eat.Edit:  Cleanliness issues in multiple respects, including silverware, plates, buffet.  Won't be coming back.
4	This place is proof that Phoenicians are more about style than substance. Like another poster mentioned, the place is empty and it shouldn't be because the food is delicious. Yes, it's a hole in the wall but its also safe: think Broadway and the 101...we are not talking Maryvale here.The food is wonderful. The chicken tikka masala isn't a cheap gravy soup. There are actual pieces of boneless white chicken breast. The sauce has a perfect red-orange color with a nice creamy consistency. And unlike 90% of Phoenix Indian restaurants, they didn't overdo the tomato in this curry so it's not sour and has a nice buttery and smooth flavor. The saag paneer is thick and uses real spinach; it's not a Campbell's cream of spinach soup with some mirchi. And the malai kofta is arguably the best in the city. The kofta balls are not hard and doughy and the sauce has a nice creamy texture. It's a difficult dish to do and if you want to see if an Indian restaurant is legitimate, order the malai kofta. If a place butchers that dish, leave because if they cant do that dish well, you know it's not a real Indian restaurant.This place is a true mom and pop joint. No, this is the real thing meaning the pop cooks and the mom waits tables literally. I love that. But if you are Joe Phoenix and are expecting to eat at a Scottsdale'd up PF Chang's version of an Indian restaurant, go to Dhaba up the street, if you actually want good food, go here.The service is friendly but the problem is the mom is the only server. Suprisingly she is faster than 3 or 4 teenage servers at most Phoenix restaurants but still, I have to be objective and find something wrong right..so there you go, slow service.Nonetheless, this place is charming because it's anti Phoenix. It's a family owned restaurant. The ambience is sincere. You genuinely get the idea that you are dining to a home cooked meal. Yes, the place could do more in regards to the ambience. It really reminds you of an 80's restaurant but I could care less about that other stuff. I'm about the food and service. I always get treated like I'm the owner's kids and she treats everyone like that and the food is wonderful. What more could you ask for?
3	This nice mid-sized place has patio dining available during the cooler months, and a full bar.  It's comfortable inside, & the food is ok, but to me there was nothing exciting about the place.  The Chicken Tikka Masala was delicious, but the lentil soup & yogurt salad dressing were not as good as at Indian Delhi Palace, & I had more fun at Delhi Palace Cuisine of India.  With the price a little high at $9.99 for lunch, & both of these alternatives nearby, I can only give Royal Taj 3-Stars.
2	Not overly impressed.What is the crispy flat bread they bring with dipping sauce before your meal called?  It was really good but they only brought 2 pieces for our table of 4.Mango Lassi- DelicousYogurt Salad- just okayGarlic Naan- really goodBangan Bharta- could be spelled wrong?  The eggplant- Worst I have ever had in any Indian Restaurant.Also, I ordered my entree mild to medium.  Others at our table ordered very hot temperature.  I believe mine was the spicest of all.  Hate when they mess that up!!!
3	My girlfriend and I were craving some Indian food so we looked up this place on Yelp and decided to hit it up while we were in Tempe. We ended up getting the lunch buffet, which was overall just OK.  The Saag Paneer was disappointing, while some of the curries were way too salty.   However on the plus side the garlic naan and the chicken tikka masala were delicious and the chicken tandoori wasn't bad.  Also the service was very friendly.  It may have just been an off day but I can only only give it 3 stars.
4	I always wonder why there are few cars in the parking lot of this restaurant whenever I drive by because this place is pretty good!  They have a menu with great variety, and for those of you unsure about Indian food, no worries.  The menu describes what's in each dish.  The portions are pretty decent as is the price.  The naan is huge, but a little crispier than I'm used to having it back in Chicago.  The mango lassi was also a little less dense than I prefer, but it still tasted awesome and was quite refreshing in this heat.  The owners appear to be kind of mom-and-pop-ish, and they're really nice, too.  I'll probably be back.Warning: If you make your food spicy, even if you think you can handle spicy, it's gonna be spicier than you think.
4	Amazing food. Top two in AZ for Indian [other being Star of India in Ahwatukee]. I love that they have paneer tikka masala on the buffet every day. Butter/Tomato sauce and you get to enjoy it if you're a vegetarian! Sooo good. They also usually have delicious renditions oif Saag Paneer, Daal Mahrani[sp] Chicken Vindaloo and Chicken Tikka Masala. I try not to eat commodity meat so I tend to avoid the chicken. Sometimes I cannot help myself and I go for the Vindaloo sauce which has sad-chicken juices in it... So tasty :\The biggest drawback to the place is the service. Don't get me wrong, it's very friendly and well intentioned. But it totally lacks in that fluid, excellent service that can elevate a restaurant experience. The owners handle the service [as well as seemingly everything else] and this can lead to occasional long waits to get your check, or have your card run. There's also a language gap, which would make it difficult for somebody who doesn't know Indian cuisine to get informed answers to questions about the menu.It's also, as other have mentioned, a bit of a bummer to me that they have a FULL bar, and yet I cannot imagine that if I ordered a drink other than a rum and coke they'd possibly get it right. I know most people don't go to Indian food to get sauced but it's always nice to have the option, particularly if they're going to have the full bar.Despite all these negatives, I still rate the place tops, second only to Star of India [where the food is at least as good, if not slightly better, and everybody speaks English fluently]I recently moved very close to this place, which has been a real trial of temptation. So far I've limited myself to no more than twice a month but I'm not sure how long I can keep up that level of restraint :]
5	Arguably the best or second best Indian restaurant in the valley. I had the food there the other day and it's still up there. I'm Indian and very picky about Indian food. I don't eat at buffets because I feel the quality of food isn't that good, that's how picky I am. And this place and Guru Palace are the only Indian restaurants in the Phoenix Metropolitan area that deserve 5 stars.
1	Went there for lunch buffet once. A cockroach was crawling on the side of the table cover I was sitting with a friend at. That's all I have to say....
4	Went for the lunch buffet. The Garlic naan was pretty much the best I had in Phoenix. They had basmati rice, Daal, Palak Paneer (Saag Paneer), Potatoes and Mushrooms, Paneer, Chicken Makhani, Another type of chicken( which was the best dish) and tandoori chicken(not really great).Over all a really good indian buffet in the Phoenix area. Will probably go back again.
5	The best indian food i have found in the phx/tempe area.Royal Taj is awesome. tandoori anything...GET IT! delicious naan try the special naan...soooo good! So much saffron!The owners(I'm assuming) are sooo nice and always remember my friend when we come in. They also bring us on the house sticky balls for dessert usually (I think these are called galub jamen err...something) One funny thing we always look for though is a poop stain on the wall in the womens restroom...it is ALWAYS there! makes me wonder about other things...but eh....BEST INDIAN FOOD IN TOWNZ!
3	The food tastes great here, but I probably won't eat here again.  Why?  First of all, the food selection was comparatively small.  Most Indian buffets I've been to simply have more options.  Next, it's not the most flattering facility.  It seems a bit dingy.  Finally, they gouge you on the price.  $10 for a lunch buffet is just too much, considering you can go a mile down the road to Pasand for $2-$3 less.
4	Perhaps one would consider me 'spoiled,' 'high maintenance,' or 'snobby' in regards to my standards for good food (and possibly in regards to several other personal attributes, but that's besides the point..). Having lived in Boston for many years, a city with greater ethnic diversity than Phoenix, I became accustomed to delicious and authentic Indian food. I had my pick from a number of excellent choices in Somerville, Cambridge, Brighton, South End, and the Back Bay..but here in Phoenix, the pickings are slim. But good news! I have found my spot for Indian food in the Valley - Royal Taj. It is located in a shopping plaza in a shady-ish area of Tempe, but don't let that deter you from savoring the delicious flavors of India. The restaurant is a true family affair. If you've ever had the pleasure of knowing Indian parents, you'll just love the owners. Service is fast and friendly, and the atmosphere is homey. You'll hear the main proprietor calling out your order across the room to the kitchen, and soon enough, you'll have amazing food on your table.Their menu is excellent, with a wide array of naan, tandoori, masala, curries, biryani, and saag. I thought their mango lassi was excellent - not too thick, not too thin, and bursting the sweet taste of mango. For dinner, they start you with these spiced crisps and dipping sauces, which surprisingly did an excellent job of whetting my appetite. The garlic naan was very good - I ate the entire order on my own! We ordered tandoori chicken and kahari chicken. The tandoori chicken arrived on a sizzling dish and was just beautiful. I thought its flavors were great and the half-serving was more than enough for one person. The karahi chicken was delicious and had just the right spicy kick. The basmati rice was aromatic, plentiful, and perfectly done. After dinner, they serve gulab jamun - sweet, sticky fried dough-like balls. Yum! Even my leftovers were amazing two days later! Next time I'll definitely try a masala, and maybe come in for the lunch buffet. I still miss the diversity and options that Boston presents, but I have to say I am very happy to have found a really great place here in Tempe. Royal Taj is just what I was looking for.
5	I'm giving first place back to Royal Taj. After less than stellar experiences at Guru Palace (60 and Gilbert) and Taj Mahal (McDowell and Scottsdale), Royal Taj is getting back my vote for the best Indian Restaurant in the valley. In case you haven't followed my reviews, I'm an Indian food connoisseur and have been to nearly Indian restaurant in the Valley. In my opinion, Royal Taj, Guru Palace and Taj Mahal are in the top 3 Indian restaurants in the valley. I'm not one of these clueless guys who judges a restaurant by how many selections were offered at the buffet. It's about quality not quantity and I don't eat at buffets because you are getting the watered down spiceless stuff they serve to the mainstream.  The food was truly outstanding and I think word is finally getting around because the place was packed. The Chicken Tikka Masala got the perfect blend of creaminess and smoothness to the curry that Guru Palace and Taja Mahal lacked. The palak paneer is the best in the city and it's truly unique in that they don't mix cheap pieces of broccoli and pure into a soup. It's the real deal..real spinach with no filler. The naan was excellent as always. Everything is pretty good on this menu. Again, the only knock on this place is its ambience. It's a hole in the wall but then against so are most Chinese and Mexican places (the good ones anyway) so if you are truly about great Indian food come here.
4	Royal Taj is great Indian food. I was never a fan of Indian food until a friend took me to Royal Taj and made me order the chicken tikka masala. Boy was I suprised, it was awesome and the garlic naan we ordered with it was YUMMY. Be careful if you don't like spicey food because I ordered mine medium spice and iit still made my nose run a bit. Royal Taj also has a 9.99 lunch buffet that is pretty good for the price. The food on the buffet isn't as good as if you order fresh off the menu so don't judge Royal Taj on the buffet alone. I've tried a few other Indian restaurants since I started loving Royal Taj and have not found one yet who has a better chicken tikka masala. If you like Indian food, Royal Taj is a must try.
5	Garlic naan is wonderful.  Had the chicken biriyani, lamb vindaloo, and chicken tikka masala, which were all great.  We asked for the food very spicy, and it was exactly that.  Service was great.
1	I had to give a star because it's mandatory, but this place should not get one at all. My friend and I ate here one night, we were practically alone in this dead restaurant. After the way were treated and the food I can see why it was dead. The waitress took about 5 minutes to ask us what we wanted to drink, then took about another 10 to take our dinner order. She told us that rice was not included with our meal and that we had to get it on the side at and extra cost, but the whole meal had rice so I don't know what she was trying to do. After she dropped off our food she came back and was trying to make me put my food on to another plate and got mad when I said no. Then about 20 minutes later she came back and asked if I wanted a box for the rest of my food and I told her no she got mad and didnt come back. We had to go up to the cashier and explain our order to him, right after we did that she finally came over and tried to get in the middle of everything. This was the first time I ever had this type of food and at this place, I don't think I will ever try either again.
4	I keep looking around for a good Indian places, and this is one of two which consistently delivers. Star of India, in Ahwatukee, is the other.
5	I love the food- & the staff feels like extended family.
5	glory be to tandoori eeei heart this place so much, and that means more than you. raj rani is the cutest, i swear she is hopped up on ginkgo biloba because you can come in with a party of 6+ and she never forgets the who's and the what's. appetizers are meh....but the chicken fraizee and chicken tikka are sexlectric. get the tikka and you will understand. special naan is flipping good as well, but i usually go with onion kulcha or pudina parantha. the bar is shiny and someday i will drink to drunk here...but i will not over do it because the last place you would want to be flailing around would be the ladies room stall. yes,it is still there...it's gone from disgusting to endearing. my favorite transition, actually.  i have come here hungover..it's a miracle really. sweet lassi will cure many an ailment.the sticky balls are delish but if you go during buffet hours your balls will be hot, i prefer them chilled, better for the syrup. i highly recommend this place...i wish they were open for breakfast.
3	Our first venture into Indian cuisine in the valley was mostly a success. Royal Taj appears to be an authentic Indian restaurant, which is exactly what we were looking for. They also serve alcohol (almost always a plus), and interestingly, they serve meat too (which is a first at an Indian restaurant for us). Here is what we ordered, impressions, and the like. Vegetable Samosa (2) served with tamarind dipping sauce: very tasty with nice filling and pastry-like shell.Tandoori Chicken (whole) served sizzling with vegetables on top: the chicken was drenched in oil, which unfortunately took away from the flavor and added on to the heart burn. The hostess recommended the chicken tikki masala, and perhaps we should have listened to her.Aloo Matter (potatoes cooked with green peas and spice): this was also served in a very creamy yellow sauce (almost like a rich corn chowder). The vegetables were good, although the sauce was a bit heavy for our taste. Rice: I have no idea why, but I really digged the rice. It was moist without being buttery. Naan (plain): plain good, and it also helped balance the very saucy main dishesChicken vindaloo: ordered but not served. The waitress takes orders by memory, and I think this one slipped her mind. No matter, we ordered too much food anyway!Service & ambiance: nice size restaurant, pleasant atmosphere with the Indian music in the background. It was a slow Saturday night (at least when we were there), which made for a very homey experience. The owners are in no hurry to kick you out, so you can eat, drink, and be merry at your own pace. Overall, it was a pleasant experience. Next time, I hope they bring the Vindaloo and forget the Tandoori.
5	Love this place, when I need my Indian fix, this Royal Taj is the cats meow! If you like/love Indian food like me, you have to try it! Their garlic Naan is amazing, The chicken Korma is possibly the best I have ever had (among the many other delicious morsels). The service is great, and the staff, which I think are the owners and immediate family are welcoming and genuine without fail! Royal Taj is a gem, and its good for big groups too!  Did I mention the food is even better a day later as left overs!!! Oh Yea! As a side note, last time we were in there, about a week ago, they were doing some renovations, and updating some decor, which already looked great!
5	oh lord what a good place to get some yummy, authentic indian food. I went there with a friend. Upon entering, I was instantly transported back to some of my indian friends parent's restaurants from my chidlhood. The ambiance is from another time which can be good or bad depending on your perspective. The owners serve the food and are very kind and attentive.We ordered some samosas which were delicious. We then had chicken tikka masala, my favorite. It was so creamy with tender chicken pieces just melting in my mouth. We had rice with it and both garlic and plain naan. So tasty. Very good quality food. An older woman who reminded me of mom came out and asked if we wanted rice. It was very sweet.At the end of the meal, we were blessed with "sweet balls" ( :) i can't remember what they are called). these were on the house and were absolutely wonderful as well. I have to say that I really don't have any complaints. I also didn't find the neighbor hood to be all that bad. We went there around 6p. If you are in the area and looking for some great indian food, this is definately the place. Actually i would probably drive a good distance to go here.
4	There once was a Nader that craved delicious food one Saturday morning. On this particular Saturday morning, Nader was living in Tempe, close to Broadway and McClintock, and after much thought (and inquiry with his hungry girlfriend) he decided to go to Royal Taj for Indian buffet. Nader's tummy rumbled with fierce fierceness the second he stepped in! He went in for a little bit of this and a little bit of that, filling his plate with a plethora of rich flavors! But then, right as he thought he chose all that he would choose on his visit to the buffet line, he noticed chicken curry. Nader knew right then that this Saturday was a special day! He had never tried Royal Taj's chicken curry before because it had never been out during previous visits. Excited, he rushed back to the table and filled his cheeks with all the wonderful dishes, making sure to save some of the curry for the naan. After his first bite of the curry, he smiled cheek to cheek! The curry was wonderful and actually a little bit spicy, with bone-in pieces of chicken for enormous amounts of flavor! "Oh, how this food is amazing today!" he said after a couple of plates! Nader was very pleased! Nader was also very full, and he vowed to eat that curry again! On that particular Saturday, Nader left Royal Taj a better man. A better man because he now had a mission to not let Royal Taj go unnoticed when it came to East Valley Indian cuisine. But it is up to you, Yelp user, to go give it a try yourself. So go! Go and feast upon the glory that is Royal Taj!
4	yum yum yum. This restaurant is too close to my house to be a good thing. Love their samosas, chicken tikka masala, garlic naan bread, lamb vindaloo, and everything else I've tried here. Staff is really sweet. Lunch buffet actually has spicy things on the menu.
5	We walked in at 9:45pm and they close at 10pm. The owners were so kind and accommodating. We had an order of the garlic naan. It was the perfect mix of chewy and crunchy. We decided to split an order of the chicken tikka masala with a side of rice. It was wonderful! The spice was just right and the flavor was perfect. I have been thinking about it ever since. When we were finished we had a great chat with the owners and they brought us some honey balls. They were served cold and finished the meal perfectly. Who wants to meet me there now? I'm hungry.
2	[3 Stars by PHX comparison and 2 overall] My quest for Indian food in the valley continues. Call me spoiled but I have had some GREAT Indian food (on and off a buffet) and everything after that is relative. I also learned to make a few of my favorite dishes for those times I lived in the boonies and couldn't easily get my Indian fix. Craving Indian food for Sunday brunch, I recall a restaurant that many of my friends have tried and enjoyed, Royal Taj. Popped in just after noon, its not busy. The ambiance is warm and cozy. I request a booth and decide on the buffet. It is small but contains the standard fare, basmati rice, saag paneer, a lentil (dal) dish, a chickpea dish, veggie pakora, masala paneer, chicken tikka masala, chicken vindaloo and tandori chicken. A sign above the buffet says that Garlic Naan will be served at the table. Picking up my large plate and put rice at the center and put a little of just about everything around the outside to try. As I served the saag paneer I noticed I didn't see the chunks of paneer I often do with this dish (maybe they blend it in). Plate full and serving myself up a cup of warm chai (included at the buffet) I sat back at my booth. Shortly there after my naan arrives HOT and fresh. I pull apart a piece, crispy on the outside and soft interior. The garlic not as prominent as I would have liked, but as I would find out soon the naan was the main redeeming quality about Royal Taj. Five stars for the naan!! The rest of the food was lack luster, not bad just not that good even by Phx standards, the pakora were stale and the masalas thin. My relative favorites from this buffet were the chicken vindaloo, the saag paneer and the chickpea dish. These were seasoned well, although I missed the chunks of paneer in the saag. They had 2 of my most favorite desserts on the buffet, kheer (sweet rice) and the gulab jamun (pastry balls in a cardamon honey syrup). The kheer appeared strangely thick, but I didn't think much when serving it. When I finally got to the table and had a bite....did they use yogurt or buttermilk? There was a strange cultured milk flavor that was not typical of most kheer, needless to say this was the first time I didn't finish my kheer (when often I go for seconds). The gulab jamun on the other hand were great, homemade, soft and melted in your mouth. 5 stars for the galub jamun. The buffet was @ $11 with tax, which is about average but high considering the quality was just barely ok. My search continues...which several other places in the Valley yet to try, I doubt I will be back....
3	The food was good although it seemed a little pricey for what you got.  The restaurant itself felt dark and dingy which I was hoping would translate into yummy home style Indian food, but I was a little disappointed.  It seemed like a family run place who was trying to be more American and commercial.   All together the experience left me feeling like I have yet to find my go to Indian restaurant.
5	I  really miss this place since we moved to California. It is owned by a lovely couple who treat you as though you are their only guest even when they are really busy. The shrimp korma is my fave and my husband favors their chicken tikka masala. I can also never say no to there Aloo Gobi. Definitely worth checking out.
1	I went here based on Yelp reccos. I ordered Chicken Saag, a favorite because I like to think it is healthier to eat spinach then to not eat spinach.I cut open the first piece of chicken and it was uncooked. Now, we all like tuna, sushi style. Some people like their steak with a purpleinterior, but no one likes to eat raw chicken.I asked for my check, paid it and left. I did write a note on the check but my best advice is stay away.
4	I dropped in here while visiting to watch some spring training games. And I'm glad I did. My home town of Denver has some great Indian places and Royal Taj is right up there with any I be been to. Obviously a family run establishment, on a Monday night it was lightly patronized, mostly by folks who looked to be Indian themselves. Always a good sign. I had the chicken Tika something something on recommendation of the woman who was serving. It was a nice blend of spices and the bismati rice was perfectly done. The medium spicy had a nice amount of heat without being overpowering (I've never learned to appreciate the full-on heat of most Indian and South-Asian cuisine).Definitely worth a visit. Now, if someone could just explain why nearly every Indian restaurant has maroon table cloths, I'd be very grateful.
5	So for dinner tonight I decided that I was craving Indian food. I have tried several places here in Tempe and while I enjoyed one of them, the rest were fairly mediocre. So I decided to go to the Indian restaurant with the highest ratings. So Royal Taj became my destination.I was definitely looking forward to my meal, and trust me it did not disappoint. The service was excellent and just the right amount of attentive and time spent away from the table. No one ever just refilled my water, they asked and then polity reached to get the glass. I was even offered more ice!As for the food I bought Chicken Tikka Masala (medium spice) and garlic Nan. The rice that came with the curry was perfectly cooked. So was the Nan, which was simply delicious.The curry was amazing. The sauce was rich, and flavorful. The spice level was perfect. The chicken was nicely cooked and tender. It was not dry. This was hands down the best Indian food I've had since I moved to Arizona.
5	I love this place! Indian is my absolute favorite and I've been going to Royal Taj for 3 years now. I always order the same - vegetable pakoras, an order of naan and Aloo Dumm. It's consistently perfect. I'm kind of a wimp and get mine mild but no one I've eaten there with who likes a lot of heat has had any complaints. The service is also very friendly and we're always made to feel at home.
5	This place absolutely rocks! I was a little skeptical at first because of the name (tired of Indian restaurants named as 'gates', 'taj', 'palace', 'paradise'). We were a group of 5 guys on our way to a movie and were left with only this place for an option as it was after 9 PM on Saturday. Being not a busy night, an elderly punjabi lady and a couple of gentlemen took personal care of us. We ordered a paneer dish, a dal dish and a chicken dish and everything was made to perfection. Naans and rotis were fresh, cooked properly and tasted good, if not great. We also had 3 full Indian beer bottles and altogether our check came to just $75/-. To top it off, they gave us complimentary Gulab Jamuns towards the end and we were extremely delighted. All in all - a perfect experience for me and I would recommend this place to any Indian food fans. Though I stay in North Phoenix, I'd want to visit this place again at least for a couple of times to see how far it is consistent experience.
5	This is, hands-down, our favorite Indian restaurant, and really, it's our favorite restaurant in the Valley. They won us over long ago with their consistently excellent food and service, but they really won our undying allegiance by being open on Christmas Day.We almost always order a korma dish. It is lush and creamy with a bit of sweetness. Being a vegetarian, I love all their paneer dishes especially the saag paneer and paneer tikka. In my meat-eating days, I was head over heels with any shrimp dish. They always use big, plump suckers not sad little dried out bay shrimp like some other places. Their basmati is way better than the other Indian places in town. They actually flavor it properly. Garlic naan is, of course, heavenly.Service is quick and friendly. Over the six years dining at Royal Taj, we have never had a bad moment or slip up. This place really is a gem, and I hope more people give it a shot. It's never crowded which is nice, but we're constantly worried it will go out of business.
3	They are only getting three stars from me because while the food was delicious, the service was abhorrent. We were seated and the waiter explained the menu a little to my partner who has never eaten Indian food before. When we were ready to order, we had to flag him down to come take our order and he seemed like he was really pained to take our order and did not say thank you or anything. It took forever for us to get our drinks and we had to remind him to bring them to us. The food finally came and things are a little expensive here, rice is not included and the portions are small. The flavor of everything is spot on and genuinely authentic though. I ordered the matter paneer which is  green peas and homemade cheese cooked with spices (8.95). My partner ordered the lamb fraizee which is lamb cooked in special gravy with onions, tomatoes, bell peppers, tossed in an Indian skillet (14.95). The naan and garlic naan was to die for and is only 2.00 and 2.50 respectively. The atmosphere is intimate and quiet so this makes for a good date spot but the service was inexcusable. No one came while we were eating to see how anything was and we had to flag down the waiter to fill our glasses with soda. We ordered a lot of food and enjoyed that portion of it but when it came time to leave we also had to flag the waiter down to get us our check. We left with no thank you or any acknowledgment. I think the waiter was one of the cooks so maybe he needs more work on customer service. I will try Royal Taj again however and then post my updated review it was that good.
4	I went here the other night after a nearly 18 month absence (not because of anything wrong with this place but because I had graduated from law school and wasn't in the area as often) and am glad I did! I remembered why I love this place: the service is friendly, the food is good, the prices are fair. It wasn't very busy on a Thursday evening so I had the pick of any table I wanted. One of the owners bustled over with water right away and took my drink order. I wanted a Blue Himalayan beer but she told me that they were out but she made a suggestion of a similar beer, the Flying Horse, and it was prefect with the food. I ordered garlic naan, basmati rice and chicken vindaloo. The flavors are all great but here's what I love about this place: when I say "Indian hot, please" they bring it to me Indian hot. She only raised one eyebrow and repeated back "Indian hot?" And when I nodded, she smiled and away she went. I loved the spice on my vindaloo and the beer that she suggested worked well to cool me down as I was eating. I love that the heat doesn't hide the amazing flavors in their dishes. The portions are generous and I had a good dinner and a large lunch out of my meal. The lamb saag is also excellent and I have had their biryanis in the past as well. This is a solid place to go and I am glad to have rediscovered it after a long time away.
5	YUMMY!! I loved this place!! The food was out of this world AND  they have a HUGE menu with tons of veg options.  I would recommend this for anyone that loves Indian -- especially good for first timers.  You can get the sauces in mild if you don't like it too spicy.  The staff was soooo sweet and polite.  We went last night for the first time and even though I had an allergic reaction to one of the spices.....(I think it was cardamom) and had to get wasted on benadryl when I got home I am still DYING to go back ASAP!! We will definitely keep going back again and again.  :0)
4	I came here tonight with my friend on one of our worldly eating adventures. I thought it was very good! The place isn't super fancy inside or out, but the service was fine and attentive and the food was good. We shared the lamb vindaloo (spicy) and chicken tikka masala (medium) along with some rice and garlic naan. So first they brought out the indian equivalent of chips and salsa... it was a crispy thing with a green, spicy sauce and a purple sweet and spicy sauce which were both good. Then we got the food. Well, I was not a huge fan of the lamb. I thought it was spicy, but didn't have the flavors I really enjoy in Indian food. It was just kind of spicy and boring. The tikka masala was delicious, however. It was creamy and flavorful, with just a little spice. I would probably order it spicy next time. The naan was good, but nothing super special. When we were done, they brought out a little free dessert which was like a pancake puff ball soaked in syrup.... pretty good stuff. I thought the place was pretty pricy, but that's kind of the way it goes with indian food. Overall, I thought it was a good experience and I would definitely come back.
1	I got food poisoning from the Lamb Vindaloo, the naan was hard and tough and we ordered one mild and two medium dishes and all were pretty hot. The lamb (which I have just about everywhere) was pretty tough too and not that great, so I only ate half. Good thing because the food poisoning may have been worse... Avoid! Service was good though.
3	This was the 1st time trying the Royal Taj. We choose this place because of the overall reviews from Yelp.com. The overall experience started out good. The lady was very helpful in explaining some of the dishes and making suggestions. Throughout our meal, she did come by to check on us. We waited for the bill to come which took a while, and while we were waiting we noticed that this place must be good when actual Indian people go there to eat indian food. Ok, so fast forward to the lady finally coming back, we asked her to split the bill, she replied that she would "be right back". 20 minutes later, we spotted her just chit chatting with what I assumed was her husband. We sent up my brother to check on the bills to which she replied "ok", as if we never had asked and if she had no intention on doing anything about it. 10 minutes later, both the lady and the guy comes out and says ok, come up and let us know what you ordered. So our party had to come up in chunks to tell them what we ordered so they could split the bill. Very unprofessional. My suggestion for this place is to keep the owners out of the dining room and hire some professional waiters and waitresses. So overall it started off good but once we asked to split the bill, it environment turned really sour. Ending our night on a bad note. It's probably good if you just call in your order and take out.
1	I don't know why this place has such rave reviews! One of the worst places I visited recently! Samosa sucks!!! Tikka masala was blend! Lamb Korma and Lamb Boti masala was worst! Biriyani tasted like tomato rice with chicken!! What the HELL!!!
5	Out of all of the local Indian restaurants I have tried, Royal Taj is by far the best! The curries are amazing and the meat (and paneer) is always tasty! While the people who own the restaurant may seem a bit distant, they are just shy and open up when you talk to them! Be sure to come here when you crave good Indian!
5	Oh my GOD. I consider myself an Indian food freak, and this is by FAR, in all my travels, the BEST Chicken Tikka Masala and Garlic Naan that I have EVER had. PERIOD. The basmati was also cooked perfectly. I am super picky, for sure. Ask my dinner companions. I wouldn't shut up about it, and then they tried it and agreed.The service was spot on, even though it was late at night. The server even steered a friend away from a dish that they had, but admitted wasn't exactly fresh, and offered a great alternative.This is going to be my new go-to for Indian food!
5	This is by far the best Indian cuisine in the Valley -and I have been to several trying to find a good once since moving here 5 years ago!  They are hardly busy -so you get right in and sit to eat immediately -great for a work day lunch as it is quick!I have only attended during the lunch buffet which is always phenomenal!  They always have the following on their lunch buffet menu (I frequent often!)Chicken Tikka Masala -my fav. chunks of white meet in butter/tomato sauceTandoori Chicken -chicken grilled in a Kiln with onions -moist and yummyPaneer Masala  -goat cheese cubed in the same great butter/tomato sauceThe fried veggie crips are delish! (can't remember the formal name)Basmati Rice (so tasty you could eat it by itself!)Kheer --best rice pudding ever! (besides moms! :-)Gulab jamun -little donut hole type treat soaking in a light syrup -yum!...and this is a small sampling of what is on the buffet!Service is fabulous and they are very friendly -but beware...if you come in often enough -they treat you like family and will remember your fav. drink and offer to bring you one when they greet you!
5	I have always loved Indian food and having tried in several different countries, dozens of different restaurants, and nearly every meat and vegetarian dish this cuisine can offer, I can wholeheartedly say that this restaurant was beyond my greatest experiences with Indian food outside of India.You have to go into the restaurant expecting a family run restaurant atmosphere. This is by no means a 5 star restaurant, it's a 5 star experience. It's like visiting your grandmother's house for a home cooked meal.The chicken Tikka, masalas, and paneer are all to die for. I asked for my dishes extra spicy and, after a brief "oh no, not Indian spicy" argument from the owner I received my dish just as hot as they would serve it to a native. Delicious!The Garlic Naan and other breads (parantha etc.) are great and all deliciously homemade.This restaurant has been around for a LONG time and if you haven't tried it yet it's a must.
3	Stopped in for lunch today based on the raving reviews of the place.  Can't say I was disappointed necessarily, but I wasn't blown away either.They brought out Naan which was pretty good, and I ordered a "Diet Coke" after asking if they had it (and they said yes) but come to find out it was actually Diet Pepsi... this is a real pet peeve of mine.  They are absolutely not the same and when someone specifically asks if you have Diet Coke, the answer should only be yes if in fact you have it.  Would Diet RC Cola or Diet Shasta have been ok?  Why then is Diet Pepsi ok to substitute? Alright, I'm done with that...Had the lunch buffet which honestly didn't have a whole lot of selections.  The typical fare... sag paneer, dal lentils (?), some delicious potato thing, and my fave, chicken tikka masala.  There was another chicken dish (which I don't remember the name) but I did NOT like the flavor at all... something was just off with it.  I'm hoping it was just some spice that I hadn't had before (although I've had my fair share of Indian cuisine).Anyway, overall not bad, but I wasn't too thrilled to get the bill and see that the lunch buffet is $10 (considering it was kinda limited, and after all, it's LUNCH, how much can one person eat).  I think there should be a blanket rule that lunch buffets do not cost more than 8 bucks max (and $7 would make me happy).  Maybe that's just me.  My fave Indian place in Mesa is $10 for dinner and you get WAY more selection.So, bottom line, the food was good but not spectacular.  If I happen to be in the area and really craving Indian, I won't say no, but I'm not driving out of my way to go here.
2	Naan is decent, saag paneer is awful. I think they may use cheddar cheese in it. The buffet always looks picked over (I have been there on more than one occasion) On  a positive note the gulab jamon is amazing
3	I came back here for lunch the other day with my mom and we both had the lunch buffet. It was ok, but was not as good as other Indian lunch buffets in the area. The buffet only had vegetarian and chicken dishes and none of them were exceptional. The chicken tikka masala (which I liked when I had ordered it at dinner) was bland at lunch. The buffet just didn't have a lot of options and the options that were there were just ok. Additionally, it was kind of expensive. I don't like how dark and dank this restaurant feels either. I say meh to this place....sorry guys!
1	What a horrible experience!  While my Malai Kofta was acceptable, it tasted reheated (read: slightly dried out and over-cooked.)  Also everyone else in my party who ordered the buffet was disappointed.  Six patrons plus me... all very unhappy.  I chose this restaurant on a recent trip to Tempe to reunite with friends, and I chose it because of the high reviews on yelp.  Is everyone crazy??  The food was just ok, though not remarkable.  What was truly terrible was the service and the ambience.  The server was rude and only checked on us once.  The buffet was not refreshed in the two hours we sat there mingling and nibbling.  The soda that my friends ordered was almost out of syrup, so it was a very light brown and had virtually no flavor.  I am so embarassed!  I chose this place, and everyone was unhappy.  Food was also wasted, which I don't feel good about.  Clean the place up, keep the food fresh and put out a friendly vibe!!!  That's what this place needs to stay in business.  I would NEVER come here again.  What a disappointment!
4	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =It took me almost 3 years to circle back around to this Buffet, but I liked it even more this time, in part because they have held the price the same.  (It used to seem a little high; now it doesn't.)     :-)This Lunch Buffet featured 18 food items, not counting sauces & dressings, & here were some of the highlights for me today:*  Friendly Hostess/Server "Lulu"!  (Co-owner "Raj" was nice too.)*  Great atmosphere provided by a combination of very comfortable booth seating & tasteful decor in a dining room of the right temperature, lighting, acoustics & layout.*  Better than average salad selection for an Indian Buffet.These food items were particularly good:*  The seasoned Naan Bread, served hot at the table!*  The Chicken Tikki Masala!*  The Chicken Vindaloo!*  The Chana Masala (chick peas dish)!The Tandoori Chicken leg I had was undercooked & rubbery, & I mentioned it to Raj.  Everything else was good though, & I really enjoyed having lunch here at this mostly "just right" restaurant.     :-))Lunch Buffet including tasty, Indian Style hot tea:  $9.99
5	I work right around the corner and have driven by Royal Taj a zillion time, but never went in for lunch the other day and WOW it was good.  For a lunch buffet...excellent and I am not a buffet person!!!  And!  The staff is simply wonderful...If you guys read this, thank you again for your incredible food and kindness.
2	We went for lunch buffet, the food was just ok. Not many people were there and the ambiance too was not good. Being an Indian, definitely  I have tasted better food, the options for vegetarians were less and even did not taste so well.
1	I was a little disappointed, the place is very old and the service was not great came in for dinner, way over priced for the portions and rice and naan not included! My suggestion is you read all reviews before going.
4	My husband and I go here at least once a week. The people who work there are very nice and remember our orders.  The food has been hit or miss in the past, but lately it has been quite yummy. It is fairly priced and they generally have it out to you shortly.We are vegetarians so there are plenty of great options for us. My husband gets the muttar paneer and sweet naan and I get the garlic naan and the dahl. They are both quite delicious and even better when mixed together!  I like the music generally, sounds like traditional Indian music. The ambiance is ok, the place is clean and there is hardly anyone in there.
1	A shady place. I went on a Saturday night and the place was empty. The food was horrible. I will not be going again nor do I recommend others to try... The dhaba down the street is much better.
4	This place is really good so long as you avoid the lunch buffet. I have visited pretty much every indian food place in Tempe and Chandler and this is one of my favorites. The staff is always very friendly and we have developed a repoire. Their Lamb Korma is absolutely delicious and their Naan always comes out piping hot and fresh. I would say avoid the buffet simply because I don't like to eat anything that has been stewing in its own juices for over an hour. Also the portions are so large when you order an entree that you will have just as large of a meal as if you had visited the buffet, but when you order an entree at least you can take home your left overs.
5	Royal Taj is the best Indian food there is. I didn't like Indian food until I came here with my wife a few years ago. This is one of our favorite restaurants of all time. We have tried Indian food all over town and in a few other cities and they all fall short when compared to Royal Taj. Royal Taj has the best basmati rice. Their garlic naan is always fresh and looked forward to. Every dish is amazing. Their Marsala and their korma are what we order the most. The sauces and gravies are rich and flavorful. The paneer tiki is a wonderful dish, as is the saag paneer as they both have amazing paneer cheese with a wonderful flavor and perfect texture. They have a full bar and great Indian beers as well as other import beers. This is real Indian food made by a nice Indian family. They even adjust the spiciness of each dish to your order.  We always stick with the medium spice.  If you go to the lunch buffet everything will be of a mild spice, but you can always order an entree for lunch instead of the buffet if you want it spicier.  My wife is a vegetarian and I'm a big meat eater and we both have allot to choose from here.  Long story short, if you like Indian food, Royal Taj is for you.  If you don't like Indian food, Royal Taj is also for you because any other Indian food you have had probably paled in comparison to Royal Taj.  Royal Taj will make you a fan of Indian food.
4	Ate here the last two Sundays with family and friends. Great Indian food and nice, quiet place to converse with your dinner guests. My 81 year old aunt has trouble hearing in loud restaurants and loved how quiet it was. Then again, on both trips to Royal Taj we were the only diners! They have a full bar but  they don't know how to make many drinks. This is actually a plus because they will let you hop behind the bar and mix your own drinks! Stiff Bombay Sapphire Martinis for my family!
4	First time here and Id like to say Im very picky when it comes to Indian and Thai food. First I ordered the chicken curry. It had huge pieces of tender chicken and the sauce was thick and absolutely flavorful. Not to spicy. Also ordered the chicken korma. It was excellent. Creamy flavorful sauce with huge chunks of chicken. I also ordered a side of jasmine rice that had a nice aromatic flavor and it was moist and fluffy. Perfect to help soak up the sauce! They don't deliver but its worth the pick up! Every day they have a buffet for 9.95. Its really great if your not sure what to order. You can try a little of each. The dishes were hot, fresh, and contained all the traditional Indian seasonings. This place is a must try! I definitely will be back!
4	Royal Taj is nostalgic for me. It was the first Indian place I went to in the Valley, so they get my return business. A few older people work the kitchen here, and have for a decent number of years, continuing to turn out some really great, homey, Indian Food. As said before: Get the Garlic Naan. While I suppose taste is subjective, I will recommend the Korma and the Muttar PaneerNow, the minus 1 star: ...the decor is a little outdated. But that's so minor compared to the fact that I enjoy their food. It's also really dark inside, which I love. It adds to the overall experience.
4	I should have written this when I lived in Tempe for 2 years, at walking distance to this place. We used to go there when we craved Indian (being Indian, that is not often but oily spicy restauranty stuff is always tempting). The place seemed to be run by a really nice older couple.The menu is very typical of Indian restaurants, but the food is more homey than the very poor food we've had at other places. Indian restaurants in this budget bracket rarely hand out freebies, but we were amazed when every time we were given papad to start off with and a small bowl of gulab jamun at the end on the house.Have never tried buffet (we avoid Indian buffets like the plague) - always only dinner.  It's not in a very attractive lot, and the decor inside also is a bit cobwebby, but it's never been crowded.
2	Service was a little slow, especially since we were one of only two couples in there. The place was nice looking though. The food was bland for my taste, I didn't even bother boxing up my left overs and that's rare for me. I wasn't impressed, I don't think I'll be returning here since I know other places I can find tastier curry for less (curry is my favorite).
4	My co-workers and I hit this place quite a bit for lunch.  They have a buffet going and I always hate myself for getting that second helping of Kheer, but it's all so tastey.
4	Delicious Punjabi style paneer curries and Malai kofta. I especially recommend the Shahi Paneer with garlic naan. The ambiance is very good too. I've ordered to go several times and on every occasion I've received yummy complimentary gulab jamun!Overall, a great value for money.The only reason I didn't give a 5 star rating is because the buffet lunch does not have a wide selection.
4	I was with colleagues from work when we decided on this place, when we arrived on a Wednesday night, it looks like we were the only customers.  I must say the chai masala was really good.  We ordered three dishes, surprised that the serving was a bit on the small side.  I really like the veggie samosa, it was fairly large with a nice flaky crust.  The service was a bit slow, but it was a good experience and will visit again whenever I'm in Tempe.
3	Over rated on Yelp. Mediocre at best. Naan served hot but dry.  I love the aromatic spices used in Indian food but here the hot spices prevail making all the dishes taste the same. Mushroom mattar and vindoo chicken were good. Chicken masala sauce too thin. Saag Paneer below average. Overall there's much better in the valley. Unfortunately the best one closed last year.
3	I really really like Indian food so this hard for me to write.  I was there today and the buffet was "broken" but the lady that sat us told us they had the food ready in the back.  The place was almost empty and I got the feeling she just wanted to get us to eat there at all cost.  She was able to bring us most of what we asked for and it was good.  It was when we asked for things that were normally on the buffet that she said were not ready and she could not or, should I say, would not come out.  We really started noticing everything after that.  There was a band aide wrapper on our table, my buddy got a glass with an old hard piece of rice stuck to the side and our overall experience was, well not pleasant.  The food they did bring out was good and I got to scratch the massive Indian itch that I get all to often.
4	Walked in to an empty restaurant with one man standing behind the bar. My girlfriend seemed frightened by the emptiness and wanted to leave immediately. I looked at the menu and basically took a huge risk by deciding to sit down. The man who served us may have very well been the owner. Very sweet man. Alright down the food. Very well priced. Great portions. Typical Indian style dishes though. When I eat Indian, I really don't ever expect to be wowed and I certainly was not today however the food was hot, fresh, and tasted well according to my standards for Indian food. Indian food can only taste so good and the food here is pretty good. No mistakes in any of the dishes. Ordered some Naan (fresh tandoori naan bread) with two appetizers those being the pankora chicken and vegetable samosa. Entree was a curry shrimp. Like I said, Indian food is always the same and just really isn't that great. But this place cooked the food well, everything was hot, fresh, and tasty as it could get. Last but not least all of that and two drinks were around 40$ which is practically like a free lunch. Anyways, give it a try.
5	I had to bump this up to a 5 star rating after trying the delicious Shahi Paneer!
3	Like most of the reviews have already stated... no one else was in the restaurant. I don't understand how they stay in business, and I assumed the restaurant portion of the building was merely a front. I did not enjoy the atmosphere of this place, at all. A nice woman took our order, then went to the kitchen to make it, I assume. The food was decent, actually pretty tasty. I ordered the vegetable platter, it was about 15 dollars which was twice as much as what my friend got, for half as much food. I didn't care, I thought it was pretty delicious. I don't think I will go back because I'm fairly sure I can find a decent indian food place with a slightly better vibe.
2	My boyfriend said that this is his favorite Indian food buffet in the Phoenix, and so we've tried to eat there again. Three times. And every time we've gone there's been no buffet, but were offered the higher price main menu. I don't think we'll try again.
4	Starting out with the obligatory sentence about being the only people there until the end of our meal. My boyfriend and I weren't sure we should stay. Thankfully, we did. This place deserves an increase in patrons. Does the location just make it hard to find? They could probably benefit from a sign on the street, not just the building.I feel like we kept it decently simple with malling kawny (chicken lentil soup), half order of tandoori chicken, lamb curry, garlic naan, mango lassi, and Indian tea. Everything was as good as we hoped it would be. The lassi was better than others I've had. I'm really really glad I tried the tea on a whim.The manager, Raj Rani served us. She split the soup for us since we mentioned we'd just share it. At the end of our meal she brought us two doughnut hole sized and shaped cakes soaked in honey.
3	I came in here to experience a Buffett with options and to have a quick bite.. No Buffett and she argued with me about sitting at the bar.. The place is empty! Who cares where I sit!But the Vegetable platter was very good.. Just the right amount of spice
4	I just wanted to add to others' reviews. Middle Eastern and "south Asian" (Indian) peoples normally eat late dinners, so if you notice that there are no people there, it will likely pick up at 8-10 at night and get really busy.
4	Just stopped by here for dinner the other day and figured I'd write a review.  I've been here twice and have had a good experience both times.  Their food is very tasty.  When I went for lunch I thought their selection wasn't as big as other places, but everything was well prepared.  Out of both, I prefered dinner even though we were the only people in the place.  The food came out pretty quick and was super fresh.  The meat samosa, garlic naan, chicken biriyani, chicken curry, and tikki masala were all great.  I think even though everyone seems to love the tikki masala I liked the curry better.  ALSO to note, it was very spicy, more than when prepared for the buffet I think, which I thought was great.
5	The best chicken tikka masala in the valley! We often get carry out but the lunch buffet during the week is a fantastic option to try new dishes. I agree with the others, there often isn't many others there, but it isn't because the food is poor. Try it, you won't be sorry!
1	As I read through some of the previous comments, I notice a similar story coming up...the food is great, the service and atmosphere are horrible.  I too have been a patron of Royal Taj for over 10 years and have watched the owners become more bitter and rude with each year passing.  Even the food has slightly changed throughout the years.  The Chicken Tikka Masala used to be their signature dish...now it looks and tastes like precooked and reheated food.  What really changed things for me was placing an order on the phone, and when I picked it up, the manager Raj Rani gave me the food, charged me full price, and acted rude (as usual).  I checked the bag and noticed one of the items I ordered wasn't in the bag?  I asked if I could get the extra item I had ordered and she smiled at me and said, "We don't have that today."  Why wouldn't anyone have said that when I ordered it?  Why wouldn't the manager offer something else if they were out of an item? Why would you sell something to someone on the phone, charge them for it, and then act like it's no big deal when you don't give it to them?  I'll tell you why...cause they don't care.  Neither do I anymore.  Apparently they don't need the patrons money anymore.  I won't visit their dark and grim establishment ever again.
4	= = = = = =  RENAMED!  = = = = = =Royal Taj here hasn't moved, but was forced to rename over a Liquor License issue.  The same owner remains, the new name is Nandini Indian Cuisine, and he has lowered the Weekday Lunch Buffet price, earning them a boost to 5 Stars!  See my new Review for this excellent restaurant at the Nandini Yelp page.     :-))(This restaurant is unrelated to Royal Taj in Chandler.)
5	Royal Taj has changed hands and changed its name to Nandini.  The food offered at the buffet was excellent.  Savory sauces and more dessert options than before.  Plus new paint and remodeling.  Give it a try!
5	Love this place, my boyfriend and I come here often because we just crave that chicken tikka masala they are famous for. The server is old and sweet, always quick to laugh and smile. Good for authentic food and a traditional atmosphere. Don't come here looking for fast food but for flavorful food and an experience.
