4	Flat Iron Steak was prepared very well, delivered Medium Rare exactly. Exemplary service and friendly staff.  My iced tea glass was refilled regularly. Nothing to complain about here. Good chain restaurant with predictably good quality and predictably good service.
4	Previous experiences with TGI Fridays were so blah that I have not come back in five years. My friends and I nicknamed TGIF as "That Glop is Food?". And then I remembered this place has karaoke.  I didn't want to hear some drunk dude screaming "Do Ya Think I'm Sexy?".  Well, not when I didn't have an ear infection or wasn't drunk. But my nephew decided, "TGI Fridays!" as we pondered the restaurant choices at Aliante Casino. And no karaoke that night! We got seated right away. This new beautiful casino has several new restaurants. This TGIF is one of the best looking in their chain.  It's got some dark woods and bright colors inside. It was super clean with less than half the tables filled. The bar is a very classy looking place, and the bartenders were energetic as they heard tales from gamblers who just lost their shirts. We gave our drink orders and our waitress came back quickly with our drinks and took our food order.I chose the Mac and Cheese with grilled chicken breast. My nephew had the full rack of ribs. My brother had the pork chop with mashed potatoes. Our food came out in about 20 minutes. My dish was excellent. Al dente pasta was tossed with light creamy white cheeses, and topped with grated cheese.  There was a smallish grilled chicken breast. It was a winner and a great deal for $6.00. It was easily the best value on the menu. The pork chop ($13) was nicely  grilled with a creamy side of mashed potatoes.  It was small portion-wise that I wished had two pork chops even at a slightly higher price. My nephew's full rack of ribs ($16) came with crispy fries, not  greasy at all.   The cole slaw taste-wise was flat as a a bad karaoke singer's pitch. But overall, each one of us gave this place a thumbs up.Since we have a lively time whenever we're together, the waitress was around to check on us, but not intrusive. She was prompt with refills. clearing off plates, bringing the check and running it through the machine.  We had a very nice time.  This time I could honestly say "TGIF -Thank God It was Fine".
3	The food was ok. It didn't leave me wanting more, but it wasn't bad enough not to eat. The restaurant is clean, the wait staff is nice. What more can I say? It was the only non-fast-food-place open in the casino before 4pm.
4	My mother lives near the Aliante Station, and inside, is TGI Friday's.  On this particular day, they have a steak and lobster tail special (from 3:00 to 6:00 p.m.) for $13.99.  After 6:00 p.m., it goes up to $18.99.  We were a couple minutes late, and the manager, Chris, comped us the early rate.  Super props go out to Chris!  We used that extra money for the specialty drinks...yummy, and $5. I believe the steak was a sirloin, cut thick, and cooked to order.  We both ordered it medium-rare, and the chef got it right.  It was juicy and nicely seasoned.  My mom loved the lobster tail, which was a hearty portion, not the micro-tails that some casino's offer (I'm thinking Tony Roma's in the Fremont).  The meal was an excellent value, as it came with a "loaded baked potato" and fresh veggies.  The service was great.  This is more like a 4.5 star rating.
3	This TGI Fridays is near our house and we visit every month or so.  Food is always good and the drinks are also great.  Their service, unfortunately, seems to be hit or miss.  One time we might get a friendly, dynamic server and the next time get someone that takes over 30 minutes to take your drink/food order.  Too bad.
4	SIT AT THE BAR!! Fair mixture on drinks (not watered or soda'd down) and good music (at the bar). Of course the food is tastey.
5	This is probably my favorite TGI Friday's in Las Vegas. Come to think of it, probably the only one I ever been too in Vegas. A good time to go to TGI Friday's, is probably after busy hours, in between 1pm - 3pm. That's when its probably quiet, and that you have the waiter's full attention. I think, this is the time, where they show their best qualities at TGI Friday's. Coming during the usual busy hours, of course you won't have their full attention, and you'll have cooks speeding up food orders. If your food is undercooked or not to your liking, then your struggling to wave down the waiter, who's probably running around, like a chicken with his head cut off. But when you go there during the not so busy hours, I find that TGI Friday's tend to be more pleasing. We went there around 1:30pm, and right away, we were greeted and sat in the bar area. Just a few seconds later, we was greeted again, to take our drink order. Of course it being slow hour, the one who greeted us when we came in, was also our waiter, so that's why it didn't really take long to wait for a waiter. I was really impress with the politeness and quickness of the waiter, bringing our drinks and entertaining us. After a good amount of time to look through the menu. We started off with our usual Nachos, which were really good, and I ate most of it. The wife ordered her Sirloin and I had my New York steak and Shrimp. I also had an Ultimate Mudslide, which is better then Applebees, where you can't really taste the alcohol at Applebees, but you can at TGI Friday's. We got our order and, I really like the way they did the meat, and my sides. It was cooked to perfection. My wife's Sirloin, was undercooked. But with the immediate response from the waiter. She was able to explain her situation and the waiter was polite to return her Sirloin to the kitchen. Just a matter of minutes, that the waiter returned with a better cooked Sirloin. Everything to me, taste great, that I ate everything on my plate. Unfortunately I was to full for dessert, but my wife loved the cheesecake I had last time, so she ordered one for herself. Sure enough, she liked it and the presentation of the dessert was really nice. I was really satisfied with the place, with the staff and the food. I would really recommend this place, during the slow hours (Usually after lunch time, and before dinner time). Its where you get better quality service from the staff and the cooks.
2	I gave TGI Friday's a good review back when it was a great value.  Well, things have changed.My mother is a seasoned citizen.  She collects her coupons from Smith's grocery store, and loves to use them.  One of the coupons is a two-fer-one at TGI Fridays.  Her youngest son was going out of state for about six months, and she wanted us to send him off, with full belly off a comped meal.  Oh my, she was in for a surprise.In the past, if four adults had two coupons, two could eat free.  The coupons were laid out on the table, and the waiter (very polite...we can't kill the messenger) advised only one coupon per table.  When confronted with value versus togetherness, value won, and we sat at different tables.  Seems a little silly, huh?  It didn't stop there.  This TGI Fridays advertises steak and lobster for $13.99 if you are there before 6:00 p.m.  When me and the hungry wife both ordered that meal, the waiter swooped in with more bad news, since we were using the coupon, we would be charged the regular price for the steak and lobster!  So, now it's $18.99 for two steak and lobster dinners.  Well, we'd get some of that back, because we had the kid with us, and kids eat free on Tuesday night.  Well, not exactly.  The waiter offered the final apology, stating that the customer must chose one promotion.  If the kid eats free, then the steak and lobster dinners will be charged. This was quite upsetting to my mother.  She loved to land upon this restaurant and abuse the freebies.  Okay, on to the food.  The steak was tiny, but it was cooked right.  It had  garlic butter on the top.  A nice, tasty addition.  The lobster tail was also tiny, but tasty.  They didn't gyp on on the baked potato, it was big.  There was some steamed broccoli, most of which was neglected.  Maybe they should promo "all you can eat steamed broccoli"?  The broccoli was fine.  The wife had a margarita.  It was still happy hour, and the waiter had no bad new for us on the discount for that, $5, and a good value.  I'd say that we got what we paid for.  This meal at full price is not worth the money.  For those of you who frown upon coupons...you better bring them, and try to use them, if you are going to try to get value at this place.
3	It's a sad day when one of your favorite places looses it's sparkle.  Mark D. is my husband and to him this chain can do no wrong.  To me, I'm a little bit harder to please.  (Yep, I'm a food grump.)  I guess I just expect to get what I order and how I want it.  I know picky picky picky.  The last three times I've gone here my order has been wrong and while I try to be passive-aggressive about it, the next time I just might get angry.  Fridays does offer some amazing deals if you are part of their stripes program or if you sign up for text message deals.  So far we have not had a problem redeeming them.  I love the happy hour deals they offer and I wish they would let the entire dinning area share those deals instead of just the bar.  The bar was packed when we went in today and would have just sat there if a clean table was available.  The food is okay, it's probably the reason we keep coming back.  I love the nachos and if you can get them half price at happy hour they are the best value on the menu.  I'm not a big drinker but I have ordered a drink called "strawberry shortcake" it was basically a strawberry milkshake with a shot of booze in it and it got me buzzing pretty good.  The cheesecake is also quite good.  I will be back I'm sure of it, but if my order gets messed up again some poor server will feel my rage.  (J/K, I am really not that mean.)
4	TGIF has always been a fun establishment for me growing up.  I use ot go there all the time with my friends and dive into their famous potato skins.  However, as time went on, I stopped going and haven't been back there for about 3 years... until I moved to Las Vegas.Aliante station has a great TGIFs.  Their wait staff is on top of it and even gave me the "two minute" rule, whereby they return and check to see if your food is ok within two minutes after serving you.  I have been there 3 times with my wife and both times we loved it.FOR VALENTINES DAY -- I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!Vday for sure is great -- we went last year and you get two free desserts (red velvet cake) and they had a great deal for couples -- 2 surf and turf (steak/lobster tails) for $8.99 ea.  The steaks were 8oz NY strip and the lobster tail was 4oz.  Not huge on the lobster side, but the meal was plenty enough food for most people -- and at $8.99, it was a steal.Being that I don't drink -- the bar is not in this review.  However, I can say that during a sporting event, it's often packed.  Lots of excitement going on, so I am sure bar flys will love the atmosphere.Over all, the place is very clean, nice wait staff and the food is very good.  Not just good, but it was very good.  Steaks cooked perfectly.  I am glad it's nearby, as it's nice to drop on by and have a decent meal.  The prices are a bit higher than normal -- but for the amount of food you get, it's worth it I think.  :-)
5	My husband and I used to go here often when we lived closer to Aliante, but since our new house, we've only been here a few times but the food is still great! Never fails me. I love their chicken. I've tried the lobster... it wasnt that great, so I'll stick with chicken! :)
3	My brother and I ate here because the buffet was closed (at 9 PM on Saturday). I thought that the food and atmosphere was good. Our waitress was friendly, and discouraged us from rushing.
1	Up until about two months ago I was a big fan of Friday's, especially this location. I went there a couple of months ago and waited at the front. And waited. And waited. There were about ten people waiting to be seated, and we had stood there for nearly 15 minutes. One person wiping tables looked up and saw us all standing there, and went back to wiping tables. We left and went to the hotel buffet.About a month later we went back. No problem getting seated this time. The problem was getting waited on. We sat at the table for nearly 15 minutes and no one approached us. Finally, as we were about to walk out the door, the waitress came by and handed us menus. She said she would be "right back" with our drinks. Another 15 minutes passed (the place wasn't terribly busy). By this time I was fuming - and I'm usually pretty calm and tolerant about these things. Finally - 45 minutes after we were seated - we got to place our order. When the food arrived it was overcooked and dry.Add bad service to the significant price increases throughout the Friday's chain ($16.95 for a dish with two pieces of chicken? Really?), and my love affair with Friday's is officially over. When I complained to the company they sent me two $8 dining certificates (which together wouldn't pay for a Jack Daniel's chicken platter). If anyone wants them...
3	I have been to tgi only twice so far. The first time I ordered the filled potato skin appetizer. The portion was big and It could have been great if it had a sauce or something but it was just way too dry. And the second time I ordered their Caribbean chicken sandwich with "Caribbean" sauce. The sauce was so disgusting I had to send the entire sandwich back. I couldn't even believe they seriously considered that sauce. So the sandwich was grilled chicken breast (very good) with tomatoes, avocados (still sounds good, right?) and then this sauce, which tasted like Christmas and pumpkin pie!??? It definitely had cinnamon and cloves in it... on a chicken avocado sandwich??? Like seriously? That is not Caribbean! Please if you are a staff from TGI Fridays and you are reading this, please take that sauce off of your menu, it is NOT good and my husband and mother in law who tried it, 100% agreed with me. Well, I sent back my food and ordered the turkey burger. It tasted not bad but I couldn't really enjoy it because everybody else was done eating and I felt stressed out. Positive was definitely the service though. Always friendly and professional. And they didn't charge me for the first order.
4	Great service, good drinks and food. Open very late which is awesome!
1	I hate to have to rip into the place, but no matter how much slack I cut them, it still remained one of the worst experiences of recent memory. Our group got there around opening, were promptly seated and given the relatively small menus of overpriced grill fare. The first bad sign arrived with the drinks; 75% of which came in visibly dirty glasses and mugs. Not one to complain, I picked up the spotty spoon that came with my coffee and gave it a stir. What I was met with is the most bitter, nasty, tasteless cup of awful ever presented to me as coffee. As I wasn't the only one drinking it, the others at my table quickly agreed that something about it was profoundly foul. Maybe the second cup would be better.No.That's when I noticed the wait. As the second table seated that day, the cooking seamed to be at a full-on drag. Considering our meals consisted of small steaks and salmon, I knew from experience that it shouldn't have taken an hour to prepare. Giving up on the drinks, we waited out the food, which we did eventually get. A quick assessment of my plate did little to assure me of walking out of here satisfied. My steak was minuscule, which I somewhat expected, and was overcooked. The black grill marks and Jack Daniels sauce helped give it some flavor, but prime fatty beef this wasn't. Accompanying my wee one was some average potatoes and peculiar broccoli.Now I'm not sure why you'd serve someone a mixture of fresh and very old vegetables. Maybe they were emptying an old bag and topping it off by opening a new one. The color difference was fascinating. Lush, green bits made up 25%, while the rest was an ugly funky old brown. I wouldn't eat something like that if I found it in the back of my fridge, and I didn't eat it here either. Gathering opinion from the others in my group, the fish wasn't very good, but the ribs and pasta were "okay". Upon walking out, it was teetering on a two-star experience, but the resulting ick I felt for the rest of the day combined with the monster headache I attribute to the coffee pushed a lasting bad impression on me. I can still taste that horrible stuff.
1	OMG, i always try to find the best in a restaurant. but i COULDN'T here. We came in on a monday afternoon around 3pm. It was virtually empty, so i thought we'd get some great service, not... Our waitress always seemed rushed, walking back and forth all over the place.i ordered the steak & lobster (lobster was kinda tough, but hey, it's Friday's right?) and my friend also got the steak, and his girlfriend got the buffalo chicken sandwich, and we all ordered strawberry lemonades. the lemonades came out in dirty cups, and my lemonade tasted like soap or idk, so i asked for water.our food took quite a while to come, but at the time we were in no rush. when we got our food we had asked for some steak sauce and sour cream for my baked potato (tried the steak, wasn't that great on it's own, made me sad) let's just say that my friend had already eaten his steak, and the waitress came and asked if everything was okay. umm, NO where the heck is my steak sauce.she profusely apologized, and yet still took forever to get something as simple as steak sauce. (i probably wouldn't have been as pissy if i wasn't hungry, and all the preceding hadn't happend, but whatever). they waitress apologizes once again so she comps us a brownie.so while we are eating the brownie my friend's girlfriend starts to feel very very ill, and now we're in a rush to go so we ask the waitress for a check. it seriously took like 10 minutes for our waitress to give us our check AND we had already asked for a split one, and she gave us one receipt. WTF. so now we wait for that, and we finally left.will i give it another shot? hell no.
3	this is a fun place to have dinner with your loved one or with friends. Food is good, and service is always friendly. I dont crave it very often though, its not very different from an applebees or chilis per say, but its a nice place.
1	I have to say the night we went here was one of the worst nights ever! the service was slow the server should have written down our order because she messed it up and my friend i was with had to send her order back 3 times b4 the mgr came out and still didnt get the burger right... we ended up sittitng there for 3 hours and they didnt offer to take the bill then said ok we will give you free dessert... but when the bill came the dessert was on there... again had to talk to the mgr and he said "sorry" once again took off the dessert but still had issues with the bill... you would think at this time they would just comp the whole meal after all the run around we had to go through, but nope they didnt.  I was disapointed at this experience and will be along time before i go back,
3	Had an amazing time and dinner! Ordered the steak and lobster with a baked potato and sweet potato fries and I was close to heaven. Customer Service from our waitress was beyond superior and our food was properly made and came out pretty quick. The only downside I would say is that the waitress did take a long time to check back on our table. We forgot to ask for steak sauce but was pretty much done with our meals before she came back to ask if we needed anything. Overall, great environment and food.
1	Terrible, unfriendly service.  Very dead atmosphere.  They clearly don't care about the food.  We live 5 minutes from here and will NEVER go back.  Save your money!
1	Service was good. I ordered the jack Daniels burger, which I had before. My wife ordered the basaltmic chicken salad, and my four year old daughter ordered the Mac n cheese. We had the shirmp cocktail as an appetizer. The shirmp cocktail was not good as the shrimps were kinda soggy. My burger was much smaller than my previous visits, flavor was good. When the plate came, I mostly saw empty plate. I mean if they are going to make the burgers smaller, at least fill the rest of the plate with French fries.mi think maybe there were fifteen total fries, maybe a half a potatoe worth.  My daughters Mac n cheese was much smaller than before. About a half of a cup of Mac n cheese. My wife's salad was lettuce and a half breast worth of chicken. After 70 dollars later, we left hungry. First time I didn't take to go boxes home. Don't go to TGIF if your hungry. I understand portion sizes are always too big, but cut the price down, and when I go out to eat I like to feel full.
4	This is my favorite TGIF location. The main reason is the service. Michelle H. Is my bartender for life. She is so nice and pleasant to be around with, The appetizers are great and the rest of the staff is super friendly. I personally like the onion rings, they are cooked perfectly all the time. Fridays !!!!! I love this location.
4	My husband, daughter and I enjoy the TGIF'sat Aliante Station. From the lady who seat you to the wait staff, everyone is always on their game. Very friendly. They do not hover over you, but are always readily available. They work based on teamwork and help each other out.If you are looking for a quiet atmosphere, then do not go to TGIF's, it is always loud. To me this is family atmosphere.On Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays, there is a lady named Janet who does amazing balloon art for whoever wants one from children to adults. She does not ask for a tip, but we always give her one. She is quite talented in balloon art. This is a nice benefit especially when you have children in your party. Its keeps them quiet and entertained. This is a nice bonus!The food is typically always yummy and if you ask the staff they will tell you what is good and just so-so. I had the Caribbean Chicken sandwich the other night and it was yummy. I love the cilantro that was in the burger and the sauce was sweet with some spices. The cilantro Margarita was also yummy, sounded odd, but refreshing. Sweet potato fried were good too. I'm also game to try something new.My husband had the fish and chips most every time we come, he loves it and the clam chowder. My daughter also does not stray in her choice of food and always has pizza.The desserts always look so good, but the main meal is always filling, we have no room for dessert.TGIF'sat Aliante Station is our new favorite place to eat and when my husband and I have a date night, we will stay to play the slots or blackjack.
2	What do you expect it is TGI Friday's.  Only thing open late night at Aliante.
4	My husband and I come often usually for a late dinner after I get off of work.We have had quite a few different servers and all gave great customer service.Busy or Slow, the staff here including the host/hostess are very friendly!I only had one bad experience with the friendliness of one of the staff members, but it was so minute I cant even remember what she looked like.we will definately continue being customers!
3	I came on Sunday and it was great. Although there weren't many people there then, they place seemed lively. The server was really nice. I got a chicken salad and it was very filling. I would order it again!
1	I have only been here twice and that is really two times too many. How else can I put this: this chain sucks. Every Friday's on earth is probably the same, uninspired, crap food. And how exactly is a chain supposed to offer inspired food? I don't know. Not the business I am in. But I can tell you this: this entire corporation probably has one inspired person involved with it and it is the guy is CEO, solely on the basis of his annual compensation. He probably won't be caught dead eating here because he knows it sucks. The first time I ate here was during the Super Bowl when the Saints were playing someone else. I don't follow other people's sports so I don't care; my friends were paying and we were there because we were seeing Avatar afterwards in the faux-IMAX screen that Regal has. The food was alright. All food is better when it is free (this is actually scientifically supported). So I go again with the girlfriend a year or so later. This time I am paying so I realise more clearly how shit this chain is. Cannot remember what I ordered but it probably some kind of package deal 2/20$, or some shit, because I am usually a cheapass. It was a mistake. The food sucked and was not remotely good either for me, in the physical sense with the amount of inordinate sodium that is added to try to make the food close to palatable/tasty, or in the emotional/spiritual sense in that it was not pleasing to have my insides filled with that meal. The picture we saw afterwards at Regal was probably shitty as well. In regards to the earlier visit during the 'BIG game', there was obviously hardly anyone there, and still the fucking service was slow as shit. The service was slow on the following visit as well. Slow service that culminates in shitty food being brought to you. I was rating it two stars but after remembering how bad it actually was, I am taking her down to what she deserves: ONE. Respect yourself and don't eat here. - E
5	Great food and service!  They ran out of shrimp so they gave the whole table free desserts!  We are coming back tomorrow for sure!
1	This UnAttentive Server  Melody inside TGIFAt the location inside of the Aliante Station is a freaking Joke .. This Hoe took my order never came back to check on me ..Only to ask if I needed a Freaking Box !! Do I need a Box ?? This hoe will not be getting a Tip from me ..  she really needs to be Bishhh SmakedLocation 7300 Aliante Parkway 89084 1/13/2013 check # 50016
4	Ate there last night (late night) and tried their burger and garlic steak fries. It hit the right spot. Service was good and prompt. I would come back here again.
3	The service at this location is hit or miss.  The restaurant is clean,  but sometimes the dishes and silverware are not.  The food is satisfactory for a TGIFridays.
5	Jeff is the best!  He went above and beyond to help my friend and I find the perfect drinks and meal.  We ordered the three tasting plates he recommended we loved all of them. He also got us to try those amazing pear mojitos, if you haven't tried them, do it. Ask for Jeff if you go, he will take amazing care of you.
5	I was here the other night with some friends. Not the Fridays I normally go too a little out of my way. Anyway, the service was great sat in the bar area the servers was friendly and the bartender kept us entertained as well. They have a new bacon Mac n cheese balls. Taste amazing. They have a new try 3 or try 4 appitazier for about 15 bucks deffently worth it. The the crispy sushi one was eh wouldn't get it again but the other 3 I had was good would go back for it again. If you go sit in the bar area you will enjoy the evening we did.
1	We go here often and usually it is great!  Today so bad - never again.  We waited on ourselves!!! We got our own silverware...had to ask for service & were forgetten.  We told the manager who did not seem to care.  We got our bill after going & asking for it.  When our change was brought it was someone else's check.  If you want awful service - this is the place to go!
3	I've been to this location a few times.  I would say this is in line with every other Fridays I've been to.  Their happy hour specials are great.  The food tastes like you'd expect from an American chain restaurant.  The service is okay.  If you are at Aliante or in the area and looking for this type of food it will suffice.
3	This Friday's is inside Aliante Casino, so sometimes it can get a little smokey in the waiting area.  As far as chain restaurants go, this one is  pretty normal for a TGI Friday's.  The service is a little slow (consistently) but usually pretty friendly.  Nothing really stands out as excellent or horrible.  They do offer a military discount though.
3	Came here last night and sat in the bar area with a groups of girlfriends.  I understand it was a Friday night and busy but the wait to get my order for a drink and appetizer was ridiculous.  2 of my friends arrived earlier a little earlier in the evening and 3 of us arrived 15mins  before  "happy hour"  end.  Our waitress didn't even come by until happy hour ended (15-20mins after we sat down).  So we were a little disappointed we arrived in time and didn't get any of the benefits.  It took another 15 mins to get our drinks and appetizers.  Our waitress didn't come to check on us so needless to say we didn't get the chance to order another round of drinks before we left to go somewhere else.  Pros: drinks and food good.  Cons: service too slow!
4	Ok so I was very skeptical about eating here as the reviews seem to convey that your experience here will either be a hit or miss. I have to say that our experience here was not without incident (one female server wore waaaay too much perfume that aggrevated my sinuses and I had to switch seats just to keep a distance from her), but after we were established it only got better! So yes the wait staff did take a while to get to us, HOWEVER, the server did acknowledge us in the beginning and said he was going to be awhile and would be with us a soon as he could, which he did :) I was impressed and surprised at how fast our food came given the amount of people that were there. Then came the drinks - my brother ordered a beer but unfortunately, they only carry it in limited supply. SO our bartender personally went out of his way to run and dig through the supply in the back until he successfully came back with a six pack of the beer my brother ordered (Score!). Then came our drinks, which we had ordered basic margaritas, unfortunately, he got it in his head to make a fancy margarita, which he put a lot of effort into making as we were watching him. We didnt have the heart to turn it away so we graciously accepted it without complaint. Later when it came time to pay, while the bartender was finalizing our bill, he realized his mistake on the drink (without us having to say anything) and comped us the drink since it was his mistake! I was wow'd at this point. I was not expecting this level of service here based on other reviews. Due to this experience I felt the need to leave a review of our time with Shea. So lesson learned? Park it at the bar on the days Shea is there and you will be in good hands!
3	Go for happy hour and sit in the bar. Really strong drinks for a great deal. Hubby ordered the Wednesday special rack of baby back ribs. Well worth it. I had the salmon (dry and full of spicy pepper). The wait staff likes to congregate and chit chat in the corner. (Big hint for management).
5	My wife and I have gone here three times recently (summer 2013). Each time the food has been very good and the service quick. They also have happy hour specials on drinks and apps. There are lots of TVs to watch whatever game is on, too.
1	I've been going to TGIF since they opened but on 9/26/2013something real bad happened .It was a real bad night in more ways then one,It's suppose to be a sports bar and a place that's fun well it's not like that anymore .As I was watching the 49er and Stl just b/4 half time ,all of a sudden baseball comes on and no one would help me out,then they wouldn't let me use my reward points afterI got the ok b/4 I ordered.Then wghen talking to the manager he started lieing to me so I paid my bill and told him he's nothing but a liar and walked out and I'll never will return along with my 4 sons
2	Went here for dinner tonight. We got there around 7:30 and the hostess offered for us to sit at the bar area for happy hour or for a 10 minute wait for the dining area. We opted for the dining area. (happy hour stops at 7..so that was never really an option?) the service was pretty slow. My husband stupidly agreed to ordering cheesesticks when the waitress offered.. I was definitely not impressed with the $9 cheesesticks. He ordered some kind of pasta dish and I ordered a salad. The portions we got for both were not very big, they tasted fine, just small. The check took forever to come. The only thing that really bothered me out of the whole night was I was looking through the drink menu when we had first sat down and the waitress suggested a mason jar drink that is apparently popular.. I can't remember the whole name something palm.. Anyways the drink came in a small square mason jar.. And it was really tasty.. But it literally couldn't have had any alcohol in it.. I mean like none.. And when we got the check the drink alone was $10! I was expecting $5-7 like a normal drink. Especially considering the small size of this one.. I've had drinks before on previous visits and usually 1 drink an I can at least tell I've drank something, but this time 1 small $10 drink that might as well have just been ginger ale. I was really not happy with the whole situation. Maybe had the drink had more alcohol I wouldn't have been so upset about the big price for such a small drink..
2	Soooooooo ... I generally like TGIFridays.  I proposed to my second wife in one.  This particular location, however, is apparently suffering from a total lack of management (at least on the night we visited).  Tuesday afternoon, 4:00-4:30, light crowd (25% or less full).The appetizer (chip nachos) was awesome.  Then the burgers came out.  For some reason, all three of us ordered burgers.  That hardly ever happens.  When the food arrived (we had each ordered what was SUPPOSED to be a different burger), the burgers were obviously bit right.  The server could not distinguish one from the other.  After consulting the kitchen, plates were exchanged and everything pronounced okay.  We knew they were still not right, but we were hungry and had a movie to go to. We told our server that the plates were wrong, but that everything still tasted good.  He told us he would talk to his manager.  He came back and said the manager would like to offer us a free dessert.  We passed. Problems: they kept the itemized receipt (with the survey information on it) when they brought the check back after running my card.  Don't want any reviews?  The burgers tasted okay, but were indistinguishable.  They just looked kind buns with greasy piles of cheese-covered ingredients.  The best we could tell, all three had the wrong toppings on them.  No pride in product appearance whatsoever.  So ... the manager was not ensuring quality food was being served, not making sure staff know how to get orders delivered correctly or identify menu items, and addressing customer concerns is not a priority - what EXACTLY is she or he doing back there?  Candy Crush Saga?  eBay?  Quoting lines from "Waiting?"  Whatever it was, it was a management FAIL. I will not return until I see some positive Yelp! reviews.
1	Horrible service.  Waiter took five minutes to come to the table then five minutes for soft drinks on a Wednesday I got.  Got up and left talked to the manager and offered to give us appetizer cards for next.  Not happening not going to be a next time.
1	Went to watch a game with my kids and asked them to change the channel on the tv  in a back dining area where no one else was around. They said no! So we went to chili's
4	this TGIF is in the casino, but it is a fun time during happy hour!!! the bartenders are hilarious and funny! AMBIANCE: 5 - it's a regular TGIF, it might even be a bit fancier because it's inside a casino! sometimes it smells weird because its an old casino lol SERVICE: 4 - service is pretty good in the bar area! outside of the bar area it's a bit slow. FOOD: 3 - Drinks are bomb!!!!!!! but the food is just so-so! it's expensive for such small bits of meat, if you're ordering steak! They're healthy portions, but it's overpriced, and not excellent! that Oreo ice cream dessert is yummy, and really fills the spot!
4	We have eaten at this restaurant several times.  The service and food is comparable to other TGIF locations, and we use the coupon we get in the Entertainment Book for additional discounts.  Also, sign up for the Stripes Club.Restaurant is large but usually not full, even during busy times.  Good place to eat prior to going to the movies or a show in the lounge.
4	Haven't been here in about a year but stopped in the other night to watch some college basketball at the bar. It was 5:30 pm, which means it was happy hour which got me $4 drafts (any) and $6 appetizers. The bartenders were friendly and continued to check on me and other guests constantly to make sure we were good on food and drink. They also try to learn everyone's name and make conversation with them. When 6 pm rolled around they changed channels for me no problem and I was able to watch my Big Ten games. The bar area got crowded by 6 or 7 pm but food and beer continued to flow uninterrupted. Will have to visit this location more often this year. Didn't remember TGIF being so popular or efficient
1	Terrible food.  Same with the service. Save your money for somewhere better and one that is worth it.
1	I really can't believe this .. Haven't been here in ages and I end up with the same Lazy un attentive Server Melody Melody Melody She's So Freaking Slow ( Hurry Up Melody)
5	After Nascar Qualifying we really wanted to check out Aliante since it's 25 minutes away from the speedway.It started out seemingly slow. We were told by the hostess it would be a 45 minute wait. Okay, so we waited and we heard all these parties being called. Nobody really showed up except for us. It wasn't a bad wait time, luckily it was maybe 15 minutes tops. We were seated quickly and it was nice to see this location went all the way to the back like a real TGIF. Debbie was our server she greeted us with a smile and asked how everyone was doing.  We ordered our beverages and decided to use my free chicken entree. I grabbed the Sizzlin' Chicken & shrimp, my boyfriend had a Classic Cheeseburger and his mom ordered the Bleu Cheese Burger no bun & without the Balsamic. When everything came out it seemed overdone. My chicken was burned on both sides, her burger was a hockey puck and my bf's burger was cold to the touch.   We were really shocked they scored a 0 on the food quality but 10 on the service. We asked for the manager and Debbie came right over and we asked her to send it all back.We spoke with the manager (wish I caught his name). He apologized and told us we would make sure the kitchen fixed it. He mentioned he had been on our side of town working at the TGIF in The Orleans and it clicked in my head. We've already met him once before, he checked on us last week! ha ha ha ha.All in all the food came back out, it was hot and it was excellent. They made it right by us and I'm thankful for that. Truly I am, I've had manager's take offense to us sending food back and we've been treated poorly in the past at other restaurants. We'll be back in the near future, maybe even this Sunday after the race!I was thoroughly pleased to know the staff here was super NICE!  The reviews I read about here made me cringe.  I would love to be seated with Debbie again. She was super attentive! We left her a nice tip for the amazing Service.  Service: 10/10   Food:     10/10     I took pictures of before and after.. The second time around is the charm and I'm okay with that.  They fixed everything and couldn't of asked for a better treatment. Very thankful for the understanding staff.
4	Rebecca is an excellent server. Mozzarella sticks are delicious and they are quick with the drinks and refills. Though we were told they're is a thirty minute wait on a Friday night, it was actually around fifteen so not too bad considering it's in a casino in aliante. Definitely recommend this place over the aliante buffet and over any other tgi Friday location. Didn't give five stars because their plastic cups are cracked and look unprofessional but they don't leak or anything, just need new cups.
1	Food was wrong, didn't bring drinks or refills in timely manner, lobster was served cold but they did give us dessert since they messed up the order so bad.
1	Worst waiter ever!I come to this TGIFriday's all the time and always have great service but today was just beyond horrible. I went in to get something to eat with my sister, usually we sit in the dining area but the bar was pretty empty and the host suggested we sit there since it was happy hour, so sure why not. Our waiter was Crystal, we ordered some bread sticks as an appetizer and drinks. She took a while to come back and get our order but we didn't mind too much. She brought our food out and I asked for a refill. She brought me one then disappeared. I go to cut into my steak and there was blood gushing out. I ordered medium well, where there should be only a little pink, right? No this steak had blood coming. It was basically RARE! Waited for her to come back so I could let her know it wasn't cooked all the way. But like I said she disappeared. I ate a few fries because I was pretty hungry and was waiting a while. My food got cold so I didn't want it anymore nor did I want to have to wait for it to be fixed. She finally came back like 20 minutes later. She saw I ate nothing from my plate and it was clear I was upset. But she just asked if we needed boxes, I was too pissed off at this point that I didn't even care about my food I just wanted to leave. I finally go to drink some of my refill since I hadn't been eating I wasn't drinking. It was definitely not my soda. It was disgusting I almost spit it out. So now at this point I'm done, it's time for me to leave this place. She brings the check and takes my plate of clearly untouched food not even bothering to ask if anything was wrong with it. We pay and give the host a note to give to the manager about our horrible service. He was real nice and apologized for her. I don't think I will be going back to this location for a while. And if I do I definitely won't sit at the bar. It was a waste of money and I didn't even eat anything.
2	Got there when they opened for lunch, waited 40 minutes for a couple of cheeseburgers. They were cold when we finally got them.  Pretty sure the coleslaw was at least a day old. Service was slow, food was bad/cold. Won't be back.  Too many bad factors to assume I won't have to deal with at least one of them again.
1	If I could give a negative star, I would. It's a Sunday evening on Mother's Day. It's just my boyfriend, my son and myself. We waited 15 minutes on our table and when we sat down I noticed that not all of their tables were full. Weird. We ordered spinach dip and it came out dry and looked as though it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. Then we waiting 45 minutes on our entrees. Ridiculous! Although we waited forever for our food and it wasn't to die for the manager was nice enough to comp our drinks and my meal. But we definitely won't be back.
2	Got there when they opened for lunch, waited 40 minutes for a couple of cheeseburgers. They were cold when we finally got them.  Pretty sure the coleslaw was at least a day old. Service was slow, food was bad/cold. Won't be back.  Too many bad factors to assume I won't have to deal with at least one of them again.
2	Slow, boring food. Two stars because the staff were nice and the good didn't look like it would make me sick.  There is no reason to come back.
2	The food was decent at best,  service was awful.  Lazy host, slow service,  mediocre food.  I would not go back to this location.  Management needs to work on the customer service for this restaurant!!!
1	I had never eaten at this place before and my girlfriend and I were hungry so I thought we would take a chance here. There was no one in sight to seat us first of all, so we wandered inside looking at their decorated walls. After awhile someone approached us and had us sit at a booth. When it was time to order, all I wanted was this spicy shrimp pasta. When it came, it didn't come with a piece of bread or a cracker or anything else. I was a little disappointed because I love eating bread with my pasta. I asked our server if bread came with it as soon as he delivered it and he said "no it doesn't but you can buy some." I said no it was okay and then he proceeded to the couple on the booth behind us. I could clearly hear his conversation with the couple as he approached them and said, "hey guys, chef put the wrong meat on the grill so you guys are going to be getting an even bigger steak" and I could hear how excited they were. Just hearing that right after I had my bread request dismissed really set me off internally. I understand that bread may not be free at this place or may not be given with pasta dishes but to hear someone get an even bigger piece of meat while I couldn't get a piece of bread just doesn't make sense to me. To add to this issue, service was really really slow. I don't see myself ever going to another TGI Fridays again.
3	Good service at the bar. Generally very nice and attentive staff. Drinks are good but food is just okay. As far as quantity, it's a good deal for the price but quality is a different story. Veggies are always overlooked and some stuff tastes stale
2	This place it's great and the food out of this world, but the service sucks. The first thing I did when the waiter took our drink orders was asked for an appetizer.30 min passed we got our entrees. 7 mins later we got the appetizer now, I thought an appetizer was a small dish before the main meal. Ps the whole time I was there I did not felt like I was being serviced.
3	There are some things I like about this particular restaurant, and others that need improvement.  My main gripe is that the place always seems to be understaffed, and one must wait awhile to be greeted upon arriving inside the entrance even when no or few other diners are present.  Then there is another longer than usual wait for the waiter to arrive and introduce himself.  (On our visits the server has always been a he.)  Pan-seared Potstickers leaning toward being prepared crispy, with a Szechwan Dipping Sauce, have always been a consistently good starter.  And I appreciate the complimentary Chips & Salsa that is provided upon showing a Friday's Stripes loyalty card.  On this occasion the homemade chips were warm and crisp.  A bowl of French Onion Soup was not as good as usual, however.  Although the broth was very good, the crouton came apart in an unorthodox manner, and no developed cheesy crust covered the top.  While Diane's Friday's Shrimps were over-crispy, my Cajun Shrimp & Chicken Pasta was well prepared in all respects.Ordered dishes came out quickly, and after our server greeted us, service was fast and efficient.  Food portions were very generous, and upbeat rousing music added to the casual ambiance of this comfort food emporium.    3-1/2 stars overall!
3	Saturday night not too busy. Ordered steak mid-rare with langostino sauce topping. Cooked to temp. Good sides. Wife had grilled chicken Cobb salad. She said too much blue cheese & sauce on chicken was funky. Kid had grilled cheese.Drink specials..... they are never in-stock of advertised mason jars. Weak alcohol. Service was mediocre.Bourbon cake dessert. Outstanding
4	Went to Fridays inside the Alliante casino. Was in a rush trying to catch a movie after so we sat in the bar. Ordered shrimp cocktail and potato skins for appetizers and each had steak dinners. The shrimp was great, however the potato skins came out after we received our steak dinners. A bit disappointing but the bartender took care of it and removed it from the bill! Amazing. She was also very nice and helpful and made great drinks as well. Even though the potato skins came out late, she still made service great. Even the manager came out to check on us. Definitely going back.-Joe
3	Mind you, we were at the TGIs at Sunset earlier this week, had a wonderful server and A+ service. This TGIs is reportedly under different management and it is a disadvantage: We were not permitted to receive wings with different sauces at the same time, nor were we permitted to take our left overs home. Never mind the fact that we waited for a hostess to appear at the hostess stand- staff is very polite, however I think the new management needs to be replaced. We will not be returning to this location.
4	The Jack Daniels sampler was pretty good.  Had the classic cheese burger----nice and juicy. Service was good.  Will come again.
1	We read a bunch on how tgi fridays has changed and is listening to guest.  I would like to say the food and service was great....BUT we go in there and there is a manager, hostess,  and a waiter at the hostess both.  We decided to sit in the bar area in a booth.  There were four avaible in the four corners of the bar area.  We walked to each one of them and they were all dirty.  Then as I walk up to the hostess booth to ask for them to clean it... there is now 3 managers and at least 3 to 4 other employees standing at the booth just talking.  I was so upset that they were standing there...  that I told them why we were leaving.  The manager did offer to clean a table personally... but it would of been nice to have a table cleaned instead of walking around a bar to find nothing while they are just chit chatting... sad...
1	We usually get a great service but this time it was horrible. Our server was Owen. Owen has no personality at all. He did not smile just directly took our order and thats it. We ordered nachos as an appetizer but it took 25 mins. Then we need refills, we already almost done with nachos still he hasnt refilled our drinks. Then our food came out. We ordered jack daniels chicken and shrimp and baby back ribs. The chicken and ribs was delicious but the shrimp was awful, the breading was blan and over powered the flavor of the shrimp. It was like the breading double the amount of shrimp. The manager could also do table visits. He looked at our table at least 5 times while not stopping by once.
1	So the service sucked!We went in around 8 pm on Friday night. Didn't look packed at all, there was a lot of tables that were open but nobody cleaning them. So they told us that it was going to be a 30 minute wait so ok we waited, we didn't get our table till 10 mins to 9! Almost an hour waiting! Our server took forever with our order and drinks. He even looked drunk! People who got their table 5 mins before us already were leaving when we were still waiting for our food, even people who came in after us got their food wth?? We didn't have a special request order so why the long wait idk! We got our food, it wasn't even hot, our kids French fries were soggy and cold. By all means this place would do a lot better if they hired employees who cared about customer service in general! Overall food taste was ok. But still rating this place a 1 star
1	Endless appetizers (boneless chicken nSpinach artichoke) was the worst !!!!Chicken taste and look like microwave food and also cold,  spinach artichoke was over cooked. Didn't taste right. Worst appetizers i ever tasted !!!!!
2	Went in around 1200pm and was seated in the bar area. Not busy at all. There were only 2 other tables that had other customers sitting in them. Bartender was friendly and took our order. It took about an hour to get our food. After we received our food, the service stopped completely. Waited after we were done with our food for quite some time for them to even pick up our plates. Then after that we waited again for the check. After receiving the check we put our currency in it and placed it on the side of the table. And again, waited and watched as the bartender did other side duties. Finally came and picked up the check and we booked it out of there. TGI finally over with.
4	At last I had a 4-star meal here!Although the hostess acted disappointed that we didn't want to be seated in the bar area, and it took about 10 minutes to get water (our only drinks) after asking for same, we enjoyed the best cooking and service we have had here to date.  We were present during Thursday night football, so the place was packed, and the few available servers seemed to be somewhat overtaxed.Even though we each ordered an entree, because it was only $1.00 more to have "Endless Appetizers" we (rather foolishly) opened with Endless Pot Stickers and Endless Potato Skins.  They were very tasty, but all we were doing was stuffing ourselves and gaining weight for no ostensible necessary purpose.  Just because there is a deal is no reason to blindly seize upon it!  So, since I could barely finish my second round of Pot Stickers along with everything else, next time Endless Appetizers are available, regardless of price differential I will be satisfied with just a single order of an app.Beyond the abundant apps, we accepted complimentary warm Tortilla Chips & Salsa for being long-time Stripes members; I had my usual cup of tasty French Onion Soup; and I again enjoyed a generous portion of hot and creamy Cajun Shrimp & Chicken Pasta, with plump shrimp and tender chicken, while Diane liked her golden Friday's Shrimp & Fries.Overall, service by our server Audra was first-rate; we were given enough time to enjoy each course before the next one was delivered; and the manager even came by once to personally check on our satisfaction.
3	Decent food. But for that price I'd expect a bit better quality. Otherwise the atmosphere is very nice. It's basically a glorified cafe being in the casino. I prefer stand alone locations
5	The beer in this place is very cold...and the bartenders are very cute and sweet!  This place is my fix after a long day at work.  If you want really good service just sit at the bar...they are very attentive!!
2	This is the last time we come here. The spinach artichoke dip was crusty on the top because it had sat under the heat lamp for so long. I don't know when a salad coming out with the entree has ever been right. Drink refills took forever. It's just not up to par anymore. I don't know if it's because it's in a casino, but it seems worse than a stand alone restaurant. Service was really slow and there was maybe half a dozen tables seated. Food is average at best. I expect so much more for an $80 bill with no alcohol.
5	Open late, cool decor, playing good hip music and yummy food! (the cheese sticks are to die for!) our server was Jordan, he was great! I'll be stopping in again :)
