5	I had to create another Yelp account today just to say how much I appreciate Rob at Zbest. (I lost my password for my other account....argh...don't you just hate having a million passwords!)    I had a small job that no one in town wanted to touch and Rob was insanely kind to me.   His employees are fantastic!  No communication troubles, and they were so respectful of my property.    And the work.....AS GOOD AS IT GETS!!  They stayed and made sure I was completely satisfied.  In fact, after a little while I was saying "that's really fine" and they wouldn't stop until things were totally perfect.  Rob takes pride in hiring great crews (as we all know, a business is only as good as its crews).   Rob is a little quirky,  but he sure as heck knows his stuff!!   He won't show up in a fancy suit because he works his tail off.  Even more important, Rob really cares about doing a great job.  After everything was finished, Rob even called to follow up to make sure I was completely happy (I am!).  My backyard looks spectacular and it is all thanks to Rob.   His prices were more than reasonable as well.  If you need someone to put in turf for you, honestly, you can't do any better than Rob.  Extra thanks to Genero too!When you call, ask for Rob.  He owns the company.  It is always great to deal with the owner.   P.S....they are licensed and bonded too.  I don't like to use companies that aren't.Update on 4/19/13:I recently called Z Best again for a rate quote on doing some more work in my yard.  Rob came over and was amazing....again.   He knows so much about turf and has the most amazing products.  Better yet, he does the work right.  Sadly, my sprinkler system has failed under the middle of my turf in my yard.  (Why can't pipes ever fail where they are easy to reach?)   Rob once again is coming to my rescue.   This is a man who finds solutions instead of seeking excuses.  Why can't he run every company I deal with?  I guess the lesson is that when you find someone with great character, no matter what the situation is, that character will come shining through.
5	Wonderful work! - Rob put in our grass recently, and we still can't get over how wonderful it looks. His grass was very well priced, and compared to his competitors, he had the best selection. On top of that, he made sure that all of the products that were going into our back yard were American -made and non-carcinogenic. His team was very professional, and Rob made sure to follow up with us after the job was done. Thanks, Rob, for a great yard - we recommend you  to all our friends!
5	Accurately quoted, quickly and properly installed. No complications, delays, excuses, etc. Completed exactly as he said it would go. Happy here. Will be referring to friends.
5	Z Best Turf is the company to call when looking for an efficient, reliable, and knowledgable artificial grass service.  Rob and his team did a fantastic job and really transformed my backyard. They even kindly fixed a leak on the side of my house by running a PVC pipe so that the water would run off, ensuring long-term life of my new grass.  I am very satisfied and highly recommend them!
5	I found Z Best Turf on craigslist by chance. Robe came out to my home and gave me an estimate which I could not pass up. He also did all the paperwork for me to get a rebate from the water district. The job was completed on time and the guys did an awesome job. Robe is amazing and honest. Would recommend him highly.
5	Z Best truly is the best.  Rob was a real professional and his crew did an amazing job. He took the time to explain, in detail, each type of turf including the pros and cons of each.  He was very thorough in educating us on the installation process and maintenance of the product. We are very happy with the end result. Thanks Rob.
5	As I was going to write this great review I decided to read some other reviews to see what other customers are saying. I am not shocked to see that Rob and his crew have glowing recommendations. Let me tell you about my install..I came across Rob on craiglist as I was looking for someone to do my work and do it cheap. I figured turf is expensive and was hoping to stay under a certain price range. I called several companies out to bid out the job. Rob was the 1st to come out and bid the job. I had no knowledge what I was getting into price wise. Rob showed up and measured everything out and priced the job. Way more than I was expecting but I wanted the work done. What Rob did different was he took the time and explained to me the job, showed me tons of samples and thoroughly explained the difference in face weight, bounce back, blade type etc. I am big on customer service and he went above and beyond. I told him I needed to meet with some other companies and he said no problem and advised me to just be careful with what they try to sell me. So I used the new knowledge Rob provided and when they showed up I asked a ton of questions based of what Rob taught me and no one did a better job than Rob. His material was better quality and better priced than the competitors. With some offering less than half the face weight for the same exact price. Ridiculous. One tried to sell me outdated product that was removed from manufacturing because of cancer concerns. So I call back Rob offer him the job. He talks about how great his crew is and that they really are the best. I thought ok, he kind of has to say that of course. They day of install his guys show up bright and early took the time to talk me through the process and assure me they would do a great job. When they were done I was more than impressed at how nice they really were and the quality of work they put in, a great reflection of Rob. Z Best is truly a fine business. Rob is passionate about what he does. His crew does a great job and I can't express how pleased I am with them. I recommend them highly. Don't hesitate to call them, you will be pleased, believe me. Best in the business. I'm gonna use them again in a few months.
5	We had Z Best Turf install our artificial grass about a month ago and have been very pleased with the results. Rob thoroughly explained the differences in grasses and competitors and told us what to ask other companies. Not only were they the cheapest quote, they had much better materials. They did the job in one day and completed all the paperwork to get us our refund from the water company. Would highly recommend.
5	Rob came out to our home and give me a very reasonable estimate on artificial turf, curbing, paver walkway and rock landscape. He showed us several different styles of the grass. He wasn't gone from our house 30 minutes and we decided to go with his company.   This was on a Thursday. He said he could start on Tuesday and it would take three days.  His crew was there early Tuesday morning and started. Thursday afternoon they were done and did an outstanding job. Carlos and his crew (Rob's employees) were the best, very meticulous. Taking extra care to make sure everything fit just right. I would go with Z Best in a heart beat. Not only does our yard look great, there is hardly any glare from the sun. Our patio door used to get real hot. Not now.
5	This is the place to get artificial turf! I got 3 other bids and all were drastically more. I've had the turf for about 5 months now and it's amazing. I get so many compliments on it and can't thank Rob and his crew enough for transforming my yard.
5	I bought a house in foreclosure which had a very ugly front yard. I found Z Best Turf online, called them, and Rob showed up the same day to give me a quote. I liked the price and decided to go ahead and hire him. I had to go through some hurdles with the Summerlin HOA, but he helped significantly. They do awesome work, I had artificial turf installed in my front yard and courtyard. Would recommend.
5	Great service, great pricing. Won't hurt to give Rob a call!
5	Rob Skow, owner of Z Best Turf was awesome, when he installed my artificial lawn.I highly recommend this company.
5	Rob was great. I called on a Sunday and he came out the next day to give me a bid on my very small job. He showed me tons of samples and took the time to explain the process. He was able to squeeze me in the very same week and the job was completed on Thursday. My patio looks great and I am very happy with the product and the quality of work! Thanks Rob and crew!
5	ROB SKOW! So thankful for this guy. I work for an association management company and we had a water leak emergency happen on Christmas Eve. Rob being the genuine guy he is came out without hesitation and provided great service along with fixing the issue. I highly recommend him to EVERYONE. Thanks Rob!
