4	This place has a pretty good variety of wines as well as beers and other spirits. Being a Majestic shop you can easily order something from the catalogue if they don't have it available in the store. They also offer the rather useful choice of crates options, with a variety of wines in each crate from New and Old World or a selection of both wines. In addition this shop offers home deliveries. They also sell individual wines at quite reasonable prices and being Majestic their stock is of a fairly good standard. Moreover, they offer next day deliveries. Their service is quite helpful although I found out of the three occasions I have been there, twice the friendly service was overshadowed by a general lack of knowledge of wine. However, overall I have had positive experiences with this store and would recommend it to friends seeking slightly different (more sophisticated) wines, or if you are holding a party and want delivery of large amounts of alcohol at reasonable prices.
4	If you love your wine and want to buy loads of it then Majestic Wine Warehouses is the place to come.  This is where industrial bulk meets culinary expertise.  I used to work for a building supplies company where they sold bricks, paint and timber in massive quantities for cheap prices, and it seems kind of strange that wine should be sold in the same way.  Who cares though?  They sell good quality wine at cheap prices!You can buy crates of wine from a variety of locations from around the world, letting you mix and match as you please.  It's a unique concept and the staff seem friendly and keen to let you know about the available deals, rather than the actual wines themselves.  It's a good place to come if you're looking for a variety of cheap wines.
4	I'm not a big wine drinker but the Majestic Wine Warehouse stocks a tonne of wines to choose from if it's your tipple of choice. To be honest, a good wine is wasted on me as after half a glass I'm under the table.Majestic Wine Warehouse is perfect if you need to cater for a big party or a function as you can buy in wines in bulk and the prices are very competitive too. You don't need to buy them buy the truck load, of course, and can instead just opt for a single bottle from their extensive range. The staff here are very knowledgeable and if you need to impress with a bottle of wine they'll be able to point you in the right direction.
4	I'm perhaps being a bit of a commoner here, but to put it simply, no matter what kind you get, white wine always tastes a bit like vinegar, red wine always tastes a bit like old socks, and rose wine always tastes a bit like an episode of Footballers' Wives.Sometimes a glass of wine just feels right though, and thankfully this lot sell the shit by the absolute barrelload. Whether it's for some antifreeze-filled French plonk to impress your tedious, loathsome friends at dinner parties, or just a bottle of Blue Nun for a night in a shop doorway, they'll have it.
4	This is the sort of place that you come if you like wine, but aren't like, really into it (well, I come here and I'm not exactly a connoisseur). Basically, what I'm trying to say is it's cheap, and it always stocks the 'coolest' brands and has almost always got a good deal going for it.This particular branch is really big too, I've come here with my mum before and found myself trailing after her for aaggeess incase she see's something she didn't see before...ok mum.The staff are lovely too, really nice and happy to help and I'm sure if you asked nicely enough they would let you taste it too...
4	If you are fed up will the snow, ice and cold then by all means visit Majestic Wines here, for 2013 FREE winter in-store tastings. With regular new arrivals of world wines they suggest you come along and meet. As this is a pre-attend review, that I still have to do the range and types of wines brought back memories of a wine tasting adventure in the Blue Mountains of Australia a few years ago. So I am hoping that the guys here are every bit as knowledgable of their stock, as grape farmers overseas? With International Merchant Awards 2012, and High Street Chain of the year , I have every confidence in them.Whatever you fancy, red, whites or in-between's, the best way to experience a great night out will be to come along to one of their informal nights and just sample their liquids until the bottles empty and there's nothing left, or until your satisfied, or worse you need a taxi home, then go..!Me; I can't wait for my first one with them, slurp.
