4	Great food. Friendly staff. I like this bar. The machines are a little tight, so gaming here is not ideal. The day shift bartender is awesome. Her name is Jamie. So, come stop by and visit with her. The food here is pretty good, come hungry. I had the hamburger and for under $6, it was delicious.
2	We stopped by for happy hour on a Friday night.  Long story short is that our two orders of sliders were burned and dry, and only one of our three drinks "qualified" for happy hour pricing, and then they priced it at full price on the bill, so we had to point it out to them.  One beer, 2 cocktails and 2 orders of $5 sliders cost us $31 with tip...during happy hour.   We told staff about the sliders being overcooked.  While they were apologetic, they didn't do anything to remedy it. This is the second time we've been disappointed at this location and we're not going back!
3	I got locked out of my house so Angela H and I went down the street for a snack and to wait for my BF to get home.We shared chicken fingers&fries ($8.50)- ordered them plain with sauces on the side (ranch, teriyaki and medium). It was pretty decent, but standard bar food. The BF joined and got a Yosemite Club ($8.50) which was also pretty standard fare. The server was friendly when she would interact with us, but the problem is that there were periods where we wouldnt see staff to flag down. We were held hostage after our plates were cleared and we just wanted the check. Yes, she had a large area, but I think it's clear that if someone doesnt have food in front of them to maybe check if those people are ready to go, need something else or just gonna hang out before going off for 20 minutes. We tried to get the attention of a guy that was a busser but he just looked like he couldn't be bothered.  Drive by Timbers every night to come home...Fridays are always busy so why the fuck would you have so few servers anyways? With a crowd trying to converse, the music was a tad too loud and hence the place being a bit loud. If a quiet meal is what you want- this isn't the late night bar to do so. I prefer to drive down to Big Dogs Draft House, go next door to Shucks, or head to Montana Meat for bar eats near my house.
3	Been here a few times. I do like the bar, good hangout. The food is surprisingly good. Had a few different things off the menu, and was satisfied each time. The service sometimes is good. Hard to land a spot at the bar, lots of gamblers. Two pool tables, and darts,. That is all.
1	The bar food was good so we tolerated getting to-go items. Even then it sometimes was spotty service and it was always from the same server. Black hair, really bubbly and friendly which makes her scattered with no priorities except to chat and have fun. She's the reason why we always check sauces as it normally isn't always there. I've gotten salad without a dressing or fries without ranch sauce. If we deal with someone else, there's usually not as much issue. After last night, screw this place. Called in the order and it usually takes 10-15 minutes. The BF gets there soon after to pick it up and lets that server know he's here for a pick up. She goes to the back and says it's a few minutes. He tries to get her several times. It took forever to get the food and when the BF pays and she brings him the food, he asks for sauces that wasn't given. The girl goes off then to drop off a drink, but then goes to chat with some people, and off elsewhere, gets people their checks, etc. before going to just grab the BF some ranch, malt vinegar and tartar sauce. At this point the BF has already been waiting 30minutes plus on a order that was called in 50 minutes ago so he was quite miffed that this lady has no concept of priorities. When a customer is needing to leave, then don't hold them hostage! He sat for a few minutes too many for some sauce.58 minutes for food. When we open the food- it was cold and soggy. I didn't get tartar sauce for my fish and chips. I live two blocks from this place so it didn't get cold on a travel home. It's the reason why we pick up here- the proximity should get us hot food. The food was done probably the timeframe they said, but that lady didn't go get the food and wandered around chatting up people. One server can ruin repeat business.
2	The food at Timbers is ok but their service is lacking.  This is nearby my work so I have been here a few times and the service got worse each time.  It is a waste of money to be a patron here.
3	All you 49er Fans, this is the bar to go and watch the games. They have a enough TVs so everyone gets a chance to see the action. However, it does get really crowded with so if you want a good seat you have to arrive an hour before the game. The beer is only $3.50. Also when the Niners score you get a free jello shot. The service here is okay but they get a bit confused because they don't even keep track of who ordered what.
1	This place is crap...... The service was crappy and management should be fired. Why call yourself a sports bar when you cater to one team only. Yes, we know there a bunch of 49ers in there but the game did not come on until 1:15, if people are in there watching games you should respect that. DO NOT turn all the TVs to one game when people are obviously watching several different games especially during playoffs and the game is down to the last minute. HOW DO YOU DO THAT??? at least put the game on in the back or tell the bar..... something.  When we went to voice a complaint Gary Bogel THE MANAGER said to us its a 49er bar and turned his back on us what an a$$.  And no Gary it's Timbers Bar & Grill it does not say anywhere 49er's Bar and Grill, if I knew that I would have gone somewhere else.  Food was OK, but the stringy black-haired  bartender was horrible.  She should know that crack kills, especially when sporting a muffin top. They can bet we won't be back to that place.
2	Poker bar food that isn't horrible.  Lunchtime:  The pizza is ok but I suspect it just a better than average frozen crust.  It doesn't taste fresh...  but it is better than Chucky Cheese.  The cheeseburger is above average.  I almost REALLY like it.  It has a good taste... for the first half but I am usually not enjoying it s much once I pass the halfway point.  The sides of fries, rings, etc are just US Foods frozen standards.  Breakfast:The scrambled eggs are fresh but the cook needs to learn to use salt and pepper.  The toast was pretty good, though not spectacular.  Overall, I wouldn't come here for the food.  If you are looking for some tasty cold ones and Gamblers Bonus machines, this isn't a bad choice.
4	I love the food and the ambience here; as long as it's not too crowded. The reason I don't like it when it's crowded is that it's then difficult to get away from smokers -- but then this is typical in any Las Vegas bar, unfortunately. My favorite place to eat is is one of the easy chairs in front of the fireplace. The bar tends to be crowded, so I rarely gamble here. Too many smokers who just light right up and hold their cigarettes next to you. I know smoking is allowed in bars, but wonder why so many smokers have no manners. Sometimes a kind smoker with great manners will sit next to me and will actually ask if cigarettes bother me and I'll thank them for asking and ask them to just keep the smoke on their other side (side not next to me). This makes all the difference to me!
4	I don't come here much, only during football season. If you've been here, then you'll know why. Only been here for drinks and to drop some coin in their video poker machine. Mainly here for the Niner Games and fellow Niner fans. Nice quiet place during the day and busy at night.
4	Love this Timbers.  Great local crowd and always a good vibe in there.I think Timbers offers some of the best bar food in town also.  The turkey sliders are awesome!  Good bartenders at this spot, and always a pretty cool people in there.
4	My husband and I had our first date here, and some of the staff still remember us after 3 years. That said, we don't make it out too often, because we live across town, but this is by far my favorite Timbers. The bartenders know how to have fun, the crowd is always local, drinks are free if you're playing machines at the bar, they have lots of TV's and big wing back chairs, and the menu is good. If you dig fish-n-chips, these guys have pretty much nailed it. They've finally jumped on the sweet potato fries bandwagon, and you can sub them for regular fries if you feel the need. You can get breakfast 24 hours a day, which is a huge plus, and the grilled cheese here is EPIC. They call it (something like) the Ultimate Grilled Cheese, although I'm not completely sure - my neurons only fire for the taste of the thing. If I recall, they don't always have it on the menu, but maybe that will change. They put a couple different cheeses inside the most delicious bread, add bacon (mmmmmmmm...... bacon.....) and big slices of tomato, which stay cold in spite of the piping hot sandwich. Then they smash the whole thing into the skillet with loads of butter and shredded Parmesan cheese, which makes a droolworthy crust. All food aside, you will leave this place smelling of smoke, especially if you go during peak hours. Is it worth it? Oh, yeah!
3	Really hate to drop my review, but my most recent visit warranted it. Let's start off by stating that I am Niner Faithful.  Came out to a few games last year and enjoyed the ambiance.  Nothing but red, nothing but the Niner Empire, and nothing but fans like me.  Always enjoyed the food, the drinks, and the camaraderie with fellow Faithfuls. However, I have to drop by review rate just based on the size of this location.  If you're not early enough, you'll have nowhere to sit.  And when you have nowhere to sit, good luck on getting anything to eat.  Drinks won't be a problem, but grub will. I also quit smoking about 3 months ago and never noticed how bad this place reeked of smoke. until now. Yes, you will smell like an ashtray coming out of here. Wish this place was a little bigger or at least aired better.  Love the staff, love the fans, and like the food.  But it's tough for me to make this my Niner spot when I get a headache from all the smoke.
1	Way too smokey.......come home and have to leave your clothes outside to air out BEFORE you wash them....Unless you are a regular, the staff isn't too friendly. This is the closest bar to my house but will defiantely drive a bit further to BWW!
1	Horrible service from the bartenders. I work right across the street and I will go to any other bar before I return here. I was ignored when I got there and the most shocking part was when they asked the lady sitting right next to me (who happened to just hit a royal) if she was doing ok, but still didn't ask me. I had to ask them for wine after they asked the big winner next to me. Not 2 seats over, literally right next to me! Thanks, but no thanks. A simple "hello, can I get you something to drink?" would have made all the difference in the world. No more Timbers, N Durango, for this lady!
3	The food was pretty good. Amazing grilled cheese sandwich. The server was awesome! The beer not so good. They seemed to be out of everything but Bud Light.
1	First time in Vegas trip. I tried this place out for the first time. It was a let down from the beginning, thanks to the bartender Amanda. I asked if they had hot sauce for my nachos, and she rudely says that I was already given salsa. I also asked for a fork a minute later and she laughed at me. I started getting concerned about my visit here and why bartender Amanda was acting out poor customer service skills. I later asked if they had 3 different types of alcohols, in which they did not. Instead of Amanda saying "No" or "Sorry", she replied with "We're only Timbers" which gave me the impression that she, herself, considers her work under par.  Another patron accidentally called her a different name, and then apologized when she corrected him on her real name. She still snapped back and stated "How would you like it if I called you Peter?" Finally, I found a scotch and asked for it. She poured it into a shot glass, and Isaid "Oh sorry, can I get it on the rocks?" And she yelled at me for not telling her sooner (One dirty shot glass shouldn't be a big deal).  I finally got my bill. I received 2 drinks on my bill which I did not order. Amanda refused to take them off and said that she already helped me enough and that she isn't breaking the rules. I didn't know what to do other than pay and not leave a tip. This was a horrible first Vegas experience. I will NOT reccommend this place to anyone. This girl needs to be fired, however, I'm sure that won't happen.The nachos were decent... but customer satisfaction is everything.
3	I usually despise chain bars like Timbers and PT's Pub.  This place was really smoky!This is one of the few places in Vegas that has darts...so it gets an extra star just for that.  We stopped in to watch an Oregon Duck game because we called ahead and they said that they have the PAC-12 network.  When we got there, they said they actually don't, and they gave us a couple of shots to brighten our mood!  The manager and one of the bartender girls were great.
2	Came here for lunch the other day, the waitress/bartender was nice. Didnt sit at the bar, althought i guess we should have. We were told that since she was the only ine there, just yell her name and she'll coming running. We ordered our food, it was okay. I got the steak sandwich, which was dry and pretty much tasted like a slab of meat without and seasonings whatsoever. The fries that came with were awesome though. Service was slow with getting any refills. I'm sorry but I don't like to yell across a restaurant jus to get a refill on a soda. Could have been better if the bartender/waitress was a little more attentive.
5	Great new menu! Biscuit sliders are yum!  The biscuits are fluffy and fresh! And breakfast is served all day and night!
4	I love this Timbers! I've been coming here every weekend for a while now and we have hardly ever been disappointed!  Julia is the best server and the food is yummy!
3	Stopped in mid-morning on a Monday and had to get buzzed in. I am all for being security minded, but I was a little baffled by the buzzer during regular business hours in broad daylight. Went in for breakfast to continue the quest for the ultimate chicken fried steak. The CFS was good, as was the accompanying pancake. However, the hash browns were a little undercooked and served less than lukewarm . The service was a slower than would be expected, as we were the only ones in the joint at the time., Overall it was just an average experience but I will be back, as I have long been a fan of Timbers and this was my first visit to this location.
5	Anne marie is the awesomest of the most awesome peeps at Timbers....woot. she is friendly and you can tell she enjoys her job.  Timbers is a place to go if you want to feel like you are going to a place where everyone knows you.  Food is great, its clean, and its a safe place.
5	I wasn't very hungry but my wife and I had a coupon so we decided to stop for dinner and a few drinks. I decided on the buffalo chicken wrap, and I can't  imagine giving a buffalo chicken wrap at a bar a 5 star review, but here I am doing just that. Staff: Very friendly! Julia was very attentive and didn't miss a beat. Environment: when we first walked in, there were a few people smoking at the bar and being a non-smoker I was like "crap!" But the ventilation system in this place rocks, we were not bothered by it at all. The music was not too loud (perfect for having a conversation).Food: My wife had the fish and chips, the batter and fries we very tasty and the fish was well cooked. Not amazing, but good. My buffalo chicken wrap was good. The flavors in the wrap melded so well together I couldn't have enjoyed it more.We plan to go back next weekend with family.
5	Had dinner here recently, and had to come on here to comment on our server Annemarie. She was absolutely incredible! Very attentive, personable, and made great menu and drink suggestions. She definitely made our visit fun and more enjoyable. The food was great and overall our visit was excellent - way above average! Thanks Timbers and Annemarie for a great experience for us tourists ;)
5	I love the fact that I can come in and have great food, drink,  and a chat before a busy saturday.  This place is great for breakfast.  Its clean, smoke free, and friendly.  My husband I can split a breakfast,  the portions are so generous.  And our friend Anne Marie is always there ready for us.   If you come in, ask to sit in her area; shes the bomb.com.
3	I came in with my buddy a few weeks ago to grab a quick beer and some food. I had some chicken fingers and fries and he had a burger, both pretty good no complaints.Place was a bit smokey and the bartender was nice but they kind of concentrated on regular a little more.
2	I have been here a few times and when ever our server is Stephanie, I don't expect much. We were there for 4 hours today and in that time we had to ask 4 different times for a glass of water, 2 different times for an extra glass for our pitcher, and then we asked for the check twice and it took her 20 minutes to bring us the check and another 30 to cash us out. Needless to say our experience was not great.
3	Meh.Not great, not bad, just ok.  When I walked in, I was worried it would be a dive.  It was close, but not too bad.  Good enough to hang out for a couple drinks.The waitress was very attentive and really helpful with the food order, checking to see if the oil was peanut free (it wasn't).The drinks were good enough, but I'm not sure why a Sunrise Margarita would be brownish in color.  I ordered another, so it tasted good enough.  While the drink looked the same, it tasted different, so I don't know what it was or if the person mixing drinks knew what they were doing.Not bad, but again not great.  Good enough.Meh.
1	Breakfast all day and it's good. But service is sketchy, depending on who is working. I have gone and had great service, (2/25) and have gone in and been ignored like I was not there (2/26). I will try it again, but management should get its act together or this place could also close, which would be too bad and is unnecessary... Just give good service.
3	We didn't want to drive downtown so we found this place down the street. The place is fairly decent on the smoke-factor, but this is Vegas so everyone should be used to it. LOL - The Chivas & water was solid and they've got Guinness on tap so that's always a plus!! Two pool tables are always a good time to spend with family!
5	By far the best neighborhood bar!! Good food great drinks and the staff is so attentive. I recommend this place to anyone looking to relax and have a drink after work. Heather and Richard alone is why we frequent here, and you should too! The rest is just a plus!!
5	This place has some of the best bar food in Vegas. The staff are attentive and Amber is one cute waitress. Plus she's always checking to make sure you're happy.
4	Great local bar. Usually decent service both day and night. I've gambled and didn't get any drinks comp'd, but drink prices aren't bad. Breakfast is actually a good thing there. Love the big chairs in the bar area's table section too.
5	Decent machines, good food and a great bar staff...moved out this way a month ago and if I'm going to a bar to play this is my first choice out here
1	If I could offer a NEGATIVE star, I would. My husband and I went TWICE and the second time, got charged for 3 drinks AFTER dumping OVER $200 into a machine!!!!  I asked to speak to the manager and I was told 'Jason' is the manager and he told ME I played for enough to get free drinks BUT my husband did not so he charged us for his drinks when he ADMITTED I lost HUNDREDS yet, since my husband hadn't played fast enough or list enough....we got charged. The worst part was how INDIGNANT the 'manager' was. THAT is how you treat FOOD gamers and LOCAL customers who OWN a home down the street???  Hope it was worth it....never be back!!!!!!
1	Reading over the other reviews I'm noticing a trend.....terrible customer service. Wish I could say my review will be different buuuut nope. I've been here several times and I would say the service is mediocre at best but this time was awful. I'm actually currently sitting here wondering if our server will ever come back. She sure looks like she's been having a great time tonight chattin it up with the other employees but considering we are her ONLY TABLE maybe she could stop by once or twice every hour to check on us. Guess they don't want us to spend more money. Oh and also this is pretty good - had empty beer glasses sitting in front of us for at least 20 minutes so I brought them to the bar and waited for new ones. Genius bartender- "can I help you with something?" Um yeah a drink. Seriously?
1	Been to this location twice now, and same experience as the last. My boyfriend and I were ignored because the staff was too busy chatting with the OBNOXIOUSLY LOUD regulars. Repeatedly had to wait more than 5 minutes for our "cash out" money. Bartenders seemed thoroughly annoyed that we wanted to cash out $5 and try a different machine. The machines are super tight. The bartenders are rude. They never asked if we needed anything. Had to basically yell to get their attention. Food wasn't horrible. Would consider ordering the Western Philly with au jus again. But the staff. I seriously can't get over how awful the staff was. Even with two bartenders, both of them stopped to talk to the same group of people for 20+ minutes. We go to this location because it's close to home if we need to walk home. Guess we will be bringing cab money and finding a new bar to frequent on date night.
4	I think Timbers has by far the best bar food in town. As far as the service goes, I've had different experiences. Sometimes it's great, sometimes it's not.
5	I have been here a couple times and every time the bar tenders are very friendly and make you feel welcome there on top of there game with spot on service. It's way beyond what I expect from any bar. The staff is what brings me back however I do wish they had a little more insentives for players. And the chairs could be a little better :)
2	They have a great menu, but if you can't get what you order, it sucks! Bartender Leanne says I can get hash browns instead of fries and then brings fries. Disappointed.  She was telling her patrons about all the shots she had last night
4	If you go THURSDAY or FRIDAY mornings expect to be greeting at served by a very sexual attractive Jade olive skin beautiful bartender!  She pours a cold beer, kills it at giving patrons luck on the machines and you'll see and makes YUMMA lemon drops!   Tell her Famous Jameous sent you.  You won't be let down!!!!
3	Slow service to start. Once Christin took over our table, she was great. GF and I shared a Philly cheesesteak and mozzarella sticks. We had 2 drafts. The mozzarella sticks were really good but came out with the cheesesteak. The cheesesteak was mediocre. It was fairly dry. Value wasn't bad especially with a coupon. We will try it again to see how it goes.
