4	Another Meet-up of Poly's Adventures in Dining.  About 70 people at the event.You know you ain't eating at a normal place when the first thing they give you when you walk in is a few shots from a hand sanitizer container !The meal is basically served on a platter - there are about 5 different "stews" made with different meats ( lamb, chicken, pork beef ) small salads,  lentils and a basket of rolled up geez, i guess we'll call them pancake/ crepes that you use to scoop up the plattered  stews.prior to the platter, they serve you an appetizer  that  after taking a bite i forgot how to breathe for about 3 seconds - it was a chili filled with lord knows what - one bite and my mouth and throat went numb from the heat !!  a gallon water later - i survived !i even tried one of the stews that was actually raw lamb - called gored or goret - it was a little too chewy for me, but not bad and my stomach survived that experience.The meal ended with a ceremony prior to serving a very, very, very strong coffee - a little sugar and it was ok by me.A nice change of pace.  the owner and staff are very accommodating and very receptive to sharing the culture and food of Ethiopia.
1	This was probably the most awkward dining experience I have had in Vegas.  A coworker suggested it for lunch, and I should have done my research (Merkato across the street has 18 reviews; Axum had 1)...We get there, the open sign is off.  Someone let us in anyway.  A few patrons smoking at the bar.  Even weirder, the lights in the restaurant were off.  I am convinced they were not really open and just had friends in smoking....seriously.  The tables were not really ready for meal service.The nice lady behind the bar is also the waitress, and she hands us menus.  They do not serve tap water here, so we got bottles.  The menu only has maybe 8 things on it, I am not sure if it was just lunch or not.  I decide on a chicken dish - she says they are out.  So I order 1 beef and my coworker orders 1 lamb.  She asked if we want 2?  She did not really understand or speak English except for "thank you."  I was not sure if she meant 2 each or what, but when the food came, I realized she meant we could have split one.Each plate was massive, and had the flat, soft bread on the bottom.  Mine had a salad, a paste, and then she poured my meat dish on it and provided a side of bread.  My friend had the lamb in the same set up but with some mashed yellow lentils.The meat and sauce itself was good and had a nice spice, and the salad was fresh with chillies too, but the paste is what killed me.  I dipped some bread (this is all eat-by-hand, no utensils here), and it tasted like toxic ground coffee....I thought I was poisoned.  It was horrible.  I covered it with some extra bread and just ate a little more beef, but then a giant flying bug landed on the table and I lost my appetite.  Plus I was still eating in the dark and dipping my hands in an oily beef dish.Honestly I think I am turned off from trying any Ethiopian restaurant now, and I would never go here again.  My friend felt bad and paid for me and took my leftovers.  I am fairly adventurous but I prefer to eat in restaurants that are open for business, have the lights on, and have someone who can explain in my language what the food is about so I can order correctly and know what I am eating.
2	Axum happened to be my first real experience with Ethiopian food (previously I had it while going to school at an ethnic potluck dinner). I went here with a group of 8 - 10 people, one of which loved the place and was actually the one to suggest we go. When I walked it I immediately noticed that there was group of I am guessing Ethiopians sitting around the bar and no one else. The place did not look very prepared for serving restaurant patrons. So the menus come out and I guess since he had suggested the restaurant he decided to order for everyone, since he was familiar with the cuisine. I'm a little miffed at this point, but don't care enough to make a big deal about it. At least they ordered some vegetarian food.So when the food comes out, they have these huge platters with injera, the traditional Ethiopian bread, on the bottom and the food on top. I enjoyed the experience of eating with my hands and sharing, but the food was not that great and the atmosphere totally sucked.When we had finished our meal, the waitress mentioned that the restaurant was under new management and handed us some business cards. I'm guessing the change of management could account for the discrepancy between Keith A's review and mine. Either that or I'm just a picky asshole. It's probably the later.
5	I was so impressed!!I started with a cup of coffee, of course.  Ethiopian coffee is some of the best in the world and it was great.  We ordered from the lunch menu, which I thought was pretty extensive.  There were at least 25-30 different things to choose from.  Ethiopian food is served without silverware, and you pick it up with injera (a wonderful spongy flat bread).  It was a fabulous meal  We had a platter selection with two types of lentils, salads, cooked greens and a beef and green pepper dish.  All of which was wonderful.  The flavors are so dynamic.The person who waited on us also cooked our meal.  We found her to be helpful and kind, and efficient.
4	My partner and I stumbled upon this spot in the very last hours of a whirlwind weekend in Vegas. We were looking for a quick and delicious meal before we made our way to the airport and Axum just happened to be the closest restaurant to the bar we were at - and we are so glad it was! After three days of hotel buffets and bar food, the feast at Axum was a perfect note on which to end the trip.We walked in to a room shrouded in the heady scent of incense and coffee beans - they had just performed a traditional coffee ceremony - perhaps a daily ritual. It was early still and we were the first patrons of the evening. There were a number of round tables and chairs arranged about the fairly large space that gave the sense of doubling as a spot for community where the furniture could be easily stacked away to accommodate large gatherings.To say that the staff was friendly would be an understatement. The effusive waitress brought us our menus and bottled waters and took great care to explain the menu to us. We weren't super hungry so decided to get the fitfit and a meat sampler platter to share  - and oh boy, the portions could have fed an entire family. The fitfit - warm injera bread with a veggie medley was delicious. The sampler platter came with a basket of injera and a variety of spiced lamb and chicken dishes and veggies including beans and greens - all wonderfully flavored and lip-smacking. The food was spicy, just the way we like it. We ate with our hands, which was the perfect way to enjoy the feast before us. Living in New York, I was definitely familiar with Ethiopian cuisine but there were some flavors on my plate that I had never experienced earlier. In general the ambience and flavors had a certain authenticity to them. And for the amount of food we were served, it was a real steal.For anyone with an adventurous spirit looking for a unique dining experience in Vegas among a sea of generic joints, this is definitely a place worth checking out. Additionally, you would be supporting what seems to be a business that is owned and operated by immigrants, people of color and members of a vibrant community  - one that provides for a great cultural experience. In brief: Axum - two enthusiastic thumbs up!
