4	I visit this Walmart Neighborhood Market with great regularity as it is near my place of employment. These locations have a pretty good selection of groceries, but they are not quite as complete as the grocery sections of Walmart Superstores. The store is clean enough and the prices are generally pretty reasonable. The butcher shop is kind of a downfall as they don't allow you to get package meats to order over the counter like most stores. One big plus of these stores is the money centers. They allow you to send money around the country and internationally for far less than other outlets charge. They also have money orders for only 70 cents. These can be purchased through their ATM machines which means you don't have to wait in the grocery lines.
3	Yelp 100 Challenge * 58/100Needed some spices and spinach for dinner yesterday. After school, I dashed right across to get my ingredients in what was a clean, organized grocery store with affordable prices. In my haste, I wound up missing my aisle and approached one of the staff who willingly led me back where the spices were. Not as complete or filled with variety like Whole Foods or Fresh and Easy, but was a nice go-to for last minute goodies. Got my things in a jiffy and was out there like lightning. Will definitely go back again.
3	This is my go-to stop on the way home from work for groceries, drinks, ice, etc. Always plenty of parking and the clientele does not dissapoint. These ARE the people of Wal-Mart....and I suppose so am I. The prices on all national grocery brands is always lower here than at Smith's/Alby/Vons but of course I wouldn't eat the meat they sell here with a buddy's stomach. The produce is hit or miss also- shit thats been on a slow boat from Chile for 3 months mostly but you can't get hurt with a few limes or onions. The self checkout lines are plentiful and getting in and out of here in 10 mins or less is usually not a problem. An extra strar for the 2 employyees who tried to stop me but didn't call the cops when I stole the life-size Dos Equis dude last week.
2	It's ok.  A little dirty and unfriendly, feels a little "stabby" after sundown!
1	Imagine Walmart but with less product and vagrants allowed to approach you begging for quarters in the store...got that picture in mind?  Okay, now place another Walmart just down the street with a complete line of products and no bums.  Now explain to me the necessity of this store.Perhaps its just me, but if I were homeless and strapped for cash I'd walk down Charleston a bit and beg at the Fashion Outlet where people are spending discretionary income at will...
4	This is a neighborhood Walmart so please don't come in here thinking it's a Super Walmart. This place is great for people who live around the area & don't want to drive far. I usually stop by if I need milk, eggs or veggies very basic items. I began juicing again & the only way I could really afford it is by price matching. The staff has been nothing but friendly & I've been coming here for years. I also like that they open at 6am.
3	I was heading east on Charleston to get to the Polish Deli.  I knew that I needed some chopped onions for what I was making from the deli. Seeing the Walmart Market, I realized I wouldn't have to go past Decatur and fight the parking lot at the Walmart Supercenter just to get the onions.A few minutes later, purchase from the deli in hand, I headed west and made a quick detour to this store where I got my one item.  I was through the self check and out the door in less than 5 minutes.I'll remember this is here when I'm in need of an item or two and am in that area.
3	I'm not a fan of the Walmart chain and typically choose not to support them- but sometimes, visits are necessary. Stopped in for some emergency cat food after a late night Yelp event nearby, and was pleasantly surprised by the friendly staff, clean and organized layout, fresh produce, and good prices.Lately I've noticed an increase in cat food prices, and for the small size bag I can expect to spend $6 for nearly every brand unless I have a coupon or a sale price. Luckily, the $4 prices I usually expect were still in effect here, so I scooped up two bags.Swung by the meat department and noticed several orange "manager special" stickers on discounted turkey items (spicy sausage and Jennie O ground), which was reminiscent of Albertsons and Sprouts' meat department sales.Management was an active presence in the store, moving throughout and discussing planned product placement changes with staff, who were good about asking if I needed help locating anything.
4	As far as Walmarts go, I believe the Neighborhood Walmart is a way better shopping experience than the larger Super Store. The produce is actually fresh here & the employees dont seem frustrated and overworked like many of the Superstore employees. The do not have furniture or as much cleaning product variety, but they are great for your weekly shopping trips! This location always has some great clearance items.
1	I live near this Walmart Neighborhood Market, and along with the neighborhood, it just keeps plummeting downhill. Fast. The only reason I go as often as I do is because it is so close.There are only two employees that provide exceptional customer service. The rest seem to phone it in, or not even try. There are never enough registers open. I'd rather pay more for Febreze at Target than deal with this place regularly.
3	In general I do well here finding mostly what I need.  Sometimes I have to make another for stop, but that is because I prefer certain things to be organic.  If that is not a concern, then I am sure you'll do fine.I have found that if I shop on Sunday I tend to get about $5 back on the Savings Catcher because of the CVS/Walgreens/Rite-Aid- it is possible I am crazy, but it is just a pattern I noticed.
3	The staff there is a hit and miss they xar be awesome and resoursefull or compleat ass holes eather way i find what i need and out in a decent time
