4	Quick and inexpensive.    Their fish tacos aren't something to right home about, but I highly recommend trying their shrimp tacos or machaca burro.   Staff is friendly and keeps the restaurant clean.
4	This place is clean and the food is pretty good. Everything on the menu is pretty typical of a Mexican joint. It's a little bit more expensive than most something something bertos places. But it's worth it, because it's fresher and lighter. It's like Mrs. Chipotle and Senor Bertos forgot the gloves and give birth to Senor Taco. Thank you for joining me at the Food Porn channel. See you next time!   Buy surf and turf burrito.
1	I have passed this little place by a million times on random trips to the grocery store. Today my husband and I finally popped in for a quick, cheap lunch. While we weren't expecting Frontera Grill, we were appalled with the MOLDY breading on the fish tacos. We brought it to the attention of the gal taking orders, and were offered a replacement (pass) but no refund. We won't be back.
5	I love Senor Taco!!! I have been eating here since they opened and have never had a bad experience. The people that work here are friendly and the food is great. I really like their carnitas tacos and the special they have with a beef tamale, 3 rolled tacos and a drink for $6.95. They also have some good salsas in their salsa bar. I have heard they make great fish tacos and seafood burritos!! You also must try their cinnamon treats!!
4	Senor Taco is a cozy little place, and very clean. The ambiance is nice, and the employees are friendly.My friend and I arrived at just the right time, because minutes after our arrival there were like 3 or 4 families that walked through the door. (I noticed that none of them waiting long to receive their order.)I ordered combo #14: Two chicken flautas. It came with rice and beans, but no drink. I thought it was very tasty, especially after dressing it with salsa from their salsa bar. I was also pleased to see carrots that have been soaked in jalapeno juice. Moreover, their flour tortillas didn't taste like crappy store-bought tortillas that are full of preservatives. Still, they didn't completely taste homemade.If you're looking for fast food Mexican that isn't crappy like Taco Hell or Jack in the Crack, I recommend giving Senor Taco a try!
3	3.5 stars.... maybe 4Forget about any of the other fast food Mexican food joints.  The "Ricos", "Bertos"...  Taco Bell... etc. This place produces really good fast food/ Mexican food. The beans are great!  The rice isn't bad and the burritos are huge!  We've eaten there twice and the first time around everything was a hit. No issues with the food or the service.  The second time around... the food was still pretty good. The grilled chicken nachos were pretty greasy. the chicken... although flavorful was fatty and this set the tone for the rest of the meal.  Wasn't horrible.. just could have been better.  Do drop in and give this place a try. It isn't expensive... and you better bring an appetite....as mentioned... the portions are huge. We will go back.Hatch
4	What I love to get-Green Salsa, Carnitas are good and HUGE portion of meat on the tacos, 5 rolled tacos lunch special with drink $5, Chile Verde Burrito, Carne Asada fries are huge too.Owner is great guy, very nice and staff is good too. The food is better when he is there though, his attention to that is obvious. My staff love Senor Taco's Grande Breakfast Burrito-hold the sour cream- that thing is Ginourmous and they split it. I prefer my chorizo and papas. Overall, still not that place I am seeking to replace what I miss from LA, but in my top 5 for AZ.
2	Just not really impressed by this place... I like tacos like all other red blooded Arizonians BUT eh... I've had better. This was nothing more than another Mexican-American Fast food place Also I was surprised this was pretty pricey in my opinion especially since you can get the same thing at any of the million "___bertos" drive thru taco joints and cheaper (Filbertos,Humbertos,Losbertos, etc.) ... ;-( Sorry Senor, I won't be back.
5	def one of the most authentic fast food places around. service is always a 10/10 and the food is at least a 9.5/10 every single time. i have never had a bad experience in any way shape or form. prices are pretty reasonable. a little more than the filiberto type places but the quality is way above and beyond!!! be wary of the one on estrella and the one on mcdowell though.
4	Love it.  It is much better food than many of the sit down places in Denver.  I would give it higher ratings, but I am assuming AZ is a hotbed of good Mexican cuisine.
5	Beans, rice and cheese burrito with a 24oz drink for $2.99 plus tax
3	This place was clean, the menu looked OK, and the people at the register were nice. Unfortunately the food was just OK. The meat in my carnitas wasn't flavorful. Their green salsa was pretty good
5	Seriously delicious breakfast burros!  I got the steak and egg and my husband got the California Surfing burro. He loooooved it with the spicy chipotle sauce, carne asada & shrimp. Wish one was closer to our home in north Peoria.
2	I was not impressed with this place. I ordered a 2 taco combo one carne asada and one pollo asado. The taco shells were thick and hard. The meat was bland. I had to put lots of sauce on it to give it some spice. Also, I ordered tortilla chips and a drink. My total was $11.48. I could've gone to a nice sit down restaurant and received something that tasted much better for what I paid. Next time I will drive the extra 3 miles to go to chipotle when I'm craving tacos.
5	Great food, great price.
4	Delicious you have to try combo #20. Its awesome! ;-)
1	Disgusting food! Tastes like frozen food that was reheated.. Only thing good were the chips. Will not return!
1	No good!!! If you want good mexican food go to DON PANCHO it on central in Avondale not far from this location ..WORTH THE GAS!!!
3	I'll start this by saying I have been here on 4 separate occasions and every time I just get tacos.  No frills, no beans, rice, chips, etc.  I see those as pretty much just filler and I'd rather not.  So this is about their tacos... that being said I'd like to try their breakfast burrito sometime since its received such good reviews. I have tried their carne asada, pollo, and fish tacos.  So far, my favorites are the steak and fish.  They are quite good, but I wouldn't say they're amazing.  They come double wrapped in corn tortillas (which I love) and a rather large helping of meat per taco.  I usually pound tacos like its my job but 2 is plenty for me here.  To me, on of the keys to a great taco is the cilantro, so I ask for extra and they heap it on!  The meat is pretty good, but I can see how some would call it bland.  It would be great if they spiced it on the grill.  The fish tacos are beer battered, but I have a feeling they are frozen.  So whatever, its a pretty good place for lunch, but I don't really want to try anything else on the menu as it looks pretty dang cheap.  Oh, and they do have a military discount, which is always a plus for me.  So, there you have it:Good, but not great.  I've heard Don Pancho is the place to try.  Looking forward to my first taco there.  (Did I mention I love tacos?)
4	Ordered take out from this place a few days ago. I had the beef enchilada, beef taco with rice and beans. My husband had the shrimp enchiladas with rice and beans. The beef enchilada meat was seasoned perfectly as were the refried beans. The beef taco meat however didnt seem to have any seasoning. The meat was good but just no flavor really. I would assume they would use the same seasoned shredded beef for the taco that they used on the enchilada but I guess not. Either way the food was very fresh and flavorful minus the beef in my taco. Prices were good for the amount of food you get. Service was a bit bla, but I was ordering take out anyways. Will definetly return to try out the rest of the menu.
4	I'm working out at Litchfield Park this month so I finally had a chance to try Senior Taco--a place that always seems packed at their Fountain Hills location the times I am up there. This is sort of a Filiberto's-style place. It is fast food, it has a similar menu. The prices are similar. However, the food was quite different. I tried three things, trying some of each and bringing some back to the office with me. First, the carne asada torta. I would say this is the most similar in flavor to Filibertos. Not bad, but not super great. It would have benefited from more meat and less guacamole. I also had a shredded beef, hard-shell taco. This was quite a bit different than Filiberto's and, in my opinion, better. They did not fry it as much, and it had a lot more cheese than I usually get at Filibertos. I also had the carne asada soft taco. The size was large and it was very good. Nothing here is super great, but the tacos were especially yummy. Service, cleanliness and all of the rest were average or above for a fast food restaurant. I give it 3.5 stars--leaning toward four due to the size of the dishes for the price.
3	If you have to eat in a pinch go for it...nothing special but I would eat there again if in need for fuel.But not even close to some taco's from Mexico or So-Cal :) Nom nom nom nom
5	I'm going to weigh in here after eating on the other side of town at a more expensive restaurant. We love this place and eat here when we want Mexican.We should have come here tonight!  It is informal, fast food but the fish tacos are really good and the food comes ready for you to spice yourself over at the salsa bar (great idea!). Flavors are always good, the food quality is high for this kind of a place and it is very competitively priced.
5	Excellent food with large portion sizes and very polite employees. You will leave with your stomach full and not spend a lot.
5	Carne Asada Burrito A++
4	Best Mexican food in the area.
2	Mediocre food that took well over 30 minutes to get. I wasn't the only one that night. Most people left pretty pissed. Maybe it was an off night, but I felt like I've had way better food from Chipotle and some chain restaurants for the same price and in a reasonable time frame.  Skip this place and keep looking!
4	Great food.  The Hashbrown Breakfast burrito is the best!  The chips and salsa are the best in the area, we order them to go for parties.  If they served beer they'd have gotten the 5th star. (and I probably wouldn't eat any place else) :-)
4	Really great food for a great price! Everything I've ordered has been delicious  but I love their battered fish tacos. The seasoned rice is always light and fluffy, making a nice complement to the meal.  Everything is flavorful and the salsa bar has something for all tastes. It's such an affordable, fast, and convenient place. Crazy to get such quality food for the same price as a typical fast food meal. Only marking them one star off for the decor of the eating area; not bad but could be a little more inviting.
4	Every Friday night this is what we get at home!!HUGE California burrito for me and I LOVE IT!! Homemade tortillas, lots of food for an excellent price. I need my Senor Taco fix every week! YUM!! Great prices, lots of food... Mmmmm... I'm craving it now!
5	1st time there & definitely not the last!! Very yummy! Had breakfast burritos. Can't wait to try enchiladas, tacos, etc.... The other reviews helped a lot in making my decision to try it out.... Thx to all!!
1	I love me some good Mexican food and I have to say Senior Taco is one of my favorites, but this location sucks! The food is way to greasy, the service is POOR and the atmosphere is not welcoming at all! If you want good Senior Taco food, service, and an inviting atmosphere head west to the location off Estrella south of the 10!!! Way better for sure!
1	DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE AT NIGHT!!! My wife and I came here because their sign outside said open till 10pm and we happened to be out for a late dinner, so we decided to stop here. We ordered our food at 9:15pm and got the food ten minutes later, and when we got it, it was packaged like a to-go order. I didn't make a big deal out of it so I took it to our table and started to open the styrofoam trays. When the cashier seen us about to eat, she says to us "You can't eat here, were about to close". So i informed her that their sign said closed at 10pm. She pretty much argued with me saying no, it says 9:30(even after I literally went outside and pointed to it)I have never been forced to leave a restaurant like that! Usually a restaurant will just lock the doors preventing further customers to come in. The employees were rude about it, and when my wife called the next day to talk to the owner, he showed no concern. Great way to lose business!!It pretty much ruined our dinner which was cold and soggy by the time we got home. Just beware...
4	Loved this place!  Passed by and decided to give it a try.  Staff was real nice and food was very good - all of us ordered something different and enjoyed it!
5	Been here several times. Love the Menudo on the weekends! The girls upfront always have a smile. Surf and turf is a great one too!
5	Awesome food, affordable, and great service all in the same place. Wow you got to try this place..
5	Beans, carne asada, great service, & hot food...not to mention it's CHEAP! I don't care where you go...the carne asada is less fatty & the beans are the best!!!!! MMMMM MMMMM
