5	It was my first Chick-Fil-A experience ever!I loved it.  The service was SOOOO NICE!  Everybody who worked there had such a pleasant attitude.  Being from Miami, the city of terrible service, I was just knocked out by the service alone.  They brought our food to the table so we wouldn't have to wait the 2mins it would take to put it together.  The place was spotless.  Clean as a whistle!The food was great.  I had the Spicy Chicken Sandwich.  Caliente party in my mouth!  The waffle fries win, win, win, no matter what!  Fresh lemonade?!?!  Seriously!I'm sad because there aren't any near me.  :'-(
3	Love the staff they are awesome!! The managers are rude! They Need to look into new management!
4	Staff here is great... I think that makes it so much better for dining experiences.  I haven't run into any of the managers yet... I'm so used to the old sckool you get the food at the counter and bring it to your table, I'm still a little uncomfortable with them bringing it to us... they still manage to do it with a long line, which makes it that much nicer... but I could go either way.This location is near my office so... I try to go for breakfast and a late lunch.... it gets super busy right around lunch time so I just avoid the rush.
4	Chick-Fil-A as a whole has great staff, but this location in particular has staff that go above and beyond.  I wish I could put my finger on it.  Most CFA locations are friendly... sometimes.  But if they get busy, it goes out the window (not the drive-through).Now they are friendly and all at those other locations - but do they walk around and refill drinks or pick up trays and ask if you need anything?  Only if they are looking to keep busy.At this store, it seems to happen all the time.  It could be at opening, at closing, even at the lunch rush.  There are employees out asking if you need any sauces, a refill or whatever - they are always out making sure you are taken care of at any time of day.  It is almost a full-service restaurant.The only thing that could make it better is if they were a bit easier to get into and out of, but that is mostly the fault of the center, not CFA.  And if they were open on Sunday.  Why do I always want a Spicy Chicken Biscuit on Sunday?
5	I have been frequenting this location for a while now.  The staff are aways courteous and prompt and service is always pleasant.  Yes, they will bring you more condiments and bring your food to the table, if necessary.  If I need assistance, I don't have to look far and I LOVE THAT!  Perhaps there may be too many people working at one time, but it works because service is always prompt and courteous.  Thank you Chick-Fil-A for having a restaurant location I can aways count on to make me feel wecomed.  I have to agree with Chad E.  The only thing that can be improved at this location is the parking.  If you park in front, you have to cross the drive-through to get into the store, and the drive-through it is always busy.
5	Short & sweet...the service here can't possibly get any better (yes it's that good).  They are so friendly that I want to leave them a tip even when I'm going through the drive through.  They have better customer service than a lot of restaurants.I eat here more for breakfast mainly because I LOVE the chicken minis which I think they should serve all day because they are so tasty.And the new ketchup packets rock :)
4	I mean really, who doesn't love a well-cooked piece of chicken, packed between vegetables, and in a bun. You have to love the idea that there is luxury in every bite, I mean it's a darn good sandwich.  I live in Seattle, we have no Chick-Fil-A... we don't get to taste this wonderful delight, that make people line up in cars, bleeding into parking lot of the neighboring Office Depot, blocking traffic, and generally proving that if you are hungry, there is no good reason to go anywhere else, because you have it right here. Take the Deluxe Chick-Fil-A sandwich. The juicy chicken meat is cooked perfectly, in a light batter, and with cheese, lettuce, tomato... you can't best this simplicity, or the flavor; why would you want to go anywhere else for lunch.  You get some darn good waffle fries, and a soda.  Sure, it's not the healthiest thing out there, but sure beats any burger, in terms of what a good lunch seems, but it won't leave you moody or in a coma. Here's where we are, you want to be here, simple, because it's good tasting fast food.
4	Place to go for chicken lovers
4	As with any Chick-Fil-A, this place is ALWAYS crowded, especially on Saturdays.  And as with any Chick-Fil-A, the service is phenomenal no matter how crowded it is.  Yea its a notch pricey-er than your standard fast food spot (esp. their breakfast) , but the TASTE and Quality are a notch above your standard fast food fare as well.The chicken-tenders are awesome.  The milkshakes (STRAWBERRY) are amazing.  I'm a huge fan of the chicken breakfast burrito and the CHICKEN MINIS  ...and always remember; Chick-Fil-A is ALWAYS CLOSED ON SUNDAYS!
4	Chik-Fil-A = good chicken, good service.You don';t have to pay a management consultant to tell you why this place is packed and successfull.  McD, KFC and all them other place, needs to come here and take a look.This place does very simple things to make the entire experience good. Like every CFA , the lunch crowd descends upon the drive thru, and this place is smart enough to have 2 workers come outside and take orders.  Thus shortening the line and expediting the delivery of food.  Simple, helpful and profitable..
2	Maybe I came on a bad night? Drive thru was pretty quick and I received friendly service. I ordered a meal and a milkshake and was told I would need to pull up a little to wait on my milkshake. I begin to munch on my fries and they were lukewarm. The milk shake was taking long so I begin eating my room temp nuggets. I'm not the type of person to send back food if I don't find if hot enough so I suck it up and eat it and wait for my shake. About 7minutes later I send the boyfriend in to get my milkshake and they told him that they thought we drove off so it was just sitting there and they didn't even remake it. Of course it was milky and melted. I've given up on most fast food places in the University Area because of awful service and quality and it looks Chick Fil A will be added to the list.
4	My first day back enjoying this restaurant     now they have decided to remove themselves from the intimate relationships of Americans.The store was clean, employees were efficient and pleasant. What a great experience.
3	This place was too hype for me. I went in thinking I can get a fried chicken meal. But only to find they serve chicken sandwich and chicken nuggets.We got the spicy chicken sandwich with fries. It was delicious but curious to what had happened to the lettuce and tomato and a beat up bun. The meat was delicious and a pickle to add a kick to the sandwich. But nothing that I will crave and order again.The fries was quite amazing and cut into waffles shape. It wasn't nothing special but the waffle shape added volume and crunch.Would I come back...I don't think so. But for those who wants to try. The service in this location is top notch and very kind and accommodating. The place is clean and well kept, they were quick with the orders from the drive thru and line up inside. So keep up the good job, but need a better presentation of food to get returning customers.
