3	Phil's Tavern is a very casual, mediocre bar in uptown Charlotte. It seemed to be a pretty good mix of people, a college-type crowd and some middle agers as well. It is probably one of the few places that can mix Violent Femmes with 50 cent and have it just sort of work. This bar seemed to be a good place to start off the night, which is pretty much what we did here. We came, we had a few beers, and we were on our way.  My word of advice would be to leave before you have to go to the bathroom, because the stalls don't lock and it's a little gross in there. Another piece of advice: don't order a guiness here if this is your normal beer of choice. It is poured very quickly, all at once into a plastic cup, and if you do get it anyway don't expect to be spoiled with a cute little shamrock on top. One interesting part of our time here was the huge, almost 5 ft tall fan in the back - watching several drunken patrons standing in front of it giving their best model impressions was hysterical!
3	Tiny little pub, very casual and the bartenders are nice.  You've got your well heeled tourists, scruffy locals, gay kids and gang bangers all crammed together wondering what the hell is going on.  It's an amazing moment to suddenly be here, get drunk and then just as quickly spin off out into the rest of the city to carry on with who knows what the heck you were trying to do in the first place.  But you remember that weird little bar with the claustrophobic energy being right in the middle of it all.
3	Phil's is a tiny little bar tucked away just off the main strip. While this bar is nothing special in terms of dance, booze specials, or crowd, Phil's makes up for it in other ways. There is usually a cover, &amp; a live DJ attempts to get things going on a tiny dance floor. There is really not much room to stand around, so if you can't capture a table or booth, be prepared to be crammed.But the main reason most people go to Phil's is for the bartenders. I don't think you'll find a better looking group of bartenders in Charlotte. This is what Phil's prides itself on, so expect a couple beautiful girls behind the bar. But just remember what the guy to gal ratio is going to look like when the main attraction is bartending beauties.
2	Strange little place hidden on 5th St. in uptown that for some reason stays packed. Of course, it's not really hard to pack this place, as small as it is. It does seem to be popular though, probably mainly due to the scenery of the bartenders. Unfortunately, you only get a glimpse of them as you grab a drink and try to stay out of the crush. And good luck getting back to your group or your table without spilling half of your drink, if you are lucky enough to find a place to sit.Live bands and, more often, DJs are in there spinning some decent tunes, but Phil's is more often a staging point for the rest of the evening, a springboard to bigger places and better things.
1	A few weeks ago, a few friends and myself rolled in here to check this place out.  I walked up to the bar and immediately ordered a bottled beer, which cost about 4 bucks which I thought was a little steep. I then proceeded to glance around the bar and almost immediately realized that we had made a poor decision. I'm no xenophobe, but a cursory glance of the bar area led me to believe that I was in the middle of a UN convention in uptown Charlotte.  I have no problems with "gays and gangbangers" as reviewer Jason L referenced, but it is definitely not my crowd.The bar is undersized, old, dirty, and generally an undesirable place to congregate.  Other reviews have commented on the attractiveness of the bartenders and I will not deny that, but if your sole reason for going to a bar is for the attractive women that work there, then I recommend going over to the establishment on E. Morehead St.Needless to say, I will not be going back to this place.
3	Small, little bar tucked away on 5th. Came here with a friend who lives in town. We were disappointed that we were given a "late night" menu at 7pm??? The server said it was because it was a slow night, but to me that seemed kind-of early. The place was clean and the servers were friendly. We got some free beer from a Miller promotion. The "late night" food was your basic bar stuff and fine for the price. The best part was the look the bartender gave us when we asked for Olympic ice skating on the big screen. If I lived here, I think it'd be a fun place to start the night.
2	I think I might have been the first person to go to Phil's for a bite to eat.  Ever.  Definitely more a bar - though the business name here is "tavern", they have a sign that says "deli".  I'm not sure I'd call them a deli.  Not by a long shot.  They have food, and they even have subs, but a deli?  I don't think so.  You go to a deli, and you expect a fat greasy guy named Tony to slice some meat and slap it on a roll.  Not some coed to take all your money.Nonetheless, we were there hanging out - with the kids, actually - after I gave blood prior to the Zombie Walk.  Decided to get a bite since we picked up a discount due to the blood drive.  There is a tiny little area for dining if you don't want the total bar vibe.  And when I say tiny, I mean tiny.  I think it was one table.The rest of the place is really a bar.  Or tavern if you want to feel more upscale.Service wasn't too hot.  Or maybe it was hot if you're into that scene.  But it wasn't very good.  They were nice enough and all, but they were definitely not into serving a family of four food - they were wanting to get back to the bar (tavern, sorry) side and generate some better tips.Despite a proclamation on the menu that they had been rated "uptown's best burgers", I wasn't all that impressed.  Maybe I'm burgered out.  It wasn't bad, but like many places they let it cook too long.  Some of the rest of the family enjoyed it, but ultimately we decided that they liked the grease, not the juice (and there is a difference!).  The meat itself was dry - anyone can get greasy burgers.  It's more of a challenge to make it tasty and juicy.Sweet Tea Report: Blech.  Possibly the worst in town.  I have had unsweetened tea at places that was sweeter than this stuff.  I will drink most anything in front of me and I didn't even finish half a glass.  Bottom of the barrel.
3	Don't walk by too fast, you may miss Phil's!Went here on Wednesday - more to buy tickets for an upcoming Halloween event, but ended up hanging out and eating dinner.... well, not exactly dinner - but they have 1/2 price apps on Wednesday nights along with $1 miller lites so it was an "affordable" evening.We had their cheese fries w/ ranch; chicken nachos; and wings.  Probably not the healthiest choices, but it was bar food none the less and it feed the hunger monster for the time being while we were there hanging out.The place itself is definitely a small bar, has some charm.  They keep it nice and dark for atmosphere.  The wait staff wasn't the quickest, but the bar wasn't really slammed either.... oh well.  The only other thing to mention is that Phil's is surrounded by other bars beside it and it is very easy to pass or go into the wrong door if you are aiming to get there.
1	You may end up here on Sat night if all the other area bars are busy.I'm not going to come down too hard on this place because it wasn't my choice to come here. One of the locals led a group of guys here initially just to have 'one shot'. He lives in the Avenue and knows the bar owner and several of the staff.  We got quick and efficient service at a great priceand ended up staying for a few rounds of beers after a round of shots.This place is rough, watch your back, There is a lot of drama and the kind of place where testosterone mixed with alcohol can make for a volatile mix.
1	What the hell, Phil's Tavern? Every time I come here (usually before a show), things just don't work out. I wanted them to, but they just didn't.FOOD: The only food I've tried here were the jalapano poppers, and then I never tried anything here again. How do you burn something in a deep fryer? Normally I'd just be impressed, but I was hungry. DRINKS: Their drink specials are nothing to write home about. The dirty martini was weak, and the tiny, shrivelled, Spanish olives skewerd on a coffee stir did not impress. At least it was only $5. Unfortunately, the Corona of the person I was with only cost fifty cents less than that. $4.50 for a warm Corona? Do not want.SERVICE: Nice, but few and far between.ATMOSPHERE: Dank, dirty, sticky... these are only a few of the descriptors for this place. I fear the day where I will have no choice but to use the facilities here.Overall: Don't waste your time and money. I hear there's better places in this area, I just need to find them.
2	Rudest bartender I've ever had
5	When I die, I want my ashes scattered at Phil's.Sports on television; decent music; cheap beer specials; convenient uptown location; and friendly, attractive waitresses.  I'm not sure what else you could ask for?For those of you wondering where the deli is, in this Deli-Tavern, it is simple:  At lunchtime, it's a deli--anything with pastrami or corned beef is decent on the menu.  In the evening, it's a tavern--eat before you drink, unless you want appetizers (which are half price from 4-6).
3	If you like to drink with 18-21 yr old girls - this might be your place.  If you want to chill with a mature crowd - go elsewhere.  However, the beer is cheap and the bartenders work effortlessly at preparing cocktails.  I'll go back - if I'm drunk...
3	Phil's is a small sports bar just off the beaten path. Had the bacon cheese burger w hand cut chips. Burger was juicy and well seasoned, but didn't taste the applewood bacon nor cheese. Chips were good, but half of them were not fully cooked. Beer and service excellent. Come for drinks. Don't come hungry ;-)
1	Paul and Chad could not be more right. This place is THE dive bar of Charlotte. Looks and feels as greasy and grimy as it smells. I had no idea they served food until these reviews mentioned it. I do not even know if they have a bathroom. I frequent a lot of the uptown bars for a few drinks before it's time to go home every weekday. I went to Phil's a total of 3 times. The first time I went I got 2 beers, drank them, attempted to pay but was told they can't run my card without at least $10 ran, so after ordering a shot to bring my bill up to par, I paid and left. I assume this is why a bottled 12oz is $4 and Miller Lite is always on 'special'. No one said anything other than "hi, whatcha drinkin?", "another one?" and "that's all for ya?". The second time, it was trivia night. It seemed fun so I took a few pics of the place, the bartender, people playing trivia and the specials board. I paid for my beers with cash and left. I went back a few days later and was quickly "greeted" by the brontosaurus behind the bar. "I heard you were taking pictures of us the last time you were here. You are not welcome here and need to leave." Now I've been kicked out of bars before, but it's because I did something wrong (got in a fight, threw up somewhere, etc), so this was a first. There were 2 people at the bar who quickly looked up and started looking me up and down. Thinking there was no good way to explain myself monosyllabically enough for her to understand, I said "yes ma'am" and took my leave, laughing at the situation. Everything would have been fine except as I was leaving I overheard her mumble "pervert". In hindsight I can see where I may have used poor judgement, or should have asked if it was ok first. And for that I am sorry. But she did not even attempt to speak to me before publicly jumping to conclusions she "heard" insinuating I was taking lewd pictures for my own personal pleasure. The bartenders are nothing except a lifeless ordinary, working to earn cash and doing a bad job at trying. There are other establishments near here that offer more for less, with decent conversation and pleasant aromas. For as slow as this place always seemed to be, I can't imagine why the staff are quick to judge. But perhaps that's the normal clientele that frequents this establishment, and I can see why. I obviously will never be back. If you do not want to be looked at and judged when you walk in and then talked about disparagingly when you leave, stay as far away from here as possible. There are MUCH better places that will give you fantastic service, and a conversation for a fraction of your overall cost.
3	Phil's is what Phil's is,A DIVE Bar. It's a little bar tucked in next to other bars. They usually have a drink special every day, and yes you get it served to you in a plastic cup. I have never came here to experience the DELI portion of what they claim to offer. I have tried their fried pickles and seen other people eating food here. But that's not really what I come to Phil's for. I come for the atmosphere. There is such a mix of people in here at night and it is a great place to 'people watch', have a drink with your friends, and listen to the DJ (who plays some awesome music). This place is small and can get cramped, but it's fun and that's really the bottom line, all that matters is that when you get here, you have a good time.
5	I'm from Chicago suburbs, so I'm used to townie dive bars and this place is great! The service was great! Richard, the manager was fantastic and made us feel at home. They were playing the Hawks game on the tvs and any bar playing the Hawks is a bar of mine! You HAVE to try the virtual bowling game! So much fun!!
3	My friend and I stopped in Phil's for a bite to eat before seeing a play at the Belk theater.  We enjoyed the food and drinks and the DIVE feel.  The owner seemed really nice but the waitresses were hard to flag down.  The second time we were there was on a Friday night and there were about 5 people at the bar so we sat at the table right behind the bar.  Never got served in the 10 minutes we were there so we left and walked in the rain to another bar.  We will probably stop in there again but if the service doesn't get any better then we will find another DIVE.
2	Not the place to be. Crowd was dull . Music was ok
1	This place is terrible , never go here ever. It was 5 people in there I ordered some wings and the bar wench forgot about me. It took an hour to get my mediocre wings.
3	The place feels like an old bar. I went there with a group of work folks so I got to see a variety of sandwiches hot and cold.Phil has lots of different sandwiches that you can try, I don't really have a favorite since I am trying to find something new every time I go to a place.I gave this place 3 stars because it is a nice place. Sorta away from the people out side and streets. I will come back to it again to try other sandwiches.
3	We ended up here for a quick bite and some drinks before a show at TWC Arena on New Years Eve.  Drinks were strong and cheap and service was fast and friendly even though they were swamped.  I opted for the French Dip, hubby got the Reuben and we both very much enjoyed them, as well as the homemade potato chips (they were worth the upcharge).  The only thing preventing me from giving 4 stars was the strong sewage backup smell that plagued us and nearby patrons during our meals.  Maybe it was just the tables on the side near the restrooms?  I'd probably come back, but I'd sit as far away from the bathrooms as possible next time.
1	So we have had an ant in our drink, watched bartenders touch people's food and a bouncer refused to kick out a guy who showed His junk to girls. Classiest place ever.
5	Under new ownership and management! Great staff, surprisingly tasty food and awesome drink specials! 5.00 red bull and vodka uptown!
4	The staff where very friendly.  Atmosphere is nice. Friendly people and the food was good.
