4	You know how hard it is to find good sushi in Mesa...right? I like Temari,  but sometimes want a change without having to drive to Scottsdale, or, heaven forbid, suffer the indignity of eating a "krab" roll at one of the many "bigbox" china buffets in the area.  :-)  I just found out Sekai Sushi existed the other day...tucked away next to JoAnn Fabrics adjacent to Target.  So, I stopped in for a couple of maki rolls for lunch a few days ago.  The price was right and the taste was there too, so I went back last night to see how their sashimi and more adventurous rolls are. First off, if you Google Sekai Sushi you can find some reviews that bash this place on a couple of different fronts. Most point to poor (and unfriendly) service and decor.  I did not find that to be the case at all. We were greeted with a friendly hello and big smiles from the host and the sushi chef (dude? guy?).  The decor is also just fine. No it's not Stingray or Ra, but it is tastefully decorated and clean. It also isn't cramped like Sekana or Temari, which is nice.Started off with salmon sashimi. It was excellent.  Very fresh, clean, buttery taste, and it melted in my mouth. Some of the best quality I have found in the Phoenix area.  Next stop was a Las Vegas roll, along with shrimp tempura roll.  The flavors were there, but the construction was a little lacking as they weren't as tight as they should have been.  Next time I will order more traditional rolls as I saw some go out that looked very well constructed.  I finally tried some nagiri because I felt I must....ha.   I had the hamachi (yellowtail) and I have to say, that it was the best I have ever had.  Supremely fresh, with a velvety (sp?) texture that made my eyes roll back in my head. Good stuff.   I then ended the meal with some green tea ice cream that was better than average.Soooo....my final thoughts.  I will be going back to Sekai Sushi.  The quality of the food along with the price make this a very attractive sushi option in Mesa.  Regarding the price....the dinner I described above along with two large Asahi's....under $40.  You can't beat that with a stick.
4	I've been going to this sushi place for years.  It is easily the best, locally owned, sushi place in Mesa.  It's in a large 20+year old strip mall and Sekai just recently celebrated their 10th anniversary.  Which shows you that they have a good base of fans to support their culinary efforts.  It's not the typical hip happening sushi joint of today's golden sushi bar age.  But that's just fine with me.  The TVs with the karaoke music does get a bit old, but that not why I eat here.  The owner is always there and she is very welcoming and nice.  She is a jack-of-all trades as well and I've seen her backing up the sushi chefs, waiting tables and running food.They do enough business to keep the fish fresh and prices down which makes for a very good meal at what I consider value sushi prices.  Everything I have tried, which is just about all of it has been as good if not better than other more hyped sushi joints around town.We make regular Friday night visits and it is a good place to meet up with our extended local family.  So, its great for groups. But call ahead on Fri-Sat to ensure you can get a large enough table.Favorites here are the Sushi Boat ($35) which has 4 rolls and a good selection of nigiri sushi making this the best value on the menu.  All the standards are excellent (hamachi, maguro, tako, etc.).  The spicy tuna handroll doesn't disappoint.Other non-sushi favorites include the Mackerel is wonderful and we have enjoyed the udon, gyoza and tempura.  Don't forget the edamame.They have a full bar offering but I have never ordered a cocktail here.  Only beer and sake.  Good selection of Japanese bottles and they stock my favorite (Asahi Extra Dry).I'm all about the locally owned especially when it can compete and beat the chains.  Forget about the new Ra sushi on Val Vista and give this one a try. Highly Recommended
5	I've been goin here off and on for years thru 2 different owners.  It's just kinda far, but the drive is worth it just for 1 of their baked mussels.  Fresh sushi and katsu.  What else do u want?
4	When I first moved back to the East Valley after a long stint in California the first thing I asked was, WHERE IS THE SUSHI? I needed a fix and fast. I figured my sushi eating days were over when I left the Golden State. On a recommendation from a friend of a friend who's lived in the area for a long time, we ended up at Sekai Sushi. I had my doubts. I thought there was no way an excellent sushi bar could be in a strip mall in the heart of Mesa but I was seriously impressed from the minute I walked in. The chefs are always super nice, the servers are attentive, and the fish and rolls are fantastic. Everything is very fresh.
1	Seriously, if this is good sushi in Arizona, I don't want any more sushi in Arizona.  First, no fresh fish menu.  I asked about aji, shiro mutsu, etc (pretty standard fare) and the server and chefs both gave me blank stares.  Uh oh.  So I ordered uni, hamachi, smoked sake (I know.  I know.  I only ordered it because if it was all going to be bad, I might as well have something that is pretty difficult to be less than smoked salmon), and saba.  Start with the oily fish first, so saba.  Pretty fishy, but that is to be expected.  Next, the uni.  Creamy and a little fishy rather than sweet, but I've had much worse.  Then the smoked sake.  Well, if you like lox, you'll love it.  Finally, the hamachi, which tasted like saba.  The cooked dishes were forgettable, but not terrible.  I've never been so disappointed in a $40 check.  I could have had Outback!
5	Owners are Korean, so go with someone who speaks Korean and you'll be "in." Even if not, this is the best sushi you'll find in the area. The location is a little bit tucked away in the mall. As for the special from the owner and see what they can make you. It's always creative. Service may be a bit slow but the quality is amazing.
4	Great sushi rolls and salads (try the squid!).  Can get price-y, and the portions are smaller than I am used to getting at other restaurants.  (I was just glad to have someone else pay for lunch!)  The chefs were quick and friendly.  It's always nice to see Asian sushi chefs working the counters.
4	My husband and I have been going to Sekai for years. We haven't been going as often since we moved out to Tempe, but we try to stop in once a month or so. Moon, the owner, is as sweet as pie and always tells us to "Enjoy dinner!". The baked green mussels are yummy, and so is the squid salad. For sushi rolls, you can't go wrong with the Killer Roll (eel roll topped with salmon, drizzled with eel sauce) and the Phoenix Roll (Crab mix, cream cheese, salmon, and some others deep fried). If they're not on the menu, write them down on the bottom, and you'll get them. The sushi chefs are always friendly and have been more than happy to make a custom roll for me (salmon and yellowtail is pretty good, as is unagi and yellowtail). I'm probably one of the very few who adores the cheesy karaoke videos and music that play.
5	Sekai Sushi keeps it simple, so I will do the same with my review:The place is cleanEveryone was friendlyIt wasn't crowded at all (Sunday evening)The prices were average (for sushi)But the food was fantastic.It's a little hard to find, pushed to the back of the shopping center (which also seems to be rather nice and clean) but if you're in the neighborhood, two people can eat very well for $40 after tip.Thumbs up
3	Well after reading the reviews I decided to check out this new to me sushi joint.  I am a hard judge on sushi as I am from Seattle and have eaten a lot of fresh and amazing rolls.With that said on to the review.  I just thought this place was eh.  I started with the usual pot-stickers which were totally pre-frozen like I can get at the store and make at home.  -1 starNext I got my Miso soup it was typical miso so nothing to cheer or talk bad about. Finally my two rolls came out.  I ordered both off the special rolls list.  First was the Dec. 29th roll.  I asked about why it was called that and my waitress seemed like I was the first to ever ask that and had no answer other than that's what it's always been called. -1 star.  It was ok decent flavor and decent presentation lots of rice.  Last roll comes out and it's my baked CH3.  I learned why the 3 was in the name there were only 3 pieces for $8.95.  I was a bit disappointed then I took a bite.  It totally made up for it the baked Halibut and crab and avocado exploded goodness in my mouth and I was happy this was my finale.  So overall it's not bad but totally not in my top 5 best sushi places in Phoenix and surrounding areas.  If your close stop in try the CH3 roll and you will probably leave happy.
2	OK; here is my input.  I have been here maybe 4-6 times over the last 15 years.  Still an "average" place for sushi and Japanese food.  The prices are slightly on the high side, but not outrageous.  The entrees and combos (teishoku) are average.  But the reason why I keep coming back (yes I know, not that often) is because my wife is a shrimp tempura freak and she says that they have the best tempura in the Phoenix Metroplex.  I have to agree...there are no good Japanese restaurants that know how to make good shrimp tempura.  Every watch that chef on Iron Chef?  Masaro Marumoto (???).  He always tells you how to make good tempura.  Whenever we go out-of-town, we got to go to a good tempura place to satisfy my wife.
3	Oh my!  I'm really torn when it comes to rating this place.  We went here on the recommendations we got from Mesa Yelpers who said that it was one of the best sushi joints in Mesa...We were in town to visit with our daughter.  She had wanted to go to a sushi restaurant but didn't know where to go.  Thanks to fellow Yelpers we got some suggestions.  We chose Sekai out of all the suggestions for two reasons: 1) It gets good reviews here; and 2) For us anyway, it was very easy to find and to get to.We went on a weekday about 5:30 p.m. and when we got there, we were the only customers.  We were warmly greeted and the service was excellent---very attentive!  The waitress brought training chopsticks to the table for the preschoolers and even suggested a dish for them for dinner.  She suggested chicken donburi and split an order between the two.  The kids liked their meal and loved using the training chopsticks.My daughter and I ordered the deluxe sushi dinner.  My husband, who loves tuna sushi, was very disappointed to see that there was no tuna sushi/sashimi dinner.  The only way to get an all-tuna meal was to order a la carte.  In fact, we only saw 4 sushi dinners on the entire menu!So..my husband ordered the tempura dinner and my son-in-law ordered chicken teriyaki.  The tempura was well cooked and came with a side dish that looked like cole slaw but had a sesame oil flavor to it.  The chicken teriyaki looked nothing like teriyaki.  Chicken teriyaki normally comes as a chicken breast that is grilled and cut into strips.  At Sekai, it was small chunks of chicken coated in a thin sauce.As for the sushi --- it was okay --- not the worst I ever had but far from the best.  I rate it better than the sushi found in all you can eat buffets such as Todai and I rate it better than downscale supermarket sushi.  That said, I have had far better quality sushi elsewhere.  The deluxe sushi dinner came with 4 tuna rolls which were very wide pieces with tuna that was *meh* both in taste and quality.  Also included in the dinner---some nigiri pieces---shrimp, fake crabmeat, clam and eel.  Of all the pieces, I rate the clam to be the most interesting as I never had it before.So...in conclusion...I was impressed with the friendly and attentive service.  In fact, I did notice that as the place got busier, many of the customers were regulars who were warmly greeted by the staff.  That, IMO, is one of the best ways to build a loyal customer base.As for the sushi...perhaps it is as good as it gets in Mesa---that's why I was torn as to how many stars to give my review.  Would we go back?  I don't know...
2	Went for my second time this weekend, but not because the first time was good and I wanted to go back - someone else chose. The first time I had the ramen and it wasn't very good. I remember having left sort of let down and still hungry because I didn't want to finish what I ordered. This time I went with sushi. I got the dragon roll, spicy tuna and eel w/avocado. I'm no sushi expert, but I wasn't terribly impressed. The dragon roll was the best of the three, mostly because it was large and fried. It was all just alright. I've had better.
5	Love this Place!!! The chef really knows what he is doing. It is always a hit every time I go there.  I truly love this place it is a great place for sushi! The Miso soup is awesome, my daughter sometimes can not get enough of it, I will admit sometimes neither can I.
4	I have to be honest, I have my boyfriend to thank for finding this place. He's been going here for a long time. Now, I love it. Solid sushi for decent prices. Plus the staff is pretty friendly. I've had the katsu in the dinner combination before. It's tasty and you get lots of food (salad, miso soup, rice, etc.).But really the fish is what we go here for. The pieces are huge and fresh. Tuna, eel and salmon nigiri are my favorites. They serve the salmon with lemon and it really adds something. My other favorite thing is the fresh oysters. They don't always have them, but when they do you're in for a treat. They're huge and minimally prepared with green onions, tobiko (flying fish roe), lemon and sriracha sauce. They also have a decent selection of rolls that are good. We like to ask for tobiko on top of the Cali roll - yum.Overall it's just a great value - some of the tastiest sushi I've had in the Phoenix area in a nice, non-pretentious restaurant.
4	Sekai is my regular sushi restaurant. I love all the sushi I've never ordered something I didn't like. The las Vegas roll is my fav! They give you a hot towel for your hands before you eat, and miso soup is free of charge... I think it should just come with the meal at every sushi restaurant. : ) Service is good but we usually have to wait a little for our check. You should def try it out if you're looking for a good sushi restaurant!
3	I've been to Sekai a countless number of times, but I have to admit that it's not necessarily my all-time favorite.  The quality of their fish is always great and their wait staff is usually fast and friendly - but their all around quality/quantity of their rolls and meals goes back and forth - sometimes it's great, sometimes not so much.However, I will admit that it's probably one of the best sushi places in Mesa - so if you're looking for a place in the vicinity, Sekai is likely your best bet.
5	Wonderful Sushi, good prices. Their other meals are excellent as well. Been going there since it opened in late 1997. Have celebrated numerous birthdays, anniversaries, etc. there and have the Polaroids on the wall to prove it.
1	I was eager to try a place for sushi tonight and after reading the reviews though I would give this place a chance. It was a huge disappointment. When I sat at the sushi bar  there was no sushi chef and the waitress immediately came up to me and asked me what I wanted to drink before even handing me a menu. When I requested one she  finally understood what I meant and came back a few minutes later with one. . I made a decision right away and put my menu down but she did not come back for 5 minutes and kept talking to a  coworker.  Considering I was the only person other than one other table of 4, I was getting a little upset at how ignored I was being treated. When she did arrive I finally got to place an order for Ice tea. The chef eventually came out from behind the curtain and after I was able to place an order for my sushi he was very quick to serve me. When I sat down I was very skeptical of this sushi since the fish under the glass looked old quit old. The only sushi i had that night that was good were the salmon and tuna Nigiri. I I also ordered a tempura roll and soft shell crab roll. The soft shell crab was very good however the rice was justto sticky and would not hold the roll together well. I could not pick it up with my chop sticks with out the pieces breaking up so I had to use my hands and the rice just stuck to them and I had to deal with sticky fingers all night. I then ordered their house specially roll with was truly the worst thing I have ever had for $10  It was some imitation crab with a spicy tuna topping and a little salmon roe. Not cold and more  luke warm which never makes me feel good when I have sushi. After finishing my meal my waitress who never came up to see if I was doing OK once during my dinner was in the corner of the restaurant (about 15 feel away) helping some two people saw a piece of wood. I had to request my check from the chef who finally got her attention. When my bill came I was shocked. $35 for Ice tea. 2 Nigiri sushi orders (2 pieces each) 3 rolls. The reviews on this site are so old and I hate to say maybe biased  because this place was not in good shape. Based on the vacancies in the complex and the number of people in the restaurant I don't give this place another 6 months.
5	One of the best and natural sushi spots here in az
5	I love sushi and I love this quaint tiny little place!  Although I haven't been here in quite some time I drove by this place the other day and thought of all the good memories I have had there and wanted to go in but I was on my way someplace so it was a disappointment that I couldn't stop and schoff down some delicous sushi.  What I really love about this place in the intimacy and you never feel intimidated while eating there.  For instance whenever I go to RA I feel as though I have a certain image to be even looked at in there.  That isn't so at Sekai.  The staff is there to provide you with the best meal possible and they always took the time to answer questions that may arrise.  That cannot be overlooked by anymeans.  This place is definitely good for groups and even a first date, I would say if you want to keep it low key.   With all that said, the prices are right, the sushi is delicious and the atmosphere is great.  I need to go back there again soon, real soon.
5	I love this place!!! Been a customer for about  5+ yrs.Prices:Everything on the menu are reasonable/affordable pricing.Service:Always friendly and never dissapoint. The food doesn't take long and the waiters/waitress are usually attentive to their customers. The owner is really welcoming, sweet, and you will feel like you're at home!Food:Good quality. Great, unique, delicious sushi rolls. Haven't found anything on the menu that I don't like yet.Overall, I would recommend this place for everyone, great for families.
5	This wasn't my first Sushi experience, but it was a pretty darn good one.  My son and his family met me there and filled me in on the "good stuff".  Like it so much went back the next day.  The Vegas Rolls ROCKED!  The service is spot on...right there to refill my drink, take dirty dishes etc.  Friendly staff, prices are not bad at all.  I will go back again and again.
5	Best sushi place in Mesa... hands down. I've been to nearly all of them and this is the only one I will go back to. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu; however, I like the Vegas Roll and the Dragon Roll.This is where I'm having my birthday party!
5	Food and service great!!!
5	Yum yum yum! I love this place. My favorite thing to do is share some sushi and a bowl of their rice with chicken and curry. It tastes like comfort food and is always warm & fresh.
4	Went again last week with my wife.  She had their shrimp tempura and beef teriyaki combo lunch and I had their Korean rice bowl with various sashimi pieces and veggies -- very good.  The owner, who is Korean, also told me that I can order some Korean dishes the next time and if they have the ingredients, she would make them for me.  I thought that this was nice and I appreciated her willingness to satisfy my craving for some hard to find Korean dishes.  We still like this place.
5	Our absolute favorite place. Great miso soup. It's actually not quite as good as it used to be before a few important chef changes. But still a 5 since there's been a thread of continuity through the changes.Try: the baked scallops on top of the California rollTry: the sunomono (plain or with crab)Try: the Tamago nigiri (I like it with a little eel sauce on it as dessert)Nice staff. Fun regulars. Large pieces of what's usually small at other places.
5	Awesome sushi and service! We (my husband and I) have been going to Sekia almost since it opened, it is a must if you want really good sushi. Peter the chef is terrific and the owner is sweet and very nice! Love the place and we have had sushi all over the USA. This is the best in the valley.
4	Great sushi.  I've been coming here for the past 5 years.  Their service can be a little slow at times, especially weekend nights.  However the rolls & sushimi are top notch.
2	I am sorry to say people of Mesa you must have pretty low standards if this is the best sushi bar in Mesa. I went there last night and I really did not think it was that great. How can anyone say great service when the servers cannot tell you the different sakes they stock. One of the servers barely spoke any English. Another one went to get my soup bowl and reached across me without asking if it was okay to do so. The Uni was actually pretty good but really was not impressed with the tempura. The Hamachi was served with skin on it which I really do not like. I do not see what is so special about the Miso
4	Great food and service. Not stuffy or "fancy". The ginger salad dressing is killer. A very pleasant surprise in a busted-down strip mall. You will not be disappointed.
1	This is not good sushi, do not waste your time or money. I am a sushi fanatic and this can not even be classified as mediocre.
4	We were very happy with our experience at Sekai sushi. The food and service were great both times we have been. The prices and location are very reasonable as well. We will definitely go back and we will be referring others.
4	I've always had a good sushi experience when eating here, though I'm not a sushi expert by any means, and it's possible that I'm slightly biased because I'm just so happy that there is a respectable sushi place in Mesa! In any case, I've always enjoyed my sushi experience here, that's a fact.
2	Five of us visited Sekai Sushi for dinner. None of us ordered sushi. It took a looong time for our orders to arrive.  My dish was the tempura variety: shrimp and vegetables tempura with miso soup, salad and rice.  The miso soup was average, the salad had a spicy hot dressing on a cumber slice with iceberg lettuce that was so-so. The tempura batter was thick and crunchy instead of light and crisp plus it was oily.  My wife was surprised to find the ramen noodles to be spicy. No one was complementary about their meal.
5	This is a wonderful little gem in Mesa. Everyone is friendly and attentive and the food is great. We usually go for dinner, but tried their lunch and it was good too.
4	This place is a great mom-and-pop kind of joint. The decor is Japanese kitsch, and definately fits the overall experience. *Disclaimer: this is NOT some fancy sushi restaurant. Not for sushi or food snobs. Not fine dining or high society.* --But that's why it's so good. Sekai has the most affordable sushi is the East Valley, and while they have pretty run-of-the-mill rolls, they make them consistently good. Nothing here is world class, but to be honest I go here almost more than any other sushi place (besides House Modern) because of just how cheap their sushi is. Since the rolls cost so little, this is the only sushi place where I will regularly fill up solely on sushi. As a young student, this place fits my wallet and my appetite.Now, their other food really is quite good and also affordable, but I don't know for the price sushi just tempts me more. However, their ramen, udon, teppenyaki, katsu, curry, and tempura are all quite excellent (and yes I really have ordered and tried all of these from them before, not just B.S.). If you want some true bang for your buck, Sekai Sushi lets your dollar go further than any other Japanese restaurant that I know of in the Gilbert/Mesa/Chandler/Scottsdale area.
4	Same meal, same deal. I was just as impressed with the sushi here as I was the first time. I took my daughter here and she was impressed. She's from a coastal city and  is not easily impressed with sushi here in the valley.
5	The sushi was delicious! The rolls were also very large, much bigger than most sushi restaurants that I have been to.
5	The best sushi in town!!!!!!!
4	This is a good sushi restaurant in Mesa.  Tonight (02/14/2014) they appeared to be rather busy.  This is most likely because of Friday & Valentine's Day.  We ordered the mix tempura and the sushi boat. My wife is particularly picky about sushi.  She was impressed.  1) The portion sizes were huge for a sushi restaurant.2) They were NOT skimpy with the fish.  They was a lot more fish with this sushi compared to the other places in the Phoenix AZ (which tend to load the sushi with rice to make up for the small amount of fish they serve)3) The sushi was really fresh.  4) The crabmeat sushi tasted like real crabmeat and not surimi or flour (imitation crabmeat)About the only thing we could have done differently is order less food.  It was a lot, and we ended up taking part of it home.  We would most likely go back here.  I will definitely take my in-laws (from Vietnam) here, and my own parents.  My parents are particular about their sushi.  This place looks like it has a good clientele.  I hope that they keep busy, and are able to stay in business for years to come.
5	Love this place, been coming here for years. Food is fabulous and the price is right. We've actually gotten to know Moon, who now gives us hugs when we walk in the door.
5	Any time me and my wife can have a date night, this is the place to be. Best Sushi by far. Very clean, great customer service all the staff our very friendly, making you feel welcome.
4	I love the Unagi Don.
5	Yao was great! She was friendly and accomodating! The food was good but we will be back for her service.
1	Came here due to the good reviews but I was disappointed. My first impression upon walking in was the horrid chemical smell; it smelled like a nail salon and not a restaurant. The service was not friendly, barely got a verbal acknowledgement let alone a smile from our server. The sushi did not taste very good. Our server even tried to correct a party at another table who said that their order was wrong by bringing them the original ticket which actually showed that the party was right and the server had put in order wrong. Not very professional. There was not one thing that would make me want to return.
3	I took the family here for dinner and at 5:30, there's already a few regulars inside the restaurant. We placed our drinks and appetizer orders and we were extremely pleased with the fast service. My daughter and I shared the sushi boat order and we were stuffed and there's plenty more for our take home box. We got a friendly hug from the owner who came to check up on our dining experience and she also personally helped us box our left overs. ( there's tons of good) our total bill is reasonable for 4 adult entree, a beer and two appetizers. We will come back to this restaurant !
5	The best sushi restaurant in the East valley !!! Moon the owner, she's always pleasant and welcoming... Highly recommended, you want have any regret !!! My husband been a client for more then 10 years. I have been going there for almost 4 years now and never got disappointed... That says a lot about a place !! ;)
3	I took the family here for dinner and at 5:30, there's already a few regulars inside the restaurant. We placed our drinks and appetizer orders and we were extremely pleased with the fast service. My daughter and I shared the sushi boat order and we were stuffed and there's plenty more for our take home box. We got a friendly hug from the owner who came to check up on our dining experience and she also personally helped us box our left overs. ( there's tons of good) our total bill is reasonable for 4 adult entree, a beer and two appetizers. We will come back to this restaurant !
5	This is our favorite sushi spot.  Fabulous Las Vegas rolls (my favorite!) and chicken teriyaki danburi. I also love how they bring out rice mixed with miso soup and modified chopsticks for my kids.
4	Pretty good place. The rolls are colossal. The bites were so big they need to cut the rolls in half longways. Good rice for good price. You defiantly get a lot of food for the price. Good atmosphere. Good food. Had spicy mussels that were delish. Come hungry leave happy.
5	My boyfriend and I have been here twice. Once was on Valentines day and the other for our birthdays. Both times the food was amazing and the portions were very generous! Of course valentine's day was busy and it took a long time to get our drinks and orders, but the second time we ate there it was on a Thursday night and not busy at all and the service was.... ok. It still took a bit for the lady to take our orders but it could've been worse. The quality and quantity of the food makes up for it. The price is good in my opinion, for the two of us and we had about 7 or 8 rolls was about $70. Definitely coming here again!Came here again during lunch a little after 11. Completely empty but service was great and food was amazing still.
3	Very calm place to eat sushi. The owner, moon, is very kind and helps out with what ever is needed. She greats you when you come in, with a smile. The sushi is very good and The atmosphere is welcoming. The down side. It takes two hours to fully complete you meal from drinks to the end. The servers take so long to get back to you and the food takes almost a half an hour to get to you table. Eat here is you have time on your hands and have plenty of time to waste.
5	Love this place! I try to come here as often as I can. Great sushi and great service. Definitely recommend!
5	Very classy and clean facility.Relaxed and no rush atmosphere.Food and preparation ecxellent.Strongly recommend this sushi restaurant.Friendly and knowledgeable staff.Will be back again!
5	Service and food are top notch. This is my father/daughter place.
5	This place is my favorite sushi spot in Arizona.  My mother and I have been coming here for over 9 years. The owner is very friendly and always remembers us. Try the Phoenix Roll it's the best!
5	My husband and I come here a lot..They greet you as soon as you walk in.. The food portion is very good.. The prices are good.. The owner came to our table and made sure we ok..this is the best place in Mesa!!
4	This is my favorite place for Japanese food. The prices are reasonable, the service is great and the food is wonderful!
3	Was not really impressed with their sushi. I did like that it was a sushi bar and restaurant, apparently there are not that many in the Mesa area. Sushi was plain and the presentation was nothing spectacular. Also it didn't taste better than costco sushi
4	Just wanted to mention that sekai does, in fact, have a modest liquor selection. It's not just beer and wine.
5	Had the spicy ninja specialty roll and loved the crunch and flavor! Should have took pics, it was huge and perfect Friday happy hour/start the weekend goodness. Didn't think I would be able to get good sushi in Mesa and it was far better than just good. Get some spicy ninja power people.
5	Amazing sushi, great atmosphere. Friendly staff. John at the sushi bar will take special requests including "how spicy do you want your spicy yellow tail". A refreshing break from the canned chain sushi experience.
5	The quality is always excellent. The staff is friendly and accommodating. This has been my go-to for sushi for years!!!
