5	There is some serious value going on at this new steakhouse at the Riviera.  New ownership took over this hotel, I believe in April.  Since then they've made some impressive changes.  Everything is cleaner and much easier to navigate.Anyways, on to the food.Marks of good food preparation are proper seasoning and cooking to the right temperature.  "R" hits both those right on the head.  The scallops we had would be right at home in top restaurants.  Great seasoning, great sear, and cooked to a perfect temperature.  Cooked all the way through but just barely.  Really impressive for a place that isn't really supposed to be a high end steakhouse (they don't have prime grade steaks there.)Oysters were fresh and fantastic.  Served with a nice dipping sauce.  I really couldn't believe I was enjoying a meal at the Riviera (it's kind of strange to even see me write that) but I was.On to the steaks - of course I had the bone ribeye.  Yeah baby.  That's what I'm talking about.  Juicy, well marbled, and cooked to medium rare just as I requested.  Seasoned beautifully.  No, it wasn't a prime steak but it was pretty darn close to what you'd get at a premium steakhouse but for about 1/3 of the price.  Really nice.Garlic mashed potatoes were solid.  Garlicky and buttery with a nice consistency.  The creamed corn was also great - a nice vibrant color as well.Hopefully the other places to eat at Riviera catch up to this new steakhouse.  Just opened a few days ago but service was very good already.PS - forgot to mention the bread they start you with.  Waiter rolls out his tray with a nice big loaf and starts scoring it for you so you can tear it apart with your hands.  Served with 3 different kinds of butter.  The bread, I kid you not, was as good as you'll get at all but the highest end 2 and 3 star Michelin restaurants and comparable to all the 1 star Michelin places I've dined at.
3	Great wait service!Food took forever, though.Portion size was quite large.  You will not leave hungry.Three different butter's for the fresh bread was a nice touch.My wife had the short ribs.  As I mentioned, she got three very large and tender ribs.  However, she was not crazy about the wine sauce.I had the sirloin steak.  It was a very thick and large steak cooked just like I ordered it. However, it had some kind of rub or coating on it that I was not crazy about.  It had a strong rosemary taste.My baked potato was ok; skin was tough and it was only lukewarm.  My wife's Mac n cheese was good, but different; a unique type of cheese is used to make it.The salad we had with cranberries, walnuts, bacon, and feta cheese was probably the best part of the meal.In all, we spent $60 for the two of us; no alcohol and no dessert.  I think it was more costly than it was worth.
5	This place deserves more than five stars, it was excellent to say the least.Started out with a fat tire beer when they brought bread out. The beer and the bread hit the spot and I quickly noticed the service was very attentive and it seemed like a very nice place, I could tell that it was newly remodeled because everything looked new from the tables to the floor.We then got an appetizer, the scallops. Oh my oh my these were excellent to say the least. they were wrapped in bacon and melted in your mouth cooked to perfection. Best scallops I have had for quite some time. Next, we ordered steaks, they were excellent too to say the least. I had the filet and it was cooked to perfection. The best steak I had for quite some time, better than Mortons or Ruth Cris.  After that I got another fat tire and we left. What made this all the better was that I had a groupon and this meal which would have been well over $100 came up to about $20 after tip and paying for the groupon, you can't beat value like that. Highly recommended!
5	Really excellent food,service and value.We came here with a groupon,even without it,it would have been a great deal.We had a 6.30 reservation,seated quickly,bread and 3 types of butter,great start.Really pigged out and ordered way too much,but was expecting the usual (tiny) steakhouse appetisers and sides,All were excellent,but the star was the bone in rib eye.Juicy,perfectly seasoned and cooked (medium rare),tasted better than any other steak I have had,and I have had prime cuts twice before.The sides were at least twice the size of any other place I have been and just as good.Great old school service from waiters who I am sure have been doing this for years.Will be a regular place for me every time I visit Vegas.So jealous of you guys who live there to have this place,compared to the over hyped,over priced joints we have in San Francisco!
5	This place was a surprise. I got a Groupon for a dinner and a show and was not expecting much at all. I especially wasn't expecting superb service and gourmet food! This place is outstanding. Even without the Groupon, the prices are very humble. Everything we got was delicious.We were seated immediately as it was not very crowded on a Monday night. Our server was cool. He looked like the sidekick from Quantum Leap. Very attentive and helpful with the menu. He recommended the Scallpos for an appetizer and we were sure glad he did. They were phenomenal. Biggest scallops in the ocean onto my plate, seared perfectly with a miso butter sauce that was divine.Warm spinach and bacon salad was delicious. Just wish it was bigger for sharing. My wife got mad that I ate it all so quick. If you have the word steak in your restaurant in Vegas, you have a lot of pressure to deliver. R Steak & Seafood did just that. Porterhouse was cooked perfectly and tons of great flavors. So I thought with a Groupon, the drinks would be like "Vegas specials". Wrong. Good size drinks with good pours.
4	We enjoyed dinner at R.   The Riviera is not the trendiest or flashiest  place on the strip, but don't overlook this restaurant.  The service was excellent and the food was very good.  While items are prices ala carte, the serving sizes were more than ample to justify the price.  Thanks to Groupon for providing us the opportunity to try something new in Las Vegas.
3	This restaurant is perhaps the best thing the Riveria has going for it. The food was perfectly done, the decor modern and comfortable and the prices were in line with Vegas. I had the filet mignon which had a wonderful seasoning on it, asparagus, and the tempura fries. Everything food wise was done very well. The service was hit or miss. Our waiter was very nice when he did come around. Cool note: the steak knives look like switchblades.The restaurant fails in the fact that for the price I could have gotten the same or better meal elsewhere. The Riveria is very far north on the strip and at night does not lend an air of safety to the place. Finding the restaurant was near impossible since the signs in the the Riveria have not been updated and the place is a labyrinth. Hint: it's on the east side of the pool. Afterwards, trying to find a cab stand proved near impossible (it's in the basement!). If you're staying near/at the Riveria or have a taste for adventure then I would recommend going there. Otherwise you could have just as good a meal elsewhere without having to brave a seedy casino.
4	I had a good deal, and decided to visit this new steakhouse at the edge of the Strip. It's a bit far in the back of the hotel, so you might have to ask for directions. If you're staying at the Riviera, I think it's much easier to find since it's by the pool entrance and tower elevators.Fried Calamari- 3.5-stars- Crispy, breaded calamari. Very soft, tender pieces. Each piece is bite-sized, served with lemon and a saucer of cream. The batter is lightly flavored. It's hard to tell this is squid, because it's cut into such small squares. There's no legs or other parts to give away it's identity. You get a good sized portion of this. So you can eat it like little popcorn squid.Thai Coconut Seared Mussel- 4-stars- You get a giant pan of over a dozen mussels in a shallow layer of the coconut sauce. You really want to scoop it up and suck it out with the mussels. There are also slices of bread seeped with the sauce. I think you'll have table bread which is also good to dip in with. Overall, the flavor is excellent. Of course, each mussel comes with it's own tiny plate--the shell. I should note, because it is Thai, it is a little spicy!Miso Seared Scallops- 4.5-stars- The dish itself is beautiful. You get three huge scallops. They're juicy, lightly sweet, and very soft and tender. This is definitely a must for seafood or scallop lovers. It just breaks apart, like warm butter. I also liked the sauce a lot, which I tried to scoop up with the pieces of seaweed on the platter. Another good place to use your table bread.10 oz. Filet Mignon- 5-stars- I ordered this Medium Rare. The meat is utterly soft and flavorful. I don't know what their special rub is, but it's just bursting with taste. It brings to mind a mixture of caramel flavors, cumin and sea salt. The top is seared to perfection being both crispy and crunchy. Although a little small for the size, it just explodes with delicious, mouth-watering flavor. This is definitely a must try!Ambiance- It is set up with some luxury, dimly lit with nice, comfy chairs. The seating is far enough apart and varied enough to allow parties of different sizes. Even though it's a new location, and relatively hard to find, it was filled up when I arrived.Service- They are very generous here, friendly and helpful--which is actually rare in Vegas. We had several personal issues come up during the dinner, which quite embarrassed me, but they deals with our problems immediately and as professionally as possible. Food came in decent waves, allowing us to enjoy one plate for a a little while, before a second plate arrived.Conclusion- My total bill came out, with two beer, well over one-hundred dollars, which was a little high for me. I hadn't eaten all day, so I was starving, and my mother, whom I came with--it was her birthday--had to leave suddenly. So I was left to finish most of the food. I was filled, but not overly stuffed. The steak, for the size, was delicious but maybe a little pricey--I'm not an expert on steaks, just yet. Everything else was delicious and reasonably priced.
4	Me and my buddies were kind of hesitant with these place considering that it is in one of the oldest hotels on the strip, the Riviera. However, Yelp helped us make the decision, and boy were we happy.This is your classic and essential steakhouse, no fancy bull, just a good ol' steak.The bread is excellent, fresh baked.I tried the french onion soup, solid. And then I had the 10oz filet mignon, ordered it medium rare and it was just perfect. The sides though could use a little tweaking, but you come here for steak not fillings.All in all, it was a good experience and If ever we go back to Sin City, we will be paying a visit.
3	Not sure how I feel about this place. Went twice for dinner and loved it - good food, not too expensive, nice atmosphere. Yesterday we went for happy hour and it was not a good time. The bartender was rude from the start. He took forever to pour us wine and then, when we asked for the dinner menu in addition to the bar snacks menu, he basically yelled at me that I had to pick one or the other OR HAVE 2 CHECKS. I do not care how many checks I have, I'd like to order what I want to eat when I go out. He then took the bar menu and tossed it out of my reach while he thrust a dinner menu at me. When we wanted a second glass of wine it took 11 minutes to get his attention (2 other people at bar.) And when our food arrived I had to get up to ask for napkins, silverware and salt. He never checked or even thought that a fork might be appropriate for a salad. I will never return to the bar but I might go back for a nice meal in the dining room. AWFUL BARTENDERS CHASE LOCALS AWAY!
5	This is by far the best steak I have ever had. If we had gone to this steak house our first night in Vegas, we probably wouldn't have eaten anywhere else.
4	Excellent food at outstandingly low prices. This is a hidden gem inside the Riviera hotel. Generous wine pour. Huge steamed muscles. Delicious NY strip. YUM! Very friendly service.
3	This place would have gotten 5 stars if we didn't have a shitty waiter and my friends ribeye wasn't pure fat and undercooked twice.  Yes yes yes, i know i know... Ribeyes have fat.  This steak was 3/4 marble.  I also ordered a ribeye and mine was perfect.  We were seated almost instantly.  We ate two loaves of bread before we saw our waiter.  No water, no drinks... Just amazing bread.  After we asked the hostess where our waiter was, we got prompt service.French onion was amazing.  Salads looked good. My ribeye was perfect.  Friends ribeye was pure fat.  We couldnt find our waiter to let him know.  My dad was done with his meal before the waiter came to check on us.  Friend got the strip instead.  It looked perfect but it was pretty rare.  Rarer than med rare and he ordered it medium.  He ate half of it.  I took the other half back to my room and ate it a few hours later.Bottom line. This is the best thing at the riveria.  In fact, i thought the riveria would suck and it ended up being a very pleasant experience.One day i will bring my wife here and i will update this review to 5 stars.  I was impressed but incredibly disappointed by my server and my friend for ordering a steak at medium..  Thats blasphamy in its own right.
1	It was closed!  At one o'clock!  What a disappointment.
5	The manager of the resturant gave me a call after reading my review of this place.  That blew my mind.  In the years I've writing reviews for Yelp, I never had an actual establishment call me to personally apologize for the terrible service.  He said next time I am in town I should try them again. That I will definitely do.
5	Amazing!!!! If your debating on going (like I was) please try this place! I eat around an awful lot. I've tried many restaurants and this place definitely was at the top of my list!! The surf and turf was delicious. The steak cooked perfectly! Lobster was to die for! Started off with complimentary bread and 3 different butters! Wonderful!!! Ordered a bacon appetizer and was very pleased! The Mac and cheese side was very fresh! Also ordered a few more sides to try! The only thing I wasn't find of was the Brocolini.. It wasn't much my taste! The staff was very helpful & friendly! Would reccoment this place to ANYONE! Pay them a visit.. You won't be disappointed :)
5	Had a wonderful dinner with family and friends. My hubby had the Prime Rib which was perfectly rare and wonderful. I opted for appitizers, steamers and Lobster Bisque. Both were fabulous. Everyone else raved about their steaks. Our server was terrific.Definitly will go back next trip!
4	Ate here while staying on business at the Riviera.The service was prompt and helpful.I had the 6oz filet mignon, ordered medium rare. It arrived as ordered.The bread came with plain, red pepper, and garlic butters. A excellent meal, but the price was a bit steep; I've had as good for less at chain steak houses.
5	This place was just what I was looking for!My boyfriend and I were there on our last day in Vegas (Sun.) I had promised to take him to a good steak house for some good steak and saw this place was in our own hotel. Checked out some of the reviews and decided to give them a try, we were both very pleased.Place/ service: It's really nice. I think they had just remodeled a few months before our visit in June. There was no wait, I was surprised. I did call to make a reservation, one hour before, but if we had just walked in I think we would have been fine. Our waiter was nice and was always checking on us, making sure everything was to our liking. Food:They served us water and soon after brought out freshly made bread with three different kinds of butter. As an appetizer we got calamari. For dinner I ordered a rib eye steak and my boyfriend had a fillet Mignon, both came with mashed potatoes. Everything was very good.. We really enjoyed this place. It made a great place to have our last date in Vegas and I was happy that my boyfriend enjoyed it, as I had promised to take him to a good steak house. We will be returning. Enjoy!
5	Hands down the best Groupon I have ever bought. If not for the great Yelp reviews I would have passed, simply because it seemed too good to be true. The Groupon was $45 for two tickets to the Riviera Comedy club and $70 worth of dinner at R Steak & Seafood. Crazy, right? Our waiter was awesome. Bobby, as he liked to be called, was energetic and all too happy to please while not being too overbearing. Perfect waiter!I had the 10 oz. filet, asparagus, and sauteed mushrooms. All were perfectly done and as I type this I am suddenly overwhelmed with a craving for all three!Hubby got some pasta thing that he loved but I didn't care about because I was too busy with my meal. The bread served was tasty and I ate nearly the whole loaf myself. I really liked the three kinds of spread, although the red pepper cream cheese was the best. The food, including one beer for the old man, came out to us owing just $4. So now our meal and show was only $49? Oh man. The waiter totally deserved the huge tip we left. ***Word of caution: Although the site lists this place as 'casual', I suggest you not show up in a tank top or a halter dress like we did. It felt kind of awkward and I apologized profusely to the host. He was kind about it though because it is casual, just not as casual as us :)
1	Where do I start? We had reservations for 9pm and we arrive on time to find out that there is a 45 minute wait to be seated because the "kitchen is behind". No apology offered by the hostess. The place closes at 10pm and it didn't even look busy at all. We weren't guided to the bar or offered any alternative so we went over to the bar and ordered ourselves drinks. At about 9:30 the five of us were finally brought to our table. We sat there for 10 minutes before a male waiter, we'll call him "Perry" because he never told us his name, came over and took our drink orders, and eventually our entree orders as well. He never offered any specials or featured dishes. My girlfriend ordered a salad and asked for blue cheese instead of feta and was met with a flat response by "Perry" of "Um, I'll ask" and had this bewildered look on his face. After we ordered, we never saw him again. The busser brought us bread and we had to ask him for water after the table next to us was seated about 30 minutes later and they were brought water immediately. We waited 60 minutes for our food to arrive and during that time we never saw 'Perry". This prompted my friend, who's got 17 years in hospitality industry, to find a manager. He didn't find a restaurant manager but found a hotel manager who listened to our complaint and offered us a round of drinks on the house. Our food finally came and immediately noticed that the steaks were room temperature and my steak was rare instead of medium as I asked. All our steaks were dry. We also noticed that the table next to us, who were seated about 30 minutes after we were, had gotten their meal immediately after ours was brought out. Going to this joke of a restaurant was a waste of our time and even made worse that I had to leave a review like this taking more time off my life that I'll never get back. Don't let it happen to you. Avoid this place at all costs.
5	The R Steak and Seafood restaurant is truly a diamond in the rough.  The Riviera may be on of the older hotels on the strip, and yes, a bit out of the way from all the fun of the strip, but we were  pleasantly surprised when we took a recommendation to try out the  R Steak and Seafood Restaurant.  They exceeded all of our expectations.  Absolutely great customer service since the moment you walk up to the waiter and meeting the chef.  My husband ordered their rib eye and I ordered the filet mignon.  They prepared it not just to our liking, but the presentations was absolutely a piece of art!  One of the best steak house meals I have ever had and we have gone out quite a lot all over the country.  It is an ala cart menu, so do be prepared to spend a little bit more than the average restaurant but the experience and the food are 100% worth every dollar!
5	My husband and I had a great dinner.  The steak was as good or better than others.  The caramel and apple cheesecake was excellent also.  The portions of the sides are shareable.
1	DISAPPOINTING!!! I read the reviews here on "R" so we took our family for dinner. It was very pricey but we had heard such good things we thought it would be worth it. Unfortunately, it was not. I had a $26 ribeye (sides are separate). The steak was flavorless and very fatty. My brother had a filet medium rare that was actually half medium and half well done. My mom had the spinach bacon salad which was ok. The wine list was way overpriced- $30 for a bottle of Kendall Jackson Chardonnay! We ended up with a $250 tab by the time dinner was done. Service was ok, waiter friendly but it took more than half hour to get our food. If you're going to have a nice dinner out and spend some bucks this is not the place to go.
4	**Summary**       - Decor - It has wooden floors and with a nice upscale seclusion about it. Other than the fact that it's next to the pool, it would be a perfect date place.       - Service - The wait staff was charming and funny. We had ordered the Filet medium rare and it came a bit too cooked. The waiter took it back immediately and made a couple jokes as damage control. I think he handled it excellently.       - Food - The steaks are grilled to perfection and the sides are brimming with butterly flavor.**Ordered**       - Breads and assorted butters - They bring your bread with 3 different butters to choose from. It adds a unique touch to the normal artisan breads.       - $8 Caesar Salad - It's different than your traditional caesar salad. It's pretty much two large stalks of lettuce on a plate with their cheddar waffer as a cruton. I liked it.       - $26 Filet Mignon 6 oz. - Juicy and tender, but at 6 ounces, it's very tiny.       - $36 Porterhouse 24 oz. - Grilled just right with a buttery taste in every bite. I ended up using some of the butters from the bread they gave us earlier, but I think that was overkill.       - $7 Sauteed Mushrooms - Very rich with butter. They tasted so good and you know they're terrible for you.**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a nice dinner out.
4	My parents and I were staying in the Riviera for three free nights off my mom's comps and we wanted to get some dinner for my bday. I wanted to try a steakhouse and since we were at the Riviera might as well try there steakhouse. I am SOOO glad that we decided to try this place because it was DELICIOUS!The ambiance was very nice, the servers was excellent, the maitre d was on point when it came to go around and checking on people. I ordered the Ribeye steak medium and it was DAMN GOOD, my dad got the prime rib. He enjoyed it and my mom got the fish which she couldn't stop talking about. Since it was my birthday I got an ice cream mountain...this dessert was delicious.All in all, I am glad we chose this place to celebrate my birthday while in Vegas.
4	We had a large party after my daughters wedding with a set menu. One of my gripes is that they tried to change the deal at the last minute, but with one phone call from my husband things went back to normal. The French onion soup was great, terrific in fact. The prime rig was a very generous portion and the service was attentive. They even allowed us to bring in our own cake and provided the service for that.. BIG Kudos for that. We went back for their late night Happy Hour and it was fantastic. Everyone was very friendly and the decor was beautiful. I would highly recommend  this place for a large event as well.
5	The Riv redid their steakhouse last year and I have not had the chance to check it out until recently. They did an excellent job. The atmosphere is a world of difference than the run down casino. You don't feel like you are in the same building. I went with a friend. We both split the Seared Scallops and the Pear and Endive Salad. Both were excellent. Giant Scallops! We ordered the Aged New York Strip and  Aged Rib Eye. Ordering a rib eye 'blue' may have been a mistake. The steak knife had trouble cutting the meat. Do yourself a favor and order the Chimichurri sauce. It is delicious. I ordered a side of Asparagus which I wish would have been a little larger pieces. We ordered the swan for desert. The swan is a little ridiculous. It is basically a giant creme puff with ice cream. I would recommend a different appetizer. We had a couple drinks as well and the bill came out to a modest 150. If you are looking for a wet aged grass fed kobe steak I would head farther south down the strip. If you are looking for a great meal with excellent value head over to riv and give this place a try.
3	Go here quite a bit....Everything is very good here,extras add up fast though.Good bread and flavored buttersFilet was decent quality but certainly not the best I have hadEverything is extraGood appetizersVery good, but pricey drinksHappy hour is kinda lame as the choices are fewGood wait staffMy main issue with this place is that they raised prices AT LEAST 3 times in the last 18 months, so the value here seems to be getting less each time. ...But still cheaper than most steakhouses on the strip for now.I like this place but it's no longer the bargain it used to be. So I will go here when my better choices are booked up.
5	This review is for their amazingly delicious happy hour!5$ for a bowl of steamed clams, oysters on the half shell, habanero wings or a tray of sliders.Unbelievable!The server was tops! He was so friendly, informative, checked up on us regularly. Best thing about the Riviera is this hidden gem.Dont stay at the hotel but definitely eat there!and then leave.
4	I'm a very picky steak person so if a restaurant says it has great steak, it had better have it. They had great steak here and I would totally go again. Tasty salads as well. I thought the sides were a bit small but overall great.
1	We wanted to clarify the use of a coupon before we ordered,the new waitress wasn't sure so she called the acting manager over and she explained to us how the coupon could be used. However when the bill came , it was quite different than what was said. The dispute was a $16.00 difference of a $80+ bill. Twenty minutes later another manager Came and was curt and rude and refused to honor the commitment of 1st manager/waitress. The managers treatment was unacceptable.Be careful when using a coupon at this restraurant.
5	OMG, their Happy Hour food is awesome! We were originally going to go to the seafood buffet at Palm, but it was getting too late to go there. So, we sort of reluctantly went downstairs (We stayed at Riviera since it was bargain price.) to check out R's late Happy Hour from 9pm. That turned out to be an great choice. We had:  Steam Clams (Mmmm!!), Serrano Honey Chicken Wings, R Steak Sliders.  When u r on a budget, forget about overpriced food at all those new hotels on the Strip. Go to R's Happy Hour! ;D
4	The only shining gem at the Riviera.Seriously.Their happy hour deals are amazing. I didn't get a chance to try their actual restaurant. We were ushered to their bar area for their happy hour.We got there right when it started, around 5 and sat at the bar and immediately ordered wings and sliders. They were pretty good and fell in love with these little things.After a few beers we sent text messages to the rest of our crew to join us.The bar was pretty empty but an hour later the place was full to capacity.We ordered more wings, sliders, oysters and the chips. The chips weren't my favorite... even though they're homemade, they tasted a little burnt.The price for beer was great. I think we paid less than $40 for everything we ate and drank.In one of my most brilliant decisions, I jumped in the pool right after. 2 people who joined us after the fact that we ate and drank came through and I told them to go to the bar and sit with Manuel who was our bartender and cool as all hell.So yeah, give this place a shot, if not for the reastuarant (which looks delicious, BTW) then at least for the appetizer specials they got going on.
4	This is the high end restaurant at the Riviera.It's moderately priced and quite fair compared to it's peers at the larger hotel casinos and for the price, portion and quality the R STEAK & SEAFOOD can go toe to toe and head to head against other restaurants of maybe higher prestige and brand name recognition.I'd actually make a specific trip to The Rivera just to eat at R S&S.  I stayed at The Riviera this trip, so it was a convenient place to eat.What a surprise 'tho !!!This is an amazing restaurant.  If you're a lone traveler for business, they serve the full menu at the bar / pub which has TV's or in the dining area.The Prime Rib is so awesome, maybe one of the best I've ever had.The crab cakes are also excellent and amongst the best I've had.The service is generally good and gracious.  The bar area can get crowded and maybe too much for the short staff to serve with speed.  The restaurant has good service that's attentive.  The front restaurant host reception area fell short a bit, routing people to the bar over the restaurant.An avg meal here is probably $40-60 per person w/ an appetizer, main course and a drink... so that's a pretty decent bargain for Vegas when it comes to a quality steakhouse.Keep in mind, I'm comparing R S&S to SW Steakhouse, Cut,  The Palm, Morton's, Ruth Chris, Carnivore, Delmonico's, Smith and Wollinskiys, and Prime Steakhouse... and I'm saying this provides comparable value at 1/2 the price of it's peers.
1	Atmosphere was ok. They forgot part of the order and the seafood we ordered was very fishy tasting, like it wasn't fresh. I would skip this place.
5	Delicious! Came here for happy hour and ordered the riviera sliders (6$) comes with 3 sliders and 12 mussel, in a broth filled pot along w garlic bread (6$) both were really really good, friendly bartenders as well!
5	Had salmon, NY steak, rib eye, and filet minot. Unlike most restaurants on the strip, you get a salad and potato choices included. Great food at a good value without the hassle of the strip. Inside word is there's a new chef who is making things MUCH better!
2	Highend not likley great decor. Service no bueno sorry guys. Hostess super cool. Our first waiter said he would take our order only if we placed it Quickly. WTH RIGHT. My bf and roomie ordered steak and mashed potatoes. Friend also ordered Caesar salad. Me asparagus and losbster soup (very fishy and bland) it took almost 1hour to receive our dinner yes well done steak request take longer but an hour and not one person came to let us know status. Sad. I never expected this awful service. I have dined at, mastros by my home in LA and would NEVER get this bad service.  Hour later dinner arrives oh and guess who makes a guest appearance our new waiter.  Food is ok and we did not see waiter until we asked for check. Btw we missed our show . Next morning I reported it to front desk and said a food and beverage manager would contact us.  I am home a week later and still nada. Sorry guys. I was do disapointed.
5	Gem of the Riviera for sure! Stopped in for happy hour.  Pinot Grigio is not on the menu but they still served it to me at 5$ a glass.  I had to take my fries to go eventually - you can really taste the truffle oil - great size portions can't complain at all!!! I suggest the parmesan truffle fries or caprese skewers! I had a great bartender too left a 3$ tip on a 10$ bill!!! :)
4	I ate here two nights in a row while at a conference. Once at the bar and once in restaurant. Both waiters I had were fun and attentive. I had steak both nights and both were prepared well. Generous cuts.  Bake potatoes were Ok but not great. Salad was good. I had a gin martini one night and it was great. I also had a Justin Cabernet that was reasonably price. Considering it's in a Strip hotel I thought the meal was reasonably priced, but not cheap.
4	Great steakhouse - food is on par with Capital Grille, Del Frisco's....Maybe 1/2 star below other steakhouses in terms of "masculine steakhouse decor", but the food and service were excellent.I had a NY strip and my associate had the rib eye. Both were great.My cell phone lost power, so the hostess offered to charge it during the meal. Talk about willing to go the extra mile to assist a customer.Pricing is slightly lower than other steakhouses, but it's still not inexpensive. However, the wine list offered some very good deals if you know what to look for.
3	This is my honest thoughts of the placePros: food is amazing!! Steak was cooked perfectly! Mac and cheese was good.  All our sides were awesome.  - I know this sounds weird but I loved the way the water waiter poured the water - very classy.  Our waiter was a nice guy and really worked hard for us- they DID charge my iphone - which was HUGE. Being in Vegas on an empty phone sucksNegatives1. This place would do so much better in another hotel.  Rivera is ghetto!! For 30-40/steak, I'm paying for food and ambiance - ambiance is not upscale2. No drink menu...waiter said this is an open bar but I when I come to a nice steak place, I want to see if the bar tender can make me something new.  Margarita was just mix and ice and topped off with rum.  Not good at all.  This place doesn't have the classy big cubes of ice3. I made a reservation using yelp/open table two hrs before.  When I got there (on time) my table was not ready...it took 12 minutes to get ready and this place was empty!!  Then my table was right in front ....like right when you enter the restaurant - my table was there.  I asked to be in the back where we can have an intimate group dinner but she said those tables were taken (no one sat there when we got there and no one was there when we left)4.  If a small group orders food, it's not too hard to remember who ordered what.  Overall - would pay more if this place was in a different hotel - great food - just a few things that need tweeking
5	So delish! We had the 20 oz ribeye only which was perfection, crab cakes were delish as well as the shrimp cocktail. Service was excellent very attentive staff. For dessert we had the caramel apple cheesecake and "the Swan" which was a cream puff with ice cream and chocolate shavings. The best part was the cream puff was the shape of a swan. It was wonderful. I would definitely recommend this place for dinner. Plus they have a happy hour with $5 appetizers check it out!!
1	We waited 1 hour an still didn't get our food. The other tables around us received their plates an finished. We had to ask why we didn't get served the manager said it was because of there new menu. What a stupid reply!!
4	I had an excellent experience here.  My rating would more accurately be a 41/2 stars.  Food was very good, not the most outstanding steak house food I have ever had, but as good if not better than most and a bit less expensive than most high-end steak houses.  What really stands out is the service which was superb at our visit.  I also really like the atmosphere of this place.  It is attractive inside and has probably the most comfortable seating of any restaurant I have eaten in for years.  It is also quiet and a great place to go if you want to have a pleasant conversation with your dining companion(s).  So, 4 stars for food and 5 stars for ambience.  I'll definitely go back my next trip to Vegas.
4	= 4.5 STARS STEAKHOUSE IN LAS VEGAS =When my friend invited me to dinner at the Rivera, I thought that it was another Las Vegas $2.99 Steak & Eggs Adventures that my friends absolutely love.  Who would know that they would actually take me to a fancy steakhouse.  R STEAK & SEAFOOD is definitely a gem hidden within Rivera! COST:  $30-$50 (Depending on what you order)I had scallops as appetizer, filet mignon (cooked to perfection), and the "SWAN" for dessert.  Portions are huge and you can definitely share the dessert with 2 or 3 other people.
3	We found this place by accident. I wanted to try to restaurant in Circus Circus but they had a two hour wait. I know there was a steakhouse in the Riviera, so we walked across the street to check it out. My boyfriend can be a steak snob, and I thought he would hate this place. He actually enjoyed it. It's not the best steak I've had, but it wasn't terrible either. Prices were reasonable, no complaints here. The furniture was a little dated, but I wasn't expecting it to be the Ritz.
5	This is a happy hour review.Hubby and I got there around 5PM.  We were directed to the bar that was off to the side.  It was pretty bright in there compared to the restaurant and when we looked at the drink menu, we almost got spooked from the generic listing....red wine 5$......white wine 5$......you get my drift.Our waiter, Bobby, was kind enough to let us know that they had something other than just Merlot and Chardonnay,  so we both ordered a Pinot Noir.  Wine pour was extremely generous.  We then ordered some food.  Hub went for the regular sliders and I went for the short rib sliders with horseradish sauce.  We also ordered the Parmesan fries.  All of these were listed at 7,8 and 5 dollars in that order.Hub so loved the sliders for they were charbroiled and delicious.  He was kind enough to give me a bite.My sliders were incredible...I am still thinking about them.  Short rib meat with horseradish sauce and pickled fennel....I was in HEAVEN!The fries were ok and pretty standard.  We saw some Mac and cheese come out to another table and that looks pretty spectacular.Service was awesome and we love Bobby who was just a joy!  Will definitely return, and Soon!
5	This place is excellent! I had the filet with a salad and baked potato. My boyfriend had the rib eye. We both loved our meals. Customer service was excellent and there was no wait. I'd highly recommend this place and even better they had a groupon pay $50 and get $100 worth of food for 2 people.
5	Loved it...great steak, great veggies Mac and cheese was awesome ....Vegas dining at its finest
4	My steak was cooked perfectly but I almost sent it back because of the enormous amount of salt that covered it, overpowering the flavor of the meat.  Once I wiped off most of the salt, the filet was actually quite good.  Nice baked potatoe.  The bacon bits were a little unusual-very thick, like bacon nuggets, but they were flavorful.  The French Onion soup was disappointing, as it seemed like it was from out of a can with partially melted provolone, not swiss, on top.  The people were friendly, but my waitress forgot me after I ordered and I had to flag her down three different times.  Pricey, but overall, was pretty good and I'd go back.I'd give this place 3.5 stars, if I could, but I'll round up this time.
3	The restaurant is newly renovated which is great but it no longer has that old school vibe but luckily the service was great, a true team effort. The hotel itself is rundown & parking was a nightmare which doesn't make you want to go back & do it again. They have great drink specials at $5 which was a pleasant surprise & the food was good. The appetizers were ok, nothing special. The main entrees, in our case steak & braised short ribs were cooked perfectly & seasoned perfectly along with very generous & delicious sides. Dessert was ok. So overall we enjoyed it but probably wouldn't go back because the hotel is a nightmare & the food was good but not amazing. Get a groupon or try happy hour for a bargain.
5	Came here for an anniversary dinner and it was definitely a hidden gem like all the other reviews say it is!! The Riviera hotel itself is a bit older so you might not expect that much out of the restaurants inside but this steakhouse was excellent! Nice ambience, service was attentive and friendly, pork chops and filet mignon was delicious! Get the groupon if it's still offered! This isn't one of those mediocre places you might find on Groupon. Exceeded expectations! Perfect to celebrate a special occasion.
5	it was supper delicious ! everything ny steak , pork ribs with baked beans and mac. our party of 6 enjoyed every bite . it was a very pleasant birthday dinner. definitely going back! service , atmosphere, food . excellente lol
4	Wow, surprised at how good the steaks were! Wasn't expecting it too be this good. Yes, its in the Rivera but still the service was good and the steaks were really good! Compared to the better steak houses in the more "popular strip" steakhouses its more affordable especially with the Groupon deal. I would recommend coming here at the very least for the steaks and old Vegas feel!
1	Worst dining experience ever!!! The runner served our soup with his fingers inside the bowl; this is unacceptable at any restaurant. My main dish was cold, by the time I recieved a new one, my boyfriend dish was already cold. The empty plates were sitting stacked on our table forever before the busser took them. Overall worst dining experience that I have ever had; not recommended!!!
2	It's average for a steakhouse and definitely not worth the price.  We've had better food but the service was great as you'd expect in Vegas.
5	Went here for my wifes bday dinner on a monday night.  They have great food and drink specials and the menu items included salad and potato.  I had the bone in rib eye which was big enough for two and excellent.  Service was great throughout.  Definitely will return.
5	great steaks at a great value compared to other strip places.  Free mashed potatoes and salad were forgettable but cant really complain if they are free.  Also some nice happy hour deals ($5 top shelf cocktails).  On top of that they currently have a half off groupon which is just about the best discount to quality of food ratios you will find in Vegas right now.As far as other steakhouses in this price range, I prefer The Barrymore and Envy for their higher level of sides (which are not free) and a nicer selection of non-steak entrees.  But their steaks are very comparable.One thing to note, my wife and i actually had a difficult time ordering enough food to use all of our 50 for 100 groupon since she ordered a burger instead of a steak.  We ended up ordering 2 desserts even though we were completely stuffed to use the rest of our groupon voucher.
5	I have made many trips to Vegas and have spent much more $ for much less. The first impression was the greeting from Michelle the GM.  That set the tone for the rest of our experience,  the food and service where top notch! I am in the process of relocating to the Las Vegas area and plan on making the "R" a regular stop and a place to bring guests visiting from out of town. It is truly a hidden gem.
3	Steak was amazing!! One of the best I had in my life. Sides it comes with are meh....This place would have gotten 4-5 stars except the service was HORRIBLE. We were asked to refill our alcoholic drinks multiple times while our soda cups were left untouched for the hour they were there. We ordered some mac and cheese, which was good...but they brought it out as I was finishing the last bite of my steak...and then the waiting game to pay.....oh the waiting game. For being an empty restaurant I felt like waiting a half an hour staring at the wall waiting to pay was kinda silly.
4	Great steak, went with the groupon $50 for $100. I had the bone in rib eye and it was excellent. The staff was very welcoming and very attentive as we always had warm bread and our drinks were filled. I would definitely go back as well as recommend R Steak & Seafood to others.
5	Came here for our anniversary and it was an excellent choice. I had good 10oz filet and she had a perfect sirloin.  Sirloin was an especially great deal. Bobby was an excellent server and the manager Michelle comped our desert. Definitely coming back!
5	Service 5Place 4Food... 10+Super good steak. If u r bored with buffet. Give this place a try. All steak r yummy
4	We bought a Groupon and used it tonight. My husband and I both ordered the rib eye. It was cooked perfectly! I also had the carrot crab soup, at first I didn't think I liked it but kept going back for more, with each bite I realized I had never had anything like it. I'm not a big soup eater, in fact I might eat it 3 times a year but I would get this soup again. I also had the fried artichokes for an appetizer. They were very good. The service was fantastic and the servers made you feel welcome. If I had to pick three things that brought the rating from 5 stars to 4, the hostess introduced herself, asked me my name and then shook my hand. I found it pretty awkward. Also we sat in the booth and it was uncomfortable, the bench was made for tall people and I'm not short at 5'7 so it was either sit up and away from resting my back or bring my legs up so my knees couldn't bend and feet couldn't rest on the ground. Lastly, they put some fresh herbs on the meat, not sure it they cooked it with or just placed for looks before service but it threw the flavor of my steak off. I'm the type that likes salt and a little pepper on my meat...nothing else. For the price, this place is a gem!
4	A 3 star joint w/o a groupon4 stars with grouponSteak and prime rib were just ok. Crab cakes were great. Carpaccio was good. The groupon also includes stuff from the drink menu and you can use the groupon along with their $19.99 specials which cuts the deal to $10...you just can't beat that. Add in $5 drinks from their menu (groupon makes em $2.50) and it makes for a really good time. I bought a couple of the $200 ones to really have fun with another couple on date night...don't get fooled by the chocolate lava cake, it's just a mini bundt cake microwaved with chocolate sauce on top...was expecting a true molton lava cake. Service was friendly and professional. If you can get passed the fact that you are in the dumpy Riviera and can use a groupon, you are in for a decent meal at a great price.
5	Was just there Friday night and THE BEST experience. We had a party of 8 and had great service, top notch food, and strong drinks. Great choice!!!
5	This place is amazing, romantic and food is delicious. You definitely need the groupon deal bcuz this place is fairly expensive. The steaks were so perfectly cooked and so very tasty with perfect seasoning and the mashed potatoes and Mac and cheese were too good! The bread is super soft and delicious. The drinks were strong but good. This is just the perfect restaurant to go to while in Vegas. Don't let the Rivera fool you. You also need to make reservations.
5	Fantastic steaks and bread, lol. This was a last minute change of plans for us and we couldn't of been happier!  Great service from Bobby and the hostess. The bread they serve before the meal was both unique and delicious,  but nothing compared to the bone in ribeye I had it was cooked and seasoned to perfection.  And my wife said her filet was the best steak she had ever had!!
3	A surprisingly good restaurant considering the locaation. It was very busy the night we were there, so we ate at the bar. Kenny the barman was nice enough but busy and we had to remind him several times for anything from silverware to the bill. My filet was fantastic, better than most steaks I have had in Vegas. My wife's tuna was fresh and perfectly seared. The salads however were limp and rather sad and the sides were not much better. If you are looking for a great steak at a good price (particularly for Vegas) then give this place a try
1	We had a reservation and were STILL made to wait an hour!! Than we had to be seated next to a table of 10 where they were all drunk!! They were disruptive, obnoxious and cursing. That being said NONE of the waiters had the common sense to inform a manager of this tables inappropriate behavior. I was completely and utterly disappointed that this is supposed to be considered fine dining , and yet we had to be subjected to such repulsive behavior. All because the wait staff lacks the intelligence or common sense of the definition of appropriate dinner behavior.
1	So after our first visit we came back, unfortunately this time was terrible. We were served our salad and there was a ROCK in mine which when I bit down on chipped my tooth! The manager said she had to call security, no apology nothing, as if I had made this up! 30 minutes later we are sitting here still waiting for security........
5	I really enjoyed this place! The staff was very friendly and we had great service. I had the short braised ribs and my husband had the bone in ribeye. Both were cooked very well. We did use a groupon to help with cost :)I would come here again! A hidden gem.
3	This place would be perfect!  All they need are new cows and water pitchers.
3	Well I was able to get seated at 6pm with no issues. They normally take reservations, but took care of me as a party of one. Let me get right to the good (to get that out of the way).  Tomato Basel soup... Very good. Bread (when they remember to serve it hot)... Good too. Corn succotash... Like home made. Even the ice tea was good. Okay so what about the steak right? After all it is a steak place,right? I thought so too. Being from Houston I know steak. I order their filet steak cook medium rare. When I received it, it just had an awful look like it was saying to me "damn'it don't they know I was already killed once already??" It was luke warm at best and grease. The poor thing tasted like it was frozen before they tried to grill it. 42.00 you would think I would have a fresh steak. I was so pissed, I gave it back to them and ask what else could be better than this?? They made me a ribeye cook the same way. It was came to me cooked medium, hot, but very grease. I swear the grill they have has never been cleaned. It almost tasted pan grilled. I only ate half and could not stomach anymore. The only reason this place made it to three stars was for the service. They really show they care and want to give good service. Good luck to your pocket book and stomach if you choose to eat here. I don't think I will be back.
3	I don't know what type of rating to give because my last 2 experiences were somewhat opposite.   The first time I went was about 2 years ago and I recall the filet mignon being delicious! The server was excellent too. He even gave us a free desert because he wanted us to try new menu items.  My wife and I bought another Groupon and went last weekend.  They now offer a $19.99 special which consists of your choice of prime rib or ribs. My wife ordered the ribs and I again ordered the filet mignon. I also ordered a burger for take out.  The filet mignon was great, although I had to send it back for a slightly longer cook time. My wife said that the ribs were tough.  They indeed were. We sent them back and the server gave us a bit of resistance at first but then took them back. My wife ordered the salmon instead. The salmon, she said was a perfect 10.  While I was in the restaurant, I noticed a party switch tables and from what I can tell, the staff didn't change the napkins on the table with new ones.  This is unacceptable.  Also, when I ate my burger the next day, the tomato still had the PRICE LABEL on the slice! I couldn't believe that a restaurant of this caliper would miss that when they prep the food. I don't know if I would return to this restaurant anytime soon.
5	The service are awesome! She did such amazing job. Polite, kind, and fast(Camille)Plus I was using groupon deal. ( spend $50 and got $100 worth of food)Bone in Rib eye is to die for! Lots of meat but such a tasty fine meat! Good job to the chef!!!  Fresh oyster is delicious... so fresh and dip in inside both of the sauce. Cheesecake is delicious and fruit is super fresh.... Fillet mignon is good. Cocktail is good...
4	The Food was DELICIOUS. ... We had happy hour dishes because the were booked up for 2 hours....BUT it was Great ...I had very meatr short rib slider..the VERY cheesy and creamy mac and cheese. .. Asparagus fries coated in a light cornmeal coating with tarragon dipping sauce and a Very GOOD Moscow Mule... .and the prices were GREAT! ....And also we had a GREAT server named Camille
5	Food was excellent! We had Crispy Artichoke Hearts and asparagus fries for appetizer. Both were great but especially loved the artichoke hearts. Next we had Caesar salad which needed some more cheese or salt but still tasted pretty good. I had prime rib and my husband had sirloin steak both came with mashed potatoes and green beans. They were both very good. I probably would choose grilled sirloin steak between two. For dessert my husband had warm peach cobbler and I had chocolate lava cake. So good. Hot bread they brought was also very tasty. Our experience were overall great. Our waiter Mark was nice and kept coming back and checking on us. I would absolutely recommend this restaurant.
3	Smith and Wollensky, Ruth Chris and Mortons this is not as closer to an Outback or Sizzler.  There is noting wrong with that as Vegas is running short on places you can get a 19 dollars three course sirlion steak.  The waiters were jovial though when asked for a wines by bottle list they were so surprised they did not bring it for awhile.  Wines were very affordable as got a nice Penfolds Shiraz for 32 which at many place they would charge 40.  The steaks were good as my filet mignon was a nice rare/medium rare.  Mash potatoes were filled with butter and glad got sauteed spinach.   If staying at circus circus, sls or riveria this is worth a stay.  Was able to find deal that if paid 100 got 200.
2	Food was good but service wasn't. ate att the bar and bartender couldn't be bothered.. he commented later he shoulldve asked for help...duh. NY strip was cooked med, ordered MR, didnt want hassle of reorder since it took 40 minutes to get the order. at least the martini wasokk
1	Service issues and not-so-good food... poor service in every way.  Common cant find and pay good people in a casino???
4	Great Steak joint inside the Rivera Casino.  My girlfriend's parents took me here for my birthday and it was the best.  The staff was super friendly and took great care of us.  The only reason I'm not giving a 5 star was because some of the food wasn't quite as good as the price.The Grub:The bread was pretty standard, warm with some spreadable butter.  Pretty good but nothing special.For apps we had shrimp cocktail and crab cakes.  The shrimp cocktail was nice and big and cold, perfect.  The crab cake was good, but just a bit mushy.  My standard is the crab cake at the Double Eagle which is far superior to this crab cake and most crab cake around the world.The salad they gave me was a "house Cesare" that came with my entre.  Cesare salads are not my bag, but I didn't get to choose.  It was okay, but Id rather have an nice Italian salad.For my entre I enjoyed a Tender Sea Bass seared perfectly.  The meat flaked off into juicy bites.  The only issue was that there were some bones in the fillet.  I have never had to deal with bones in any sea bass fillet I've had before which seemed strange.  The Sea Bass was well above average, but not the best I've Ever had.For dessert the staff brought out a chocolate cake they made for my birthday.  It was very delicious.
4	Very, very solid Steakhouse! You could do a lot worse in this town and pay A LOT more. Not pretentious but all the great food you'd expect from a good steakhouse. If you don't want something super fancy, they also have great happy hour specials. Highly recommended if you're looking for a great value in a nice atmosphere.
5	The bf and I came here on November 23, 2014 with a groupon for $100 worth of food, I paid $42.50 for it. We were not disappointed! We had the Baltimore Crab cakes (2) $17, Filet 10oz $42, bone in ribeye 20oz $40, 2 specialty drinks $5 each totaled to $117ish for two. Both entrees came with a soup or salad and mash potatoes or baked potato. Mash potatoes and salad is the way to go! Im not saying that the baked potato or soup are bad but its not my preference. We had never had such succulent cuts of meat! The only thing I didnt like was the wait time. Nearly an hour wait after we ordered to get our meal. I wouldnt mind if we weren't on a schedule. Other than that the experience was great! I cannot wait to eat here again, I've purchased a groupon already $41.60 this time for $100 worth of food. Remember people, on certain days there's codes that give you up 20% off local deals:) . . .
4	I used a Groupon for this restaurant. Made reservations on Open Table for the two of us. We arrived early and they were able to accommodate us. We ordered asparagus fries and shrimp cocktail for appetizers. The asparagus fries were okay - nothing special. The cocktail shrimps were large, which I liked, although I wish there were more than 4 pieces. Mike and I both had a bone-in rib-eye steak and baked potato. He had the green peppercorn sauce on the side and I had the demi-glace. The demi-glace went well with the steak. Without the sauce, the steak was tender but a bit bland for my taste. Mike enjoyed his steak but he preferred to use my demi-glace sauce rather than the green peppercorn sauce that he ordered. The baked potato was good. I really liked the skin of the potato as it was seasoned with salt. We ordered bacon bits for the potatoes, which cost an extra $2 (not the bottle type). For dessert we ordered creme brulee and peach cobbler. The peach cobbler was good, but my favorite was the creme brulee. There was a strawberry drizzle on the plate with some blueberries and a strawberry. The drizzle and fruits were yummy with the brulee.
