4	Sometimes things come easy.... and sometimes things come hard - but in the end Happy Valley's was worth the journey to a great bowl of Congee.For some context : Happy Valley in Hong Kong is well known as the location of the original racecourse of the Hong Kong Jockey Club (in fact, the Chinese name for the area is literally "horse racing ground") so the name evokes all the fun of a day at the races, not to mention a bit of nostalgia for me, and it certainly got me a bit excited when I saw the sign for Happy Valley's go up a few short weeks ago...The restaurant is newly opened, so I am willing to cut them a bit of slack, but it took many visits before I was able to get a bowl of Congee.  The first time I was coming, I found out they were not going to be open for lunch for the time being.  The next time I came I was told they were out of Congee!  The following day I came, and the place was closed due to the plaza cutting the power to the building.  I am sympathetic to the new business, and I am not easy deterred.  I was going to "get my Congee on" - and I wouldn't stop until I did.  I made my plans and tried again...For the uninitiated...  what is Congee?  Congee is a Chinese rice porridge.  A comfort food staple of Chinese cuisine, it's often served plain with a bunch of side dishes (which they do not do here) or with ingredients such as pork, chicken or fish already inside (which Happy Valley's does do) and is a stand alone meal in itself.  For many Chinese people, if they are sick, they will seek out Congee the way many westerners may look for chicken noodle soup.  It is also a common breakfast staple in that part of the world.Now back to the story: when the time came and the stars were finally aligned, I was somewhat surprised by the atmosphere of the place.  The vibe was more of a lounge or bar than a regular sit-down restaurant, but it does have "Congee & Bar" in the name, so maybe I should not have been surprised.  Also, the music was very loud (and this makes me feel old to write that, but it's true).  There were not a lot of people in the place, so it was easy for the host to find me an open booth.  It was 12:30 a.m. (yes, I am willing to go to great lengths to get the Congee I want) and the music from the club next door could be heard thumping through the wall - but it didn't matter.I quickly familiarized myself with the menu, but a number of items were not available.  For example, the 1 lb of Salt and Pepper Chicken Wings intrigued me (since for $5.99 it would be one of the cheapest options available every day for Chicken Wings in town) but they were not available as of yet.  But I digress...  I ordered an order of the Century Egg and Pork Congee and a Hong Kong Style Milk Tea (interestingly enough, my server told me that they do not have regular Chinese tea) and soon my prayers were answered.A perfect bowl of Congee appeared, and through the magic of food I was transported through space and time to the Hong Kong of my youth, the Century Egg a great complement to the salty flavour of the pork.  There were bits of crispy fried wonton skin on top, which gave it some additional texture (Congee purists would no doubt expect to have that crispiness to be provided with a side order of Chinese Dough Fritters accompanying their Congee, but alas there are none to be found at Happy Valley's, at least not with the rather limited menu they do have available at this time).  I thought the Tea was a bit of a miss.  I also added an order of the Salt and Pepper Deep Fried Tofu, but in the end they were missing any discernible flavour besides salt, and I took them home to have later.  I figured they would be better with some sort of sauce.But I will be back for the Congee, of this I have not doubt.  All the best to Happy Valley's Congee & Bar another great addition to the ethnic food choices we now have available in Waterloo.
5	5.09 deals
4	Really glad to finally have a place to eat congee and dim sum near UW! Happy valley is a congee and bar (interesting combination) that has recently opened at Lester and University. Being the big congee fan that I am, I just had to try it once they've opened.Their congee come in large portions at a reasonable price, around $6 per bowl, they come in the usual congee flavours but my personal favourite is the preserved egg and pork congee, its a classic. Each bowl of congee come with thinly sliced ginger and lettuce on the bottom and topped off with some green onions and deep-fried flour(or dough?) pieces on top. SOMETIMES a little tray of peanuts comes as a side but they forget to serve it most of the time. One other I usually order is the dim sum such as shrimp dumplings (), chicken feet (), tripe and pork and bamboo shoot wrapped in bean curd. Their dim sum is on the pricier end, at $3.49 per order (not so large) I can only order limited amounts if I want to keep a budget of under $20.I've heard from other people that their normal Chinese dishes like Portuguese chicken, black pepper chicken etc. is mediocre, so I generally stick with the congee and dim sum when I go! The place is quite large and I've never seen it more than 30% filled, however they should really turn up the heating on colder days since I had to eat lunch with my jacket on plenty of times during my visits since it gets very chilly in there.
