4	YAY free frozen yogurt! Tonight Yoppi had their grand opening. They offered free frozen yogurt, t-shirts, and agua fria to the unwashed masses of Peoria residents.Before you say to yourself, "Sarah, were you bought off by free froyo?" The answer is no. I went to this place during their soft opening phase, so I have a couple trips under my belt, thank you very much for doubting my ethics.Anyhow, they had a good selection of flavors, pretty average and what you would expect from such an establishment. However, they have a voting system for the next week's featured flavor. I thought that was a sweet touch. Their topping selection is average as well, with some exceptions. Three different flavors of mochi, three flavors of boba as well, that to me is pretty darn fun. The price is about average. Less than Yogurtology, which is a plus. The seating inside and out is comfy and doesn't look like it was on the set of The Jetsons. I hate being intimidated by chairs. Friendly and visible management. Not just some teenage girls wielding cleaning rags and skinny jeans.Come on in, I think you'll like it. :)
4	If you guys like frozen yogurt you might wanna check out Yoppi Yogurt. I had some time to kill today so thought I would try Yoppi Yogurt. Just opened off the 101 fwy and Thunderbird in the West Valley. First they had free WiFi so I brought my laptop and started working a little bit and people watched too. Traffic was steady. Now to the yogurt! There are 12 flavors and they change every week. I had the Peanut Butter Yogurt tasted just like a peanut butter shake. All the yogurts are low fat but the toppings are not, Duh! Great place to bring the family, great music playing, nice and cool and they are open till 10 pm every night. Yogurt price is based on weight, $.39 cents an oz. Pretty reasonable. I'm not a huge fan of frozen yogurt but this place is a must to visit. It is less expensive than Cold Stone for those looking for a budget friendly place. Check it out! 101 fwy and Thundered, north west corner next to Chase Bank.
4	I'm giving Yoppi a 4 star review cause who wouldn't like to say the word Yoppi? It is pretty catchy. I love frozen yogurt and live only a couple blocks from this place. So finally i decided to go check it out. They have pretty good flavors and the yogurt is good. But sometimes it can be a bit watery. I like how they do the toppings that are in the containers on the wall that u turn the knob to get the toppings. I haven't seen that in any other yogurt shop. And they have a board on the wall where you get to vote for next weeks flavor. I also think that's a really good idea. The place looks plain to me though that I don't understand what took them so long to open. It seems like they could've put the place together in a day. I've seen them do more remolding/building in one day on a reality home makeover show. And they need to get more upbeat people working in there. The few times I've gone in there the staff has been a buzzkill. They barely said hi and when I asked them what certain things are. their reply was so dull I thought maybe they needed a hug or something. What I found funny about the place is that they ask for tips on the receipt. Its cool if you want to have a tip jar by the register. But to actually have it on the receipt at a SELF SERVE yogurt shop. Kind of defeats the purpose of it being self serving. I don't go tip the gas station after I pump my own gas at a self serve pump. And for a place asking for tips I expect a bit more of a upbeat attitude from the staff. But dont get me wrong the place is worth checking out. And the yogurt is really good and that's what matters. Im sure ill be in there often to try the new weekly flavors. After writing this review im glad the place is self serving. Cause if anybody who works there happens to read this and doesn't like what I said. I don't have to worry  about spit in my yogurt :P
5	Good selection of yogurt flavors and very large inside area makes it easy to get what you want. The best part is that the toppings area is very well taken care of and they have a bunch of fresh mix ins. Great yogurt at a good price.
1	We went to this cute little yogurt store for it's grand opening and loved it.  It was so bright and fresh and the yogurt and toppings were wonderful.  Then something happened to this place, we went in a few months ago and promptly walked out after smelling a very strong poop smell.  Other customers were laughing at me because I was telling my husband loudly that I can't eat in a place that smells like poop.  Time has passed and we decided to try again because it is so close to our house.  We walked in, no smell, which was good, but the floor was disgusting, like something smashed some berries on it.  The toppings bar looked like it hadn't been cleaned all day.  We grabbed some yogurt anyway and paid the girl behind the counter with no voice and no personality.  We sat down inside because it was hot outside and then started really looking around.  This place was filthy, there were fingerprints and smears all over the sneeze guard.  The grill under the counter had alot of dust on it like it's been neglected.  They have a cute little white leather couch in the front with fabric pillows that were dirty and we managed to find one table that was clean.  Really, we were the only customers inside and the one employee there just kept disappearing.  Obviously, cleaning wasn't her highest priority.  I am so disappointed to see such a cute store fall into neglect like this.  Where are the owners????   Do they not see that they have a problem here???  I won't be back to find out!
1	Went here for a cool treat on a hot night.  We usually go to Yogurtini, but Yoppi is so close to home we thought we would give it a try.  From the moment we walked in the door, everything had the "yuck" factor.  We weren't greeted upon entering, the floor was filthy, all the empty tables were dirty, several of the topping dispensers were empty, the topping counter was a dirty disgrace, there were no sample cups, the ice cream dispensers were filthy, and the two female employees were standing behind the counter talking to each other and doing nothing.  The yogurt was just so so.  We will not be back.
1	The last two times we have been there the girls are in the back. Trash not emptied, yogurt grates were filthy, three guys laying in chairs hanging out with the girls. This is close to our house but we will not go back. There is that feeling that this place is dirty. Also, the last time the yogurt was like soup. My best advise is go someplace else!
1	If your thinking about coming here think again. The place has been out of business for a few months.
