3	My wife and I recently purchased a home. It is an older home, so there is a lot work to do. My father, who lives in another state, introduced me to Harbor Freight on his last trip out here. While, I don't do a lot of shopping at Harbor Freight, they are a good place to find very very cheap supplies and tools. They aren't the greatest quality, but many times they can do the job. I particularly like HF for the painting supplies (tarps, rollers, buckets, etc), and stuff for organization in the garage. This location is very convenient as it is right behind Home Depot. This allows for hitting up HF before a trip to Home Depot where most things costs a heck of a lot more.
4	I thought the store was bigger at one time. The prices can't be beat. I walked in just to browse and found a hair clippers kit for 6.99 Score. And yard sale signs for 67 cents. TRIPLE SCORE. I'd stop in to browse the tools and many other items for sale. They have Parking lot sales all the time. And the customer service can't be beat.
3	good place for cheep tools you plan to use only once since the quality of the tools suck
3	Roland & Lilly are my favorite! they are very cool, knowledgable and very professional!  The older white female manager needs an attitude adjustment and perhaps coaching in diplomacy & management! I only go in to shop when she's not there! otherwise, I would of rated higher.
4	I love this place.  Cheap, decent quality tools.  I've had Craftsmen tools that broke before the Pittsburgh stuff did.
4	Cheap tools galore.  I have bought some power tools, hand tools, and even an air compressor from here.  Everything's hit or miss.  Some stuff works as well as the name brands and some stuff fall apart after a few uses. I would probably stay away from the more expensive machinery and any precision equipment(I wouldn't use their torque wrench to rebuild my tranny, but I would use it for tires).
5	Went there a couple of days after Black Friday for the first time ever. I was pretty impressed by their prices. Ended up buying a couple of things for our kitchen and the garden. About a week later, they had a green house on their ad, that we were interested in. Since they didn't have it in the store, the manager gave us a rain check and let us use their store coupon. We were pretty happy and are now the proud owners of a pretty decent green house.
5	There are only a few stores that I can spend hours in.  There are certain stores I don't like to bring my wife with me also.  Harbor Freight Tools is that place.  I get the flyers in the mail and start my wish list.  It's like when a a kid gets the Toys R Us catalog.  One has to approach Harbor Freight Tools a little different.  Are you a professional contractor that has multiple jobs weekly?  Well then this place probably isn't for you.  You might want to spend a few bucks more to get some better power tools. Are you the weekend warrior or the DYI home owner?  Then, this is your place.  They have a lot of great tools that won't be used all the time, but will get the job done. These tools won't break you wallet either.  I have purchased some specialty tools here that I needed for certain jobs and they were great.  I have also purchased a cordless power drill that was a piece of garbage and waste of money.  The trick is to go see the quality of the tool and then see how often you will use it.  If you only need it a few times and it's pretty cheap, then get it!  Overall this place is awesome.  I love going here and finding some great deals.  You have to come check this place out.  Cheers!
5	Been coming to this location off and on... they are always busy! They have cool coupons that people apparently do not READ. Their 20% clearly READS : cannot combine with any other coupon etc... this means even the free item coupon.  I agree because they have run out of items due to the misunderstanding of combining these!  I read many poor reviews based on MISUNDERSTANDINGS at this establishment...SO! I hope I can 'yelp' and set the record straight for those poor cashiers dealing with illiterates. This place has a few old timers whom I will gladly give my business to because they tell it like it is!  (Peg, deanna,paula)I'd like to see this company grow to where they can get more detailed info about online items they do not carry, because they often get berated for not carrying something that clearly is beyond their control to carry or not carry. Just by looking at their transaction processes they are still running off a system installed from the 80's which I hope they grow out of. Thankfully, they know me by name and treat me great even with my southern sarcasm and handicap and my ethnicity! Thank you!!
4	Nice prices! If you need a cheap tool to get a quick job done this is your store. But if you need a wrench that you plan on handing down to your grandchildren I don't think this is the place for that kind of quality.Also if you plan of shopping here don't forget to use a coupon as well as in store deals of the week. Who knows you might need something on sale that week.
4	Great spot for cheaper prices on tools.
5	This is the only Harbor Freight that I have gone to and I absolutely love going there. All the staff is friendly and has a proactive approach to assisting customers. If they see you looking for something they will ask to assist you. That's great customer service. When your done finding all your items at close to dirt cheap and you go to check out. The cashiers are very friendly and like to engage the customers in casual and friendly conversations filled with jokes and smiles. I love the prices, the service, and the people that work so hard to make that store a great customer experience. I will definitely return to this place and I am a loyal customer.P.s. look for coupons. Save a ton of cash when you go there.
3	"Harbor Without Water"I come in sometimes, usually after drinking with the homeless guys out front. It's not a terribly impressive place, but they have good prices on less than high-end tools. I've purchased a tool box and workbench here, as well as a set of O-rings that will last me 10 lifetimes. The box is kind of crooked but the workbench is solid enough for odd jobs and sex. It even has a vice for pleasure/pain and felt-lined drawers for lubricant and condoms. I'll likely come again when I'm feeling smug and need a figurative beatdown and Budweiser. I leave the homeless dudes a twenty every time so they are always happy to share. There's a reason us tool dudes call it Harbor Fright instead of Harbor Freight, but I'll take a gander you can figure out why.See you on the elevator to Hell.
5	Everytime I come in, it nothing but exceptional service. They even helped me load a toolbox in my civic!
5	Damn, forgot to check in && a take a picture of this place. It is pretty sweet inside. I was so overwhelmed with all the things they had on sale. They have a lot of inexpensive stuff. Unfortunately I wasn't there for me. But I will be back soon.
5	Lots of tools and misc.  If you know what you're doing and what you want, you can get a great deal.  Be warned, there are lower quality goods lurking as well, so know your purchase product.
