4	Have an Arrogant Bastard for me, will ya?
4	Cool little place.I needed a break from the poker room and sports book @ the MGM so I came over to NY NY to watch some college basketball (sweat out the Georgetown 1st round cover!).   Pour 24 is nice, the name of the game is beers from around the world, 24 different varietys on tap.   Of the 7 or 8 I downed while watching basketball (was amazed by the WKU/Drake final btw!)   my favorite was a porter made with hints of coffee.   These are mostly domestic, micro brews from various parts of the country.   The menu explains the various qualities of each beer.   Decent TV's, freindly staff.   If you like beer, check it out.
4	Giddy up - I love beer!  I asked if a particular beer was good, and the bartender said he was not a good person to ask since he liked all of them!  So after my taste of the Hawaiian passion fruit beer, and I was hooked.  For $7, it was completely reasonably priced, comparatively, and the bartender was very friendly and accommodating.  Had the casino at New York New York not had an arcade, I would have plopped myself down and enjoyed another  beer (so many good ones to choose from) watching some sort of baseball game.  A great place to have a good beer in the midst of this massive mall / casino / hotel.  Especially when it seems everywhere else only had over-priced, run-of-the-mill American bottles.
4	Pour is a small fun spot within NY NY casino.  Its designed in a square, with bartenders, liquor and beer in the middle, and the bar all the way around.  It gives you a great people watching opportunity.I went on a Wednesday Night/Thursday 3am and the only thing exciting was watching all the hookers work their shit.  It was actually quite comical to see it all go down.Came back the next night exact time, and it was a great crowd of people visiting the town.  Had awesome conversations, good drinks.  The bartenders were willing to converse, even offered a pack of smokes, and because of the timing....The Olympics were awesome to watch!
5	Located above the gaming floor on the "shop level" inside New York New York casino, Pour is a welcome sight for beer lovers. Now, Las Vegas seems to specialize in fizzy yellow beer and silly tall things in funky glasses. Well...that may be just fine unless you really like good beer. At pour I was able to have three of my favorites on tap! Stone Brewing's Arrogant Bastard and  Ruination as well as a chance  to have Brutal Bitter from Rogue. I also was able to try Firewalker  Ales from a brewery I had heard great things about. It was super!
4	Located in front of Coyote Ugly at the New York New York Casino, they have hand-crafted beers that are traditionally brewed.    They also have a pretty full bar for non beer drinkers like myself travelling with beer enthusiasts like my bf.  If you ask, they'll let you sample some of the beers before choosing.  Don't be annoying and take advantage of that by asking for a zillion samples!!  Also, NO you may not use POUR 24 seats to drink your Coyote Ugly blended drinks.
4	Given the paucity of good craft beer selections in Vegas, this place gets a high star rating.  Prices are reasonable for Vegas too, considering that many of these same beers would cost you the same price in a top notch beer bar that isn't in a city like Vegas.  They were open mid morning which was perfect for me to enjoy my Dogfish Head Pale Ale shortly after breakfast.  Bar is made of cracked glass fragments that is quite cool.
5	I came here since I read good reviews on yelp and it was totally worth dropping by.  Took my bf here and he loved it.  It's kind of surprising it's just an open bar since I thought it was an actual inside venue of some sort but it was ok.  I think I may would enjoy it more if it wasn't next to the annoying people going to Coyote Ugly but it's great.  There's some great beers you can't find in many places which my bf loved.  He went back right after he finished his first beer and asked if we can trek back to get some more. LOL.
4	Every time my husband and I travel to Vegas (usually about 3 times a year), he INSISTS on stopping by Pour 24 for a beer. And every time, I kind of complain, and ask why, out of all the bars in Vegas that we haven't been to, we have to go THERE.And then we end up sitting there for, like, 3 hours, having a great time.My husband loves that they carry Stone IPA and Stone Ruination IPA, his two favorite beers, and I love that the bartenders are generally really friendly and knowledgeable, and pretty quick to serve you. Oh, and I also loooove people-watching. The characters that frequent that "bar" outside Coyote Ugly and purchase those overpriced slushy drinks in footballs and the like, are usually very entertaining. The prices are fairly reasonable, they have a great selection of craft beers, a full bar, and quick service, and are at a convenient location (inside the second level of the NY NY Casino, right next to the bridge to the MGM Grand).
4	My boyfriend and his two friends and I stopped by Pour 24 @ NYNY because we heard good things about the beer on tap here. Las Vegas is the playground for UCLA college kids, so my experiences led me to expect the best beer in Las Vegas to be Miller Lite. YUCK.Got lucky and they had Dogfish Head 60 min IPA on tap, along with Rogue's Shakespeare Stout, both of which we ordered. Then we decided to get crazy and order the giant souvenir bottle (68 oz for $29.95?!?! Sweet!) which we actually refilled twice before we left the hotel. Nothing like drunken roaming around the NYNY hotel and casino! Thanks to Eddie the bartender for getting my bf and our friends and I very very drunk on good craft beer. Definitely stopping by next time I'm in town!
3	If you're looking for cozy ambiance and a hearty pint, Pour 24 is not the place to be. This is a slick contempo-bar, surrounded by enormous plasma screens and overlooking the casino floor. You can occasionally hear drunk teenagers screaming from the recesses of the hotel--that is, if you can block out the noise of midwestern college football fans. That being said, it has an impressive selection of beers for those in the know. I ordered a six glass "create your own" flight of domestic microbrews for about $20 with tip. As expected, the performers were Firestone Pale Ale, Deschutes Black Butte and Rogue Shakespeare Stout. On the tail end, Primo Island Lager confirms my suspicion that Hawaiians should stick to tropical drinks. Other old friends on the menu include Dogfish Head and Stone Ruination. While the menu is promising, the beers are served a bit too cold for a proper tasting. The stout, for instance, was poured just above freezing, losing much of its complexity and flavor. I know I can't expect a casino bar to respond to my sensitivities, so if you truly want to *taste* these beers, let them settle on the bar for a few minutes. The reward is just about worth the price of admission.
4	This is a great little bar on the 2nd level of New York - New York Hotel & Casino (right next to Coyote Ugly). They've got a great selection of bears and other liquor. My husband enjoyed what he got, and it looked like everyone else there did as well. Only problem is that it can be so busy up there because of Coyote Ugly, so sometimes it's a little hard to get up to the bar and noticed.
3	We stopped here on a Thursday night for a drink. I guess since it wasn't the weekend yet it wasn't too loud or crowded, and we easily found 4 seats together at the bar. The bartender came over right away, and he had some good suggestions for what we might like.  The price is just ok for this area in Vegas, but the beer on tap selection is about as good as it gets.   The main drawback was that they no longer carry either of the first 2 beers I wanted (Wailua Wheat or Mothership Wit) so I had to pick something else, and when I suggested they should update the menu, the bartender seemed a little put off.
4	On the second floor of New York New York hotel/casino. When everything else closes, Pour 24 stays open (open 24 hours). Good selection of craft and micro brew beers on tap that is rotated regularly. Only 1 bartender working late night, poor thing. I'm sure he hears and sees a lot at that hour. We were there from 3am-5am and had good conversation with many people who were stopping by for a drink. The sucky thing is that the bathrooms are down on the first floor.
5	In addition to the other reviews, I might add that they have Stone IPA on tap...sweet!
4	Great beer selection, and awesome drink special! Buy a large 64oz bottle you can carry around for $30 and refill as many times as you want for $15! Great deal! If you buy individual beers they are over $7 each so the big bottle made sense!It's located in the New York New York Hotel and Casino, so it's a little loud, and feels like you're still in the casino, but still definitely a great place to go!
4	I was tempted to give them 3 stars because I think they could do better, but compared to the beer offerings of most vegas joints, they're rock solid. They've got 24 beers on tap, many of the craft brew variety, but I don't recall many off the top of my head. Last time there, I had Young's Double Chocolate Stout and Stone Arrogant Bastard. I know they had Primo Lager, Stone IPA, DFH 60 Minute IPA... I can't remember what else. Would love it if they would expand their craft offerings a bit, but with many of the tourists opting for bud or corona, I guess they feel there's no need to.Pints are mostly around $7. As others have noted, Pour 24 is right next to Coyote Ugly, so it makes for good people watching - douchebags and the douchebagguettes that love them are everywhere.FYI - If you stay at nyny, the resort fee includes two drinks, which can be had at Pour 24.
4	great variety, and you can get as many tastings as your heart desires!
5	Pour24 is not only on of my favorite bars in Vegas but anywhere. I went there a couple years ago on a trip to Vegas to my birthday so when I went this past week with my boyfriend, I decided to hit them up again, and again, and again. I think we went to this bar 5 times during the course of our week in Vegas.The bartenders are all so funny and friendly and quick to recommend drinks. I had some of the best beers I've ever had at this bar. I highly recommend the Purple Haze and the Moose Drool if you go and they have it on tap. Also for the most bang for your buck, do the tasting menu. You can pick anywhere between 4 and 6 beers for $14-19.I plan on going back to Vegas this summer for a girl's weekend and when I will definitely be stopping by here again.
5	best bar i've found in vegas for unique beer selection and friendly bartenders.    it's not really a standalone bar, it's in the upstairs level of NYNY on the way to Excalibur.
4	Pour 24 is a great place to get a beer in las vegas.  I always had put this on my list of places to stop by on my first few trips to vegas but never made it here.  The last few trips I always make sure to stop by.  I love good craft beer, and really enjoy pale ale beers.  They've got plenty of both to choose from at this place.  It's right on the upstairs level right next to coyote ugly and is a good place to sit down, have a beer, and if you enjoy people watching (which I do) a good place to do that as well.  The bartenders are helpful if you're not much of a big beer drinker or are only used to the miller, budwieser, national chain stuff.  They run about $7 a beer if I'm not mistaken.  However, I always encourage to buy a passport book from the zumanity box office for $25 which gets you a free beer at pour 24, free pint at nine fine irishmen, free drink at the center bar, free drink and free admission at the bar at times square, along with a free roller coaster ride and free admission to rok.  My only reason for giving 4 stars was a couple trips ago when they were out of a lot of the beers I wanted to try and the most recent one where they had completely removed the firestone ipa from the menu.  There are still a number of good beers to enjoy.
4	Pour 24 is a small little bar near the crossing bridges between NYNY and MGM/Excalibur.  It's a good place for a beer and for people watching.  There are a lot of interesting people walking in and out of this hotel.  Good and bad. :p24 beers on tap.  Say no more.  They have tastes for all speeds of beer drinkers.   Regular domestics, gentle crafts, hoppy micros, fruity wheats, everything.  They seem to change their selections every once in a while so that's good for everybody.We decided to start off easy but I'm not one to drink something that i can get closer to home so we decided on a Big Sky Moosedrool and Abita Purple Haze.  Both brews were very good.  Moose drool was like a crafted Newcastle but a little sweeter and Purple Haze was a fruit infused wheat that was not too sweet at all.  Both refreshing.Our second round went to the Blue Moon Honey Wheat and the Rogue Stout.  Polar opposites.  The Honey Wheat was a little sweet for me but it was very tasty.  The Stout was a little more my speed.  It was very hoppy for a stout but that's a good thing.  Very heavy and very bitter.  Good.We only had an hour or so before we had to get ready for dinner so we had to stick to only 2 brews a piece.  If in the area, we will definitely come back to see what's new on tap.
4	Choice...It's what Vegas is all about, it seems, and Pour24 is situated right at the crossroads offering choice of scenery, choice of beer, and the choice to just slow down and chill out...The location is prime for people watching as foot traffic converges from all sides - the MGM walkway, the Excalibur walkway, NYNY casino floor escalator. With no walls & no booths, if you can see them, they can see you... A few yards away, the oft hilarious spectacle of d-baggery plays out at Coyote Ugly. And if hunger strikes, Nathan's Hot Dogs is a short stumbling walk away.More importantly, Pour24 offers the widest selection of beer on tap that I've seen along most of the strip AND doesn't break your wallet in the process. I'll take their $6/$7 pints of craftbeer anyday over the exorbitantly marked up bottled beers on the casino floor bars. Hmmm, 24 taps and a wide array versus four or five common bottles...?And service? The bartenders at Pour24 have been some of the friendlier bar staff I've encountered in Vegas! Attentive, eager to make recommendations, doling out tasting pours and quick-witted conversation; these guys seem to like what they do.Anytime I go to Vegas, especially if I'm staying at NYNY, Pour24 is on my "must do" list.________________________No rush. No hype. No pretense. Just beer, beer, people watch, and beer.That's a stacked deck in my favor.Choice made easy.I'll be back.
5	Pour24 is one of the best spots for quality beer on the strip.  24 beers on tap, full bar, more beer in bottles, and jello shots (no kidding).  They also have several wide screen tvs to watch sports, video poker, and great people watching.
3	My wife and I stopped here after seeing Zumanity the night before Halloween. Fortunately there were a ton of people out and about in their costumes. We wanted to find a place where we could have a drink and watch people. This place fit the bill perfectly. Fortunately for us we had a couple free drink coupons, so we didn't have to pay. However, the prices aren't too bad for a great selection of craft and microbrews ($6-7). I had a Sin City Amber and the wife had a Sam Adams Cherry Wheat. They had a lot of good beer here from places like Sierra Nevada, Alaska, Abita, Rogue, Stone, etc. This place has a better selection than a lot of other bars in Vegas. Being a Friday night NYNY was pretty hopping, but this place wasn't overwhelmingly full, though you would have thought so watching the bartenders running around, that was really my only issue with this place. Even with the free drink coupons, I tip well, so I was hoping for a bit better service. I will chalk it up to a bad night, and will go again, especially as a place to meet friends staying on the Strip.Fun place, and we will be back.
4	Kiosk style multi tap bar/area. Its a nice place to walk up and grap a beer. Whats nice is that a lot of the beer is craft. Way better than $8 Budweiser around the corner. Very convenient stopping point, no real vibe.
4	Decent and cold beers in an awesome location for people watching.  I especially enjoyed the pink gorilla at the magic shop across the way that was rigged to growl when people touched it.
5	Great beers on tap!  Four IPAs, Stone Ruination, a couple of stouts, great service.  A great time with excellent beer.
5	I love this place! Best beer in LV! 'Nuff said.
3	This place is all about convenience.It is convenient to grab a drink while friends are waiting in line.It is convenient to get a refill as you walk from hotel to hotel.Therefore (no suprise) it is conveniently over priced.I appreciate the craft beers - some of my favs on tap, Fat Tire, Mirror Pond, Moose Drool. And I do appreciate that you can people watch like CRAZY at this spot, but I wouldn't stay and hang out. I will however be grabbing a drink ever so often as I stroll by.
3	Not too bad of a spot to grab a decent beer on the strip. Too bad they pour cheater pints.....
3	Decent selection of craft beers and good location overlooking the casino at MGM. Overpriced but it's the strip. I think the best deals are the build your own flight. You can pick 4, 6, or 8 six ounce samples from the 24 drafts on hand.As other reviews mentioned there are better choices off the strip (Freakin Frog being my favorite) for craft beet price and selection but this is a good strip choice. The bartender on duty was fast and friendly but didn't seem to have any beer opinions.
4	This place is great for a craft beer to stay or to go!  They have 24 good craft beers on tap (obvi). It's in the heart of the NY NY hotel, overlooking the casino area which is fun while you're sitting enjoying your beer!  Worth a stop for sure!
3	For those that loves to drink beer, this is the place for you! It is located on the 2nd floor of New York New York Hotel, a very casual place to enjoy lots of different drinks. If you want a fast drink or just to relax, you might enjoy this hang out
4	Located near the escalator that brings you down to the casino floor.  I think I just ordered a beer and maybe a shot.  Nothing special, I wouldn't hang out here the whole night.  Also there is a ton of foot traffic going by it which I guess can be good if you like to people watch.  I gave it 4 stars because the service was good, and it was easy to grab a drink fast.
3	Interesting selection of beers on draft and build your own flight options. If you are interested in craft brews, you probably should check it out if you're around. However, the bartender wasn't knowledgeable about the beers, so he didn't provide a good recommendation.
3	A circular bar on the gaming floor in the casino. Came in for a drink before heading back up to our room. The bartender immediately greeted us and took our order. Two double well drinks was close to $30.00 with tip. Drinks were made strong which is what was paid for. Not much was going on, no music nor entertainment. Boring so we took our drinks on the walk to our room.
4	Lots of beer choices, nice open seating area and really friendly bar staff! They didn't try to run me off because I got a frozen drink from the place next door and came back to sit with my friends.
4	Sweet!!!!   A nice walk-by place to get some craft brews as you are pasing through NY/NY.  I stoped by at the bar for a sampler of micros including: *  Sin City Stout - Vegas*  Tenaya Creek Nut Brown - Vegas*  Dead lift IPA - Portland*  Uinta WYLD extra pale - SLCYou can enjoy some people watching while sipping your brews and plan your next location.  Bartenders were pretty cool.
4	When in Vegas, pass by this bar! Great beer choices. Too bad they dropped the preset "4 course meals", now you can assemble your own "flight" of 4 tasting glasses. Our waiter was great and took the time to find the perfect matches together with us.
3	They have jello shots, however I think they are just that...jello, and no alcohol lol
5	I love it! Our bartender Manny was awesome! We came there two nights in a row to drink at 3am and he was always friendly and kept up his professionalism all while making small talk with us. Drinks aren't cheap, we ran up the bill pretty quick..but heyy, it's worth it in Vegas. So yeah..if you're looking for a quick place to stop by and get a good buzz or drunk during your walk around New York-New York, I definitely think this is the place.
3	An "OK" place to get a beer. I tried this place twice during my visit. The first night I could only get one beer! Maybe the severs didn't think I deserved two? The second visit was much better. I got to try a couple of local craft beers that are not available in my area. Always good to try something new. This is by no means a hang-out kind of bar but good for a beer or two.
2	Like Chip S. said in his review. This is not a place that you intentionally come to drink. This is the place you stop at in order to get off your feet and figure out where you're going to go next, all the while drinking a cold beer. I kinda have a weird quirk where I test the quality of a bartender by their Bloody Mary's and this one was just ok. The beers are truly the only thing to get here because it's so expensive. I did not care paying 12$ for a pretty small BM. Our bartender was quite un-attentive and it frustrated me. There were 5 people sitting at the bar and I almost had to beg him to make me another drink.
3	Good for what it is, namely, a haven for beer enthusiasts.  But, I mean, how good could it be when it's the size of a couple of pool tables and smack dab between the casino floor and the walkway to the Strip?  As many seem to have been saying, it's a stop, not a destination.  I recall that they used to serve 68 oz beers, but if I remember correctly, they'll only refill one of the bottles now, they won't sell a new one.  Double edged sword there: 15 bucks for 68 oz of beer is a hell of a deal, particularly in Vegas, but you'll either drink way too much way too fast, or you'll be drinking warm beer.  The former circumstance might see you hugging the porcelain, and the latter is just unpleasant.
5	This is a great bar to stop by and grab a quick drink or have a seat and enjoy the people watching. Unlike most  of the reviews, I go to Pour 24 intentionally whenever I am in town. The bartenders are friendly,  the drinks are strong (which helps because they are $$$) and the location can't be beat if you like people watching.Jello shots are 2/$5 or $3 each. They are small, as are most jello shot specials in any bar. You can order pizza from the pizza place across the way, and they will bring it to you.This bar is non-smoking.
3	I was very excited when I heard about Pour 24. As a beer snob, I figured I would be there all the time. Well...I wasn't. It's easy to miss Pour 24, or not realize that it has a decent beer selection. It just looks like a bar parked next to an escalator overlooking a casino. Pretty standard. The selection is good, but not as great as I had hoped for. Each beer seems to run about $8 which seems average. Service is a bit slow, even when it's not too busy, and very utilitarian - "You want beer? I get you beer. You give me money. And tip." They seem to know the beers, but not really have a passion for beer.
4	9 fine Irishmen closes at 2 and if the pints of Guinness and the Jameson shots have not already got you thinking about going back to the room or going straight to a slot machine to spend the rest of your money, then head over to pour 24 that is also at the New York New York and NEVER closes.  Flights of beer and house made cocktails.  My beerathon included-Sin City Stout-Tenaya Creek Nut brown ale-Dogfish Head 60 min IPA-and the overall favorite(One of my all time favorites)Big Sky Mooose Drool
4	Great place to stop and have a beer inside of New York, New York. Small little bar that is along a main concourse, and overlooks the casino floor. Tons of choices on tap, and when we were there they were nice and cold. It was a great spot to stop and rest the aching feet, people watch and enjoy a cold one. I definitely suggest stopping by. Bonus, there are pretzel and hotdog stands nearby for a cheap snack to go with your brew if you like.
3	It's a bar.  In the middle of a ridiculously busy walkway.  It's not a place that you'd ever take someone to or think of as a good place to hang out with people.  But the selection is good, and the prices aren't horrendous for Vegas.  Nothing really special about it.  Can't really think of a good reason to go back, but if I'm walking through NYNY for some reason, I may stop by and grab a quick drink.
4	I've never done the pro's and con's but this place deserves it:PROS:Craft beer cocktails24 draft beers$6 happy hour draft beer (2-6 PM I think)you can order and eat pizza at the barCONS:feels like you're in some bullsh t indoor suburban shopping mallbartender seemed a bit tired of the touristy crowd.  Just ask people where they're from and they'll tip you more.  I know you have to do this every single time, but it just makes people think they're welcome and they'll stay longer at your bar.  Vegas has way too many bars with old dudes who don't talk much and just seem like life has worn their personalities down to a stump.  I know most tourists don't care to talk to bartenders, but I do.  Plus, I'd rather hit a bar with a hot, young female bartender, but in this case it was out of convenience and my love of beer cocktails, the oh-so-cool new big thing along with apertif cocktails
4	This place has a bunch of beers on tap and provides a great view of the casino below you, which is my favorite part about it. We didn't stay long but it was a cool place to hang out in between gambling. Worth stopping by for a drink or two.
4	Quite possibly one of my most frequented spots in Vegas. If only to grab a Red Bull and vodka walking between MGM and New York New York. It's fast and quick and a great place to sit for a drink and people watch. Right around 2am is when it get interesting....hell, it's Vegas so it's always interesting. I have noticed every year I come back....the vodka Red Bulls increase in price. See you in 2014 Pour 24.....I miss you already
5	6 buck drafts and new york style pizza. BEST COMBINATION EVER. The draft list is pretty impressive and the bartenders are really laid back.Pour 24 is located right next to Coyote Ugly. It's a little pop up bar that is really casual and like someone else mentioned, is usually just for passerby's who are stopping for a quick drink. I would definitely recommend this bar if you're thirsty for a cold pint and a quick bite. The beer is  cold, cheap, and you have a wide selection to chose from.
5	Best, most conveniently located small craft beer bar in Vegas. Bar tenders always have a great demeanor and willingness to assist and explain as well as accommodate for simple things like a channel change for the TV or suggestions of food. Simple, delicious and a must go if you're in the area. Jason was my bar tender tonight and he was kind, accommodating and attentive. No pretentious beer snob attitude which added to the over all experience. Sin City Stout is a favorite and the Ballast Point Black Marlin Porter is delicious as well. If yours in Las Vegas and you like real, craft, flavorful beer... this is a must!
4	Stopped by since we saw they had happy hour 4am-4pm Since it was 9am it was a perfect time for a quick stop before hitting the casinos . The bar overlooks the casino floor . This bar is perfect for a quick stop I wouldn't sit here all day and drink since it's right by a small food court and kids around . I had a local imperial stout (I think brewery was sin city ) it was delicious and my boyfriend and I didn't mind the different selections of beer compared to other bars
4	Not much of a beer drinker but they did have a couple of yummy beers on tap. The bar is open and a great place to people watch as you have a nice conversation with a perfect stranger.
4	Stop here almost every time we are in Vegas. Jell-o shots and redbull vodkas! We usually see the same bartenders too which is nice. Good service!
4	I enjoy drinking real ale in the UK, so I liked this bar as it had a good selection of craft beers.The only problems I can see is how open the bar is, glass walls and doors would improve it.Also NYNY should install a toilet block on this upper level for Coyote Ugly, Pour 24 and other customers to use.
4	Nice little place to sit, people watch, and drink some craft beers. Our bartender Bruce was nice and let us sample several beers. You can use your resort credit here too if you are staying at NYNY.
3	Eh, it's a bar. It's an external (non-enclosed) bar on the 2nd floor of NYNY near coyote Ugly and the Hershey store. No gaming at the bar. Nice and attentive bartenders. Better than average beer offerings. There's definitely better places with better beer offerings. But if you're in NYNY and craving a good beer, this is your best bet.
4	This was a great little find - totally on accident!  We went to NYNY to hang out at the Coyote Ugly.. We were in town to celebrate my twin neices 21st Bday. I saw a sign that said Jell-o Shots and of course I had to grab a few for the new drinkers. Our Bartender that night was Mike.. He was awesome! super friendly very sweet & helpful. I say helpful because the girls had not found a drink they liked yet. He took the time to ask them questions and made them raspberry vodka lemon drop shots.. which they had to many of.. He also introduced them to Mai Tais.. He made us grown ups Cadillac Margaritas that were awesome.. It was quick great service while on the fly walking through the casino. We will definitely stop by again to say hi & have a great cocktail.. or two or three.
