2	Roses is a N.C. discount store chain from Henderson that somehow survived near extinction and hitched a ride to east Charlotte.  Its like a cross between Big Lots and K-Mart, circa 1990.  I was mildly excited about the opening of this new location and mildly dissapointed about what I found.Granted, I had low expectations but holy moly, what did I know?  This store has a random selection of canned grocery goods, ficus trees, cheaply made clothing, housewares, and discount-quality furniture.  Like every other Roses, the selection is sporadic and more-of-the-same. The electronics department has cheap headphones, telephones, and boomboxes and the DVD's are mere $4.  And if you need a cheap coffee table or rocking chairs, here's your store  Bags of pet bedding? Yep!  Hokey AS-SEEN-ON-TV products, got 'em too!I don't abhor Roses like certain mega-retailer from them-there hills of Arkansas.  Big Lots and Ollie's consistently satisfy my cravings for random stuff at cheap prices.  But if you must satisfy your retail curiosity, please don't visit Roses uninformed.
1	Went in here for the first time frantically looking for an "ugly" holiday sweater for the December Yelp event.  When all hope was almost lost, I asked the store associate if they carried any holiday sweaters... they only carried sweatshirts... but that was good enough for me.I usually drive by this place going up and down Independence a lot, but I didn't realize how big this store really was.  I did wait in line for what seemed to be ages (they were only running 2 registers and they were taking their sweet time too).  So Roses bailed me out... but didn't make me feel all that great either.  I was getting eyed by some of the customers while waiting in line... Usually I think it's people staring for no reason [my own paranoia], but I felt like I was either on fire or I had something on my face.  It got so bad that I was super relieved when it was time to check out and I RAN outside.  Not just because I was running late to meet some friends, but it was definitely time to get out of there.
5	I love to shop at Roses.  When I lived in Greensboro, I recall shopping there quite regularly.  Now that they are in the Charlotte area, I will visit often.  The isles are uncluttered.  I find that walking through the store, they have lots and lots of things I normally have to look around to find.   The prices are great and I have been pleased with the items I recently purchased.  Roses is like a mini department store and is definitely worth a visit.
4	Bumping the store down a notch for lack of customer service skills when answering the phone.
