1	I am rockabilly to the core.In fact I write and shoot for a national hot rod magazine. So after doing some research I found the pigs and pomps hair salon and I was estatic at the prospect of getting serviced at what I had hoped to be a billy salon. BTW I would like to also mention that I am hardcore butch witha family. Anyways, my partner and I rolled up with our toddler in tow to the pigs and pomps salon on Rainbow. Who knew that what I hoped to be a  hardcore alternative salon would be nestled in the middle of a recently built strip mall in the upper echelon hood.  I was really put off by that but my wife needed an edgey cut and I was in need of a fade. We walked in only to be greeted by the PTA. I was mortified that the only woman working was a frumpy soccerr mom in dowdy non descript tan colored clothes sporting flat blonde hair. She was working on barbie wannabe milf and her teenager daughter. Why cant botox queens just accept that they should age with grace and dignity and never try to look like they're daughter its morally wrong. I digress, all eyes on us the lesbian rockabilly family. Yah know, I get enough crap for being gay and I gotta hold my own in the culture I love which is filled with hardcore badass car and bike guys. So, getting the cold shoulder from the very same people who ruined hot topic was unerving. I should never feel out of placein a business whose name would imply that it caters to the billy community. Will i ever go back? Never. First impressions are golden. I wasnt greeted by a spunky 20 something covered in tats with multicolored hair and thats who I expected to be serviced by. Old soccerr moms would screw up my wifes hair and shes gotta know what a five zero is or she will screw up my cut. As a business owner of a place that is alternative you should be choosing your stylists more wisely. The way they look speaks volumes for your company. If you owned susies flower shop and the woman working that day greeted me I would buy flowers from her. But this is a salon named pig and pomps, not susies midlife crisis trying to regain her youth salon. It dosent matter if you employee 49 tattooed employees and this one stylist was fullfilling your EEO qouta. All that matters is that she was the one reprenting your business  that day and is the reason why I and my partner will not be returning. After a lil more digging I see that pigs and pomps caters to more of the  elite upper class society, and that its more of a kitsch trendy title than a mantra. Its sad when an alternative salon sells out to the yuppies.My style isnt a trend its my culture.
5	I've been getting my haircut by Crystal for 3 years now and I love her cuts.  She is great with all types of hair, but especially great at Asian hair, which is what kind of hair I have.  Ever since I've been going to her, I always get compliments on my hair from everyone-- from hipsters to grandmas.  The salon is nice and convenient for me to get to.  Once you find someone who knows how to cut your hair, you only go to them.  Well, Crystal is that for me.
3	The first time I went in, Lisa was amazing.  She fixed my cut and did a great job.  I called her about a week and a half ago for a trim and waited but got no call back.  Therefore, I walked in and figured that her colleagues would take good care of me.  Kate did a good job but really didn't do very well on my son. Yes, he's a toddler but- she could have been more easy about him.  She just kind of threw up her hands and he left how he left....but she charged me the same- incomplete haircut or not.I don't think I would go back to her because she was slightly pretentious whereas Lisa wasn't. Its a convenient location with decent service- hence the 3 stars.
1	I was looking for a new place to get my nails done and when I called for information the gal that answered the phone kept interrupting me and had NO idea what she was talking about. She did not know prices for a fill or even what technique the tech used. I will NOT be going in to try the salon simply because they cannot answer the phone properly.. how do I know that they can do nails properly??
3	When I came into the salon I was greeted by an aesthetically pleasing environment, and the overall cleanliness of the salon was satisfactory. However, I came in with the simple task of getting an eye-brow waxing and it seemed as if none of the staff knew had to do a waxing. After waiting apx 10 minutes, someone finally approached me and was able to complete the task.This was an overall good experience, hence the 3 stars.
1	This was one of the worst hair colorings I have EVER had, and I have had some bad ones.  To start off with I was told, the wait would be thirty minutes.  When I returned 32 minutes later, she told me she had waited for an hour and now I would have to wait an additional 20 minutes.  I left and returned 20 minutes later and sat for another 10 minutes.  My hair color was atrocious.  I looked like a scarecrow.   I had brought a picture in and thought I was clear in telling her what I wanted, but ended up with half of my dark brown bleached blond.  I seriously went straight from the salon to CVS to buy a bottle of dye to cover up the mess.  Way overpriced.  I had been to this salon prior and I paid 125 for cut color and tip.  It was 155 today and I didn't even get a cut, just a trim. Now I see she tacked an extra 30 dollars onto my card which I will have to straighten out tomorrow.  BTW, I saw Hazel.  I recommend you don't.
5	I get my extensions done by Mitchie here.  She's wonderful.  Not only does she do a good job, but she's also a genuinely authentic and sweet person.  I 100% recommend Mitchie.
4	I love Melanie, I wish I could go more but due to my busy schedule I can't always get there. This girl can cut hair!!! I have mid-length curly hair and she cuts my hair dry and knows how to layer it. DEFINATELY try her out. She is about 35-40 for a cut, a little pricey, but worth IT!
5	Tony is the best! Not only does he listen to the clients wishes, but he always has creative input. Always squeezes me in, and decent prices. Centrally located. Not too bad to look at either!
5	I walked in with my 13 year old and we were immediately welcomed by Heather. She took so much time showing Khloe how to maintain her new style and even taught her how to use a flat iron. I'm thoroughly impressed and amazed by Heather's attitude and professionalism. Khloe loves her drastic new style and we owe it all to Heather. Thank you!
5	I showed up around 3:30pm for my cut, style & color. I really loved how it turned out! My stylist Bunny did an awesome job in taking her time and suggesting new things to me since it's been a while since I've had anything done to my hair. Well, considering that my hair is really thick & long, it took a while to get it cut to the right length. I kept my natural dark hair color on top and we did the ombre on the bottom with a caramel brown tone. She was very friendly and made me feel like a regular because it was my first time! It was well worth the time and money I spent.  I would definitely refer my friends/family there and I look forward to going back to get my cuts & touch up again :)
5	I usually dont get my hair cut at a saloon but I decided to splurge a little instead of getting a $12 great clips hair cu t(they charge 25 for a mens hair cut). I was very impressed, visually the place is very appealing (as so was my stylist, Bunnie). Its very contemporary looking, and feels very stylish. I could tell my stylist took great care in what she did, paid very close attention to detail. My hair honestly has never looked better.  Good Luck!
5	I just recently moved to the area and was looking for a salon that had an edgy style and understood my type of hair.  KC did an awesome job making me feel comfortable and explained everything he was doing step by step.  He took the time to get my input on exactly what I was looking for and made suggestions to make my hair look amazing!  I had read a few of the reviews and was apprehensive about coming to this salon, but KC did such a wonderful job that I'm glad I came.  He put all my worries at ease and I will definitely be back!  The other stylists also seemed very friendly and professional, but I recommend KC 100%!
1	All i wanted was for my bangs to be trimmed not butchered!!! I will now have to wear my bangs pinned back everday till they grow back. Originally she said it would be $10 to trim my bangs....but when she saw how unhappy i was she lowered it to $5!! She should have paid me since now i have to go buy headbands!!!!
5	Melanie is absolutely amazing! I was raised in Southern California and have been getting my hair done for over 15 years. I've been through my share of stylists and she is by far the best. I feel so blessed to have finally found someone (a year living in vegas) who I love! My hair was so damaged from the last stylist I had and years of bleach, but now my hair is the healthiest it's been in years! If you want to look like your hair belongs in a stylist mag I suggest you see her!!!
1	This place is foul and disgusting. I witnessed a stylist (if you can even call her that) take a towel from a cabinet, wipe the sweat off of her feet and then put the towel back in the cabinet for another stylist to use on a client. Disgusting.  DON'T GO HERE!!
5	KC did an AMAZING job and really brought my original platinum to an even better color! He has a great personality and will make you laugh which is a bonus because we spent quite a few hours in that chair.
5	I love this place! Staff is friendly, upbeat and fun. My stylist, Tasha, is awesome. I have never liked my color and highlights more than when the stylists here work on my hair. I also love being able to make appointments by text and getting email and text reminders when it's time for me to come in. The owner is awesome as well. Definitely recommend this place!
5	love love love the atmosphere and my cut was funky and fun like I expected, will definately go back!
5	I love coming to get my hair done by Kate! She has been my stylist for my mom and I for years now! She always colors and cuts my hair perfectly! I consistently receive compliments on my color! I highly recommend this hair salon! Everyone is friendly and professional! Cheers!
5	I recently had the pleasure of having a wonderful hair stylist and nail artist Shandee do my hair, I absolutely love what I walked out with! Not only did she accomplish a color that I fell in love with but she gave me a new hair style also. I am always receiving compliments on my new hair! The vibe in the salon is so happy and fun that it makes you want to go back for more. Not only do I recommend Pigs and Pomps but I recommend Shandee to do it. I promise you won't be disappointed!
5	I come here about once a week for a blow out and Shandee is awesome! She cares about her clients hair and the if it is healthy. I've also had Jessica and Melanie do my hair and they are great too! I love this place!
5	I love this place!! Shandee did an amazing job on my nails and hair today!!! I loved the atmosphere and everyone was so friendly!! I
5	Love this place, been coming here for years! Tasha is my girl and I have had everything done, from color to extensions to cuts. I always leave with a smile. All of the stylists are very friendly and I love the atmosphere. Highly recommended!!
5	Love this place :) Shandee saved my hair! I'm so glad I found this place and her!! It was a hot mess when I walked in there on Thursday!  She understood exactly what I wanted and executed it perfectly :] I got a color correction and a slight sombre, I'm grateful Shandee suggested we take it slow so we didn't fry my hair...LOVE! And honestly it wasn't as pricey as I had expected! I think I found my new regular ^_^
5	Candis is awesome, I highly recommend her if you want to do something unique and different.  They treat you right and will take care of all your needs.  I will go here every time I'm in Vegas.
1	Whoever goes to this place is out of their mind. Depended on Yelp for reviews, and supposedly they do a great job. Spent 300 the nightbefore for a beautiful ombre and decided to go in for a quick small trim to freshen up my hair. Well, now my hair is in a bun because it looks horrible. money down the drain for the next few weeks until i go and have to spend another 300 for a new ombre since half of mine was cut off. The girl cutting my hair was a really nice girl, but when i called to speak to a manager about a refund, i was given the excuse that shes "new" how that is my, a paying customer, problem im still trying to fathom. Spoke to Katie, the manager, who proceeded to drop the F bomb while i was maintaining a professional conversation with her as a concerned customer, which is just absolutely disgusting. Asked for my refund back and was told it wont happen unless i go in for them to examine and fix it, if they can fix it? What makes them think I would want them to put anymore scissors to myhair when its half gone already. I guess theyre thinking of giving me a pixie next? Ridiculous. I have always been proud of my hair and now I am ashamed of it so much that its in a bun, I never do buns. Poor customer service, poor response to a customer who is completely unsatisfied. Go to look Society in town square for same prices or the Loft on West Charleston!
4	I walked-in for a blow out and didn't have to wait. My stylist, Sarah Graves, was attentive and gave me exactly what I wanted: sexy hair! She made sure I was happy before she called it a done deal. For $35, I'll be sure to return for my next special occasion!
5	I was fortunate enough to have had Kate (the owner) cut my hair the first time that I walked in.  I have worn a '50's style D.A. for years and asked Kate if she could pull off a good cut for me.  After all, with a name like Pig's & Pomps, they would have to, right?!  Kate knocked it out of the park!  She is a perfectionist and a true artist.  In the 2 years that I've gone to P&P's, I have not been disappointed!  I moved away to Montana and couldn't find Anyone that could cut hair to save their lives.  I had to fly down to Vegas to have Kate cut my hair properly!  She even came in on her day off to accommodate me  :)  The crew at P&P's is friendly, attractive and professional and, there is always a warm greeting upon entering the doors.  I really love this place!
5	Went in yesterday looking to do something new but was not totally sure what. Met with candis and she was amazing. candis helped me find some ideas about what new thing I wanted to do with new colors and we got to work. It turned out amazing. I couldn't be happier and everyone loves it. I'm so happy I found this place but even more excited to have been able to have had Cadis do my hair. Thank you so much. I will definitely be back
5	Jessica does my hair and she is awesome!  She is super accommodating, has great ideas and is very personable. Her Brazilian Blow Outs are the best!  I highly recommend Jessica and Pigs and Pomps.
