5	Disclaimer: I never actually saw any of the comedy shows.I'm rating based on what the festival offered outside of the shows themselves, out on the street, for free.I was staying just about a block away from one end of where the streets were blocked off for Just For Laugh's evening activities, so I spent nearly every night of my visit wandering around there.  I'm not sure quite what it was about this spectacle itself--perhaps it was in addition to the lovely weather and beer as well--but the atmosphere was unavoidably cheery.  Just a plethora of fun things to look at (e.g., Burning Man-esque mechanical insect vehicles and random creatures on stilts), unique musical acts (I think that hearing a techno version of the Mario Bros theme made my life complete), and other fun activities.  All outdoors and open to the public.It's not really that large, but was certainly enjoyable. Perhaps next time I can actually catch one of the hundreds of acts.
3	I love Montreal.  I have been there twice now and both in July so have been spared the awful snowy cold winters they are accustomed to in North North America.  The first time I went was for Jazz fest.  How can you not love that?  Free outdoor music in a beautiful city.  The second time I went was this past July.  I went to this festival and a show hosted by Russell Peters.  The theater was too large and the show pretty average for the overpriced tickets we paid for.
3	The biggest comedy festival in the world is bound to have it's highs and lows but one thing is for sure, if you like stand up you'll like this. The big gala shows are fun if you like seeing comedy with a giant audience, and these are frequently being shot for later broadcast on TV so you get subjected to some additional hilarity if the host screws up an intro and needs to redo it over and over for TV (I'm looking at you Joel McHale.) Downtown Montreal gets crazy during the fest with streets blocked off for food trucks and circus arts etc. Too often during the fest I've walked through the fest area and seen empty stages and streets closed though - maybe I just have bad timing but I feel like more could be done in terms of free outdoor festing. The amazing nights of the fest often seem to happen late night in the smaller clubs around town - Grumpy's and the Nest - and at the hotel bar where performers clump and congregate to spend time with each other and practice their uniquely hilarious drunken oneupmanship.
5	This is not a review, more of a question.I've been to the festival twice now and the shows are first rate.  I'm thinking of going this year and notice that they have a ticket passport option.Does anyone have an experience of this?
