5	I was helping a friend buy a new Subaru Impreza back in December 2010.  I had done all my internet research (TrueCar, Edmunds, etc) to get my friend a good deal.  She also had a car she wanted to trade in; I researched that on the internet too.  Long story short...the saleman was very accommodating and patient (my friend brought both sisters to look at the car), we got the price we were looking for the car and the trade-in, and I think everyone was happy.  My friends still love the car.I gave a 5-star rating, because as heinous as it can be to buy a new car, this was truly "as good as it gets."  One caveat, we were shopping for the car in late December, so I have a feeling that made them a lot more motivated to move cars.
5	My friends just bought another car from them, and from everything I could tell, they had another good experience.
5	This is hands down the best car dealership I've been to. Roger deserves a specific shout out -- he was very courteous, informative, and helpful. While on a road trip to Colorado I had a rear bearing go bad and had it replaced in Denver. Almost a year later, both my rear bearings were bad. Roger worked with me in contacting the other dealership to make sure the warranty covered one of them, explained the problem of why they were going bad so often (this was the third replacement) and managed repair of my car quickly and painlessly.My car is still running well with no bearing problems since!
1	Bought a 2012 Forrester here in July 2012.  Decent sales experience, however none of the work that was needed (2 non-safety-related recalls) or requested by me (installation of dog barrier in the hatch area) was done before I picked up the car, even though they had 3 days notice.  I had to schedule another service visit.   Then the cheesy-sleezy former computer salesman that wasted half an hour of my time trying to sell me extra coatings and protectants.  His best line:  "These glass wipes, that we include as a complimentary extra, they are so much better than Rain-X, and after you use one to wipe down your windshield, you can take it in your house and wipe down your bathroom mirror and it will NEVER fog up."  No thanks.  Not for $5K.  Moron.Well then came the kicker:  3 months after buying my car, they are FINALLY fixing a damaged center armrest (the car was a loaner that some employee put 1,500 miles on before I got it), and when they give me the car back, there are 2 outside scratches and a nice big gash on this interior plastic trim part of the door.  I call the service coordinator, and tell him to send me an email so I have his address and can send pictures.  No email.  The next day I called the salesman, and said, "I need R.'s email address in service, please send it to me." No response.  Finally I get a "customer satisfaction survey."  I let them have it.  I went back to have them fix one more thing (that they admitted to damaging when replacing the armrest), and then went elsewhere for all my service needs.You would think they would treat a 3-month old car a little better.  I will never go there again.
2	When I bought my car here everyone was really nice and helpful.  This was not the case when I took it in for service.  They had the typical "you're a woman, so you're an idiot" attitude.  There was more damage than expected and they wouldn't even give me an estimate and just said I needed to call my insurance, but said my insurance will want an estimate.  Thanks a lot.  Also the service representative gave me this guilt trip like I did something terrible to my child or something instead of accidentally hitting a pothole.
1	Stood around in the showroom for 15 mins. waiting for a salesperson.  Got 0 service.  I would not shop here for cars until someone deals with the very poor sales service in their show room.There's other nearby dealers as well, you're better off going to those dealerships instead.
2	I've tried to do business with this Day Subaru location, as well as the one in Moon.  Neither one, in my opinion is a very customer-friendly dealership, and both are out of the market on pricing.  I think there are much better options in the area.  The sales staff seems to be on average as far as product knowledge, but they don't have much else going for them.  The pricing is not competitive.
5	When a business gives back to their community, that says a lot about how they operate. The company I work for works with  the Athletic Department at Upper St Clair High School, raising much needed funding for the student athletes,   and Day West Liberty Subaru was the largest  contributor to last years fundraiser, essentially saving the fundraiser.   The GM, Jeff Schimizzi, not only took time time from his hectic schedule, but when it came down to the deadline, with one hour left before we closed out the campaign, he came through, even paying out of his own pocket, not knowing if he would be reimbursed for it.   Essentially, Jeff and  Day West Liberty Subaru saved a campaign to raise funds so the kids remain safe and competitive for the sports season. He did what he said he do. That is called integrity. They have also agreed to continue sponsoring this year. Thank you to Debbie Day, Jeff Schimizzi, and Day West Liberty Subaru for supporting youth athletics in their community!
