1	I would NOT recommend this company.  The technician was extremely rude; I almost sent him away.  I was overcharged, and charged a service fee when the website clearly states "No Service Fee for Any Repair."  I called the manager to express my dissatisfaction and complaints, and he said he'd have the owner call me.  I tried to give him another phone number to call me back on and he said "no, I have other calls" and hung up.  DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!!
1	My last review was removed because i mentioned another service that actually fixed my problem. But last may, 2012, they charged me $160 for "maintenance" work and claimed to fix my problem. The next day my garage still wouldn't close and open properly. They said " the sun is probably causing the problem. It's hitting the lens and causing it to malfunction. " I asked him if i should ask the house if it has moved over a couple feet because i've lived here for 3 years and it's worked fine until now.Anyways, they said there's nothing they can do and will not refund me my money. I called the "other company" and they fixed it and it has been working like a champ! This is definitely a company that you do now want to deal with.
1	After having another company replace our springs last year, we decided to call someone new to reassess issues we were having with our garage door opener in May.  Lift Up came and the door would open and close without problems for a couple of days, and we had to call them to come back within a week.  When someone finally came to the house (35 minutes after the appointment time), the door didn't seem to have any troubles opening, and the repairman looked at me and said, "You made me drive 35 miles out of my way for nothing!"  He didn't seem to hear what I had to say or listen to the problems - he didn't see anything wrong with the door or opener and left.  Within a week, we continued to have issues, and my husband called back to have someone come out again.  They tried to tell us that if the door was having problems around the same time every day, there was nothing they could do - the sun must be shining on to the lasers the wrong way and we were basically S.O.L.  My husband tried to ask for them to refund our $160 since the door/opener wasn't fixed, and they flat out refused, saying they did all they could.
