2	I would like to formally preface this review by announcing that my love for Jimmy John's is only eclipsed by the love I have for my family and kids.  I've eaten at Jimmy John's franchises in Florida, Illinois, Wisconsin, Arizona, Nevada, and typically anytime I find one anywhere in between.  JJ's was my #1 pregnancy craving with my two babies.  It was a huge reason I've felt homesick for the midwest (before locations started sprinkling the Phoenix valley). Look at my facebook page!  My profile pic, in two different instances, is me with my JJ's sub or cup!  I have the JJ's party cups in my cupboard, and I hate clutter, hodgepodge, and crap! People CALL me when they see new locations.  I mean, an ex-boyfriend called me years after we'd broken up to tell me he saw one downtown, and he just knew I loved it so much I should know this!  (Duh, I totally already knew, and I told him to lose my number.)That being said, I have officially experienced my first poor sub from any franchise, any time of day or night, any city, at this one on Bell.  It pains me to disclose that my utterly perfect sub (#10 with dijon and sprouts) can actually be disgusting. And at the location nearest to my house! I was shocked, heartbroken and bemused. How could it be??  Because of my intense loyalties to this chain, I can assure you I will be back.  But, my rose colored glasses are off, and my dear beloved JJ no longer ranks first in my heart of men who've never let me down.  It's a sad sad day, folks.
3	Had a opportunity to eat here last week for the first time! Daughter has been raving about their BLT! So I ordered their 8" BLT sandwich on wheat! It was very good, had no complaints about them. But it was no different then any other sub shop? Their BLT was your basic bacon, lettuce, and tomato. It had a special mayo on it, gave a unique taste. Sandwich could have had more bacon? But I would and probably will come back again!
2	I've heard all the hype about JJ's for a few months now.  In need of lunch I figured this would be a good time to give them a shot!  Why not I thought, a good number of people I know tried them and thought they were good.  This should be a pretty safe bet.Strike 1 - Complete confusion with my order of two subs on-line!  They promote the fact you can order on-line, but whats the point if it takes three employees who ask what your name is 5 times!Strike 2 - The fresh baked French bread was rock hard, and had no flavor what so ever.  You should promote fresh baked bread, if it comes off as being a few days old.Strike 3 - The sub was named Smoked Ham Club.  If you use the word "smoked" to describe the ham that is used, it should have a smoked flavor!  In actuality, you will get the saltiest lowest quality tasting ham that can be sold.My only hope for this franchise is that other locations have a much higher standard.  If this is how every location is quality wise,  JJ's will not last very long in the Valley.
4	Great spot for lunch. Always fast and good food.
3	My boyfriend raves about this place. So, on my visit to Surprise, AZ..we went to eat lunch here before he had to head out to the field for baseball practice. Quite a normal looking chain that's located in a plaza. Lots of parking space...Staff was friendly, they greet you upon arrival... As for selection, I wanted to try everything. Everything on the menu seemed to entice my tastebuds as i scanned through them on the board. I decided to go for the Hunter's Club. Because the description said medium rare roast beef...and I'm all about the meat baby!!!!Can i just tell you... They make your sandwich really really fast that our name was called right when i was about to plop down on the chair. Like seriously. We timed it on my Iphone. 1 MINUTE 47 SECONDS. Totally Incredible. Now if they just had this in California....I'd be so set for my lunch breaks when i choose to run errands or go shopping on my lunch hour.. They make their subs like a superhero on morphine.HOWEVER....The disappointing part was... The sandwich lacked taste. They didn't have condiments to enhance their sandwich. Not even Tabasco can be requested. They do have the hot peppers that i was warned was REALLY REALLY HOT. C'mon. you must be a wuss to even claim that as HOT and SPICY. Also, the Bread was hard, My mouth and teeth got a good workout....I seriously had to go back to the condo to floss my teeth. I know Boys like to see girls working their mouth. But c'mon chewing on an almost rock hard bread? Not so cute. Kind of scary, in fact.Maybe next time, I can request to have the sub toasted. I don't care waiting another 2 minutes for my order with a sandwich done RIGHT.
4	I like this place because you get your subs super fast and they're good for the most part too!I feel like the quality is better than Subway. I always order the Vito because I love Italian subs. However, if you want the meatier, thicker sub, I would go for the NightClub sub, because it's essentially the same, just with more meat and toppings. I've tried the tuna sub, which is good if you like classic tuna subs. Nothing special, just a good ol' tuna sub sandwich. I wouldn't go in with the expectations of classic Deli subs from New York/Chicago. If you want subs better than Subway though and want it done really quickly, then go here, you won't be disappointed. Oh, and one more thing... the sizes of the subs are all one length - longer than a 6 inch but not quite a foot long. I think the hype is all in the atmosphere. Being in Surprise, AZ which is on top of Sun City, I doubt the loud rock music flies well with some of the clientele. I even heard some of the customers complain that the music is too loud. The manager explained that part of the JJ's chain's personality is the loud rock music. It keeps the atmosphere light and upbeat, along with their funny signs, rules, and sayings. The workers behind the counter even yell out and greet you the second you open the doors to enter the restaurant. This place is just so convenient for what it is. It's easy to get to, plenty of parking, and they even deliver 1 sandwich if that's all you order. Overall, I can say that I really like this place, which explains why that the staff I work with hits this place up at least once a week.
3	Ok, 5 stars on the sandwiches but 2 stars at best on the friendliness of the staff so average of 3 stars. Sandwiches are fresh, tasty, and absolutely yum. The service is FAST but I found the staff a bit unfriendly. This was my first visit and they weren't very helpful in explaining the menu at all. Also, they saw I was balancing a baby on my hip and knew I was dining in but had hidden the high chairs all the way in the very back of the restaurant so I didn't see them at first. I was actually trying to eat with the baby standing next to me in the booth. The cashier watched me with him and there was an employee who was cleaning tables who saw me and neither one mentioned the high chairs or offered to help me with my tray or anything. That's a downer for me. I did find the high chairs, but again, it was only after I just happened to catch sight of them all the way in the far corner of the restaurant. I'll go back but it'll probably just be for take out.
2	People standing around but can't make a sandwich. then you order a number and they have it half made with mayo by the time you say..."no Mayo" Really have to watch and check what they make. Better quality than Subway but they just don't know how to provide customer service.
4	Okay.. Jimmy Johns earned another star from me, because the second time my boyfriend and I came here, the bread was softer and fresher....This time I got the #9, Italian... I got it with all the condiments this time, with extra onions and the hot peppers. And it came out pretty good.I also got their original potato chips and they were pretty good too.I couldn't give it 5 stars, because this time, there was actually a wait. And it wasn't even busy. We waited more than 5 minutes which was unusual according to my boyfriend.
3	I have not eaten in at Jimmy Johns, but have done take out from them several times.  I love how fast they are.  One time I stopped in and by the time I got back to the  car, the same song was on!  The sandwich I get (#12, Beach Club), is DELICIOUS and it's great!I have one problem, however -- a few weeks ago, JJ came to my work (Surprise Elementary in El Mirage) and delivered samples for the teachers, which was wonderful!  A few weeks after that, my coworkers called there to order sandwiches for delivery for my birthday.  My school is on the border of Surprise and El Mirage, and we were told that since we were on the wrong side of greenway, they could not deliver to us.  As teachers, we don't have the time to go out for lunch, and since we were right on the border, it would've been nice if they could've delivered - i mean, why send us samples when you then won't come to us?
2	Your commercials shouldn't be better than your food.Jimmy John's is new to Surprise so it was exciting to try something new and we've all seen/heard their commercials!  They were loud, but maybe part of their deal and there were several employees which seemed odd since there were only 2 people in the dining room and not even one of their 4 delivery phones were ringing.Anywho...the sandwich was just ok, it wasn't bad and it wasn't good.  There were only 3 bread choices 1 of which was a wrap and the french bread seemed less than fresh.  I do love that they use Best Foods mayo, that's a plus.I like Mr. Goodcents much better.
5	This is the best place to grab a sandwich after a tough workout. This place is fast too so you don't have to wait around like you would at a subway. Much better quality ingredients too. Try the Vito and the Beach club. I've never had any complaints about the workers and they always seemed friendly to me and greet me on my way in and out. I will be back for more subs.
5	Quick service and delicious food!
5	They advertise fast service, but I didn't get away from the register before the sandwich was finished. Food was good and filling, and service was with a smile. Not a lot of seating and was kind of noisy. Pricing was cheaper then subway and the food was better.
1	We ended up here because the Mr Good Cents near us had closed down. What a waste. The customer service was poor, they all acted like they were doing us a favor by serving us. My sister and I ordered a #12 which stated it came w sprouts & avocado. They only carry provolone cheese, no other variety. No real choice of bread either. When we sat down to eat we noticed there were no sprouts & a very small smudge of avocado on one part of the sandwich. When we asked about it the guy behind the counter looked annoyingly at us and said they no longer carried sports and that was how much avocado was supposed to be on the sandwich. No napkins, lids or straws came w our order or were any where to be found so I had to wait again to ask some one for them. The girl behind the counter, again rude, stated they were right there behind the counter (out of my vision) and told me to grab them myself. The sandwich was bland and boring don't waste your money here, grab a sandwich from the grocery store.
4	Food freshness is great!  Staff is ok....  I wish they were a little more explanatory with what does and does not come one the sandwich.  I know it has a menu board; however; somethings need to be explained.  If I want mustard instead of mayo on a sandwich I do not want yellow mustard packets.  If my sandwich is already wrapped you have permission to unwrap and add mustard for me.
3	Best sandwich ever.....  not even close... ingredients are above average, bread (fresh, good) but really average, they seem to rush and did get my order wrong I wanted no onions, they took care of the problem right away A+ for that. Cleanliness and overall service was excellent......Great concept, but quality over quantity....slow down a little bit.... I agree if I want extra mustard, I don't expect   mustard packets.... for a sandwich shop 3 1/2 stars
5	I get hooked on the turkey tom more and more each time I have one! Very nice customer service at this location, (cant say the same for some of the others) and the hubby and 11 year old SSon love the vito.  Good prices :)
4	OK Jimmy John's is the best of the chain sub shops i will give you that. WAAAAAY above Subway and not even in the same planet as quiznos. Jimmy Johns...better period. Not great but better. Now  the service..it is a sandwich shop do not expect much and you will not be dissapointed. I would prefer a bitchy person making the better sandwich rather than a sweet person making a crappy sandwich....you decide. Good service NEVER overcomes garbage food....get it Subway. I will go to a NY deli and get screamed at from the moment you walk in for the quality sandwich...it is part of the experience......Honey dripped BS from Subway employees still equals a shitty sandwich .
1	Pretty horrible place subway,  firehouse, blimpys, mr goodscents, cousins, Jersey mikes, safeway sub, pretty much any other sub place is 100000 times better, the staff was horrible the food tasted like it was left over from last week and this sub franchise has to be the worst in the valley.
2	Nothing special... JJ's is OK if you like an over hyped over priced sub... Have tried the Arrowhead location too... I can say they are consistent with their product... Seems what differentiates them from other sub shops is they like using mayonnaise.
3	In my travels through Arizona, I have passed by several Jimmy John's locations and was curious about the food. So today I gave it a try. The negative reviews concerned me about this location. When I ordered my sandwich (Vito) I asked for the vinaigrette on the side. "We can't do that." And yes, he was serious. Why can Subway, Quizno's, Jersey Mike's, and Togo's do it but you can't? Ok, you lose one star there. The sandwich, however, was good and given the size, a good value. Lots of meat and vegetables. Chips are fairly plain in flavor however and packaged under the Jimmy John's name. Would have preferred a national brand.So, overall 3 stars and willing to try it again.
5	Try the #11 it's awesome and they made my whole order before I could pay
5	My wife and I went in tonight, as we had planned a party and completely forgotten to get food.  We asked if we could buy a few sandwiches and maybe get a tray to deliver them to our guests, as they have a 24 hour catering notice policy.  Someone, who I can only assume is a manager of some kind, said, it's not busy right now, why don't we see if we can pull it off.  So, we went and grabbed our other items for the party, came back 20 minutes later, and they had our catered sandwiches ready to go, packaged up with condiments.  Life Savers!!!  I will cater with them again, without a doubt!
5	WOW!!! Amazing customer service here. My wife made a large order and when I came to pick it up, everything was ready and they even loaded it into our car. Great Job Guys!!! We will be back
2	Finally broke down and went here. Hate buying sandwiches (I can make them at home) they do not have the ability to toast the bread so I went with a lettuce wrap. I did not want cheese, since they only have one kind of cheese. Provolone. The kid that checked us out was SO rude. The sandwich was ok but nothing special. Not sure I will go back.
4	Vito sub. Excellent price very quick and tasty, if your in a hurry for lunch this would be a quick stop.
4	They're a sandwich shop with a sense of humor. Check the sign on the bathroom floor for an example. The bread is thinner than other sub places which I really like since I'm not a big bread fan. They also have an "unwich" that has no bread at all. Free refills and a fast assembly line for the food makes them a nice spot for a quick lunch.The only thing about the place I'm not fond of is how loud the music is. It's pretty deafening. The line cooks one day were having to shout to be heard and two of them standing right next to each other said "huh?" and "I can't hear you" to one another so many times it was like being in a who's on first routine.
4	I would give them more stars awesome food and it is fast but they won't deliver to my area and we only have one in our city .  We need more of them in my city on well .
1	The food I ordered was ok but the customer service was horrible.  The young man taking my order was rude and had no personality. He didn't say hi or even greet me.  The lady making my sandwich said hi and was more friendly.   The food was not the best but what do you expect from a fast food sandwich shop!
1	This place is not helpful at all!! I was ordering a sub with just ham, mayo, and pickle on it (for a 6 year old), and I was told that wasn't possible. I then asked one more time just a ham sub with mayo and pickle. I was then told I can have a plain ham sandwich with mayo packets on the side. I had asked for pickles on it, ONCE again I was told that they can't so that... But they can give me a whole pickle.. BUT they can't cut it up. I would really love someone to example to me why they couldn't do that?! And on top of that all I got was attitude from the cashier. Great customer service, NOT! Place is a joke, hire new people. I'll be going to Jersey Mike's for now on. At least they are willing to do the little things!
4	A friend and I ate here we both had the BWT they had on the menu at the time. One of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten.
1	First time eating at a JJ's and it was an unsatisfactory one. We ordered a sub which was about $6.50 each after tax. The guy at the cashier had no customer service skills at all. We were a bit confused but he just rushed us and didn't even offer drinks or a combo meal or something like that. Also, there were a bunch of employees in the station and they were just plain loud talking nonsense. With regards to their subs, it was not worth it. It was literally just some meat, bread, lettuce, and tomatoes. There were more flavor from the packaged deli meat at the grocery store. At least I now know not to bother with this place again.
1	Sometimes they deliver, sometimes they say, "Corporate says we don't have to." Consistency would be nice. Stinks, because we do enjoy the food....
