5	This is the sort of place that every young person moving out of home need to know about. It's amazing. They advertise themselves as doing 'bespoke tailoring' and it's not wrong. Any tailoring pretty much!!I came in here in a mad panic one afternoon after realising I had split a seam in my mums Karen Millen dress........sh*t. They could see I was in distress and were so lovely and comforting, and had the dress fixed within the day! I couldn't ask for any better.They also custom make curtains too, which is really useful for Edinburgh. The windows in some of Edinburgh's Newtown are ridiculously big, so they make all the curtains there for you! They have a really good dry cleaning service too.They are Master Tailors!
5	Not a bad word to say about this place. Top workmanship received every time. In fact the two not-up-to-scratch experiences I've had in my lengthy love affair with Master Tailor were both self inflicted:1) When asking for a shirt to be fitted, I insisted the length be shortened quite considerably. The result was a quasi-belly top that couldn't be tucked in in this or any other reality. Wore it once and binned it. A bloody Thomas Pink number as well...! Numpty.2) So I have these chinos.... thought I'd get them fitted. The girl in store pinned up the legs but (again) I insisted we could go a bit more fitted, much to her bemusement. She kindly humoured me until the man in charge came out to see what was going on...Him: "You okay there?"Me: "Great, thanks."Him: "Not too tight?"Me: "Hmm... nah they're good."Him: "Can you sit down..?"Me: "Suuuure."SHHRRRIIIIIIIIIIPP!I don't think I need to elaborate...! Needless to say he rescued the chinos (and probably made them double-strength!), which I still appreciate even today.On return from travels, when I started to use these guys again, I noticed the prices had jumped quite considerably, almost double in fact. But in the wake of the credit crunch, it's usually family-owned businesses like these that get hit the worst so if paying double is what it takes to keep these guys going, I'm happy to do my part.
5	Best tailor in the city just a little pricy but for a family run business I am willing to pay the price. Had an expensive jacket zipper break on me and heard about the great reviews here so took it in. The lovely lady behind the counter helped me and confirmed that they could replace my zipper. After some friendly banter I left the jacket with them and returned a few days later to pick it up good as new. No problems since. Go here if you need something repaired , you will support local business and will get good quality work.
