2	Matalan, matalan, Matalan - you had such a good idea!Get big stores and cram them full of clothes, then make people become members to make sure you retain some form of exclusivity.Trouble is, you made all your stores in places people couldnt get to them, you filled them with clothes even the naked-est of us would refuse and you employed people with the social abilities of a manic depressive donkey.Poor show.
3	Matalan is a bit like TK Maxx for me, it isn't the sort of shop where you will go for to 'properly' shop and is more of a 'I can't find it anywhere else so I will try Matalan' kind of place. They have a huge range of clothes, none of which are actually that good and the quality is pretty poor, usually shrinking in the wash. When I had a job interview and needed a pair of trousers that I knew I would only wear a couple of times, I came here, I don't see Matalan as the place where you will get lasting quality items.The cashiers always try to hassle you to become a member of their card with lots of incentives, but I will never take them up on this offer, the amount of junk mail I will get to my address and email is never going to be worth the odd discount or voucher that they will offer.The Edinburgh store in particular is pretty good in the range that it has, especially the shoes, it also has a good range of odd bits and pieces that could be useful if you have just moved into a new home in their home furnishing department. The store does however have a good car park big enough to ensure that you will always find a space even on the weekend.
3	Matalan is good for cheap clothes for babies who will grow out of them in 2 months. To be honest the rest of it is pretty meh. If your looking for pajamas or a sweatsuit it could work. I actually have a friend who does wear Matalan and makes their clothes look cute! So, you never know... I definitely recommend them to new parents buying stuff for babies. Its cheap and it lasts. One thing that bothers me is how I was once hassled to join their membership card. I was told I couldn't purchase my order without signing up for this card. I asked to speak to the manager who came and said I needed the card to receive the relevant discounts so mickey mouse signed up and all was well. Still not happy being forced to sign up for something I don't want. Pretty cheeky that your not told that you can't receive any of the discount or sale items if you don't have it. LAME. Oh well. There you have it.
