1	The business networking section of the Social Register of Las Vegas website claims to offer an "Unbeatable opportunity to meet the most prominent CEO's and top executives in Las Vegas and to network with the clientele that has the buying power to purchase your products and services."   I paid for an annual membership and attended eight networking events and did not meet ANY "prominent CEOs" or "top executives!"  The people that attended these meetings were largely struggling small business owners, sales people or MLMers with little or no "buying power" and/or no buying authority.  They claim a membership of 2300 but no Social Register of Las Vegas event I attended had more than 100 or so people.  I would not recommend this group.
5	The Social Register is great!  In my estimation the best business networking organization in Vegas.  Every event I have been to is always very upscale and well run so I can focus on what I'm  there for which is networking.  I have grown my business and met several high end clients.  One of the best investments I have ever made in my business!
5	I've been a member of SRLV for about 3 years and find the scheduled events, for the most part, enjoyable and entertaining.  From time to time, members don't turn out, limiting the spirit of the event.  For the most part, the mixers held at the Foundation Room attract an active crowd with excellent interaction.  As a local business owner and "C.E.O.", I'm delighted to exchange views with those in attendance and occasionally find suitable business opportunities.  I tend to get out of SRLV what I put into it and recognize that it's not a panacea.  The recent "Liquid Therapy" event at the Capital Grill was one of the best events in town this year.  Clair & Mary Grace do a great job keeping the plates spinning.
5	I highly recommend the Social Register of Las Vegas for providing local  business leaders and other company executives a variety of business networking events and educational seminars each month that help elevate your company brand and grow your business.  Congratulations to their President & CEO, Clair Zeto and her assistant Mary Grace for exceptional service to their members.  Dr. DeMaria, President & CEO, Americana Safety
