5	Great prices, incredible food, fresh ingredients. My girlfriend and I tried this place since it's close to her house, and we were so amazingly surprised. The atmosphere is that of a mini-sports bar, with arcade games in the back for kids and TVs around the walls.The pizza was incredible. The wings were amazing. And the cook came out to introduce himself and chat with us about the food and what we liked or disliked about it. We will most definitely be returning in the future.
4	One thing I've discovered about Long Wong's is that the quality and service depends a lot on the location.  For instance, the wings at the Scottsdale and Thomas location are different from the wings you'll get at the Two Hippies location which are also different from the ones you get at my regular spot, and the one I'm going to talk about; the Stapley and 60 restaurant located next to the giant laser tag arena.  If you're thinking that maybe I've eaten Long Wong's wings and then played laser tag, you'd be right, I did, and it was awesome.This location is cleaner and larger than most, and though it doesn't have the Ms. Pac Man game like the Scottsdale and Thomas location, it does have flames painted on the walls and flat screen TV's which are almost always tuned to Fox News or some sporting event I don't care about. Another thing that has always intrigued be about this location is the walls.  The high walls are covered, mural style, with flames and boxers.  Yes, giant poorly painted flames and then black dudes boxing each other.  Why?  I don't know, and neither will you.Sometimes my comrad and I will eat in, taking advantage of the beer special which are 2 dollar draft beers, all day, everyday which, by all accounts, wouldn't necessarily make it a "special" despite what the signs will tell you.  Long Wong's is really about the wings.  Most days I come in there is a line of people, all of them ordering wings, dozens, buckets, family packs, tearing at the bones, contemplating which flavor to get, licking their fingers.  I've only tried a few things off the Long Wong's menu: the wings, the fries, the hot dogs, and the burgers.  Seemingly there is a lot of other shit on the menu.  That's not important to me, the wings are the only worthwhile thing as most of the other items are reminiscent of slightly higher quality fast food with lettuce that is usually wilted.  Long Wong's carries a variety of wing flavors; teriyaki, asian garlic, Cajun, mild, medium, hot, suicide and my flavor of choice: SUPER suicide.  I think there are more.  I don't even know if "asian garlic" is really on the menu but it seems like it would be.The thing about Long Wong's wings is that grabs me is that they're mostly heat.  It's not the flavor I love, it's the back of your throat, back of your tongue, lip burning heat.   I'm a sucker for the heat or anything that make me cry (like my life).  They serve the wings with Ranch, not Blue Cheese which seems more appropriate for these wings anyway.  The Ranch is good there too, not over done or spiced up by something, just a thin, normal, restaurant Ranch which they don't charge you for like some places.They are horribly liberal with the sauce, dousing your order of plump wings in a thick, orange sauce touched slightly with chili seeds.  These are, by far, the sauciest wings I've had.After each bite of a Long Wong's wings it looks like you killed a bunny or some other small, cute animal with your bare hand.  The sauce gets under your fingernails and the burn stays on your hands even after a run under water.  You must scrub, with soap, to rid your skin of that unique wing smell and the stain of the orange sauce.  Don't do anything sexual after eating Long Wong's wings for at least 12 hours.There is one thing about this location which I go to that, for some reason, always seems to put a damper on my wing eating, beer drinking frenzy.  That is the grey, mustached owner who always seems to be annoyed by all the service he's getting.  I imagine this guy to be the owner based on assumption and his naturally ownery vibe.  Long Wong's on Stapley and 60, despite the Angry Successful Business Owner, is one of my favorite Mesa spots and is a true testament to what good, true take out wings SHOULD be.  Even if you don't like them hot you can appreciate the honey bbqs or the Arizona chili flavor or even the blue cheese ones.  Plus, a 7.99 combo that gives you a dozen wings, fries and drink is, like, super reasonable especially considering the quality.  I have grown fond of the new, exciting fliers placed up periodically in an attempt, I assume, by the Angry Successful Business Owner to become even MORE successful, thus more angry.  Lately I've noticed they're doing karaoke on Friday nights and 25 cent wings on Tuesdays.  Long Wongs has helped me come out of the closet as a wing enthusiast so no longer will I hide my bones in my top nightstand drawer.  I will proudly leave them chewed and dried up for all the world to see and get grossed out by.
4	Best wing place in Mesa... hands down!
5	Best Wings EVAR!First off, I have a problem with wings that look like they came off a chicken who was given steroids everyday of it's life.  I also have a problem with tiny wings that barely have any meat on them (I mean who wouldn't).  At Long Wong's the wings are a happy medium.  Good amount of meat and the sauce is BOSS!!  I've eaten at LW twice and both times was amazing.  This time we ordered the Mini Bucket (25 wings) and split the flavors: Medium and Spicy Honey BBQ.  Our friend ordered the hot.  The Medium sauce was very tasty with some bite and the Spicy Honey BBQ was on point!  So rich with the perfect balance of sweet and spicy.  I tried a Hot from my friends plate and actually liked the Hot better than the Medium and I'm not spice junky.We also ordered a side of fries to round the meal out and there was nothing special there.  They weren't bad, just ordinary.  Had a little seasoning on them but they were best enjoyed with ketchup and after you fill up on wings.When in Phoenix and want wings this is my default.  Only complaint:  A place that sells spicy spicy wings should not be charging 50 cents for a darn soda refill.
2	I'm not a fan of wings or fried food, it was the only place open at 9:30 on a Sunday night, I got a salad, it was nothing special, most everything they serve is food-service that they just throw in a deep fryer. Not my type of restaurant, but for a divey sports bar is okay.
4	What a dive!! And I liked it. I couldn't tell if the place was even open it was so dark from the outside. You walk in and there are a few tables and a walk up counter to order. We (husband & I) were hungry so we ordered the mini bucket of 25 wings all hot and crispy.  I didn't know what the crispy was but I'm glad we ordered it the wings were really good. We also got Longboard (I think) IPA on draft which was very good. The men working there were all very friendly and nice - great service.There are more tables in the back (where we sat) with TVs and a small game area. Before eating the wings I decided I should wash my hands. Probably not the smartest thing as the restroom was disgusting! They have two restrooms both unisex I chose the one in the back for washing up after the meal and it was much cleaner.
3	I love wings.. this place was just a-ok.. I would pick Buffalo Wild Wings (BW3) any day over LW'sIt's cheap here tho 12 wings for $6.99The wings were a hit and miss (mostly a miss) in my lunch today. (first time here) Disappointed since the reviews were GOOD so i had faith in this place..The owner was nice and friendly not miserable like one other review said..Dont think i will be back unless im craving wings (its right near my work)Also puzzled that they only serve carrots and ranch with the wings.. Where did the celery and blue cheese go? (i requested blue cheese and they charged me 49 cents.. oh well so much for Long Wong's)
5	When you're visiting PHX stop at Long Wong's.  Great special on 12 wings with salad and a drink for 8 bucks.  When I lived there I ate their every month!  Check it out
1	Worse customer service ever. I called on Sunday around 4 in the afternoon on 10-23-11. Guy answers " long wongs 60 & stapley " I say " hey just need to place an order for pick up" the guy says " hold one" 15 minutes later still holding. After 20 min I hang up call back guy answers " long wongs 60& stapley" i say "hey man just need to place that order for pick up " and the guy hangs up on me. I will never spend another dollar at this place
1	I heard a lot of positive things about this place, so I decided to see what all the hype was about. I was very disappointed with everything. The wing sauce was mostly oil and didn't taste good at all. Save your money and don't eat here.
4	we used to go to the Chandler store until a recent trip yielded bad food and VERY slow service.  W found this one and I talked the wife into lunch,  MUCH BETTER!  fast service. Owner Mike helped us and food was awesome. Wings were good size and had plenty of sauce on them.  Shop Was clean and we both ate wings and soda for $19we'll be back!
4	Best wings in PHX area.  Large Pizza and Wings Combo can't be beat! The decor could be better but u won't care as soon as u start eating. This is the best of the Wong's chain. I live by Lake Pleasent but whenever I'm on this side of town I almost always stop in here and over-indulge!
3	This place was very dark inside, I realize that this is just the take out / lunch area and I didn't see the bar/resturant part.     But,  I don't understand why my boneless wings don't come with sauce on them. Instead I got a side of sauce of the honey BBQ to dip them. I would have to say that that theirbwings are not as good as Native NYR.
5	Been away from the valley 15 years, really miss this place! Yes this location is small and dark. Yes, the wings are still delicious and cheap! So is the beer. No the wings are not huge, they're also not $1 each! Service was fast and friendly. For me, you just can't beat a dozen spicy Bbq and curly fries at Long Wongs!
3	Oh how do I crave the food from this Long Wongs. The wings flavor is amazing and their fries are very tasty. I will say that they have the best ranch dressing I have ever had.  I crave this on the weekends a lot, that's how good it is.I was going to give this a 5 star because the food is tastes great but recently the size of their wings has decreased immensely. They used be big and have lot of meat on them but now they are small with hardly any meat. Last night was the smallest i have ever seen a wing. Super small, I was amazed that they would even serve them as a whole wing it should have been 2-3 wings = 1 wing.  I wish now i had taken a picture of it. Oh well.
2	Stopped in for bite to eat, first off its like a maze to get in the place, I find the entrance, there is a check out there, one small fuzzy computer montior, and a regular size tv. I see no menu board, and grab a menu. I order a hot dog and fries, total cost 3.98. Ill be honest, the place looked on the dirtier side, I wait for ahile, maybe close to 20 minutes, well the fries, where on the under cooked side, and the hotdog, was ahhhh. Tasted like an oscar myer.  Over all I can't. Say any thing other then what I had, I'm sure if I was a kid under 12, I would love it.
4	If Im in the mood for wings, I come here. You can't beat their dozen wing, fries, n drink combo. They have some really good subs also. They could upgrade their tvs tho, and play the ufc fights.
1	We come to Phoenix once or twice a year and I've always wanted to try this place.  Needless to say it will be one & done for us.  We purchased, two adult burgers (w/fries), 3 kids meals, onion rings, stuffed mushrooms, & 3 large sodas.  Total was $45.  My wife's comment: "freakin' rippidy rip off"... The inside of Long Wongs was very dirty, it looked like it was on a once a week cleaning and it was day 6!  It had that slight greasy grime on the tables, chairs, arcade games.  As for the good, you pay for  drink refills which is rediculous nowadays let alone for a "wings" joint.  Both the adult burgers were very weak, hardly any specialty toppings to give it a specialty flavor and way too much bun for the small preformed frozen patties.   Flavor was nonexistent.  The stuffed mushrooms tasted like they were dropped straight from the freezer into he fat fryer - worst I've ever had.  The onion rings were the best part and the only reason this place got one star. As excited as we were to try this place we were severely disappointed.
5	I absolutely love their wings! The sauces for wings and their prices definitely knock out the competition. The staff is usually busy and I never wait much longer than what's expected! The size of the wings seems to be an issue with some, but to me they are the same size most places have for wings. I would definitely recommended this location to anyone!
2	First off this is not the original long wongs, how do I know this, because one I know the franchise owner and two because my father designed the original logo. This owner is very naive and claims he designed the logo because he put flames around the original logo. No here's the objective view of this particular  Long Wongs. Usually I just pick up a combo of wings and fries. Prices are reasonable however if you do get wings your mostly paying for the excess sauce they put onto the wings. Fries are ok nothing really special, Burgers are meh, the only reason why I go to this long wongs over the one on Thomas is because of the proximity. I'm not afraid to say I go here just because it's close by, however there other places to go to like Native New Yorker as well as Buffalo Wild Wings right around the corner.Over all it's an ok place to dine nothing really special decor can use some updating. On a personal note this owner isn't even paying any franchising fees or anything plus some of the staff is rude at this location
3	Wings are small but cheap - $27 gets you 50 wings (2 different flavors), a large ranch (I don't know the exact size) and fresh, crisp carrots. Mild was very mild, medium was somewhat mild, so next time I'll order hot, or some of the other flavors. Not the best wings I've had, but not bad considering the price. For this area and for the price I recommend Wings Express (Main off Stapley), and a little further away is Wingstop (Riverview).
4	Man I really love this Long Wongs. I've been to a lot of different franchises but I think this one is the best. The wings are amazing the burgers and sandwiches are great and the pizza is really good as well. The atmosphere in this one is not so great though. It's not a great place to eat in at. The TVs are super tiny smaller than than a iPad and it's dark.
1	Bad visit at this joint.  Wings much to small, dry but not over cooked, warm beer in the bottle.  Tried a cheese steak.  Burnt onions and peppers, steak dry over cooked.  Best Wings for me #ZippsSportsGrill.
1	Found this review in my drafts... It's been about 3 years since I went there.. Who knows if it's eve still open...was gonna delete but after reading it I remembered how mad I was and decided to post!Worst customer service ever!  Called in to go order 30 minutes before got here to pick up and waited for 45 minutes for my order... Guy at counter either hates his job or just doesnt care about anything... People in and out never once did any staff  say hi or how can I help you and everyone had to wait at the counter for him to return because he was never standing there... Never to return...
5	I've been to this Long Wong's a few times and have enjoyed the experience. Great wings, chill atmosphere with cool airbrushed flames on the walls, and friendly customer service. You get great food at a great price at this Long Wong's! Love this place!
1	Horrible customer service. Place looks old cheap and dirty. We had a large party so we were putting tables together and the guy working there said that if we were going to move the tables that we had to put it back before we left. The guy even had the audacity to come check after we left trying to look all intimidating. Won't be going back ever. In case this helps it was a big guy with bradded hair that was the rude one. We were a large party of paying customers the least we ask for is to have decent customer service.
5	I love the wings here. They are the right size and price. Especially when you buy the buckets. Medium and honey BBQ are my favorites.
3	Since it was National Chicken Wing Day lol, I decided to eat some wings. It was my first time eating Long Wong's and it might be my last. I'm still not sure. When u walk in, the cashier or whoever will just stare at you waiting for you to order instead of greeting you like a normal person would.  They did cook my wings extra crispy like I requested so that was nice. One question, were the wings taken from baby chicks or full grown chickens b/c those wings were small as hell!! Good thing I got 12! The fries needed to be cooked longer. I've never had fries that looked like they had hella seasoning on them but still bland until here. I'll more than likely stick to Buffalo Wild Wings from now on when if don't feel like making them myself
1	We love the food but it is so annoying to have to wait so long after having phoned in our order. They always say it'll be 10 to 15 minutes but I still have to wait longer than that after I get there because they don't cook the food until I get there.  I have complained to them several times.  Unfortunately my daughter really likes their teriyaki wings so I have to put up with their lousy service. Just don't bother calling in your order & you can avoid such frustrations.
4	The wings were yummy and affordable.  They were teeny tiny though.
1	This place sucks I think the people who have it good reviews are related to workers here because the wings are BONES no meat, over cooked. guys from my work also said the same thing when I mentioned this place to them.  The workers all got attitude like it's some kinda members only club. There is way better places to eat in this area. The place is very trashy looking inside also. Don't waist your money. You have been warned.
