4	Yay it finally opened! Pittsburgh really needed the southern touch and taste! This place used to be 1902. The bar and set up is still the same just revamped. They were serving red beans and rice for the St. Paddy's day opening. I am so excited to come and have some New Orleans cuisine! Po Boys, Jumbalaya, Muffaletta, and crawfish are shown on the very creative menu. Soon, very soon I will be savoring some NOLA dishes.
4	Stopped in for lunch. An unique place and great addition to Pittsburgh. The place has that New Orleans vibe. The service was great and prices was very reasonable. I was told by the bartender that there is live music on weekends and place stays open till 11pm. The food was fantastic but I felt the menu selections were a bit limited .
3	I was somewhat disappointed.  The food was just ok.  We had to ask for bread.  The salad was too 'tart' - a lot of oil.  The pasta that I had was just ok -- nothing to write home about.  The drinks were good.  I was disappointed in the peach cobbler.  The renovations are nice though.  We could see the kitchen from our table and that was nice even though my husband wanted the chef to start yelling.  I'm not sure I would go out of my way to go back.
3	NOLA on the square has nicely decorated the old interior of 1902 cafe.  I loved the open kitchen, and the beautiful artwork on the walls.  They serve up very tasty and almost authentic New Orleans Cuisine.  I ordered the shrimp po'boy and it came with 5 huge fried shrimp served up on a soft Italian bread.   The breading was quite tasty but you could tell that the shrimp was not seasoned properly and was slightly overcooked.  The slaw that came on it was sweet too even though the description was Cajun Slaw, Spicy Papaya Ravigote.  I expected it to me spicy!  To my dismay they only had one type of hot sauce - Tabasco.  Come on my friend if you want to serve New Orleans cuisine you better serve food that is spicy and have a selection of hot sauces to choose from. My friend ordered a Croque Monsieur, which she really enjoyed because of the hand carved ham.  For dessert we shared a banana bread pudding with caramel ice cream.  The ice cream had a ridiculous amount of caramel in it, and was very overpowering.  The bread pudding was good on it's own.   A few additional grips: it's slightly expensive for lunch (our bill was about $40 total with tip+tax for two people), and waitstaff is overattentive (i had about 4 people come towards me as I walked through the door to be seated, proceeded by our waitress who came back every minute, literally to ask if we were ready to order).....  Alas, I'd still come back for the food.Tip: portions are huge so bring your appetite, or a partner to share!
5	Being a native of Louisiana, I find the hospitality and decor a great remider of home. The atmosphere, food, and overall customer service makes this a perfect place to unwind after a long day, or meet with friends. For starters  you must order the Voodoo Doll drink (very smooth),  and Red Beans (SEASONED JUST RIGHT). Don't judge me becuase I also had the catfish entree and it was great, especially paired with the mashed potatoes. Now in Louisiana we take pride in our food and especially desserts and the beignets are as good as the orginial Cafe Du Monde.  I love this place!!!
5	Stopped in on a Friday night after work for happy hour and dinner. The place was packed but we had reservations for a party of 10. The service we received was phenomenal even though the restaurant filled. The food was the best Cajun food I have had outside of New Orleans. Our entire group feels that this place is The best new restaurant in Pittsburgh. Bravo to owners and chef . Highly recommend it. If I could give this experience 10 stars I would.
5	Yay for new restaurants!  Yay for fun new restuarants!  And a final yay for a good exerpeince at a fun, new restaurant!I always love walking into a restaurant which looks super duper tiny from the front and then surprises you by being large on the inside.  The colorful pictures and art make it a bright and fun atmosphere.  Just like you'd expect from a 24/7 Mardi Gras party, minus maybe the flashing!First time's a charm with this place!  Service was fantastic!  The server came up and explained everything to us in terms of drinks, apps and main courses.  Since it was for lunch I went on the light side with the Crawfish and Sherry soup and the Nola salad.  The soup was delicious with just the right amount of kick for me.  Sometimes if things are too spicey for me I become a watery mess, and not in the emotional way!  I think the soup was just creamy amazingness!  The salad was also very fresh with some great toppings such as candied pecans and my personal fav, little mini potato chips.  Of course the later mentioned doesn't end up making a salad healthy, but whatever, it was tasty!  For a final send off we ordered the fried artichoke's as our "dessert."  They were incredible!  Nice, crispy and huge with a spicy mayo type sauce.  I'm all about the sauces, so it was just the right touch.I really can't wait to try out this place for dinner and/or a happy hour!  I will definitely be back.  I hope they have some idea's for events, because I think the place will be a great host for special parties.  Great addition to Market Square!!
3	I guess this place is still working out the kinks. I took my parents here on a Saturday night for a delicious Cajun fiesta and left wanting more. They were out of three signature cocktails (Sazerac, Creole Julep and Le Bon Temps Roule) and the service was friendly yet glacial. I realize they are relatively new but I don't get how you can be 'out' of cocktails on a Saturday night. I settled on a Hennessy Sidecar which was slightly watered down but still delicious.As for the food, the appetizers were alright. We started with the fried artichokes and Pissaladiere flatbread. While the artichokes were divine, the flatbread left something to be desired. Despite the rich ingredients it tasted bland and lacking. I was also seeing a LOT of black, charred edges on the flatbreads that hit the other tables. There's a difference between a bit of burn and way too much and this fell well into the latter category. My Dad loved his French Onion soup which was rich and sweet and apparently made with three types of onions.Things improved vastly with our entrees. We had the filet mignon special, shrimp & grits and grilled catfish. Portions here are HUGE and big enough to share. I have to say I was pretty happy with the quality and seasoning of my catfish. My father's filet was so tender and wonderful that he cut it with a butter knife and my mom's shrimps were the size of my hand and super tasty. I am a huge fan of grits and the chef did a decent job with these. They are super chunky and gritty though so if you're not a grits fan, this is not the place to try them.For dessert we split the chocolate hazelnut torte which was a rich, creamy sweet rather than sugary sweet but again, something was missing. We sat in the back room which was much quieter than the front bar area and offered a view of the kitchen which I'm a huge fan of.  In terms of service, I have to give props to the manager. I called around noon to make a 6pm reservation and although he said they were full, he squeezed us in. I would come back here for a cocktail but will be sure to call first.
5	Great food, great service and a really great place.The gumbo was excellent.  The beer selection is very good.  Our server - Tommy was top notch - he took care of us very well.  That always makes the whole experience so much better.  And - on our way out - I ran into Mel Blount and Joe Green who were coming in to have dinner.  It was a great night!
5	What a great experience at Nola on the Square!  Our server, Kathryn, was impeccable!  Her suggestions for food wand wine were spot on especially since she carefully listened to our food preferences...my wife being more of a fine french foodie and I a spicy buff.  The crawfish & sherry soup was tasty, more of a bisque with chunks of crawfish.  I had the fried gator tail.  Panko breaded chunks of tail with a beautiful creamy, but spicy sauce - the meat was fresh and sweet.  For our entrees we had the Scallops Mac Daddy - Beautifully prepared and the scallops were huge and perfectly done. I had the wood roasted quail. Two complete quail that were again perfectly done although my wife thought just a  tad over salted.
2	I love creole, I know creole, I cook creole myself.So I was beyond excited to try this place, and thrilled to see this style of cooking introduced to Pittsburgh. It didn't stand up to my standards, I guess if you don't know creole food it can pass for a poor imitation.It simply lacked heart, which for me, is everything with this style of cuisine.I found the atmosphere tacky and cliche.Our server was well-trained, but again lacked heart and personality.An overall corporate feel, when to do a true cajun/creole menu you need soul.
2	Eager if not expert service (lots of "who gets what dish" when the food came). Mediocre but decent French onion soup (served only wam, rather than hot). Catfish was nicely cooked, but swimming in butter. I didn't so much mind that, being a big fan of butter....however that is, of course, a lazy way to make something taste good.
5	My taste buds are still strutting and waving white handkerchiefs in my mouth they were so happy today!  My very first visit to NOLA was the first of many more visits to come, for sure.  Three of us walked through downtown on a gorgeous sunny day, through the hip and happenin' farmers' market, past the live music in Market Square and through the wide-open doors of NOLA to quite a crowd.  And no wonder....what fantastic food!I've had shrimp n grits all over the south...NOLA's was one of the best I've ever experienced....and most certainly the best in Pittsburgh.  Cheesy, Anson Mills stone ground grits, at least 8 or 9 great big ol' sweet, perfectly cooked shrimp, smoky bacon, the classic trinity of celery, bell peppers and onion all played together for a sweet, sweet song of the South in my mouth.  My dining companions both had the NOLA salad.  One had the croque monsieur, the other had the muffaletta.  Both were very, very happy.  Curtis, our server, was friendly and efficient; Ann, one of the managers, stopped at our table to make us feel right at home.  Heck, she even walked me over to the Chef's Table and told me about the special dinners they hold there.  Nice.Our table was at the back of the restaurant right by the "pass."  The line moved together in harmony to pump out fine food with exquisite attention to detail.  Serving plates were wiped clean of any stray drips before being whisked away to the lucky recipients.  Welcome, NOLA!  Make yourself at home and stay a while....a long, long while.
4	We tried this spot over Memorial Weekend. The waitress was very friendly and described the menu thoroughly. In her words, this was cajun creole inspired food "with a Pittsburgh twist." I'm not exactly sure what that means, but I think that gets them off the hook with some of the Bayou Purists here.We tried the frog legs and fried artichoke appetizers. I really enjoyed the frog legs, but I'm not much of an artichoke guy. I had the gumbo for a soup course while my mom and wife had salads that looked fresh and green.For the main course I had the shrimp and grits. The shrimp had nice size, texture, and flavor. The whole dish came together well.For dessert, I ordered the beignets.  These beignets were heavier or more dense than I was used to.  I did not enjoy them as much as I have at the famed Cafe du Monde, or even at a local church fair. However, even bad beignets are still pretty good. We were seated near the kitchen, so it provided some nice entertainment and distraction as we waited. We took our meal very slow, enjoyed some drinks, and ordered each course individually.  We were waiting for a friend and never felt rushed by the staff -- but weren't ignored either.I like their mixture for the hurricane cocktail. The fresh juices add a lot. The bar scene up front was very busy and very loud, but it is quieter in the back and more fit for conversation.  The bar crowd was young, hip, and attractive.They have valet parking; I think it might even be complimentary, if I remember correctly.
5	I spend alot of time in New Orleans, and I'm often reluctant to eat Creole food when I'm anywhere but there. However, this place was beckoning. Chances were good that I was going to be disappointed, but I had to check it out anyway. We foolishly did not call ahead, as it was Thursday night, and we figured it wouldn't be that busy at 6:00. Wrong. The bar was jammed, and tables were booked for the night. The very nice hostess was quite apologetic ( I bet she's getting good at that, turning people away). I told Doug that I had to use the women's room, but while I was gone, he should hang out in the bar and snag a couple of stools just in case someone should decide to leave. I wasn't gone but two minutes, and when I looked over, he was waving me over to the bar. What a good husband. So we bellied up and told the bartender we were hungry. He made us both a sazerac while we looked over the menus. Two thumbs way up on this, New Orlean's signature cocktail. This is an easy drink to mess up, and I've had versions of it that tasted more like cough syrup than rye whiskey. This one struck the perfect balance between the smoky rye heat and spicy bitters with just a hint of sweetness. Well done, barkeep. He mentioned to us that, as it was happy hour, the red beans and rice app and gumbo were a dollar (!) and the fried catfish appetizer and flatbreads were half price. Score. We shared the red beans and rice, which was very good, and the gumbo, which was awesome. Really, some excellent gumbo here. This gumbo is made with file, and I love that herbal, sassafras flavor. Everything about this gumbo was great, from the good quality andouille to the level of heat and spice. Just superb. They brought the catfish out next. The fish is breaded in a beer batter, which makes for a nice thick crispy exterior, and served with a remoulade that had just the right amount of heat and seasonings. So far, we were very pleased, both with the quality of the food and the even handedness with the spices. The only thing I'll say about the catfish is that it was a bit soft. I don't know why this happens, but most of the catfish consumed in this country is farm raised, and I've noticed this at other restaurants when I've ordered it...just a strange consistency. I do not fault the restaurant for this, however, as it seems to be an issue in many places, with the exception of the south. I've always had only the best and firmest catfish when I'm in Misssissippi, Louisiana, Alabama, Georgia and South Carolina. Next we tried one of the flatbread pizzas, with andouille and crawfish. It's difficult to put this many toppings on a flatbread and have it not be soggy...it's all about oven heat and crisping up the bottom, and they did it just right. A delicious flatbread pizza. Amazing...we liked everything we tried. The food was flying out of the kitchen, too; we didn't wait more than 5 minutes for anything. This may have been due to the fact that the restaurant was not yet busy, so I recommend going for happy hour and saving some shekels. We didn't save room for dessert, but they have a few things that sound good. I like bread pudding, and would have tried theirs, but they described it as bananas foster bread pudding, and that sounded too sweet for me. In New Orleans, bananas foster and bread pudding are two separate desserts, and I like it that way. The raspberry shortbread sounded good, but I just didn't have room. That, and Doug has been making some noise the past couple of days about making chocolate pots du creme, so I'm saving myself for that. At any rate, we'll be back when we need our fix of Cajun and Creole food. Well done, NOLA.
4	I won't begin to say that I'm an expert in creole cuisine but I liked NOLA. It's gets pretty busy so show up early for lunch if you want to be seated without a reservation. It's a colorful, bright space. The staff can be a tad over-attentive but that wasn't really a problem. I had the seafood jambalaya and my friend had a salad and sandwich. The dish came sizzling in its own small cast-iron pan. The rice on the bottom was just a little charred; just how I'd like this dish to be. The seafood was plentiful and nicely done. The flavor were all very tasty. For lunch, you can expect to pay $9-$15 so it all depends on what you want, whether you'll get a hefty bill. Overall, I like NOLA; it may not become a regular lunch spot for me but it's still a great Market Square restaurant and I'll be looking forward to happy hours there in the near future.
4	We went in for a late Saturday lunch.  We had a reservation, not knowing if it as really necessary.  On this particular Saturday, it was not.  We were greeted right away by the host.  We were surprised when he gave us a "tour" of the restaurant showing us the rooms in the back for large groups.  We must look like party organizing people.  We are not.  We were seated near the open kitchen.  Being a huge fan of red beans and rice, we decided to share a bowl.  Their version is totally unlike any I have ever eaten.  It was incredibly thick and tomato based with a lot of ham shank.  We liked it anyway.  For my meal, I ordered the half salad/half sandwich.  I got the NOLA salad with candied pecans, red onion, tomato and sweet potato chips with yummy vinaigrette.  For my sandwich, I picked the Croque Monsieur.  It was stuffed with tender, thick carved slices of smoked ham, grilled rustic bread, my favorite Gruyere cheese with apple butter and dijon.  Even though this was 1/2 sandwich, it was more than I could eat!!  BJ got the Seafood Jambalaya.  He really liked it.  Of course, we didn't have room for dessert. Enjoyed the atmosphere, food was great, service was passable.  We can't wait to eat here again!
3	I just haven't been blown away by this place.  I've gone there for happy hour and lunch, so maybe all the great stuff happens for dinner, but I likely won't make it back for dinner b/c of my experiences with hh and lunch.  The drinks are good but I'm not impressed by the food.  For happy hour I had gotten the crawfish flatbread and the crawfish was not fresh and had an overwhelming fishy taste and rubbery texture.  While I expect fishiness to some degree on crawfish, it was too much and distracting.  I couldn't even eat another slice of the flatbread after the first few bites.For lunch I got a vegetarian sandwich b/c this was a few weeks after my hh experience and I didn't want to deal with another bad fish ordeal.  So while the sandwich was fine, it was lacking some flavor - granted there's probably only so much you can do with veggies, but come on let's flavor it up a bit, this is supposed to be New Orleans inspired.  I will admit that the fries were delish and perfectly seasoned.  That was the only highlight of my meal and my experience at NOLA.
4	This place had great food with great prices.  The alligator bites is a must, and the french onion is one of the best i have had.
1	I was so disappointed in this place!  It started at the door!  There was a band playing with music 100% too loud!  the speaker was aimed right back into the restaurant making talking to anyone almost impossible.  When the host made it up to the host stand after us waiting at least 4 minutes I asked for a table outside.  Her response was and I quote "Did you see any out there?"  WHAT?!?  I calmly responded with "I don't know, I didn't look."  She went and checked and sadly there were no tables.  We were placed in a two top on the back of the place by the kitchen door.  Our waiter explained one of the specials as "the crabs sit on berries, they look like you can't eat them, but you can."  Now is that something that would like to order?  Our waiter took our drink order and left, then a busboy came up and faced his back to us while holding a plastic sauce container of water and turned his head and asked "would you like some water?"  it was like it was a drug deal and he was trying to be shady about it.  It was very weird.  After asking "what" three times because the music was so loud I couldn't hear him and the fact that he wasn't facing me, I just gave up and said yes.  He quickly came back with two wine glasses of water on a tray.  While handing placing the one glass down on the table the other tipped and fellow right in the lap of my dining partner.  Now I have been a server as he was at once also, and we understand that these mistakes happen.  However it was very odd that the busboy gave the wet guest a napkin then went right away to cleaning up the carpet.  That was the tipping point and the proof needed that the guest does not matter.  We decided that it was better that we just leave and go somewhere that will respect us and treat us as a guest should be treated.
2	I don't know, it's a nice place, but I really felt that the options were kind of limited, especially for vegetarians. It's also kinda pricey and I paid about $12 for a salad that didn't leave me satisfied.
2	I'll try NOLA again, but I have to say my first experience was less than stellar.We had a reservation but sat for 45 minutes at the bar waiting for them to get us a table.  I went up to them about 30 minutes in to see if they had forgotten us and got a confused look and finally a yes, we have you on the list.   They never seated us and never came around to offer alternatives or anything.  There were open tables.  Finally, we left and ate elsewhere.Beyond the service, there was loud music--too loud to talk--blaring in the dining area.  I like music.  I like restaurants.  I don't mind when restaurants have music.  But when you cannot hear what the person you are eating with is saying to you and the bartenders cannot hear what you are ordering, the music is too loud for a restaurant.  I go to restaurants to enjoy a good meal and have a nice conversation with whomever I'm with.  I would guess most people share that belief.  If I want it that loud, I'll go to a bar, not a restaurant.  Oh, and the beer from the taps tasted funky.  They either aren't cleaning their taps or are cleaning them improperly.  I tasted both an IPA and a wheat beer.  Both were weird.Sorry, NOLA, but nothanks.
4	We had a reservation and did not have to wait at all. There was live jazz but I was glad to not be seated near the bar- it would have been way too loud for any conversation.We started with a rum/milk/chocolate cocktail which was good but strong. Our waiter was friendly and helpful. We kicked off our meal with a starter of fried shrimp and it was just fantastic. The portion size was good and the hot pepper jelly was a great complement  to the flavors. We followed it up with grilled catfish. It was cooked perfectly. I am not a big fan of mashed potatoes and opted to add some hot sauce to the dish. We were offered a selection of 7-8 hot sauces. Loved it!The dessert selection didn't tempt us much and there weren't too many choices for vegetarians. But it's a nice place and we might go back to try the other fish choices.
4	Great atmosphere, service and food.  Only thing that keeps me from giving it a 5 star rating is the fact that they didn't serve bread or rolls and the time between our appetizers and dinners was a little long.  I had shrimp and grits and it was absolutely awesome!  My husband had a Mac Daddy pasta dish that was chockfull of seafood, my son had the jambalaya, also full of seafood.  My other son said his peach cobbler was the best he ever ate!  Food portions were large, we all had a doggie bag for home.  Everything was perfectly seasoned, felt as if we were eating cajun food from they bayou!  Bar area noisy, we ate in the dining area--quite nice!
4	Let me say this. I am so thankful I did not review this place after my first visit. I had went during their grand opening phase it was not what I anticipated at all, however, I thoroughly enjoyed my experience this week.As a person with a sensitive stomach I am nervous to try many different things with unknown spices or possible ingredients I could get sick from. I did try the red beans and rice which were amazing. I definitely would get that again. And it should be good. I mean. If a New Orleans inspired restaurant cannot make good red beans and rice, why is it open?Since I was there for lunch I knew I wanted a flat bread. The waiter suggested I try the eggplant and chevre. I like it but would not run back to order it again. The flat bread itself was good, I just was not feeling the flavor. In the past I have had the pissaladiere which was very good. I also stole a few of my coworkers voodoo fries which were amazing. Honestly I'd go back just for the fries. The sandwiches all looked great and I really like their lunch combination ideas and the way they are presented.It is just such a neat place inside. I hate describing things as neat, but it really is. I wish it were more voodoo decorated, but that is just me. I think for it's location (being in the north), it does New Orleans justice. I cannot wait to go back and get the shrimp po boy!
4	far and away the best food and atmosphere of the 3 restaurants in this , for lack of a better word, chain.Trully authentic Creole cuisine.  Loved the po'boy
3	Visited twice, for lunch and dinner, and both meals were great.  Good portions, although the shrimp po' boy was a little heavy on the bread.  The bar was extremely loud, and we found it difficult to hear each other even when we were screaming from a foot away. Definitely recommend the red beans and rice though...and most noticeable was the great service!
4	NOLA is our go-to lunch spot at work. It's pretty great. I have mostly had sandwiches there, so I can't comment on their entrees on the menu. The have solid and interesting food, at a good price. Their fries are can't-help-yourself good. Really. They have one of the best veg sandwiches (Pan Bagnat) I thinkI've ever had. They offer combos of soup+salad or soup+sandwich or salad+sandwich, which is my favorite thing to get. The French onion soup is pretty amazing, salty, cheesy, and with thick chunks of bread under a thick layer of gruyere. Basically the food is great, and I haven't heard anything negative from anyone I've gone there with, with the exception of an off day in the kitchen, that happened maybe once. For a new restaurant, I think they got their chit together pretty quickly, and made some minor changes to the menu after a few weeks, which I think improved the place. I can't speak to their authentic-ness, but they are pretty damn good. The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is always nice and inviting, with a nice little outdoor area for those beautiful days in the square. They do, however, have one of the worst entrance/lobby/hostess stations in the world. You are basically standing in the middle of the main thoroughfare through the restaurant while waiting to talk to the hostess. And if you happen to have to wait for a table, then you are awkwardly trying to find a place to put yourself with out being in the way. There is basically no where to stand without bothering someone, and that bothers me. It's nice that they have the most amount of seating possible in there, but it would be even nicer if that awkwardness was done away with the removal of one or two tables.
4	I stopped at Nola for dinner and drinks while on biz in Pittsburgh...and YEZZIR this is a good spot!  If you go, you gotta try the Scallops Mac Daddy...good stuff!  Had some live music poppin and drinks were flowing.  Right in Market Sq so overall nice atmosphere.
5	We couldn't resist stopping in at this place. The outside eating area is small and can get somewhat uncomfortable when many people are waiting to find a seat. This is made up for by the amazing band that was playing and the general ambiance of market square. Many people stopped to take pictures of the restaurant, patio, and band. This restaurant really adds to the market square environment. We were told to grab any open seat on the patio since the indoor seating area was unavailable due to our lack of a reservation. This did not bother us and they were polite. The draft beer selection was good and their "house" IPA was decent. The alligator starter is crispy and smothered in a zesty sauce. Good stuff! The pork chop was huge and worth the price. Overall we loved this place due to the good food, service, and environment. Check it out while it is still warm.
3	I've been to Nola on the Square a total of three times now, and (thankfully) every trip was better than the last.My first trip there was a bit rocky.  Granted, I was there on a Saturday night with a group of about 10.  Plus the restaurant had only been open for a few weeks at that point, so they were probably still working the kinks out at that point.  The packed restaurant definitely took a toll on our service, which was verrrry slow.  And by the time our party arrived, our waiter informed us that they were completely out of pasta, which resulted in almost half the table having to re-examine the menu for another option, including myself.  I understand that this happens, but it still looked pretty bad to be out of pasta by 8pm on a Saturday night in a relatively new restaurant.  I ended up ordering the special dish of the night, which was steak with some form of potatoes and spinach.  All very good, but nothing to write home about.My second visit found myself and my parents there late on a Sunday afternoon.  We walked in to find the restaurant relatively empty of both patrons.....and staff.  There were three hostesses working, and after receiving a poorly-disguised eye roll from one after I told her we didn't have reservations, they all informed us that the ENTIRE wait staff was currently in a meeting, so no one was available yet to take our order.  We then proceeded to wait 20 minutes for the wait staff meeting to adjourn before we could even order a glass of water.  But I put my annoyance at that situation on the hostessses, not the waiters.  It wasn't the waiters fault they were ALL pulled into a meeting simultaneously, and apparently it wasn't in the hostess' job description to ask paying patrons if they wanted something to drink while we waited.  But ANYWAY.  Once our waitress arrived (she was quite lovely), she promptly brought our drinks and took our order.  Our food arrived in a timely manner and was very good.  I had the smoked pork chop which was massive and cooked and seasoned very well.  So despite the horribly rocky start, our meal ended quite nicely.So FINALLY, upon my third visit, I had a completely positive Nola experience.  My group was promptly seated and our server was very informative and attentive the entire time.  I ordered the Scallps Mac Daddy which was soooooo yummy.  It's hard to go wrong with any combination of mac and cheese plus seafood, so this dish was absolutely delicious.  I can't wait to go back for my fourth visit and get it again!So, after working some glitches out of its system, Nola finally seems to be working like the well-oiled machine it was always meant to be!
3	Working downtown, you're always looking for new and good lunch spots. It's nice to see classy joints like this popping up all over the downtown area. Especially in the newly renovated Market Square. When they first started renovating the area, I just had this "what's the point" feeling. Market Square was a haven for the homeless and unemployed. Driving property value down, and detracting your average downtown commuter.I'm happy to say I was sorely mistaken. The face-lift Market Square has gotten has made me look at downtown Pittsburgh in a whole new light. A nice open airy atmosphere with plenty of trendy eateries all around. Sure you can't drive out all of the "riff-raff," but they certainly tried.A co-worker and I stopped by NoLa to check it out a couple weeks ago. I thought the decor was cool, an over-the-top (in a good way) vision of Bourbon St and Mardi Gras. We both got the Chicken and Andouille Po Boy, which was tasty.  We found the homemade mustard was a bit overpowering though, as it was not evenly distributed and sort of gobbed onto the sandwich.The service was good. In fact, it was too good. My co-worker and I were approached, no joke, six times by four different people asking how our meal was and how everything was going. This was excessive, and borderline annoying, given that we weren't even there an hour.Overall I think this place is pretty good, and has the potential to be better. I feel like they are still trying to work out some of the kinks, and once they do, things will definitely approve.If you love somewhat-pricey cajun food, and are downtown, this place is right up your alley.
3	Great food but overpriced.  Food is good and lunch prices are OK.  Oyster po-boy and jambalaya were very good, although the po-boy has way too much bread.
3	Cute restaurant located in Market Square. Valet parking and wait staff in ties makes the place look a bit more upscale then it really is.Only split a shrimp appetizer here but it was good. The beer list was awesome and you can even order New Orleans style drinks like the Hurricane.Get there and snag a table outdoors  for people watching, this place is frequented by ridiculous drunk middle aged women. I saw a woman take her shoes off grab onto a parking attendant and start running across Market Square.
4	I was taken to NOLA by a fellow Yelper and absolutely loved it.  Upon entering you know you're in a different place.  The staff was all smiles and the bartender was quick to great us and provide us with menus.  Overall it  was clean, crisp, and welcoming.Their chocolate covered strawberry frozen drink was by far the most complex frozen drink I have had taste-wise.  Sweet turns into genuine strawberry flavor, which then turned into a clean chocolate taste.I had the Shrimp N Grits.  It was an explosion of flavors and textures!!  The shrimp were perfectly cooked and very juicy.  The grits were rich and tasted just as good as being in the deep South.  The seasonings and trinity were in the right amount tying together a great dish.Will I return?  YES!  It was a great ambiance, good good, fair prices and excellent service.
3	I would have to agree with some of the other reviews about NOLA. I experienced much of what was reflected in other reviews. My 4 star rating comes mostly from the overpriced food, and generic desire to provide customer service to us as I will explain.A group of us (6) made reservations for 8:45pm on a Saturday night.  We arrived early and had a drink at the bar after we checked in with the hostess. 8:45pm came and went and at around 9:05 we began to wonder why we haven't been seated yet. Finally around 9:30 we finally sat down. A whole 45 minutes past our reservation time, I find this unacceptable because there where numerous open tables on the other side of the restaurant. Also the management and staff constantly asked us if we were doing good and having fun etc. I find this approach to be like walking into a department store and someone is breathing down your neck. When I made the correlation that their approach was generic was when the waitress spilled my wife's glass of wine on the table. Rather than simply asking "what kind of wine she had," and replacing it with a full glass. She actually asked how much was left in the glass and brought her another glass that was approximately a half serving of wine. Slightly tacky in my opinion. It really seemed as if they could have used more waitstaff for the dinning room.The food was pretty good but I seriously believe that it was a little bit on the high $ side. I also thought that their menu was lacking some other staple Cajun dishes such as etouffee, boudin, boiled crawfish. Although they did have frog legs on the menu which I tried, have to say they were good. And alligator. I did think that it was weird that they did have things on the menu labeled as Cajun like Salmon??? I also tried the shrimp and grits and scallops Mac Daddy. I thought that the shrimp and grits while flavorful did not have the correct consistency of true grits. I also thought that this dish represented more of a "Southern style cooking" rather than New Orleans / Cajun.  And for $26 which I knew was high in the first place. The scallops Mac daddy was definitely the Mac Daddy. Very good rich dish with perfectly cooked scallops.
4	Had a late lunch outdoors on the square. Our food was good and our server was great.
5	My daughter and I had reservations at NOLA before going to see a Friday night performance of Wicked.  We were over 30 minutes late for our reservation due to traffic and weather, but were still seated almost immediately.  We let the host and our server know that we had theater tickets, so we were kind of restricted on time, especially since we arrived late.  Our server thanked us for letting him know and was very attentive throughout our meal and got us out in plenty of time for the show.  He was also very knowledgeable on menu.  We shared the Crispy Fried Alligator which was perfectly light and crisp and tasty.  My daughter opted for a bowl of French Onion Soup.  As soon as hers arrived, it smelled so fantastic that I ordered a bowl too.  The veal broth, vermouth and caramelized onions made for a slightly sweet, total delectable soup.   If you love French Onion Soup, be sure to try this one.  You won't be disappointed. My daughter got the Steak Frites et Salade.  Perfectly cooked steak, tasty fries and salad.  She enjoyed it.I got the Seafood Jambalaya.  Perfectly caramelized rice, seasoned with a pleasantly spicy kick,  plump scallops & shrimp, generous pieces of sausage and crispy chicken drummettes.  Definitely another hit. And sitting near the kitchen, we could see the desserts and had been eying them since we sat down.  We decided to share a Bananas Foster.  It was made with moist delicious banana bread pudding, crispy sweet banana fritters and homemade rich luscious caramel ice cream.  Every bite was amazing. We'll definitely eat there again!
4	My work group has been here a few times for happy hours and I think we're all pretty happy with the place. Drink specials are decent and service is fast.And they have really great happy hour food specials. $1 for a small bowl of gumbo really hits the spot during happy hour.
4	I had dinner at NOLA on a Saturday evening before a Pens game with my son. Our 5:15pm arrival allowed for no waiting and a relaxing meal with plenty of time, (almost an hour) to walk to Console Energy Center afterward.   We received quick and friendly service. The waitress was very helpful with her suggestions. We enjoyed a Shrimp Po Boy and the NOLA Burger both served with fries in Voodoo Dust which were a big hit!!    The French Onion Soup is VERY good and also a great value as it is topped with gruyere cheese. A definite must try and worth the trip itself!  We were both pleased that NOLA was our choice for our pre game meal and I will soon return!
3	Didn't know what to expect when I ate here for lunch, but there was a line out the door so it couldn't be that bad, right?  When I walked in, I realized I would be eating Louisiana style food.  I'm not a spicy food fan, so I ordered the only thing on the menu I could find without some spice to it, can't remember the name of it, but it was basically a ham & cheese sandwich with mustard. The fries were great and salad was ok. Overall everything was ok, but I probably won't come back anytime soon, just because of the spice factor. A little pricey too and overcrowded. I'd recommend making a reservation if you're planning on eating here.
3	Nice to have a New Orleans type restaurant in downtown Pittsburgh.  Don't compare it to a restaurant in New Orleans.  The Gumbo was OK; nothing great.  It needed more spice, more OKRA and more Andouille sausage.  The Nola salad wasn't bad but the dressing wasn't that great.  You can get a smaller side salad, but need to ask for it.  The $25 Jambalaya conisted of 3 shrimp, 2 scallops and 3 cold chicken wings that tasted like they came out of a frozen bag of Tyson's on top of a bed of rice.  I had to let the Jambalya sit because it was steaming, but the wings were cold.  The waiter pushed the fried alligator but that's too much for 1.I was surprised how fast the food came; too fast.  As soon as I finished each course the next one was plopped down.  I had to ask for bread and I can see why.  It wasn't good.   As for service I had to wait for a table because the maitre De couldn't figure out where to put me.  He kept counting how many tables each server had.  The waiter didn't want to tell me the specials.  He said it wasn't worth it since I was a first timer. I told him I have had Cajun/Creole food many times.  I also had to remind my waiter that iced tea meant cold; so please give me lots of ice when you server warm tea.  To cap off the dinner I tried the Peach Cobbler.  Please get a dessert menu and don't try to rattle it from memory.  I give it a C.  Take a trip south and ask for a recipe.  I was surprised they didn't have Banana's Foster but served Beignets.  Located in Market Square.
4	Great spirits from the TOULOUSE MARTINI (Vodka, Ginger Snap, Pineapple Juice, prickly pear Granita, Mint) to get me groove of thethe NOLA music in the background.Once my food arrived, the smell of the deliciousness as I heard the sizzling of my Jumbalaya (Carnaroli Rice, Wild Caught Shrimp, Sea Scallops, Chicken, Andouille).  Nicely seasoned and the heat from the spices was just right.  I could tell when at the end of my dish I was snifflin' a little.  That is usually an accurate indicator of good dish.To finish of my meal, I had to end the night NOLA style...an order of Beignet, which came with 4 pieces and two scoops of blackberry sorbet.I was completely satisfied and will definitely be coming back for to try the Shrimp and Grits.
4	A taste of Nawlins on Market Sq? Close...Although the drink menu was extensive the actually menu was a bit limited and wordy.  I'm all for describing your foods but, to who's determent?  I had the fried shrimp which was delicious but, became a bit too much about the 5th shrimp.  My dining companions all loved their food and drinks but, would have loved a bit more variety when it came to actual dishes.
4	I've been to NOLA twice, once for lunch and once for drinks and an appetizer. I really enjoyed both experiences. My lunch with delicious, I had the Chicken & Andouille Po Boy with a side of fries and salad. I really enjoyed the flavors in all of the dishes! The fries were probably my favorite. I couldn't help put love the decorations and layout of the restaurant as well. The second time I went my friends and I split a bunch of apps. I was most impressed with the amazing french onion soup (hello, Gruyere!) and Abita Battered Shrimp Basket. Can't wait to go back and dine again!
4	NOLA has been on my list for quite some time and I'm happy to report that my first experience was pretty good overall. I went with a group so I got to sample everyone else's food too!!We started with the frog legs and fried alligator. I preferred the gator to the frog legs. I had the shrimp and grits, which was a massive portion. It was good, not as spicy as I expected and slightly on the greasy side, but I ate around the puddles. We also had the steak frittes, seafood jambalaya, red fish and the cat fish. No complaints from the peanut gallery regarding their meals. I'm anxious to go back and try something new!
1	TERRIBLE..Woodfired flatbread pizza, sausage and crawfish. Not a flatbread just pizza dough that was very flimsy. Way too much cheese. Crawfish disgusting, fishy flavor. Sausage ok. Also had gator app. Best part was the creole sauce. Plates were dirty. Nola is a nogo
5	I have been to NOLA two times both around lunch time and both times we had amazing experiences.  We had flatbreads to start.  They are SO yummy!  I had the shrimp and grits both times we were there.  They are SO good I actually crave them!  I am not one for spicy in food but they add just the right amount of heat to them.  The Beneigts were just amazing!  We had terrific service!  We will DEFINITLEY return for the shrimp and grits!  Oh, and the atmosphere is sublime!
3	Decided to give it another try.....Excellent red fish!  Bread pudding was nothing great. They were flexible on subbing for the red beans and rice.
3	This has been one of the restaurants on my list for a while and I finally went with some friends ( I had a pay half certificate). The place was lively for a tuesday (which I love).  We had a res but we started in the bar for a couple.  The bartenders were friendly actually they must have messed up a dish in the kitchen because we were offered a whole entree while we were at the bar (we accepted). We sat down at our table which was in a booth on the other side of the bar, not quite as lively but it was cozy.  We ordered the crocodile and frog legs.  I wasn't a huge fan of the frog but the 'dile was good (it was fried and tossed in an aioli so that might have helped).  I ordered the catfish with rice and beans.  I wasn't a huge fan of my dish.  I guess its a NoLa thing to put pork in black beans ( i was bummed because I don't eat pork). My friend ordered the shrimp and grits which sounded delish.  When she got it is was floating in oil. She said the flavor was good but way too oily. Pro: Knowledgeable server, lively bar, market square, crocodile was good. Cons: Extra oily food, not very veg friendly. Overall: I am glad I tried this place but maybe NoLa style food isn't my thing.
2	Disappointing food for the price.  I've had better Jambalaya out of a box.   I had high expectations but was thoroughly underwhelmed.
4	It is nice to have a somewhat decent, somewhat cajun place north of the Mason Dixon line.  While the food is pretty darn good (not great), I have to give the place high marks for bringing this style of cooking up north.  Keeping with the style, they have several Abita beers on tap, which are hard enough to find in bottles.  The gumbo is really good, but the portion is small and relatively expensive.  The blackened seasoning has been salty, but when I ask for less salt they do comply.  The waitstaff and bar tenders are very friendly.  Stay away from the banana foster bread pudding dessert, it is so unbelievably good and decadent I'm sure you're selling your soul to the devil.
4	Good service, good food & awesome atmosphere! Great addition to Market Square. The jambalaya was yummy!
3	I visited Nola for dinner on a Saturday night. We were crammed into a back table right next to the kitchen. Nola has an exposed kitchen but it didn't work for such a small space. I looks tacky in the far back of the house.  The lay out of the restaurant was very awkward to walk through.  There was a narrow hall way with tables on either side.   My boyfriend commented that it looks as if two different spaces had been conjoined.  The portion sizes are very large here and come with a large price tag.  I got the mac daddy cheese, which is macaroni and huge scallops.  I didn't finish my meal.  The scallops were cooked well enough. However combining them with cheesy macaronis the dish missed its mark. It was possibly the over crowed environment that made the food less appetizing,  I will not be going back to Nola anytime soon. I think they can use a little more care and attention going into the food they serve. I gave this restaurant three stars because my boyfriend said that he enjoyed his meal there.
5	Wow. Just wow. After reading other reviews I was hesitant. The service was razor sharp, no empty glasses, no plates laying around, nobody waiting for more liquor. I ordered the fried alligator appetizer , gumbo soup and jumbalia for dinner. If you haven't tried alligator, do yourself a favor and do. Great dish with smoky thousand island dressing sauce. The gumbo soup was spicy and hearty. I'm going to look into making my own for cold winter nights after this experience.The scallops and shrimp in the jumbalia were very well cooked, it as well was served (physically) HOT and spicy, it was everything I could ask for. When I asked for the hottest hot sauce they had, it was delivered. Not just Franks Red Hot like I'm normally served. It was a unique brand of fire death. Perfect.Overpriced yeah. But I left with a new taste for cajun cooking. I did not want to rate this establishment 5 stars, but I had too.
4	Lunch today. Very impressed. Fun atmosphere. Great service and food. Shrimp appetizer was outstanding. Gumbo solid and enjoyed the shrimp po boy. Not sure about the dinner menu but lunch prices very reasonable.
4	Pretty good southern food fare! Reservations are a must, otherwise there may be a long wait, although last time we waited around 20 minutes when they had told us it'd be 45-60 minutes. There was a $5 off for joining loyaltree's iphone app and scanning the QR code inside the bill folder. So yay for unexpected and extra discounts.
2	We recently for a client meeting there and had a reservation for 14 people. Were seated timely in their upper level room. The server was knowledgeable and knew the menu by heart. I ordered the Steak Frites et Salade and was not too happy with it. The fries were on the mark and were freshly made and the salad was average, but i was hugely disappointed with the Hanger Steak (Medium) what was chewy and cold as if it was lying for a while until they prepared everyone's order and ready to serve. The ambiance was average and the carpets could use a makeover too.
5	As good as it gets. EXPENSIVE. yes, great service, atmosphere, and food. It all really ties into the creole, new orleans feel, and its something different for pittsburgh. I read all of there reviews, about the alligator, the grits...etc. So my friend and I ordered the famous alligator, and being a culinary student, I was ambitious to try it. AWESOME, please try it. Our next courses were the Roasted Quail, and the Seafood jambalaya. 25$ a pop, now this may be due to the fact that the waitress asked if we were sharing, but it's still expensive. However no matter the price it was amazing, the jambalaya was smokey, and all about the seafood. Now my favorite was the Quail, just so juicy with the right spices, and the red wine reduction sauce, just my mouth is watering as we speak...and I just left. Now there was no dessert menu, not even listed on the website, and I was dying for a sweet finish, and all I wanted was a banana's foster. So the waitress Abigail instructed us that, they make their desserts day of, and they had a banana's foster bread pudding with a salted caramel ice cream. BOMB DIGGGITTTYY! I'm totally making this myself. A transformation  of the original and it was just the right finish. They also have live entertainment, I'd suggest to make a reservation via open table or what not, but I over heard the hostess talking to another guest that they do get packed when there is live entertainment. Now you would think that it would get so loud in there. No I wasn't screaming out the top of my lungs to my friend, it was so casual, so jazzy, and so a perfect night. BTW hot valet boys and complimentary at that; after 5 on the weekends I believe. Expect an awesome atmosphere, great food plus service. Just expect to spend your pretty pennies on it. All thumbs up!
2	I love cajun and creole food. LOVE IT. I know this isn't New Orleans and what can you expect from a Pittsburgh restaurant offering cajun food. Well, how about some crawfish??? Is that too much to ask? None on the menu. None available off the menu. Zero. Considerable disappointment. Oh, ok, you can get excited about the novelty of alligator bites. I've had alligator in every form (including ribs) all over the Gulf states and in a dozen restaurants in New Orleans, and these are nothing special. They're good for an experience and to tell everyone you ate alligator but how much joy do you get from that. You won't order them twice.I'm a jambalaya afficianado. NOLA's is complelety unremarkable. Wait, I take that back. It's remarkable in it'soddity - they use 3 whole chicken wings for the chicken component. Messy and not a good call. And where's the mudbugs? Jambalaya needs crawfish!! And where's the ettoufe? Nowhere, that's where. I love Abita beer and they have  a good selection. But that's about the most positive thing I can say about the place. Sure, it's a novelty. Yeah, it's a great place to take your out of town guests for someplace new and different. But if you ask me, it's not a place I'd recommend. Go once. You'll agree with me.
3	Its nice to see a Louisiana style place open in Pittsburgn and the location is great.. However, after just being to New Orleans and coming here I can say its not really comparable to a nice restaurant down there. Food is pretty overpriced and just doesn't taste quite right. Service was pretty good, and its a big restaurant with free valet parking. Its decorated tastefully too.
5	Best french onion soup around.  Lunch prices are affordable and this is a cuisine unique to downtown.Great addition to market square! Plus they participate in LoyalTree mobile rewards program.
5	We tried their jambalaya and po-boy shrimp. The jambalaya was modelately spicy but kept good flavor. Shrimp po-boy was de-licious!!!!! They have a special cole slaw that was tangy and went well with the meals we got.
4	We came here for a non-Valentine's-Day Valentine's Day dinner on the 13th (because I like to avoid the actual-day rush at restaurants), and this was a fantastic non-traditional romantic dinner.First things first, you can't come here and not try the alligator.  Our waitress recommended it, and I'm so glad she did.  Imagine a cross between popcorn chicken and fried calamari with a spicy aioli dipping sauce: that's what the alligator was like.We also loved our entrees, but be warned, they are gigantic portions.  I got the cajun pork chop, which was easily enough for two meals, and my husband got the scallops mac daddy, which looked like two pounds of homemade gourmet mac n cheese.  Flavors were great, and I loved the little bit of spicy kick in everything.NOLA also has a sizeable specialty drink list, so we tried a few New Orleans-inspired cocktails from that.  They were healthy pours, and a decent price.  I'm not much of a bourbon drinker, but their Bourbon Street Blues cocktail was pretty good.Finally, you have to spring for dessert, and you have to get the beignets.  They're like a donut and a funnel cake all in one, loaded with powdered sugar, and served alongside a trio of yummy sherbets.  I mean it: no matter how much you eat beforehand, save room for this dessert!NOLA also hosts live music and special events (like an upcoming Mardi Gras celebration).  They're located in Market Square, but they also have free valet parking if it's crowded and you can't find a spot for your car.  We loved it, and we'll definitely be back (for more alligator).
3	I have dined here 3 times now so I feel like I have tried enough to give it a fair shake.  To be fair, this is a 5 star restaurant in Pittsburgh but I have actually left the city limits unlike some of my neighbors and dined in cities all over the country.  I would not visit this restaurant if it were in New Orleans.  I own a house there and am there quite a bit so they have a pretty high bar to reach with me.  It might do ok in the touristy part of the city on Decatur St but would certainly close if it were out in the neighborhoods.  The service has been pretty good.  Although last night we had 3 members of the waitstaff try to take our drink order and give us the spiel.  I was pretty irritated by the 3rd person and had to tell him to stop and tell the others he was duplicating service.  The rest of the night, blessedly, they left us to enjoy our meal.I like the flatbreads.  I had them the first time I visited.  I also think the pork chop dish is really good.  I don't love the beans and rice.  They've missed here and it's a serious offense for someone who loves this food.  There's too much grease on the plate and there's chili powder or something in there.  It should just taste more like beans and andouille.  I fear they've tried too hard on this one.  I had a perfectly cooked redfish and I like the slaw.  The duck and oyster special gumbo was good but is missing the umami of a terrific gumbo and if it were my first one I would probably have thought it terrific.  The food all the way around is solidly good but I am not a 4 star fan.  It just misses for me.  If you've never had this cuisine and live here you should definitely go and check it out.  It's a lot of fun and I am sure you'll have a good meal.
3	After another couple of visits here, I have to give this place a downgrade. I was excited when it first opened, and may have been a bit overly enthused after my first visit. The food is good...A-OK is actually very apt...but not of the caliber that you'd find in New Orleans. The waitstaff likes to let you know that the chef spent 5 years in New Orleans, and some of the food coming out of the kitchen here reflects that. There are just too many misses for it to be 5 or even 4 star.We were in for their Mardi Gras celebration last night, and they were offering a few specials for the occasion, which I took advantage of, as the regular menu is not large, and I've had most everything that I want to try on it already. The duck and oyster gumbo was very good, with tender duck meat as well as delightful cracklins, and whole oysters swimming in a full flavored broth with long grain rice. Thumbs up on the gumbo. I was delighted to see crawfish etouffee as a special, as this really belongs on the regular menu of any Creole restaurant. When you get this meal anywhere in New Orleans (I know, I know...I keep harping on the whole New Orleans thing. But this place is claiming that badge, so I feel justified in making the comparison), it comes as a kind of saucy stew served over long grain white rice. Maybe a sprinkle of parsley. The chef here served it over puff pastry with asparagus and house cured tasso. When I saw that description, my heart sank a little, but I ordered it anyway. I understand that he was trying to dress up the dish a little, as people outside of Louisiana might not think the simplicity of this dish warrants a $24 price tag. If I base my review on just the etouffee alone, it was not very good. Not enough creamy sauce, not enough flavor. The addition of the puff pastry and aspargus pulled it down more. The puff pastry was just in the way, and the asparagus, while perfectly cooked, did not belong with the other elements on the plate. The house made tasso lacked depth of flavor, and seemed like just strips of ham that they had put some dry rub on and aged. This whole dish needs work. We skipped dessert last night as we had 2 on our last visit, and they were both disappointing. The NOLA cocktail, which is bourbon, simple syrup, absinthe and lemon juice, had not enough bourbon flavor and too much lemon. I also need to mention service. We had three servers come to our table and say the EXACT SAME THING. One would greet us, let us know that they and another two servers would be taking care of us, ask us if we'd been here before, and get a drink order. By the third time it was beyond annoying, and my vocal partner let them know. I've said it before...team service needs to be three different people doing different tasks, so the customer isn't burdened with repetition. Again, some things here, like the redfish, flat breads, gumbo and the porkchop, are very good. Others need work.
4	Very much enjoyed the atmosphere, both staff and patrons made my evening a great time. The food was excellent, drinks affordable, and the band gave me a reason to dance. Fun!
4	Do yourself a favor, and get the alligator. No it is not "kinda like chicken." It's a different taste, a different texture and whole lot of goodness. The sauce drizzled on the lightly battered, crispy pieces of alligator tail meat has the right amount of kick to make you close your eyes and go, "yummmm" and secretly wish that your dinner buddies that you are sharing this with would disagree and not eat a lot of the crunchy, fried alligator bites and so you can devour them all. Well, that ain't happening! It is THAT good!I got the quail as dinner. I didn't want a piece of blackened fish or something that I could make myself! So quail it was! The bed of wild rice and oyster dressing is delicious. The quail itself is juicy with a crispy skin. One of my friends raved about the gumbo. Another had the cornmeal crusted tilapia (special) of the night. The cooking here is done very very well. The cornmeal crust is just perfect, crusty, yet juicy fish on the inside.The experience is truly great and kinda unique. The bar is crazy busy, the seating area is vibrant with people of all ages enjoying their food. A happy crowd is always a sign of a great restaurant.The portions here are more on the Pittsburgh portion side. The place has valet parking, I didn't know about it until I parked, so don't know the details. There are quite a few garages around Nola.
4	Tried this based on pressure from the group I was with. I am generally wary of restaurants in touristy squares. We shared a whole bunch of apps and mains amongst the group. All of the fried bits as starters were good. One plate had a pork shank that was really good. Mains included quail and the hanger steak. Both were tasty.  Was it an epic culinary experience? No. Was I glad we went there? Yup. The food was good enough and it was fun. The good food, unpretentious atmosphere, good beer list and great service all came together to earn this four stars.
4	Surprisingly good and attentive wait-staff who actually give recommendations. Beautiful bar area, wall mural, and open kitchen. Live music 3 nights a week. This is the same team that brought us the top-notch Sonoma Grille and Seviche, and it shows in their glossiness and attention to detail. Their only big failing is that they are a little too conservative with the spices. It's not vegetarian-friendly or waistline friendly, but it sure is tasty. The soup and sandwich lunch special may be the best bang-for-your-buck at a higher end downtown restaurant. Don't miss the French Onion soup - which could be a sizable lunch on its own. Nola is a good, fun addition to Market Square, and it sure does buzz on a weekday afternoon as well as a weekend afternoon. Stop by next time you're craving cajun.
5	Amazingly delicious! is my first comment. Must try it!  This is our first ever visit to Pittsburgh and my wife and I enjoy new foods. We ate lunch today in Market Square and the waitress recommended a neighboring restaurant called Nola's for dinner. She explained they have a jazz band and the food is good. We walked over after lunch to make a reservation. The earliest was fir 9:15 because "it's Saturday night" the friendly host said. When we arrived the band was playing easy jazz music and laughter filled the restaurant. We were seated immediately and likewise greeter by Greg our waiter. He sports a great handlebar mustache.We looked over the menu and decided to choose the frog legs appetizer. We never had them before - another first. They were quickly served in a mushroom in lemon and bacon sauce that was so succulent we immediately decided we would try other items on the menu we've never had.We then tried the fried alligator also off the appetizer menu. Again it arrived shortly thereafter. Amazingly savory spicy flavors with the alligator.We the had the oyster stew. Again a deliciously savory taste to the stew.Continuing on with the theme for the night we had the wood roasted quail. Another first. It's served on a bed of rice pilaf and cranberry Pinot noir with fresh asparagus.This was and evening if firsts and we truly enjoyed topping our visit to Pittsburgh. My wife and I have been married for over 31 years and she has always enjoyed great food. Nola's was an experience which quickly and easily jumps to the top of our list of favorite places to eat.Great food, great service in a great environment accompanied the great companionship with my wife.
4	On a Thursday evening, without a reservation we tried to get a table here.  The hostess was very welcoming so we waited and scored an awesome table outdoors!!!  We enjoyed the glorious evening - the music was at a conversational level.  The server (and I'm mortified I didn't catch her name but she is expecting) was warm and engaging.  She had us trying alligator (+++) and was spot on with her individual recommendations to us.
5	Loved this place!We took the boys and they had no problem w/ children in the restaurant.  The boys loved our server and his handlebar mustache!  My oldest obliterated his pizza and my youngest finished his chicken fingers when we left.  I had a ham sandwhich.  I think it came w/ gouda...but it came w/ the apple dipping sauce!  MMMmmmmmm!  I annihalated that sandwhich.  Oh, it came w/ a side of voodoo fries, which were yummy.  Hubs had the salmon and loved it.  We will definitely be back.
3	This place would have been at least a 4 if I hadn't been to New Orleans last week. My food was pretty good. I got the Jambalaya. It needed a bit more of a kick, so they provided hot sauce, but that's really not the same. As mentioned in the other reviews, the red beans and rice was amazing, and the quail that my brother got was awesome. My problem came with the ambiance, the price, and the beignets. Even though my group was seated in the dining area, the jazz music overwhelmed any conversation that may have been had. We also got the beignets for dessert and they were more cake-y and dense than any other beignets I've had, resulting in a really underwhelming desert. On top of that, the price was a bit high for the quality of food. I would recommend this place more for the bar and music than for the restaurant end.
2	Big time Bummer.  This would have been my fourth time going to NOLA for lunch and the first time that I have eaten at the tables as opposed to the bar-top.  We got in before the lunch-rush hit and were seated quickly and in a friendly manner.  Our waiter was quick to ask about out interests in food, take our drink order and walk is through the menu.  Service was good, so that wasn't the issue, the issue here was the food.I ordered the Chicken Po Boy Sandwhich with a fruit salad instead of fries.  The whole meal was a disappointing, I only ate it because I was hungry and I didn't even do a good job at finishing my plate.  The chicken on the sandwich was dry, not oops it was grilled too long fry but oh dear me this might get stuck in my throat dry.  From there it was a series of unfortunate events.  The bread wasn't up to par with past sandwiches had and I stand by the thought that the bread to content ratio for the particular menu item is skewed in the favor of the bread.  The sausage was good but there was not enough kick to salvage the palate.  I can't remember if there was tomato or lettuce or any other veggie in it mostly because the biggest bummer overpowered the whole entree--the mustard.  It was there in dollops and it wasn't good in its own merit adding to the dryness of the whole sandwich.  Lastly, I chose the fruit salad in lieu of fries ... it was warm.  Now I understand if it's at room temperate in an air conditioned setting like the dining area ... but it was hot kitchen room temperature and biting into it didn't release cooler juices that might have survived the onslaught of the ambient heat in the back.  So that was a big bummer.I hate that I didn't like the food because my first three times were very good experiences.  When I do return, I'll have to try a different lunch entree since I don't want to risk another Po-saster.
4	We came here for happy hour and it was great. Service was quick and and I like the location! No veggie items but that is to be expected at a cajun place.
3	NOLA gets packed in the evenings and on weekends, but for good reason.  The bar is nice, the food is good, and the service is great.  Everyone that helped us was friendly and attentive, and made for an all around enjoyable experience.  I also never felt as though the restaurant was over-crowded, as some restaurants feel when there is a line out the door.  Also, Market Square is a great place to be on a nice afternoon in the Burgh too (or before a show at the theaters nearby).The menu is more of a northern version of Cajun food than authentic, but there are some interesting appetizer and entree choices, both for the timid and the daring.  My table ordered fried zucchini and alligator apps, and I had the quail for dinner, which was cooked perfectly.  The portions were very generous, and I was not able to finish my entire entree.  One of my friends had the scallop entree, and while it was a bit heavy and rich, it was also fantastic. Definitely worth a try if you have never been here before.
3	Excellent shrimp appetizer! Ok flatbread. I would return. Music was too loud and the service was awful. I'd give them another chance!
3	being from both new orleans and cajun country, i go into restaurants outside of louisiana who offer louisiana food with very low expectations.  that being said, my rating for nola is a combination of the atmosphere, service, food and especially abita on tap (which i totally appreciate).  i had the red beans and rice which wasn't bad - it needed more flavor and heat but is made correctly with the bean paste.  i also had the abita battered shrimp which comes with a pepper sauce - not bad but it's better for the heat to be part of the batter rather than the cooked shrimp sprinkled with chili powder.  also, the cole slaw was not good.  finally, we had the griddle grits which was ok.  the flavor was strange at first but it grows on you.  the presentation of all the food was nice, but $11 for a few shrimp and $17 for grits is overpriced.the service was attentive and good.  the kind of music played was spot on.  finally, one recommendation would be to put hot sauce on the tables, which is standard in louisiana and needed for what was served.
2	Ups and downs.  Went on a Saturday night relatively early.  We were excited to get some fried alligator appetizers.  They were out.  Ok, stuff happens.We were with a party of 10 (pay attention...that'll come back up) and warned that they would add automatic 20% gratuity (ok, no biggie) and would not split the check -- no problem.  A bit tacky, but ok.  We brought a pen to split it ourselves.Everybody was happy with their entrees, and the soft-shell crab on cucumber (?) gazpacho was OUTSTANDING.  All's well.Server brings the check -- we're ready!  Pen comes out!  Paying with 4 cards, we split the bill and give her the 4 cards -- put the balance on the last one to cover the tip.Not sure what the problem was, but there was a minor meltdown.  She ended up grabbing the bill saying "Ugh, forget it...I'll just split it" and then came back and threw each of our bills back down on the table.  No exaggeration.  I've never had a bill envelope slammed on the table in front of me.  Guess she got her 20%....so who cares, right?Look, it's not that hard to split a check for a group.  It's basic restaurant etiquette.We would have let you know up front.  But it wasn't "allowed."We left slightly offended with a bad taste in our mouths.  I'm....not sure we'll be back.
3	I've only visited NOLA a hand full of times and majority of those times were spent sitting at the bar trying to kill time (hehehe ... ). I always get the same drink: the New Orleans Milk Punch. For whatever reason I am really bad about getting the same thing(s) over and over whenever I go out to eat. I even do it at McDonald's! Anyways, the Milk Punch is super delicious and I highly recommend it.One time, and one time only, my boyfriend and I decided to treat NOLA as a restaurant and got a table in the back. We didn't eat much as we weren't actually that hungry, but what we did try was tasty. We split a roasted tomato flatbread that was really very good. We split some other app as well, though I can't for the life of me remember what it was.Then I ordered a N.O. Milk Punch and that shit was delicious as usual. So you know what I'm recommending here. Sitting in Market Square, sipping on a Milk Punch is awesome. I might have to go do that today ...
4	Nola is pretty legit when it comes to a late night three course meal. I came to Nola on a Monday night around 8:30 and it had a perfect ambiance. I honestly couldn't imagine a cajun/creole restaurant with a better feeling. Nola is as close to New Orleans as you can get in our great city.As far as it comes to signature cocktails, I sampled two. A Gin Concoction that looked more like a white russian, but was very refreshing at the same time. And since I, myself, felt like such a amateur (girly) drinker, I had to order something with bourbon in it after. So, I went with something that tasted and looked a lot like a Manhattan, but had a much smoother aftertaste. For an appetizer,  we delicately chose the crab gratin, which came with six perfectly toasted pieces of french baguette. The gratin was perfect with melted cheese on top, and it wasn't filling, like some other gratin based meal that makes one feel full after a few indulgences. You could see the gigantic lump crab meat on every bite.The entree was a bit expensive for a filet mignon at $33 for a plate of glorified steak, asparagus, and mashed potatoes. But damn, it was amazing. The steak was the best cooked medium-rare filet mignon I've ever had.  The mashed potatoes were just like something your grandma would make. For desert, my date and I went with a chocolate mousse, with a chocolate cake middle layer, and on top was a roasted marshmallow, which was the size of a softball. After taking two bites, my mind and stomach threw in the towel. The whole entire meal was perfect from start to finish. The only reason I'm giving Nola four stars and not five is because of the price. I definitely felt like Nola charges way too much for the type of establishment they portray themselves to be when you walk in and sit down. Just a thought.
3	Maybe it's because I had high expectations based on reviews I had read, but I was a little disappointed in the food. We had the seafood jambalaya which wasn't as spicy as I thought it would be. It had a very... interesting flavor (for lack of a better word). I'm not an expert at jambalaya but it didn't taste like what I remember. It had a bit of a sour taste to it which I decided I didn't like because it reminded me of food that was spoiling. We also had the Gumbo Ya-ya, and Creole Pulled Pork Po Boy. The gumbo was pretty good. As for the Creole Pulled Pork Po Boy, the pork  was pretty bland but it tasted good when eaten with the gumbo. It was served on fresh bread. The restaurant itself was pretty loud. Our waitress was really friendly and nice and the bathrooms were clean which is always a  bonus. Overall, I only gave NOLA a 3 star because I really did NOT like the way the jambalaya tasted. I had higher expectations for the restaurant.
2	Four (4!!!) overcooked shrimp on a whole shrimp po boy for 12 bucks?!? How can they serve this without being ashamed of themselves? Red beans n rice was average at best. Nothing close to authentic. Gumbo? Meh. Bland and boring.I will say though that the service was above average...though it didn't make up for NOLA's lazy take on Cajun cuisine. This restaurant wouldn't last a day in New Orleans.
3	Service 4/5Decor 4/5Food 2/5Nothing we ate had much creativity. The frog legs were okay, the salad, and Jambalaya were mediocre.
5	I've been here several times and each time, it gets better and better. The ambiance is fun New Orleans.  Not trashy Bourbon street, but like if Bourbon street had a classier, older brother.  The kitchen is open which I love, so you can see them making the food and see what other people are getting - the next time, I'll be having what she's having. The food is awesome.  I went here for lunch, so sadly no beer for me, but S had a Guiness and an Abita - a New Orleans beer which is awesome.  I prefer the Purple haze or Turbodog, but he had the seasonal that he liked. I got the spinach and strawberry salad with an add on of catfish.  It also had blue cheese - and whoa did it ever!  Tons of the pungent blue stuff - and cajun pepitas.  Delicious!
2	Wow was really looking forward to trying this place out while we were in the Burgh and I am sorry to say I was not impressed. The decor and service were great but the food was OK at best. The alligator was all breading, the fried green tomatoes were lame and my blackened fish was so dry it turned to dust when I touched it. Another person at our table got the same fish and it was cooked the same way which was too much. The scallops and noodles with cheese was by far the best dish at the table but even that lacked scallops. The alcohol selection was good and the cocktail I had with milk and bourbon (can't remember the name) was very tasty. Unfortunately the next time I am in pittsburgh I will be dining elsewhere.
5	WOW. I was seriously so impressed with NOLA. My friend and I decided to go here for dinner on a Thursday night on a whim. I'd heard pretty good things about the place so I was excited to give it a try. We were seated quickly (the place is a lot bigger than it looks from the outside) and our server came right over. They were fairly busy but not packed. I was feeling somewhat confused by the menu because I am NOT familiar with Creole food at all, so I was very happy when our server asked if we've been there before and helped us a lot with the menu when we told her we hadn't.She was extremely familiar with the menu, and even things that weren't actually on the menu but could be done by customizing a dish. She recommended the jambalaya and the scallops mac daddy, which is a scallop mac and cheese dish. My friend got the jambalaya and I got the scallops, and we opted for a flatbread pizza as an appetizer. We were so happy with our choices. Everything was absolutely excellent. And I can't stress enough how great the service was.The manager came over and asked how our meals were and about our experience in general, which was nice of her and we told her how pleased we were.As a disclaimer, yes it is a little pricey but in my opinion the food and the service is well worth it. And it's in a great location in Market Square. We will certainly be back!!
2	I had high hopes for NOLA.My boyfriend's family lives in New Orleans, and we visit yearly.  When I first walked into NOLA, my first impression was that this is kind of like the Disney World version of New Orleans.  It is over the top, cliche, and kinda cheesy.  That's fine, I can deal with that.  Cheesy can be fun, and the music was great.  I tried to keep a positive attitude.I ordered a Sazerac, a classic New Orleans cocktail, and it was served warm.  It was also very heavy on the absinthe rinse.  Friends have told me they've had great Sazeracs at NOLA, so I'm hoping this was a fluke.Next, I tried the alligator appetizer.  It was pretty tasty, but the presentation was not great.  The tiny nuggets of fried alligator were dwarfed by the huge rectangular plate they were served on.  It just seemed like an interesting choice. The red beans and rice dish was pretty awesome, but it wasn't as good as those I've had on the Gulf Coast.  They weren't as thick and creamy, and they were lacking in spice (a bottle of hot sauce fixed that).  Overall, NOLA did not do justice to the awesomeness that is New Orleans cuisine.  I love New Orleans, and I want to love NOLA.  I'll definitely give it a second try.Some perks:  live music, $5 valet parking after 5 (for all of Market Square), good service, fun ambiance
4	Friend is the manager so down here for lunch. I'd been hearing about this and was treated pretty well since I was with the manager, but the server was not very good. My friend had to get up and get our own food, drinks, etc... The gumbo was just ok, the beer was great, and the desert was tasty.
3	I've been to New Orleans and eaten my way through that glorious city and I can safely say that NOLA is not really representative of New Orleans food.  The Partner In Cuisine and I split an alligator appetizer, a po'boy, and a mufaletta, but they had been "Pittsburghized."  The Voodoo Fries were just french fries with seasoned salt.  Fortunately for them, the lack of New Orleans authenticity didn't take away from the fact that the food was tasty.  I'll definitely go back  to indulge in some Abita (since it's not an easy find in Pittsburgh) and perhaps the alligator, but I think I'll leave the other dishes for when I go back to New Orleans!
5	I love NOLA! From the drinks to the food to the ambiance. I went on August 17th and had a very enjoyable experience. Out waitress was very helpful and knowledge about the drinks they had including the different beers (I love trying new and different beers so this was very nice to have someone who knows). My friends ordered the oysters and the crab special. While they seemed like small plates for the price, they appeared as if they were well enjoyed. We were given one of the pizzas courtesy of the chef and I must say that it was one of the best crusts I have had since moving to Pittsburgh. I would order the crawfish and andouille sausage any time. For dinner, everyone at the table got the Steak et Frites. AMAZING! You can tell alot of care went into the food as the fries are well seasoned, the salad is perfectly dressed and the steak was tender and delicious. The crowd tended to be older but it was still a very nice atmosphere and I had a great experience.
3	Stopped by for lunch and ordered the gumbo and the Chef's special, blackened red snapper sandwich. The gumbo had a nice flavor and color to it but I prefer a little thicker soup then this was.  It was also very short on meat and veggies.  Mostly broth and slightly undercooked rice. The sandwich was pretty good, slightly on the salty side but nicely cooked and nicely presented. Overall, nice menu, average food, good service and pretty cool atmosphere.  I'd try the place again.
4	We've dined here a few times now. I've only been disappointed once as they ran out of oysters. I'm looking forward to lunch as they have a few New Orleans classics which are not on the dinner menu (that is a mistake in my opinion).
3	New Orleans atmosphere with food to match considering it is so far removed from the real deal. BBQ shrimp, shrimp and grits, and gumbo were excellent. Red beans not cooked down enough in the red beans and rice dish.Scotch and wine choices adequate. I will plan to return when my travels take me back to Pittsburgh.
4	Service was good, food was good, this place truly deserves to call itself NOLA.  The gumbo was very good (and I have pretty high standards), while my shrimp & grits was good but a bit too "soupy" and my colleague seemed very happy with his blackened redfish and red beans & rice.  Bread pudding for desert was also very good, in general the food at NOLA is more expensive than I would expect at home in New Orleans but I know certain items such as shrimp cost a lot more in Pittsburgh so I certainly understand.  Overall NOLA On The Square is the real deal, it's a nice option for those in Pittsburgh to experience real New Orleans food or for people like me to get some home style grub while on the road..
2	The shuttle guy from the hotel recommended this place. I realize I am from Texas, so getting good, authentic Cajun food isn't hard. With that said, this place is awful in terms of food. I ordered the crawfish andouille flatbread, and it was terrible. Firstly, it wasn't a flatbread; it was a pizza. Secondly, there was brown oil dripped from the andouille, which made the pizza soggy. Thirdly, because the pizza was soggy, it was hard to eat. I was picking at it so badly that the waiter and the owner talked me into getting another dish.I decided on the Scallop Mac Daddy. It was better, but not by much. I've decided seafood and macaroni & cheese probably aren't the best combination. The scallops were big (see picture), which was good, but they gave the mac & cheese a weird flavor. I realize the two dishes I picked aren't true NOLA style, but there's no crawfish etouffee on the menu (blasphemy in my book)! In fact, most of the dishes aren't really indicative of NOLA, in my opinion.The long island was terrible. The bartender used spiced rum instead of normal rum, and this always makes a long island un-drinkable. I had already sent back a dish, so I didn't want to complain about the drink too, but I only took two sips. I left a full drink behind.The only good thing from the meal was the caesar salad. I don't like anchovies on pizza, but I do like anchovies in a caesar salad. The salad had fresh ingredients, was crispy, and light. But after spending $45, including tip, the meal was not worth it. I will not come here again.
4	So I was at NOLA this past Saturday and actually ordered some food. Of course I mean I started off with my milk punch. That drink is so yummy.I did a half-and-half soup and sandwich. I chose the gumbo and the pulled pork. The gumbo was pretty tasty, especially when I accidentally dumped a buttload of habanero sauce on it. I thought it was going to be way too spicy to ingest after that snafu, but I think that made it taste better. The sausage in it was absolutely delicious.The pulled pork sandwich (with onion rings on it, oddly enough) is the best I've had in Pittsburgh thus far. Which is not really a compliment to NOLA as it still wasn't that good and I wouldn't order it again. The meal also came with voodoo fries. Yum-my. I would order a side of those at any time, they are so good! I don't know what spices they put on them, but they're great.We ended lunch by sharing some sorbet, mixed berry and peanut butter. The peanut butter one was great, but I am a big lover of all things peanut butter-flavored. It also came with some fried and sugar powder bread that I cannot recall the name of (and can't find on the website!). It was all delicious.I also upgrade the rating one star because our waiter was kickass. I wish I could remember his name. He was friendly, humorous, came back and checked on us often enough.
4	Our second visit to NOLA was a long time after our first.  We last came here when NOLA first opened.   What impressed us most the first time, the quality of the service and the food, impressed us once again.  I had jambalaya (again) and my wife had the blackened redfish.  We both loved our meals, even though we took home a lot of them.  Anton, our server was very attentive and evened offered to hold our left-overs until after the show we were attending.  We asked to be seated in the back, away from the bar and were taken to an attractively decorated room off to the side and well away from the noise of the bar.  From my seat, I even had a bit of a view into the workings of the kitchen.  We remarked that the noise level was actually lower than what we usually experience in other restaurants.   We had recommended NOLA to several friends, and the feedback we got from them wasn't positive.  Some complained about the service and  everyone complained about the noise level.  Our seating in the back would explain the difference in the noise level, but regarding the difference of opinion as to the service,  that I can't explain. All I know is that on both visits, service was superb.   We'll try not to wait so long for our next visit!
4	Hidden Gem Downtown!Where has NOLA been all my life.   The trifecta was complete.   Great Drinks, Food, and Ambience.The waitstaff made this place for me.   I had some friends in from different parts of the country and decided to be the cruise director for destination Pittsburgh.   I really did not know what to expect except a place where I assumed I could get some cajun food.We provided a table near the bar because the place was reserved for the night (poor planning on my part but I willl take luck anytime!).   We were quickly introduced to the drink of the day (Hennessy was doing a Promo) - a Hennessy Mojito.    It was very good and went down easy.We ordered our food.  I had the shrimp and grits - it was awesome.All phases clicked and when the band showed up - it just took it over the top.Summary:Price:   $15-30 for quality foodAtmosphere:   Trendy, fun, friendly.   There is some outside seating for the nicer evenings.  The waitstaff was great.Quality:  Very good - what more can you expect.I hope my fellow yelpers enjoy it as much as my friends and I did.   I will be back.
4	Oh my gosh Nola - now when this place opened everyone talked about it and loved it and raved and I never went. Finally this weekend I got the chance to experience and I thought it was great. The wine selection (which was what I wanted) was great and to be honest I just wanted some pasta so when they turned out to have pasta I was a happy camper. I very much recommend the dish I had, the Pasta Pontchartrain. There was a little kick to the sauce and the meat and crawfish in the dish were perfect.  Everyone in my party had a great meal - I'm pretty sure the grit cakes were called the best meal my dining partner had ever had. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable and the environment was fun -I'm going to go ahead and highly recommending trying this place.
4	I've only been in once for lunch but if the rest of the menu is comprable to the blackened shrimp I had, then I can certainly stand by NOLA. Best blackened shrimp of my life. Excellent little salad. Portion wise it was just right for lunch (maybe a bit on the small size but that's how I like to eat). Waiter was attentive and quick with suggestions. Overall a very successful meal. Would definitely try this place again.
5	Great Cajun food and good service. The waiter was able to answer all our questions and provided awesome recommendations. I had the Blackened Red Fish (Red Beans & Rice with Blackened White Fish and Coleslaw) and my friend had the Jambalaya. Both dishes I recommend trying. They were awesome. We had the fried alligator for a appetizer. A little tough and chewy. I guess it was good, never had alligator before--Just had to try it.
2	Imminently forgettable.  Bland, boring, and tasteless.  I tried the fried alligator appetizer and the jambalaya for the main course.  The best part of the jambalaya is the andouille sausage, and that's not saying much.  The shrimp were as tasteless as the chicken and the rice was worse than tasteless.  And it's not spicy.  A jambalaya that isn't spicy?  That makes as much sense as calling white chocolate chocolate.They get an extra star for putting in the effort to have frogs legs and alligator on the menu, though the alligator was so drowned in aioli that all you can tell is you're eating fried...something...in aioli.  I got the distinct impression they only have these things on the menu to seem edgy, which is a huge disappointment.All this with New York prices make for a fairly lame experience.  Granted, this is right in tourist central, but for some reason I was hoping to get more than the usual tourist razzle dazzle and sky-high prices.  I was very wrong.
4	Been here a few times. Good representation of New Orleans food, but wish the menu was a bit broader.
4	GOOD FOOD AND DRINKS WITH FRIENDSI came here on a week night, even on the week night it was a little loud.  This wasn't an issue for my friends and I.  We had several drinks (good Hurricanes) and some small bites of food.  The French Onion soup was very good, a little too salty but very flavorful overall.  The baked oysters were very good overall.  Our waiter (Shane) was very good and helped us learn more about Pittsburgh and the surrounding area.It's not the best place for an intimate dinner, however a great place for drinks and food with a group of friends.
5	Place is awesome!  Chicken Andouille Po Boy is off the hook!
5	I've been here twice within 1 week and it has instantly become one of my top 5 favorite restaurants to visit. I'll break down my joy below..Food: Great! I've been to New Orleans, so I wasn't shocked by some of the offerings since they do seem to try to keep to traditional NOLA foods. The only thing (which they do mention) is that the spiciness is adapated for the Northern palate, so it's not as cajun as you might expect. The best? The red velvet bread pudding changed my world --- seriously, just try it out.Atmosphere: I love the look, feel, and vibe of this place. It's inviting, jovial, and a lot bigger than you'd expect. I was shocked by how large the inside was. They also play live music in the bar most nights. The only issue was that the one band was incredibly loud and my second visit was near the front of the joint. They allowed the band to continue playing loud and we could barely hear eachother. We even told them about it, and the waiters seemed to agree, but nothing was done. While I appreciated the music, it's still a restaurant and not a club.Service: Great! Both times it seemed that the waiters enjoyed working there and were nothing but nice. Price: They are a little expensive. You can get by with a cheaper tab if you stick to their flat breads (starting at $9) and desserts, but you'll definitely end up paying at minimum $15 (most above 20) a plate when you're considering entrees.
5	Came on a friend's recommendation- definitely a good one.  Came for lunch on a weekday so it wasn't busy and our server was very friendly/knowledgeable.  I ordered the Shrimp and Grits and had to order a side of the Voo Doo french fries once I saw an order pass by me.  This was my first time getting shrimp and grits and I was very satisfied- the grits were nice and creamy, and the shrimp were huge and plump (although I will say that there weren't TOO many of them, just enough to have a bit with each scoop of grits).  The fries were also great, I think they're slightly breaded and then have some cajun seasoning on them- definitely order a side of them if you don't get some with your order.  The price was about right, a little high if anything.  Overall, I would definitely recommend this place.
4	2nd Visit - Drinks and Appetizers.I highly recommend the Pork Belly / Corn Bread appetizer.    It was extremely satisfying with my adult beverage.
5	This is the best cajun food I've had since visiting actual NOLA.  I've been wanting to try this place since moving to the Burgh and my only regret was not trying it sooner.From the front (and even in the bar area), it appears fairly small, but once you enter, there is a large dining room way in the back.We visited on a Friday night without a reservation, so we waited about 15 minutes before a table in the bar was available.  Despite being very crowded, service was fantastic and friendly.  The downside was that it was VERY loud.  Especially once the band started.We had the gumbo and rice and beans as our appetizers.  Both were fantastic and had a little bit of a kick.  The grit cake and the shrimp and grits were both amazing.My one complaint is that the prices are quite high.  The food is high quality and the environment great, but $25 for shrimp and grits did seem a bit extreme.I will be back!
4	If you can only eat one dish and have one drink from their menu... get the fried alligator and the hurricane...NOTHING on this menu matches up to them! I have tried several other dishes on the menu including the flatbreads, seafood jambalaya, shrimp and grits etc...these are all good... but these guys sure know how to make some mean Fried Gators!! This dish is sooo delicious that if you go in for a late dinner (ie after 8:30 pm) its ALWAYS sold out!...i have only gotten to eat it twice of the 8 times I have tried ordering it...Sigh!The restaurant is conveniently located at market square in downtown and is bubbling with life....especially during the weekends ...it is hard to find a seat even at the bar. They usually have live music on the weekends which adds to the ambiance...This restaurant is like a piece of New Orleans in the heart of Pittsburgh...Worth a try!!
2	Met friends on a Saturday evening after seeing a show at the Benedum.Interior was nice, exposed brick walls, deep red walls, pictures of NOLA, fleur de lis, Seated right away.Fried Green Tomatoes. Looking at the menu description now, I realize I should have figured out these would be deep fried because the description says 'abita batter' but at the time, I was very disappointed because in my experience, fried green tomatoes are not dipped in batter and deep fried. They are coated in bread crumbs/cornmeal/flour and fried in some oil/bacon fat/butter in a skillet. I've always had breaded fried tomatoes, not battered &amp; deep fried. I thought this dish was just OK, kind of disappointing. I am still so very much in love with fried green tomatoes after our honeymoon in the south and I get very excited when I see them on a menu, but these were a letdown for me. Plus, they were incredibly filling. I didn't have much room for my meal.Crispy Fried Alligator: I didn't try any. Two in our group had the alligator bites and enjoyed them, but they both noted that pretty much anything would taste good coasted in the slightly spicy breading and deep fried the served with the spicy aioli. Crab Bisque: I expected a light pink kind of color, not this dark red-brown color. G liked it, said it was spicier (more heat) than he expected, it was good, but that overall, he prefers the creamier, lighter colored versions. Seafood Jambalaya: G liked it but didn't love it. The scallops were cooked nicely, but the chicken was dry and tough. Shrimp & Grits: I didn't really like this version. There were only seven shrimp and they were not especially large shrimp.There were a lot of bacon bits. The grits were nice and creamy. But I could swear our server mentioned that the barbecue like sauce was more sweet than hot and while I am a spice wimp, I found there to be just too much heat for my liking. I drank all my iced tea and some water, which rarely if ever happens, and when it does, it's because something is too hot for me or too salty. Beignets: They are very liberally coated in powdered sugar. That means I ended up covered in powdered sugar, even after shaking a bunch of it off. They also were served with three scoops of ice cream (coffee, cherry, and carrot). I don't know if I was just too full or if I found the beignets a bit bland or a bit heavy, but I ended up enjoying the ice cream much more than the beignets. Except for that carrot ice cream - interesting idea and I could taste a bit of cinnamon, I think, in the tiny taste I tried, but overall not a flavor I would suggest. The coffee ice cream was my favorite and everyone else thought the cherry was the best. Of the four of us, three of us had never before dined at NOLA. I had the impression from a previous restaurant conversation that the person who had dined there before thought it was just OK but was willing to return so the rest of us could try it. After dining there, I can see why that person thought it was just OK.While we were seated right away, a few minutes before our 5:45 pm reservation, it took a while for our server to make an appearance and we did not get out of there until 8 pm. R&S had to ask for their check when dessert was served to make sure they had enough time to get to the show at 8 pm. They rushed through dessert and left while we lingered a bit over dessert. Maybe it was poor planning on our part, but we were surprised at the pace of the service. Our server was fine. He offered lots of suggestions/opinions on several menu options. I thought that was nice, although it seemed to take quite a while, and others felt it was too much and unnecessary.Nothing was glaringly awful, well maybe the slow service which was kind of annoying, the food was all just sort of fine or kind of disappointing, but for what we spent ($100+ after tax & tip, no alcohol) it was very disappointing. We can easily name other places where we like the food more and will spend less, and so for that reason, I have to say I doubt we will ever return, but it's possible after we exhaust the other post-show dining options and see where everything rates, but with only two shows left and us not sure if we will renew for the next season...
5	Me and my date stopped in last night and loved this place! The bartender was very professional and extremely friendly, he knew the menu and the drinks very well. The atmosphere and music was great. We had the BBQ shrimp, it was fabulous! I would definitely go back!
5	Read some of the reviews and just had to go it was worth the walk great food and drinks.... :)
3	I think their beer list is better than the food.  The food is good, don't get me wrong, but it's nothing to write home about.  I like the atmosphere of this place, and the service has always been good.  I enjoy the flatbreads.  I think the entree's a little over priced, so I usually opt for splitting a flatbread with my boyfriend.  We've tried them all, and can't pick a favorite.  They're all good!  I definitely recommend this place if you find yourself in Market Square.
3	First of all, I'm from New Orleans so I have high standards when it comes to N'Awlins food.  Overall this place was pretty good when it comes to places outside of New Orleans.  The gumbo and crab etouffee were made from a nice roux and were properly flavored which I was impressed by.  I would've liked a bit more meat in it and some French bread on the side though (that is the only proper way to eat gumbo!).  When I asked for some bread I was informed there were 2 choices which were a "complimentary baguette" or cornbread for a charge.  I was wondering why we weren't offered this complimentary bread in the first place and by the time we got it we were almost finished our gumbos.  And the bread was cold and not actually French bread.  I long for that flaky airy bread that is crispy on the outside and soft on the inside that is so ubiquitous in New Orleans. We also had the fried gator appetizer which was tasty though could have used a bit more of a kick to it to spice it up a bit more.   I tasted a friend's jambalaya and another friend's cheesy scallop pasta and both were really good (though the scallop dish was not a typical New Orleans dish).  I had asked about the oyster appetizers which were market price but they were very expensive ($28 for a dozen or $12 for 4, no half dozen options allowed).  I asked the waitress if they were from the gulf, and she disdainfully replied that actually Gulf oysters are small and tasteless so they get theirs from Rhode Island.  Umm seriously? You are trying to celebrate the food of N'Awlins and you just dissed our oysters?  Gulf oysters are delicious and often quite large.  I grew up on them so I was offended by her comments.  And the oysters they served that my friend got were actually super tiny -- tinier than anything I ever get in New Orleans.  And they were not served with the proper accoutrements (Tabasco, horseradish, etc.).  It would have been nice if the PoBoys or Muffaletta sandwhiches could be ordered for dinner but they are only on the lunch menu.We also had the bread pudding which was very good, and the red velvet ice cream was an unusual touch.  There was a small jazz band playing in the bar area which was a nice touch, especially for a weeknight.I'd go back and I think they did a decent job for being so far from New Orleans.  But I think there are some basic things they could work on that would make this place even better and more authentic.
1	I eat there over a year ago and it was very disappointing and since have had 2 friends eat there and felt the same. I guess my evening was not a fluke.
5	Excellent. Authentic New Orleans food as good as I've had outside of New Orleans. The place looks, feels and tastes like New Orleans. Definitely worth a visit when in Pittsburgh. Also a great location right on Market Square.Beignets almost as good as Cafe Du Monde. Po'Boys were on perfectly baked French Bread. The oysters and shrimp were perfectly seasoned and fried.Outdoor seating seating available. A taste of New Orleans in Pittsburgh of all places.
4	Excellent food and presentation. They're going for that New Orleans flair. I personally have not been yet, but i could only imagine from the ambiance that NOLA provides.  I went on a Wednesday and there was a live jazz band playing. Had the filet mignon and it was cooked to perfection. It came with cream spinach and potatoes.  The spinach left a bit to be desired, but the meal itself was still delicious.  For an appetizer, I had the BBQ shrimp. 6 pieces of the juiciest most succulent shrimp ever. The place was a bit pricey, but I'd say it's worth it.
5	Christa is the man! She was my bartender for the evening, she also works at Perle right next door.  http://www.yelp.com/user_details_review_search?userid=V7uS5US4oTf-S9u36HJQCQ&q=perleAny who I had the frog legs and also gumbo.  I love me some gumbo and I like that Nolas is keeping with Creole tradition and has okra in their gumbo. The flavors of the gumbo were on point , smokey, and spicy with sausage, veggies and as I mentioned okra and rice.On to the frog legs. I would have preferred my frog legs battered and deep fried...but none the less they were still really tasty. Nola's is open on Sundays too, which is a bonus for me since I work Downtown on Sundays, and it's just a short 10 minute walk from Grant street. I now have a swanky place to enjoy a cocktail or two after work.The entire front of the restaurant opens up to the square which is lovely in warm weather and brings in a lot of sunshine and it's great to see the owners working the floor and checking on you that for me is some quality service.
4	We came here for dinner on a Monday night while at a week-long conference downtown. The service was very good, and our server was very friendly and knowledgeable. Great music too, and the drinks were very good as well. Unfortunately, the food didn't blow us away. It was above average, just not great. Personally, I would have liked to see the catfish cooked a little more (you can't be too careful when it comes to undercooked seafood), but it was flavorful. Overall, I'd rate the total experience at 3.5 to 3.75 stars if Yelp would let me, and would give NOLA another shot if in the area.
3	We sat outside, service was slow, another table walked out not waited on..we had some well made cocktails and the potatoes were awesome, I thought the menu selection was puny . I really wanted some fried zucchini or other non meat appetizer. The menu selections just didn't appeal to us...We were treated well and management made things right . The pesto flatbread is really tasty. The hurricane and another rum cocktail were nicely made and not phony like TGIF drinks which are super artificialI would update this to 4 stars if they had more food choices to my liking.It was packed and people seemed to have a good time.The fried green tomatoes were interesting but we didn't eat them. We expected thinner sliced ones, not a whole chunk..Overall food is prepared well but the selection was slim in our opinion......we will return though
3	For those who work downtown, NOLA seems to continue to be a well-liked lunch spot...  personally, I never initiate that decision.While the food is alright, I definitely never feel its worth its cost  [for ~$12 you can get a lunch combo (choose 2-2 of soup, salad, sandwich, fries, etc.)].  In addition, the consistency is definitely not there and every time my food comes out, it looks and tastes like it's sat under a head lamp for at least 10-15 minutes.The one consistent item I landed on was the Chicken Po-Boy, but alas, on my last journey here they updated their menu and did away with it!Haven't had a chance to come in the evening for live music, etc., but it seems like it may have some potential for a decent date spot.
4	Was in PBurgh for a conference this week and stopped by this place for lunch in the Market District. I had the turkey Cuban and some red beans. I will have to say I was pleasantly surprised. Very tasty, fresh ingredients with a little kick. So much food. Seriously, go for the half sandwich. It was a ridiculous amount to eat.Service was great and fast- easily doable in an hour. Price was reasonable. A little jealous we don't have NOLA in Columbus.
5	Great Waldorf salad awesome blue cheese dressing. Shrimp and scallop Mac and cheese was incredible. Wife had shrimp and grits creamy grits tons of flavor
2	I let sister Stenquist pick this one out. I gave up perusing Yelp from my Hotel bed and we just stumbled into market square hoping something would be open before 11am on a Saturday. Oddly not a lot opens before 11am in Pittsburgh. And alcohol before 11 and after 9pm seems to be frowned upon. And makes me frown.But as we sipped our mutual coffees, she decided on this place since it didn't exist when she used to live out here. We were seated super fast and the service was super. Fantastic waitress and not an ounce of complaint. I was just really bummed with how bland and flavorless everything tasted. We split an order of fried green tomatoes. Which, are huge and have a ton of additional decoration on top that doesn't seem necessary. Sprinkled cheese with greens is weird. Not to mention the batter just didn't seem right. I just like simple, normal sized battered green tomatoes. Frown. But that wasn't where I was even terribly disappointed. The sandwich and soup or salad combos both failed. At least, my sister's sandwich was better. She got a creole pulled pork and I stuck with a creole cordon bleu. It was charred chicken with bacon and swiss cheese. So freaking dry I could scrub the dishes with the chicken. There wasn't any sauce on the pieces of bread either that seemed to have come fresh out of a cooler. Her rice and beans tasted obviously canned. Both of our sides of fries tasted like mesquite wood chips. I ate about 2 or 3 of them and gave up. The best thing I had in all pure honesty was the side salad. Because I would find it incredibly hard to eff up a wedge of iceberg lettuce. I hate to give this a bad review because people seem to enjoy it. But I really like to eat and I ate about only half my food.
3	Everything about this restaurant was average.  I went here with my mom who came to visit me on a whim.  We ate outside, which was nice.  Our waitress was very prompt.  They really try to give you a New Orleans feel here.  And I give them props for trying to do that in downtown Pittsburgh of all places.  But....the food was ok. There wasn't a whole lot of unique to it.  I mean, one of the specials was a New Orleans styled salad.  Salad.  As a Special.  It's just lettuce and some "stuff" in it right?  That's the special?  Adding cajun fries was nice, but it's not what's bringing me back.  The French Onion soup was good, but salty.  The burger I had was very greasy.  The service, outside of the initial promptness was slooooooooow.  I think the waitress forgot to put in our order.  We waited a long time from order to delivery.  The people behind us didn't even get waters for the longest time, and they weren't that busy.  The watress apologized, but still got my mom's salad wrong, as she asked for no onions, but gave them anyways.  Either way, nothing here from preventing me from going back, but I'll probably check out the other restaurants in  Market Square first before going back.
3	Po boy was very disappointing, not filling
2	First, this should be 3 or 4 dollar signs.Great food, but not for the money.  There should be more seafood in the seafood dishes.  We went with a group of seven.  The waiter kept giving us things that we didn't order - 2 dishes and a drink.  He left the things at the table and said I won't charge you for this, at which point we shared them or asked to have them packed up.  At the end, all of these mistakes showed up on the bill, inflating it by around $30.  He refunded one of the three items.  If they want to charge prices like they do, the service and customer satisfaction should be better.  There were also a lot of other little mistakes.A better server could have made this 4 stars.  Also, if I didn't dissuade you from going, try the Bagnettes (awesome powdered doughnuts.)  A very nice desert to share with 2 or 4.
4	One of the best places when it comes to live jazz! They have live jazz 3 times a week and it's ALWAYS good! Their wine menu is also great, the decor is lovely, and the service as well! I gave it 4 stars only because the food is not that great! It's good but I wouldn't go there specifically for the food!
4	Anytime here must get Gator..a little spicy but very good.  Good drinks and sometimes a band.
2	Talk about world problems. It's tough to write a negative review for a restaurant experience during which you actually enjoyed your meal. HOWEVER, after three times trying NOLA it's time for an official 2-star review.  In my past experience here, the service has been very slow.  Fine, really - as long as you have the time to spare.  Yesterday's visit was no exception.  Our party of 6 arrived to a mostly-empty restaurant between 12:30 and 12:45 for NOLA's brunch.  Three members of our group ordered the special of the day: Banana Bread French Toast.  Sounds amazing, right?!  Well, it was, but I'll get to that.  The food took a while to get to our table and when it did, it was mostly...wrong.  The three who had ordered the special were served the regular French toast instead; which was a big departure from the advertised special.  The server was very apologetic and explained that due to a glitch in the system, the regular French toast was ordered instead of the special, but that the situation would be remedied.  And each of them did finally receive the amazing banana bread French toast eventually; but not after eating pretty much all of the original French toast since the replacement order was slow to arrive.In the meantime, another friend leaned in and, very innocently asked, "Is Eggs Benedict supposed to be cold?"  Alas friend, it is not supposed to be cold.  She sheepishly mentioned this to our server, who really was quite upset at the entire spectacle on our behalf, and he took it to the kitchen immediately.  What returned a few minutes later was Eggs Benedict.  Her previous order of Eggs Benedict, to be exact.  The same bit was taken out of the one muffin and the previously beautifully poached eggs, were now a yellow mess of luke-warm goo on top of each muffin.  The good news is, the company was stellar and we mostly laughed through the entire visit.  We also felt bad for our server and knew full-well that most of this was likely not his fault.  He mentioned that he would be speaking to the manager since the situation was "unacceptable."  The manager did stop by our table to ask how everything was going.  We mentioned that there were a few "glitches" and left it at that.  He asked if the only issues of the day were with the French toast.  We explained that another dish arrived cold and appeared to have just been reheated in the microwave, to wish he replied "we don't own a microwave." Meooow.  No one pursued the issue and all of us were given 50% off our respective bills - even those two of us (myself included) who were served their food without issue (Shrimp Clemenceu and another who ordered Fried Chicken & Waffles).Soooo, NOLA. What do to? The food is pretty good. The service is pretty slow. And, up until the aforementioned manager paid us an odd visit, I might've given it another go.  But that was just...well...weird.
4	I stopped by here this past Friday evening with my fiance for dinner.  We had made reservations on open table and arrived a few minutes before our time.  The bar and outside seating was absolutely packed and I thought that this was going to be a problem but we were taken into the dining room which was fairly empty at this point (5:30) and thankfully quiet.  The decor of NOLA is pretty cool as it incorporates many pictures and items that make you think of New Orleans like a picture of Cafe Du Monde, Mardi Gras related art and a picture of a jazz band walking down the street,My fiance and I decided to start off our evening with the fried green tomatoes.  Whenever they came out I was surprised at the size of the tomatoes as they were not even close to be being thinly sliced like I had imagined.  They were breaded in abita batter and sat on top of a base of creole ranch mustard while being smothered on top with cheddar cheese.  The fried green tomatoes ended up tasting good and I thought the thickness of the tomatoes actually gave a good tomato/batter ratio and brought in enough acidity from the tomato that it paired nicely with the savory cheese.  For my entree I decided to go with the Bourbon Street Pasta.  It was a gemelli pasta that had 8 or so fried oysters around the outside and then tasso ham, peas and piave cheese mixed with the pasta and was topped by a single cooked egg yolk.  Breaking the egg yolk into the pasta gave the pasta a little extra creaminess which I enjoyed.  Overall it was a good dish with the salty fried oysters being my favorite part of it.The bottom line for me is that I will definitely had back to NOLA again in the future.  I am actually surprised that I hadn't written a review of this before as I have been to NOLA many times and have always been satisfied with the service and food that I received.
5	I recently visited Nola with two friends for dinner and had a wonderful experience!  We really wanted to find somewhere fun that still had  great food and Nola certainly fit the bill.  We had a wonderful waiter who did an excellent job seeing that we had just what we wanted.  We couldn't decide what to order and so we told our waiter we wanted three separate entrees and that we wanted to share.  He suggested that he bring out the appetizer first and then the entrees in succession one after another.  We ordered the Crispy Fried Alligator as an appetizer and it was delicious and perfectly seasoned.  The first entree we received was the Shrimp and Grits and it was really delicious.  Two of the people in my group (myself included) have lived in the southern low country and are shrimp and grits snobs and this definitely lived up to expectations!  The second entree was definitely the favorite of the bunch.  We ordered the catfish and it was absolutely delicious.  Our final entree was the jumbalaya and it was highly recommended by our waiter.  It was heated in the wood stove so there was a charred flavor to the stew that I really enjoyed but two other members of our group found off-putting.  The waiter encouraged us to eat dessert but we were simply too full!  Next time, we will definitely give it a try!  We will definitely visit Nola again!  It was an all around wonderful experience!
3	This is a good place if you don't mind noise (aka a meal with some boisterous friends). I wouldn't recommend it for a cozy date-night, as it would be too loud to hear each other.  I have only tried a few dishes at Nola, as I have a shellfish allergy and shellfish factors heavily into the menu.  The catfish is my favorite, though I am not a fan of the sides.  It comes with a "corn-potato maque-choux" which (excuse the graphic description) basically looks like corn and potatoes someone already ate.  It is a watery, loose mess on the plate.  Good news is that you can substitute other sides for it.  The beignets sat in my stomach like rocks for the rest of the afternoon after I split this dessert with a friend.  The service is hit or miss. I have had great service and I have had absent service.  They have been very accomodating with larger group (8-12).
4	Excellent brunch which includes a starter, a cocktail and a main dish for $25.  A very different menu and it was great.  I had e cajun pastrami and eggs which were served with Lyonaisse potatoes.  Everything was awesome.  Flavors were very different.  Also had the grits - yes grits - and the apple crepes.  My son has the pumpkin waffles and fruit with granola as his starter.  I highly recommend.
2	Super slow.  Came with a table of 8 for brunch and were seated promptly since the restaurant was essentially empty.  Orders were taken and it was a solid 50 minutes before our food arrived.  When we asked about the timing we were given some lame excuse about how there were orders in infront of us, but like I said the restaurant was empty when we got there...Food ranged from awesome (French toast special) to passable (most everything else).  Service was polite engaged and friendly, but somewhere between the front and the kitchen there were big problems.I won't come back.
3	Seafood jambalaya without rice, presentation was better then the food.a bit pricy for what you get. Still good, but nothing special.fries were excelent. great outdoor seating for people watching and relaxing. Great Nola bear selection!
5	As good of a restaurant as I have ever eaten at. The food was amazing, the service was excellent. I ate here two nights in a row and it was amazing both nights. First night, Shrimp and Grits and an amazing waiter named Chris. Tonight, Venison Chili, Seafood Jambalaya and a free beer. I'm eating 2500 miles away from home and feel like I'm having dinner in my dining room. Too cool.
2	$40 for a cup of Gumbo, Jambalaya, a Pepsi, and tip. Very, very spicy, to the point of overwhelming any flavor. Jambalaya was a bit salty and greasy, with dried out chicken, definitely not worth $23. I won't be rushing back any time soon.
3	My first visit to NOLA was mediocre, my second visit, during lunch, was unexpectedly pleasant. My review here covers my second experience.All 3 people in my party had the half sandwich/half salad/voodoo fries combination or a variation thereof.Veggie lovers take note: The salad with watermelon and arugula was delicious! I really liked my smoked turkey Cuban (a little heavy on the meat), and the voodoo fries are good. My companions would recommend NOLA's jambalaya as well.For $12 each, our meals were good and the price point is VERY competitive among the other restaurants serving the downtown lunch crowd. I will be back!
5	I had the BbQ shrimp & House cured pork belly appetizers, both recommended by our waitress. I loved the shrimp, it was so flavorful that I cleaned my plate with the bread. The pork belly was by far one of the best dishes I have ever had. Totally recommend NOLA!
4	Food was absolutely delicious.  Best jumbalaya I've ever had.  Came for lunch at 11:30 and waited about 15 min for our server despite our being one of about three customers at the time.Our waitress didn't tell us the specials as well which is why I withheld a fifth star.  Would definitely eat here again.
4	Wow.Excellent dinner. Excellent wine. Wonderful friends. Perfect meal.
2	I went here for my birthday dinner on Saturday with my parents, who surprised me and flew in from back home. I've never had southern cuisine, so I was in for a treat.Made a reservation and arrived 30 minutes early hoping to get some cocktails at the bar. There were 2 separate seats at the entire bar. We asked the hostess if we could sit at an empty table near the host stand since there was no room, and we couldn't because apparently a band was going to set up there to play. Stood around for 15 minutes before we even got service from the bar. We were sat 5 minutes prior to our reservation time and started off with fried green tomatoes (which were pretty good, but not great). My parents each got soup; one had some soup with beef and loved it, the other had French onion soup, which was pretty delicious (yes, I mooched).As for the entrees, I ordered the shrimp and scallop mac daddy and it was to die for.My parents ordered the quail and jambalaya. The quail was mediocre, and the jambalaya came out cold in the middle. You know what that means. My S.O. ordered the catfish, which was mediocre as well. The potatoes that came with it were terrible and overcooked. Even if the dishes were up to par, this place is really overpriced for what it is. $27 for 3 medium scallops and 3 medium shrimp on a bed of glorified mac and cheese... Never again.Service was good. I don't have much to say about the experience. I don't think i'll be returning to NOLA but it was nice to finally try it out.
4	I was going back through my old reviews - and I HAD to add a star back to NOLA.  Their happy hour is one of our favorites.  Half off flat breads (which are all insanely good) and $1 red beans and rice or jambalaya.  Don't quote me on this, but I think the draft beer is also $1 off.  There's usually a new flatbread depending on the season, so its nice to always have something new to try.  Since I've been more of a regular here, the food has really grown on me.
2	Generic fried food. Yuck! Jambalaya was pre made and cold in the middle. When asked the waitress to fix it, she said "of they probably didn't put it in the oven long enough!!" Do not recommend. Mistake by the owners.
4	I occasionally meet friends for lunch here during the work week. I have turned into a creature of habit with this place, and usually end up with ordering the lunch salad, sandwich, and fries combo with the Nola salad and the southern chicken cordon bleu sandwich. These items are always dependable, and the fries are delicious and crunchy. I love goat cheese on salads, and there are even a few chips on top for added crunch. The sandwich is a very generous portion, even though it is only half of a sandwich.The drinks look yummy, although I have only ordered beer on tap. The beer on tap list is decent, although I would enjoy more regional selections since the food is all about bringing New Orleans to Pittsburgh.I love sitting outside when the weather is nice. It's easy to get a last minute open table reservation for lunch, and that way you accumulate open table points while avoiding waiting for a table. When it's too cold to sit outside, there is ample room in the dining room. There are multiple rooms, and lots of room at the bar as well.
2	I was not very impressed with Nola as the service was extremely slow and I felt the food was average. Lots of fried food to go along with the New Orleans theme but still felt it seemed like traditional American food. Decent prices for lunch though just get there earlier if you are on a time crunch.
5	Went here with my boyfriend when we were on our way home from vacation. Saw that there were great reviews on Yelp & all those reviews were spot on! We got sat at a high top table in the front of the restaurant, and had ordered drinks shortly after. The manager came up to us about 5 minutes later to ask if we wouldn't mind moving to their dining room because the table we were sat at was reserved. We didn't mind, especially when he offered to pay for our first round of drinks!! We ordered the gator bites for an appetizer, which were amazing! Neither of us had had gator before, and it defied our expectations! The breading and seasoning was so delicious. For our meal, we both ordered the gumbo and a Shrimp Po Boy sandwich to share. We got the gumbo first and it was so simple, but had tons of flavor!! There was tons of okra in it, which is one of my favorite vegetables. Then came the Po Boy! Which is huge, btw. The shrimp were easily the size of tennis balls, lightly fried, with a slaw sauce and I'm pretty sure their bread is homemade. To top off that sandwich, were easily the best French fries I had ever had. My boyfriend & I are French fry junkies. We both agreed this was #1 on our top French fry list! If you are in this area, I definitely recommend Nola, if you like New Orleans type food. I wish this restaurant was closer to where I live so I could eat here all the time!!
5	Well I am finally back. I have had a busy few months so I have been absent in my reviews and I am looking forward to getting back into it. NOLA seems to me to be a good place to start.NOLA on Market Square is a great spot to get great Creole, Cajun, and Louisiana inspired cuisine. This type of food is some of my favorite on the planet. Here's an idea: let's take traditional French techniques and dishes, and throw them in a blender with Spanish, African, and American ingredients and methods. That is the basis of Creole cooking and a winning recipe if you ask me. NOLA does it better than anyone I have seen in a long time. I went there with some friends one evening for dinner and drinks. When we got there we were ushered to the back to a table by the kitchen. I was thankful for this for a few reasons. 1) we were out of the front of the restaurant that was being occupied by live music which, while very good Louisiana Jazz, was way too loud for my tastes and 2) we got to see the controlled chaos of a top notch kitchen.NOLA is decorated with the standard Mardis Gras colors of green, yellow, and purple.The bar is long and has all the bottles lining a backlit mirror. I really dig it. It is warm, intimate, and welcoming (so long as the band isn't rocking too hard).Service mirrored the the decor. Our server was nice, informative, and followed all the proper steps of perfect service. She seemed to be busy with a full section, yet we were never forced to wait an unreasonable amount of time for our drinks or food. Overall I found the service friendly, competent and all that I could ask for.As far as the bar is concerned one is in for a treat. NOLA has a decent beer selection with all kinds of Abita products. Hopheads can be content with a Jockomo IPA or a a Purple Haze for the fruit-inclined. Also the cocktail list is rather impressive with all of my selections being delicious, if a little pricey.For me however, the food is always the main event. For an appetizer I suggest the pork belly (a recurring favorite if you read my reviews). You could also try the alligator bites but they taste just like chicken. Kinda bland. For a main course my go-to is the shrimp and grits. The grits are smooth and creamy with soft fluffy shrimp tossed in all topped with scallions and andouille sausage for heat. Those who possess a spice aversion should try the steak frites. I put it up against Ruth's Chris for quality and taste. All in all NOLA is a great place. You will pay good money to go but it is definitely worth it in my book.
4	Good shrimp and grits, po boys, and gumbo. A few unique twists on classic drinks, decent beer selection, and great service.
4	I had the quail and it was great. I thought the atmosphere was nice and since I did set at the bar I had a BB game to watch. The only thing negative that I can see with this pkace is the beer was too expensive. The food is a little pricey but it was good.
3	The food was good, but definitely not five star.We started with the butternut squash flatbread, and something about it was way too sweet. Maybe it was the maple glazed andouille? I didn't care for this dish. The NOLA salad (dinner size, $5) was good, however. My favorite dish was the crawfish tapenade, which is much like a personal-sized pizza. The saltiness from the kalamata olives was nicely balanced by the sour dressing on the abundant arugula.There was a rather-loud band playing out front (A friday in January, about 8pm) and we were able to get a table for six in the back, without reservations, where it was quieter.It's annoying that the menu they hand you does not list the vegetarian options they have available; ask for the vegetarian menu. The excuse we were given was that the type would be too small if they added the vegetarian options to the existing menu. That excuse would not apply to the online menu listed at http://www.nolaonthesquare.com/menu.html , but I don't see the vegetarian menu items listed there, either. Weird.
3	We were here for our friend's birthday.  We were sat at a table in the back room which was very cute.  The food was very good.  As for the service it wasn't very good.  I'm not sure if it was because we were slightly off to the back, but we had to ask for refills multiple times and had to wait pretty long for our condiments.  The server maybe have just had an off day.  The food and drinks were great, but the service was best described as, "meh", haha.  It won't deter me from going back, every server has an off day.
2	I used to really like NOLA, but I have had very poor stomach reactions (of food poisoning-degree) to the food twice now.  I know that others have as well.  My staple used to be the oyster stew but I think that this might have been the two-time culprit.  I think generally the quality of the food has gone down.  Still a decent place for a drink, though.  I also think that the floors are generally really dirty, and this is a huge turnoff.  My suggestion, if you're looking for a good place to eat in Market Square, go to Sienna or Il Pizzaiolo.  In the beginning, NOLA was a novel idea (although not even authentically New Orleans cuisine).  The novelty just wore off.
4	Yay for Team Nola! By that I specifically mean Jackie the event coordintor, Jen the mgr, Joyce and Matt for service. I live in Atlanta and theyhelped me execute my Dad's 75th bday party last weekend even while planning from a remote location! We used the speakeasy upstairs and It wasan event for 30 close friends and family.  The setup was awsome, service was fun and lively, food reviews were very good. Our menu consisted of Crab cakes and Fried green tomatoes, Crab Bisque, Salad, Lemon Catfish, the Filet, and the Pasta. Everyone loved the fish and the filet. The pasta was a little spicey for most to finish but they still said it was good. As far as the service, Joyce and Matt were AMAZING and formed great connections with my hostess crew. They also helped us transform the room to a true harlem rennesance type of look and made our set up and breakdown smooth and easy. We brought, in our own desserts bar and Nola supported with brining out the birthday cake. We had music in room and people could flow downstairs for the live music if they chose. Lukily we were fun enought that no one did. :-) I do wish they had free wii fi to facilitate the music but that was a minor issue since I have a mobile hotspot. Overall I'm very excited at the end results and truely appreciate Jackie, Jen, Joyce, and Matt for helping me give Daddy an awsome memory! Go team Nola!
4	I wish I would have found this place sooner. It was a welcome surprise to find. Being a Louisiana native now living in Pittsburgh, you rarely find any cajun food anywhere and if you do, it's not what it should be. Everything I had was delicious, the chef was more than helpful with preparing an item I had requested and then just went ahead with making the entire meal an amazingly delicious experience that reminded me of home. The bartender did make the oddest version of a Hurricane I had ever had. I don't think that particular person knew what they were doing, but my review is for the food, not the bar. My only other complaint, would be that the waitress didn't seem to know much about the food. She served my husband and I a tasting of etouffee, but never brought the rice to go with it and had not come back to check on us so we just had a few bites of it by itself. It was good, just not served properly. Being in the service industry myself, it really makes me a lil picky about how I get treated when I dine out, and I was turned off that a place this unique to this area, where especially most people here don't know this type of food, should have servers who know what they are serving.
4	The service is great (been here 2 times), the food is tasty, and the atmosphere is appropriate for the theme. I had the jumbalaya, the NOLA salad with scallops added, blue crab etouffee, & bananas foster mousse. Everything was great. My favorite was the etouffee. The jumbalaya was baked in a iron skillet and any sauce that should have been in there when served was baked out. I like it with some sauce running around. Therefore, I picked out the meat and left most of the rice. But the shrimp and especially the scallops were awesome.
3	We hit NOLA a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday night.  We got there pretty early and were part of the show crowd.The place is misleading, size-wise from the outside - it's pretty large inside, with at least three distinct seating areas.  It also seems as though there should be one table removed from the area where we were seated.  While understanding that table turn $$$ is why every restaurant is in business, it was like dining in a NYC subway car at 6pm.Seasonal House Sangria was tasty and different.  Of course it included bourbon and also sported a bruised rosemary sprig instead of fruit - Yum!  It indeed tasted like the perfect winter sangria - we both loved it.  Fried Green Tomatoes are an obsession of mine so I couldn't wait to sample NOLA's version.  While they were good, the tempura was overpowering and left me still wanting fried green tomatoes. Two entrees were enjoyed.  I had the Wood Roasted Quail which was served with the best prepared asparagus ever - nice and firm.  The quail was well done and flavorful with both the rice and cranberry sauce complementing the bird.  The oyster dressing was not great; mushy describes both flavor and texture.  My companion had the Scallop and Shrimp Mac Daddy which was served in a cast iron pan and had great flavor.I would go back only to try out the sandwich side of the menu, as it also looked tempting.  They were very busy, but I feel like if I go in with diner expectation I would be better satisfied with the loud atmosphere, tight quarters and rushed staff.  Muffaletta or Po'boy... sangria can make the jump!Also - made reservation through Yelp - how much easier can things be???  I wish more restaurants used this feature!
4	Stopped in late Friday night for dinner with my girlfriend. We split appetizers of fried alligator and fried green tomatoes. The alligator was good, tender and crisp. Think popcorn chicken...errrr alligator. It was plated with a  remoulade dipping sauce. The fried green tomato were sliced about a half inch thick, battered and fried. They were plated with sprinklings of cheddar cheese, micro greens and a creole mustard ranch sauce drizzled on top. Normally I am anti-ranch, it has a strong flavor that overpowers most things (think cool ranch doritos....bleh). This was not the case here, the dish was great! Would definitely order again.We split an order of seafood jambalaya for our entree. They thoughtfully split our dish between two individual skillets which were lined with rice topped with a spicy red sauce, a scallop, 2 shrimp, grilled chicken, and slices of sausage. I wish the sausage was crispier/rendered out more but the seafood and chicken were all prepared great.My girlfriend had the classic New Orleans drink, the Hurricane and I had a boring plain old Yuengling draft. Would definitely return to try some other menu items.
5	Very delicious. Highly recommend the friend green tomatoes. In fact you can't visit NOLA and not get them. I still crave them on a daily basis. The food is tasty and the portions are filling. The drink prices are normal. Over all a very enjoyable place.
5	I love Noa! I have been here for dinner twice and lunch twice. I love the menu and the cocktails. I am new to the area and this is the first place that I really enjoyed.
3	Went here for the first time this past week and was excited to try something new. I ordered the hanger steak and for the most part everything was very good, especially the salad and fries that come along with it. The steak itself was a little low on seasoning. I ordered the meat as medium and received it as basically raw so that was a little disappointing. Overall, I think this place is decent, but over-priced.
3	Market Square is a very nice spot for a plethora of options to choose from for food. NOLA has a great vibe inside. I had the Jambalaya, and it was very good.
3	Great bar scene and live bands on Friday and Saturday nights.  Food was good, not great (I've had better cajun / creole in Texas and Louisiana) and frites not hot (barely warm).  So, some room for improvement, but I will definitely be coming back
2	I liked the food, but it was nothing too memorable. I do however remember being turned off by the service. I don't think I've ever had a hostess be so rude to me in my life. I'm a pretty relaxed person, and totally understand that the food service industry can be stressful....but when it's a Monday night and not crowded, the hostess rolls her eyes at you, doesn't say hello, and just grabs menus, I'm going to be a little bit upset.
5	Another place that I enjoy but is presently closed but due to reopen soon. My fiance & I love love LOVE their Louisiana Cajun style food. ...SOO OOOO good.  Our favorite is the alligator tail meat appetizer that's fried & seasoned to absolute perfection.They also have an excellent fully stocked bar & they have a nice cocktail list too.Looking forward to when they open again, the live music is also awesome & gives the place a great atmosphere to kick back & enjoy.
3	I hate to seem like a pretentious snob, but I wouldn't say the food is really all that authentic "Cajun" or "Creole". Been to NO many a time, and I know what authentic Cajun food tastes like. The food was okay, but I've had better.Even so, I'd still rate this place fairly high. As I said, authenticity issues aside, the food is okay. The service was definitely over par, so if you're not hung up on the fact that it's not quite what you'd get in the French Quarter, then go there and you'll probably have a good dining experience. The decor and ambiance are definitely high on the cool meter. I'd probably go back.
5	The jambalaya is great, they can make it as spicy as you like. Paired with a Purple Haze....didn't want to leave.
5	I love New Orleans, so when I heard about this place I was super excited to try it out. I was hoping that they would have some et touffee (spelling?) but they don't. Sad face. Anyways, my disappointment quickly disappeared after I tried the shrimp and grits. I would recommend it to a friend and even a best friend. My girlfriend  had the pork dish and it was amazing. Get the beignets for dessert!
3	The outdoor seating is great and part of it is covered so if you want to stay out of direct sun, this is the place.  Great view of the square and the fries are really delicious. I didnt like the smoked tomato bisque, it was vinegary, but my boyfriend loved it.
5	Food was fantastic, staff was friendly and courteous and overall just a great place. Never been here before but glad we took the chance - will definitely be back again! We recommend the shrimp po' boy, voodoo fries, and red beans and rice. All were seasoned and cooked to perfection - best food I've had in Pittsburgh so far! Dessert, anyone? The bourbon ball is absolutely amazing - not too sweet and not too much - perfect way to end the meal! Thank you for everything!!!
4	Stopped in for lunch and had the crawfish flatbread. Service was attentive and prompt without being intrusive. Pricing very reasonable considering the huge portions.
4	Better than last time. First time since remodeling.  Nola salad was decent.  It had mixed greens and roasted nuts. The jambalaya improved from the last time i had it. On the expensive side for $27.  Wish it had more seafood and less rice. Tough to eat here on an expense account. Drinks are around $10. Add tax and tip and you have 40 bucks and i just had water. 50 dollars per day doesnt go far.  Service was ok. Nice to sit outside. Water refills were slow with a spicy dish. Had to ask for bread and then it was nothing special.
5	Wonderful taste of New Orleans cuisine. The hush puppies and the sauce they were served with were very filling. By the time my flatbread ($9) arrived, which was big enough to split as an entree, I had it wrapped to take home. I had to have beniegts wrapped to go fo dessert as well. That was a huge portion, big enough for two to share. They were still warm when we got home. Four, palm-sized, light beniegts coated with powdered sugar, served with sorbet. My husband ordered a cup of gumbo and the featured dinner-blackened kobia (fish) with roasted peaches, chantrel mushrooms, and corn served on endive leaves. (see  picture) Service was excellent, tables were available inside and on the sidewalk out front. Had to wash it down with an Abita brew. Looking forward to our next visit.
4	A friend and I stopped in Nola for Sunday brunch! Great drinks, service and cozy atmosphere. The Mimosa was bubbly the beignets were sugary and sweet! I had the Eggs Benedict a cajun peppery smoked pork topped with eggs poached to perfection!
5	Went for lunch; not speedy service but not slow either; it's a nice place so don't expect rush service. I read reviews about the service but I had no problem here. In any case, I had the gumbo ya-ya and gulf lump crab cake; both were terrific! Hope I get back to Pittsburgh to try some other items...
5	WOW!!!!  I don't hand out 5 stars to just any restaurant, my experience at NOLA was life-changing!   I visit Pittsburgh for work a few times a month and always try a different restaurant during each visit.   I chose NOLA for this visit and I am so glad that I did.   The staff was friendly and seated me right away.   I was seated near the open kitchen, which I liked.   I started with the Sangria, which I guess changes periodically.  During my visit, the Sangria special was Blueberry & Basil, which I was skeptical of but it was really tasty, imagine a traditional Sangria with hints of blueberry and a slight undertone of basil served over ice and topped with frozen grapes....genius!   I then ordered the seafood chowder which was rich and delicious, full of crawfish, potatoes, fresh corn and topped with a generous drizzle of creme fraiche.   Now on to the entree....I was torn between the Shrimp & Grits and the Scallop and Shrimp Mac Daddy.   My server Scott recommended the latter and I am so glad that he did.   The Scallop and Shrimp Mac Daddy equates to a kicked up version of Mac & Cheese.   My entree arrived in a cast iron crock.  The pasta was cooked perfectly and blended with a Mornay Sauce (imagine a mix of alfredo and cheese sauce) and topped with shrimp and 4 huge scallops.  OMG this dish was SO decadent.  I would have preferred more shrimp and fewer scallops.  I did think that it was a bit overpriced at $27, but it was tasty.   Even though I was stuffed, I did order dessert.  I chose the beignets which arrived hot, fluffy and coated in loads of powdered sugar.  There were 4 total and each beignet was the size of my palm.  The beignets were accompanied by a trio of house made sorbets, which included kiwi, strawberry and peach.   Each dessert could clearly stand on it's own.  The portion was definitely large enough for 2-3 people to share.  My server Scott, was attentive and made some great recommendations.  Mark, the manager, stopped by my table to see if I needed anything.  Also since I was seated near the kitchen, I have to commend the kitchen staff, along with the 2 expeditors for prepping and pushing out the orders.   Each plate was artfully prepared, garnished, wiped and double checked for accuracy.   The wait staff worked well together too.   All-in-all this restaurant runs like a well oiled machine.  This was a great experience.  Kudos to Management!!!
4	Clean restaurant, pretty attentive server, and pretty good food. Everything was slightly above average but nothing too exceptional. The flatbread was a little ton heavy for my liking but I really like the fish of the day that we got. Yuuuuuum
4	Absolutely delicious food! Today was my first time at Nola today, and I will definitely go again. I had the Grilled Chicken Panini with the fries. The fries were incredibly good! The panini was yum too. The only problem with this place is that the service is ridiculously slow. It has been a while since I waited 30 minutes after I ordered to have my food served. I don`t know if it is because it was a lunch time during a weekday, or if it is their usual routine. But I would recommend carving time on your calendar longer than the usual if you would like to go this place during the week and sit down to enjoy your lunch. Highly recommend it - will try the drinks next time which I heard are also really good!
4	Came here with a group of twelve and had a great experience. Service was friendly, food came out rather quickly and everything was delicious. I got the Cajun catfish and loved it, it was cooked well and the potatoes were seasoned perfectly. We also got the jumbalya, steak frites, shrimp and grits, flatbread as well as the Mac cheese. Everyone was sharing and loving their meals, and all but some of the rice for the jumbalya (quite a large portion) was gone!  The appetizers were a little on the small side, but they were also delicious! We got the alligator and some shrimp something. Yum!
5	Based solely off of customer service- I live in Orlando, but my dad was having his birthday dinner at Nola's about a month ago. I called and spoke with a friendly girl and asked if I could send a drink to the birthday boys table and she was more than happy to assist me promptly. It was a busy night for them plus and unusual request so, I was pleased that she was so willing to help!
5	The Frog Legs are 2 die 4! And then the Oyster Stew with artichokes! Great ambiance, artwork and cool hanging lamps! An eminent hipster's paradise! Delicious.
5	Nice for lunch and dinner, and fast enough for a work lunch. I got the Heirloom Tomato & Wood Roasted Corn salad with salmon added; delicious! The spiced watermelon and pickled radish in the salad are so good - never had watermelon or radish that way. Service was quick, and we sat at a hightop near the open terrace. They serve yaka mein, which I saw on Anthony Bourdain or Andrew Zimmern (I forget) once, which I am definitely going to try soon.
3	Went to this place a while ago when it first opened.  It's a good attempt at New Orleans dishes, but missed the mark a bit. Frequenting New Orleans on a regular basis, I know what good, southern creole food is about. I ended up sitting next to a guy at the bar who was from New Orleans and he agreed. Did have the beignet dessert and it was a very good attempt. Nothing beats cafe du monde, but this was a pretty decent dessert.
4	Excellent gumbo. Jumbalaya was ok.Good selection of beer.They had live music and so it was really loud. Had no shout to talk. The bad was good but just not time to chat.
4	NOLA was wonderful.  I wish we had gotten there sooner to hear more music as the music ends at 11. Service was attentive and friendly. Great salads and Flatbread.  If I lived in PGH I'd visit this place again for sure. The BBQ shrimp was just as good as you get in New Orleans.
4	What a cool place. The live music brought my friend and I in on a Friday night. We sat at the bar and our bartender immediately greeted us and was very inviting and friendly. My friend had a couple glasses of wine and I was in the mood for beer, so I tried hop gator by Abita Ales. Being the beer nerd that I am, I noticed that a lot of their featured "seasonals" were not very seasonal at all- at least three of them had release dates in early spring . BUT hop gator was quite good. Smooth and it was served in a fancy little beer glass. We weren't planning on eating but one of the bartenders gave us a menu and I couldn't help but look. I saw fried green tomatoes and had to order them. I also ordered the New Orleans style BBQ shrimp because I was curious how their seafood was- being a New Orleans themed restaurant and all. Yum. The shrimp was amazing! Perfectly cooked and seasoned! The sauce was amazing! The fried green tomatoes were good as well but not the best that I had. Wouldn't order them again. The shrimp alone is why I will come back and try some more New Orleans goodies!
3	Made an impromptu visit to this restaurant, glad I did. The coffee was nice and hot, fresh. We sat on the patio while eating our brunch. I had a simple meal with breakfast potatoes and eggs (don't remember the name of the dish), I asked for mild seasoning and they did it just right. My boyfriend had a voodoo Mary and he says it was fair. Overall good experience, would want to experience dinner here.
2	So glad I didn't spend $27 on shrimp and grits. Funny exchange on that. When I mentioned the high price, it was explained as being a function of the grits from NC. Yeah- me too, from NC and grits are poor people food!  The shrimp and sausage should be the money in the dish. So, I went salad and flatbread. Got out more cheaply but this place confirms my Market Square theory: you eat there to sit there -in the square- and not to actually eat a high quality meal.
4	Good quality food, not necessarily authentic New Orleans food, but very tasty. Slow service. Nice ambience. Very clean. Would go back!
3	I went for the first time for an early dinner around 4:30 PM on Sunday prior to going to see a show at Heinz Hall.  We opted to sit inside instead of outside to avoid the cigarette smoke coming from people smoking outside the restaurant but nearby to the outdoor seating.  My cousin has been here many times and loves it and we've traveled to New Orleans together around 20 times over the last 15 years so I was excited that she recommended it so highly.  The restaurant has a fairly extensive cocktail, beer, and wine list and my cousin ordered a beer but I ordered a glass of wine and felt that the pour was very small for the price.  For our appetizers and main courses, she ordered the gumbo and the BBQ shrimp (from the appetizer menu) and I ordered the Cajun chowder and was torn between the shrimp and grits and the scallops and shrimp mac daddy, but upon our servers recommendation and because I'm a sucker for shrimp and grits, I went with the shrimp and grits (which at least another reviewer mentioned that it is really overpriced at $27 - believe me, the quality of the grits and the amount of shrimp that you get for the $27 is far from worth the money).  My cousin tried my chowder and I tasted her gumbo and I found the flavors of both the be tasty though I felt that the gumbo was a little under-seasoned while the chowder was flavorful but overly salty.  Our main courses arrived and again we shared a taste of each other's dishes.  The BBQ shrimp was very flavorful but again overly salty and the shrimp and grits were a mixed bag in my opinion.  The sauce on top of the grits with the shrimp was the same as the sauce on the BBQ shrimp plus it had the addition of very salty bacon yet the grits on their own were rather bland and even mixing them together to mingle the flavors did not cut down on the excessive saltiness in the dish.  I am someone who actually prefers my food on the saltier side so the mere fact that I am actually complaining about how salty everything was means that it was quite over salted.  I could feel my ankles swelling as the meal came to a close.  We also shared the beignets for dessert.  The trio of sorbet that came with the beignets was delicious and refreshing and but the beignets were a little flat and dense compared to the beignets that I've had in New Orleans but tasty.  Overall I would go back but I would probably keep to the lower priced items because I feel that much of their menu is overpriced for what you get.
4	Clean restaurant, pretty attentive server, and pretty good food. Everything was slightly above average but nothing too exceptional. The flatbread was a little ton heavy for my liking but I really like the fish of the day that we got. Yuuuuuum
3	Great vibe.  Great service. (Maybe a little too chatty).  Great music.   Food was only good not great.  Appreciated the attention to detail but my Jambalaya was only OK.
5	I could eat here every single night.  The atmosphere is nice and the food is yummy. I had to try the Catfish with Zapps chips, who would have thought it would be so good. I even ate my leftovers and I never eat leftovers.
4	Cool restaurant, great location, nice interior seating in addition to patio. Pretty real deal New Orleans food with variety but thankfully not overdone or with too high quality ingredients lol. Surprisingly good all around and engaged and attentive service
4	I wasn't sure I was going to like NOLA initially looking at the menu, but they really surprised me and were fantastic.   I myself had the Jambayla and split a flatbread with some friends and would order either again.     The service was fantastic as well both as we waited at the bar for a table and during the meal as well.
2	Last night my husband and I had a very short baby sitting window to grab a few bites and drinks. After stopping next door at Sienna for a drink and app we decided to head over to NOLA next.I have been there once before a few years ago with a girlfriend and I had the best oyster stew I have ever had. That is why I gave a two star review. Unfortunately this time we didn't get to try anything to eat. We sat ourselves at the bar after alerting the host that we were there for a drink and an app. It seemed fairly busy. Not crazy, but decently busy. We sat and waited for anyone to acknowledge our arrival. Down the bar we saw a barback polishing glasses. A couple employees farther down chatting it up with each other. So we decided to give it a few minutes before making any rational decisions. Another minute or so goes by. The manager walks right by us with glasses without even looking at us or any of the other guests at the bar. At this point we realize that we think there is only one bartender for the whole 20 person bar. My thing is if you only have one bartender and barback maybe help your employees out a little bit? So another couple minutes go by. We decide to give it another 60 seconds. And alas, nothing. So we missed out on our stew and drink we were looking forward to and decided to get up and leave. I don't know if anyone noticed the two people sitting at the bar got up and left. I honestly hope they did. We are both in the restaurant/bar industry and the first thing you do when you are in the weeds is at least aknowledge to new guests that you will be with them shortly. We may have been more forgiving if someone at least said hello to us. Maybe one day we will try to include NOLA into our downtown restaurant hop date-night again. But probably not in the near future.
2	To our embarrassment our stinger was made with green creme de menthe.The pasta was just loaded with oil, loaded!The apps would have been tasty but sauces and sweet coverings ruined them .Service  is good , the band is festive.
5	Great place for lunch! We were visiting over the weekend and stumbled upon this place. We read the previous reviews and were iffy about it but tried it out because they were really the only places that had a full bar and was open during the time (got there around 10:45) they accommodated us very well and our server, Emma, was more then willing to go out of her way and explain the menu for us.
5	Hard to knock this place.... Ok it's not New Orleans ..but the drinks are good, the food great and the music awesome....gumbo is delish, flavor profile on the pork great , and bread pudding yummy.   oh yeah the service was on point....
1	So, just......not great. At all. Was our second try with this place. We ordered apps for the table, didn't get plates to eat them on. Waited a full five minutes for the server to come after a food runner delivered apps, he never showed. Had to get up and go looking for him so we could have some plates.  Server took our silverware after we finished the appetizers, didn't give us new. Had to take them from a neighboring table because he went MIA again. The menu is heavily overpriced, the food is nice but definitely not worth the prices. Disappointing in that regard.  This place could be really fun and cool, it's trying so hard to be upscale and it's just so not. It's a Cajun/creole place, to me them atmosphere should be all about that. Fun, good zydeco music.....something?? Service was poor at best. We won't be back, too many great places downtown to eat that get it. We wanted to like it!
2	Lunch menu, Lame. OK service, not well executed food. BORING. No real creole food. Waited 15 minutes for our reserved table, and it was not even busy.  Would give a second chance for dinner.
3	I think the restaurant was okay. It's in the market square do it's a bit self important . The food is okay, I don't get an authentic NOLA vibe . True southern way crawfish and pull them apart, it's just what we do and how we prefer to eat crawfish. I had a wedge salad and asked for no tomatoes. I got a wedge salad with tomatoes. No biggie, I just picked them out. We then had to ask for silverware, not that the runner cared. We also had to edit for napkins. This is not including the long wait for service or the okay food.Overall, I'd go back just not in a hurry.
4	A special date night started in Market Square and to Nola's. A crowded and hectic entry way soon passed when we were led to a private little booth. We started with the sangria and it was the best I've ever had!  So, my wonderful date and I had a few more of those smooth wonders.Then for the appetizer:  The fried green tomatoes were amazing. Not sure what the sauce is that comes with them but it makes them pop.  A wedge salad was very good then for the main course I ordered the trout and he went for the jumbalia (can't spell it, but you know what I mean). Totally hot and spicy, it was almost too much for me! My boyfriend and I like to share dishes so we switched mid dinner.  The trout was mild and the rice with it was a great contrast to the hot hot hot Jumba- you know- the Brussel sprout side dish that came with the trout was the only disappointing part of the meal. An odd horseradish sauce made them just not good enough to finish. A server with a less than sweet attitude was okay but provided good service. The fun artwork added a nice touch. We definitely recommend this place and will be back again! Thanks Nola.
1	I ordered the Seafood Mac Daddy, which is supposed to have lobster, SHRIMP and toasted bread crumb. Sounds great, until I was jipped and only given 2 shrimp with the tail on! On top of that, I had two chunks of black coal in my food (I HAVE PICTURES TO PROVE THIS SAD STATEMENT)... I am still upset about it.SERVICE: A group of coworkers and I order a few items to go. Upon arriving to the restaurant we were completely ignored by the young lady working the night shift behind the bar, who unfortunately was the only employee in sight. One of my coworkers approached her and asked if we could pay for our meals, she first rolled her eyes, huffed and walked off to complain about us to another patron. Then she held another 10 minute conversation with another guy behind the counter gathering trash, then proceeded to complete our transaction. The name on the receipt is KASSANDDRA S. (December 30, 2014 10:43 pm) i ATTEMPTED TO CONACT THEIR MANAGER AND GOT NO RESPONSE...
