4	Hidden above a busy pub (in itself a great place for pre-meal drinks) the New Bell is a modern restaurant in the Newington area of Edinburgh.The food is splended, with the Guinea Fowl main being a particular hit with me and my fellow diners. The staff are friendly and helpful, but without being over bearing while we were thrying to enjoy our meal. There is also a lunch menu available. The New Bell has an informal atmosphere more akin to a small cafe than a restaurant, giving it a relaxed and friendly vibe over all.At the end of the night I was more than suprised at how much the meal had come to, in contrast to other restaurants of this standard. Despite the slighty expensive prices, it was agreed that the night had been a success, and we would return.
5	The New Bell is a fine-dining restaurant that sits above the Old Bell Inn in Causewayside. From the look and feel of the lively pub beneath, you wouldn't necessarily believe that a wonderful restaurant serving well thought out and exquisite Scottish cuisine lies above. The restaurant is quite homely and almost quaint in its decor, it puts me in mind of an old fashioned country house occupied by the sort of people who wear waxed Barbour jackets  and own a couple of Labradors. It's classy yet understated and this sentiment is mirrored in the food which showcases the best of Scottish produce without being pretentious or fussy. This is perhaps not the place to bring fashionable friends, but it is the perfect venue for a meal with your parents or some rich relatives from out of town.
4	Been to the New Bell once and thoroughly enjoyed it. Great quality food and service, reasonable prices and as an added bonus, within a short walking distance from my home. Would definitely recommend.
4	The restaurant has recently moved their cuisine to Italian rather than the Scottish fare the older reviews refer to. I believe it is less than a week since they changed the menu which is why I've given them 4* rather than 3* (ideally a 3.5 would be right at the moment). There is definite potential in the food and the menu here. I have to say the dishes that I had were very tasty and just required a certain something to lift them  to the next level. The desserts however were really quite excellent!The atmosphere is quirky but lovely and relaxed. I felt like I'd been transported to a village restaurant sat above the local old mans pub.The staff are incredibly friendly and if I find myself in Newington in the future I believe I will go back to sample some more of Ivan's (the Italian head chef) nosh :)
