3	Da Chicago Dogs & Subs, dey make a freakin' mean Chicago style dog ya know?  I had one der fer lunch and it's still tasting good at 5 o'clock.Nice selection of toppings and a pretty good variety of subs.  I dropped in here in leu of visiting a chain nearby.I'm not sure about the name, I guess if you imagine a George Wendt ala SNL voice with it...
5	i LOVE this place!!! felt like i was in Chicago & Great Dogs Too!!!the walls are Nothin but ChicagoLove the celery salt
2	I love the goofy chicago shit on the walls, and the haphazard menus that dont make any sense all over the walls. It is the first place where I actually felt like it could belong in Chicago. The guy that owned it was obviously from a big city back east, just by looking at him and talking. The food though? Not so good al.
3	The short: Reminds me of a lot of fun joints I've wandered into during Chicago vacations--sports memorabilia everywhere, TV tuned permanently to the current big game, bar-style seating arrangements. The staff is polite and laid back. The food (different styles of dogs, hot and cold subs, a few salads, and some gyros) is decent, a fair attempt at authentic, and more than anything, makes for a quick, cheap lunch. The long: I first walked in here around 2007, attracted to the temporary canvas sign flapping in the breeze, advertising Chicago dogs. I walked into the ill-lit whole in the wall, had a dog and chips (I don't remember there being fries back then), ate, and walked out, thinking, "What a bummer. Chicago would disown this supposed offspring if it ever caught wind of its hijinx." Over a year later, it sure has cleaned up nicely, upgrading from "a dive" to "a joint." It's well lit, nicely decorated with Chicago-teams memorabilia (and stenciled t-shirts featuring SNL's Da SuperFans with one of their trademark quotes, "Da Bears"), a big flat-screen at the far end, and plenty of seats--a mix of high and low bar tables. The two guys working the counter were friendly and polite, as well as quick and efficient. My friend and I ordered Da Chicago hot dog (about $2.50), an Italian beef with sweet peppers (about $5.25, and you can get giardiniera instead), and a side of fries (about $1.75) to go. It wasn't exactly Al's Beef on Taylor, but it was a decent stand-in!Da Chicago hot dog had all the required fixings: deli mustard, unnaturally toxic-green relish, onions, pickle spears, a few tomato wedges, a couple of slightly hot sport peppers, and a dash of celery salt, all on top of a Vienna beef nestled into a poppy seed hot dog bun. The bun was MY only beef--it was a little firm and a bit chewy--maybe it was left out too long, which was odd, as I was the first customer of the day, righter it opened. The fries were fine--hot and soft and starchy on the inside, barely crisp on the outside, with just the perfect amount of salt (not too much, in other words). Nothing special, really. The Italian beef, the easiest to criticize, wasn't bad, either, though I wish I'd asked the counter guy if he could dip it (if I were eating in, I would've asked for it sopping). The bread roll was nice and chewy (almost too chewy--a real jaw workout), the meat was tender enough (though not truly memorable, and a little on the sparse side without inspiring a "where's the beef?" quip), the chopped sweet peppers were fine, and the gravy--well, it was wet and meaty. It wasn't the most memorable food, but it was enough to spark some awesome nostalgia and make me want to head back to Chicago again. It's good for a quick lunch or dinner, for takeout or to stop in, especially if you want to watch the game (non-alcoholic style).
1	Sorry DOG. This used to be the spot for a great Chicago dog or a slider or an Italian beef or sausage. Back when Louie and Eddie a couple a wise guys from Chicago actually owned the joint! The new owner is a tool! It reflects in the crappy food. This jag off is a whiner too. I'd like to smack him in the head with the soggy ass chi dog he served up. You can't skimp on the poppy bun either! This stugots is screwing up a good thing.Like I said before selling the recipes to a new owner isn't always going to be a good thing. Here it is not. RUN FORREST RUN! Nothing to eat here.
