4	This is the cheapest place I have found to do nails at. $25 for french tip and $22 for a spa pedicure. How much more can you ask for?? I'm originally from Los Angeles so I was shocked when all I could find around Las Vegas were $30-$45 nail salons. All of their nail technicians are skilled and do a great job. I have a nail salon walking distance to where I live but I don't mind driving to Balii since I would be saving over $10-$15!! Highly recommended! :-) I just wish they did eyebrow threading and they would have all 5 stars!
1	This place is awful.  I'd been going there for just a couple months after finding them on Mobideals.  The girl who did my nails was PHENOMENAL, and I would ONLY go to see her.  While waiting for her, I'd decided to get a pedicure by another woman who did a good job...until days later when I realized I had a fungal infection.  I KNOW that there's no where else I would have gotten it, since I tend to stay with the same venue when I find a place I like.After going to the doc TWICE and getting a bill for two prescriptions that cost me $95, I called them and spoke to someone who claimed she was the manager...until I drove over to show them how awful my foot looked (which also spread to both of my hands by this point), and the "manager" or manager or whoever she really was started to yell at ME and tell them it was MY fault.  I ended up leaving while promising to go to the health board, which I will be doing after I submit this post.Don't go here...it looks nice inside, but it's really, REALLY not.
3	I was seen quickly and I wasn't rushed out. Spa chairs are older, but I got mani-pedi for $34. Staff was friendly, but she cut my cuticle. My feet look great. All in all, I left more relaxed than when I arrived.
5	Very nice salon!! I went here for the first time this weekend and they were so friendly and they answered all my questions! I had a full set white tip done for only $25 dollars and I just paid $5 more for the gel overcoat! :) My nails are perfection!! Not to big for my nailbeds and just perfectly done! I told the lady exactly what I wanted and she did exactly as I asked!!! Salon was very clean and this will be my nail salon from now on!!! 5 stars all the way!! :):):):)
5	Needed a new spot to get my spa pedicures, and now have one :0) really reasonable, got an amazing massage and my nails look fantastic. Wearing wedges/heels daily is hard on my feet, needed someone to understand my needs and make my feet soft and beautiful. I will definitely be back, Paul is awesome!
3	Needed a new spot to get my spa pedicures and my nails looks fantastic, and now I have one, really reasonable, got an amazing massage and my nails look fantastic. Staff was very friendly,
5	I'm always seen quickly here.  This is the cheapest place I have found to do nails at.  The service is excellent!  I highly recommend this place!
1	i came here to get a fill because my normal nail place wasnt open early enough on sundays and they opened at 10a (i had somewhere to be at 11a)i called the night before to make an appointment and still had to wait when i got there because all of the employees were late except one. she rushed through my fill (who does a fill in 15 minutes?!) she was also pretty insulting because she kept asking me if i wanted to get my eyebrows waxed while i was there. i kept telling her that i do them myself and i knew they needed to be done i just hadnt had time. i dont trust anybody with my face except me and i'm glad i didnt have her do them because she did a shitty ass job on my nails.they were so bad i went to another place a week later and got a whole new full set. dont go here.
3	This was my first time there--I didn't make an appointment, but the staff was fine with seeing me. I didn't wait long, and that made me happy! The space looked clean and it was busy = good sign!I had a manicure and a pedicure. To sum up, my experience was OK.The manicure was alright, not amazing, the pedicure is what I will go back for. The price was good ($22 for a pedi, $12 for a mani) and this spot is close to my work. The staff was super pleasant and it had a good vibe. The prices were not posted, so I made a point to ask how much stuff was before I had the services done. It was my own fault for agreeing to the "scrub"...they charged me 5 bucks for it, and the foot rub $1. Of course you find out at the check out...I should have known better I guess.I don't like price 'surprises' , the lady apologized. I was nice about it, I wasn't going to freak over that. Just ask about FIRM prices before you have services done :)
4	OK wax here. $10 eyebrow. Very standard for a nails place however when I walked in they fought for a while about who would take me to wax. Got a young girl. She seems fine but didn't really seem very experienced. Fine end result. Ill honestly probably come again because it was cheap and close.
5	We have been coming here for a while and they are the best. They have great service and prices and are very friendly .
4	I went in with my mom for a pedi and decided at the last minute to also get a mani. I was in a bit of a rush so they had one person working on my feet and Linda on my hands. The staff was very great. They're funny, friendly and accommodating! My mani pedi turned out great and the extra $5 for the lavender scrub was definitely worth it! I'm an athlete so my feet aren't the prettiest, but they were silky smooth by the time i left! The shop is your everyday nail salon but their customer service is what makes them special!P.s. they tend to ask if you'd like to have your eyebrows done but I don't think they're trying to insult you, just think they want to make another sale.
2	This salon is a hit or miss.I recieved a *Full Set for the price of $22. Not bad, a reasonable price as well.But upon my visit I felt rushed. Being a customer I feel it's not right to feel rushed because it then makes me think you are not going to get the job right or care about my service. Also the Acrylic she used did not meet all the way to my cuticle, which made my new full set look like my nails were already growing out. I especially hated this.The woman also charged me an extra $2.00 for glitter nailpolish. It was only nailpolish nothing fancy at all.They also charge *$10.00 extra for gel. Wow.I'd come here again. But I'll definetly tell the woman to put the Acrylic all the way to my cuticle. And I'll make sure to bring my own glitter nailpolish.Other than that, I'd wish they were also aware of many of the Nail Trends out here today. If anyone knows of any Salons that are aware of this please feel free to inform me.
1	Horrible services!! When they messed up my nails and I asked them to fix they charged me extra! It's not like I left and came back later it was as they were doing them!  And I wasn't getting anything crazy just a solid color with glitter over it, but the glitter was old and clumpy so looked very bad. They were  rude to me about saying I didn't like my nails and made me wait until the waited on other people who had come in long after me, to fix them.
5	I love Balii Nails. I've been seeing Tina for about 4 years now. She is very consistent I always love my nails I never walk out the door feeling money has been wasted. I've see a few other nail techs over the years but hands down Tina the best.
5	This place is 30+ minutes from my house but very well worth it. The owner Tina took the time to make sure my nails were perfect. I'm new to the area and am so glad I've found my new nail salon. One thing to check off the list!
4	Balii Nails is a great nail shop!  I have been several times and I have always left happy.  The nail techs are all friendly and do a good job!  I have had some amazing pedicures that lasted for weeks, as well as great manicures.  My last gel manicure from here still looked great after 3 weeks!  Yes, 3 weeks!The prices are very reasonable too.  The gel manicures are $25, spa pedicures are #25, and regular manicures are $12.  They have a few specials that are usually going on like a regular mani/pedi for $35, etc.  They also offers other services like waxing and eyelash extensions.  I haven't tried these here, but people are always going in for them while I have been getting other services.So yes, I really like Balii Nails!
3	This salon is nice and friendly but my nails were chipped by noon the same day. The nail tech was sweet and listened to what I wanted done, but the top coat they used is not a good one. I used to own it and stopped because it's crappy. I would go back but would do gel next time.
5	I am so happy I found this place after my terrible experience at another nail salon  down the street.  Steve was a life saver! He fixes all of the uneven and thick nails. My nails looks so natural and  normal. He also does the best pedicure !
1	HORRIBLE. I've never had such a bad experience before at a nail shop. I got acrylics and a pedicure. I kept telling the lady I wanted my nails rounded and looking natural and still they suck. After two hours of having them done, they already started to lift. I was pissed. Plus I got the same exact thing as my friend and they charged her 45$ for both acrylics and pedicure and I got charged with a whopping 63$?! And for a crappy nail job? You're kidding me right?I went back the next day to get them fixed because of them lifting and to get them shaped better. And still the lady made my nails uneven and didn't do anything about the lifting. She said "there no lift, your nails good" and they weren't. I would NOT recommend this place to anyone. They did a horrible job and then if you complain about it they just talk bad about you to the other workers. Horrible experience.
5	The best nail salon with excellent service. Steve is a very friendly and funny guy.  He does the best pink and white full set and gel pedicure . The price there  is very reasonable. Ask for Steve!!!!
2	Good price, not so good gel manicure. The nail tech did my gel manicure as if she was applying regular nail polish. It's uneven and some got on my cuticles. Will not be returning.
5	Tina and the whole crew are awesome they are all friendly and all good people. Highly recommend this place
