1	I've stayed in a number of hostels from the south west, to montreal, to nyc. This is the worst hostel I've ever been to and the only one that I had to cancel my reservation and walk out after one night. Yeah the price is right, and its on the strip not too far from the first big casino but it's not worth it. The "private" room I booked with my girlfriend at the time was located behind the large room of multiple bunk beds. I had to bring my luggage through the room and tip toe past sleeping guests to get to my room. Even though the room was private the bathroom was shared which was another unexpected surprise. The worst part of the whole experience was the room had a bed that felt more like a piece of plywood with a pad on top, the blanket was a thick piece of wool with tons of animal (and probably people) hair stuck in it. This place was pretty gross and uncomfortable. Check out somewhere else or just don't skimp on hostels when you're in Vegas is my advice.
5	This place is fantastic. The beds are reasonably priced and it's located just off the strip. You are walking distance or a short bus ride from everything. If you go make sure to check out some of the hostel's  events. I recommend the Friday night limo tour. When we went it was 25 dollars for the ride admission to the club and free drinks in the limo.  The mattresses are foam, yes, but it's pretty firm and a foot thick. The common areas have  plenty of space and a pool table.  What really sells this place over any of the others is the staff. Genuinely warm and inviting they really go the extra mile for you. I am a vegetarian and for whatever reason Las Vegas is not particularly friendly to us for whatever reason. During the (Free) Friday night BBQ they offered to pick up garden burgers for me. Awesome. My friend didn't have the required shoes for the nightclub on Saturday; it was cool he borrowed a pair. They were all very knowledgeable about the surrounding area, restaurants, pools, bars, clubs, casinos. They can help you out.Oh, and as a bonus across the street is a themed wedding chapel. While I was there I saw more than 15 happy couples march out with an Elvis clad in gold lame.
4	The Sin City Hostel in Las Vegas is a great choice if you wanna have a cheap stay.We stayed here in July 2012.The facilities are all clean and the staff is great.They also have great offers, for example a limo tour including access to a night club.That was a great night.They also get cheaper offers for Grand Canyon Tours. Breakfast is a typical Hostel breakfast with toast, waffles and coffee and Ice Tea.I would say it is a typical Hostel with great prices.BUT you have to know that the privates share a bathroom with the dorm rooms and they have to go through the dorm rooms to leave their room.We would stay here again!
5	Sin City was surprisingly one of the best hosteling experiences that I've ever had. Please tell me if you can find a much cheaper hostel anywhere in the entire USA. The staff are down to earth and friendly. Last night Johnny from Sin City organized a club crawl and brought us out to treasure island and the fancy place across the street. We were a group of a couple Americans along with a dozen German travelers. That night we landed at a secret LMFAO show, which blew my mind. The go go girls were hot and the midget at the show had at least 6 costume changes. That's the way to throw a secret party. I love the fact that this hostel hits the clubs as a worldwide group. There's probably more of a true international feel here versus the Cat Hostel. The reason is that Sin City receives far more international travelers, due to the preference this hostel gives to passport carrying party pilgrims. The hostel is close to the strip, maybe a 20 minute walk. The owner is a great guy who will chat on a deeper than the normal about politics. He was generous enough to let me stay for hours after check out, as I was leaving Vegas later that night. I rate it 5 poker chips.
4	I'm amazed to hear these negative reviews on TripAdvisor because the hostel is $12 per night. Come on people! Where else in the US have you found a $12 a night hostel that includes breakfast? - which by the way, is not just toast. It's toast and waffles, coffee, tea, sometimes fruit, and nutella, syrup butter and jam. They need to make some money! They also give out hot dog dinners - OK it's not gourmet but lets be real. As far as location -- it is closer to Downtown Vegas than anything, and Pawn Stars is right down the street. Prime Las Vegas Strip real estate is a bit expensive. I thought the staff was awesome, and they did like to party too! It's Vegas, not the Swiss Alps. Semi-private rooms are just that - semi private! If the bathrooms are out of TP - ask for it. Most hostels do this because people steal it. WiFi is shoddy, I'll admit that drove me a little nuts when trying to plan stuff. I stayed two weeks and I didn't run into bed bugs. I love when people get some form of bug bite and they assume it's bed bugs. First off, you can see bed bugs at night. They bite in threes, itch like hell, and leave blood stains on the mattresses. My entire house was infected with these once so I am very familiar with them. They suck, and I assure you if I came across them I wouldn't have stayed one night. As for the rude woman, I know who everyone is referring to and she no longer works there. The immediate area isn't amazing, but it's a 5-minute cab ride to Downtown and they organize limo tours to the Strip almost every night if there are enough people. There are no fancy decorations on the walls - it's bare bones but that is how hostels have been for ages.You are in Vegas, go party and quit whining. There are cheap hotels out there of course, but you won't get to meet people like you do when you stay in a hostel.
5	I stayed in this hostel over the week end to ditch the huge price hikes that happen at all the hotels around town on Friday and Saturday.  Wow, way to much fun.  Larry was friendly, and had an awesome limo tour, with free liquor before and in the limo to the club.  He was very warm and delightfully humorous.  The rooms are simple, but very clean.  The cleaning crew scrubbed every day.  I tried hostel cat before, and there rooms were a complete disaster.  Sin City Hostel is a Million times better in cleanliness and keeping riff raff (Aka drug folks) out.  I would advise you to upgrade to a 4 bed dorm vs a 6 bed dorm.  The bunk beds just arn't made for a full grown man of 180lbs to sleep on, but the memory foam in the 4 bed dorms is like sleeping on a cloud.  I highly recommend this place if your looking to have fun on the cheap in Vegas.
4	For $13 a night per person, my friend and I saved a lot of money. We met some really cool people from Europe. It's a nice hostel, free breakfast (they have Nuttela!) and bathroom in the room instead of a community bathroom.  There isn't much to see on the wall to the strip, so it's worth a cheap taxi fare.
1	if you're traveling solo, don't even bother. If you're choosing to share rooms with strangers which I did, you just might be kept awake by others socializing... my experiences at this place were varied, but that wasn't the only problem. Shared bathroom / shower, sharing rooms with STRANGERS, mild odor in the room.... hostels aren't for me. So I won't be staying in one ever again. This is not to say you wouldn't like staying at a hostel, maybe even this one. despite the very low price and free breakfast ( less than $20 / night), I'll warn you that you do get what you pay for.
2	I really hate writing bad reviews but we've stayed in quite a few hostels and this was definitely not one of the memorable ones. We booked a private room (don't want to think about what a shared room would be like). The room reeked of gasoline, the window was broken, we found hairs and stains in the sheets and the blankets were mouldy. We shared our bathroom with a  super sweet young woman. The bathroom was clean, shower was fine. Bring your own towel, they don't provide you with anything. We were in the kitchen once, never went back and skipped the hostel breakfast, because the atmosphere in the common room was super weird and the kitchen was filthy. Staff is okay, pretty friendly. Miguel (the owner?) is a nice guy. The location is by the Charleston bus stop, takes you about 20 minutes to get to The Venetian on Deuce (24 hour ticket for $8 on a surprisingly nice bus). Neighborhood is sketchy. For a weekend and the very low price, the place was borderline. I would recommend you check last-minute deals in Bally's or the Mirage instead of staying here (we had friends who did that and payed the same amount we did for a lovely room right downtown on the strip). We won't be going back to Sin City. Sorry for the bad review but I have to be honest...
5	Love love love this place!  Sin City Hostel is very cooool.  And for the single wanderluster its lotsa fun! Hope to come back in in the fall or holiday season! Gotta partake in the Limo ride at my next visit!Thank you Sin City Hostel Staff! Cant wait to blog on this!!!Cindy
