5	Ryan is great! Our irrigation system was neglected by the previous tenants and repaired terribly. Ryan came out, gave me an estimate, and did the repairs needed in the same day. He was professional and very nice. He took the time to show me the issues and the working mechanics of it.
5	My grass is greener!!!  Call Ryan, dependable, professional & on time.  My rental property needed a major clean up.  Ryan went over the same day, gave me a reasonable quote and a few days later DONE!  I hired him for monthly upkeep as well.  Nice to find hard working people that have pride in what they do.  Don't settle call Vegas Valley Lawn Care.
5	I had serious problems with my sprinkler system. The 2 previous contractors I hired could not identify or fix the problems whereas these guys were knowledgeable, professional, timely and honest. They fixed my irrigation and sprinkler problems, explained everything to me and never pressured me into any further repairs. I have them on speed dial. Great work!!  They're in Summerlin but had no problems coming to me all the way in the deep southwest.
5	Great communication, They came out and found my irrigation leak almost immediately. Super nice guys. We will use them again. Highly recommended.
5	Awesome service, professional, and good pricing! They made it out the same day to fix our irrigation system. After fixing the main problem he fix a few other minor problems. Will definetly be using them again.
5	Great service!  Very friendly and reliable.  The guys come out every other Thursday and do a fantastic job for a very reasonable price.  Thanks!
5	Ryan was as good as everyone on yelp has claimed. He was courteous, knowledgable, and helpful. I had some issues with my irrigation and he fixed them all quick and made sure all of the other lines looked as they should.Would definitely recommend this company to others and they will be my " go to " company for landscaping.
5	They don't service North Las Vegas but Ryan was very nice and called me back right away! Would refer anyone to him!
5	We had Jason and the guys do our yard clean up this time. They communicated well -- it rained so we had to re-schedule -- and did an awesome job! They even did a few small things that I didnt expect (cleaned up the pool a bit, mowed the lawn, and buried a sprinkler line).These guys are our go-to lawn and irrigation company now. The same people who give you the quote do the work.
5	Professional FriendlyOn time AND affordable!We will definitely call again if we need their irrigation repair services!!
5	Found out about this company through reading Yelp reviews. We had a problem with our irrigation not turning on and asked them to come and see if they could come out and help figure out the problem, Ryan, the tech, came the very next day and said it would be a free consultation. He came out as promised on time and it ended up we just had an issue with our plug ins, he helped us get it up and running and he charged nothing for his time and effort A class act in my books! Thank you Ryan!!
5	Wow, what a warm hearted honest and nice hard working people.  I am so glad to find them, and they did great!I am sure you will be happy with them for your yard care. :)
5	I had a sprinkler that was gushing... pipe broken way below ground, it turned out.  I read such good reviews about Ryan and Vegas Valley Lawn Care on Yelp, that I called them to have it fixed.  Their work was great, and they were great to deal with.  So I'll join their many "fans" and highly recommend them.  Louise R.   :)
5	Jason was just here to fix a sprinkler issue. He arrived within 15 minutes of me talking to him on the phone. He was professional and friendly. He took care of the problem, the charge was low, he was great, so I gave him a decent tip!
1	Phone calls always go to voicemail and messages are not returned.  Stupid way to do business.
5	Had Jason come out and take care of my weed problem in the backyard to keep the HOA off my back. The service was friendly, professional and quick! They arrived on time and got straight to business. The backyard looked immaculate when they were done. I would definitely recommend them for any yard work you may need! Awesome!
1	Looks like all of the good reviews have gone to their head at this place!  Jason and Ryan came out last fall and did a wonderful job pruning, etc.  Called them to come back this spring and no response after first call.  After second call, I was told they could only come on a Monday.  I work Mondays, and left a message what days would work for me. NEVER heard back from them!  After 3 calls, nothing.  Very UNRELIABLE and UNACCOMMODATING..
5	Ryan Rocks! I called him this morning for some sprinkler help and some potential landscaping for my backyard. He showed up to my house within an hour and answered all of my questions! When I showed him how my irrigation box was leaking, he knew right away what to do - he went a grabbed a new part out of his truck, put it on, and it was fixed! He then set up my watering timer and we talked about some landscaping and pricing. His prices seemed great and I will definitely use him in the future! To top it all off, when I asked him what I owed him for fixing my irrigation leak and his time, he said don't worry about it! I was shocked and couldn't believe his service! Thank you so much Ryan!
5	I was able to once again rely on Yelp to provide the needed response to my leaking sprinkler system. Ryan is the man for the job. He was on time, knew exactly how to fix the problem, make short work in performing the repairs; even though the system was not standard size tubing, Ryan quickly secured the components that ended my water leak. Highly recommend Ryan and Vegas Valley Lawn Care!
1	I have been using this company for 11 months.  Ryan would come out every other week and do what he needed to be done. Very little was required as I have desert landscaping and pretty much maintained it myself.  Just needed blowing and general light cleanup.  Ryan was very thorough.Then his brother, I believe, would  come out.  I would have to watch him as if I was not looking, it would be a pretty much "hit and run" literally.I was expecting them Friday.  No show, no call as they never call when they cannot make it.  I have to call them and ask where they are or if they are coming.   Finally a text back saying they will be there Monday as they are running late.Monday comes and again no call no show.  I texted them...no answer...I was very upset at this point as I asked if they would trim a tree that is coming into my yard from a neighbor.  Mind you, there is very little to do here...no grass...no weeds..no plants to constantly trim.  I felt that I asked them to trim a tree and they could not be bothered.I am extremely disappointed in this company as they start out fine and as it continues, they seem to take their customer's for granted.  NO COMMUNICATION...NOT EVEN A CALL WHEN THEY CANNOT COME.   SORRY RYAN, I WILL TAKE MY BUSINESS ELSEWHERE.  AS A BUSINESS OWNER, YOU SHOULD KNOW BETTER!!!!
