4	I work in the area and just discovered Sami's as the newest occupant of the plaza on the northeast corner of Priest and Washington.  It's about time we get more dining options in that area and I just so happen to be a fan of gyros.  The set up is much like the other places in the plaza where you order at the counter and then they call your number.  Basically fast food style but for a quick bite for lunch what else do you need?  The daily lunch special is a gyro with fries and a soda for only $5.95.  The only complaint I have is that they need to add more tsatzki sauce because it was a little too dry for my liking.  You will just need to add a side to your order.   The bazmati rice and greek salad are quite tasty and can be ordered as sides too.  It can get crowded at lunch so get here before noon and you can actually grab a table inside.If you throw in your business card at the counter bowl you can win a free lunch like I did!
3	Not bad at all. Lunch special of $5.95 gets you a gyro, fries and a 20 oz drink. So if you're on a budget it is awesome. The place was super crowded at lunch time during the week so beware if you're looking for a relaxing place to chill out. Not much seating available, so be prepared to either take it to go or get real friendly with your dining neighbors. The food was good, not the best gyro I've ever had but definitely would go back for another. The portions were generous and the staff amiable.
4	Good place to grab a quick lunch. The menu is typical of other gyro places, but the service is fast -  I was in and out with my takeout order within 5 mins on a Monday at noon. The $5 lunch deal is a steal and very good! Their Mediterranean Chicken sandwich was better than I've had at other places and has extra seasonings on it.Also, if you're on the Light Rail you can get off at the Washington and Priest stop, and it's right there!
4	I take the light rail into work every day, and have been wanting to stop at Sami's Gyros for a while now.  I finally got to!  yay!Anyways, I was on my way downtown to the baseball game and was starving.  I had busy Saturday morning, and didnt have time to stop beforehand to get some food.  So, I boarded the light rail early and decided to stop at Sami's to try it out.  I was glad I did.This place was great.  They have a great menu, and prices are reasonable.  It was rather quiet on a Saturday afternoon, but I was also in there at 3:30 and they close at 4 on Saturdays, so most people had either already eaten.I got a Gyro, Greek salad and coke.  I think it cost me about $8.50, and it was more then enough for me.   Great serving size, I felt like I got what I paid for here, serving wise.  BUT, there were a few things on the Gyro that I noticed. I dont know if it was because I was there so close to closing time, or if this is the way that it always is, but the meat seemed a little dry to me.  I won't hold it against them, but it was probably becuase I was there so late.  Also, I wished they had put a little more of the sauce on the gyro.  I felt like that it was just not enough for me. I also like this place beause its right off the light rail at the Priest and Washington stop.  Easy on, easy off.  I do recomend this place.  The service was good and I enjoyed my time here.
3	Sometimes I go into a place and then i start to think that it'd be dicky to write a bad review of a place. really i'd like to give this place 2 stars but it gets one extra one for no reason other than I'm feeling nice.I ordered the chicago style vienna beef hot dog. I asked if they had more than one type of dog to choose from because I prefer schnauzers. (just kidding. lighten up, people) Anyway the owner (presumably) told me that they only have one kind, "The Best Kind." Sure you do, pal. I prefer like polish firedogs which some vienna beef places have or maybe polish sausage (make all your little jokes, go ahead) but as a general rule I've never had a vienna beef hot dog i didn't like.Well this seemed to me to be more of a Bar-S than vienna beef and I felt totally aggrieved.my pal Chris G, a man among men who yelps sparingly, had a chicken gyro which he said was so dry he had to eat it in the rain, whatever that means. the fries were lackluster.So I'm gonna give this place 2 stars but i guess i'll put three up there because I just feel bad.
4	I really like Sami's Gyros.  They are a good place to have lunch that is affordable and healthy (if you want).  When I was really focusing on calories I was glad when my lunch companions chose this place because the gyro was relatively low calorie and they have some nice alternatives to fries (dolmas, falafel).   My last trip I had an Italian Sausage with fries and it was very tasty with grilled onions on it.  The fries also were pretty good, crispy and fresh, not greasy.
3	Apparently when i'm not at work i'm stalking Richard Z. or maybe it was the other way around...i am giving 3 stars, but honestly they could do alot better. the atmosphere is kinda like a new business who spent alot of the loan on the inside and didn't consider the food in the budget.i liked sitting down and watching the big flat screen. but..my fries were kinda boring, and the gyro was kinda dry, the tzayki (however thats spelled) was ok..it helped lubricate the meat as it went down. thinking i was gonna get smaller portions i also ordered some hummus. but instead of a plump flatbread that i guess i'm spoiled with..i get flat tortillas. Hummus was also kinda bland. could have used some flavor assistance. but..all in all. it wasn't that bad..so i'll stick with the A-OK look i'm not greek, so i could care less how these thing should really taste. so for what its worth. the taste was A-OK.
5	This is my second visit to Sami's and I love it. I was here last week and had the original beef, and wow was that good, so i figured let me try them again. Today i had the Gyro and my wife had the salad and falafel(sp??), the gyro was absolutely delicious and plentiful, the yogurt sauce reminded me of being back in Chicago, that is really good. My wife enjoyed her salad, it was fresh and crisp, the falafel were very good. I am not sure what they should really taste like, but we will get them again. The counter girl was very nice and caring, I would defiantly go back to this place again. Keep up the good work. THANK YOU.
4	Very tasty Mediterranean Chicken pita.  I get that almost every time.  Very nice-sized portion of seasoned and juicy chicken breast meat.  I have had other items too, and they are all tasty.  Place gets busy at lunch on weekdays (a lot of office space nearby) so you might have a 5-10 minute wait.  Fries are good when HOT, but very generic, and if they get cold they are worthless.  If the fries were better, I'd give it 5 Stars.
4	Had a quick take out lunch here. Food was good and ready in a matter of minutes.  I'll be back.
5	Samis is just great.you get what you pay for. and that's a Quality meal for a fair price.portions are plentiful and it's a Clean environment Sami the Owner is frequently on site and ready to make sure you enjoy your dining experience. The staff there is also Just as attending as the Owner.This is why i frequent Sami's at least once a week.
2	so i just came back from my 1st visit to sami's gyros.  and i gotta say....  MEH about sums it up. i might go back but that's because the chicken med sandwich was good after one bite.  i'm hopeful there are other things to choose that i'll enjoy more than my meal, however i ate the steak sandwich and tho it looked good, it was without any moisture, the meat as well as the sandwich itself.  i then read on the wall menu for any missing extras, and saw none, perhaps they could offer something or include some kind of sauce, or condiment to this sandwich.  the fries tho given plenty of them, were also dry, and basically unsalted, so not so much there either.  humus was ok, as a side, but i'd go elsewhere if i wanted the good stuff.
1	In the movie "Point Break," Gary Busey, playing the role of Angelo Pappus, says I line I used to use.  "Around the corner, there is a sandwich shop that sells meatball sandwiches, best I have ever tasted."I used to use this line before going to Sami's, until today.You took the meatball sub, THE meatball sub of the menu.  I looked at the menu for about 2 minutes, didn't see it.  I asked the guy at counter "Hey, do you still have the meatball sub?"  I was told no.  I had been thinking of that sub for a few hours.  I received the equivalent of blue balls in some sort of distorted food equation.If I wrote this review before today, you would have received 5 stars for that sandwich alone.  Since I wrote it today, you know what you got.  I feel that strongly about the situation because I don't have much else going for me.  I haven't been this upset since saved by the bell was moved to the mornings when it used to be in the afternoons.Your Gyros are way too dry for me to eat them, and nothing else is good enough to keep me coming back.  Except for that meatball sub.I had a punch card, buy 11 meals and your 12th is free.  It was almost all the way filled up.  I had to put that in the garbage today to prove to myself I will never return until your meatball sub does.  It was surrendered, like my faith in Sami's.It is like you broke up with me via text messaging.  Johnny Utah is NOT bringing me my meatball sandwiches.  This Calvin and Hobbes is NOT funny.  I DO want some oranges.  Sami's....  You have failed.
4	Mediterranean all the way.  Spices on the gyro are as tasty as could be, especialy the tsatzki sauce.  Falafel was a great starter, sides of hummus, basmati rice and greek salad are quite tasty.  Service awesome & friendly, great prices and outside seating.  SAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT....Baklava is great.
2	Underwhelming gyro. There are french fries with it? First question: why? Second question: why are they not any good? I will say one good thing, it was cheap, and I didn't leave hungry.
4	I had my first taste of Sami's Gyros food last night at a networking event in Tempe. They offered Greek Salad, Mediterranean Chicken, Hummus and Pita bread. The chicken was super tasty and I made a sandwich out of that with the Hummus and the salad. I also got to meet one of the owners Lisa and really enjoyed talking to her. Hearing about all of the other yummy sounding things they have on the menu (Including baklava!) I am looking forward to visiting the Tempe location. I am a huge fan of supporting local businesses and I will be heading to Sami's soon!
2	You know when you see a girl and think she could look a lot better if she cleaned herself up, maybe dressed a little better, didn't have an eye patch, lost 300 pounds, etc.? No? Oh well.. Anyway, after reading the review's for Sami's Gyros I was hoping it would have improved upon their food. Unfortunately, she (or he - Sami is a little ambiguous) just hasn't cleaned herself up, yet. I went here recently for the first time for lunch after getting a Groupon deal (It was close to me, okay?!) and pretty much most of the negative reviews were right. Let's break it down:-The side salad included "generous" portions of one olive, one thin slice of cucumber, and one slice of tomato.- I had the Mediterranean chicken "sandwich". From reading the previous reviews, I knew that I should order a side of tzatziki sauce. Unfortunately, even after soaking the "sandwich", the chicken was still dry as hell. So, I was left with a huge sloppy mess, which I'm okay with. Those are usually fun.-The fries were pretty damn tasteless. Why else would you even get fries if they aren't tasty? It's not like they are healthy or anything. They ended up as useless as a fishnet condom. The ketchup packets that were included had high fructose corn syrup in them, and I don't do that. So, I used the fries as a conduit to get more tzatziki sauce into my mouth. That still didn't help the tasteless fries.  The best part was the "China Mist" tea. Yes, the throw in drink was the best part. I feel sorta bad for writing a bad review after using a Groupon... But fuck it. Hey Sami, what's up brah? If you need help improving your food, including your dry meat, let me know!
4	Sami's Gyros is a better than average lunch joint light rail close to my place of employment.  You get a quick, hearty meal for less than 8 bucks.  The gyro meat is plentiful, but nothing special. The gyro meal comes with fries and a drink. The grilled breast meat chicken gyro sandwich is probably their best product, and I highly recommend it.The best part of the operation is the speed of service.   It is not uncommon for the servers calling your number before you have filled your drink and found a table.  Overall, a solid lunch place.
1	Used a groupon prepaid copon for dinner.  Service was very good; after that not so good.  Food was luke warm and the salad was just average.  The Gyro plate was greasey and bland.  For $9.00+ it should have been much better.  I have had Greek food at many places and this one is at the bottom of the list.  I would pass on this one.
5	I randomly decided to go here during my lunch break at work the other day. During the middle of the lunch rush, I barely found a parking spot as the mass crowd of 9-to-5-er's flocked to the busy plaza (home to a Starbucks, Port-o-Subs and other eateries). It's expected for that area. I was prepared to wait a while, especially after hearing how good the food was here.When I walked in, I ordered my food (gyro with fries) and opened up Foursquare to check-in. Before the app finished loading the location, my order was already up! Fastest service I've had anywhere! The crew was pushing out orders left-and-right like pros. Definitely a big plus during such a busy lunch time. The gyro was the BEST I've had in the Valley (I didn't think anything could top my favorite Athens Gryro's & Pasta on Northern). Why so good? That sauce!! I think they make it themselves, and it's the sauce you typically find on gyros, but 1000x's better at Sami's. The food was fresh, and still piping hot by the time I got back to my desk at work. Oh, and the price; ~$8 for a big gyro and a generous serving of fries. Pretty good if you ask me!I'm so excited this place is a quick drive down the road, and plan on coming back often. (And be sure to follow them on Twitter & Facebook. They're actually really good an connecting with the customers.)
3	I swiped my badge at the time clock at roughly 5:32.As I walked wearily down the long gray corridor under the sickening fluorescent lights of my office building I felt overcome with weariness. The bleakness of my 9-5 schedule and the resulting placid evenings were grating on me. I stepped foot outside the building and lit up. The sun was setting, the clouds unfurling and soon the night would fall. I strolled over toward the light rail stop on Priest and Washington, the cigarette had made me queasy and I realized how hungry I was.  I contemplated some greasy tacos and a fat burrito from Fili-B's; semi concious of the direction I was heading, my stomach lead me by the nose- My brain was weakly suggesting tacos, but my stomach had seized power, and in this coup, resistance would be futile. My feet meekly obeyed and stomach was dictating, barking out orders like Idi Amin, 'Falafel!' he demanded. Sami's Gyros was mostly empty around 5:40, save two plump young ladies watching the Cowboys and Red Skins game, and the lone Greek fry cook cleaning his station, the door jingled and he looked up at me from under bushy eye brows, his dark eyes made large by the thick prescription lenses he wore. I walked up to the counter and in a voice not my own, made my order.  "A Falafel sandwich and an order of Hummus!" I demanded, slamming both palms on the counter. The fry cooks eyes bulged even larger and his lips parted, the mustache on his upper lip trembled as he replied "1 falafel sandwich, and 1 hummus plate? cccertainly.." he stammered.I handed a young woman in a pony tail with heaving breasts my atm card, she languidly rang up my order and stared strangely at me. I snatched my receipt from her fingers, turned on my heels and sat regally on a high stool that faced the plaza outside. Occasionally I'd glance at the game, it appeared as if Washington was winning, but I'd never been a football fan, and these teams especially didnt hold my interest.  Before I knew it my order came, the fry cook brought out my hummus first, I devoured it, then he brought my sandwich.  As I sat and greedily ate my sandwich, tzatziki sauce dribbling down my face and fingers, I saw one of my co-workers leaving filiberto's, panic and shame overcame me, I tried to hide my face behind my hulking sandwich, she passed by aloof, thankfully- the last thing I need at work is a new nickname. After I'd satiated my tyrant stomach with Sami's fare, I felt gladdened to know that crappy mexican fast food was not my only after work snack option.
4	I was headed to work one day and decided to stop at the usual plaza for lunch. I was a little tired of Port of Subs, so I decided to give Sami's a try. About seven bucks for a gyro sandwich, fries and a drink? Sign me up.There was a lunch rush, predictably, so they were really busy. The girl at the register had the time of her life joking and laughing with the guy in front of me. When he finally stopped schmoozing and it was my turn to order, the smiling and laughing stopped. I received a very cold disposition, like I was just one more thing between her and the end of the day. Oh well, no big deal.I ordered, and waited. And waited. Two or three orders after mine came up first, and as the time threatened to bite into my commute, I felt antsy. Maybe the people after me all ordered salads? Still, I ordered their main, advertised special, how much longer should that take?I'm here to say, the wait was worth it. The gyro sandwich was huge and tender, and the tzatziki was incredible. Even the fries were delicious (and fresh out of the fryer! Again, the wait was worth it.) This was one of the best gyro sandwiches I've ever had.I will definitely come back here again, just maybe not when I have to go to work amidst lunch hour.I made it to work on time, by the way.
1	Went here on the way back to work on my lunch break, never been here before and was starving. Unsure of what to order, I decided on the steak salad. For one, this is a greek place and they dont have pepperocini? dissappointed. Got my salad and the dressing was just gross. tasted like oil and vinegar and thats it. The tzaziki sauce was the least favorite of all that I have tried. The salad was just tasteless, had bell peppers tomato and cucumber on it for veggies, thats it. The steak was good but that was the only good part of the meal. The lettuce was just like iceberg lettuce chopped up absolutely no variety. Will never go here again.
3	Some days I want something other than what they serve at our cafeteria. I know, I know...we have a cafeteria at my work...I really shouldn't complain but the food is expensive and not worth what you pay. Anyway...I digress...I've eaten at the Fili B's and Port O Subs in this plaza as well as the pizza place. None of that sounded good to me. I've been meaning to try Haji Baba but didn't feel like the drive...enter stage left....Sami's Gyros. I ordered a Mediterranean Chicken Sandwhich with fries and a coke - about $8.50. There was a pretty good crowd in there but my food was out in less than 5 minutes. Nice warm pita stuffed...and I mean stuffed...with seasoned grilled chicken. I skipped the tsaziki and added a little mayo...what can I say ... I'm from the Midwest. Fries were ok but I could have skipped them. I'm not really a fry person. Overall good food, quick service, reasonable price.
1	I had the cheese burger and there was a piece metal it scratch te inside of my mouth
4	Lords food
1	Skip this place! I've never had a bad gyro but this one take the cake when it comes to sucking at life. It was completely dry and had a leather quality to it. You couldn't pay me to come here again.
3	Good food and fast service. The staff could learn to interact with the customers more as I could barely hear the person helping me when ordering. I had the Greek salad add gyros. Awesome meat, veggies seemed like they might have been out a while, especially the tomatoes. Overall good food, done quickly, eat in or take out.
4	I stumbled upon this place while searching for something tasty. I saw a decent rating on Yelp but nothing quite compares to the experience. I ordered the gyro special ($7.99) which included a side salad that I've yet to try because I'm still eating the gyro... and the leftovers are just as delicious as my very first bite!I was expecting a good meal, but this restaurant exceeded my expectations!!  I am in LOVE!! The gyro was seasoned to perfection!! Wow!I will never come within a 30mile radius without dining here. I highly recommend this place!! Is it yummy?! YELP!! ;)
4	Always call before you go- Everytime we've wanted to grab some grub, they're always either closed when the door hours say OPEN or 2 minutes till closing.. Yelp says hours open till 4, but they say 3pm. They should really fix that.
4	Their chicken is unbelievable! I could eat their chicken with Tzaziki and Pita every day. Steer clear of the fries, they tend to be a bit overcooked.
3	Great Gyros!! Don't be deterred by the long line as they move you through fairly quick. Friendly, attentive staff that prepare a great product at a fair price. Will visit again next time I'm in town and attending an ASU baseball tournament at phoenix municipal stadium.
3	The food was OK. I had the gyro sandwich special. The cashier is grouchy and needs to put hair up before she goes near food.
3	I was really teetering between 2-stars and 3-stars.  There were more negatives than positives, but I chose 3 because my husband really enjoyed his gyro and the chicken was so flavorful.  But lets go over the negatives because there are a lot of fast food greek options in this area. I probably won't return because of these 4 things.1) very slow.  i ordered, they said 10 minutes.  the reality was 30 minutes.  There was only one other customer.  (and a homeless man, but I actually like that they allowed the homeless man to be inside because it is 100-degrees outside).  In addition, when I called to order, they asked me to "call back in three minutes."2) Order was incomplete.  I definitely asked for a side of tzatziki sauce.  I definitely did not get ANY tzatziki sauce.  Usually, there is at least some the comes with the gyro, but not only do they not provide tzatziki, WHICH IS THE BEST CONDIMENT IN THE WORLD!, they charge .50 cents for any at all, and then forget to put it in the bag. I was sad.3) Luckily, we ordered hummus, which is not as good as tzatziki but it is better than nothing. However, the amount of hummus was pitiful for $4.  It was tasty though -- but the pita bread was stale, cold, and looked store bought.4) Finally, the french fries were unseasoned and cold.  We didn't finish them and we are a family of four -- usually, we fight over the last fry.Like I said, the chicken was very very good.  It was pretty oily, but whatever they use to season it is AMAZING.  It really earned this place a whole star, without the chicken, it would have been an easy 2-star decision.
3	Went there for lunch, as I'd been wanting to try it and since it's close to work I figured what the heck. I was jonesing for a french fry concoction my co-worker gets. I ordered this concoction but they got it all wrong. Tasted good but it wasn't exactly how I ordered it. I will take my co-worker with me next time I go there so the staff will get the order just as my friend orders it.
2	I must say its a great lunch spot for the working man.  However, today they may have lost a customer.  I am a regular customer that always orders the Mediterranean Chicken Dinner at least once or twice a week its my regular spot.  They give you a large portion of chicken and food and a tiny bit of tzatziki sauce.  Not nearly enough sauce to go with the whole dinner..So today I ask for another extra tzatziki sauce from the cook that looks like a Mexican version of sloth from the Goonies said no you pay for extra and points to the person at the register that has seen me there countless number of times.  I've probably spend an average of $20 a week there and they are nickle and diming me over an extra tzatziki sauce that they don't give you enough of in the first place.  It left a bad taste in my mouth and I feel it was poor business practice to treat a regular customer that way.So I am taking my business to Jay's Gyros down the street.  Where they do charge more but the chicken is higher quality and they will give their regular customers an extra tzatziki with all the food they give you and not charge you.So long to this tzatziki rationing not taking care of their regulars place.
3	Bottom Line - Very balanced and tasty Gyros as long as you set your expectations for everything else very low.Service - 1/5 The cashier was on her cell phone texting as I waited for her to take my order.  This is my third time at this restaurant in four months and she is there in the same pose every time.  Consistency is king.Personality - 2/5 The restaurant has the elements of a Greek restaurant assembled poorly.  It doesn't feel inviting but is clean and presentable.Quality - 4/5 The Gyros are just right and very tasty.  The balance of ingredients lets each one shine through and there is enough sauce to enhance the flavor without becoming a goopy mess.  Of the three times I have been the fries are bland and poorly seasoned, so on my last visit I didn't bother and focused on the entree.Recommendation - 2/5 My experience at this restaurant has been the same every time, but the Gyro is worth all the detractors.  As long as you have that in mind this is a great spot.
1	Horrible customer service.  The snobby girl at the register does not greet you, does not state the price of your order, and does not reply to hello or thank you. She just holds out her hand for cash.
5	Great Gyros!  and they are early slammed with a line out the door or dead slow.  sometimes you get lucky and have no wait other times there is a wait but its worth it!
1	Wow. I cant believe this place is still in business. I walked in late one day with only a girl sitting at a table playing on her phone. Turns out she worked there. She eventually comes to the register. Really seemed like she was pissed at me cause I took her away from the phone and she had to take my order. No hello, no thank you. Just took the money and gave me change then walked back to her table to play on the phone. Every table had trash on them. NONE were clean. She is still playing on her phone so I clear a table for myself. She does not offer to help.I then go to the restroom and it was absolutely gross!It had been 10 minutes and no food. I hear a couple Mexican employees in the back kinda yelling at each other in Spanish. I go to see what all the noise is about as well as check on my order. I noticed the cook and a co worker are in the back and are throwing   raw chicken around. It falls on the ground and they see me. I ask the guy where is my food and he points to the high counter where my food had apparently been sitting for 5 minutes. I was the only one in there and no one brings my food to me or tells me my food is ready. Instead the girl is on the phone at the table and the two Mexicans guys are throwing chicken around. They probably eventually cooked the chicken that was on the ground and sold it.I wanted to ask for my money back but I was so hungry I ate the cold food. The pita was very hard and the lunch was horrible. A waste of money. I walked away pissed at myself that I did not ask for my money back. The three employees in there DO NOT care about their customers experience in their restaurant. The more I think about the 40 minutes in there the more I get mad about not asking for my money back. First and last time for me at this place.
