5	Recently opened and they did a great job with the inside and out. Dining inside with 2 bars outside, one downstairs with fireplace and one upstairs with views. Heaters are all over so it's warm and comfortable. The balcony up top had a nice bar and when I went there, a live band. Happy hour M-F 4-7 I think? Prices are reasonable. I had a green chili burger and it was very tasty and the waitress was very nice.  All of the staff is courteous and I plan on going back for more good times.
5	This place is amazing! The service is great, the food is great, and they even have live entertainment! They have comedy nights, jazz nights, etc. that you can enjoy while you eat. For the food so far I tried the Green Chili Mac & Cheese which was delicious! I highly recommend it for anyone who loves Mac & Cheese with a bit of spiciness  to it. I also tried out a meat sampler that came with ribs, brisket and tri tip along with mash potatoes and coleslaw. They also have a burger, salmon, salads, and dessert, all I can't wait to try out. The Portions are unbelievable! you better bring your appetite because they bring you so much food. The price for the food isn't expensive either, and you will most likely leave the place with leftovers. I highly recommend this place to anyone that has a big appetite and would like to see some entertainment while they enjoy their meal.
5	Wowza! This place certainly knows how to cook some darn good eats! The night I came here I ordered the brisket which came out tender and delicious, along with a HEAPING side of garlic mashed potatoes and thankfully a small side of slaw. I hate coleslaw so I won't be a critic on it as I didn't eat it anyway. I sampled the Green Chili Mac & Cheese which was something different and spicy! Definitely comfort food for cool weather. Cody's uses Cruz tequila, a tequila I really enjoy for it's smoothness, in its margarita's. I love the margarita's! They have comedy nights on Wednesday and live music on the weekends that can span from Jazz to Country, to modern Top 40. The best part is, it's all free while you dine. I'm so eating here again. Don't forget the chocolate cake. TO DIE FOR!
1	Don't waste your time. Sat and waited over twenty minutes just get a menu. Then was told that I needed to move to different table after they sat since some other customers wanted our table. It just went downhill from there. Much better places in cavecreek.
4	This is a cool place to relax on the patio upstairs, and they always have GREAT music. Chuck Hall on Thursdays and one and two piece groups other nights - sweet. The bbq aint bad (nice sauce), the salmon has been good and the drinks nice. Great burgers. Not a fan of the small tacos but everyting is good. The upsairs is best with open air and fun times even though the downstairs is nice it looks more like something out of Dungeons and Dragons. Go, relax and enjoy.
4	this was my second visit here, and the pulled pork is out of this world.  Our ever so friendly waiter suggested we try it with their home made cole slaw on top and brought us a complimentary side dish.  It was FABULOUS!  Really looking forward to going again!
