3	One of the three stores located in the City and I think it's the biggest. I had a really good smoothie here although I was not all that keen on the watery cappuccino I had. It's a good place to bring laptops, as the tables are a convenient height and the window stools are ideal to people watch as well as work. However, I do not know If I was that a fan of the Native American theme going on- didn't really fit in with the surrounding as such, and they have a system of ordering where they call out (more like yell out) your order when it's done(somewhat like Starbucks) but the lady serving me seemed to be in a particularly bad mood and more like screamed out my order after I failed to realise the first time it was called that it was ready. This explained the luke warm coffee and almost cold panini.Other than the keen ear you need, overall this was a good little spot for a cafe and has great smoothies!
5	It's exceptionally rare these days to find yourself with change from a fiver after splashing out on tea, a smoothie and a cookie, and even rarer to do so in the middle of a busy city centre. Due to the barg I received in here earlier, I can testify that it's at least possible.The smoothie was an absolute cracker as well, and while I wasn't quite too sure about the blaring music, voodoo style decor, or annoying people sitting next to us, I did leave here feeling that I'd quite enjoyed the experience. I expect I'll nip back in for a smoothie before too long.Special mention must go to the staff. A young guy here showed a level of enthusiasm and enjoyment for his job I've not seen in a while, including singing along at full voice to one of Wyclef Jean's many poor efforts. Either he's buzzing off all that coffee, or he's dipping that cash register, I know what would make me happier.Anyway, the general enthusiasm made the place all the more memorable, and we got a "live long and prosper" Star Trek hand signal as we left, and thus Black Medicine got it's fifth star.
4	Black Medicine certainly works its black magic on you.It's got a lovely free and easy vibe, tasty, healthy food, and is one of the edgier coffee shops I've seen in Edinburgh.They offer the usual Mediterranean style of panini and melt for a really good price. For a fiver you can get a delicious hot chocolate (with marshmallows splashed in for good measure), a melt and a muffin all for a fiver. I went for the chorizo and pepper melt which was magnifique! Zesty without being too spicy. So the food is similar to other menu offerings you'll get from coffee shops, but it's done really well! What really sells Black Medicine to me is its style. I liked the darkened atmosphere, with the irregularly shaped tables and old brick wall exposed at the back of the shop. The staff are super laid back (it's the kind of place everyone talks about going travelling, especially customers), and they seem to genuinely enjoy their job. The music was kicked back Spanish acoustic and it was a great place to sit and read my book in peace for a while.I like how quirky and free spirited this place is. It transported me out of Scotland for a while, which refreshed my tired mood. But beside from attracting the young dudes for its cool quirks, there were families and businessmen also dining when I was here, showing that it's appealing to lots of groups and of a high standard. It seems to turn over a lot of business which is even more proof (like I need it) that this is without a doubt one of Edionburgh's best coffee shops. I'd recommend you visit it once - and while you're there, check out the old medicinal bottles and book exchange scheme they've got going on! Love.
4	Black Medicine is one of those cool, trendy places that I always feel a bit guilty for being in - I'm not very cool you see.The thick, wooden benches and chic pedestal-tables kind of summarize the style of this coffee shop - organically chic. However I was surprised at the price, where some things are really cheap (black coffee, tea, hot chocolate), any deviation of that is quite expensive.overall it's a really nice, relaxing place. It has been a bit if a victim of its own success, however, as it can get uncomfortably busy. They have free wifi too, so it's impossible to get one of the window seats - but when you do it's bliss
3	Although I like some of the other Black Medicines across the city - this has to be my least favourate.Its just a bit too big, a bit to loud and a bit too busy. Yes, the same satndard of food and drink is there as the other stores, but frankly - I would try my hardest not to come in here if i could help it. I mean, yeah - it has its bonuses, like being so close to uni and serving damn good soups, but I just dont think I can put up with the other stuff.Much rather go to the one in Marchmont.
4	I have friends who love this place more than life itself! and, to an extent, I can understand their enthusiasm.  Without a doubt the place is cool with Aboriginal and Native American-style carved benches to sit on and artwork to admire.  Further, it definitely provides value for money with multiple deals on hot drinks, cakes, paninis and soups.  I've spent entire afternoons just lazing around in Black Medicine with occasionally wandering up to the counter for yet another cookie (of varying flavours).My one criticism of the coffee shop, however, is that it can get uncomfortably crowded to the point where you can barely hear people speak.  This is accentuated by it having two entrances as some people seem to just drift in and chat with their mates before leaving again.  Black Medicine is definitely a place to come and enjoy some good food and a hot drink in a unique environment, just try and get there before everyone else does!
3	Although always unbearably packed during lunch and at the same time managing to carry a distinct air of pretentiousness, there are some tasty eats and half decent drinks to be found here.The odd soup and sandwich deal with a fruit juice can be a satisfying snack for lunch but I would always prefer the Bruntsfield branch of Black Medicine over this one: it has much more character.
4	Black Medicine is still one of my favourite coffee shops in Newington.  It has that classy coffee shop atmosphere that I tend to find is lacking in coffee chains like Costa or Starbucks.  I love the chunky wooden furniture: much more unique than filling it with a load of tables that could quite easily have come from a page of the IKEA catalogue.  I have sampled their cake and their smoothies, and I hold both in high regard.  Cake always gets me excited (I have a sweet tooth, and a meat tooth for that matter), and theirs was worth the purchase.Compared to their Marchmont branch, this is definitely the busier, but this is not surprising the prominent location on the corner of Drummond Street.  You'll almost certainly find a group of students in here during term time.Great food and drink, great atmosphere.  Black Medicine is well on the coffee shop map of Edinburgh.
5	For a couple of months, I called this place Black Magic and have a feeling that name will be stuck in my head for a while.This relaxed cafe is located just opposite the Old College on South Bridge and has a very rustic feel to both it's exterior and interior. Inside, the tables and chairs are made of what looks like hand carved wood, and the music frequently puts me in a bit of a happy stupor! I sometimes wish it were bigger, as it's sometimes difficult to find a place to sit in here! I'm a big fan of their menu, and have had some great paninis, smoked salmon bagels, and oreo smoothies during my lunch breaks. The staff are extremely friendly, especially an Australian guy with long hair who is probably the most laid back person I've ever come across!I've found Black Medicine to be a really comforting place, and I'd definitely recommend it!
5	Black Medicine Coffee Co is the kind of coffee shop I dream about opening one day.Seriously.It has rustic wooden tables and a beautiful counter that looks it was carved in a forest by a craftsman. There's big windows, incredibly  friendly staff and they usually have killer music playing. The first time I went they played Arab Strap and Lambchop and last time, the incredible Isobel Campbell and Mark Lanegan. (Listen and fall in love: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWeas2-n-HM)The thing that makes Black Medicine such a gem however, is their fine black medicine. The aroma hits you when you walk in and it tastes just as good as you're sipping it. We're talking rich and robust coffee with real depth and flavour. Make mine a double espresso, will ya?
4	I fondly refer to this place as the 'craic den'.  The coffee there is basically liquid crack, and it's a great place to meet up with people for some good chat.  I find myself there most days getting my fix and taking a break from the crazyness of life.  The wooden tables, chairs, etc, alongside their totem pole insignia remind me of coffee shops I would go to back in the west coast of Canada:  a little hippy, a little rustic.  The eclectic mix of staff adds to this feel.  They have a good selection of sandwiches and treats, and if you get there early enough have a cup of soup - cheap and delicious.They know how to steam milk properly for a great latte, and the music will always surprise you.  The only problem is that during term time it can get very full of students - but don't let that deter you.  Definitely a place to check out.
4	The best and most accurate description of coffee that I've heard in a long time, Black Medicine does what it says on the tin - and then some. An independent coffee house that is  well-established and successful in its own right against the bigger branded chains around.Organised chaos, if chaos means "awesome". With a rock-version of "Mrs Robinson" blasting at just one notch higher than normal through the stereos, a cafe full of chatting customers, the familiar whizz of a coffee grinder, and a barrista that looks like a ninja (long hair, bandana, and who stopped three times to hug his co-barrista in a touching display of bromance) it has a character all of its own.The interior is lush in a bizarrely bohemian way. The tables are large hunks of wood, as are the benches. It looks like the inside of an imitation log-cabin in North America, complete with Totem pole. It somehow manages to be both cosy and cavernous at the same time. There's plenty of seats, from big benches that seat 6 to intimate tables for 2. You'd expect it to smell a bit smoky and woody, and perhaps have an authentic Canadian lumberjack sitting up the back (the real kind, not the Monty Pithon kind.)They've got all on offer you'd expect from a coffee house. Teas, coffees, a chalk board with the latest smoothie flavours some of which sound most delectable. So whether you're in need of the hard-hitting black medicine straight to the veins, or a vitamin blast with added ginger and honey smoothie, some munch, tea, or milkshakes, you'll find it here.I got a take-out americano, and it was sufficiently coffeeish. I wouldn't say it was exceptional, but it was nice. I think instead the appeal of Black Medicine is its character. It's a trendster hotspot, from solo students with their apple macs finishing their essays, to larger groups of girls catching up and getting a break from the current trend of lace doilies, china tea cups and scones. Black MEdicine is far more meaty.NExt time I'm going to bring my own laptop or a book, order to sit in and soak up the atmosphere. Whatever your ailment, Black Medicine will more than likely have the cure.
5	I'm bumping this one up to a sexy five stars as I am totally digging, well, everything about it.The atmosphere is buzzing. Everyone behind the bar is chirpy, cool, a bit offbeat, but in an awesome way. I salute you guys.The food all looks amazing. A lot of coffee shops will provide sandwiches as it's expected, but these guys look like they care about the sandwiches, y'know? And the cakes. And the scones. And the soups.Inside there's plenty of room to sit, and I love the decor. Like a North American smoking lodge, complete with totem poles, wooden carvings, the majority of seats are roughly carved wooden benches. Despite being big and airy inside, all the little seating bits feel intimate too.The coffee itself - damned good. The tea comes in a pot which is nice, as again sometimes coffee houses only do one cup of tea. Two in a pot pleases me greatly. AND as the cherry on the cake, or rather biscuit on the side, they give youa  Maryland style chocolate chip cookie on the side of every hot drink. Amazing.They've also got free wi-fi (woo hoo!)Really, what else do you need?Oh and blastin' tunes on the stereo.
2	Ambience great. Coffee ok. Service below par. That's me in there now 3 times this past week and not a smile or hello from anyone working there. One more try and then I'm moving on if no change...
4	Loving the wood but hotter coffee please! The choc chip cookie a nice free saucer filler.
3	Quirky interior, clearly popular and possibly the best priced pot of tea in town. Could maybe do with opening past 18:00.
3	I haven't been disappointed with the coffee or snacks, though don't go in expecting much beyond croissants, cookies, muffins etc. This particular Black Medicine is very heavily student populated, due to its location by the Uni. If this drives you crazy, go to the one over in Marchmont which feels a bit more neighborhood-y and not so co-ed. A good place to have a meeting or do some work, again, if you don't mind the student feel.
4	Cute, cosy interior featuring lots and lots of wood? Check.Friendly, efficient staff behind the counter? Check.Satisfying, affordable pesto sandwich? Check.Simple, refreshing fruit smoothie? Check.Free, functional wi-fi? Um... not check.Someone hit the ABORT button on this mission!Okay. Teaser of an open wi-fi signal that doesn't actually connect aside, Black Medicine's a pretty slammin' little spot to seek refuge from the Edinburgh climate, grab a cup of java, and catch up with a friend or colleague. Just don't plan on doing any work here if you require access to the internets...
5	What a lovely spot to curl up with a cup of hot tea (or the titular black medicine if that's more your style) to escape the Edinburgh rains. The atmosphere and decor is just amazing. It's a bit like your rich uncle's hunting lodge, minus the animal head trophies - all blonde woods, cozy window seats, tiny tables tucked into alcoves where you could catch up with your mates or read the paper on your lonesome. There's free wi-fi and a great tea selection - and a little biscuit with every cuppa! Love it.
4	Insanely busy place, but I think they deserve it. Had a lovely wee cuppa (ever had coconut syrup in your coffee? Me neither til I spied it on the shelves here - it's interestingly delicious!) latte while I waited for my family to arrive for a birthday meal. Loved the decor, the wooden furniture. Had I had the cash on me, a clock may have accidentally been purchased while whiling away the time here. Only problem was how busy the place was - people pushing everywhere. Somehow it doesn't seem to matter if a person is wearing a rucksack, and rests it against you (seriously, I can TELL when I'm hitting someone with my bag, why can't you, you ignoramous?!), or to push past you as if you are invisible (apparently saying excust me only needs to be said it you are cutting in front rather than just barging past, I didn't realise there was a difference...). Where did courtesy and manners disappear to? I probably wouldn't come back when it was crowded, but it is a pleasant place to visit and surprisingly more places more to sit down than what it looks like upon first arrival.
4	Love the vibe, love the drinks, love the cookies. It has a very distinctive feel, and though i visited mid Festival last week and it was really crowded, still managed to grab a corner of a table.The coffee is strong, and provides a great pick me up, but my favourite treat here is an Oreo cookie shake.Great for a rainy day, I think this place really come onto its own in the winter time. the other two branches are always quieter, but this one being th most centrally located is the one I usually end up in.Staff are friendly, efficient, and relaxed-keep it up. Nor is this place overpriced. Definitely recomended,.
5	I don't like to review places that I haven't been to at least twice. Suffice to say, I've lived here for... maybe 7 days and I've been to this place 10 times. I'm an expert at this place. The adorable size of the small take away cup does it for me every time. The latte brings me massive amounts of joy, and here's my favorite part, they serve it at a perfect something degrees fahrenheit (i'm not there yet with the celcius). YOU DON'T HAVE TO WAIT FOR IT TO COOL OFF. No, really. YOU CAN JUST DRINK YOUR COFFEE. I'm pretty sure that officially I have taken 3 years off my life waiting for my coffee to cool down. Nevermind the amount of ruined coffee when you're waiting for it, then forget about it, then don't want it anymore because it's cold and it's shit. Other than that, the tables are so cool. The vibe is old fashioned mixed with - here, come plug in your macbook and use our wi-fi. The coffee is delicious, just the right amount of strong, but not too strong (sorry strong coffee drinkers, I love me some Costa Rican). And I'm happy. I have coffee. I have veggie panini. I have indie rock. I have accents all over. I have scones! What more could I ask for?
1	Given the overwhelmingly good experiences that Yelpers have had at this cafe, I was very surprised with my experience here.It's not often that I go to a cafe and sincerely dislike the place. It happened this time around. Well, what was so incredibly unforgivably wrong, you might ask?I ordered a cappuccino. There was NO COFFEE in it. Okay, you might say perhaps the staff made a mistake, forgot the shot of espresso in the off-tasting screeching hot milk (with skin on it). Could be. Either way, the staff was, unfortunately, too stoned to pay attention to me, or they were too busy with foreplay outside while smoking a cigarette.Am I a wee bit bitter about this? You bet I am. When I order a cappuccino, I don't think it's too much effort to be spoken to without staring over my left shoulder, and I want there to be coffee in it. If you forget, correct your mistake, don't let the customer down.I will not, ever, go back here again. Ugh.
5	I have always gone past this place on the bus out to my sisters and thought..... i TOTALLY want to go there! So, now that I have moved to Edinburgh and am enjoying my lovely spare time as a student I have got back to my favourite past time of drinking lots of coffee, and I am fussy!!I love the feel of this place when you go in, it is like nothing I have been to before, all the wooden furniture and hand written boards made me excited for ordering! So I had my usual, a large cappuccino. I have also discovered lately I can't not have coffee without some sort of cake, so I went 'kinda healthy-ish' and an oat and raisin cookie.I loved how when you order they have much the same set-up as any bland coffee chain, of shouting your order when it is ready, but here they ask your name and shout you over, I think that is a great touch. Verdict- Coffee, delicious, and hot. I usually find it's never hot enough! And the cookie was the much needed sugar boost I needed for the rest of the day. Needless to say I will be returning and hopefully trying some 'proper lunch' as it all sounded lovely. Total thumbs up for this joint.
5	Black Medicine oh how I waxed lyrical about your coffee on my first visit....... and I stick by this 100%!I have returned twice, once for coffee and a custard danish pastry, which was good, just what I was after. Second time for coffee and a quick panini -something with chorizo and cheese? I can't quite remember!? It was tasty but the only issues I had were that it was maybe a little bit on the small side, it also didn't come with any sides, like a wee bit of salad, or some crisps so I was left still a little peckish. Other than that I could still sit in here for hours happily, next target on the menu - smoothies!
5	This is a call to arms about the staff here. It's illegal how much I like coming here because of you lot. Food and coffee can be got most places... but the staff here make me feel like... "I AM the mutherf*ckin' Duchess of this place"As I sit here in Black Medicine typing my Applied Linguistics research paper on the Middle Class' perception of Working Class values and sip my 2 pound 50 latte and check my smartphone periodically (like the obnoxious middle class coffee snob that I am)...I hear Aussie accents in the background shouting names and coffee orders. I see Aussie employees enjoying the atmosphere that they usually create while on their day off. I sit on a very cool and wooden (yet totally uncomfortable) seat in the corner. I smell spicy Sweet Potato/Butternut Squash soup. I hear the staff chatting to their customers, most of the time recognizing them, sometimes even by name. I hear The Kinks playing (and then a little bit of terrible soft rock, but The Kinks first). And I love it.
4	One visit only so far, but it impressed me enough to remind me to get the words up while I'm on here, so it must have been good.It's a tricky mission sometimes, although it really shouldn't be when you've been living in a city for the majority of your life. You want a decent coffee, in a chilled out environment that doesn't feel clinical, over produced or...chain-orientated, really. I realise there is more than one Black Medicine in Edinburgh, and I have nothing against certain chains, but I guess it just depends on what you find attractive in a coffee shop, and Black Medicine covers my preferred caffeine concocted qualities.I liked the barista lady's laidback chit-chat, and the fact they were totally cool with me ordering my coffee, daydreaming for a while because I'd forgotten where I was and what I was doing, then realising I needed to get money out and having to run to the nearest cash point to do so. They took this annoying, holding up of the coffee queue act very well, and seemed to let me back in the door quite happily, so I presume I will be able to make a return visit. Black Medicine absolutely feels the way a coffee shop should feel. The mixed crowd of students, young pros, and people in neither category just wanting a seat and a good, hot beverage give the place a friendly, cosy-into-your-seat feel, and the coffee rocks. It's also very conveniently located with a decent amount of seating, which I presume can lead to really busy periods, but the Wednesday evening I chose to attend was fairly quiet, making space finding easy and literature reading a joy.
4	Interesting spot. Came here twice as two of the other coffee spots we wanted to try were closed for the new year. My coffee snob friend said his Americano was 'ok, but had too much water in it.' My smoothie was good, but about standard for a smoothie, I'd say (mango and coconut). The decor is nice (like... American northwest chic?), but sometimes it was quite busy and hard to find a seat.I also had a mocha, which was quite tasty, but nothing to write home (or yelp) about. All in all, a solid local coffee spot, and one NOT overrun by Harry Potter fans...Oh, the brownies and lemon drizzle cake were really nice.
4	Black Medicine's claim to fame is that J.K. Rowling wrote a few chapters of the first Harry Potter book on the first floor of a former cafe that used to be here. The current coffee shop has a very warm, rustic feel with a rock-patterned wall and tables modeled after fallen trees. The coffee smelled and looked wonderful, but we settled on trying a smoothie. The casual atmosphere is great for just hanging out and catching your breath on an otherwise busy and tiring day.
4	Coffee is solid, they have Wifi and if you get there at the right time of day it's actually not that busy! Great stuff.However - it's pretty noisy and I don't like the chairs. However - the food is awesome and it's reasonably priced for the location.AndIt's near my work - so 4 stars.You now also get a free piece of fruit or a tunnocks wafer with every large take away coffee. This is an excellent pick me up in the morning time.
3	Good coffee, nice wooden vibe, but whoa, the volume! The combination of deliveries, staff and a few early morning students was quite a jolt with which to start the day. Yeah, it's a noisy, busy part of town, always bustling - but this is a caffeine den, not a peaceful bolt hole - just to let you know. Enjoyed the free wi-fi, though my clothes smelt overwhelmingly of cooking for the rest of the day after just a morning coffee.Good for a strong coffee hit if you're in the area - you'll be lucky to get a seat, though, as it's really, really popular.
5	I needed coffee. They had coffee. I went inside. There was a queue.But I didn't even care. It smelled divine and it was cozy and comfortable. The sandwiches and pastries were more than enough to drool over while I waited. The smoothies were great. I wish more than anything that I lived down the street from this coffee shop. But I don't. Sad times.
3	Im being terribly critical of this of this coffee establishment. The coffee, pastires and service is overallgood! , however a few things let it down for me. Firstly its nearly always full of students, they must have free wi- fi and its often very difficult to grab a seat with so many students and laptops!!, secondlyits always is very busy , cramped and occasionally i have found myself a little impatient waiting tobe served by the barista. Nice inside but i think their are much better coffee places out there!!
4	I had heard a lot of very good things about here and visited for the first time today. It was pretty busy but I managed to find a wee seat with plenty of space for my laptop and books as I had a bit of work to do for uni.The cappuccino I had was perfect, quite strong (just how I like it) and had a beautiful wee design on the top which I'm not going to lie, greatly impressed me! It also came with a free wee biscuit on the side which certainly made me smile!I also, after much debate, had a chocolate muffin which was delicious and even slightly warm when I got it! There were plenty of other wonderful looking items that I am definitely going to have to come back to explore!The place had a nice atmosphere and the staff were all really upbeat and friendly! They have free wifi, which is always a bonus!It is pretty noisy in there though, which may not bother some people, but can be a bit distracting sometimes. The chairs also weren't the comfiest, but this wasn't enough to stop me stopping there a good wee while! It was pretty busy and I saw a few people coming in and having to leave because there weren't any seats left, so do be aware it can get quite crowded and you may have to wait a wee while for your drink.Everything was reasonably priced though and there was quite a few things that looked pretty tasty, so I am definitely going to have to go back some time to try out some more of their food and drink!
3	I'm quite surprised about all the rave reviews of this place...The interior design is amazing, so much wood, native american design fused with strong bold statements. I would like my living room to look like this. It makes me want to love this place.I once had a scone here, which was obviously not so fresh, but warmed up to give me that illusion. It had a really weird aftertaste, and was not at all up to Edinburgh scone standards. Edinburgh offers some pretty good scones, believe me. The coffee here is quite grainy, if not diluted, if not lukewarm. I was so disappointed by the baked goods and coffee here. This probably wouldn't be such a negative point in a smaller town, but unfortunately black medicine is surrounded by places which do the same job so much better: brew lab, the dovecot cafe, Kilimanjaro coffee.On top of that, I have had quite a few problems with the staff here, encountering what seems to be an intended coolness, but comes across as arrogance. Often it feels like they don't care what you have to say, which is fine, but they shouldn't let you feel like that.On a plus, they have wi fi, and I once got a roast vegetable and goats cheese bagel here which was delicious. They certainly have a large amount of regular customers, so they must be doing something right (maybe people come for the hot food and the lovely decor?).
3	I went to Black Medicine for the first time this week, despite it being on my to do list for quite some time. The coffee (I had a flat white) was fantastic but I just didn't find the atmosphere is quite to my taste. I don't know if it was because I was sitting at the back but the music was just a fraction too loud (I sound so old!). It had tipped over from being good to listen to and instead was pushing for my attention constantly. I also don't like that you have to go up to get your coffee like it's a Starbucks. But the staff seemed friendly and the coffee really was nice.
2	Walked in mid-afternoon on a weekday and waited pretty much 20 minutes for an Americano to take away. That's too long. Nice-looking space with the usual assortment of hipsters perched in front of lap tops. Don't think I'll bother to try it again. I hate waiting that long for anything.
4	Quick synopsis: If you want a really nice and comfortable cafe with good espresso, check out Black Medicine. If you want really good coffee (in general, including espresson), though, head less than a block west to Brew Lab. The staff at Black Medicine are incredibly nice and very helpful. They also have delicious sweets (the rocky road bars are excellent). The atmosphere is warm, inviting, and comfortable. In terms of coffee, though, they could be stronger. First off, I had an espresso and it was excellent. But I also wanted a regular coffee. Unfortunately, that isn't an option--the closest choice is an americano. I don't really like americanos, but that's not a big deal. I DO love cappuccinos, so I ordered one. It was good, but not great. Still, Black Medicine is well worth a visit. If you're in Old Town and looking for a place to get a good espresso and to take a load off, Black medicine is a great choice.
2	Got an Americano.  No comment.I'm giving an extra star for ambiance.
4	Had a delicious cup of hot chocolate after climbing Arthur's Seat. This is a chill, cozy, funky place.
3	Good coffee and tea. Good home made lemonade. Good Lemon Drizzle cake. Deservedly popular with students, I would go here again but at a time of day when students are still asleep as some of them showed their ignorance to both the staff and other customers. Drinks are decently priced, give it a go if you are in the Nicolson Street area
3	Try as I might, there's something about Black Medicine that just doesn't gel with me, and I don't know what it is.I really like the look of the place, with its carved driftwood-style furniture, the stripped stone walls, the window seats and the newspaper racks. The coffee is pretty good, although I think there are better options available these days since nearby Brew Lab opened up across the way, and maybe BM need to up their game a bit (but they did happily fill my Yelp flask!).They offer a goodly selection of tasty snacks, and although I used to struggle finding something that would suit my lactose-intolerant veggie tastes, the choices have improved recently in that department.It's got pretty much everything going for it, and I really want to like it more and give it more than 3 stars, and yet... and yet... I just find myself going elsewhere more often these days. I can't quite put my finger on why that is - maybe it's the feng-shui of the place or something?
1	The first time I went in to Black Medicine, I went in with a friend who was grabbing a coffee. Unfortunately, I could not find a bin before popping into the shop and had a Starbucks cup from earlier that morning. The waitress was furious at me for having a Starbucks cup on me and rather than taking my apology for not finding a proper bin to dispose of my cup and subsequent offer to buy a coffee there, she insisted on explaining to me angrily about how rude I was for daring to bring a Starbucks product into their cafe. The second time I went into Black Medicine I was in dire need of caffeine before a lecture. The barista seemed to have completely ignored my request to have my cappuccino takeaway and snapped at me for asking later on to put it in a takeaway cup. Overall, I was pretty let down. For a cappuccino that was purely milk foam and espresso, the hostile attitude did not do it any favours. I would not recommend this to anyone. Which is such a disappointment because I wanted to like it for the decor.
4	Hooray, downstairs is finally open!! The basement is quiet & cosy with ample seating. The bar isn't open down here yet so you wait for your drink before heading down but that's no biggie when the lattes are so fabulous!The chirpy staff are the icing on the carrot cake :-)
4	Great to see a coffee bar open so late on these dark nights!  At this time it's great to actually get a seat as I've often passed here and it's crammed.  Because I've already had huge amonts of Black coffee at another cafe previous to this visit i choose a ginger beer for my beverage.  It's definatley an off beat sort of place and has a certain buzzy atmosphere even at 6pm on a Friday night.  I've still to try a BM coffee so i will try and pop by when i'm next in the area!
2	As has been said, Black Medicine has a lot of elements which make up good things, but the sum total of the experience left me wanting.I've been in a couple of times in the past but yesterday was actually the first time recently and I decided to give it a review. When I arrived around 3pm it was heaving - full of, I'm assuming, Edinburgh Uni students who were looking for a warm, dry place to work and a steady supply of caffeine to keep them going. The decor is woody and interesting and it's actually much larger than you expect it to be. I feel like the back room hasn't always been there but I could be making that up.I was thirsty and wanted some tea to take away, but spotted a sign for hot lemon with honey and ginger which sounded like just the ticket. The queue was long but fast moving and soon I was placing my order. The board lists two sizes for the lemon, regular and large. I ordered a regular and was answered with a sharp and unfriendly "so you want a SMALL???" Um yes?  Just using the terminology on your sign.... While I waited for my drink at the bar, I observed a girl receiving a gorgeous looking coffee. When she didn't take it and step away from the bar, she was glared at by the barista until she explained that she was waiting for a second drink. The barista sighed audibly and moved the coffee to the side. So yeah, on encountering two members of staff there were two instances of rude behaviour. I get that it's busy and that customers can be REALLY annoying but come on guys, way to behave like stroppy teenagers. I received my lemon/honey/ginger drink and frankly it was just warm lemonade (the non-fizzy kind). If there was any ginger in it, I certainly couldn't taste it. It was sicky sweet due to the addition of honey into an already sweet drink (I was picturing just fresh lemon, honey, ginger and water) and did nothing to quench my thirst. So in the end, thanks but no thanks Black Medicine. IYou can keep your hot lemonade and your irritable staff. I'm definitely not going to go out of my way to visit here again.
