5	The only gripe I have is that it can be hard to find for someone who is eating there for the first time.  I've lived in Ahwatukee all my life so this is not a problem for me.The Original Burrito Co. is a great little mexican restaurant located in an otherwise forgettable strip mall (A liquor store and Gold's Gym being the anchors).  The food is priced well and you can easily feed two for under ten dollars.  The burritos themselves are generous in size and tasty, to boot.  I really like their green chile and carne asada offerings.The inside is very small, looking more like a take-out place than a real restaurant.  You can sit outside, however, and I would recommend this is the weather permits.There is no other place in the area I'd rather get a quick mexican meal, for sure.
3	Yes, its pretty descent Mexican food joint. However, i think recently it changed hands and quality went down. Food IS plentiful but unfortunately not all that exciting. Their Tamales were by far the bestest thing i had there.All in all, its not bad at all but do not expect anything special."Its alright"Eugene
3	the food is decent and fairly cheap. The only complaints I have about it is the place is pretty small and can get crowded, they don't serve liquor (eh, but there is a liquor store next door, so I can eat and then get a beer, but sometimes it's nice to have a margarita with your burro) and not always, but sometimes one particular lady that works there can be kind of rude and can mess up your order. Though I do enjoy their food and it's within walking distance of my residence.
4	This 'company' serves burritos, cheap tortilla chips, with a butt-kickin' salsa bar. This is a lunch place in a low rent strip mall. I would only give this place 3 stars but their breakfast burritos are killer. Regardless of the time of day I usually get the chorizo, potato, and huevos burrito.
4	Mention The Burrito Co. to anyone who is from or lives in Ahwatukee and they know exactly what you are referring to. Now that's name recognition. Centrally situated between Tempe and the beginning of Ahwatukee, B-Co, as I like to call it, is a stone throw from the Elliot exit on I-10. I'm very accustomed to eating at Amados, so I'm very much an enthusiast of the cheap burrito. B-Co knows how to make a good burrito and charge just a hair more than the Mexican all-night quick stops like Amados.It's justifiable though considering you can eat on their private outdoor patio or inside where one has the luxury of a television and staff is okay if you change the channel to what you want to see. There are even customer bathrooms outside. The downside to B-Co is the hours of the restaurant. It does not open on Sundays and if you plan on grabbing a late night snack after the club, the restaurant will be closed.The Burrito Co. is also pretty skimpy on the amount of chips it gives out, which are by the way never greasy. Meals also take longer to cook than at Amados so you find yourself waiting around with your little number slip in hand moving strategically around the seating area trying not to get in people's way as they navigate the salsa bar or the fountain drink machine. Still, service always seems to be friendly and having a punch card means that your hundredth or so burrito is free. And free is good, even in Ahwatukee.
5	This is my favorite ahwatukee Restraunt! It's damn good. I've been coming here since I was a kid, and I've never even tried any of their plates! I only ever get a b-fast burro, #12 with guac! Their salsa is fantastic, I could eat it with a spoon!  (and I have...)Dfinately give this place a try! Mmm!
4	This place is really yummy! It is right across the street from work so I go here once or twice a week. They have really good breakfast burritos for around 3 bucks. They're pretty filling, so it is a great value. They also have good lunch burritos, also reasonably priced.The staff is always REALLY friendly. I usually pick up to go and it is pretty quick. You wait a bit longer during lunch rush, but it's definitely worth the wait!
5	Oh baby... oh, baby baby...The Original Burrito Co is 100% amazing. #12 breakfast burrito. The Veggie Mixito. The cheese quesedilla. The tostada.Oh, and how can you go wrong with a salsa bar?!? YUMMMM!I have an affinity for pay-at-the-counter mexican restaurants, and this one takes the cake.
4	I've been here a few times, alternating between tacos, barbacoa burritos, and the chimi.  They've all been fantastic, and the place is just a nice quality little mexican spot.  If you live near here or have the opportunity to stop in, it is probably one of the better places in Arizona.
4	I love this place!  The breakfast burrito is just what I need in the morning.  Call your order in and pick it up on the way to work or home.  The folks here are so nice, the food yummy and plentiful and the patio an added bonus.
4	You'd think it's hard to go wrong with a burro. Well, I've had my fair share of bad ones. But the chili rojo I got at the Original Burrito Co. was done right! Pork, rather than beef! Lots of it! Lots of the spicy sauce! Deliciousness abounds!Also, take a note from me and be sure to read before doing.Clearly, I don't pay attention as much as I should, but.......When I see a bar of salsa, my first instinct is to run...toward it. Then of course I realize that there are only paper cups without lids to put said salsas and pico in. When you've got an order to-go, this could be tricky. Then you might notice the sign that says that salsa comes prepackaged with your to-go meal. I am such a ditz sometimes.Anyway, after a few mix-ups, and me being a nervous and easily embarrassed person, we finally got home with the goods. And like I already said, everything was pretty solid. The salsa was nice and spicy with good flavor, although I thought the tomatoes in the pico were a little mushy. The tostadas looked pretty nice, too.The menu was also pretty expansive, and I'm sure any of their burritos, platters, or tacos are excellent.
4	Oh yeah.. best little mexican place in these parts.  Breakfast burrito's ROCK!!Very friendly staff, seems like family owned because I always see the same two ladies working.  Their salsa is so good too, and you get a little salsa bar to play in too.  And they've got the best horchata I've ever tasted, but I'm a white guy so why listen to me... go try it yourself :)Hard to see also but they have a back patio that could be good for small to medium sized groups.Fail comes in when I want food on Sunday... no dice, closed on sundays...
4	Thank you Yelp reviews!  I would have never given this place a glance set back in the corner of a strip center - what a find!  It's a regular lunch stop now - I'll never be able to enjoy Chipotle again!Excellent burritos at an equally excellent price - I'm working my way through the menu.  Everyone that works there is very nice, salsas are excellent, and a great patio to sit outside and not feel like your in a parking lot.
3	To me, this place is almost like an upscale filibertos. It has a real quaint and nice home style environment that's very inviting. But sadly it stops about there. I tried one of the breakfast burritos because everyone else rants about them and to be honest it couldn't shake a stick at one from filibertos. The overall burrito was somewhat small and the potatoes were simply mushy, not really holding any form. I wasn't really pleased by my experience but I decided to try it another day (chips and salsa are chips and salsa, can't really mess that up)About a week later I went back for a three rolled taco combo. Surprisingly, they managed to take the deep frying step and double the length of it I assume, leaving them in too long. I was at the end of the lunch rush is that helped any. What should have been crispy/soft rolled tacos turned into thick tough chips filled with meat.  I was too disappointed and just ready to wash my hands clean of the place so I didn't raise a fuss. All in all, it's a personalized filibertos that offers chips and salsa with most meals. I'm not sure if it's supposed to be healthy mexican food but either way it wasn't that tasty for me. I'm glad the rest of you had good experiences.
4	I used to stop here for breakfast burritos on my way to work all the time (the #12 veggie), but now that I'm laid off, no more burritos for me.  I've had most things on their menu, the fish burritos are really good if you eat them right away while the fish is still crisp and as for everything else, it's all good, but my heart belongs to Filibertos.  I like everything here, but I like it better at Filibertos.  Since there isn't one around and if you're near the Original Burrito Company, stop here, you won't be disappointed.
2	Dirty floor, filthy salsa bar, gastly restrooms.  I'm thinking this place is over due for an inspection *nudge *nudgeLook past all that, get your food and it was so-so.  I was over expecting due to the extreme yelps.  To each there own right, maybe it was just hard to enjoy the meal with all the screaming kids & parents that hardly noticed.  Or the messy setting.  We'll never know.
1	Seriously this is possibly the worst breakfast burrito I have ever had! I ordered a breakfast burrito to go and when I asked for extra hot sauce I got a huge attitude but, that aside I was excited to try it out. It looked like it would be pretty authentic . I came in and cut it in half only to discover mashed potatoes drenched in butter, the egg didn't look like egg and the salsa was horrible. Maybe that's not there specialty but, I'm not going to go back. I had to toss my burrito!
4	As Mayor on @foursquare, I'm obligated to review this place. Favorite is the Veggie Mixto burrito. I add pico and green salsa and salt to the inside though, as I think they're salsas are bland.
4	It's a dive and it has delicious food. I go almost weekly. If it was cleaner it would definitely merit five stars.I love the 36. Love it.
4	I've eaten here a few times and have always enjoyed the food, which is a lot more authentic and flavorful than your typical Mexican restaurant. The burritos are great as well as other items on their menu. Their salsa bar is fresh and flavorful. I don't think you can go wrong with anything you order on the menu.  The Original Burrito Company is in a strip mall, but don't let that deter you. The food is served in red plastic baskets and the cleanliness is about what you might expect, verifying its authenticity. Still, the price is very right for the meal. The employees are all really cool too. This is a local favorite for Ahwatukee. But if you are expecting a bombshell, you may be disappointed. The Original Burrito Company is good and reliable. You can't go wrong with it.
4	If you consider yourself familiar with the Tukee area... than you KNOW about the Original Burrito Co. Mainly I tend to go in the morning for one of their delicious breakfast burritos! Along with the burrito you get a small bag of chips and salsa... for breakfast you ask?! You betcha!! mmm mmm mmm. It does, tend to get pretty busy, so sometimes I call in an order ahead of time and pick it up to carry out. In response to Abe S's previous review, they are indeed moving to the formally occupied KFC. Mr. Delacruz, the owner seems to view this as an opportunity to expand and perhaps open a drive thru! YAY! I'm all for the drive thru expansion! Apparently "spring" is when all the major changes are happening... Don't forget your student ID, 10% off!
4	I like this place.  Don't come expecting like Filiberto's or an authentic Mexican place.  Instead think of this as a mix in between Baja Fresh and Filiberto's.  The owners and cook make their meat as authentic and Mexican as they can, but they would make very interesting  creations, in addition to the regular beef burrito. Its like what Pita Jungle did with Gyros and Arabic food.  This is their more modern and adventurous take on good Mexican food.  Its a pretty well kept secret because I see the crowd that comes here are people who live around this place who comes in after a run or hike, and people who drive around for work kind, delivery guys, AAA vehicle guys, construction vehicles.  I don't think they use Yelp thus, only 2 reviews so far.Check it out, you will be pleasantly suprised.
4	I like two kinds of breakfast burritos, depending on which mood i'm in: 1) A burrito loaded with spicy meat, peppers, cheese, potatoes, eggs, everything! Usually doubles as lunch. Usually hurts afterwards. 2) A super breakfast-y eggy, cheesy burrito with a decent yet not overwhelming amount of meat, and a more stomach-friendly amount of spice.Burrito Company is the latter, and they do that type of burrito well! I like  to order the egg, bacon, and cheese, then add in as much salsa as I'm feeling like. The salsa here is thin but full of flavor, and also cilantro. It will clear your sinuses but not burn your mouth. The chorizo is also yummy, but the orange grease isn't all that appealing. Aside from breakfast, the food is good but not authentic. Think Filibertos but not as greasy and no russian-roulette food poisoning games. The Super Nachos are loaded with cheese, salsa, guac, and sour cream and will be appreciated by nacho lovers everywhere. The box it comes in weighs over a pound. The quesadillas are made on the giant tortillas folded over and over. Tasty and almost sure to induce a Mexifood-nap. Burrito Company is worth a visit for a breakfast burrito, and is one of the most well-known spots in the area- it is one of the oldest businesses in the strip mall in which it resides. Stop by, support a local business, and enjoy the food!
4	The Original Burrito Co. is quickly becoming my favorite burrito place. The owner came to eat at the restaurant I work at and she told me to come by and try this place out and being a huge fan of Mexican food I had to go. The burritos are really huge and really well priced. I love the California burrito with Chicken, add guacamole. The chicken is so moist and tender. I have tried the carne asada as well, but when I got it it was full of cilantro and jalapenos, which were just overbearing, but I'm thinking it could have been a bad day and will have to try it again. Downside for me would be that the salsa is not spicy at all. It tastes very good, but I am a huge fan of spicy, especially on Mexican food, and its a bummer for me when a place does not offer a very spicy salsa.
5	Fantastic place! Salsa made fresh everyday! My parents have been coming here since they opened over 25 years ago before I was even born. And my husband, who is of Mexican descent, also loves this place. Must go if u love great Mexican food!
4	It was minutes before a long flight, and I was quite mad at the airline, I figured what better way to get even than the aromas and after effects of a huge burrito!I was surprised how busy this little store front was on a Saturday at 7. It is not fancy, it is a step above your average berto/beto experience. There is a large menu on the wall that takes a bit of time to get a handle on. there is indoor and a large patio for seating. I went with the fish burrito that some of my fan boyrito friends suggested.  less than $5My burrito came the tortilla was soft yet had a nice crust from grilling, the burrito had a sufficient amount of fried fish, lettuce and the fresh taste from peppers and onions. It came with some nice thinker chips. There is a salsa bar with some great salsa to compliment the chips but to my chagrin no drinkable picante style sauces.Also note they are moving soon to a remodeled KFC in the same complex so the patio arrangement may change.There was quite a wait conciderign the natrue of this plaace,
5	Good food even better service...the people there are very nice and the price is more than fare especially for the portion size...LOVE THEM!!!
2	Food was marginal. I had a chicken taco plate and burrito that was flavorful and could have been worth the very long wait if their wasn't better available nearby. Nothing special here folks. Glad we didnt move to Ahwatukee for the food.
4	The new digs look pretty nice and are somewhat of an improvement over the old spot.  When I say 'somewhat', what I'm alluding to is that there is often a certain charm that remains in the details of any original establishment. In this case, the little patio area with the fountain is no more.  But on the whole, it's a step up.Chorizo, chorizo, chorizo.  Somebody in the talk forum started a thread about chorizo and another yelper mentioned The Original Burrito Co as having the goods.  I had to find out.The verdict: it's good and I like it.  Their chorizo is about what you expect when you close your eyes and conceptualize what chorizo is supposed to taste like.  It has a subtle spiciness but is not too vinegary or salty.  When folded into eggs dashed with papas everything works together in a complimentary cloud of Sonoran awesomeness rolled into a tortilla.  I had '#14:The combination - chorizo con huevos y papas'.  No regrets.Two salsas are available in the salsa bar, a red and green, along with sliced, pickled jalapenos.  I like the fact that they give you a small bag of chips with your order.I'm definitely coming back to try their red and green chile as they boast both of these entrees to be made with a New Mexican flair.  That could be a critical turning point in my criteria but I'll remain the optimist and base my return on the delicious breakfast burro I got here.
4	Had the California burrito with carnita meat, was a good meal. I would prefer to any other Mexican food the state of AZ.  has!!! Guess I like tex mex,cause the sinoran food here just sucks!!!
2	I usually love this place. Really good breakfast burritos and tacos. However today I found a short curly black hair nestled in my machaca burrito and had to throw it away immediately and now I feel ill. This really sucks since I liked this place a lot and its the closest burrito place but now I cannot eat there anymore. I did see someone not wearing a hairnet in the kitchen, please up your health standards.
1	Had The #62 Carne Asada Tacos. Ewww so freaky greasy, I picked it up and the tortilla fell apart from it being so soft from the grease. The rice had no flavor what so ever. The beans were ehh. The chips were flavorless. I don't know who is cooking this food but it's definitely not mexican food. NO BUENO!!!!
4	The Carne Asada Burrito was yummy. We also got some Rolled Beef Tacos as well. Food and service was good, the woman behind the counter was very courteous. The Salsa was just so-so. The Salsa Verde was very runny and not much kick. The Red Salsa was mild at best, with no option for Hot (only one flavor). They had lots of Jalapenos present, but that is a given. The new location seems to do much better for them.
2	Had a machaca burrito. Tasted like pot roast, the meat was dry and chewey. Salsa was nothing special. I guess they are known for the breakfast burritos so I might give em one more shot, but I say go right down the street to Los taquitos. Never been dissapointed there.
4	I used to go to this place ALL the time in high school. I would go there for lunch almost every other day, and grab burritos for myself and friends (about 20 burritos LOL). Back then it was great, and it was consistent. The thing that drove me nuts about this place was the salsa. Very cilantro-ish and it did a great job on your nasal cavity.Carne asada fries, egg potato cheese burrito, barbacoa burrito, and the carne asada burrito are all very good. My all-time favorite is the $18, eggs potato cheese. VERY GOOD. this is my standard for breakfast burritos everywhere else I go.The only reason I give this place a 4-star is because recently the salsa has been very inconsistent. One day I went and the salsa was extremely watery and gross. The chips are consistently gross, but what good is that without amazing salsa. They moved like 20 feet, and the new place is much nicer, but the food quality has gone down a bit. Last night my GF and I went close to closing time, and we didn't get very good food. The steak was more like barbacoa, and the potatoes were more like mashed potatoes (we got a steak potato cheese for my GF). Not very appealing.This place used to be a staple for me, and I wouldn't think twice about going there. But recently, I don't know what has happened. The old lady that works there is very nice, but I just don't know what is going on to what used to be my favorite non-chain mexican food place in phoenix.*sigh* I hope they find their consistency again. For a place to be 5-stars for me, it HAS to be consistent. Right now, its lacking.
1	Despite the fact that they tell you their beans are vegetarian, and put them in the vegetarian burrito, The Original Burrito Company makes their beans with CHICKEN STOCK. This is false information they are providing to people, and when people have moral issues with consuming meat, this turns into a huge issue.I will never eat here again. I do not support businesses that are dishonest.
3	Not bad, but I don't feel that they lived up to the reviews. Everything was fine....but not spectacular. I love salsa and they charge for extra "to go" salsa. :(
4	I've been coming here since I was a wee lad of about 10, and it's still one of my favorite places in town. The quality of the chips have gone down since they moved to a new building, but the burritos are still awesome. The only other bummer: don't have the free burrito punch cards anymore :(
1	Worst burritos I've ever had, not only was the service slow but the burrito had small ingredients mixed in that weren't even supposed to be there. I got a California burrito, asked for guacamole, which they did not include and tucked into the fold of the awful tortilla was fried egg...what the hell are these people doing?The whole thing was a runny mess of beans and almost no other ingredients. The cashier was extremely rude, the meat was sub-par and I'm pretty sure the chips were radioactive. All in all, I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone and if you're saying this is the best Mexican place you clearly haven't been anywhere other than Del Taco or some other crap fast food chain.
4	I am sorry Yelp, but Burritos are a food group! Especially for ME!I just starting working in the area and have been in search for a place for breakfast, lunch and good eats. So I went to my trusty Yelp app, and was not disappointed to find The Original Burrito Co.I have found my new Favorite Breakfast Burrito of all time! Number 12 Huevos Ala Mexicana: Eggs and some veggies and cheese. It is truly a well put together burrito, hits the spot every time. Don't forget the salsa! It is one of the top salsa's I have had!I have ordered a few more items off the menu and I have enjoyed them, but nothing as wonderful as the number 12!
2	I want to be impressed with this place.  I really do.  I will give it one more shot.I liked the flavor of the green chili, but as with most places there is always too much tortilla and not enough meat or insdies.  Its beans and rice people - fill it up.The Salsa offerings were okay.  I would have like my tortilla chips when I paid so I could dig in while waiting for my burrito.I like the decorations, it really fit the type of restaurant.Burrito Co, if you're reading this - more on the inside will give you less tortilla.  Or you could just rip us off and make the tortillas smaller.
3	Amazing number of burrito choices!  I had the green chili burrito (only $3.65!) which was standard chili sauce, with chunks of tender pork.  There wasn't a LOT of meat, but for $3.65, it was a nice value.I also had their Mexican Chicken Soup, which was fairly unique.. it was very flavorful, and included a generous amount of cheese, and crema fresca..  My parents had fish, and shrimp tacos.. those tacos are HUGE! heh. The staff didn't quite seem to be firing on all 8 cyls, and the dining room needed a serious sweeping/wipe down.  I guess they are in the process of adding a patio, and doing some remodeling, so that may have something to do with it.  Also, I was impressed with their tea selection.. two types of Tazo iced tea! :D Great place for a quick, inexpensive meal.
3	Writing review after three trips.  I love burritos, especially 'Breakfast' burritos.First visit, I had an Egg & Chorizo burrito.  It was pretty good.  My lady's was egg, potato & cheese filled.  I helped her finish hers and it was dynamite.Second visit, I ordered an egg, potato & cheese, myself.  Fantastic.  I knew it before but eggs, potatoes and cheese is what flour tortillas were made to be filled with.  The cheese they use isn't yellow, either.  (Yesss!)Third visit, bacon, egg and cheese and had them add potato.  I thought this was going to be the ultimate.  However, the bacon inside seemed to be the precooked, crumbled kind.  Not like Bac-O-Bits but like the stuff that was once freshly crisped bacon but has since been tossed in a bag and sent to store shelves, next to bologna.Honestly, the bacon thing isn't going to keep me away because the egg, potato & cheese burrito will keep me coming back.  Especially since there isn't a Federico's nearbyOh, yeah.  The chips suck and the salsa is not bad but not great and everything else I've read others say.
4	My lady and I went for dinner, last night.I ordered a Marco Polo which is an egg, rice, shredded beef or chicken (I got beef) & pico de gallo burrito.  It was awesome, really awesome.My lady ordered the Veggie Mixto which was beans, rice, sour cream, pico de gallo, lettuce & cheese. She loved hers, too.  "Forget Chipotle.", were her exact words.These burritos were so good that I'm bumping this place up a star despite that as of 04/01/11, you don't get chips with breakfast burritos, anymore.
3	Great food. I just with the drive through worked.
3	Where I work they have burrito Friday where they make a run here for breakfast so I have eaten many burritos from here... I always go with the #2 Green Chile (New Mexico green chilie with pork) or one of the breakfast burritos they tend to be on the dry side so always get a side of sour cream. It's a lot of food if you eat the whole thing it will be a gut bomb you will be full... I split one for the most part so I can still eat lunch.
3	The Burrito company has your standard Mexican fare. Although good, nothing really stands out as exceptional. The style is Sonoran.I ordered my favorite burrito, a carne asada. The burrito was a nice size and overall pretty good. Some of the meat was a bit chewy. One thing I wasn't a fan of was the pico being all on the bottom third of the burrito and not spread evenly throughout the burrito. Along with the burrito, I added the combo of rice and beans. The rice and beans I received seemed to be a bit small.Based on reviews, the breakfast burritos are the the real winner here. I plan to go back and put this to the test. I'm still searching for burritos that equal that of the Bay Area in the Phoenix area. Although the Burrito Company has good burritos, they still fall short of the standard I've had in California, but equal to what I'm used to in Phoenix.Overall 3.5 stars if I could.
5	Love this business family owned and operated. Love the new digs..although I did like the old place just as well. We get the LA POCHA enough for two...but I don't share : ) You can ask for the whole wheat tortilla to make you think your making a healthier option....but well worth every bite.
4	Great Burros, interesting creations and all at a good price.
4	The breakfast burritos here are amazing. I always get the #12 with potatoes. The only reason I don't give this place 5 stars is because they charge you extra to substitute things, charge for extra salsa, etc...otherwise, my co-workers and I love this restaurant.
4	I cruised to the Burrito Co. to try the breakfast burrito. I will have to say, the breakfast burrito is superior than the meat/bean burrito.The breakfast burritos are a nice size, fresh and tasty. I would like to see more meat. I ordered my burrito with sausage and probably received the about 2 links of sausage.The price is right, about $3.50 for the burrito.
1	Very slow.  You have to be willing to spend sometime to get your burrito and when I got home my order was wrong.  Don't ask for salsa to-go without expecting to pay for it.  Make sure to have sometime to spend if you intended to eat at the place as well.  I would go to Los Taquitos down the street, much better service and timely food.
4	So I've gota bad habit of ordering the same thing over and over. I broke that mold the other day and decided to get a green chilie burrito.NOT. DISAPPOINTED. DELICIOUS.Quite honestly, I don't know why there are so many negative reviews of this place. They are always friendly, always quick, and the food has always been good. Are people mad that they have to pick up their food at the window or something?I still love the salsa too.Looking forward to my next visit!
4	I had a delicious burrito. It had onions and tomatoes in it tho. dont care for those. but other than that :) yum. I remember it was #36 lol but not its name. california burrito or something. idk
4	I love this place. Every time I come here I get shredded beef chimi plate with fresh green chilis and green chili sauce. PERFECT. Even when we get to go it's still hot and crispy. My only compliant is they are stingy on there salsa. They make you pay extra for EVERYTHING. Some of there people are a little cranky too.....but the food is amazing!!!
4	LOVE their Salsa!LOVE their Tortillas!LOVE that it's both LOCAL and FAMILY OWNED!LOVE the GREAT PRICES!And, I LOVE the new location!Overall, YUMMY!
4	Bitchin place to refuel after shreddin Desert Classic. Salsa is holy grail material :)
3	This was my first time to The Burrito Company and it was pretty good. It is exactly what you expect it to be. A large restaurant that specializes in different burritos. They serve breakfast all day so I had the sausage, egg, and cheese burrito. I took the liberty of adding potatoes, tomatoes, and guacamole to it to dress it up. It was pretty delicious. My only issue is there wasn't as much meat in the burritos as I thought there should be. Other than that it was delicious. Bring your appetite because they are huge.
5	Burrito Company is one of me and my fiancee's favorite places in Ahwatukke. Especially now that they moved into a new, larger building, they are super fast and have delicious food! Something that sets them apart from other places is that they offer whole wheat tortillas, an option that I really like.  Everyone that works there is very friendly and we love that you can call in your orders for pick up! I would definitely recommend the Burrito Company and would also recommend that you try the #5 (carne asada burrito)!
5	Burrito Heaven. I'm really getting behind on my Yelping, but I had to at least get to my review for the Original Burrito Company.When I looked them up here on Yelp and saw slightly under four stars I was taken aback. Who could give a low rating to this place? Even if the Soup Nazi was the owner, the quality and quantity for the money should put it over four stars. I NEVER go to the same restaurant twice in two days, but yesterday and the day before I stopped here--the second day because I was just curious about the other stuff on their menu. I should mention I live about ten miles from here. It started on Monday when I was bringing my son back from the doctor near Ahwatukee. It occurred to me as we left that I had lived in Ahwatukee twice before (I'm now in Tempe) and never tried the Original Burrito Company. I decided to rectify the situation.I don't think this place is ever slow, but I caught them at a good time. There was no one in line in front of me, though the counter person was doing other stuff and took a couple of minutes to greet me--more on this later. I opted for the carne asada burrito. It arrived in a few minutes and it was AWESOME! When I think burritos I typically think FLATULENCE because 9 times out of 10 they are 50% beans at the very least. Here, with this particular burrito, they give you an option of either beans or guacamole. I went for guacamole and it came out to about 85% carne asada (yummy), 10% guacamole (good), and 5% salsa verde (excellent and spicy). This was $4.50 including chips. The next day my wife and I stopped by. I had the red chili burrito and my wife had the pollo con chili rojo y arroz. Mine was $3.65 and hers was $4.45, including chips, and both were awesome. Again, both were stuffed with the main ingredients and not a bunch of beans and other fillers. Somebody here mentioned that they are skimpy on the ingredients, but I have found the exact opposite to be true on my two visits. Maybe when that reviewer visited they were training a new employee. The only drawback that I can find is the service. It is not bad, but not super friendly or real attentive. No one greeted me when I walked in and both times it took the woman behind the counter a couple of minutes to say anything to me. But once she started taking my order all was well. For anyone wanting no-frills Mexican--burritos in particular--this place is Heaven.
4	Great breakfast burritos...
5	The shredded beef taco and all of the burritos are delicious.
5	This place was so cheap and so good. This is how you do it. step up to the counter order from the easy to read menu and pick up your food when its ready (chips & salsa included free). You can get your burrito Fried, Wet (enchilada style) or regular. I recommend the red chili sauce.  I will be back very often.
5	Best breakfast burritos hands down as well as tasty salsa to eat it with. I enjoy the egg, cheese, tomato, and union which you can substitute the flour tortilla for wheat.
4	My brother and I stopped here in the half an hour interim between his soccer practice and my school's musical. I had heard good things, but was a little wary about it. I was wrong to have avoided it!We walked in, and the menu was large and obvious right in front of us. My brother looked and looked for something he wanted, and finally settled on an option, but had originally had his heart set on a breakfast burrito. We got up to the register (no line, yay!) and I saw that they had breakfast burritos, but was unsure if they were still offering them at 6:30 PM. My brother asked (and he is very shy about asking people things, so he speaks quietly and a bit unsteadily) and the woman behind the register was incredibly patient and kind. He got his breakfast burrito (eggs and bacon and nothing else in a tortilla, and he absolutely loved it) and I got a BLT burrito (which sounds odd, but is fantastic. Bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, and mayo) and everything was great.Their seating area was cute, and had the patio not been under reconstruction, it would have been perfect to sit outside.Go to the Original Burrito Company, because the food is amazing and the staff are sweet. Hands down some of the best Mexican food I've had!
4	This is their new(er) location in the old KFC freestanding building, next door to their old location that got torn down and replaced with a Walgreens.Hadn't been here in 10+ years (had a bad experience; sometimes that all it takes for me to avoid a place...even though I pass by EVERY day and see the parking lot full of cars). Really glad I gave them another try because my Chicken Chimi was super-yummy, with melted cheese, a side of sour cream and tomatoes, as well as rice and beans. I also got a side of chips and guacamole. Good stuff. Good prices. Efficient service too (in other words, the cashier spoke English, rang me up (complete with special instructions) very quickly, and the order came out exactly as I intended. Yay!I'll definitely be back with my Mexican-food-loving-husband soon.
5	Really delicious breakfast burritos! They are true Mexican-style! I get the ham and egg breakfast burrito and it comes with cheese and a fresh tortilla. They are inexpensive and really big! I'm so glad I work a mile from this place! I go at least once a week!
5	LOVE their nachos and chicken rolled tacos! Awesome place!
4	Great place for a quick meal. Food and selection are excellent. New location is good but lacks the charm of the former digs they were forced to move from. Definitely a family centric business.
4	Love their tortillas. All around great Sonoran style eatery.  Best in this part of town.  Just wish they served cervazas!
2	Disappointed, had the shrimp burrito, lots of rice, very little shrimp.
4	This was my second visit to The Original Burrito Co. and it id not disappoint. I got the #40 which is a burrito with eggs, cilantro, shredded beef (or chicken) and rice. I also added guacamole because well, I love guacamole.The portion size was huge and it came with a side of chips which I didn't end up eating. My boyfriend also ordered some Carne Asada fries which were nothing special. They have a lot of choices which I usually don't like but when it comes to burritos I don't mind. When we went the first time around 12pm there was literally no where to sit, it was jammed packed. Today we went around 1:45pm and not to many people were there.
4	Love the fish tacos!  Had a chimi and it was really good, too.  Good prices and clean.
5	The BEST burritos I have EVER had!  Fresh tortillas, Mexican Coca Cola and hot HOT salsa! AWESOME!!!!
2	Meh. The place is good.  Their salsa is no good though and that is the main reason I never crave this place.  Their California burrito and breakfast burritos are good though.  I hardly crave or request this place but it's edible and I wouldn't turn it down if someone wanted to go there.  There's better is all.  Casual inside and you order at the counter.
4	LOVE this place. I live right around the corner, so I go here often. Their California burrito and carne asada fries are amazing. They put cottage cheese in their guacamole which sounds weird, but it tastes great. Their salsa can be spicy (which I like), so beware. Just a tip...if you use your debit card, your purchase must be over $5.
5	This place is great. I've been here twice now, and I've tried three different burritos. The burrito with machaca and eggs is by far my favorite. The service is a little bit slow, but everything is made fresh. It's a family-owned and family-run restaurant, which I like a lot-- I like to support local businesses. The prices are extremely reasonable and the portions are generous.
2	I think the definition of two stars sums it up perfectly - "Meh. I've experienced better."  Everything we ordered was decent and edible but nothing was fantastic, nothing stood out, nothing will bring me back here when I know there are better options around.
1	I live close to here so it is easy. But I kick myself in the butt every time I go. Every time I order to go, I get home only to find out they short my order. Tonight I ordered a taco salad. I think I had maybe a 1/2 cup of lettuce hidden under a blob of sour cream and blob of guacamole. Don't get me wrong...I love everything that is part of the salad. But key word...salad. It was one big mush. I won't say I will not return. But in the future I will ask for lettuce and sides.
4	I dream about this place sometimes. I've been going to Burrito Co for over a decade and just love it. The salsa is so good, bean & cheese burro's delicious! They also have other great burros, but I am soo down the with this B&C that I hardly stray. Prices are pretty decent and the staff is nice. That being said, I am not a huge fan of the new building. It doesn't have the same charm/ambience as the original and I miss it.
3	This is a solid burrito joint. Over the years they have crept up on the prices but the quality remains the same.  All food comes with salsa and chips. No thrills, no frills just decent food to fill you up on your hungriest days. There's no drive-through so I recommend calling ahead and picking up your food if you are in a rush. The service is average, and most of the time they keep the tables clean during lunch rush.  My favorite is the Barbacoa enchilada style (about $7.50), it's filled with tender Mexican BBQ beef, green onions and tomatoes. After eating this I usually sleep at my desk for the rest of the afternoon. PS- they don't accept AMEX.
3	They have cheap Britos and they're pretty good.  It seems like a it's like a cheap Chipotle but they have a lot more choices.
4	I live near by.I love me some burritos.  I love me some carnitas. I love me some carnitas burritos. I have a healthy fear of carnitas, but not from here.  Lil' dirty, (not like nasty, but obviously not OCC about shit here), little hokey inside ('cept the bathroom door - art nouveau shit is tiiiiight) - putting my Bob Ross hat on for a min... I'd say a wee bit o' nepotism is prevalent; e.g. someone's neurotic auntie got the nod to hang their interpretation of modern 'Mehican'.  Regardless, I'll be god damned if I'm not here at least once a week.  Open at the butt crack o' dawn (6:30am)  slinging chorizo and egg 'ritos, delivering scrumtacular nacho-quesadi-lladas at night  (like 5:30pm - 9:00pm...ish).  Set the bong down, and give em' a call.   Repeat after me:  'I'd like the carnitas burrito'  Skadoosh
5	They no longer deliver.
3	Some coworkers have been hitting up the Original Burrito since our office moved, so I thought I would give it a try.Went their around 12 and noticed lil bit of a rush, but the line moved fast, so I wasn't worried.I ordered the carne asada burrito with beans & guacamole, the guacamole was extra, because with the burrito you can choose either or, and I just was in the mood for beans, but also in my mind a carne asada burrito always comes with guacamole or avocado, pico de gallo and the tasty meat, so the chance to throw in beans, that made me happy. Just wondered why they would make you choose between the 2.The flour tortilla seemed very fresh, the meat was delish, the guacamole, which was more like avocado and Mexican cheese blend was perfect, the beans over powered the burrito, next time I will pass on them, and it was lacking in pico de gallo.The burrito came with chips & salsa, the chips were great, and the salsa, it was great with flavor but a little runner than what I like. I think I will go back and try something different. I enjoy trying new places for lunch, and happy to add another on to my ever growing list.
4	Pretty tasty burritos, breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  And the green chile is spicy.  Yeah baby!
4	Delicious and amazing quantity for the prove you pay. Friendly employee. We will be.back
4	Stopped here for a quick bite before jumping on the 10 to head back home. The hubs and I both had the chorizo, egg, potato burrito. It was really good. Usually chorizo can be greasy but this was not. The salsa bar was yummy as well. If your looking for a quick bite come here and give it a try.
1	Not goood, number 40 isnt as good as the people here says. The fish isnt fresh either. Will not go to this place ever. Number 40 was dry. Number 38 was not as juicy as they say. Not going to try again-_-
4	I have been going here for years... even better with the new location. My favorite is the beef chimi. Its always good food
3	When I first heard original burrito, it made me think that this is where burritos were invented and that all other burritos (and burrito companies) are just straight up posers.Anyway...I rolled in and immediately took note that the Marco Polo was like a shredded beef breakfast burrito, so I went with that since eggs, rice, beef, and tortillas are just my thang.Pros: Large burrito, eggs were cooked quite well, fair price and value (~$6).Cons: Nothing exceptional in the quality/flavor department.All in all, a little bit on the higher said of 3 but not quite a 4.That being said, I do want to come back during breakfast hours to try a potato/chorizo burrito (yeahhhh buddy).
2	This is not the place for me. I would probably give them one star but I did have a soup here I liked. My gf likes the place. For me the food just wasn't good. I didn't like it.
5	The Original Burrito Co. was another regular spot for us when we lived in Phoenix.  The portions were generous and the prices were more than fair.  They had a great variety of fare to suit your taste.  You can go authentic or a bit non traditional and it is always made right.  They make some of the most perfect breakfast combos you could want.Since moving away we always use OBC as the measuring stick when we get burritos.  Still have not found any place that measures up.  My favorites, the Fish Burrito, the Veggie Mixto and the Marco Polo.  But try them all!
3	Went here for lunch.Ordered the California Burito.The burrito was quite good. I haven't had a lot of burritos in my life, and the few I did have were mostly from Chipotles.  This burrito was hands down better than any burito I'd eaten in Chipotles.They have staff to handle the lunch crowd.  We ordered and grabbed a table.  Order # is hollered out when ready.I'd recommend this place for lunch.
4	I was skeptical at first, could a burrito joint in Ahwatukee be that good? YES. The salsa is fresh and everything I've ordered from the menu has been fingerlicking good! I've recently discovered the green chili burrito and it has been my favorite item thus far! Each item comes with a serving chips regardless if you dine in or take it to go. During the holidays, I was able to order a half dozen of frozen tamales which you can just pop in the microwave or steam in a pot. They tasted almost as good as my mother in laws!!
2	Not sure what all the raves are about.  I ordered the fish burrito - thin fried fish inside my burrito and just OK on the flavor.  As my husband & I were sitting at a table waiting for our order to be called - a worker was walking by every table around us sweeping the floor.  Probably should wait to do this when there aren't people eating at tables - kinda gross.  My biggest issue is that I LOVE carne asada fries so I ordered them here.  Well as I posted in my pic - I got uncooked floppy fries covered with a thin puree of avocado with cotija cheese chunks mixed in, topped with about a 1/4 cup of carne asada and pico de gallo.  The floppy fries killed me.  It's unforgivable.  They can fry a decent tortilla chip (maybe their pre-bought) so why not fry a crispy fry?  I cannot revisit this establishment sadly since I cannot get the taste of uncooked fries and liquid guacamole out of my mouth.  Sorry Original Burrito company.
3	Burrito CO is Okay...How can you go wrong making eggs, bacon, sausage throw some canned chiles together whip it up in a flour tortilla then charge 6 bucks. It's a combo hard to screw up, I go here when I don't want to cook, and don't want Dennys or Ihop or don't have the time, and stop in and get a breakfast wrapped in a tortilla to go...convenient yes,,, the best breakfast burritos in town? No...
2	The good was decent but the staff didn't seem very friendly here. They really like to nickel and dime you here for everything it seems like. It was clean at least. They don't really offer anything that would make me want to come back. Go down the street a block to Los Taquitos instead.
2	A friend recommended this place when I was craving a breakfast burrito. Meh, not that great. Just your basic breakfast burrito, nothing super special. I had to ask for a customized burro and ended up not getting everything I ordered on it. It almost feels like a cafeteria more than a restaurant inside. Casual is kind of an understatement. Felt a little dirty, Plastic tablecloths that smelled of mildew and less than adequate dining furniture. Oh well. It's been there a long time so maybe I am in the minority here!
5	We love this place! You can't go wrong if you eat here. Their chips and salsa are excellent and their burritos are so flavorful! I either always get their chorizo breakfast burrito or their chicken chimichanga. The BF usually gets something with carne asada or fish. Their friendly staff, clean establishment, and wonderful food keeps us coming back over and over!
5	Great Mexican place. Been in Ahwatukee forever. Great menu and fantastic breakfast burritos served all day, all at a reasonable price.
5	Love the local feel of this place. Their green enchilada sauce is outstanding. I try to come here as often as a I can when I'm in Ahwatukee. I always get their #2 Green Chile burrito... Consistently amazing.
5	Love the breakfast burritos! They make the burritos fresh to order, have awesome tortillas, and have fresh salsa to eat with the burrito or take to go. I haven't tried the lunch stuff yet, but I have had the breakfast burritos quite a few times and have never been disappointed!
2	I wanted a chicken quesadilla for lunch today so my husband went to get me one. When I got home I started eating it and discovered it tasted weird. I opened it up and there was NO chicken and barely any cheese . I called them and the girl said they would remake it and I asked for sour cream on the side. They even made my husband return the messed up one I had already bit into. He gets home this time they didn't give me sour cream . I gave up at that point . Doubt I will go back .
3	Thought it was pretty ridiculous when I asked for no meat- just beans, and the cashier said that would be an extra charge because it's considered making a 'substitution.' Pretty poor customer service in my opinion. I hope the GM reads this and corrects the problem.
4	I've been eating here for about 20 years.  The best green chile burrito I've ever had!   Their breakfast burritos are very good as well.  My only knocks  are the extra charge for to-go salsa (it's really good salsa though) and occasional slow service.  Other than the charge for extra to-go salsa,  prices here are great.
4	This is a go to place for us for breakfast since they allow dogs on the patio. We love the breakfast burritos with peppers and tomatoes. Chips and salsa are sometimes light on chips. There can often be a very long wait on Saturday mornings. Sunday mornings are better.
1	Viewing all these great reviews, leads me to one conclusion, people don't know what a good burrito taste like. I had a machaca burrito and it was way too dry. The meat was shredded but it was clumpy (is that a word?) and would stick to the roof of my mouth. My boyfriend had a taco of each of their meats, and he was surprised that even the carne asada was bad. Who messes up carne asada?Take it from a Mexican who knows Mexican food and skip on this joint.
5	Number 36 burrito you can't go wrong.Been going there since 82 and they haven't lost a step!
5	Always great. Always consistent. Great friendly people. Not to mention awesome food I will continue to be a regular and introduce my friends to it that haven't gotten the experience the deliciousness
5	Number #3 no rice with cheese is one of the best things I've ever eaten.
4	Delicious food!!! Highly recommend
4	Love this place. Although not as flavorful as Los Taquitos, they are at least very consistent and I can always know what to expect (and their horchata doesn't taste like it came out of a candy machine). Counter staff is always friendly. Oh, and the food is never too greasy -- always a plus.
1	If I could give this place a zero  I would have. I went there on Thursday. 7/3. I order 4 shredded beef tacos. I asked specifically want was in the taco. I was expecting shredded beef, lettuce, and cheese. Like the menu said. So when I drove home and opened the box I notice that the meat looked a lot like beans. So I called and spoke with Becky. She advised me that there is no way I got bean tacos. So I repeated what I thought was a taco. She refuse to believe it and wanted me  to drive 45 min back with the tacos to show me. Like I was stupid or something. So I told her I didn't want anything back and that I just want to let them know it wasn't what I ordered. She got very rude and decided that her opinion was more important than what I was looking at. Then she tells me they don't have shredded beef tacos and that the menu was wrong. She wanted me to call the owners. She said that their tacos is potatoes and Beef and pork. Ii called the chandler burrito company and the advised me that I should have been told that there was no shredded beef tacos. So I called the bank and put a stop payment on 11.00.  I will never ever go back to that place. I wouldn't recommend this place to my dog.Thx Tony
5	How is this the first time I've tried this place in the 10+ years that I have lived in Ahwatukee? SO GOOD!! Best breakfast burrito I have ever had, by a long shot. Their green salsa is pretty amazing too. The lady up front was so cute and witty and definitely made the experience complete.  Can't wait to come back again :)
5	First time trying this place after hearing so many great things about it and it did not disappoint!! I called in my order since I was going in on my lunch and good thing I did. I wanted to just get a plain carne asada burrito with rice but the employee advised that I should get the California burrito with carne asada and boy was that a great recommendation. The burrito was so good and had so much flavor kinda reminded me of a burrito back home (Los Angeles). I'll definitely be going back real soon!!
2	The first time I ate here I had a veggie burrito and it was really good.  Living close by I thought I found the perfect spot for a good morning burrito.  The past few times that I've been here not only does the Burrito continue to get smaller and smaller and shorter but the quality of the contents are tasteless. For the veggie burrito you basically you get a burrito with barely cooked rice a little bit of sour cream and a smudge of guacamole.  We also got a breakfast burrito of potatoes eggs and cheese.  The potatoes were dry the eggs were dry and the cheese sparse.  And again the red salsa had too much cinnamon in it.And finally the temperature was nearly unbearable. I watched people as they entered the building fanning themselves because the temperature was so unbearable and this was at 8 o'clock in the morning. I'm sure will be back again because we live so close but it's just not going to be my fave.
3	Good food, horrible customer service. I continue to give them business because it's close to work but otherwise I wouldn't bother. Nothing like being treated crappy while spending your hard earned money. Several of my co-workers have had the same experience.
1	I had higher hopes for this place. They screwed my order up twice and the only modifications I asked for were no onions and black beans instead of refried. While I caught the black beans before I left I didn't the onions and it was loaded....ones that couldn't be picked out and were loaded in the burrito. For the $9 I spent it wasn't worth it at all. I will continue to keep driving by but I definitely wont be stopping anymore.
4	So here we are, Tuesday night dinner and I'm not really hungry.  I mean I've normally got a healthy appetite (healthy appetite -you know, something more than just a salad or a nibble of something)  but tonight I'm not so hungry so I ask if I can split a quesadilla with hubby.   Steak please.  He comes home with that thing and at first I'm thinking this isn't right cuz the container is too light.  Yes I know a tortilla, cheese, and beef really shouldn't weigh a lot.  Don't ask me what I was thinking.  Besides, by then it was probably my stomach talking.Opened it up and revealed the toasty, fragrant tortilla with Mexican cheese and chunks of beef.  *inhale*  A small nibble and my taste buds were telling me to stop multi tasking and just eat.  The tortilla was darn near perfect tonight.  The cheese was buttery, and not too much either.  And the ideal amount of tender beef was included.  The green salsa caught me by surprise tonight.  A little fire there.  I used almost an entire bullet for a half of my meal.  I don't understand, I really wasn't that Hungry tonight.I still had to have some red salsa.  I was torn.  The quesadilla was delicious by itself.  Warm, toasty tortilla with cheese and beef.   Mmm mmm.And here I wasn't very hungry.This place is consistently good.  Fresh salsas.Green Chile Burritos.Breakfast Burritos.Thin, crispy, tortilla chips.And the staff is courteous,  knowledgeable,  and have been pleasant every time I've been there.It all keeps me (us) coming back for more.
2	Yuck, something has gone downhill here.  Tried it for the first time in a very long time again today, and it is not as good as it used to be.
2	Really dry burritos. A bit overpriced I might add.  99 cent tacos are about four inches long, so not a very good deal. Bland. Staff is hardworking. I won't seek this place in the future.
1	So disappointed. I ordered a beef taco with just cheese on it, made it a combo and when I got my order and bit into my taco I figured they must have gotten the order wrong because it didn't taste like beef and from looking at it I couldn't determine what it was. I went up to the counter and told them they got my order wrong and I was told that they mix their beef with potatoes so what I got was the beef taco. 1. I was not told this when I ordered it - had I known it would be made with potatoes I would not have ordered it. 2. When I sat down and looked at it closer I could not find any beef in the potato mixture. Not only did it taste gross but I feel it was a bait and switch. Won't be back.
4	This was recommended by a friend.  Needed a quick spot while in Tukee and I was very skeptical.   But to my surprise it was very good.  It has that hole in the wall feel.  Carne Asada plate was very good.  Chips and salsa were both standard and good.
1	Normally you get two to go salsas for each item that you purchase.  Ordered two burritos to go and got two baby salsas and then was charged $.70 for two extras!
1	There is a note at the bottom of each page of their menu that reads"No Substitutions". They are not kidding at all. That is a deal breaker for me. Sorry, won't be returning.
4	A CALIFORNIA BURRITO is not chicken, pico, rice and beans. It is carne asada, french fries, and guacamole. Nevertheless, I ordered a green chili burrito and it was fabulous.
2	Heard such great reviews and was so excited to try their breakfast burritos this morning. Unfortunately, I was extremely disappointed. The burritos tasted more like egg than anything else. I couldn't even taste cheese that was supposed to be in there. It was just so bland and lacking that special flavor I was expecting. The green salsa was also blah. I was just not impressed with my entire order. Not as good as all the great reviews I have read and heard. I'll give it one more try to see if I just picked bad items on the menu but that's it! Grrrrrr!!
3	meh, wasn't anything impressive.Breakfast burrito was ok but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again. I was in from out of town and I have to say we definitely have better burritos in LA than here.Make a change Burrito Co! put a little more love in there!
5	Pleasantly surprised! Food is hot, fresh, and tasty.  The green and red salsa is also fresh and tasty.  Will definitely be back. :)
5	Friend recommended this high quality quick service mexican restaurant.  We placed a to-go order for Barbacoa Plate and California Burrito with Carnitas.  Overall, a great dinner!!  Interaction with employees was good.  Took us a while to get there, but will definitely be back to order more.
1	I have been eating there for two years the food has declined to the point that connivence doesn't help microwave food isn't worth it. I'm sorry to say  out
5	If you're looking for really good breakfast burritos, this is the place to come to! A lot of burrito places have greasy burritos that make your stomach hate you afterwards but the Original Burrito Co. does a great job at making everything fresh to order with a clean, non-greasy but most importantly, delicious taste! They offer two different types of salsa, a green tomatillo salsa, and a red tomato salsa with cilantro and green onions that has a nice kick to it. Personally, the tomato salsa is my favorite over the green salsa but both are fresh and good! All of their dishes (including burritos) come with a side of chips however their breakfast burritos do not.
1	Apparently their posted hours mean nothing to them. Bunch of kids closing up early on a Saturday night instead of treating their customers right.
5	Ok. This place needs to be on TV. Its also one of those places-for those of us who live in the East Valley-that is a #STAPLE. Worthy of its own hashtag even. Worthy of Best Of Phoenix. And quite frankly, the reason why you should never go to Chipotle, or any other imitation. This place is real.Real enough to run into the owners of a business that has been around for 30 plus years. It makes a difference when the ownership cares so much, and it shows up in the service. I've never not once experienced less than super friendly service. Customers are welcome here, and there are plenty of regulars as a result.My writing won't do the food justice, so I'll just say that you are getting the quality of food normally you would have to sit down and wait for; not to mention, the kind of food that would give your wallet a beating. However, you'll leave this place with your wallet not having as much as a scratch. Its all because they know how to offer value here.Lastly, expect authenticity when you eat at this clean and comfortable establishment. The flavor that lands in your mouth from their artfully made carne asada burritos is no doubt due to REAL recipes. This ain't no "On The Border". Plently of mexican restaurants to choose from in the area. Plenty of perpetrators. Stay away from those and eat here :).
5	One of my first stops when I come back to Ahwatukee! Best burritos ever! If you've never been here you're missing out!
5	The breakfast burritos are outstanding and their iced tea is the best I've had! The place is always clean and the service is fast, even during the lunch hour rush.
5	The food is great!!! Love their green chile and breakfast burritos.  Large portions you get your money's worth!
