3	I was in need of a quick trim (I don't think I can ever make neo-mullet a hot look, ever).  I just found out about Regency (another hair/beauty school), so instead of revisiting Aveda Institute (aka "the other place" from now on), why not be a guinea pig for someone else!  Location is convenient.  It's right across from the movie theater at Ayrsley (right off I-485 & Tryon).  Appointment slots were plentiful.  I was able to get in on Saturday at 10am (a very hard-to-get spot at the other place) with a day or so notice.The salon itself is nice, bright, clean.  Not big at all.  I didn't have to wait to be seated (unlike the other place, which can take up to forever!).  My student was Cliff.  He gave the best shampoo, I swear, I would have him wash my hair everyday if I can.  Instructors are around, more so than the other place, but I still don't think is enough.  Final tap: $9!Now the not so good news.  As much as I think Cliff was fine, he did mess it up a little. The back was a little uneven and blunt (not blending well with the rest of my hair). I called, and luckily I had no problem going back 2 days later and getting it fixed, this time with the instructor standing next to him practically the whole time (I kinda insisted, considering I am running out of hair to be messed with).  Final result is fine... esp for $9.FINAL THOUGHTS: Cheap good place to go if you have an easy trim/nothing too technical.  Don't be afraid to speak up, or ask for instructor, or go back if needed to get fixed.  From my observation, this is an ethnic hair friendly place (many students are blacks, and I know they have different hair styling technics).  Join the reward club and get $5 toward next services (give them my name as referral and I get $5 too:)).  They also have nails services (I heard).  I will be back.
4	Going here was actually a really great experience.  I loved the idea of being apart of the education process for these budding beauty school students, and I even learned a lot myself.  I had Walter who had 3 weeks of floor experience, so the instructor stayed with him the majority of the time and really made sure everything was perfect.  I'm assuming that when they get a little more seasoned, the instructor will only check in a couple times.Pros:  - $9 Shampoo, cut, and thermal.  Can't beat that price! - $15 Pedi/mani comes with free OPI nail polish - Fun learning experienceCons:  - Expect to be at the salon for the double the amount of time it would take a seasoned professional (due to instructor check ins and slower uncertain hands) - Know what you want because they aren't confident enough yet to make suggestions.  (But they do a great job at mimicking your photo request).I will definitely go here again.  Everyone was lovely and eager to please.
4	I went to Regency when I first moved to Charlotte because I was in need of a haircut immediately. I was starting to resemble a poof ball, dead ends, nightmare woman. So, naturally, I hopped on Yelp to find a reasonably priced salon. I came across Regency, and decided to try it out.Walking into the place feels like a professional salon that will cost you big bucks, so initially I was super impressed. My stylist was very pleasant and she asked me what I wanted done. I could tell she was nervous, so that made me nervous too. I changed my mind from the crazy style I had wanted to a simple trim. She took me over to the sink and told me that she was about to graduate, and wanted to move away to some place more exciting, and that she had a set back because she had been sick and had to skip a semester. She was very bubbly and friendly, and overall I liked her a lot. When we got back to the chair, she was so nervous! I felt bad for her, and she called the instructor over about 5 times to make sure she was doing it right. I was thankful for that.. but it definitely made me hesitant about coming back. She did a good job, and if I just needed a trim, I definitely would have gone back. The prices were amazing and getting in was no problem at all. If you're looking for a drastic change, I'd stick to the pros. But something simple, or even makeup.. come here and give it a shot. For the prices, you really have nothing to lose!
