4	Good typical Chipotle.  Decent location, pretty easy to get in and out of.
2	Good ol' Chipotle.  When you really want that oh-so-comforting food coma.This particular location is quite convenient, but they still have some practicing before them.  The line is slow, the proportions aren't consistent, and they really need more practice rolling burritos.But I will be back.  And then I will take a nap.
4	This is one of the better Chipotles I have been to.After dining at many of their location, this seems to be the healthiest one I have been to.  The rice is not too oily & the beans are not too salty.  Everything seems fresh, compared to other locations.One big plus for me, when ordering a vegetarian burrito, I am NOT asked "what kind of meat".As far as service goes, the people working here are very nice & they actually listen to you request.  If you want "a little" of something, they do not throw a wheelbarrow of it on your burrito.
4	Credit where credit is due...  this Chipotle has really stepped up their game.  They're now consistently on-par with other locations.
4	Cheap, good, quick, friendly.... Try the Smoked Chipotle Tobasco on the burrito!
4	Chipotle is usually quite reliable for rather fast, quality "fast food" southwest food.  It's hard to go wrong with the veggie or bean burrito.  Food is always consistently good, though they're a bit pricey with the chips and salsa as an additional charge.  With drink, chips & salsa, I'm north of $7 whereas it's under $5 at Rubio's.This location isn't terribly busy at lunch because of the shopping area not being too close to so many professional businesses.
4	Chipotle is always consistent, fresh and satisfying!  I can always count on a great quick lunch...that is once I get through the long line from the lunch rush.  Since it's near many businesses, arriving around noon tends to be the busiest time.  I guess I'm not the only one who loves this place!
5	Chipotle is one of the best places. I love the location of this one and they aren't greedy with the chicken here. Also, it is right next to the theatre and several other shopping places. All in all, it was as great as it always is.
4	Always a fan of Chipotle.  This place had some service issues when they first opened, but that has changed since then, so they get the 4 star review. :)What's really cool about this place is that they have the "pre-order pickup window".  LOVE that.  Very convenient for the corporates (like myself) that order in advance online, want to run in, get it and go back to your meetings.
4	Chipotle, you're either a fan or not a fan...  Like them or not they have a unique taste and style about how they serve fresh and quality ingredients.  The staff in this particular location is super friendly, but not overly so. Like when I show up two days in a row, they don't even look at you funny. They are very accommodating and their smiles are genuine.You can get as creative as you want when ordering; your imagination and tummy size are your only limits.  If you ask for "a little" they give you a little, if you ask for "a little more" they oblige you there too.  The menu is simple. You can order tortilla chips, a burrito (your choice of meat, beans, salsas, opt for lettuce, sour cream, shredded cheese and, for an extra fee, guacamole,) a fajita burrito (which substitutes the beans for grilled sliced peppers and onions) a burrito or fajita burrito 'bol' (which are the same ingredients sans tortilla, in an Atkins (low carb)-friendly cardboard dish,) or tacos. All besides the chips, your food is made fresh as it moves down a line of people putting this in, slapping that on, or wrapping it all up.) If you get there right when they open the chips are so fresh that the bags are still warm. They offer ice tea, fountain drinks and a small selection of bottled beers like Corona and Dos Equis.The carnitas burrito bowl with grilled veggies, little rice, no beans, extra cilantro, both mild and hot sauce, cheese, sour cream and more cilantro on top is my fav. With chips and guac (and it's really good guac), it's a meal that keeps me full all day long.  WHOO HOO!!
5	Always really friendly! Hope they stay with hormone free meats. The group that works at this restaurant seems happier and more vibrant than others .
4	Had the steak burrito and it rocked!  They had three kinds of salsa, pico d'Gallo and corn salsa that melded together perfectly, added some heat but still let the flavor of the rice, beans, meat, & tortilla through.
3	Lines seem to be eternal here and move slowly.  Staff is alright, though a bit picky and strict about the 3-item limit on the light item burritos compared to other locations.  Parking sucks because of the adjacent Best Buy and other restaurants.
2	We usually go to this place as we work in the area. We went there on a Friday, we stood in the long queue, got our dinner, as soon as we sat to eat, saw that a lady was just going to each table handing them over bags and boxes to pack their dinner and whispering to them that there is an emergecny or something... the thing to be noticed here is that nobody came to our seat to inform us of anything (seeing that we had a child with us). We do not know if there is a shooting outside, or a fire or something elseWe just got a hint and pick up our son and bag and got out leaving our dinner, well nobody gave us the boxes or bags, to pack our dinner.we got out, so we realized there was a fire...a lady took our number and said she will take care of everything. We then went to another chipotle, as my son just wanted his beans and rice (kids are particular like that, he knew he was going to eat  his beans and rice and he just wanted that). Manager called us told us please come in anytime and and say at the counter that you were part of fire incident and your meal will be on us. I said I'm sorry but i'm not comfortable doing that (asking for a free meal at the counter). I told her I spend this much if you could send me a card that is well and good. she took our address and said she will definitely mail it to us.we never got anything in the mail. It does not mean i stop eating at Chipotle, we love it. But till the time our issue is resolved we will not go to This Chipotle, even if it is inconvenient to us.
4	Service isn't always as great as the food. Depending on the worker the experience could be pleasant or offensive.
3	Wish the food was hotter.
5	Great store, fast service, friendly people. Tables are cleaned fast. Wish there was more room between the close tables, and more tables. Maybe they can buy the old chop chop next door.
5	This place is unreal. I eat here at least 4 times a week. I've never left this place still hungry. The food is really good and pretty cheap.
5	The first time I went there I had fingernails in my mouth but I gave it a second chance and they never cease to impress me. I love how healthy they are. I always get the bowls for maximum healthiness. Little rice barbacoa both beans guac mild medium salsa and lettuce. I have to say that I am a proud chipotle fan :)
3	I love Chipotle, but I am disappointed by this location. The first two times I went there with my husband in the past two months, my chicken in my bowl wasn't fully cooked and I finally took it back the second time. My husband's beef wasn't fully cooked either...not very appealing.
5	Can't beat the iPhone app/online ordering!
2	Can someone explain to me how Chipotle's stock has gone up when they serve such bland Mexican?  It's almost like the Ikea/white guy version of Mexican.  Ick, ick, ick.I love Baja Fresh soooo much more where the food is not only hot--mine being cold from here (not the meat, but the beans and rice were cold)--but so much tastier.Tried the chicken meat which was ok, but the steak...OMG...it's like someone poured hot sauce all over the steak and said proudly to themselves, "OK..now it's Mexican."  Not.  Never again.  I really hate the cold, bland food served here and am just scratching my head how anyone--other than those who have never had great Mexican--could even like it.  What give folks?  I just do not get it at all...and I mean at all.Back to Baja Fresh for me:  hot food, cooked just for me and good sauces not some Tabasco bottles sitting around.  This Chipolte chain sucks big time....ick.OK, I tried it again yesterday.  This is my review:  If you love non-spiced, mediocre, fake Tex-Mex Mexican food this is your place.  It's edible I get that, but surely for $7 or so you can get better.  This is Phoenix after all!I heard a nice looking man in his early 60's talking to his wife and grandkids next to my table about how wonderful the food is "as usual."  Goes to show you that one man's trash is another man's treasure.  I think the food is about so bland as it comes myself.  But, then again, maybe his wife's cooking sucks--and from her size 4 size--it probably does, so Chipotle is wonderful compared to her cooking?  Only thing I could think of that would make an intelligent man rave about this bland mattress stuffing crap they try to pass off as Mexican....and their darn stock is still going up.  I guess I just do not get it at all at this place.
3	Chipotle has the best food of any major chain.  This location is always clean, and the food is always fresh.  I go to this location probably 2-4 times a month.  My problem is the service is usually not so great.  I mean I am a regular see the same people, order the same thing and except for a few of the girls they all seem to be more interested in talking to each other than serving the customer.  There is one guy who wears glasses who always works the register.  I would fire that guy, he has the worst customer service of everyone in that place.
4	Came here for Mother's day today....food was great as always but it seems like every time we go we get less food in the burrito bowls.
4	Good food, best to go when they're inbetween meal rushes.  This way you're not getting pushed through the line and miss out on specific items or extra helpings. Ingredients are a bit better than what you may expect at other chain burrito cafeteria.  Manager has tendency to penny pinch the extra salsa requests.   If you see him, try to wait until he's distracted.  You'll be able to identify him by the way he hovers over the other staff.  Otherwise, the employees are usually really friendly with special requests and aim to please.Sometimes items mix when serving, so if you have allergies pay attention to what they're scooping onto your order.Restaurant is kept clean.
5	This place gets real busy at lunch time but the food and the staff are excellent! I am all about the chicken. soft corn chicken taco and chicken salad. they never go east on the guacamole either and I could kiss them for that. The avocados, chicken, salsa..... heck EVERYTHING is fresh, healthy and delicious!
5	I feel weird writing such an awesome review for a fast-food joint but I love this location. I frequently order online or via the iPhone app. Today, I arrived 5-min early to pick up my order and they gave me a free large beverage while I waited. In the past, I arrived about 10-min late because I got stuck at work and they insisted on scrapping my order and making me a new one so that it would be fresh. AWESOME! Businesses don't do cool things like that when it is their fault, much less when it's the customer's fault. I'm hooked on Chipotle. If this location wants to round my bill up to the next nickel or whatever that controversy was - go right ahead!
5	They always do a great job at this location, the store is clean and the staff are friendly.
5	Fajita steak burrito, little white rice, black beans, fajita vegetables, steak, pico de gallo, spicy red salsa, little sour cream and guacamole.
4	I am not a fan of chains so it's rare for me to go to one let alone actually review it.  Chipotle though is actually pretty impressive.  The ingredients are all fresh and I love that you can "custom" make it and tell them exactly what you do and don't want.  I always get the chicken bowl with all three salsas mixed, guacamole, and extra rice.  They even have brown rice now - big plus!  For what you get and the price - esp. since most of it's organic, I think it's worth it.
2	Getting to this particular location is half the battle. As other reviews have noted, it shares a parking lot with Best Buy, Buffalo Wild Wings, Chase Bank, Mellow Mushroom, Johnny Rocket and other locations... however Chipotle, despite being right next door to Best Buy with a lot front location has the longest walk to the door. Not to mention, regardless of where you park, you have to walk past a set of dumpsters.This location does offer online ordering. That's a great thing these days for people on the go, however EVERY TIME I order online I end up waiting longer than if I were to just in line. Each online order I've placed has caused me to wait an additional 15 minutes on top of the half hour recommended wait by the website, I.E.: If I order at 5:00 the website will say "you're food will be ready for pick up at 5:30". When I arrive at 5:30 I find out my order hasn't even been looked at and the cashier has a look of shock on their face, and I don't get my food until 5:45. Instead of rushing my order, they put it through the line with the other people standing in line. At the longest, I've counted as many as 6 people going through the line while I waited for my online order. While the staff usually gives me a free drink to keep me calm I look at this as putting a band-aid on the situation while I'm standing there looking like a crazy person waiting on my food.One time this happened and the manager actually ran out to me to in the parking lot and he was VERY apologetic. He gave me a coupon for a free taco/burrito/bowl to get me to come back. Well at much chagrin, I went back. This time I stood in line instead of ordering online so I could get out quicker. At the register I presented my "free food" coupon. The cashier looked at it and handed it back to me saying "this is a buy one get one free coupon if you want we can make you another burrito so this will be legit." I looked over the coupon and no where on it could I see a "buy one get one free". I showed the cashier and she stood her ground on it. I asked if her manager was available and she said, "no, are you not going to pay because if you're not I'll need you to move so I can help the next customer." I left my food on the counter and passed the coupon on to a group of fire fighters standing in line.Well, I went home and promptly e-mailed Chipotle's corporate headquarters and explained everything. Within 20 minutes I was in dialogue with the regional manager. She contacted the branch manager, the one who gave me the "free" coupon. He knew exactly who I was according to the regional manager. She personally sent me a stack of coupons for free food and forced the branch manager to train all the staff there on how to process the coupons and how to treat patrons.Ok, so this time around I went in armed to the teeth in coupons and piss and vinegar. I went through the line. The tortilla guy, as usual rushed me through in a whirl of incoherent muttering about what I wanted on my three burritos. The meat and veggie guy didn't miss a beat on my orders. He saw the coupons and actually seemed stoked that I had them. I got to the cashier and he just looked pissed that I had them and took his sweet time processing them. Then charged me $6.24 for guacamole. Mike, the branch manager saw this as he was leaving his office and told the cashier to comp the guac because it just looked stupid to ring up 3 burritos and chips and salsa and drinks for free and then charge for guac.So I recommend Chiptole for their food because it is good and  you get what want the way you want it. The service at this particular location, in stark contrast to their food, sucks. They are quick to argue with the customer when their manager is not present yet tuck their tales when he is around. If you have a coupon, prepare for battle. Do not bother ordering online. They will lose or forget your order and just make you wait longer. Going through the line is actually quicker regardless of how long the line is.
2	Food is Always..CRAP at this location.!   And employes are sloppy I just got served left over chicken yes leftovers, i was the third person as soon as they opened. The bin was just about empty and the chicken was cold and rubbery.. Steak is ALWAYS chewie... Always something here.. The girl at the cash register was very polite thow Theres you 2 stars hun..Cheers!   Ps i will never return to Chipolte the food is just Gross!
5	There was a small problem that I had with my dinner, I brought it to the managers attention and not only did he take care of my issues but her also promoted me to the chipotle farm club. I am so excited that I am not cashing in my free food cards. Mike Beltran is the reason I will come back to this location.
5	I absolutely love Chipotle and this is the location I go to often with my family. They are very friendly, service is great, and the food is AMAZING!! I definitely will be returning again and again! We love CHIPOTLE!!!!
4	What can I say?  I've been in Chipotle stores from AZ to UT to FL.  Same great food and experience.
5	This location is by far the best of chipotle!!!! The staff is all super friendly, they make work fun! I have been here a few times and tonight was awesome as always! One employee in particular (I didn't catch her name, but I wish I did so I could give her a shout out!) was super energetic and joking with everyone. If they didn't have a smile on their face approaching the counter, they did after their encounter with her! The food is delicious as always.... My favorite oddly enough is their chips and salsa! They have, by far, the BEST chips. YUMMMMMM!
5	OK, I have done the math and I have now officially eaten at Chipotle over 1,000 times over the last 11 years, going back to the first time I had the Barbaccoa at the brand new Chipotle in Frisco, TX. I think that says enough!
5	Being from New York, I'm used to a Chipotle on almost every corner. Recently moved to Phoenix and this one was closest to my house, and thank the burrito gods for that, as I've been here at least once a week since moving.This is by far the best Chipotle I've ever eaten at. Not only is the staff incredibly friendly and more portion-generous than I'm used to in NYC, but the ingredients are always fresh and fantastic, the restaurant is very clean, and they're very fast; even with the line to the door, I still get my meal within a few minutes of walking in.
4	Like every other Chipotle I've been to, the food was good. The service here was pretty good, all server's had smiles on their faces, but the location, the location. I almost missed it. The parking isn't very good as its shared with numerous other "mall like" eateries and shops, and the signage seems poor as well. I wanted so bad to give this Chipotle 5 stars for the great service but I just couldn't overlook the poor location. Eat here if you can find it (and parking).
4	Of course I want Chipotle on BLACK FRIDAY!!!! When I got there, there was 5 ppl in front of me. But thennnnnn 45 seconds later,  the line was out to the door. I was like whattttt? Are they having 50% off theor bowl? Haha. Jk. I get their veggie bowl here. I loveeeee it. I csn simply eat their bowl for breakfast lunch and dinner. :))))
4	Very clean, fast service and very friendly service. Always quick, great selection, and the food tastes better here. I have never been disappointed with this store. It is kind of in an awkward location  but I don't mind.
4	When I think of Chipotle, I think of fresh ingredients, traditional cooking methods (with minimal processing), and sustainable food practices - at least they try! I love their burrito bowl with rice, beans and chicken/steak. The fresh guacamole, which they prepare every day with cilantro, onions and trace of jalapenos, is absolutely delicious - creamy, a little lumpy, zesty with a beautiful green texture. Their menu, just like their ingredients, is very simple and lets you customize your burrito/rice bowl in many myriad ways. The only problem with Chipotle's menu is that it seriously lacks any novelty - I mean their menu hasn't changed over years and they don't even have seasonal items. This particular Chipotle has a very friendly staff and they work very efficiently during the lunch hour.
3	Usually this Chipotle is spot on with great service and great food, however my last visit yielded different results.You know what you get at chipotle, and you see it made. How can you go wrong?With the service, that's how. When you have 6, mostly chatty teenage girls by the way, standing in a line waiting to help someone, and NO ONE is in line ordering, things can go very, very wrong. For instance, when I step up to get my burrito I expect complete attention from the tortilla warmer. I shouldn't have to wait 30 seconds for you to finish your conversation about the latest gossip. When I move down the line, I expect my burrito to be artfully and deliciously crafted in front of me, not to be flung aside while you talk about another important aspect of your Saturday-night binge drinking session. Continuing down the line, you would think this was getting a little ridiculous, but NO! My burrito waits yet again, lustfully awaiting its slathering of sour cream, salsa and cheese, to the tune of who is going out tonight as well. I thought you all went out last night? Surely you can't go out again... with hangovers! To be young again...Finally my burrito is in the home-stretch, and what happens?! It rips. All that hard work by hungover teenage girls ruined! RUINED! I can't possibly imagine my burrito nirvana going away any quicker. It's just not the same when they rip. And it was completely avoidable BY NOT MAKING ME WAIT FOR EACH STAGE FOR YOU TO TALK ABOUT YOUR PERSONAL CRAP THAT I DONT WANT TO HEAR ABOUT!I will go back, because I do lust after the chicken and carnita goodness that awaits, but maybe I should go when it's actually busy and someone in charge is actually in the line...
5	This restaurant is AMAZING! We eat here regularly and recently had a big event and they handled the catering. Megan, the take out manager, really went above and beyond. She not only made sure our order was perfect (after some initial confusion), but she came in on her day off to do so. I love that your staff is so dedicated to their job and their customers that they will come in on a Sunday to help with a special catering order. This really says a lot about this location and their leadership. I cannot thank Megan, and Chipotle, enough, as the party was a success and everyone loved the food!
4	Great food with quality service. We are happy to have an excellent Chipotle near our house tucked in the Norterra area!
5	Chipotle, how I love thee!  This one does a great job at making everyone happy.  Food is fresh and generous.  Friendly faces keep the line moving.  The guac?  The best, ever!  My fav Iced Tea and here's tip- add green Tabasco for a yummy taste on top.  Nice amount of seating and even a little patio.  My only wish is that Chipotle HQ would let us have more comfy chairs.  But, I'll plant myself on the hard planks to enjoy a wonderful meal here!
4	The name of the game for fast food companies like Chipotle is consistency.  And as you might imagine, a company that was invested in heavily by Mickey D's, you can count on consistency at each location and this one is no different.The quality of the ingredients is what really separates Chipotle from their competition, the meat, cheese, salsas, etc was just wonderful.  Every time I eat at a Chipotle I feel like I've eaten the best ingredients available.  Love their ice tea, seems to marry perfectly with their burritos and bowls.  The corn salsa paired with the medium salsa over chicken is terrific.  They will always give you a little extra of each ingredient if you ask (meat however is an extra charge).This location always seems to have a ton of counter help at the rush hour to get you through the line quickly, much appreciated.  The tables are clean and the condiment area is as well.  Cops always seem to be at this location, added bonus to see sidearms in public from those in Blue-thanks for your service!
3	Came here to get my usual burrito bowl and everything started out ok until the girl at the second half of the assembly line went in the back. A guy In the kitchen area maybe the sup told her to come back out ASAP she came back out from behind the door and proceeded to cry as she added my ingredients wasn't sure what to do but I didn't want to make it worse so I just looked at her like honey you need to take a break or something and glared at the guy like I know saw her crying. Anyway I felt like I was eating a bowl of tears and I am 85% sure a couple of hers were inside of it. Food here it good but I still think about it when I see her
5	Always great food and staff is next to perfect, they're friendly and will crack jokes with you. Managers are always friendly as well
1	Have come to this location in the past and today I had the worst service experience in my life. There were 2 employees that very rudely handled a request that was very small. Then when I let him know he was out of line, he became even more rude. Between arguing with me and not listening and having to ring me up twice that was enough to make me want to walk out. THEN one of the employees involved had the gall to come over and asked how we were while we were eating. I let him know the food is fine but that does not change my thoughts that I will never come back to this location.THEN when my husband went to get a lid they gave him a coupon for buy 1 get 1 free.... As one last sad attempt to save themselves. I personally will never step foot in this location again and will rethink even choosing Chipotle as a whole. If this is how the company trains their staff then I will not support or contribute too. Goes back to a simple rule when it comes to service, it's not what you are saying but how you say it.
