3	Beertown Public House is the latest addition of the newer concept public houses and modern bars in the Waterloo region. Located at Waterloo Town Square in Uptown Waterloo, the centralized location is definitely a plus for both locals and university students.  Like the previous reviewer, I find Beertown to be great for their beer selection and atmosphere. However, the food is mediocre at best. The beer selection is quite excellent. On each table, you can find a beer bible listing Beertown's complete selection. For me, the inclusion of a beer bible is reminiscent of the Bier Markt chain in Toronto and Pub Italia in Ottawa. That being said, the selection that is offered, (wheat, lambics, pilsner, ales, lagers, IPAs, etc.) can satisfy almost any palate. Plus, if you are indecisive, there are beer paddles, which is pretty much a sample of 4 beers, available.  Keep in mind that there are no dinner reservations for Friday and Saturday nights. If you decide to go, the wait could range from half an hour to an hour.All in all - a great place to visit to have a drink with a group. Not so much for food.
4	I really like this place, as I'd hoped I would. The service at dinner one night was great. An error was made in my order and an allergen was added to my tacos; the waiter not only apologized and got it out of there quickly, but the manager returned five minutes later with a replacement dish on the house. Perfectly handled. Lunch specials are quite good. My companion really enjoyed her wrap and sweet potato fries, and I ate every last bite of my skirt steak salad. It was a splurge for lunch, but it was delicious and came fully loaded. Lunchtime service is quick and efficient.No, the food is not *the best* in town but the beer menu and location make it perfect for uptown worker bees. Give it a shot with your coworkers and enjoy a paddle (or three).
4	I finally got to visit Beertown after months of trying! I went for lunch with some girlfriends and was very happy with the meal. We went around 1pm - so the restaurant was steady but not full. Our food came out quickly and the service was great. I had the turkey club sandwich and it was very tasty! We will return again!
3	Good beer selection and ambiance but food was so-so. I would suggest sticking to the apps and avoiding the mains. Poor variety and options for people who don't eat pork or beef.
2	Beertown had so much hype and promise going into its opening year with an amazing location and the promise of great food and beer. Unfortunately only two of these have delivered the beer and the location. I've been to this restaurant many times now and every time the experience has been substandard. Of the 5 times I've eaten here only once has my tables food been prepared and delivered properly without us having to send food back or having our server let us know that there was some sort of mix up with our food after being a bite in. Simply put it's just horrible food. The worst caesar salad I've ever had in my life came from this restaurant, and that's something that's pretty hard to mess up. Besides horrible food the menu itself is lacking in anything that's actually appealing, making choosing a meal a difficult. As for the rest of the restaurant the interior is beautiful with a very trendy and modern design and nice features although it can be a little dark inside. The restaurant also features a great patio right on Waterloo town square which is a sure thing in the summer. The interior is rather loud for the size of restaurant so make sure you bring your hearing aid if you plan on having a conversation with your friends. Now for the crown jewel of this restaurant from which it takes its namesake, the beer! The beer selection is fantastic! Make sure you take advantage of the beer paddles which allow you to sample four different beers at once. They keep a wide selection on tap although much of it is safer than I hoped for a restaurant that prides itself on a unique beer experience. They also feature a VERY wide selection of beer in bottle format.I really want to rate this restaurant better given its trendy atmosphere and great selection of beer but the inconsistent service and horrible food won't allow me. Come here for a drink with your mates, not a bite to eat.
3	It's new, it's clean, it's in a nice area uptown. Great beer selection. Just a bit pricey but some of these you will not find on tap anywhere else in Waterloo.  I should note that this is the second iteration if this restaurant/bar from the charcoal group (look them up). The food is hit or miss. I really enjoyed the fish tacos but as other reviews point out, the salad can be off. The burger I had was so so. It's safe to say that they don't hire most of their staff based on experience since it's mostly bad. This is unlike the Bauer kitchen, which has better service. It's a newer restaurant so that may improve eventually.That being said. If you want to have a nice meal, there are better options. If you want to get drunk, go there if you can afford it. If you want to enjoy a couple beers on a patio or take a girl out on a causal date then this is a very good option. Just beware that it gets busy so plan ahead.
4	I came on a Wednesday night and was surprised at how busy it was, however the level of service we received was great and the food came out quickly. This place has a great chill atmosphere and I actually thought the food was pretty good! I got the fish tacos which was loaded up with tons of veggies and also the beergarden salad (which btw has a very yummy dressing). My friend got the fish and chips which was a decent portion and tasted pretty good too. I can't wait to come back and try the other dishes and I would also like to try the beer samplers!
3	The selection of beer they have is amazing, but when you get the paddle that comes with 4 beers, they should make sure at least 3 will be good beers. There food is alright. nothing amazing and is a little overpriced.
4	Definitely get a paddle. That's the coolest part about Beertown. You can try four new beers that you might not have even heard of before. Each paddle glass is also small enough so if you don't like one, you're not stuck with a whole pint. Be adventurous!Aside from the paddles, they also have a very large selection of beer on tap (as you'd expect from the restaurant's name). Don't ask the waiter or waitress what they have on tap ;)
3	Went here to waterloo for a recruiting trip. it was one of those -30 days where I could only venture to the closest place without risking severe frost bite!Had the tacos and the beer was great, it was a Monday so the place wasn't particularly packed. The wait staff was really cool though, our waitress constantly would come by and chat with us, I think she though it was pretty cool our group came all the way from San Francisco.  Good selection of beer too, probably a place I'd go once in a while if I were a waterloo student.
3	Always so full ! Had to wait for 45mins. And we came here twice before but the wait was more than an hour so we decided not to wait... Pub feeling , many tv and loud !need to yell to my friends, but was okay , it was a pub ! The starters were very good, unfortunately they were gone before I got a chance to take a picture . We had sweet potato fries, very good, can't go wrong with that ! The dipping sauce was special, creamy !  We also had tuna salad to share as well, also very very good ! Highly recommended! I had the sampler, apple cider and the strawberry fuili ( I think ) were good, can get those from lcbo as well. The other two were not that good, one was bitter and I forgot the names... I had the pork belly pouting for my main, it was very good!My bf had the prime rib or steak like dish.... The meat was dry and taste-less... He didn't want the goat cheese side so switch to fries instead.... But still the dish was a put down My other friend had half ribs and she said it was pretty good.Overall, very good surroundings and hot waitresses !!!   But food is a bit pricy , four of us ate around $160? But we were really really full and I had my poutine packed up !
2	In for lunch with my Father in law.  He had a burger I had the Mac and cheese. Mine was cold he asked for no lettuce and of course got some anyway. We had a beer each, $50.   Two stars because they have Leffe on tap, nothing else particularly redeeming.
3	Very much a sports bar. From my vantage point, there were 17 screens I could see that were broadcasting a range of hockey and baseball. We stopped in after dinner, so we didn't order any food. The beer selection was good, the service prompt. Nothing really stood out, hence the three-star rating. It was also basically across the street from our hotel.The good: fast service.The bad: too much stimulus from all the tvs ever.
4	Awesome place to chill with friends. The food is great. I highly recommend trying the poutine. They have pretty much any relatively popular beer you can think of.
4	if you get dessert, make sure you get the bread pudding. It is delicious, warm, and moist. Be sure to try it. Appetizers are great but the entrees are okay
2	Went there just tonight, so it was busy as expected of a Saturday evening. It was my friend's birthday, and we had a big group. I was surprised with the restaurant interior, I guess it just doesn't suit the name Beertown. The interior is like what you'd expect from Wildcraft and The Bauer Kitchen. As for service, they were quick with cleaning up unused plates on the table but it's sort of hard to get their attention (maybe because it's a Saturday evening). Also, it was very, very loud tonight.My boyfriend and I shared the pork belly poutine and the summer dinner: a tomato bisque, shrimp penne, and strawberry crisp dessert. We also got the Sweet & Light Paddle. In the end, it was filling but also overpriced for the quality of the food; it came down to a total of $60 before tax. I'd say my favourite was definitely the pork belly poutine. It was a pretty big portion for its price, and it tasted pretty good! Other than that, I don't think I would return.
5	Great food!! The blue burger was amazing.Service wasn't bad but over all presentation was decent.
3	I really enjoyed the food here. I came with a big group of guys for a bachelor party. It was a busy night and I don't remember if we had a reservation or not. Probably not, and they told us the wait would be about 20 minutes so we continued our drinking at the bar. 40 minutes later we ask them what the deal is. They said the table is almost ready and they are clearing the table for us. Meanwhile we are still drinking and ordering some appetizers but also getting slightly annoyed as there has been this big empty table staring us in the face for the past 20 minutes that would seat all of us. Another 45 minutes or so pass and finally we get seated. At the SAME table that was staring us in the face sitting empty for over 60 minutes. We passed the time staring at butts, being guys, looking at food and yelling" OMG THAT LOOKS SO GOOD", looking at tables and making up stories on how the people seated know each other - work party likely software company given all the nerdy looking engineers, quarrelling lesbian lovers, first date going awful, first date going awesome, family that hates each other and don't to be there, etc... Yeah, we were bored and needed to eat.So that right there was just straight up annoying. That knocked off 2 stars from what could have been a five star meal. All I was thinking in my head was "I CANNOT WAIT TO YELP ABOUT THIS NONSENSE", but hey whatever the food was good and the ambience was nice. Me and a bunch of guys ended up sharing various tacos and fish and meat, all of it delicious. It was fish taco, pork belly, and steak. All we're great but I think the fish taco was best. I also had some salmon salad which I thought was outstanding and the prime rib was juicy and tender. The beer platter I ordered was also pretty awesome to sample various beers, and it wasn't expensive either.tldr; Beertown could have been awesome - instead it was just satisfactory. I would come back.
1	After training I rolled in here with a little packet of almonds to replenish my valuable protein. Some struggly ass gutter bug tried to deprive me of my nuts. Not in an apologetic way but in an entitled, condescending way. Come on. This is the kind of service I'd expect at a passport office or MacDonald's.This is my last time giving money to Beertown. Down with Beertown. I want to amass enough wealth to buy this franchise and shut it down.Do yourself a favour and try out Abe Erb next door. The service sucks there too but at least it comes with a smile.
