4	I love Jupiter's pizza. Lots of different excellent combinations available.Lots of good drinks to be had. (Bell's!)Lots of pool to be played.Why not 5 stars? Every time I go the service is horrendous. Absolutely terrible. Not because the server is inherently bad at what he/she does but the place is understaffed and our server was most likely a bit overwhelmed.
4	When CU goes smoke free in January I fully expect myself to go to Jupiter's like 100 times a month.  Although I don't really like thin crust pizza, for some reason the Jupiter's topping combinations always hit me just right.  Especially the pizzas with meat on them.  Yes.  Meat Pizza.I wish there were more seating, so I could bring more massive groups with me.  Jupiter's is an extremely popular departmental happy hour site, and when even 20 of us show up we pretty much fill up all the seating in the entire bar.Pizza is good, beer is good, not too loud, lots of pool tables, very few skanks!
4	There is better pizza to be had, and there are places with better beer selections. There is no place in Champaign-Urbana with a better beer selection that also serves pizza, though, and the pizza is not half bad, if you like your crust cracker-thin and crisp. I like the smoked salmon. I was very sad on my recent visit home to find that Bell's no longer distributes in Illinois. That is tragic. You can still get Lindeman's on draft though; I'm not sure you can even get that at the Blind Pig. I can't wait to go home again now that C-U is smoke-free. I will be able to enjoy this place at times other than 2 PM when there are actually other humans there.
4	Great ambiance; good, creative thin-crust pizza specialty, and plenty of pool tables, all at good prices.  You can't go wrong with Jupiter's if you're in a pool or pizza kinda mood.
4	Excellent pizza (full disclosure: I was a cook here) and decent beer selection. The pool tables make it difficult to socialize at time,  the bar space is too long and not wide enough. However, if you like pool, these are very good tables.
5	Thank goodness the Blind Pig had no room for us and we were able to make a stop at Jupiters. This is a great stop towards the end of the night. Still one of the best pizza places in town. Great place to play pool. And drinks are quickly refreshed since it doesn't get as crowded as some of the other places.
5	This was always one of my favorite bars in downtown Champaign.  The pizza is quite good I think, and had a very unique light crackery crust.  Some of the best thin crust I think I have had.  Bar is nice and roomy, good place to play pool.  The bar could get very crowded on weekends though, nothing aproaching green street bars though.  Nice segueway bar on the transition from "college" bar patrion to normal bar patrion.  Sadly many don't make this transition.
3	Tasty Pizza, nice beer selection.  Perfect for watching sports and playing pub games.
4	Great bar. Pizza is great, thin crust.  Best Pizza in town IMHO (not a big Papa Dels fan). Beer selection is so-so.
4	This place is a great place to grab a thin crust pizza with friends. We are regulars, especially at their new location! More seating! You still can't get in on weekend nights -- but that means they'll be around for a while!
4	Jupiters is great! Really great thin-crust pizza, (Italia would be proud) awesome sophisticated toppings (my fav is the Prosciutto and Artichoke...YUM!). The only downside for me (hence not 5 stars) is the small number of outside tables, BUT I have always been able to sit outside. I reckon it would be cooler if there was more of an outside 'vibe' there, especially being a block out of the way from the other downtown restaurants... I am still a fan.
5	This is the 2nd time I had to post a review of Jupiters. Yelp took it down, though I have no idea why.  I wish we had a Jupiters or equivalent in California. My favorite is their sausage, schroom, bell pepper and onion pizza. They manage to deliver a wonderful, thin crust pizza that's not too greasy, but oh-so-tasty.  I hope Yelp doesn't take this review down this time.
5	Great F-ing pizza.  That's it, nuff said!
4	Yes.  You win, Jupiters.  Happy hour special providing me with cheap yet delicious beer?  Check.Super cheap pizza, making life amazing?  Double check.Okay, Jupiter's has happy hour specials that are WONDROUS.  I got a magnificent large pizza for only $8.  And it was huuuuge.  How huge?  It was so big I ate  leftovers for lunch, dinner and another lunch during the week.  For eight dollars!Jupiters, I will sing your praises on the harp, lyre, and xylophone.  Seriously.
4	I'd heard it was the best (thin crust) pizza in town, so I checked it out, and I'd say it lived up to my expectations.I went with a big group of friends, and we ordered the Special K pizza (sausage, mushrooms, cream sauce, some other stuff... no drugs or cereal though) and the Pizza Bianca (olive oil, artichokes, onions, other vegetables). Both were great, though the Bianca needed the parmesan cheese I added on top for saltiness. I'd like to go back and try the plain cheese (after all, that's what I usually get and judge pizza places by), and the smoked salmon pizza just sounds too interesting to pass up!
5	I always make a stop here whenever I'm in town. A perfect place to grab a bite with an old friend. I'm particular to the smoked salmon and dill pizza, but back in college I used to show much love to the BBQ chicken as well. Tuesday nights - half price large pizzas! Everything here seems cheap compared to my current location of NYC, but I still love a good deal!
4	Pool tables galore!Good thin crust pizza's.Daily drink specials (and the beer is always cheap).Lots of seating.Moreso pool hall than sports bar, so not a lot of flat screens around.Nice waitstaff.Any questions?
5	I've been here only once as of yet and I loved it!  I love their pizza menu.  The combinations are interesting (or you can make your own) and the crust is very good.  I had a mustard base sauce pizza that was awesome!  I loved it.  Nowhere else could I go for this pizza.  We had three pizzas at the table and I enjoyed all of them very much.  I think the environment is a lot of fun also.  The price is fair.  It's 6.99 for a personal pizza which a good size!  I'm looking forward to coming back!
4	The best pizza in town. If you're going for food, Friday and Saturday can be very slow for service. Also, be aware it us a cracker crust, in case that's not your cup of tea.
4	Food, service, and atmosphere of this place are all a huge draw for me here. Probably the best thin crust pizza in town, and a good drink selection, too. Ambiance is great, and sometimes it is just nice to get away from campus restaurants and bars! I would definitely make a trip to Jupiters the next time I'm in 'paign.
4	Amaaazing pizza! Some of the best in town, and probably my favorite thin-crust. I think it's better here than at Jupiter's 2 for some reason. Unlike some of the bars downtown, this one also usually has a drink special every night. I also love the pool-hall setup. Overall one of my fav bars in Champaign.
4	I like this place. The pizza is good enough; if you're one of those people who loves adventurous toppings on pizzas, this is a good place for that. I stick to the basics, and they do that just fine. But for whatever reason, I just really like the space. Great place to drink some beers and eat pizza.
4	Great place for thin pizza and pool. Tuesday are half off and well worth it!! DO NOT go to the "new" Jupiter's at the Crossing (see my review). Sausage and pepperoni pizza is my favorite here.
5	Jupiter's Pizza is awesome. A place where you can swap your favorite pizza toppings with friends, enjoy your go-to beer on the side, chat with friends, and watch the basketball game on their large TVs. They also have pool tables and arcade games. My favorite night to go is Tuesday because they have half off large pizzas and it's a popular night to go. Warning to Chicago-native-deep-dish lovers: these pizzas are thin-crust pizzas and I'm from St. Louis, so we love thin crust pizzas, but this place does not rip you off on toppings. Jupiter's specialty pizzas are great!  There's no need to stress about perfecting your pizzas toppings since they already have specialty pizzas with your already-favorite toppings. If you want to make your own crazy masterpiece, you can customize your pizza with four toppings maximum (meat toppings count as two). More importantly, the price is very reasonable. Also this place has a clean, friendly, fun atmosphere. It's definitely one of my favorite places to go in downtown champaign. I recommend every U of I student to check this place out with friends there before graduation .
4	Had a fantastic late Saturday evening here.  After 10pm, a large two topping pizza is $10.  This allowed me to get a large smoked salmon pizza for $10.  While it might not sound like a great combination, this pizza was fantastic.  I expected skimpy or shredded salmon, but received fairly large pieces strewn across the pizza generously.  Drinks weren't expensive, and overall there was a good selection.  A $4.50 Lindeman's Framboise is about $1.50 cheaper than the equivalent size at the Blind Pig, if that gives you an idea of the pricing.  I can't wait to go again, fantastic pizza and reasonable drinks.
2	I sort of feel like an outcast since the reviews for this place are generally flowering, but I really dislike the pizza.  To each their own I suppose, but quite frankly, it's probably my least favorite pizza around.  Pizza is way overpriced. A small personal 9" pizza costs about $8, and I equate the taste to that of your microwaveable pizza bites. If you like pizza bites, well heck, then dig in. Their pizza to me is just like saltine crackers with mediocre sauce and stale cheese. Not only that, but food takes forever to come out.I get drug to this place with co-workers every now and then, and our small 9" pizzas take 45 minutes to come out... That's ridiculous considering a pizza like this should cook in about 6 minutes.... On a plus note though, the servers are great and the atmosphere is nice, but ultimately I go out to eat for good food, and Jupiter's does not deliver.
3	Jupiter's is a fun place for families with younger kids, but it's not anything special for adults.  The food isn't spectacular, and the pizza is similar to Monical's thin crust pizza if you're curious what to expect.  There's a BIG arcade room with pool tables and video games, but this area gets PACKED if you go at a popular time of day.  I've only been to Jupiter's once, and I haven't really had the desire to go back.  The service was ok, but the atmosphere and food weren't anything special.  We also had a LONG wait to get a table and food.
4	Really like the pizza, really like the beer selection, don't love the sitting situation or the pool tables. It's too small to be able to really play. Go to Jupiter's II if you really want to be able to play pool. Come here for some pizza before and after a night of drinking.To this day it is the only bar my friends have ever been kicked out of for being too loud. It was a Saturday night and we were kicked out of a bar for being too loud.
4	Great pizza and friendly service.  The place is plenty big, so it doesn't get too loud.
4	Great bar with pool, the pool is 6 dollars and average selection of beer. Pizza is good there, thin crust that paper thin with a crisp bite to it. 10 larges on Fridays. Pool tables are in good shape which is nice for a bar. Don't really have to wait to long to get a pool table
5	One of the best bar/restaurants I've been to in champaign! I live in a tourist filled florida city so bars are a dime a dozen but when I stopped in here, all I could do is wish we had one down south! The pizza is cooked perfect, priced right, and served piping hott! Subs and sandwiches taste just as well, bar is fully stocked with local and national brews and a brilliantly educated staff can make any drink fast and easy, not to mention the games. 6+ professional pool tables and pinball arcade style games as well! All I can tell ya is whenever I'm in town I will stop to catch a ball game or eat some awesome food and drinks!!! 5 stars!
5	Came in here after a ball game to relax and watch some really good pool players. Man was I surprised by the excellent food and great service! Bartenders are super friendly and serve up awesome drinks at great prices! Love the pizza cant wait to try the sandwiches...will definitely return!
3	Pizza is served California Pizza Kitchen-style. Some people play pool during lunch. Don't play pool unless you're at Brother's.
5	one of my favorite places in downtown champaign. so much to do, so little time. if you wanna play pool, get there early...tables fill up faast. they have a waiting list at the bar, so make sure you get on it. we had to learn that the hard way. no worries, you have a dart board and a couple other arcade games while waiting.pizzas are solid. hawaiian is my go to. a normal person could easily down two of these bad boys, but i'm quite content with just one.
4	Just your average sports bar. My girlfriend enjoyed the thin crust pizza so that was good enough for me. Pretty large venue with plenty of seating. Friendly service. Very college-like.
4	delicious pizza!
5	Oh, I am a Lou Malnati's fan all the way - it's extremely difficult for me to find a pizza that stacks up to my Chicago style first love, so I was surprised to find pizza that I adored just as much in Jupiter's.  The original location in downtown Champaign is a lot of fun, complete with a well-stocked bar, a few pool tables, and a CD juke box which all adds to the low-key atmosphere. My hubby and I went there on our first date and have been back many times since then.  It's not a dive bar, it's not super ritzy, it's always clean and to me, being there feels kind of like you've just gone over to your best friend's house to hang out for awhile.  It's never too loud, never too crazy, they have great service and they do a fantastic thin crust pizza.  My personal faves lie in a dead heat between their "margherita" and "fajita" pizza.  Though this isn't the only place to offer these selections, they blow away the competition.  Jup's isn't even in the same class with anyone else, it just is what it is (awesome) and I love that about the place.  They just get it perfect every time.
4	Great staff, great beer selection, beyond decent drink specials, Gyro Pizza... done!
4	The decor is nice and makes for a nice ambiance. Good beer selection and pizza. Pool tables are some of the best in town. Overall great local place to go.
4	Another institution in downtown Champaign that has been here forever.  The bar area is nice with a few tables and big booths.  There is not a lot of sitting area if you come at peak hours.  So be warned.  Great billiard tables that go the length of this great old building, and people are serious about their pool here.  There is even a patio out back.  The building itself is ancient, and tons of character.The servers work hard, and are very friendly.  Though can get swamped during peak hours.  Just a couple of decent beers on tap.  Usually an offering from Bells, or Summit, and just recently I noticed Lagunitas.  The pizzas are great.  Crispy, thin crust that is awesome.  The specialty pizzas like Pizza Pesto is great.  Can't go wrong making your own as well.  They come in personal, 14", and 16."  Always a good stop downtown for pizza, beer, and fun.
4	The Pranzo mustard-cream based thin-crust pizza is pretty unique and the reason I keep coming back. Awesome. There's always a few decent craft beers on tap, although this is a place where you learn from experience the printed menu tap list usually isn't accurate. :(The service is always a little hit and miss--it'd be nice if the wait staff knew the beers better and had a better sense of timing (waiting for the check seems normal). But staff are usually friendly. For a place to get a chill dinner downtown, I'm a fan regardless of its shortcomings.
4	Good pizza.  It's thing crust with nice crunch.  Normally I'm not a thin crust fan but this was surprisingly good.  The place had a bunch of pool tables which were cool but it limits seating.  Luckily we got seats at the bar.
4	Was downtown this past weekend, looking to go to Seven Saints, but they had like a 30 min wait so stumbled into this restaurant. I went to the other one back in my college days, but this one I didn't even know existed. Walked in and it's seat yourself tables to the left, a bunch of pool tables to the front, and a long bar in the middle. Very limited seating, but it wasn't packed at all so that wasn't a problem. There was a weird draft hitting our table though, so we moved to one deeper in the corner since we thought it was the door, but the draft was there too. We just had to wear our coats throughout dinner.For 6 people, we ordered 2 large pizzas, one buffalo chicken, and one prosciutto. I didn't care much for the prosciutto, but the buffalo was pretty bomb. Ordered some small ranches (50 cents per though, what a rip) and it was delicious. It's deceptive that they cut their pizzas into smaller squares because you feel like you can eat so much more. We had 6 slices left over and it was about 42-ish dollars with tax and tip. So a large probably feeds 4 people comfortably, 3 uncomfortably.Weird thing though is when we asked for a box, the waitress asked if we wanted anything else. We said no and assumed she would bring us the check. But didn't and we sat there for like 10 more minutes. Had to grab her attention and then ask for the check. We weren't drinking or anything so I'm not sure why she thought we would want to just hang out. Minor inconvenience though so it's whatever.
4	Good pizza! Nice, comfy atmosphere! Prices arent bad! Good service!! Convenient location! I like to make my own pizza... Cream sauce, tomatoes, spinach, mushrooms and cheese! MmmmmmM!
3	Ever since Amandos Pizza on Philo road closed there has been a lack of decent places to go. Last night we thought we'd try Jupiter's. The big-screen TVs are prevalent and made watching the game easy. There are plenty of billiards tables in the summer when the students are gone. The pizza however was only okay. Thin crust, w a passable amount of toppings but no discernible signature taste or style. We also had a salad which was supposed to be Greek but didn't really measure up (no cucumbers, no onions). We'd go back but mostly due to the lack of quality pizza places in town.
2	The pizza was pretty good. I thought it was a little expensive, but it was exotic enough to make up for the slightly inflated price.So why two stars? Jupiter's has the second-worst service I've ever had, mostly due to the surliest, most hostile waitresses I've ever interacted with. Just awful. I'll never go back.
4	Amazing thin crust pizza!  We moved to CA and cannot find anything even close!  Good salty meats and delicious sauce!
4	worth the half off tues. guys... real cheese in those shakers. nuff said.
4	A really, really good sit-down pizza place, and so much better than Papa Dels (that's sacrilege in C-U, but it's the truth). The thin-crust pizza is fantastic, and reasonably priced. My girlfriend and I normally order either a pineapple pepperoni or a bacon pepperoni (sometimes half-and-half) and it's fantastic. I also love the atmosphere; I don't play pool, but the building is gorgeous (I'm a sucker for the tin roof) and the place is lively. The garlic bread isn't really worth it, and the beer selection is kind of lame (all the domestic Big Three bottles you can drink!), which keeps it from five stars, but I like Jupiter's a lot.
4	2 things I love. Good pizza and billiards. And this place has both. Jupiter's is a great place if you want to unwind from a busy week or simply...you need something to get your mind off an exam. Overall, this place gets a 4/5 from me purely because it doesn't have what it takes to get that 5/5 rating but doesn't settle for anything less than a 4/5.
3	I would have given Jupiter's 4 or 5 stars for the pizza. But they probably have the rudest waitress in Champaign. The other Jupiters location is much better as a restaurant. If you want a drink or play pool, then it would get 5/5.
1	Be forewarned. It's cracker crust pizza. My thinking on this is, I'd rather go to the supermarket, buy a box of matzoh, and spread a little sauce and cheese on it than pay big bucks for cracker pizza. But of course, this also sounds like a pretty horrible idea. But if you like cracker crust pizza... No, actually, I'm not going to say this is passable for cracker crust pizza. I have no idea what's good about this. Oh, doesn't Lunchables do a a pizza lunch? There you go, it's kind of like that.So, really what I'm saying is, I guess a lot of people like crunchy pizza, but if you're not one of those people, don't bother.
3	Came here after a wedding reception, in need of some grub.We ordered the Pizza Margherita - red sauce, mozzarella & provolone, sliced roma tomatoes, oregano & basil.  It was fairly tasty.  Not destination dining at all, but if you're looking for grub to enjoy with a beer, this will hit the spot.Despite the chalkboard announcing that large pizzas were $10 after 10 p.m. on Fridays and Saturdays, the waitress tried to stick us with the regular price.  She seemed annoyed I brought this up.  Check that bill, people.It's pretty loud, people are playing pool and I saw a man so drunk in the men's room, he was stumbling and slamming into the walls face-first.  So that's your atmosphere.I'd go back if I were looking for a late night bite, but there are probably better options out there.
5	If thin crust is your thing, this place is hard to beat. You have a huge selection of sauces and toppings, so go ham if you like. I think I tried tomato, kalamata olives, feta, pesto and chicken when I went. wise choice, it was perfection. However, I think it's pretty hard to go wrong at Jupiter's.The locale seems driven towards sports fans and the nocturnal crowd, filled with pool tables, an extensive bar and flat screen TVs everywhere. We see families there quite often though, and I'm sure you can order out. If not, possibly pick up?If you're judging in terms of flavor and thin crust crisp, Jupiter's is the way to go in Champaign.
5	A very consistant pool bar with great pizza. My family loved the atmosphere, design, food, and staff. You get exactly what you can expect, that's 5 stars in my book.
3	I do commend their varying selection of toppings for their pizza. I had salmon as one of my toppings and either the salmon was bad, or salmon just doesn't mesh well with pizza. Either way, it made the pizza just taste mediocre.
3	I feel bad about being so harsh, but I stopped in here last night for some drunk pizza (which is one of my top favorite things in the world), and was sorely disappointed. My friend and I ordered 2 personal pizzas, the Pesto and the Buffalo chicken. The toppings were fine (buffalo chicken was pretty tasty), BUT the crust was terrible. Someone from Brooklyn a few reviews down has it spot on--tasted like a cracker. This not thin crust pizza. Any random pizzeria in NYC would have had infinitely better thin crust than what these pizzas had. This was cardboard crust pizza. I know this ain't exactly NYC, but for a 4-star joint, I had higher hopes. I would have given it 2 stars, but I added an extra one because it was open late night.
4	Delicious pizza, fun atmosphere, good beer. Will be back again soon for sure! I recommend the prosciutto di parma pizza and the BBQ chicken pizza. Yummyyyy
