5	My car door latch mechanism had a problem, & I bought a replacement part for it at Route 66 Auto Wrecking for a reasonable price, but was told it would cost $35 for them to install it.  I decided to get a second estimate, so I came around the corner to this place where the friendly tech (sorry I didn't get his name) told me they would replace it immediately for $15!  A few minutes later I left with my car as good as new, so this is my new go-to place for any future door work or auto glass replacement.     :-))
5	I have been having the worst luck with auto glass this year.  When A quarter sized rock hit my windshield on the 17 a few days ago, I was ticked and worried about getting a new windshield.  That's when I decided to look up a place to fix the crack.  I went to 2 Save Auto Glass and the guy their took care of the problem within 30 minutes.  Best yet, it was only $25!  The crack is as good as it can get for the damage that was done, but the best part is that the crack hasn't spread anywhere else on the windshield which makes this guy's work top notch.  You might pay $50-$100 for that kind of work.  Highly recommend this place if you need a glass repair on your vehicle.
5	I called Luis on Thursday last week for a windshield replacement. I'm surprised he was open on Friday (July 4th). He replaced our windshield fast! With a two year old, that was a big plus for us. He was also friendly & did a great job on our windshield. We drove away from there feeling like we could see everything in HD again. We will definitely be calling 2 Save Auto Glass for all of our auto glass needs (they do tinting as well!)...
5	Venia de California a Phoenix y en el tramo de buckeye Arizona el cofre del carro se abrio y me rompio el parabrisas estabamos asustados mi esposa y yo la verdad que es un lugar Desconocido y enmedio de la nada realmente era muy desesperante . Pero entonces agarre mi Telefono y busque el yelp un auto glass service y como era Sabado alas 6 pm Nadien quiso ponerme el parabrisas asta que de repente encontre 2 SAVE AUTO GLASS y el senor luis una persona muy Profecional pero mas que todo un gran ser  humano despues de contarle Lo sucedido no dudo en decirme no Te preocupes enseguida Te pleb or instalo un nuevo parabrisas en realiadad que me senti muy confortado fue muy rapido muy Profecional y super barato pero mas que todo en Servicio es el MEJOR Lo recomiendo no hay otro como 2 save auto glass
