3	Tried the lunch buffet (takeout). Cheaper than other Indian places in the area but due to the small location size less variety of food as well (half the buffet table is salad bar/dessert/sauces), so it evens out. Nice touch: they weigh the buffet takeout, so you don't have to pay the full price if you don't load up.Naan: just ok, but I did get takeout so it might've suffered a bit in transit. Naan is best fresh and hot.veggie korma: very good, nicely spicy, good flavor, vegetables were good quality.pekora: nicely crunchy even after sitting in a styrofoam box for a few minutes, little salty.palak chana: good, nicely spicy and flavorful, right thickness of saucekidney bean chickpea thing I forget the name of: kind of bland, I usually expect more fire in this dish.tandoori chicken: not great, surprisingly. It was dry and surprisingly hot (spice wise) while being less flavorful than I'm used to. Maybe it'd just been sitting around for awhile (its hard to make dark meat dry!)lemon rice: yellow rice with fried peanuts in it. I liked the peanuts, gave it a nice crunch, but didn't really taste anything else flavor wise; could've just been plain old basmati rice.chicken curry: ok, this is why this place dropped a full star. The chicken curry is bone in, which would be fine if it were whole bone, but the bone is cleaver-chopped, which leaves tiny shards of barely-detectable bone EVERYWHERE. Seriously I was picking through this thing like I was dissecting in a lab to make sure I didn't kill myself with every bite. I don't even remember how it tasted. I realize this is 'authentic' but so is using a cow-dung oven to make naan and I'm betting they don't do that. Debone your chicken curry, you're gonna get sued.The interior decor is really quite nice (a huge change from when it was Wonderdogs, you won't recognize the place), the music wasn't too loud, there was a refreshing lack of tv blaring in the corner, the proprietors are very nice and conscientious, and things were moving along well in such a tight space (you're not going to like it at lunch rush if you're claustrophobic/have a phobia of strange people bumping up against/brushing by you). The vegetarian dishes are better than the meat dishes, and I didn't try everything available on the lunch buffet (two or three more items, a lentil soup, desserts (mango custard sounds really good but I didn't want to mingle flavors).Feels like the vegetarian dishes were better than the meat-based ones, and there is plenty of vegetarian on offer. Wish they'd add samosas to the buffet. Overall I'd recommend it if you want Indian buffet but don't want/don't have time to leave campus, just avoid the chicken curry, especially if you're feeding kids or something.
1	I went there for lunch. Honestly I have had better indian food than this but what made me give one star was an incident there. As I was standing in line for buffet, a guy came out and started putting dishes (I guess he was a dish washer) First he stepped on my foot and no apology. WTH. Then he went inside, came out and hit my head. Srsly? I didn't want to make a hassle since I went with my friends but I am never going to go back to this restaurant nor recommend this place to anyone. Owner should train his employees.
1	Went with family. Not many vegetarian options, oily preparations. Will avoid in future.
1	Offensively bad. I have never had worse Indian food. The rice tasted gross and was not basmati. Everything else was flavorless and not recognizable as Indian food. The naan was stale. My boyfriend and I went for the buffet today and left after fifteen minutes, unable to find something remotely good. I've had better and fresher tasting Indian food from the Whole Foods food bar or from a box. If you want delicious authentic Indian food that go to Bombay or Curry House.  Avoid this place at all costs.
5	When I heard that a new Indian restaurant was opening up right next to campus, I could hardly contain my joy. Campustown badly needed another budget Indian restaurant, and Ambar India fills the void perfectly. By no means am I an Indian food connoisseur, but the dishes that comes from both menu and buffet service taste phenomenal. I have been there several times, and I can't exactly recall the names of the things I ate, but trust me, they're great. And if one particular dish doesn't satisfy your palate, there are plenty more that will. The buffet changes daily, so there's no shortage of new flavors to try. Best of all, the lunch buffet is only $8, probably one of the cheapest and most fulfilling meals you can get for your money.Vegetarian options are limited for the buffet, but as a meat-eater, it isn't much of a concern. If you're looking for something with more flavor and spice, try ordering a dish off the menu, but be aware that the portion sizes are a bit on the small side.
4	No complaints here. The food is really good and the restaurant is run well for the amount of ppl frequenting the location.
1	Ambar Indian Restaurant, 605 S. Wright St., C:Inspected Dec. 5 by Champaign-Urbana Public Health District inspectors, with an adjusted score of 11 (35 or below is a FAIL) and nine critical violations including food such as spinach and cucumber sauce out of safe temperature ranges. Employees were also observed washing dishes without sanitizing before stacking on shelves. The restaurant is scheduled to be reinspected within 30 days.
5	this place is new and the quality of food is very good. They have an interesting selection of food for the lunch buffet. Their Tikka masalas are awesome!
2	Just went here today, was less than impressed. I ordered the Vegetable Biryani (wanted to try something that the cooks would be least likely to mess up -- kinda apprehensive about trying this place initially, haven't heard too many great things about it on campus, but I was craving Indian). It was just okay. Maybe even a little less than okay considering this dish was $8.99 for RICE. Whatever, they gave me a huge mass of rice BUT I am 100% certain they use frozen vegetables in the rice, which was my main disappointment. They absolutely used the frozen mix of ridge cut carrots, lima beans, and peas. Come on! What happened to fresh vegetables??? If you're going to be charging almost $10 for RICE, I wouldn't expect my meal to be anything less than fresh.Beyond this meal, can't really rate this place on their other options. Probably won't be going back when I need to satisfy my Indian food craving.
3	So this place suffers the same issue that all buffets do: average quality food for $10. If you want some Indian food, then it's fairly good. The choices don't seem many compared with other buffets. The coconut soup had a piquant spicy taste to it that I suggest anyone try.
5	This is my go place on campus lately- close to my department, reasonably priced, and the food is great. My only complaint is that the naan could be a bit crispier. Their saag paneer and chicken tikka masala is very good. I'm not one to get too hung up on service, but theirs is excellent as well. The only downfall is limited seating- But, if the place is full, as it usually is around 12-1, you can get take out buffet by the lb.
5	I've always loved Indian food and this is definitely one of the best on campus! You gonna love the tasty curry and the naan!!!
5	We were craving Indian food while on the road about two hours from home returning from vacation.  I assumed there might be some good places near UIUC.  And while this joint is nothing to write home about on the outside, it is the inside that matters.And boy, is that inside good! My party of six all had the buffet, and everyone loved it.  It might have been the best meal we had on vacation, and the price was right to boot.  The food was spicy enough to please my heat-loving palate, but there were mild entrees for the less adventurous.  Service was, in a word, good! And you can't always say that.All in all, I'm glad this restaurant is far enough from home that I cannot just hop in the car and go there any time, because if I could, I'd be there twice a week.
3	This place was pretty good, but it was a bit more expensive than the other Indian restaurants on campus. The waiters were pretty nice,  but the took a while top give us the checks.
2	My review applies to the lunch buffet only, I may (or may not) try the dinner menu. I found it average at best, the kind of Indian food that is good for people who don't like Indian food. Boringly mild, and lacking the range of flavors that is so appealing about subcontinental cuisine. I may return, but it will likely require some kind of sedative, or grand deception.The establishment itself is clean, and the people friendly. As far as restaurants go, it's fairly good (except for the food).
4	I went here recently on an almuni trip with some friends and were recommended to go here for lunch. The restaurant was very clean and had nice decor and lighting. We were pleasantly pleased by the lunch buffet selection, there was a good variety of different foods. Prices were very reasonable for lunch. And for a weekend during summer break, there was a respectable crowd in the restaurant (showing the popularity of such a new restaurant).While the food was not as spectacular as Bombay Grill, the pricing and variety will mean we will probably be back here on the next campus visit.
4	In a town where most of India restaurants are below average. This place is reasonable. Decent taste, well priced.BTW buffet is below average. I always get takeaways which are much better. Don't judge this place by buffet.
5	I personally love this place. It's so tasty and you get a bunch of food for only $8 if you order the buffet option. All of the workers are really friendly too and are really responsive waiters. I crave it every now and then so I'll stop by 2-3 times a month. They have some really good rice pudding and a bunch of awesome Indian dishes that i don't even know the name of but will shove my mouth anyways. I always leave happy and tired from eating too much.
5	Within Champaign, Ambar definitely has the largest selection of dishes, especially in their well priced buffet. Their aloo mutter and chicken tikka masala is amazing, as well as chicken curry and tandoori chicken which they have almost every day. The rice is fresh and naan is warm. The desert is usually sheera (amaaaazing) or gulab jamun but you can order kulfi or the rasmalai (also amazing)....the restaurant is owned by a very kind Punjabi family and the food, convenience and ambience combined make it one of the best establishments in Champaign. Makes my mouth water to think of it.
5	Awesome food with amazing variety of indian cuisine. It feels jus like havin lunch in a nice dhaba in India! A humble suggestion for non indian patrons...kindly try to opt more for vegetarian options to have a more savory experience. Don't miss on the Chaat samosa and gulab jamuns here!
4	This is currently my favorite Indian restaurant in CU.  I like their Palak Paneer better than my version (I tend to prefer mine to Bombay and Sitara) and really appreciate the ability to order online and specify spice levels. I also enjoy the aloo tikki and plan on trying more dishes here.
