5	Health nut or not go check it out . There's not another place in all the kingdom that's better....well this local kingdom, anyway!It's got a lot to offer and is very clean, safe and well run with professional staff readily willing to offer a hand or lend an ear if needed.Even though there is a lot to do on the inside, the outdoors is also very welcoming. Check their loaded schedule and they'll fit you in. Overall it's a great value, don't miss out!
4	I love this place !! Clean and neat with well maintained equipment.To me the gym at Foothills Recreation is a screaming deal. I have commitment issues when it comes to gyms so this is the perfect set up.  For a low charge daily charge  or a member ship or a punch card  you can choose how you want to use their service. I love their clean cool running track. You can run in circles until the cows come home with extra fans blowing and watching the bballers shoot the hoops  below ! Perfect for exercising and beating the heat. They also have great free weights, Nautilus machines, running, biking elliptical and towing machines in well maintained condition.  Easy in Easy out !  thanks City of Glendale for making it so darn simple.
4	Nice place to work out. Friendly staff nice environment.
4	pretty cool place.  kind of annoyed that we were told they'd lower the hoop for my 6 year old son, then when we got there they said they couldn't do it. Overall, still a cool place though.
4	Summertime got you down? Need a place to cool off? Then head on up to the Foothills Recreation and Aquatics Center. Sure, you'll pay a dollar or two more if you're not a Glendale resident, but its still far cheaper than the commercial waterparks.Once you get there, grab a tube and float around the lazy river, slide down one of two water slides, squirt someone with water, swim in the lap pool, or jump off the diving boards. With plenty of lifeguards and lots of room in the pool and on the deck, this is a great way to cool off from the Arizona sun.Family friendly and affordable - Highly recommended!
5	Sure there water slide and play area is not as big as the other bigger places but the lines are shorter and you get much more bang for the buck.  All in all a great time at a great cost!!!
5	I love this place and I love Stephanie in the concession area. This summer they've fine a great job keeping umbrellas on the table and the outdoor area free from loitering during children's swimming lessons. I'm sold
5	This place is pretty awesome!  We came here for a friends birthday party.  The pool area is so cool - it has a kids area with a wading pool, a play area where you can use water cannons to shoot at people passing by on the lazy river or people walking by.  There are several slides for adults and little toddlers.  There are lifeguards everywhere.  I heard it's only $4 to come here...though water parks are a lot bigger (and more expensive), this place would be just as perfect.  It's clean and not that crowded.  There's also a full service snack bar.  Inside is a gym for basketball, volleyball, pool tables and a rock climbing wall.
3	This fitness center is OK. The locker rooms are not nice. They are all concrete and dated. No sauna, steam room, or Jacuzzi. The lockers don't use keys so someone could steal your stuff. The pools are cold, and one water slide (the yellow one) catches on your bathing suit where the parts of the slide are connected. The other slide (the red one) is almost a straight down drop. Not good for chickens. The upstairs is for "VIPs only". It is a Silver Sneakers club, which I don't know what that is, but I heard it has a heated lap pool, and a sauna, steam room, and Jacuzzi. Not fair!!! The inside of the center is FREEZING cold. I keep walking outside to the 115 degrees heat  because it is that cold inside. I would recommend this place if you are OK with no luxurious amenities.
