5	Is this the hardest business name to spell on Yelp and find in search? Tu-pin-iq-ui-um. Phew.The name might be long but the place itself is very wee. It's not 'blink and you'll miss it' and it's right there, but I think it's so obviously there that people don't realise.At the top of Middle Meadow Walk and the Quartermile, before you turn right to George Square or go straight ahead towards George IV Bridge, there's a little police box stuffed full of fresh fruit and vegetables, with wheatgrass growing on the roof, and somehow squeezed inside a griddle to make fresh, buckwheat (gluten free) pancakes. It's a little square of Brazil right at the top of the Meadows.They have some fruit and smoothie options, although when I requested one not on the menu (just a combination of avocado, carrots, peppers, apples etc.) they were more than happy to make it. They have lots of vegetables in their juices and smoothies, more available than I've seen elsewhere, which I really like.I haven't tried their crepes but having just bucked wheat, it turns out I CAN eat buckwheat as it's not actaully gluten-containing-wheat (confusing much?) So all their food is suitable for coeliac folk :) And the crepes look amazing too, with meat and cheese, or fruit and chocolate concoctions. More of a Brazillian than French theme (as is often the way with crepes) with many meaty fillings.I can't wait to get a crepe then toddle along to the Meadows and sit in the sun enjoying it, maybe with an avocado smoothie on the side. This wee box is packed full of health and Brazillian sunshine, and shouldn't be so often over looked.
4	A great place for lunch...A touch of Brazil in Edina...Must go for the stew!
5	Great quick lunch option...Everything is fresh, homemade...Family owned and ran.
5	The best crepe in town. Filled with curried chicken, avocado, a sprinkling of cheese, sweet jalapenos, and so crispy and light.I've had juice and smoothies from this Brazillian kiosk before, and have wanted a crepe for so long. But for some reason it was always shut when I passed (Sundays mainly). Not on Monday though, oh no. I was walking home, thinking of what I could buy from Sainsburys for my lunch, when - lo! A savoury, GLUTEN FREE, crepe! Yes!The curried chicken is plainly described on the menu, but comes with a big punch of flavour. Lots of chunky bits of chicken, with a coconut-y style, African-tasting curry. Peppers, big chunks of avocado, not too much cheese so that it's stodgy, but enough to really make it tasty.I passed a personal trainer who I know from PureGym (we're weights pals) on the way home with it in my hand. He stopped and immediately told me he had cancelled his lunch plans to get one of those. Look at the photos I've uploaded. They don't do it justice, but you can see just how big and overflowing with flavour it was.Get one of these in you, you won't regret it!
4	Pir-piri Chicken Wrap with avocado, spinach, chilli sauce and cheese! Nom nom nom nom nom!!!Great place for a bite on the run, friendly service, fresh produce......tasty!!
3	I visited this place expecting to give it a 4/5 rating at least. I mean, how can you mess up a chicken n cheese crepe packed with the taste of Brazil?We'll, here's how - 'cause this kiosk pulled it off.Step 1: be thrifty with the food, and lay the crepe out so it looks it's got more food in it than it actually does.Step 2: claim to bring the taste of Brazil to your customers, then give them the same old filling that they will get in any sandwich place in town.Step 3: charge obviously more than the crepe's worth......et voila! Now, don't get me wrong. The crepe does not taste bad at all. I had the chicken something (not the curried chicken, the other one) which was nice and juicy and I downed it in a matter of minutes. It probably is the best salty crepe in town, but in a town famous for its lack of decent creperies, that doesn't say much. Plus, my half-empty crepe cost almost as much as some of the biggest chicken wraps in the vicinity, which are incidentally packed with twice as much grub. As much as I enjoyed the thing, I couldn't overlook this.
5	It's pretty difficult to find gluten free food on the go, and I've all too often had to settle for the emergency food groups of chocolate and crisps to fill the hole. As anyone with dietary problems will agree, it's a bloody godsend when somewhere safe and tasty appears.I discovered this place after they'd been open for about six months, asked tentatively about the sign that offered gluten free crepes and came close to tears when told that EVERYTHING they do is GF. Since then I've been back regularly, and have never once been disappointed (except occasionally on horrible winter days when they might not be open). The couple who run the box are about the nicest people you'll meet in this country, two eternally jolly Brazilians who seem to have bottled their native sunshine to spread happiness to their customers. If you have an awkward request they'll always do what they can to help, whether it's not having the avocado, asking to pick something up later, or thinking about other dietary needs.The crepes are lovely, and it always amazes me how much they can cram into them. I'm more of a savoury person so tend to go for a meaty filling rather than something sweet but both have at different times delighted my mouth and filled up my belly. On Saturdays there is Feijoada, a Brazilian stew of meat and beans, served with rice and greens. I can't count how many times it's been just what I need on a miserable Edinburgh day - assuming it's not all been gobbled up by the queues of Brazilians who come out specially or it.They also make an astonishing selection of fresh juices, often tailored to your mood, and I've seen many customers making faces of exquisite surprise when they take their first sip.They make their own chilli sauce, which is lovely and flavoursome rather than just spicy (say yes if they offer some!), and also Brazilian style cheese balls - GF of course -  which you can even buy frozen to take home for later. Oh, and if you work nearby they even deliver at lunchtime!
5	GO THERE. Gluten free deliciousness. I was so impressed. And they made it dairy free too (by using an almond milk mixture and replacing cheese with pumpkin). Fresh ingredients and really tasty crepe to hold it all together. Do yourself a flavour. I had chicken curry one, partner had sausage. We both loved it and will be going back tomorrow!
4	Awesome crepes - try the beef one its mindblowing! And gluten free too
