4	Tiny and unassuming, this money exchange point is built into the side of the Princes Mall. Although you won't find the cheapest exchange rates here the service is great.Occasionally, even if I'm in need of some change, I just pop in here and slap my cash on the desk and they provide me with any amounts of change needed.  Free of charge.A useful tool.
3	If you're in a desperate hurry for Euros, Roubles or any of the other worthless forms of Monopoly money that passes for currency in foreign lands, then No1 currency will probably suffice. Typical of all money changing outlets in tourist cities however, you will likely find yourself heavily ripped off, and receive an exchange rate significantly lower than the one advertised on the boards.Given that we hardly get any Euros for our money these days anyway, a visit here will usually result in an afternoon spent mumbling ill informed euro-sceptic political opinions, and hastily re-budgeting for the upcoming trip that's now going to cost twice as much as originally planned.If you have the time, go to the Post Office instead. You'll be waiting in a queue for 6 hours, but you'll get a better deal.
3	Having needed money for a brief jaunt to Europland for my birthday, I stopped in this tiny place in the hope that they would have better rates than some of the other places i had looked at.To my dissapointment, they didnt - the exchange rate was somewhat of a rip off - but I assume that is for the benifit of our tourist friends, so I can understand why. Never the less, the staff were very friendly and efficient.
4	This tiny currency cabin built into the Princes Mall is clearly very strategically, and cleverly placed, for people getting off airport buses and the like, and for reeling in wandering tourists in general. That bit of the street is always packed and it takes a hundred years to get anywhere or cross the road (whinge, grumble, complain).Anyway, obviously, No.1 Currency isn't just for tourists needing a quick and convenient Sterling hand out, it's for locals getting away on their holidays too. I'm always completely disorganised and massively last minute about everything, so for me this place is great for a speedy Euros pick up, not that you get many of them to the pound these days. Wow, I hadn't realised I was in such a grumbling mood before I started writing this.I'm not great at researching and going round places checking lots of different exchange rates, but apparently word on the street is that No.1 Currency, Marks & Spencer, and American Express have the most competitive exchange rates in the city centre, so if you're actually organised about your holidays, unlike me, it's probably worth going round these three and seeing what rates they're offering.
