3	Bummer that Lisa had such a bad time here. My experience was much better.A friend of mine comes here most Saturday nights for their karaoke set up and since I've never done karaoke (I still haven't!), I thought it might be fun to come down and watch my friend and the others. It was fun and the waitress did a fine job of keeping our drinks filled.Carolina Bistro is a one-off not-chain family-run restaurant. The menu is focused on Italian-style entrees. Decent variety of beers - a dozen bottled and a dozen draft - which is unusual.
4	Very good Italian in an area severely lacking in anything even approximating good Italian food. Good menu, good prices, good location.
4	I am so glad that:1. Someone else bought this place2. That Italians bought this place3. That there are no reviews for the previous business bearing the same name with the former owners because it is a whole new restaurant.  It's like Gordon Ramsey came in here and cleaned the place up.Somebody has been paying attention to the current dining trends.  Most of the main room is wide open with hardwood and tile floors.  The few booths are high and comfortable.  The side room that used to house pool tables now serves as a private room or extra dining space if needed.  The bar is nice and modern and boasts 12 beers on tab, the local one being OMB Copper.  The menu isn't limited, but it focuses primarily on pastas and pizzas.  Do one thing and do it well.  These restaurants tend to be more successful.I had kept up with the old Carolina Bistro on Facebook and as such have been keeping up with the new CB.  I have also seen their ads in the Fort Mill Times which also had an interview with the owners.  Wednesdays is $8.95 pasta night which includes a decent amount of one of 8 pastas, plus a small salad and 2 garlic knots.  I got the baked ziti which was good.  I can't say it was outstanding because it tastes similar to what I make at home.  My wife got the linguine with broccoli and olive oil and that was good.  It even had fresh sliced pieces of garlic.  The garlic knots were delicious.  The salad was fresh, dark green lettuce.  I got their homemade balsamic and vinegar dressing which was good.Our service was polite, friendly, and prompt, despite being a little unusual at first.  There was some confusion as to who our waitress was, and the hostess was also doubling as a waitress.  Thankfully things improved after that.The bottom line:  It's nice to have a home style Italian place near the house with reasonably priced fresh food and we will return.  Although the address is Fort Mill, it is technically in Indian Land on 521 about 1 mile south of Ballantyne.
4	Great food, comfortable atmosphere.   While there is a bar, it does not have a bar-feel, even with karaoke.  Food is always great, choices are many, and the staff has always been very atttentive.  Nice place to meet friends and have a good meal.  Lighting is low,  kind of reserved atomsphere.
4	Definitely becoming a go-to place for me. The food is great, mostly traditional Italian with a few southern favorites (like sweet potato fries!) thrown in. The antipasto salad is one of the best things I've tried so far, along with the lasagna. In all honesty, most of my trips have been strictly for drinking. It's a great option for those in the Ballantyne area as it is technically in South Carolina and thus the cost of drinks is much lower. They usually have Jello shots and pineapple shots (pineapple slices soaked in malibu/rum mix) for $1 every day of the week, very delicious! Plus the bartenders are really friendly and attentive. The bar area is a little small, but I've never not been able to sit right at the bar. Plus, they have TVs in the general seating area so if you end up over there you can still watch whatever game is on. Another plus, they have Buzztime trivia for those trivia-addicts like myself. This place is definitely worth a try!
4	Absolutely Love it here! Their food is always great!  My top favorites are the homemade crape manicotti, and Rigatoni with vodka sauce and their pizza... YUM!!   Plus they always have great specials too.  I can't wait to go back!!     Menu:  http://forms.360charlotte.com/122334/Carolina_Bistro_menu_web.pdf
5	Just went to The NEW Carolina Bistro for the first time since the new owners took over and let me tell you the place is amazing!!!!  Nicely decorated I love the fact that it has a seperate room for large parties. I was there on a tuesday night which happence to be lady's night. Lady's get half off entree's a definite plus but I would pay full price anyday! Dinner prices are $10-$20 very reasonalby. Our server  was a sweet young girl I think named Shelly she was knowledgable about the menu. After hearing about the specials I had the Chicken Parmesan my husband had the Angel Seafood both were great oh I forgot the free Garlic Knots they bring out when they seat you all I can say is YUM. My Chicken was just like my Grandma use to make and a very large plate at that I couldn't finish half of it. The Angel Seafood was a heaping pile of shrimp, clams and mussels over a big bed of angel hair pasta  in a wonderful red broth 2 poeple could easily split either of these dinners and have left overs. I wanted to save room for dessert but I was just to full. The server did tell me the owners wife made an oreo cheesecake but hopefull next time i go (which will be soon) they will have that again. If you a lover of real Italian food this place is a must try!!
2	This place has the potential for 5 stars but not as is today!!! We live 5 min away and after reading the reviews we were soo exited to try a place where we could became regulars, we walked in and the place looks super cozy and nice , here is one star!! The music was amazing , there was live music and was really great!!! That is my other star!!! The service was the worst I had n a long time, the waitress was careless , never checked on us, plates were Piling on our table, my husband got a bacon cheese burger, she forgot the bacon and didn't even said sorry, the burger was aww , nothing great , we had fried calamari , was blend and we didn't even get a wedge of lemon they advertised is served with on the menu!! But it was so hard to get attention from the waitress we were done before she came back. I had the chicken Parmesan , and for what I read on the other reviews I was expecting it to be good, pasta was overcooked , chicken was soggy and took me 10 min to get the waitress to bring me Parmesan cheese, and when she did she slammed it on the table like she was angry she had to go grate it or something!!! And last of all, the garlic knots sucked!!!! They brought 4 out for a table of 3 and they where ok, a little heavy but fresh, we asked for some more and I think they were from the day before reheated, it was steal . Well all I have to said is I won't be a regular here, and they need some management checking on the staff because service was terrible!!!
3	Formerly Carolina Bistro, Midtown has been open for exactly a month as of this writing.Not much was done to refurbish the interior other than to greatly expand the kitchen and put in completely new rest rooms. Otherwise, it is the same place.Menu is simple offering the array of appetizers, burgers, sandwiches, salads, mains and desserts.  Prices are reasonable and the servers are right on it.  Since Midtown is a franchise, the kitchen crew knows the menu and the management knows the chain and the business.Started out with a half order of onion rings...a nice option to offer a smaller size.  Not too bready and there was some spice in the coating.  The horseradish dip was super and we crunched those babies down with great glee.The Wife had a very good Thai chicken wrap, which she loved and my taste of it confirmed that as a good item. I had the wet beef sandwich which was hot beef, mushroom and onion on a soft hogie roll, like a Philly steak-cheese, but not near as greasy.  It came with  au jus and was not only wonderful and flavorful, but really filling.Sides are ample and downright generous.  The slaw was crunchy, lightly mayo and hint of vinegar.  Really refreshing and filling.  I could not finish the slaw.  Wife had their chips and they were nice, large potato chips hot from the fryer.  Iced tea readily refilled completed our meals.Will go back as there are a few more menu items to try.  You can try it too.
4	I've eaten here several times, all under it's current name of Midtown.  Wife and I just ate there again.  You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu dipped in their signature barbello (sp?) sauce.  I consistently order the shrimp appetizer and their chicken strips, both dipped in this yummy sauce. Their portions usually mean left-overs. This trip I ordered their fish tacos and was pleasantly surprised by both the portions and the flavor packed into this dish. The side is a black bean and rice dish that's tasty and compliments the tacos well. We did share an order of the shrimp though...CANNOT go there without ordering those! To top it off they have one of my favorite beers on draft, Holy City Porter. Formerly a native of Charleston, I love this beer and always order it when I visit Midtown. Good selection on the menu, has been consistent the 5-6 times I've eaten there, and a full bar. We'll be back I'm sure.
