5	Black walls, heavy hip hop beats on the stereo, cusions resplendant with Mexican wrestlers and Day of the Dead colourful skulls, a slushy machine mixing up a blueberry & rosewater frozen margarita, and a small but very effective menu of Mexican Street Food. Welcome to Edinburgh El Cartel, the likes of you has been sorely missed.Mexican food in the UK is often thought of as "take one tortilla, stuff it with a meat, stuff the rest of the space with cheese, pan-fry / deep fry / bake / leave as is, and serve with guac, salsa and sour cream. Rinse and repeat." I was always perplexed by the fact that an entire menu could be made of burritos, fajitas, chimichangas, tacos - and all these things were the same ingredients served in slightly different ways. And all of them were stody, heavy, flavoured with one spice, and not remotely Mexican.Anyway, that's enough of what El Cartel is not. What El Cartel is, is a breath of fresh air to the Mexican, and general dining, scene in Edinburgh. A one-side A5 menu that has about 5 small plates, then 5 taco options. And that's it. But trust me, that's all you need given how tasty and varied the options are.The chorizo and plantain fritters were just a taste bomb in my mouth (taste bomb of goodness). The steak tacos, oh my. Black taco, fresh, with slices of freshly griddled steak still pink in the middles, with just the right amount of dressing and cheese to not overpower it. I'd say with two starters to share amongst three, and two tacos each, it was actually a really good feed -- and cheap too!The blueberry frozen margarita to wind it all up was stroooonnnng but also good (I love tequila).I can see El Cartel becoming one of my favourite new eateries in Edinburgh. It's no secret or surprise that the minds behind the Bon Vivant and Devil's Advocate can do no wrong -- and this newest little brother restaurant is testament to that. Bravo, and viva!
5	Oy, listen up, don't go here. Seriously, stay away, if you know what's good for you. Because if you show up, and I'm there, I'll pummel you. (How's my drug lord impression coming across?) But seriously, this place is small, too small for us all to partake, and if everyone knows how absolutely amazing it is, they will all come buzzing around like flies to a carcass. Ok, ok, enough of the violent gang imagery. They invited it, though. And they're all men who work here. The owner, who was eating there when my friend and I were, is young. A bit too young, if you catch my meaning. So the food. Yep, it's spicy as hell, delicious, with combinations I haven't seen since getting tapas in San Francisco. Good tequila menu. The ceviche and guac starters got us whet, and the tacos finished the job. So, yes, bravo.
5	I was on a mission to try this new restaurant. After having spoken with a fellow foodie I had learnt that El Cartel make everything fresh by hand. Which meant they make fresh tortillas by hand !! This is a big deal. They also don't use the usual, masa harina but blue corn which is much more flavoursome. I was sold. It's been practically impossible to find this level of freshness with Mexican food in Edinburgh, I had to try it ASAP!We trucked along, to the old tex mex 2 location and were sat in a lovely booth. I was very impressed with the music selection, it's not everyday (or ever) that you hear souls of mischief in public these days.  The menu is very minimal but everything is cooked fresh, prepared to order. We ordered the guacamole & plantains, which were light and crispy. The guacamole had a little spice but nothing my toddler couldn't stand and was topped with fresh and sweet pomegranate seeds. Very lovely with the avocado pieces, and chunks of Mexican cheese (maybe cotija? A crumbly and light not very overpowering cheese) everything very fresh and tasty. And spot on taste wise.The tacos were very good, each pair comprising of many different toppings. The steak had salsa verde some kind of cabbage and spring onions . The tortillas were very tasty, they had this nice earthy corn taste that you  don't get from the store bought ones. Very authentic indeed. The carnitas pibil was spicier but also very tasty. The pork is roasted with ancho chilies  and quite literally smothered in a red onion escabeche but seemed more pickeled to me. Either way very flavourful and delightful.  We all enjoyed every bite.Really impressed and hope that this place does really well as the food is excellent and it is quite nice to eat homemade tortillas!
5	El Cartel is exactly what you'd expect from the team behind The Bon Vivant - slick service, bangin' food and dangerously delectable cocktails.My favourite thing about it is that these guys are consistent, putting them a mile above many other Edinburgh hotspots which can elate quite as often as they deflate. Everyone I've raved to about this place has raved straight back at me, which screams out that El Cartel is a winner. Nothing worse than recommending a spot to pals only for them to have a totally average experience.They have a pretty small space, but a bit of clever table arranging means that there are lots of cosy corner tables to be had. Decor is minimalistic, with plenty of skull art provides a welcome pop of colour. Baby cacti are dotted around, but beware a lot of them sit at ass-height.And the food. Every time I go I face the same dilemma - I want it all. Roughly 5 'starters' and 6 tacos, of which I think 2 flavours tend to rotate. The guacamole is wildly good - topped with feta & pomegranate, so you get the creamy avo, salty cheese, then a burst of fresh & fruity pom. These flavours dance across the tongue as if a Mariachi band were serenading the lucky diner (please note: ECM does not do Mariachi, it does hiphop). Served with pork cracklin' and/or plantain chips for dunking. I never go without it.Tacos all come in pairs making them easy to share. Again with the flavour dance: there is so much going on in each bite, in a very good way. Bang coriander! Bang chilli! Bang delicious meaty goodness! Everything is fantastically fresh, with brilliant texture and interesting combinations - so far removed from the stereotypical fajita/burrito/nacho situation which Edinburgh's Mexican scene has been guilty of for a long time. Not that there's anything wrong with that, it's just brilliant to see the team here showcasing an alternative to Tex-Mex.And now, the drinks. As if you needed another reason to hit this place up. El Cartel offers a rainbow of frozen margaritas, with flavours changing daily. Again, they avoid the stereotype and focus on seasonally flavours alongside classic margaritas such a the Tommy's. All tart & tasty with a good kick of Tequila. Speaking of Tequila, on the last count their menu boasted more than 50, and the knowledgeable team are more than happy to chat you through the options.With food service running until midnight at the weekends, it's a great place to satisfy a booze induced hunger. Alternatively, the homemade sangrita would make a dynamite hair of the dog when charged with Mezcal. And the food comes fast which is exactly what you need the afternoon-after (doors open at midday meaning there's no reason to get out of bed earlier).Every time I leave I'm already thinking about when I can next go back, and who I can show this little gem off to. A definite contender for best casual dining in Edinburgh.
4	when i saw that the doors of Tex Mex II were closed for good, i'll admit i was a bit heartbroken.  it had been one of my favourite mexican restaurants in edinburgh and to see that it was gone left me both nacho-less and with a small burrito sized hole in my heart.  but then, as the restaurant world turns, El Cartel opened its doors full of mexican goodness.El Cartel is conveniently owned by the Bon Vivant (which appears to be building a small edinburgh empire) that is basically across the street.  but instead of the cocktails and bistro food this is very much tequila and tacos.  i went for lunch time between christmas and new year and at 1pm found the place completely empty.  i was a bit surprised as there is always a bit of hype around a new restaurant but this suited me fine as it meant i had my pick of tables.  the layout remains very similar to Tex Mex but has a more rustic feel with some exposed brick walls and dark wood furniture match with purple hues.  it's cosy enough although was bloody freezing when i went for lunch!when my friend arrived we decided to order a few tacos to spilt between us and the guacamole.  as some have mentioned previously the guacamole with plantain chips is the true standout dish.  it was simple and delicious and i wish they had it in a to go option to take home.  between us we had the fish tacos, duck tacos, and plantain tacos.  they were all good, i particularly enjoyed the plantain ones but found the portions to be tiny.  this was good for lunch as you probably don't want a massive portion but may leave you hungry after dinner.we didn't try any drinks (it was lunchtime afterall) but they have a few varieties of margaritas on offer that would be good to try another time.  i do plan to go back, but not in a rush.  i thought the price was a bit high for what was on offer and while the quality was good there was just something lacking.  i know a new restaurant takes time to bed in so i'll make a point to visit again in another few months for the guacamole if nothing else.
