5	A reliable, trustworthy cleaner for your dry clean onlys that won't rip you off is hard to come by.  Green's owner, however, really gives you that sense that she cares about your clothes--she gave me tips, for instance, on how to keep crickets and moths at bay from my winter cashmere.  Best of all, she will give customers, new and old, a 20% discount with or without the coupon.  Try Green Cleaners out!
5	It's true, they give great discounts. They also claim to use "green" chemicals (there's the rub), so it automatically feels like you're saving the world, one monkey suit at a time. They do a professional job with a smile, and their turnaround times (even during the holidays) were impressive. These are my new cleaners!
5	Love, love, love Holly at Green Cleaners.  She always remembers me, and little details about my life.  Who does that anymore? Every time I leave this place I feel like I'm living in Mayberry.  Just for a minute though, until I nearly die attempting to turn left onto Camelback.  But Holly is amazing.   She always has things done on time and does a great job.  She even got pollen out of a white cashmere sweater of mine.  That, by the way, is one of the greatest feats in all of dry-cleanerdom.  Love this place!
5	Shoot.  4 great reviews on this place.  I guess that means it's discovered.  I have been going here for 2 years now and have to say that I have never been disappointed.
5	Flawless service!  I drive past 3 or 4 other dry cleaners to go here.  I have never had a problem and their prices are reasonable.
1	I was super excited to think that I would be able to get my clothes dry cleaned in a 'green' way... However that all changed when the cleaners lost my clothes for over a week. I had dropped them off and went to pick them up a day or 2 after they were meant to be ready and lo and behold, they were missing! Not to mention the annoyance of the occurence, but the fact that there was a new cashmere cardigan, Banana dress pants, etc, upset me quite a bit. The woman who informed me of my missing clothes said to call back the next day. So I called back and the woman said that she believed another customer had taken my clothes by mistake. Ok, I thought. Not a big deal. However the clothes were not returned or found (I never found out what exactly had happened caused the disapperance) for over another week! I went to the facility to pick up my found garments and expected to be comp'd the services (or at least offered a discount). Nothing was offered. I refused to pay the total amount due to the stress it had caused me (the clothes were meant for a business trip). I ended up paying half. The woman did not seem to understand the value of customer service or loyalty. I plan on looking elsewhere for 'green' dry cleaning services.
2	This place is not really great at all.  They use chemicals.  Seems like false advertising to me.  I found the lady at the counter exceptionally rude.  Items were not ready when promised.  Poor customer service.  I will not go back.
1	Avoid. Went here 5-6 times and was OK until I picked up my last batch of shirts. One of my Superdry shirts (with custom buttons) was not only missing it's bottommost button, all of the buttons were replaced with these cheap clear knockoffs! Not only did they try to "fix" my shirt (like I wouldn't notice) they didn't even bother to tell me... It's like they wanted to cover their  mistake without me noticing. Shady!
4	Very good service. Seems to be family owned. They have reasonable prices and did a good job.
5	I had a great experience here. I brought some shirts and coat here that were in very bad shape. "My dog" threw up on my shirt actually, and she got that nasty, disgusting stain completely out! I have been here several times and the proprietor has always been very pleasant and genuine to work with. I'm sorry some people had bad experiences here, but it doesn't seem like we are talking about the same business?
1	This place is a rip off and the lady that works there is shady.  You are left blind on the pricing of laundry when leaving clothes there unlike most places that will print the price on the ticket.  They have prices and specials stated online but they do not honor the prices in the store.  They state online that shirts are $1.99 and that you get a dollar off each item you bring yet I was charged $2.20 per shirt and $6.65 per pants and was not given the discount of $1 per item.   I will never go back to this place again.
1	NEVER GO HERE! The so called "owner" Holly is unbelievably rude and shady with how she explains the prices. I began asking questions and was told she will not explain over the phone and to come in? Definitely put a bad taste in my mouth and will never use them.
2	I don't go to the dry cleaners often, but I had a suit jacket, a pair of business pants, and a black dress that needed cleaning. I found a coupon for Green Cleaners in the local mailer. i was suspicious when the claim ticket had no price on it, as cleaners (I think) typically do. When I went to pick up my items, she rang me up and when I pulled out my coupon she said she had "already applied it" plus gave me "an extra discount." I thought, "Great! What a deal!" My total for 3 items with supposedly 2 discounts came to $35. I wasn't going to argue because I didn't ask the price beforehand, but I won't be going here again....I'd hate to see what a full priced ticket looks like!
