3	I grabbed a very late lunch in the Anna's lounge portion and was pleased. Service was very friendly and efficient. It seems the place is stacked with regulars coming off of the course.They have a few good beers on tap like Kilt Lifter, so you can't complain. Their scotch selection looks very good, but it also looks like the kind of place that may not sell a ton of the good stuff and thus let it go past its prime easily. Yes, liquor has a prime when it's opened. I simply got a diet coke, which was refilled quickly, and a club sandwich with fries. The fries were only okay - standard, slightly oily but hit the spot. The club sandwich was quite tasty, and had all of the essentials. Perfectly adequate sandwich.I don't have anything bad to say whatsoever, but I also cannot praise it because I had a pretty simple meal.
2	I cannot understand how the other yelpers could give this place good reviews.  My family and I went for lunch yesterday -- there were 6 of us.  Prices are not cheap, so you would expect some decent menu offerings and good food.  However, this was not the case.I ordered some deep fried calamari as an appetizer with a so called lime-chili dipping sauce. The calamari was tough and very bready, and dipping sauce came out of a bottle -- very disappointing.  I also ordered a chef's salad.  Not a very good offering of salad materials and my ham and turkey topping was pressed deli crap, not real turkey meat or ham.My friend ordered a prime rib sandwich.  Meat was not prime -- tough and tasteless and perhaps USDA Select grade of meat.  My granddaughter ordered breakfast and her bacon was cold and tough, like it was left out and cooked yesterday.  My son ordered Buffalo wings as an appetizer -- nothing special.  And he also ordered a supreme club sandwich.  Not very supreme with respect to its ingredients and they used plain white bread.  Grandson ordered some pasta primavera with shrimps -- he said it was rather tasteless.  And my DIL ordered a nondescript salad and some similarly nondescript egg rolls.I have had better food at places like Chili's or Applebee's.
3	Went for dinner again.  Had a coupon that I needed to use.  Surprisingly, the dinner service and dinner menu options were better and better prepared.  Maybe different chef for dinner than for lunch?  Anyway, it was pretty good.  I would go again with another coupon, but not if I did not have a coupon.  Pretty pricey since everything is ala carte.
1	I had not eaten at Anna's in a number of years because of the decline in the quality of food and service. After reading that the resort had changed ownership we decided to give give the restaurant a second chance. BIG MISTAKE. While the menu was more limited, the selections sounded appealing so I ordered the beef short ribs for $24. What I got was ONE short rib which was mostly bone and fat served over a small mound of mashed potatoes with two thin carrots covered with gravy. I won't be returning to Anna's any time soon.  There are plenty of other restaurants in that area with better food at much more reasonable prices.
2	I hate writing bad reviews, so much so that when I have a bad experience, I normally just don't write a review. But this was just nuts. Brought my whole family here tonight for my parent's anniversary dinner, 7 adults and 3 kids. I happen to work across the street from this restaurant and thought it would be good to give it a try. And it was rated so well on Yelp!!We get here and are seated quickly thanks to our reservation.We get waters from the nice bussers, but it ends up being about 20 minutes before someone comes around to take any drink order. Red flag numero uno. From then on, it's just one catastrophic circumstance after another. *Apparently, as we were informed later on in the night, they only had ONE chef, although they had taken at least 4 reservations that we could see for parties of 10+. *Also, there was no manager on duty. At all. On a weekend night, no less. *Our server was brand new. She was very nice, and apologetic for the disaster that was our dining experience. Which we let her know was none of her fault. How the management thought it a good idea to throw a brand new server on for large parties with no help is beyond me. *They were basically out of everything. If you google the menu, you will notice there is not an extensive list of options. Great, fine with us. But when four different people at our table are told that the selections they've made are out tonight (including my son's pick of MAC & CHEESE), then that's just unacceptable and further illustration of the poor management. Due to all of these events and the unimaginable wait time between any kind of event (30-40 minutes between ordering and receiving anything, including drinks), we were pretty irritated by the end of our meal. Added to that stress, the elderly table of 6 next to us was at the tale end of their similar experience, which lead them to complain quite loudly and argue at the table with a rather rude brunette server who was acting as a manager type and hearing them vent. After which, they started to ask our table if we were satisfied and having as bad a night as them. Ugh. I will say that at the end of our meal, after my little brother (who has been a bartender for 6 years and was FUMING) tracked down a bartender named Ruben, we were finally given an explanation (ill managed and unprepared) and apology, and were taken care of for out trouble. Ruben was very nice, and had great customer service skills. And although we were nice and smiled through the whole ordeal, I felt bad that he had to face the brunt of all the angry patrons that night, which from my count, was everyone in the restaurant. He's the reason there is an extra star in this review. Ugh. On advice per Ruben, I may try and muster up the gall to give this place another chance, provided on a different day and only with the server he suggested. But, we have all been warned...
2	OK; last nite I have this $75 restaurant.com coupon for dinner, so I made reservations for myself, S, and K at Annabelle's at the Arizona Golf Resort. Then we found out that S' kids would be driving up from Yuma so they joined us too. When we got to the restaurant, we were told the Annabelle's is seasonal and they are closed cause it is now their off-season. WTF? Why didn't they tell me that when I called and made the reservation? So we had to eat in the grill (coffee shop) and the menu was like a burger joint menu with a few Annabelle additions to it. The apps were mediocre, the salad OK, the soup was good according to S, but our steaks were crappy. They only had sirloin as opposed to the thick cut NYC, and these steaks were about 1/2 inch thick. Everyone ordered theirs medium well, while I ordered my char-rare. Well, suffice it to say I got medium-well too! The steamed veggies were OK and the Parmesan fries were good. For dessert, K had chocolate lava cake, and the kids and S had cheese cake. Everyone said the desserts were OK, but nothing great. S said her cheesecake from Vegas is far superior. K said she thought they ran across the street to Jack-in-the-Box to get the cheesecake and choc lava cake that they ordered. Our server was good and efficient, but overall service was slow, since she was the only server there and she was also the bartender. WTF???!!! The biggest issue is I paid premium, white linen prices for coffee shop food.
2	The prices are too high for the quality of food. The presentation of a $10 shrimp cocktail is to be on a glass plate with 6 raw shrimp. The cocktail sauce tastes like ketup! Tasteless!!  $10 Caesar salad was small like a fast-food side salad!! The $24 dinner special of prime rib was a $19 quality since it from the Friday special but microwaved for our Saturday dinner!The new owners have A LOT of improvement to do!!Date night dinner $73.00 should of been $50 at most, if you have these kind of prices the expectation of quality of lacking!! Afraid of what their Sunday brunch would be like!! Lesson learned!!
2	OK; I know I am a non-learner, but this time I mean it!!  This is the last time I go to this place.  We went for dinner last night because we felt that we could have a nice Xmas Eve dinner here.  Well, it was OK, but far from what I wanted or expected.  Let me begin by telling you that they have been advertising that they have a new chef with a new menu that is great!  NOT!!I call to make reservations for dinner and ask if Annabelle's Restaurant is open for dinner since the last time I went, I called and was told "yes" but in fact the restaurant was closed and we had to eat in the coffee shop.  I was again told yes.  I also ask if the menu is the same as what is showing on the website and I am told yes.We get there and order a couple of cocktails and start to peruse the menu.  First thing I notice is that there are no appetizers on the menu except for shrimp cocktail.  WTF?  Are you kidding me?  What kind of semi-fine dining restaurant has no appetizers?  And the rest of the menu bears no resemblance to what is shown of their website.  WTF?  So I ask if we can order from both the coffee shop menu as well as the restaurant's menu and they tell me yes.  That is a relief since I ordered some onion rings with some smoked chipolte dipping sauce and some nachos with chicken -- both appetizers are pretty good.There are four of us and we order as our dinners chicken ala king over angel hair pasta, chicken marsala, shrimp scampi, and a NY cut steak.  The dinners are MEH at best and they have no french fries or baked potato for my steak.  They do have mashed potatoes, but I am not a mashed potatoes fan.Salad of mixed greens and Caesar salad are fine.  But the dessert menu is pathetic and only one of us orders dessert -- a chocolate lava cake that looks like a Mac truck ran over a chocolate cupcake and they scrapped it of the road.The bill is $150 for four of us --- not expensive, but not cheap either.  But I think I can do better at another restaurant.So today, I am cooking/making (with my girlfriend) our Xmas day dinner for the family.  It will be super good.  If anyone is interested, send me a message or email and I will tell you what we are having.
