3	Sheesh, the last time I went to a BJs, I was screwing around in SoCal ages ago and probably couldn't afford a night of beer & pizza @ BJs on a student budget but went anyway...Fast forward to today--which means my student budget hasn't really expanded but I still end up tryin out BJs again.  Despite the myriad of beers, I knew what I was gettin--the sampler.  The bartender had memorized the details regarding beers offered in their sampler, which was impressive.  My six beers came with a place mat, describing each beer.Brewhouse blonde, hefeweizen, porter, a red, a stout, brewnette & an Oktoberfest were my selections.  I know the other beers had more official names but the one I liked best was the one I remember the name to--'Brewhouse blonde'.  It was light & a bit sweet.  (I'm not a beer connoisseur & have been a Miller Lite girl since I started drinkin beer). Would I recommend you try it?  Sure.  My sentiment on the whole place/experience/atmosphere is exactly as rated 'A-OK'.  Nothing fantabulous, nothing crazy.  Just another chain that is less cheesy.
2	So this wasn't my first trip to Bj's, but this was the most impressionable. It is close to my sister's house and makes for convenient dinners with the family. Last night was probably the worst experience we have had at BJ's so far and it left a bit of a sour taste in the mouth. First off, my husband ordered some pasta with lemon butter sauce, feta, chicken, olive oil, and some other stuff in it. He asked for no tomatoes or red peppers because he is a wuss like that. About 10 minutes after we finally ordered (and I mean finally) the waitress came out and informed him that the kitchen said his meal would be bland without the tomatoes and it would not be the same dish at all, then asked him if he wanted to order something else. After the award winning sales pitch he just received he said of course and asked for a menu. The waitress then disappeared, took another table's drink order, then made her way back with a menu. Secondly, our waitress was spacey, non existent, and never really checked up on us. Typically I would not be a stickler for something like that but one of the people in our party was given entirely the wrong meal. Somehow fettuccine Alfredo with blackened chicken turned into grilled chicken pasta with broccoli. The manager came and apologized but that was 15 minutes after the food runner went back into the kitchen to see about the order. Our waitress passed our table 4-5 times during this time and never once asked why a large plate of food sat untouched and every person in our table was turning to make eye contact. She never even apologized for the mix up later. Then they brought my niece's food was brought out about 20 minutes before our food. We were a little concerned when our food did not follow and then about 10 minutes later the waitress came to explain that she sent it out early since "kids eat slow." In reality it just lead to my niece being finished with her food before the adults and had plenty of time to frolic in the left over mac and cheese. Finally, when the bills were brought out she boasted that she did not charge our table for our non alcoholic beverages (an ice tea and sprite) and acted as if she had done us a favor. I would of much rather preferred that I didn't have to flag her down to ask for a beer (which ended up being watered down) and management would of taken some sort of responsibility for the long wait (35-40 minutes for food- pasta and a burger), poor customer service, and total mess up on an order.
4	Beer is ALWAYS good.But BJ's beer is actually really good.  Most beers, to me, are just that... beer.  But these had a great taste, texture and aftertaste.  I had the sampler, the blonde, the red, the heffe, the stout, some blueberry beer (that tasted like sparkling wine really) and something else that for the life of me I can't remember.My favorite was the heffe.  We had a bunch of appetizers... the avocado rolls are FLIPPING AWESOME!!! The just blind you with their awesomeness. (lol I love that Kung Fu Panda movie)  We also had the lettuce wraps, which were ok, and the chips and salsa.  The salsa was great... good texture and just the right spicyness to not kill you.Then after that we all had the Mediterranean pizza... it was GREAT.  That was probably THE THICKEST pizza I have seen in my life, without having the huge crust of a deep dish.  Incredibly good.Service was good with the waitress.  She was attentive and nice.The only thing that was bad was they advertised the pumpkin ale, and they had run out for the season.  If you're out, take down the ads!!We'll be back, definitely.
3	This was my first visit to BJ's and I liked it quite a bit. We went this past weekend for a family member's surprise birthday party. There were 22 of us in our party ranging from 2 years old to 90 years old. It was arranged for us to have our own buffet of food which was great! The service staff was cordial, but I wouldn't call them friendly. We had 2 servers helping us and neither of them cracked a smile...not once. They did provide adequate service for such a large party but to not crack a smile even once is kind of odd. We had cheese sticks, hot wings, and the artichoke dip with chips for our appetizers. They were set out on a table near us in buffet style. The cheese sticks were crispy on the outside and cheesy goodness on the inside. The artichoke dip was flavorful and the hot wings were actually quite good. The wings were served with NO SAUCE on them and you could add as much or as little wing sauce as you liked to your own taste. This I liked quite a bit. The wings had a nice crisp to them and were plenty meaty. The wing sauce had a good bite to it and I liked being able to control the temperature myself.  For our lunch, we had salad with a choice of viniagrette dressing or ranch dressing. It was a basic garden salad, nothing special, but it was fresh and crisp and looked freshly prepared instead of pre-made as one might expect for a catered lunch. We also had several choices of pizza. My favorite was the barbeque chicken pizza. We also had tomato and cheese, BJ's favorite, and I think it was Mediterranean pizza. The pizzas are Chicago style so expect that thick, fluffy crust. This worked nicely for the selections we had which were loaded with toppings. The crust was able to take all the toppings and not get soggy. There is nothing worse than soggy pizza crust. All in all, the restaurant was clean and nicely decorated. I would have given this a 4 star rating had the servers been more personable.  I'll definitely go back again with a group or just with my family and try some other menu selections.
2	I am very indifferent to BJ's Brewhouse in Peoria.  I was there for a family member's birthday party and it was served buffet/catered style which was fine, but I just cannot get over the attitude from the servers that this party had inconvenienced them somehow.  It's not like they had to take meal orders, merely drink orders....On the plus side, the refills were prompt so I cannot complain about the service, despite the cold emotionless automaton of waitress(s) that we had.  The appetizers were blah - cheesesticks and wings.  The wings were by far the best bet of the two.  The pizza was Chicago style deep dish and was a whole lot of dough, and 1 slice did me in.  One slice almost never does me in, so I don't think it was that good in retrospect.And this will seem a bit odd, but there was a strange beeping in the mens restroom that I could not tell where it was coming from.  Seriously, laugh at me if you will, but it was just kind of weird.
2	Disappointed...I mean, I expected much more out of this place.  Service - not very attentive.Food - average if not slightly below. (should you have to ask for WHAT the menu says it COMES WITH?)Atmosphere - nice, but rather sterile and cold (along with the seats under the A/C)Pricey - yes, for what we got and the rather bland taste (Fish & Chips / French Dip).Will we be back? - maybe - but not anytime soon.  The Yardhouse is hands-down a far superior place, service, food, quality and just all around better than BJ's.As Simon Cowell would say... Sorry!
3	I love the clean, cold modern atmosphere and long booths.  There's a spacious, airy feel.  Beers are above average, with at least one seasonal beer and several guest taps.  The new flatbread pizza appetizers are quite good, and although the pizza isn't a traditional Chicago thick crust, it still makes for a good thick crust pizza.  I like the calzones as well, though $13 for the bigger one is really up there in price considering that is the normal size at other places, and they don't charge $13.However, they are way overpriced.  $4.75 for a 16 oz. pint of beer is a bit steep, pizzas are at least a dollar or two higher than elsewhere, and even with the lunch specials we find that the tab for two people is always $50-60.  This is for casual pizza/brewpub dining, and we're not drinking a lot.
2	This place is ok. I love the curbside food pick-up option. This is great when you are on your way home from work and don't want to cook. Unfortunately the food is not consistent in quality.
3	We frequent Bj's a lot. I could see why people have said everything good and bad about the place. Sometimes there service is dead on, sometimes your on your own. Some menu items are fabulous, they have the best chicken wings in the valley in my opinion. Also there cheeseburger pizza is great without some items for me (pickles onions) The salads are always fresh, the chili size is good, the pot roast is some of the best I have ever had! On the contrary, The club sandwich is soggy and gross, and the meat taste really cheap and store bought. The wedge is kinda plain, and other items could be better.The beer is good with lots of different choices. But it is super cold in there sometimes even when it's 65 outside it's 60 on the inside, so bring a sweater for your bj expierience.  (by the way this is way cheaper than yardhouse, with food nearly on the same level)
4	Took someone here this weekend for a birthday dinner on saturday - it was pretty busy, but we were fortunate to find an open seat at the bar. This BJ's seemed a little smaller than the Chandler location, but that didn't really bother me. Our service was good and the bartender was really chatty though I didn't mind. Started off with some Hefeweizen, clam chowder sourdough bowl for appetizers, and some BJ's deep dish pizza for dinner. Food was really good, servers were nice, so I'd definitely come back again.
4	I love their Mediterranean pizza and they also serve great beers.  Piranha ale is my favorite, and definitely worth the drive to the suburbs.
3	Great lunch selection and pricing.  I had a cup of soup and a half a baked potato.  Soup was great.  Potato was decent.  I also had a beer, the Oasis seasonal.  Yummi!  They said it was like a fat tire, but smoother, and i totally agree.  I'd go back for sure.  They weren't too busy, but regardless, the service was great.
3	"Chicago style" pizza was not Chicago style, but other than that - the servers were nice, decor was smart, and the food was good.  Tasty brews as well!  They have a spinach and artichoke pizza I highly recommend trying.
1	Food sucked!!! Very bland!!! Plus service was very slow. We were there for 45min. Before we got any salad or meals. Shoulda known better than to eat at one of these corporate owned garbage places. What a waste of $100 !!!!
4	I have eaten at BJ's several times and I have never been disappointed, today was no exception. I took a friend that had never been there before and she was very pleased as well.We had a Margarete pizza appetizer that was delicious!  We had chicken sliders and beef sliders and they were wonderful!  We had an excellent server, our food came quickly, was hot and really good.I would very much recomment BJ's and besides, they have Pepsi products - Hurray!!!!
2	I went there after driving 9 hours from California. I was starving and decided to go there, because it looked pretty good. We split the basil-tomato-mozzarella pizza which was just ok. For the main course I decided to get the Bj's Burger, expecting that the burger which is named after their restaurant is the best burger they have. Normally after a 9 hour drive and I am extremely hungry everything tastes great, but the burger was probably the plainest burger I ever had. I doubt that we will return to this restaurant.
2	It was dinner time and we decided to go to BJ's. I knew since it was 7:00 there would be a wait. We were told it would be 45min. This was fine with us. We were seated in about 30 min. The layout of the restaurant is open but the noise level was not bad. You can easily carry on a conservation at your table. We were seated by a very energetic hostess. I did not get her name but she made you feel like they were glad to see you and service was going to be great. Our waiter was Gabby. She took our drink orders quickly and brought our drinks. I finished my ice tea before our meal was delivered. It was several minuets till this was noticed and was offered a refill. Everyone ordered and food was delivered in a reasonable amount of time. I had ordered the half soup and salad. Not anything complicated. Wedge salad and clam chowder in a sour bread bowel. Others ordered BBQ chicken chopped salad, Angel Hair Toscana, and a Traditional Calzone.  All the food did not arrive at the same time and we had to ask to get the remainder delivered. My clam chowder was very bland and did not have much taste. There was plenty of clam meat but it was hard to tell it was clam chowder by the taste. Definite don't go for the clam chowder. I asked about the calzone and was told it had almost no filling. Very little cheese and was mostly pizza dough. So don't go for the calzone. The others reported their chicken salad and angle hair pasta was very good. We had to wait again for some time to get refills on drinks. Our waiter was not very attentive. Will I go back? I will probably give them another chance. I do know what I will not order next time. I do like the look and feel of the restaurant.
1	Bad service. Took too long to to get our food.Beer was ok not worth the wait
5	Ummmmm.    beer.  Tried the porter and red.   Both good.Then I went  back a month later and had the Chocolate Stout.  That one is the best yet!!
5	nicest BJ's around.. the micro brews were amazing and the chicago style pie is great
1	I visited this restaurant four times last week. All four times I sat at the bar. The first time I has good service and a personal pizza that was good.  I drank the IPA.  I was excited about having another brewpub nearby. The second time there was a second bartender. She was in the wrong business. She was not happy to be there and made sure you weren't happy either. No personality, slow and inattentive. I had the pale ale and the IPA with chicken wings. Once again the beer and food were good. The third trip the first bartender was on duty. OK service, nothing to write home about and the red beer was very good. Up to this point I was looking forward to visiting again. On the final visit the first bartender spilled an entire glass of beer into my and my guest's laps. Accidents happen. I expected that at least the first round of beers would be free for having bathed in beer earlier. When the check came all beers where on the check. I asked about getting the beers taken off and was told no, it would get her in trouble. I shouldn't have had to ask. When I did something should have been done. I paid my bill and decided there are plenty of places with good beer and good food. The service I had from the two bartenders is the best reason to not return. Occasional bad service is to be expected but two bad bartenders out of two says management needs to pay closer attention.
3	Been to this location a few times, I just can't LOVE it.  It is ok.  Decent service, decent food, large menu selection, large drink selection, but nothing fablous about it.  =(  Mac & Cheese = Yum, the goldfish crunch on top is goodFrench dip = goodBurger melt = goodBaked Alfredo Chicken Potatoe = goodHalf baked cookie with ice cream = goodMaybe it is because I have had the some items else where and those tasted fablous!
4	I've been going to BJ's Restaurant since i was a little girl and i'm really glad that it is still around.  My husband daughter and i were in the area and decided to stop by and eat some good pizza while watching some Sunday Football.  The.y have several screens, so we were able to watch several games at once and were were lucky enough that there was one booth left at the bar.  We ordered half pepperoni and half buffalo which is one of my favorites and of course the artichoke and spinach dip.  Our pizza arrive and it was perfectly fine but our server thought it was overcooked and surprised us with a whole new pizza without warning.  We had originally ordered a large and we think he misunderstood and brought us a medium, but he ended up bringing a whole other one without even asking.  We left with our stomach's full otherwise we would have ordered a pazzooki...darn.
2	I can sum up my experience at BJs in one word...Fail! First off, we called ahead on a Saturday night after a Coyotes game, and were told 30 mins. We show up with 5 mins to spare and were told we would be seated in 5 mins...right on time. Only 5 mins in BJs time is 25 mins! At the 15 min mark I asked how much longer it would be, but was told they simply "don't really know". While waiting for our table we were repeatedly told by the staff how tired they were. Once seated I was firmly told by the waitress that they do NOT have Dr. Pepper, Pibb, or anything similar! They were awful proud of their root beer! :(. I hate root beer. My wife and I decided to split a large bacon cheese burger pizza at the reasonably low price of $24!!! Although the pizza was good, by no means was it worth that much. Way too greasy, and although we asked for no tomatoes, they seemed to put double the norm. It would have been sent back, but again BJs time is about double normal time. I wanted to like this place, but the experience was just too poor to even give them a second chance. Take a pass if your in the Park West / Westgate area!
2	BJ's is an alright place, taste-wise. The food is good, the drinks are good (I've only ever had a few of their cocktails but my boys assure me the beers are pretty decent). It's a sports-bar type of place, with a lot of TV's everywhere, including a giant six-way screen over the bar. The decor has a warm feel to it, lots of mood lighting and dark wood everywhere. But by far the biggest draw-back is the wait time and staff. This BJ's seems to either be tragically under-staffed, or suffering some kind of server quality issues. You'll wait half an hour at least unless you show up at just the right time. Your drinks will take another fifteen minutes to get there; yes, even if they're just fountain drinks. If you order beers or cocktails it will take just as long if not longer. The one time we ordered an appetizer, the waitress completely forgot to bring it out, and tried to smooth over that by saying, "Oh, I kept looking over at you guys just sitting here and I thought someone else had already brought it out and you ate it already!" That was the weirdest excuse I've ever heard from a server. So you not only thought another server picked up your slack without telling you, but you saw us sitting there for fifteen minutes with empty drinks? (This is where I would concur with another reviewer...I did notice that near the restrooms, a group of the same servers were always standing and talking and laughing.) She also acted upset and confused when we asked her to remove it from the bill. Why would we want our appetizer after we've already finished the entrees? Our server was very sweet, but she seemed very ill-suited to the job.All in all, if you're used to NYC-like wait times for everything, then this shouldn't bother you. Usually I am very patient for my food as long as everything else is going well and the drinks are flowing. But when you're sitting at a table with an empty glass full of melting ice and you're starting to think you were forgotten, then my opinion of the place starts going down. I've been to this location five times and my experiences have been exactly the same.
3	Whew. Ever feel like you've been sucked into a black hole where no waitstaff can find you?I and others in my party must have worn our server-repellent tonight. We weren't on her radar AT ALL. Spoke to the manager, and she was apologetic, which was good. She comped our desserts.Speaking of which, I found a chunk of chicken in my pizzooki. Chicken. I could not stop laughing! This meal was like the Charlie Brown of meals. Nothing went right!Good grief!
4	Good beer, good food, good time at BJ'S. We love going to BJ's. Warning, its a little loud.
5	We moved to Phoenix the day before Father's Day and I asked my dad to pick a place he wanted to go to dinner and he told me his favorite place to go was BJ's. I heard the name and I wasn't too excited but I figured it was his day so we'd do what he wanted. I fell in love and we've been there 4 times in 3 weeks! I always get the BBQ Beef sandwich with a salad instead of fries. The tangy bbq sauce and the crispy friend onions on the mounds of yummy roast beef is so good. Having all that on top of a garlic cheese hoagie is the best. This is totally a knife and fork sandwich. The best I've ever had!My twin boys always get the kids pizza. I might head towards a pizza next time. The crust on their pizza's always make me want to sneak a piece!
2	Overpriced and the food is not that great!
4	This is an update to my original review. The last time we went to this location, we bellied up to the bar at the front instead of getting a table. You can eat your dinner up there too, which is convenient. The bartender doubles as your server. We went there on a Friday night, and while the restaurant behind us was busy, the bartender was amazing. She was very attentive and quick, and the drinks were perfect. Unless you're in a party of 3 or more, I'd definitely recommend sitting up at the bar!
4	I'm a big fan of BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse.  My boyfriend and I have been there three times and each time, were extremely happy.  The service has always been good and the food is delicious (especially the parmesan crusted chicken! yum yum).   I am usually a little hesitant with breweries because I have a very small range of beer that I find tasty but they have a few options that even I love! I definitely recommend!
4	Good food, good service, good price.
5	The Menu here is really great.  So much to choose from and its always good.  No mater which location we visit our service is always good and we never have to wait long to be seated.  The Jambalaya is a big favorite, and the pizza here is awesome.
5	Great place to meet with friends :)Good ambiance, staff is always friendly, you hardly ever have to wait too long even when it's crowded & the food is much better than most chain restaurants. I highly recommend the avocado egg rolls appetizer (enough for 2 people to share) & the BBQ chopped salad (it's a huge mound!! I normally eat half & take 1/2 home).
2	I LOVE the BJ's in Desert Ridge, where I used to live, but the service at this location is not super awesome. There is one server here I like who transfered from the Desert Ridge location, I believe her name is Julia, but other than that I have not been impressed. I seem to get the same server every time I go there and she just always seems annoyed to serve me.  She and the bartender didn't know what a cadillac margarita was? Just seemed weird to me.
3	First of all, I'm totally guilty of chuckling at the innuendos. You bastards really bring out my inner 8th grader. I came here during happy hour with a group of around 15, and I'm always pleased to see my large group accommodated. I was informed that during happy hour, all mini pizzas were 1/2 off. I wasn't that hungry, and I'm always hyped for new foods, so I snatched up a menu and looked at the options. I stuck with the BJ's favorite (pretty much the works) and even paired it with their recommended red ale.The pizza was just so-so. I loved the buttery, deep dish crust, but the toppings were just warm or room temperature, like half of them were thrown on after the pie was already done. Dislike. The beer was spot on, but subsequent requests for adult beverages were met with a suspicious delay...and then the manager came out to make sure all was well. She seems very reluctant to serve alcoholic beverages, as opposed to other restaurants in the same price range that encourage you to let loose. Maybe they think they're classy?In any case, I had the blonde hefeweizen and the Grand Cruz, which came in a small goblet and packed a whopping 10% ABV. Not that you would guess that by tasting it! You may want to be picky about the mixed drinks, however, as my mojito was pretty bland.I'll come here again and try more pizzas and of course, more of their delicious beer. I won't stay too long, however, unless I finally come across something enticing on the list of traditional entrees.
4	So, I ran out of gift ideas for Christmas.  I found myself at Fry's at the gift card section.  I decided to buy my wife a couple of gift cards (cheaper than jewelry).  I picked up a Carrabas and one to BJ's since we had never been there.  Our friends did tell us that they liked it so I thought, why not.  We stopped in for lunch yesterday and sat at the bar.  We were greeted as soon as we sat down by the bartender who took his time to go over the menu and the beer selections.  We did sample a few different beers and they were good.The menu is very complete and looked good.  We decided to try a sampler plate and a couple of side salads.  The food was fresh and prepared perfectly.  I am sure we will return again.   It was a great experience and total cost for "lunch" and "some" adult beverages was under $40.00
5	Love this place!! We always get their wings (traditional with hot sauce) and pizza.. so yummy!! Usually have great service as well!!
5	I've been to BJ's twice now.  The last time I ordered a Jalapeno burger with fries ($9.95) with a stout beer called Tatanka ($5.00). My daughter had a cheeseburger and fries. She ordered her burger well done and I medium. Both burgers were perfectly cooked, juicy and as good as a hamburger could be. What made it most wonderful for us was the waitress was expedient, never letting us sit there with an empty glass ( within 30 seconds of our glass being empty she was there to see if we wanted more). The beers are phenomenal the decor is easy on the eyes. Bathrooms are clean and well kept. Our waitress made us feel as comfortable as if we were at home.
4	Lacey, Lacey, Lacey...you're a rock star!We went a few weeks ago with another couple and Lacey was our server.  As we all know, service can make or break an experience and we were so happy to get Lacey.  She knew the menu, made great suggestions for cocktails, had a great smile and attitude.Here is what really made the night...my husband and I split something and it came with fries and he likes thick and I like the shoestring.  So, Lacey took it upon herself to do half and half on our order.  I know, it's not rocket science but the fact that she took an extra step and thought outside the box was awesome!She is a true asset to this organization.You go girl!
4	Yes I am a fan. Good food and drinks. Service is great as well.
3	Food here is ok. I can typically get in and out quickly.  The servers are always pleasant.  The food is priced higher than the taste but that happens to often these days.
5	Great wedge salad. The BJ's special pizza was very good, the crust makes the difference here.  Pazookie trio worked well for my family.
4	Asked for Extra crispy, crispy calamari and  enjoyed it.  My 7 year old did too.  Patty melt was very good.
2	One word review "meh". This place was seriously average, mediocre, nothing special. Great service but beyond that it was nothing to write home about.
2	Terrible service. Very disappointed. I live the beer but if you're not spending money with a group then forget it. Come on. If I'm not getting good service being by myself for a quick beer why would I come back with a group or even another person? The second star is for the good tasting beer I had.
5	Best happy hour on this side of town. The bartenders are very friendly and service is always prompt. I've never had a bad drink or a bad meal here. I only go in if Jennifer is working though! The bar has plenty of TVs too.
4	This place has everything, and you will not be disappointed....that is, after you finally get to sit down!  Unfortunately for those of us who don't want to wait to be seated, this place has been discovered by many, and there is often a good crowd waiting outside on the weekends. The good news is, it is worth the wait.I have been to this place several times, as it is close to my home. If you are the indecisive type, the good news is you can close your eyes and point to something on the menu and it WILL be good. Fresh salad greens and tomato/mozzarella salads are a welcome retreat from the romaine fare at other places. The fish and chips here is reminiscent of the traditional Wisconsin fish fry I sometimes miss. The burgers are great, the sandwiches never disappoint. A full bar with a great beer selection will leave you wondering at the end of the night how your bill ended up so high (oops).  Our last visit, we just sat at the bar and munched stuffed mushrooms with a pesto sauce - a steal at $4.50 off the "small bites" menu - and thai style wontons dipped in sesame. Supposedly the deep dish pizza is good, but I have yet to try it, since it looks like a meal that would feed four people minimally.One observation I've made is that this place, being next to Fleming's (a more pricey restaurant), leaves people confused in terms of attire. You'll see people their Friday-night-out attire, but there will also be a family coming straight from a baseball game, the kids still dusty in their little league uniforms. To me, BJ's has a dim, refined, date-night atmosphere that invites couples but is a great meet-up for business associates. Now, I'm a mom, but if you're going to bring the kids, please have them in decent clothes and on their best behavior.This isn't where you would choose to go for a "food adventure," but it is the place you would take friends with diverse tastes in food and booze, or maybe the in-laws from out of town.
3	The food is pretty consistent and good.  We are usually looking for a change of pace from I Hop or Village Inn type fare  when we go to BJs.   Usually have to wait to be seated so we try to avoid the usual peak hours.  Service can be inconsistent.  Sometimes have to flag down other staff to get served.  Luckily they've been responsive.  We've learned to be aggressive about getting drink refills.  The burgers are good. The Tomato soup is great and the Angel Hair pasta is good too.  Avoid the flatbread sandwiches- uninspired.  Ambiance is okay but acoustics aren't great- loud.   Parking is lacking especially on weekends.  We will be back in spite of spotty service.   Good alternative to the AppleBees routine when you are looking for a restaurant that serves alcohol.
4	Sooooo....if I'm feeling saditty this is where I go for too loud music and a lot of sports on multiple tvs throughout! Clean and spacious and the food is yummy despite the occassional grumpy server. Its pricey but that is expected from a 'higher end' sports bar! I don't have any major complaints and I do have a compliment on the great desserts! I am a sweets whore and they fulfill me needs quite well! Great place for a group meet and eat!
2	We are usually good with everything at BJ's, fine service good deep dish yummy cookie pizza, but this last visit the service was the only good part (which he really was, so he gets props!) But they not only made our pizza wrong, they were sloppy and rushed about it, the ingredients were piled very uneven, not cooked right, some were even left off and we paid for them, our server did a great job helping to correct the situation by remaking our pizza for us, but even the quality seems to have shot way down, I am gonna have to look elsewhere for my deep dish fix...
4	Fun atmosphere-good pizza, good size small appetizers, good tomato and mozzarella salad and Excellent pie-zookie (warm cookie with ice cream on top).
5	Food was good! Service is great! We'll be back soon! The double chocolate pizookie was my favorite!!!!!
1	Very disappointed !   We were asked to wait and sat down to watch people coming after us being seated.  We asked again and told they would get to us, and no they were not taking names.  Waited again and were not seated until it happened again.  We were seated and not given menus.  When I asked about gluten free we were given a list of foods in different categories, with no prices.  Asked again and were finally given a menu.  We made our choices and waited a long time for each course.  We reminded our server 4 times about our dessert and waited 40 min to finally get it.  The check came and were charged a dollar more for an item the server quoted.  Her answer was "sorry, I was wrong."
2	The place is nice. Service was ok. The waiter poured too much water where it splashed on the table and just said "oops"...We got their deep dish pizza whth roasted garlic and fresh basil; Their definition of deep dish is thick crust, so that was disappointing. Their pizza sauce tasted like rotten tomatoes. yucky. I got the tomato bisque and I've had better tomato bisque in a student cafeteria. We also got their sample appetizer platter and I only liked their avocado rolls and their mozzerella sticks. The rest was just gross. I don't recommend this place at all. Only reason they got 2 stars instead of one is because I liked the way the place looked.
3	I like this place. I like the pan pizza and can always find something on the menu since it is a very extensive menu.
4	While in the area we wanted something for lunch but knew we'd be having dinner out that same evening. Not wanting to fill up too much we ordered an appetizer and entree to share. The lettuce wraps with shrimp were so good! Fresh and crispy veggies accompanied seasoned shrimp all wrapped in butter lettuce leaves. It was light and tasty. For our entree we ordered the Hawaiian mahi mahi which came with a pineapple, red pepper and onion mixture over a bed of rice. The fish was a little overcooked but still tasted pretty good. Star for the water glass test!
4	i don't live in or near glendale so i have no idea what there is to eat near where we were shopping/staying for the day. after some google and yelp searches for places that had menu items we could eat, we settled on BJ's. i've been to a BJ's before in southern california. it is good. a well-rounded menu and pleasant staff. they kept the water glasses full. we shared the lettuce wraps. the shrimp was well seasoned and cooked well. we also split the hawaiin mahi mahi. the fish was a little overcooked, but it still tasted pretty good. prices are comparable to any big bar/food chain. i would eat here again.
4	I had luncheon bleu cheese flatbread pizza and salad. Loved the flatbread and salad was tasty with variety lettuce not head lettuce.  Three of us shared a chocolate pizzooky and it was scrumptious. Nice environment and friendly waitress. I would recommend.
3	Most of the time the service at the bar is good.  Food is alright.  I enjoy a few of their beer selections.  Attitudes of the management could be a bit better though.  I also wish they had more selections on their small-plate menu.
4	I have had great food every time I that I have came. The prices are very reasonable.I love that they have a great selection of beer and WINE.  My favorite dish is the parmesan crusted chicken! It is delicious. But I have had differnt apps and even the burgers are good. The only reason for fours stars, the service can be so hit or miss.
4	So, as you all know, BJ's is an unfortunately named chain restaurant. I went last night with the BF and his parents as it was his mom's birthday and that's where they wanted to go. It was actually a pleasant surprise! We all got drinks, I had the skinny -rita, which was really good, tart and fresh tasting. The BF got a snakebite, which was, as always, delicious. For dinner, I had the soup and salad with a caesar salad and tortilla soup. Going the 'healthy' route (I know this was not healthy in any way). The soup was very good and flavorful. They serve it 'fancy' style, putting chicken, avocado, tortilla, cheese, and bell pepper in the bottom of a bowl and then pouring the broth over the bowl table side. Nice touch. The salad was fair. Everyone else reported that they enjoyed their entrees. We had pizzookie for dessert, a half baked cookie with vanilla ice cream, delish. All of this for only 80$...pretty good deal. My only complaints are minimal and include: I wish they offered half portions at discounted prices....the portion sizes are way too big and there were a lot of things that looked good on the menu, but I wouldn't order them because I didn't want such a large portion. Also, this restaurant is busy and the wait to eat here is a little over the top....I wish that they took reservations. Overall, this place was good, especially for a chain.
4	I have been here many times over the last four years of sunbirding here in the desert.I have tried many different things and with one exception have always been pleased.  The service is prompt, friendly and knowledgable.  The house chard is a generous pour.  Their cookie thingie - Pizookie I think - is dangerously nummy!  Some of my favorites here are the tomato basil soup, the shrimp tacos which I enjoyed last night, the vegetarian pizza in the Light offerings, the turkey burger and the fries.  Any of these are great!   I'd go back any time.  Always get great value for the money.
5	My first pick for our mother daughter dinner & a movie date :)We always start with the AVOCADO EGG ROLLS (SO YUMMY!) then we pick something off the menu that we've never had before. My kiddo & I both love trying a new dish & the menu here is so big that we won't be running out of options any time soon. This time around she had the JAMBALAYA. It was spicy & delicious and VERY filling! I got the HAWAIIAN MAHI-MAHI. It was in the 'good for you' section, so I can't really hold it against them that it was a bit on the bland side. I ate every bite & was still not full,, I'm a piggie, I know, lol. But this was good, because that meant we had room for dessert! For dessert we had the STRAWBERRY BEIGNET to share. Our waitress described it as 'heaven on a plate' & that woman was not kidding! I've had beignets before, but unlike the traditional ones, this one was baked, then covered in powdered sugar and cinnamon (have I mentioned I'm crazy for cinnamon?), topped with vanilla bean ice cream, strawberries & whipped cream. Needless to say, that plate was cleaned :) It was our favorite part of dinner!
5	Today a good friend and I were both tempted by the WATERMELON & FETA SALAD. It's in the small plates area of the menu & is the perfect side for a starter salad! The presentation was beautiful. I wasn't sure if it would taste as good as it looked, it is an interesting combination, but it sure was! The watermelon was chilled and considering we'd just come in out of the heat it was exactly what was needed :)Oddly enough, we drank coffee :D In our defense, this was a late brunch for us, so it was almost a must. The coffee was good! Not too weak and not too strong.
4	My girl and I had the Chicken Club Flatbread Pizza and the Stuffed Mushrooms. Both were excellent. The pizza had a great aftertaste. I enjoyed the decor. The hostesses all dressed in classy dresses which I thought was cute.  For the two appetizers and two drinks our bill was $20. So it's not too expensive but not a place with a value menu. I would recommend it.
3	Great Beer And the Ambiance is nice too. But over priced food, took long to bring are orders and the pizzas were barely warm, not hot. My sons hamburger was undercooked  and just barely warm. I guess our food was sitting for a while some where. If I go again it would be during their lunch specials. Ehh.
5	Best beer in town and best potato skins.
3	Soup and salad. Added chicken breast for only $3. Jennifer our waitress was great.
2	I have never wrote a review but I was appalled at the service here yesterday (5/31/13) at lunch. I was with someone and we were literally one of the first people in the door at 11am and didn't get our food for a good 45 minutes. I was on my lunch break and not once did the server come over to apologize as the restaurant filled up and other patrons came and left after already eating. After finally getting food he just dropped it in front of us, cold and walked away. I have been a server before and I think that's why it bothered me the most, knowing what I would have done in his situation, at least apologizing for the wait or even sending over a manager. I was late getting back to my office due to coming in at 11am and not able to leave until 1230 after shoveling the food in my mouth. I would come back, but if I had the same server, ask for someone else.
3	The service here is great. At least while sitting at the bar it is. The food is good and the beers are good. The have a very nice selection of drafts which is great. I usually try a different house beer every time I'm there. So far the best is their seasonal Pumpkin Ale they have during October. This place is overall great, but it's expensive.
4	This is another instance where 3 1/2 stars would be warranted, but Yelp has not deemed it necessary for us to have that option.We had stopped in here once last year, after watching a movie and had wonderful flat bread pizza at the bar and a glass of their "hand crafted brew". We enjoyed it thoroughly but never went back, until yesterday.It started off rough as we were seated at a high top in the bar area. We waited and waited, but no one came by to even greet us or offer us drinks. After a waitress walked by an ignored us for the third or fourth time, we walked back to the hostess stand and asked to be seated somewhere else. Then, things took a turn for the better.We were re-seated, ordered our drinks (Nutty Brunette and a Light Switch). and began perusing the menu. While we were deliberating, a manager walked over and sincerely apologized for the lack of service in the bar area and offered us a free appetizer. Nice recovery.We ordered the corn fritters in bacon aioli for our appetizer, and they were delicious! A small enough portion to not ruin our meals, well cooked and unique to boot. The beers were both tasty, and my wife really enjoyed the light bodied Light Switch. After that, my wife had a half flatbread with salad lunch special, while I had the Piranha Pale Ale Chili Burger. The flatbread was beautifully crispy, and she really liked the salad dressing. The chili on the open faced burger was a tad mild for my taste, but the ginormous 8 Oz burger was wonderfully cooked, slathered with the chili and cheese and topped with onion straws. Carb coma to be sure, but so tasty. Then the wife suggested we get some of that bacon aioli to dip the fries in. Why not? Fries in a bacon flavored dipping sauce...where have you been all my life?The menu is so varied, there is something for everyone and we will certainly be back, this time we won't wait another year!
3	Went in for an early dinner and ordered the Pot Roast Sandwich. The vegetables came and were not cooked. They were raw, I ate the meat which was great. I told the waitress and she commented that that is pretty normal actually and offered to give me another side vegetable. I am glad that she did that but at the same time was a bit subdued by the fact that this was a regular thing for them. My husband enjoyed his chili burger loads. The drinks we ordered were very strong as well. This place is always busy but perhaps we ordered the wrong food for this place!
4	Great customer service by restaurant managementWe had a unique problem that was readily taken care of by the restaurant manager; the staff was so accommodatingMany choices of beers; full bar; the IPA was okay; I liked the blonde and I'm no gentlemanFood was excellentI loved the jambalayaFish & chips were excellentGreat service by FrankieLoved the triple chocolate pizzooke (?)
5	sooooooo good!
2	Everything I had was great... My wife on the other hand, got food poisoning. She had the California Chicken sandwich and a caesar salad...
5	We had dinner with about 26 people from our West Valley Meetup Group. In a private room, the food was excellent, the service was outstanding, the wait staff was so accommodating to all of us. We will hold future events here and I will visit them more often as it had been a while.
5	We ask for the fried  calamari done extra crispy.. The calamari comes out in a good mix  of fins and tentacle. Good crunch and always a good taste. Both dipping sauces have a good tang to them.
5	We ask for the fried  calamari done extra crispy.. The calamari comes out in a good mix  of fins and tentacle. Good crunch and always a good taste. Both dipping sauces have a good tang to them.
2	Went here last night for deep dish pizza. My wife, being from Chicago was having withdrawals, so off we went. We really do like this place in general, though the parking can be horrific. We started with the chicken won tons; Thai style and they were wonderful. When our pizza showed up and we began to eat, my wife loos at me and says "is there any sauce on your pizza"?" Nope", I said and we waited for the waiter to return. He said something to the effect of, well do you want me to have them put more sauce on it or are you going to eat it like it is. I said, well we'd really like another pizza, this time with sauce. The manager comes over a few minutes later and says something about "miscommunication", apologizes and asks us if we ordered it without tomatoes. No, just standard sausage pizza we said. Well, she explains, "our pizzas are lightly sauced" (apparently before they have fully risen) "and sometimes it soaks in or the top rubs" (against what I didn't ever understand) and may have accidently removed some of the sauce". So we had to sort of pick apart the pizza in front of her, while she gave us that condescending "not really a smile-smile" as if we were mentally challenged, to show her that what we got was essentially cheesy garlic bread with sausage. She wouldn't even glance and it...just kept that artificial smile on her face and said "let me know if there is anything else that I can do". As opposed to the nothing that you have already done you mean? That was my inner thought, not to worry, I didn't actually say that. SO, by and by our replacement pie comes out and the waiter says" don't worry, I told the kitchen "extra sauce" and watched them make it. Wonderful, now we got a pie that more resembled spaghetti. Just soaked with sauce. At this point we just give up and ask for our check. The waiter then tells us that due to the pizza issue, we would like to buy you desert. No thanks, we said. He brings us our check and announces, I had that pie taken off your tab (we had a couple of beers and an app as well, so  I wasn't paying that much attention to the total), until my wife pointed out that there were two pizza's on the check and that they took one of them off. I don't bother saying anything at this point, as free food was not what we came for, but I will say this. There would have been one heck of a ruckus if they had charged me for two pizzas. Just a crazy, out of body dining experience. Almost as if they were on the other side of the Dome.
3	Came here for a work luncheon.  Nice staff.  OK food.  I had the "under 600" meal so maybe that's why the flavor wasn't all there but it was still OK.
2	Food was good but service was terrible. Went with large group of 12 to celebrate a  birthday. Plan was to eat have a few drinks then take in a movie. Ending up tsking 2 hours and thats not counting the time to eat
5	The turkey burger is very good. It does not taste like a hamburger, but that is not the point it is a very good turkey burger. The house brewed root beer is worth the sugar.
2	This used to be one of our favorite spots to grab dinner.  Customer service slides down and so does our frequency.  Paid for ginger ale with dinner & requested a refill, waitress said they charge for refill.  This would have been fine if the second glass wasn't considerably smaller.  Waitress brought regular coke instead of diet and seemed put off at request to correct the error.
5	Went out with the husband for a date night. While we had to wait a while to get seated it was definitely worth it. Started our meal with the Piranha chili nachos and those were kinda eh. But ordered the buffalo chicken deep dish pizza and it was amazing. Subbed the celery for tomatoes on it though. Root beer is super good and husband was also very pleased with his fish and chips. Will definitely eat here again.
3	Service is always terribly slow. Pizza is mediocre. Never wear heels- super slippery floor!
4	#100:It could be the chocolate mint martini followed by the candy cane martini which was then followed by the pomegranate sunset but I had a great time tonight [as I always do]!I went with the crew originally to another brewery at Westgate but the ASU game made parking non-existent so off to Park West we go!  BJ's was the natural choice for an evening of drinks, food, and good company.  The wait time at BJ's at 7:30pm on a Saturday was said to be 25-30 minutes but we were seated after 10 minutes.  No complaints here!  At such a big establishment, the atmosphere was of course gorgeous.  Let's talk food!  We had ordered:Crispy Calamari:  Typical fried squid you can get anywhere.  I personally love the garlic aioli.Spinach Stuffed Mushrooms:  Delicious, giant, and juicy!  Just like I like my men!  ;D  Just kidding... kinda.  Seriously though, I can eat that lemon pesto by the spoonful.  Two Steak plates [one had lobster too]:  Both steaks were not cooked to medium-rare and the lobster was a bit too salty.  Both steaks were offered to be redone but hey, we're not picky.  We ate that red meat like champs.  And that lobster tail... demolished.  I really liked the mashed potatoes!  The clam chowder accompaniment and the Caesar salad were also yummy --- especially the chowder!Hawaii Mahi-Mahi:  This was my main dish.  I was completely happy and in love with the juicy mahi-mahi.  The refreshing pineapple fried rice and stir-fry veggies made everything just a touch sweeter.  They had some Sriracha sauce on the side.  Don't be fooled by the fancy description: it's just pure sexy Sriracha.Cajun Pasta:  It was yummy!  The garlic bread was good. The creamy tomato sauce wasn't too spicy --- something I'm always grateful for.  I think food is meant to be tasted.  I don't need to be licking a chili pepper!  Grilled Chicken Pasta:  Creamy pasta is ALWAYS a good thing.  We got the grilled chicken instead of the blackened chicken and it was perfectly match.  I would've been happy with just a bowl of that rotelle noodles with the cream sauce.  Overall it was a lovely evening and our waiter was very charismatic, charming, and accommodating [one of us HAD to watch the Boise St. game.  x_x].  Cheers, BJ's!  Thanks for the great evening!
4	If you are over in the West Valley and want to stay away from the Cardinals stadium and all that craziness, just up the freeway a couple exits is a row of restaurants/bars right off the Northern Exit. Easy access and lots of parking. To be honest, I have only ever had drinks and appetizers here. One time it was late night (after 10 PM) and the place was pretty empty. Great service that night. The other time it was happy hour on a Saturday. CROWDED!! and service was slow, but only because our server had tons of tables to deal with. Overall, I like the food. We had flatbread pizzas, artichoke dip and sliders. Not bad bar food. The place is nice, clean and large.
5	Me and my girlfriend come here all the time but we just went for her 21st birthday and it was amazing. Our server Ruben was playing along with everything we threw at him and bringing her drinks he thought she would like. The pizza is incredible. I recommend  the Jeremiah red if you like beer and don't forget to have a pizookie at the end! Bjs has never failed me. Always a joy
3	This was the first time trying the restaraunt.  We were seated promptly the waitress took our drink order and appetizers we tried the avocado eggrolls which were highly recommended but they  were bland and the  dipping sauce did not have much flavor. I tild the waitress that we were there to celebrate my daughter's bday.we ordered dinner but it took about 30 minutes before our meals got there. My steak was  overcooked and I was not offered steak sauce till I have done with dinner.we did order their cookies and ice cream. We still would have liked our free desert.overall I rate the restaraunt as average .disappointed
5	I had the parmesan encrusted chicken, and I've never been disappointed.  I love their mashed potatoes, and their broccoli ir has this lemon-y flavor which isn't typically done. The service here is always very good I have never left here disappointed. Their house beers are so very good if your over the age of 21, and would like to try something different I would say definitely to for it. Almost forgot to mention their Italian sodas are gooood! It's almost always very busy, so I would try to call ahead and check in.
3	My boyfriend's boss recommended this place, so we visited last night.  Our waitress, Katelyn, was wonderful and very attentive.  She checked on us quite a bit and was always friendly.The food was not as good as the service.  My boyfriend ordered a deep-dish pizza and it was very disappointing!  We named this the "Just a lot of dough" pizza.  If you are from the Chicago area or have ever visited, do not order this deep dish!  There is hardly any sauce and the dough is about an inch thick through the entire pizza.I ordered the Tuscan Chicken Limone and I was not impressed.  The noodles were overdone and squishy and most of the dish was very bland.
5	One of mine and my wife's favorite places to eat. They have a really big selection so I'm always having something different every time I go. I also haven't been disappointed by anything I've tried. Gotta love there dessert pazooki too baked cookie with ice cream sooooo good. I have to say there Jerimah Red brew that they have on tap is one of my favorites to get as well. All around really good place for a dinner date or casual dining you won't be disappointed.
5	This place is AMAZING!!! They're food is delicious and their customer service just  rox! Hit the bar cause Julia and Heather are the best bartenders you'll ever meet!
5	My husband has heard great things about this place from his co-workers. We visited on a Sunday at lunch. It was comfortably busy. The noise level was good--nice background noise, but not intrusive.Our server was fabulous. One of our biggest obstacles in dining out as a family is that our son is autistic and can only eat chips in restaurants. I asked our server if it was possible to get some tortilla chips by themselves and she was extremely nice about it. Thank you, thank you. A big tip for that kindness alone.My husband enjoyed sampling the beers. He had the small deep dish meat pizza and loved it. In the bit I had, I could tell the meat was very fresh, the cheese was real, and the crust was good--thick but not as heavy as some places. That was definitely the only meal my husband had for the day!I had the seared ahi salad. Oh, that was divine. Colorful with a fantastic mix of textures and tastes. I loved the dabs of wasabi at the corners of my plate. I'm grateful that they had a full menu of "enlightened" choices with calories clearly labeled; I wish more places did that. I felt like I got to eat out responsibly and have a fantastic treat, too. (To note: I love the ahi salad down at Yardhouse, too, but the two salads vary widely in ingredients.)We're already talking about opportunities to make a return visit here for a date lunch.
5	Service is wonderful. The biggest surprise has been how fast the food comes out while still being fresh and full of flavor every time.
4	I visit BJ's frequently for both dine-in and take-out. I'm always very happy with the quality of food, especially the California Chicken Sandwich, and the Salmon! The unique cocktails make happy hour a delight and the selection of beers is extensive and always evolving.The only thing I've had an issue with is a medium-well burger, it always come out WELL done. Other than that, the staff is quick, friendly and accommodating.
4	Came here during lunch & were seated right away.  It was pretty busy but our server got our drink order right away.  We took some time to look at the pretty large menu & decided on getting something off of the lunch menu. I ordered the Southern Fried Chicken & hubby ordered Buffalo Wings.  Food came out quickly & piping hot.  My chicken breast was delicious but very small, which I guess isn't a bad thing since it's just lunch.  The country gravy served with the chicken is delicious & their shoestring french fries are so crispy & flavorful! I think I could make a meal out of their fries & gravy, actually! We decided to try their pizookie sampler & chose peanut butter, oreo & salted caramel. Omg. I'm salivating thinking about those little pizza pans of awesomeness.  They were warm & oh so delicious. PB was our favorite :)When it was time to pay my husband realized he left his wallet at home, no biggie, I have mine...wait (digs thru purse)...no...no I don't. Crap. So we're sitting there & my husband says he will go all the way home & get it.  Luckily, I glanced over at the little BJ Rewards sign at our table & noticed it says that if you sign up for their rewards program you can pay your bill with your phone! Whoa. Talk about perfect.  So we did & thank goodness because I really wasn't looking forward to sitting at the table awkwardly while my husband went back home ;)We'll definitely be back for dinner & drinks because their beer & drink menu looked pretty neat!
5	Pizza is really good and the 1/2 pound burger with fried jalepeno slices is really, really good.  Huge beer selection, including their own brew.  It's a nice place inside and our server was one of the best we've had in a long time.
1	They sat 27ppl at 2 tables around us shortly after we ordered.  Our waitress was way over whelmed to say the least.  Our drinks sat empty and we waited 45mins for our food.  Which was cold and obviously had been under a heat lamp for several mins.  No other waitress or manager helped.  Finally had to yell and waive one down to get some attention.  Food would have probably been good if it was hot...sucked bad.  Won't be back...
3	Service was bad but Manager made up for it with free dessert.  Food was ok.  I have had better ar other locations.  I may give them another chance.
3	A bunch of us got together for dinner last week to get caught up.  I've eaten at the Chandler location and really enjoyed it.  This time was different:First of all...the service was exemplary.  The decor is cute and the restaurant was actually so cold we all carried sweaters.The food, however, was only ok.  I had the ahi salad and substited poke.  There was a really strong dressing that made it  inedible.  2 of my dining companions also had salads, which were prononounced "adequate".  Our other dining companion had pasta, which she liked.Ultimately, the experience was not horrible but was not exemplary either.  For those who live in the area and know the menu, it's a safe choiceAs for me, I'm not inclined to go back.
2	Normally I'm a big fan of BJ's Restaurant, but tonight... Slow and somewhat inattentive staff.  After a 45 minute wait, we were seated, but it took another 10 minutes just to get our waters, which Michael (our waiter) spilled on the table.  We walked out after that.
5	Start with the caprese salad. It's less than $4 and sooooo amazing! To drink get the Irish Root beer if you're 21+. You won't regret it! Made with handcrafted root beer. They also have tons of beer in draft but nothing you would usually see anywhere. But if you want a boring standard beer, your waiter will recommend something close but craft. They are so knowledgeable with their beers it's refreshing. Then, order the deep dish buffalo pizza. The hot sauce they put on there isn't your normal Franks Red Hot Sauce. It's kinda sweet, mild and tangy. Dessert? Save room for the pazookie!!! Mushy baked cookie right to your table. Amazing. And they're open late and everyone is friendly..
4	The only things that don't make this place get the 5 stars are the margaritas and the the wait times to be seated. Other than that the food is great and so is the service! I always have a great server and the hostess are always helpful. I still have yet to try the pizza but so far all the other things have been great. Especially the pulled pork sandwich.
4	A favorite date night place.  I had a hefe, the corn fritters and the deep fried artichoke.  Heaven in my mouth.  The only problem was our server was a tad spacey and repeatedly forgot my husbands salad.  Management ended up comping it since it didn't arrive until well after we finished eating, so NBD.
4	Food and service was great! We discovered the BJs app right before paying and saved $5 off of $20. Pretty convenient - you can pay your bill via the app and don't need to wait for your server. Our table ordered avocado rolls as a starter and they're absolutely delicious.
3	Hmm. I feel a bit bad giving this a three-star, considering that I haven't tried their pizzas yet.I'll update it later if I come back to try them.I've been to numerous BJs over the years, and I know how their song and dance go: Order the pizza, order the pizzookie, and you're good to go - everything else varies.Well, I decided to go against that formula and ordered a beef dip. Which was actually surprisingly good, considering that I've ordered the same in a different BJs and it was so-so at best.So why in the world would I give this 3-stars and not at LEAST a 4-star?Two things:1) The service was a bit... lacking. They seated us timely, they were /fairly/ friendly to us, and they got our orders correct. But you could tell that they didn't fully care. They were struggling just to keep their smiles on and their heads on straight. It was later at night, with closing hours coming soon, so it's obvious that most servers would be a little bit conked out by then. But still - it's no excuse. And it can affect other things. Such as the fact that they didn't notice that we didn't have utensils until we'd been staring at our plates for a little while. They didn't fully care for us other than for our orders and our general services. I don't expect to be treated like royalty, but I do wish they wouldn't stare at us like we're 'just a job' to them. Again, though, it could just have been the time of the day and the events that transpired before we arrived, but still... it's what makes me remove a star.2) The pizzookie was... okay.That's kinda' an atrocity for a BJs.Pizzookies are supposed to be soft and gooey (though slightly chewy) and absolutely delicious with the ice cream on top.This one kinda' stuck to the pan a bit more than usual... and was a little too thin in some areas... it was a hassle to eat, and not a mouthgasm as I'd expect.You can't make a pizzookie just 'okay', BJs! Other restaurants are starting to copy the pizzookie idea - you can't be skimping out on the quality! -1 star!Outside of that, everything else was lovely. If you haven't been to a BJs, come here and give it a shot.If you have been to a BJs, I'm sure you know a better one somewhere else. This isn't a bad choice, but it isn't an excellent choice.Again, though, I'm going to have to update this review if I ever come back and try their pizzas.
5	This place is great! I organized a Bachelorette Party and called a ton of places trying to find somewhere we could go without having to rent a party room, require a minimum purchase per attendee, allow separate checks, etc. BJs was the perfect fit. We had a party of 20 and they were smart to assign two waiters to us. This was a huge help! They even allowed us to decorate the table and bring in a cake. The waiters could not have been more polite or provided better service. It was a very busy night for them, but you couldn't tell. The entire staff was so courteous that it was a wonderful experience for everyone there. Other attendees even mentioned how great the restaurant was throughout the night. I HIGHLY recommend this place for small or large functions. They don't make you feel like you're a burden having so many people. The even did separate checks for each girl there and they didn't add gratuity. This was very smart because me and some of the other bridesmaids tipped over 50% because we were so happy with our experience.
5	Love this place. Awesome service!  Food is amazing. Employees are awesome. Every birthday or event I always come here. The menu has such a wide variety. They offer a rewards program and you can call ahead and tell them you will be there soon and they will hold a table. Also I come here for the pazooki :)
5	I was recently introduced to this restaurant and love it! Their beer samplers are great and appetizers delicious. They do get pretty busy, but that has to say something about their business, right? The staff is friendly and willing to share their experience with the items on the menu. I like the option they have up at the bar area, like a "seat yourself" type area.
4	We go to this location often.  The food is always good and service has always been a great experience.  Additionally, we usually bring by 3 year old son with us, and the servers are always so nice and sweet to him.
1	The employees who answer the phones as a rule say whatever is necessary to get people in the door , multiple times I've called from the parking lot with view of the front door and was told everything from no wait to not more than a couple minutes. Always a great exaggeration.
4	I enjoy BJ's Brewhouse. They have a lot of variety and the quality of food is very good. We got an email promoting their Pumpkin Pizookie, so we had to try it. Their pizookies are so good... cookies n cream is my favorite! They are always busy for dinner and it was Friday night so I thought call ahead seating was a good idea. When we arrived, there were tons of people waiting outside, so I was glad we called ahead. The hostess told me it'd be about 10-15 min... not bad. Less than 5 minutes later, we were seated! I was amazed. I think we got in quick because there were large parties waiting and a two person booth opened up for us. Sweet!The restaurant was full and noisy. Lots of people there with babies. I was happy that they seated us in the central part of the restaurant. Whenever we sit on the north end we always have bad service. I was planning to order a burger, but I ended up choosing one of their "Enlightened Entrees": Maui Glazed Pork Chop with oven roasted red potatoes and green beans. Not something I would typically order but it sounded right. When it came out, it was a sensible amount of food. A lot of their entrees are almost a full day's worth of calories so you almost have to plan to eat half and take the rest home.The pork chop was good. Had a sweet glaze with a little kick in the chili pepper flakes. The potatoes were fine but would have been better with some butter & sour cream, or even ketchup. A little difficult to swallow without a gulp of water. Wasn't a big fan of the green beans. Too firm for my liking and needed some more flavor. But I traded a few for some of my boyfriend's asparagus, which I liked better. Then for the main event... Pumpkin Pizookie! It was delicious. Seriously. Go get one. :) I also recommend their handcrafted root beer & black cherry soda, which I didn't get this time, but they are good!
5	Met a group of former coworkers for dinner and had one of the best meals I've had at BJ's. My boyfriend and I ordered the sliders with cheese & bacon along with the carnitas fries w/ chile verde. The mini burgers were so juicy and delicious! The carnitas fries were so flavorful. They use the shoestring fries but there was one wedge cut fry in there too and it was very tasty! My only complaint was they had onions on top and I didn't know that when ordering, so we had to scoop them off. We had the same server as last time and he did a great job, with the exception of our waters going dry during dessert. We got the Pizookie trio with pumpkin, cookies & cream, and chocolate chunk! Really good meal. 4.5 stars rounds to 5!
1	The food is good; however, you will trade off the lack of beverage refills and lack of dessert. I went with a group of friends, on one of the group members' suggestion. My coffee was never refilled, not once; and I was never asked if I wanted dessert, despite having specifically told the server when I ordered dinner, that I intended to order dessert. I just got my bill. The food was good, but the service so abysmal, with the clear intention to scoot the customers out the door as rapidly as possible, that I will never to to any BJ's again.
4	First off any place with the name BJ's gets an automatic extra star for obvious reasons hahaha. Otherwise this place would be getting a solid 3 stars. I like the location as compared to the other BJ's restaurants. Plenty of things to do in that shopping plaza; movie theater, stores, other bars etc. Their beers are my main reason for spending my money there, not exactly a brewery but they serve their own craft beers which are excellent for a chain establishment, what always surprises me is all the craft beers from breweries they have on tap. Either way you can't go wrong having a pint or pitcher from there. Food is definitely unique lots of different pizzas and burgers to choose from, pick one along with a beer and you're good. The staff there is pretty much on top of their game so feel free to ask what would go well with whatever you're drinking.
4	Love the atmosphere and beer is great!
5	We had a wonderful lunch today. I had the soup(Broccoli, my favorite) plus a mini 1topping deep dish pizza & Jerry had a hamburger with skinny fries. They were delicious! Great service. As a vet, Jerry's lunch was free. We will be back again soon.
2	I seated myself at one of the high bar tables, waited for my order to be taken for 20 minutes....no one ever came. I got up to ask the hostess if I had to place my order somewhere else, she stated that someone would be with me shortly. Another 3 minutes, still no one came. I went to the bar and asked if he would take my order or would I have to wait for a miracle from the heavens. Chicken was room temperature but the bartender was great. Not so sure if I will be visiting again.
3	Nothing special here.  Expensive burger and fries place. Server Ruben A copped an attitude early on.  Never made eye contact with me and never thanked me for the business.  He was "coldly efficient" and I would not want him as a server again...and frankly there would not be a reason to come back anyway.  Since this is our 1st time here...you never get a 2nd chance to make a 1st impression.  Save your money.  Toby Keith's is just next door.
4	This was our first time here.We came in on an off time. It was about 3:30 pm. We were immediately seated and a few seconds later our waitress took our drink order, which came out almost immediately. Dirty Martini and a skinny Cosmo, both were so delicious!We had explained to our waitress that we were in no hurry. We sat for a good 20 min talking, with the waitress stopping periodically to see if we were ready to order. We finally ordered and our food came out quickly. Asian chicken salad and bison burger. YUMMO!I enjoyed having a great server who allowed us to pace the meal. She did not hover around rushing us. It was lovely! She got a great tip for her patience with us!My new fav spot!
5	Came with a large group and the customer service was excellent. The food came out hot and delicious. They were on the spot with drink refills and condiment requests. The servers diligently kept up with removing plates. Impressed!The place is clean. Staff was friendly. Easy access parking.
4	Usually a wait on weekends, as was the case this evening . . . Haven't always elected to wait, but tonight we wanted to stay for football and good food.  The experience was positive, beginning with friendly staff from the host team to our server. Santa Fe Spring Rolls were a tasty appetizer (albeit a tad small). The BJ's Favorite deep dish pizza was excellent; the small pie is more than enough for one (you can even share a few bites and not leave hungry). My wife ordered the very flavorful toasted chicken pesto sandwich. The Premier Rewards program is a nice plus; simply ask your server for an application before you pay your bill.
4	Pumpkin pazookie was totally unexpectedly deliciously awesome
