4	Nice new store up near the Anthem area off I-17. Bought a cot there for camping, it broke first time out, had to return it. Absolutely no hassle whatsoever! I was very pleased with return policies, the one thing that would factor in a decision to shop there again. Most businesses honor a receipt for 90 days, they have a 4 month policy. Nice! Only reason I don't give them a 5 star rating is that you are pretty much going to pay full retail prices for their merchandise. No discounts to be had here!
4	This place has it all. I mean everything I was looking for. I own a kayak, and play disc golf, so they have a nice selection of accessories for both sports. I even got some really cool add on's to my kayak I haven't seen at any other stores in town. If you like camping you'll find a good selection here also. The prices are fair but they are retail prices. Dick's does have a buyers club you can join to earn points for gift cards, it's worth filling out, sporting goods add up fast and I know I've gotten a few gift certificates in the mail from it already. They also have a nice selection of camping stuff. All the little Nick nacs. Just try and stay focused while shopping here, I know I went in here for one thing, and ended up with a cart full of stuff.
5	SOOOO I got injured after flying a long 5 day trip last year.. and my ortho surgeon and my physical therapist both feel my running days are past me... ha! Both think I need to just stick with an elliptical.. Okay.. Ill think about it.. As I look at the jiggle making its way up my short dwarf legs.. Im thinking more and more .. I tried running a trail and my knees were throbbing.. wahhh! Where is my youth going?? SO down to Dicks I go after the disaster at Sports Authority where no one helps with $1000 machines..?.. Well Dicks has their own trainers in that expensive section. Mark and I were lucky and got Teejay. He knew his ellipticals. He showed us the Proform, the Livestrong, (I personally have a crush on Lance since seeing him win twice in Paris!), and Sole. His wife has the same knee issues as I and that made me feel Im not alone in missing my running days. We didnt throw down the $1k plus on the elliptical quite then, but if and when we do, we wont be at the sucky Sports Authority, we will be at Dicks with the good sales and trainers who know the products. They have a good section of running shoes too... For when I do go against my surgeon and get out on the trail! ;-)
4	Great place! Laid out well and we were helped plenty of times.
4	This is a great one stop shop for sporting goods.  I have found the stores to be clean, well organized and consumer friendly.  The prices are also better than other sporting goods stores and the selection is outstanding.  I now buy all my baseball gear, golf gear and general athletic apparel at Dick's.  They would get 5 stars but they don't have a store in Scottsdale so I have to drive 15-20 to get to a Dick's and that costs them one star.
3	I'm on the verge of 2-star but that seemed a little harsh. Not a huge fan of Dick's (at least this one). They don't seem to have much in the way of outdoors sporting goods, their merchandise leans more heavily toward sports, equipment and clothing. Their prices are a little high on the things I tend to look for (fishing equipment, lures, ammo). In all of the times I've been there, only one associate has asked if I needed assistance or had any questions. Hung out around their firearms counter for a while eying up shotguns (as I am in the process of purchasing one) and nobody ever stopped to ask If I wanted to look at anything, or if I needed anything behind the counter. Not a horrible place, but a bit pricey for me, and I've certainly had better customer service elsewhere.
4	Always clean
2	5 minutes of walking around in this small store trying to find an employee to answer our question is ridiculous.
5	This review is specifically for the bicycle department! I went in for 2 new tubes and my muddy bike even came back clean! $25 for the price of getting 2 tubes replaced (including the price of the tubes) is very inexpensive! Cody even checked my brakes free of charge for safety purposes. Couldn't have asked for better service. Not a fan of the rest of the store/employees but I'll be back to the bike department. Cody should open his own repair shop in my opinion!
2	Came into the store with no help. Had to search for employees. Had to find my own way for the Phoenix Suns gear... Finally when I flag down a employee for help, she told me there was only one rack for the Phoenix Suns mens gear.no old school nor new jerseys.. We live in Arizona. Phoenix Suns is our team... Shouldn't we have a whole wall of Phoenix Suns gear? Even if I was to buy a t-shirt there. They didn't have the size I want. All they had was large and extra large... Pretty disappointed.
