5	I have been working with Mark, Eric, and Esmeralda for about two years now. They have always been so generous and friendly everytime I call to make a payment, have a question, or to change my policy! I've never had such a great experience with an insurance company before. I recommend them to anybody looking for a new agent or branch.
5	I was in a car accident recently.  My first and hopefully only one in my 17 years of driving.Many many thanks to the amazing State Farm agent that last year pushed me to increase the limits and coverage on my plan above the state minimum requirements.  This was at a time when I was adding renter's insurance to my policy, and was already receiving some significant discounts with bundling insurances.  Furthermore, despite having never given it any thought, he explained the benefits of rental car coverage.  How a few extra dollars per month would make a significant impact if ever I had the need for a rental.  I would never have thought to have rental car protection on my policy, now I have a rental vehicle which is only costing about $5 a day instead of $30+, the rental is fully covered by State Farm insurance (as in, I did not have to pay the usual additional daily fees for insurance, etc)  and I am eligible to have it for at least one month.Thanks to his advice, I can at least be comforted in the fact that I and the other driver are covered and protected after the collision.I have been so impressed with every single member of State Farm!1. Receiving personal phone calls from not only Mark, but other staff members such as Esmeralda (sp?) from his office making sure I was okay and that I understood my coverage, my rights, and benefits.2. The claims adjuster, Tony, handling my claim and taking the time to hear my feedback and answer all of my questions 3. The initial representative I spoke to that found an auto body shop in my area, contacted them to make arrangements for the pick-up, and made a reservation for a rental at a local rental agency right away.4. Patty with Medical claims whose concern and care made me feel at ease, who listened attentively to my narration of events, and explained my medical benefits. Despite being faced with a lot of challenges right now, and recovery, I feel that I definitely "Got to a Better State with State Farm." Thank you thank you to everyone at State Farm! Highly recommend both Mark Slepak for amazing personal service, and State Farm!
1	I called this agent to try and switch over to his office from my current agent over a week ago.  I spoke to someone in his office who said they would be calling me back the same day to help me make the switch.  I feel thankful that they haven't called me back since it shows that they really aren't about taking care of the client.  I would think that new business would be a top priority of an insurance agent, but he must being soooo well that he doesn't have the time to take on new ones.  Thanks you for showing your true colors right from the beginning.  It's shameful that I will probably have to change to a new company since State Farm agents don't take care of the clients that they currently have.
