3	Pong Pongs has been here forever. The food is cheap chinese food but usually has really good flavor. They have all the standard dishes.  The only bad thing is they use "parts r parts" chicken. I usually end up having a discard pile. (thx Ryan C) but can deal with it. Just do not go expecting great high end dining. They DO deliver!
3	The people here are really nice, maybe because I order here once a week. Lunch specials here are really good. Most are under 5 bucks and you get fried rice, an egg roll, and friend wontons with your selection. I stick to the vegetarian and beef dishes. The chicken can sometimes be a little off. The Mushus are soooooo good and they wrap them for you before you pick them up. I always get take out, never eat in the restaurant. Something about chinese food, you got to sit on the couch in front of the tv with your man and eat out of the containers in your pjs...hello kitty slippers and all :)
5	I have been eating at Pong Pongs since the first week they opened and yup thats a long time ago. I love this place!!! I love the house fried rice, eggs rolls, sesame chicken, crab puffs and on and on. I have tried most of the menu over the years and have never had anything bad. Do not expect high end ingredients but the flavor is great and so is the price. The people here are very nice and they always remember me which makes it even better. If you have not tried Pong Pongs then you need to. You will happy you did. In fact im going there right now for some take out. Best way to get it is to get it to go.
4	I think the food here is excellent. I haven't had any issues of any kind (20+ visits), and the employees are pleasant. I recommend Pong Pong.
4	I like this place, its cheap as hell and delicious for what you pay for.  Now many may disagree like my girlfriend or others who have not great reviews but the chicken dishes are good, especially the amazing chicken which is nothing short of it, amazing that is.  They have an un filled fish tank and an Asian man whom was pot bellied gave me my togo order both of which are unsettling but the food was good and the price was right for example wonton soup for a dollar full meals under  7 plus a cool name like table tennis, think about it forrest
4	Great take-out Chinese, love the crab puffs!Everything we have ordered off the menu has been great.  We've eaten in once and the place was dead, but the waitstaff was attentive.  Food is served hot and tastes great.I'm never disappointed in the quality of the takeout and visit regularly.
2	I drove by this place so many times and never noticed it. Ordered lunch.Lots of food. Really, LOTS of food for the price.Sesame Chicken was just OK. Sa-Te Chicken was forgettable...Egg roll was typical.Crab Puff was typical. They were very friendly and the food was hot.I'll pass on this place in the future.
4	Great Chinese food....I order from them so often the delivery guy could find my house in sleep!  Try the moo shu pork!!
3	Really good food and they do offer delivery.  My husband LOVES the Amazing Chicken.  The Lemon Chicken is really good too.   Most of the time I would call ahead and stop by on the way home from work.  They do offer delivery so that is an added perk.It is a strip mall restaurant that really needs to be updated so if you are seeking ambience you won't find it here.  If you want good basic chinese food then you will like this place alot.
1	These mother facking dipshits at pong pong.  The sad thing is I actually enjoyed eating at pong pong.  Tonight I didnt want to go out, I ordered delivery and that was my fack up.  I ordered 30 dollars worth of food and was waiting in anticipation until the 45 minutes I was told for delivery slowly passed.  50 minutes.  55 minutes.  60 minutes.  I call into pong pong and ask if my food has left yet.  I told them its been over an hour and if it hasnt left my wife will pick it up.  The girl on the phone actually has the nerve to give me attitude.  She tells well too bad the delivery driver has left.  At this point I'm thinking good because I am hungry.  75 minutes in I call back and just cancel my order.  Meanwhile they have already charged my credit card.This is the kind of bullshit that just doesnt need to happen.  Do you think anyone gives a fack about customer service anymore?  Fack no, we should be so lucky to eat their food.  The girls on the phone then mocks me and says, "sorry we only have one delivery driver."  I was like TF, then dont tell me 45 minutes.  I live 2 minutes away!!!!!!!!!!!  If I could go back I would just have picked it up and spared myself some more subpar experiences.  You know there is a little Vietnamese joint down the road called Nam Sao.  You wont find better customer service, they'll treat you like family and they are proud of their food.  The sad thing is in this economy they are struggling.  Thats sad to see when places like pong pong are willing to throw customer's (that actually like their food) away like trash.  I guess in this economy pong pong can afford to lose customers.I hope the management at pong pong sees this and I hope it sinks in that they just lost a family of four as customers that fully enjoyed their food in the past.Shame on you pong pong.  I wonder how many people would kill for a position taking orders for a chinese joint these days.  Yet pong pong employs people that clearly have no idea what it means to service a customer.yes I am pissed.same on you pong pong.ps the delivery driver actually shows up like 90 minutes in and hasnt been informed of my cancellation.
3	I live behind the place and have to say that they have good food.  I go there maybe 5 to 6 times a year and never have any complaints.  I recommend it to others.
5	This is hands down one of my favorite places to eat. The servers are friendly, the food is AWESOME! The prices are reasonable with large serving sizes. I've NEVER had a problem with Pong Pongs and have recommended this place to several family and friends. They also share the same opinion. If you get a chance, stop by and try it for yourself. You will not be disappointed.
1	Oh, Pong Pong, how far you have fallen...I started ordering take out from Pong Pong about 8 years ago; then the food was of great quality, the best Chinese take out in the area. These days the quality is pretty lousy.  I just picked up some take out a few days ago and sad to say, I won't be coming back again.  It feels like the owners have given up.  The interior has gotten dirtier with each visit. Seriously, if you stop in take a peep at your surroundings; the caller ID box and phone on the counter, the register, the handles on the beverage cooler, etc., they are all covered in black grime.  The people who touch this grime also handle your food.  The quality of the ingredients and the preparation of those ingredients has taken a major slide as well.  It seemed that several years ago, those doing the cooking had a sense of pride in their work, which resulted finesse in dishes that's unusual for typical Chinese-American fare.  You could tell subtle differences in preparation from one cook to the next...one would do the egg rolls a little peppery and spicy, the other would do them more vibrant and acidic.  Now it's all bland mush.If you're looking for decent Chinese in the area, try Golden Rice Express, My Corner or any of the other offerings. None are as good as Pong Pong once was, but all are better than Pong Pong of the present.I hate to give what was once a beloved staple such a poor review, but that's the way the fortune cookie crumbles.
3	Average Chinese food. Seemed like small portions but it was actually more than enough.
5	Fantastic lunch special prices, food is HOT.  Soup is luke warm (temperature), but flavorful.Not many people are here when we go on various days for lunch.They have a fish tank with fishes that have big eyes.
2	The egg roll wasn't too bad but the house special chicken just seemed a little off and dry.  Also the fried rice had quite a few of those hard crunchy grains of rice and burnt eggs.  The service was incredibly fast for take-out so I would definitely go again, just maybe order something with beef or pork.  The prices are pretty hard to beat, $16 for two dinner combos!
5	One of my favorite Chinese place to eat! I always get egg drop soup with a dollar worth of beef! They are super friendly and food is always right on!!!! I've been coming here for 10 years now. and many more years to come!
3	Very average food
1	I did research the feedback prior to visiting, though a friend at work sang their praises so I went anyway. Out of the three dishes, pork fried rice, twice cooked pork and orange chicken only the fried rice was even barely edible, and just. The twice cooked pork was ghastly, truly the worst I've ever had, greasy to the point of slimey with huge fatty slices more fat than pork with the altogether wrong spice and old veg. The orange chicken was also the worst I've ever had, the sauce was unappealing but it was the meat its self that ruined it utterly, like thawed out class c cuts of something clearly not chicken. the fried rice wasn't so horrible but tasted of  a burnt flavor and the pork in it that would have been fantastic if not for the actual rice that ruined it. My quest for decent Chinese food continues.
4	I really like pong pong when I am craving some Chinese food. The sweet and sour chicken is very good, chicken lo mein, and the cream cheese puffs.  The actual restaurant is a little scary, kind of old and always empty - I usually get it delivered.  Good portion sizes.
2	Bad fried rice. Cheap prices. Descent crab puffs, eggrolls, sesame chicken, and monk vegetables (could do without the almonds)
1	I ordered for a few co-workers and I. First time and sadly enough last time.Very bland, I can't even finish my dish. Also the bag I had my boxes in had all the sauces mixed together and openend and the boxes weren't clsoed fully.I ordered for 4 people and none of them liked their food. Would think it could be just me, bit obviously not. Eeeww.
2	I'm sorry to say, but I think this place was mediocre at best.  I always like to try little hole in the wall Chinese restaurants (which always tend to be the best compared to Chinese corporate america) but sadly I wasn't impressed.  The price is cheap which is the only thing going for them (in my opinion) but the taste is very bland for the type of Chinese I was hoping they would be.I will contradict myself for a moment and say that I will probably go back here for 2 reasons only...1 Location, 2 Cheap Price, but I would never recommend anyone to go here if they asked me for a good Chinese restaurant...hence my 2 stars.
3	We have been coming back to Pong Pong for years; so that is saying something.  I do find that their fried chicken dishes seem to be over fried, but everything else is great.  You do get a hugenamount of food for what you pay.  Do wish they opened a smidge earlier on weekends, but it is what it is.
4	We have been ordering delivery from Pong Pong for years. Everyone is so friendly and food is good. Price is very reasonable. Orange and lemon chicken is a little soggy but I figure that is just because it soaks up the sauce in the time it takes to arrive to our home.
4	Delish! Get the crab puffs! The orange and sweet and sour chicken are great, my boyfriend loves the beef and broccoli.Carry out is ready when promised.
4	I live this place. Has great food and very friendly staff. We not only get the delivery but we go there as well. Usually pretty empty with customers but they have great food.
5	Me and my wife ordered Wor Wonton Soup. It was delicious! Our new favorite. Cream puffs also were excellent. Some reviews stating that the food is bland but we thought it is better than being salty. Little bit of soy sauce can get the taste to your liking. Place is nice and quiet. Excellent service!
5	This is my favorite hole in the wall Place to eat. Arizona's best kept secret when it comes to the Sesame Chicken. I've been coming here for 20 years. A rating! Tell them Derek sent you!
5	Great Chinese restaurantRestaurant is Clean food is fresh and flavorful.  Support family owned and operated
2	Not to my taste.  Grew up on real Chinese food in California and this is not it.  No flavor. Quality of both beef and chicken seemed low grade.  Fried Won Tons were not crispy.  Over an hour wait for delivery.  No return experience for me.
