5	For four years at Madison, I got my hair cut here, and I never felt like I got a bad deal or a bad haircut. Don, of course, is the man, but everyone else is excellent as well. I've even visited this place when I've been in town for a visit and needing a haircut, or getting to that point. Strongly recommended.
5	Fantastic cuts at a low price.  I went there throughout college for old-fashioned service.  Not all the stylists are consistent, however.  Don is clearly the best, having been there for 50 years and knowing almost everyone who comes in.  Every time Don cut my hair, the results were great.  Pam and Larry were pretty good too. But Larry takes his time.I've been a returning customer for seven years, before I moved to Chicago.  I have gone back to visit.
4	This place has an old school vibe.  They do a good job and know how to cut a mans hair.  I usually have Akimi (the small Asian lady in the back) cut my hair and she does a good job.  Hair cut cost $14 and there is hardly ever a wait.
2	I have pretty low standards for haircuts, but this place somehow fell below them on my last visit. I've had my hair cut here a few times with fine results, but this last time left me going to another barber shop. The barber didn't spend any time to cut the front of my hair and I have a diagonal bang line. I have to go somewhere else to get it fixed just so I don't look silly. I gave it 2 stars merely because I know how highly some people think of it and the fact that I've had a good cut here before.
4	Classic barber shop experience. Service was friendly and  I got the haircut I wanted at an inexpensive price.
4	I paid $20 for a sustantial hair cut (first one in three months) and a full beard trim (first one in over two months). Very old school, and the barbers are all total pros.Bring cash.
5	I have been coming here since college in the early '90s.  At times when I lived in Austin and Chicago, I would plan my visits to Madison around my haircuts so I could go here. Larry has been cutting more hair for that last 10 years (before that, I usually went to whoever was available first) and I consider him a friend.  You will not meet a nicer guy around.  When you come here, it is first come, first serve.  The barbers will stand by their chair (in the event more than one is available) and you get to choose.  Don still comes in on Tuesdays.  Truly, a Madison institution.
1	Lazy.  Closes early.
5	My go-to place for a great, affordable cut. Angel was terrific - she asked how I wanted each part, asked confirmation on going quarter-inch from longer hair, and was friendly to boot. Extremely pleased.
4	Finding a new barber that meets your expectations is just about the hardest things about moving to a new city, especially with a short cut presence... you're looking for a place you'll visit several times in a year. I'm also partial to the straight razor/straight edge cuts, something experienced old barbers do or expensive young barbers.The College Barbershop on State has a mix of young and old and has been recognized for their skill (by Men's magazine I believe). I've gotten my cut by two different barbers so far, both young. I left satisfied with my vague haircut description and the result that they left me with.Both did the straight edge cut, though, you need to be specific if you want more than just the back of the neck. The price was very fair too, coming in at just $15. The only thing is - its cash only, no cards, no checks... make sure you come prepared.I'm hoping to see what the older guys can do on one of my next visits. Needless to say, I found my Madison barbershop!
5	Don, the now retired former owner who still cuts hair on Thursdays, has been my husband's barber for 30 years. I don't know what my husband is going to do when Don finally retires-retires. Even after we moved 35 miles away, my husband would rearrange our schedule to get in to see Don. They don't take appointments so my husband will wait as long as it takes to get a seat at Don's chair. My teenage boys now go to College Barber and they will take whoever is the next barber with an opening and I have to say they always look great!
1	I raced to get to this business before closing time.  When I got there five minutes before closing, the barber/owner just waved at me and smiled while cutting someone else's hair.  Less than professional.  Never going back.  Ever.
2	This place is nothing more than a haircut factory. This was my first & last time here. It appeared that me coming in was more of an interruption to a card game between employees. It was also apparent that the stylist cutting my hair was in a hurry to get back to the game. Though for $15 it was nice to get a straight razor shave, I noticed the cut was pretty sloppy after I left.
