5	I have been taking my vehicles to Capitol Tire after a bad experience with another shop.  I have purchased tires, had oil changes, and other service and I have never been displeased.  If something isn't right, they will fix it immediately.  They even have a nice shuttle service so it's not a hassle to drop the car off for the day.  Great service!I wouldn't take my car anywhere else!
5	It's obvious from the moment I walked in that this is a professional service shop. The facility is very clean and I've watched the staff treat their customers extremely courteously.I bought winter tires here and they've made swapping tires easy because they store my off-season tires on-site. I've also had oil changes and winter inspections for a couple of cars. Minor quibbles were addressed in a no-questions-asked, customer-is-always-right fashion.I trust Capitol Tire to always treat me with integrity and respect.Note: They are extremely busy so it pays to call ahead.
5	Don't let the name fool you--they do SO MUCH more than tires! I've been a customer for 4 years now, and will never take my car anywhere else. They've done routine oil changes, muffler troubles, and special jobs like polishing my headlights, but I can't even count how many times they've saved my ass in a pinch...like when my AC went out in the hottest week of the year so far. Sitting in traffic with hot air blowing on my face, I rang them up and they got me right in. (Thanks Brandon and Kari!) Or how about a few winters back when we got 16" of snow dumped on us. Remember that? Right before the flakes started flying, I realized I was driving on bald tires. Capitol Tire came to my rescue and I was able to take the beltline across town with confidence as the snow flew outside.When you walk through the doors, you'll see big potted plants, complimentary cookies, coffee, and a sweetheart black lab that's gentle as a lamb. Whether you know how your vehicle works or don't have a clue, they still treat you with the same respect. They also take the time to explain what's going on with your car, what your options are, and the estimates before any work is done. This explains why there are dozens of handwritten Thank-You notes from customers displayed on the wall.With customer service and turnaround time like theirs, you'd expect the prices would be astronomical, but they're incredibly reasonable. Add to that a free shuttle or loaner car service, and they really do take all the headache out of car repairs & maintenance. I honestly can't think of anything they need to improve. I would give them an extra star if I could.
3	After reading so many good reviews about Capitol Tire on Yelp and Google, I decided to join the masses and bring my car to a trusted mechanic.  I was having issues with my brakes and figured it was a brake fluid problem, and arranged for an oil change since it was due as well.  I figured there was going to be potential for a costly repair on the brakes, so I braced myself for that. I dropped off my car right away in the morning at 8am and by 3pm I hadn't heard anything.  I ended up calling to find out if I needed another ride home or what.   Turns out I had a leaky brake fluid line underneath my car where some fuel lines and brake lines run together, and the mechanic was hesitant to touch anything for fear of damaging rusty car parts.  He explained the situation and it was more dire than I had expected.  I felt like I swallowed a softball when he told me the cost to fix what he recommended, with most of the cost coming from dealer parts that he checked out. I have the advantage of having a friend in Milwaukee who fixes cars on the side and called him up to explain what the mechanic told me.  He agreed that it sounded like a little bit of a hassle to fix, but scoffed at the price they quoted me.  In the end, I had my friend fix my brake lines and a wheel bearing that were in question....  The only difference is that my friend saved me about a thousand dollars, compared to what Capitol Tire was going to charge.  It was well worth the hour trip to take my car to my friends to get fixed.  I have no doubt that Capitol Tire would have done a good job on my car, and I have to say the little I had to deal with them, I was appreciative of the good customer service.  However, be warned:  Like most mechanics, you will pay a lot for anything they feel is not an easy job. As for the oil change, you can go to a lot of places for a lot cheaper (I didn't find any coupons or deals for Capitol Tire).  Oil Changes are just gateways for upselling other costly services they deem important.
5	I was blown away today by the kindness, friendliness and honesty of the crew at Capitol Tire and repair.  Was able to easily set an appointment over the phone and when I took the tires in, Sean was quick, helpful and completely up front about a inexpensive problem that could have been passed of as an expensive replacement.  We'll definitely be back for all our auto needs in the future!!!
5	My wife and have been taking our vehicles there since 2006. I think they do an awesome job and I don't take my vehicle to get serviced anywhere else unless I have to due to scheduling or recalls. Sure, you can get an oil change somewhere cheaper but not that much cheaper. I want experts changing my oil and when experts change your oil they often notice other things that need to be fixed. As for their prices, in my experience they are not out of line. Plus these guys are honest and trustworthy. Thank you Tom, Sean and your staff you do a great job!
5	This week Capitol Tire replaced my rear brakes. They got me an appointment the next day from when I contacted them, even though they were fairly busy. Sean at the counter was very polite, plain-spoken, and attentive. The lobby was clean.They diagnosed my problem (stuck caliper, as expected) and called me to quote a price before doing the work. The price was in the range of what I expect from mechanics. The work was complete that same day and I was charged the quoted amount.The inside of my car was not dirtied in any way that I noticed (no greasy smudges on the steering wheel, no stains on the seats, no oily smell). The repairs were apparently correct; my brakes now work as they should.This is the second or third time I have been back to Capitol Tire; I return because I have always felt fairly treated and well respected in there. They met my expectations in every way, I have no complaints, so they earned all five stars.
4	Good service at a decent price. I don't know much about cars and trust they lead me in the right direction. You can probably find a cheaper place to go in Madison, but they do quality work that I know will be done right.
