5	Love the staff and their work. I won't go anywhere else!
5	I get my pedis here. Love the staff. Unfortunately I had the joy of sitting next to a whiner.  Complained about everything. For the love if God, you are getting a $20 dollar pedi!  Because they are fast, efficient and super friendly, I will keep coming back.
5	Yen does my nails. She is great and such a sweetheart she's done my nails for years! They never lift and last forever. She can do anything! Definitely ask for her or make an appointment it's worth the wait if you have to!
3	This is a bit long but a very detailed experience. Please read if you have time.I had just recently went to this nail shop after hearing about it from a friend. She said they were good, so I decided to check it out with a friend that was in town (this happened on a Friday) . The salon was a normal nail place, they had a good variety of nail polish to choose from,. They were a little busy but there were only three people working so not technically "busy" which was okay with us because it took us about 10 minutes just choosing colors for our toes. We were assisted shortly after. The people there are nice. We chatted a little, the "so you from here?" type of questions and commenting now and then on things that were on the tv. They had water for refreshments but not bottled. After my pedi I also got a gel manicure. I decided on white because it was summer & my friend decided on a salmon color. We were really pleased with the work that they did & we left very happy & relaxed. The reason why I'm giving this place three stars is because the next day my friends nail polish (which was gel) started lifting (Sunday) ! So I took her back and they redid it for free.(Monday) Then my nails started to CRACK!  And it chipped! So three of my fingers were messed up.I have pictures just so you can believe me. I was so upset, so I called and explained what happened and I asked if I could come in the next day and they said okay.(Tuesday) so within the time that I called to the time I got there, the nail polish on the rest of my fingers started chipping and they cracked as well. I got to the salon and the lady was "shocked" & I could tell that she was upset that my nails did that. I felt like she was upset with me and she shook her head and said it's cause my nails were oily. then she started speaking in her language which made me feel like they were talking about me. I was very uncomfortable. She ended up fixing them and they're better now because she made sure it was coated properly. It felt like she didn't even care if she did a good job or not because when she was buffing my nails she was hitting my cuticles and it burned. Also when she was taking out the white nail polish with the tool, she was going towards my cuticles occasionally hitting it and jabbing it into my skin. I really wanted to say something but I just bit my tongue.Let's just say that I won't be going back to this place again.Thank you for reading!
1	I walked in to this place and asked if they were busy and the lady at the first station was very rude and told me to wait... I waited of course and ask again are you busy and she said pick a color very rude so I said should I leave and come back she said do whatever you want!!!! I left that place and trust me I won't be back!!!
5	Quite simply ThE bEsT :)) I live in Manhattan Beach Ca area and have been to the super HiGh EnD $$$$ expensive salons and they don't EvEn BeGiN to compare to the results I get here!!! And for like a tHiRd of the price!!! From here on out, I'll wait til I get to Vegas to get my nails done!! ;))
5	I love this place! Never a long wait and Andy always delivers magic xoxo  Only place I'll go now that I found them :-)
