3	ok, you have to understand this hotel is a blast from the past ... the whole place looks really 80s, which is kinda funny. laminate green marble graces the elevator, a tacky, teal, abstract, plastic stained glass work of art  is the focal point at the front desk. a grand staircase in green with a non-working water feature complete the lobby. i would venture to guess no renovation has been done since the place was built. the room was definitely older, with outdated furniture and bathroom decor, but it was functional and clean. very clean. there was new bedding on the bed ... triple sheeting with a duvet instead of a hideous polyester quilted thing. the bathroom towels looked really old but they did the job. the pool area was filthy and the pool ice cold, but when it is 100+ in vegas, ice cold is a good thing. the hotel itself was very humid, but the in-room a/c worked well.the barely off-strip location is really, really excellent - it was only a short walk or cab ride to the strip. the hard rock hotel was very quick walk away, as was terrible's. we've been traveling a lot lately, and really needed to do a vegas weekend on a budget, hence our hotel selection. but seriously, if you can do without the newest room and the greatest amenities and just need a place to crash for a couple nights, this place does the job.
4	Perfect place to stay with a family and kids.  Close to the strip but also convenient to stores and restaurants (like Target, Starbucks, IHOP, etc.)  The kids loved the pool with the fountain and the rooms were secure as you had to use your key to get into the separate buildings.  It is a bit noisy with all of the families, but since we had kids with us, we just adjusted and remembered that kids are fun and noisy :-)  We'll stay here again when we go to Vegas.
4	This really is a fabulous find as far as price and hotel quality. There were really only two drawbacks for me: location (would have liked to have been a bit closer to the strip) and breakfast buffet setup (not organized that well, especially when there is a crowd of diners). Otherwise, the experience was great!The price cannot be beat, we spent less than $115 total for the weekend (including hotel fees and taxes) which also included a hot breakfast buffet every morning. The room was clean, comfortable, and surprisingly roomy (enough room for a loveseat couch which was placed next to a king-size bed). We had a mini fridge which was great since we wound up having leftovers from some of the vegas restaurants (for a little extra $$ you can get a deluxe room with a microwave; we did not take this option, but I think we may consider it next time). The bed was comfortable and the air conditioning worked fine, there was absolutely nothing I could think of that was wrong with the room. I also loved the fact that housekeeping arrived later in the day so we could sleep in; not sure if that is typical of every room or if we just happened to luck out based on our location, but nevertheless, it was nice not to be disturbed with a knock on the door at 10 am :)Amenities were great, there is a fitness center and an outdoor swimming pool with jacuzzi. There is also a hotel shuttle that will take you to the strip on request, although it only runs until 10 pm. The free breakfast buffet is good, there are a variety of food items to choose from (scrambled eggs, muffins, sausages, hot/cold cereal, etc.) the organization is poor, however. Everything is grouped onto one table, which creates a long line if there is a crowd. This is especially true because of people waiting at the waffle station for their waffles to cook; I think that this station as well as the toaster should be located separately from the main buffet so that people who do not want waffles or just want to grab a few quick things are not made to wait in line. The coffee was mediocre, it was probably the only food item I was disappointed by.Service was great, the staff was never rude to us and they were helpful with any questions that we had. All in all, this was a very good experience for us. If you are on a budget and do not mind being further out from the strip, I highly recommend this hotel.
3	Not bad and not the best that is the best way to describe the hotel.  Located about two blocks off the main strip it is an alright location and the right price.  When compared to some of the other hotels on the strip this hotel isn't much to look at, but when you are just using it as a place to sleep it more than passes.  We stayed in the King Suite which had two tv's, and a jacuzzi/shower combo it was pretty good especially for the weekend we paid about $70 a night.  Included with all of this was also a complimentary continental breakfast which had eggs, sausage, coffee, juice, pastries, and even a waffle maker.  So while not the best this place definitely had good value and a good price.  If you are looking for a place just to sleep for a good price consider this place as I know I will the next time I go to Vegas.
1	This has been the worst trip ever, and as a traveling sales rep for the last 8 years, I've traveled an awful lot. I booked five nights here while I was working at a trade show at the Sands Expo center. After the second night I woke up with many itchy red spots all over my body, my arms, back, chest, legs, neck. I was hoping in my mind it was anything but bed bugs, maybe an allergic reaction to something, perhaps mosquitos got in, anything. I got home very late after my third day of trade show work and going out with clients, so I slept in the bed again hoping the itchy bite marks weren't what I feared. When I woke up the next morning and had nearly double the bites that were there the morning before, my fears were confirmed. With the use of the extremely bright Las Vegas sunlight coming through the windows, I peeled off all the sheets and began scanning every inch of the bed, seems, sheets. It only took a handful of seconds until I spotted a clear little bug with a full red belly. I squished it immediately and saw my blood squirt all over the white sheet. I hastily packed all of my stuff in plastic bags, threw them in my suitcase, and called a friend staying at another hotel to come pick me up so I could get a room at another hotel.The real fun starts when I come back the next morning, today, to speak with the manager about my nightmarish experience and the hassle I am going to have to go through to do whatever possible to try and prevent these evil little creatures from traveling back to my apartment and creating an even larger problem for me. The manager tells me housekeeping is going to go clean the room and confirm that the room does in fact have bed bugs, at which point I simply pulled up my shirt and showed him the many grouping of three bites in a row covering my torso. He grimaces at the site and says that they won't have a problem refunding me for my stay, I'll just have to go through Orbitz since I booked through them, but that it wouldn't be a problem and he was very sorry. He told me I didn't have to stick around for that if I had stuff to do, which I did, so I left to do work and came back later in the day. He was off at that point, and the woman in charge had relayed to me that housekeeping didn't find any bugs, so I was basically out of luck. I again pulled up my shirt to show her all the bites, and reminded her that I found two myself in a quick look at the mattress, at which point she just became so flustered she announced to the crowded lobby, "I can't take it, I'm going home."I'm still going to continue to fight this through Orbitz so they can call back and speak with the property manager during the week, and I'll go through American Express as well, but for a hotel to not take care of a customer who has become completely covered in bed bugs and has to deal with the continuing problem of worrying if they will end up infesting their own home, is absolutely mind blowing and infuriating and nobody should ever stay here. There are way too many hotels in this town, saving a few bucks to stay here in no way makes up for the expenses that I am incurring and the ridiculous hassle.
3	When bf's closest guy friend was in town for work, and we needed a cheap place to stay that was close to the Convention Center, we found this on Expedia.  From the looks of other reviews here, rooms usually go for less than the $86/night we paid, but there was a convention going on so that might have driven the prices up for this weekend.We checked in super late on a Friday night, and parked pretty easily near our room.  An elevator took us up to our floor, and our room was right down the hall.  When we walked in, the room was HOT - almost like the heat had been on, blah.  It took a while for the room air conditioner to cool down our relatively small room, especially since the drapes in the closed position blocked the cool air's flow into the room.The room itself was decent - a tube tv, 2 queen beds, coffee maker, fridge, little bar sink in the main part, a closet area with a makeup mirror and table, etc.  The beds were decent - the covers were duvets, so they likely get washed more than the traditional crappy bedspreads hotels have.  The bed we slept in looked pretty clean, but the other one's duvet had some questionable-looking stains on it.Other than us getting short-toweled (small face towels) til the maid cleaned our room the next day, the room was what we needed - close to everything but off the crazy strip, fridge, mostly comfy bed, hair dryer, free parking.  Wifi wasn't free, but it's okay.  They had a shuttle to take people to the Convention Center and The Flamingo that we didn't take advantage of, but was nice to know.I'd stay here again - especially if the rate was as low as other reviews say.  But next time, I'd ask for a room with a king sized bed.
5	very good price knowing that you also get free breakfast! Not too far from the strip. Great customer services! Clean Rooms! I stayed with three dogs that also were able to play on the grass in the hotel yard!
4	Not the fanciest Hotel in Vegas, But was pretty decent. It was a few blocks from the strip, so it's within walking distance.... Not that I ever walked it!I had no issues, and it is in a great location. target and Starbucks are right down the street. there are restaurants all around.i would stay here again.minus 1 star just cause it could use some remodeling....
1	I have never been so angry. Have you ever been woke by a fire alarm?! At the check-out morning I got up very early and I had to wait for my friend to pick me up. I was gonna wait until 10:55 to checked out. So before that, i used my laptop to go online but the fire alarm started to ring at 1045. And I was wondering what happen so I went out the room. I can't hear other alarms from other rooms but only my room. Even the walkway is quiet. The alarm stopped for a minute and rang again. And it stopped and rang again and so on so on. The frequency is like someone kept pressing the alarm and releasing. I called the front desk and told them to stop, the guy just asked me to open the door for the cleaner. WTH is that service? After they made sure I was awake, it stopped ringing. And the cleaner kept knocking your door and hurried me to check out.Besides that, there is so much noise in the early morning. When the next door is taking a shower, you will be woke by the noise because it is so huge.I would rather pick another cheaper motel next time. Terrible experience. Like a dog being hurried in the morning.
3	If you need somewhere close to UNLV, that is clean and reasonable this is a good option.
2	This Hotel is Definitely a place to bring all your friends and just trash it..jk                                                                                                                                       Enter main entrance, the agents in the lobby  really nice & happy  (duhhh its Vegas right!!!) , they check us inn, told  us the room is on the other side of the building .                                                                                                                       We park our car close to our hotel building,  get an elevator up , which by the way was hot , we get to our  room & open it ,to my surprise everything was so old school.. kinda like 80s ( makes you feel like you're in Scareface movie) . We booked a "Suite" which  include a "jacuzzi bathtub".. My bf and I didn't even fit inside together. Disappointing ..The cool thing is we actually got a living room with our tiny suite,table chairs , sofa.                                                                                                                      The hotel provides a shuttle that will take you to the strip. So we waited, when it finally arrives , they wouldn't let anyone in because they had to clean off vomit some guy left all over the seats. We rather walk..took us like 45 mins to get to Excalibur hotel..and it was summer time so like 115*degrees.                                                                    Overall good if you are not even going to sleep and all you need is to shower and unpack there!  (i couldnt sleep kept thinking there was BEDBUGS)  Air conditioner sucks !!
2	This hotel is now called "Fortune Hotel and Suites" - so hopefully it'll be updated soon so that people can find the reviews (as I was unable to do before booking, unfortunately).PROS:  - Cheap for its location (near the strip, but barely within walking distance, better off hailing a cab out front).- Smoke-Free and Casino Free - a (relatively) quiet place to retreat to after a crazy night on the strip.- Family friendly (if that's a pro for you - personally do not prefer the abundance of children, but they didn't bother us either)- Air conditioning (once you get it started) works like a champ and is not too loud. - Decent sized room (for the money) with a refrigerator and mini kitchenette area separate from the bathroom.  Nice sized vanity/dressing area also separate from the bathroom.  - Free ParkingCONS: - Check-in took forever.  There were only 2 couples in line in front of us, yet we stood there for a good 20 minutes.  They had only one woman who knew what she was doing (Skip, and she was awesome!) and actually checking people in,  while some other guy (manager? relative of the owner?) buzzed around her and even jumped in to "help" and messed things up.    While we were standing there, someone who'd just checked in came back to say they had been checked into a dirty room, so that took even longer.- You may walk in on someone or have someone walk in on you.   Remember that guy buzzing around?  He actually jumped in (without her asking) during check-in and issued us a room key while she was finishing the computer work.   ...a room key for a different room than she had checked us into.  Luckily we had read the reviews on the travel agent's site and seen that several people had this same problem and actually walked in on people, so we were on guard and caught this, and Skip fixed it for us before walking away from the counter.     We kept the deadbolt locked the entire time we were in the room in case they issued our keys to someone else later.- The cleanliness is iffy.  Our bedding and towels were clean and crisp, but the floor was not vacuumed (as evidenced by the remnants of orange crackers crushed into the carpet from the previous occupants), walls were dirty.- The parking is not in a covered or secured lot.CONCLUSION:This was a clean(ish), safe place to stay for pretty cheap, and other than the delayed checkin, we had no problems.    I've been in some MUCH WORSE hotels in Vegas for this price (bugs and nasty stains), so relatively speaking,  it could have been worse.  Would I stay here again?  Not if I could afford it.  But if it's all I could afford and it was a trip out of necessity, I would probably do it again.   I understand the hotel is under new management and that may be the source of the service/cleanliness problems we encountered, maybe they haven't figured it out yet... Hopefully they'll get it together because the in theory a cheap smoke free hotel near the strip would be a great place to stay.
1	DO NOT, I repeat DO NOT stay here. It is nasty, I feel bad for the staff because they know this hotel is about to be condemned! Got a suite, at first was like, hmm it is nice, once that glamor wore off, reality set in, there is black mold in the bathroom, hair all over the floor, smells like cat litter, bed bugs, bed bugs, bed bugs!!!!! I called Amex immediately and they are removing the charges, I checked the f**k out and am heading else where. At 158 a night, you don't get what you paid for, I wouldn't even stay here for free!!!! If I could give no stars I would! Oh and don't go in the pool, I learned the hard way, I have a red rash all over my body and just read that it was closed down because it was a health hazard! WTF! If you are hungry, just look under the bed, you'll find some moldy cheese and a bloody tampon! So glad I am out of this sh*t hole! DO NOT STAY HERE, EVEN IF IT IS FREE!
