3	Next to the Henderson Pavilion they have vendors selling a hodge podge of goods. Fruits, veggies, nuts, hats, jewelry, signs, someone had large-scale art made out of horseshoes. Also food stands like hot dogs, snow cones, roasted corn, loaves. The fruit was the best you can get it actually had flavor not like the fruit you get at the supermarket.
5	The first time I came here, the vendors for vegetables and fruits was plentiful. There were some essential items here and there that are priced within reason and budget, and out of the farmer's markets this one is in my top two. I bought several ears of corn earlier in the summer of this year, and have to say it was the sweetest, best tasting corn I've ever tasted in my life. All of their produce is high quality.Their vendors seem to switch themselves, for the several other times I've visited, there were some vendors I liked that weren't around. It's a quite a bit of a drive for anyone who isn't located in or near Henderson, but is worth it for anyone looking to support you local growers and markets. You're always bound to find something new here!** BRING CASH WITH YOU ONLY! **
5	All of the vendors here are great. They are here year round although the heard thins in the summer due to the heat. Everything from fresh roasted coffee, fresh baked bread, fruits & vegetables to custom length golf clubs.... What more do you need from a market!
4	Small but nice selection of different local vendors that are present on Friday mornings. NOTE: The one here at Pavilion now is relocated to the parking lot to your right as you enter from the Green Valley side.  There are approximately 15-25 tents spread out in that area. It's blocked off from the rest of the parking lot so it is  pedestrian friendly.The set up for the fruits and vegetables is in boxes or baskets set up on tables.  Not like the farmers market that I grew up with where every stand had crates of fruit and veggies, but still the produce is good quality, farm fresh, most at reasonable prices, and most are grown locally. I like the zucchini! They sell for about the same price as the ones carried at local grocery stores but the ones here are HUGE! Seasonal fruits like the strawberries picked here are nice quality and sweet! The only one I wasn't too thrilled about is the corn...priced high and quality not there.  Then again we are experiencing a corn shortage throughout the country, so  farmers have to make do with what they have I imagine.  There are also vendors that sell local honey,the kettle corn stand, lotions, candles, fresh baked breads from Sugars. (White Chocolate Pumpkin bread!), hand crafted merchandise from some really creative and talented vendors.  I love the unique crochet hats and scarves I find during the winter months here.  My favorite stand here is the tea stand at Grandma Shirley's Tea Shop!  They have a pretty nice variety of loose leaf red, black, green and herbal teas to choose from.  Their stand has little jars of loose leaf tea labeled with the kind of tea in it.  Open one up and can get a whiff at it's contents!  The brochure has a list of teas with description and prices. Every tea I have had so far taste great and is just as good as that fancy tea place in the mall but Grandma Shirley's prices are way more affordable.  I love the Jasmine Pearls tea! Very fragrant, sweet and  smooth. They also make 2 different teas (iced and hot) you can sample.  There are also all kinds of tea accessories like bags, strainers, teapots..all the stuff you can use for making and storing tea. Vendors are super nice and friendly and they take debit/credit cards here.At first I was a little disappointed at the ratio of produce vs artisans vendors, which  is more like 70% artisians/specialty foods and  40% produce, but the produce sold  here is very good if not better quality!!  I was pleasantly pleased.  It is worth coming here and checking out the unique stands. I  look forward to it every week.
4	This farmers market is just around the corner and I'm conveniently off on Friday's so it's a win-win! I usually just hit up the produce tents and sometimes the hotdog tent. All the vendors are pretty friendly and like to chat, try not to get stuck too long! There's an ATM on site because most of them only take cash-ol'a. Wish they took card because I don't always want to pull a $20 out.
3	Could the location be any better? No. It's a gorgeous location & very convenient parking.  Everyone I purchased from had a cell phone credit card thingey, so I was able to use my card (VERY HANDY DANDY)!!86'd  Eats is gluten-free Amazingness, the Tzatziki was to die for!!!!!!!  Along with Sorelle Dressings, who offered  Vegetarian Gluten-Free dressings.I also enjoyed the dude selling humming bird feeders, they were so cute!!!!!This location is mostly arts & crafts with a few food vendors throw in there and really no fresh produce.  There was one farm but it wasn't organic, so sad, too bad. I'll just go back for 86'd & Sorelle :)
3	We stopped by this "farmers" market after visiting the Paseo Verde library to use the computes.  We found only 2-3 booths selling farm produce and I am not sure how much, if any, is actually sold by the farmers who raised the crops.  I purchased a large bunch of red grapes at one stand which were very fresh and delicious.  My wife stopped at another booth and received a mini massage followed by a maxi sales pitch by a pair of scientologists.
3	I stopped by the Farmer's Market on Friday morning, as a friend was having a fundraiser at one of the booths.   Her mom recently passed away, and a friend of hers who has a booth at the market decided to give a portion of the money she earned to a charity in her mom's name.My first impression is that this place is REALLY small.  There weren't that many vendors, and I really didn't see much in the way of produce.The booth that I made my purchase at is Muffin But Love, and I really like this booth.  Delicious and affordable muffins in fun flavors like Snickerdoodle, and Brown Sugar Toffee.   NOM!  I'd go back just for this!There were lots of artsy vendors, which made it feel more like a flea market than a farmer's market.It was ok, for the size, but I think I will try one close to my house for more of the "farmers market" feel.  But I will be back for more muffins. :)
4	We purchase quite a bit here when we juice...we can load up on juicing stuff for CHEAP....the produce is really good...yummy...yes it is sort of small, but we drive 25 miles one way!! just for the fruit and veggies...
4	Love the local honey vendor and Gary's Produce!! Seriously, Gary's peaches are the best.
5	Such a good experience! Not a ton of vendors but the few that were there, were awesome! All such kind people. Fair pricing as well.
