4	This is one of the larger locations for Zia in the valley... Walking into this store reminded me of walking into one of the old large Tower Records or Warehouse stores back during their reign. It's large, bright, clean, and organized well. This location has a great selection of new and used items. They have plenty of Criterion DVDs and a pretty good foreign section. If you live near here, you're lucky... if not, take the trip... it's worth it. One of the managers - Eric (covered in tattoos and sings in a rock band) - is one of this stores greatest assets. I brought in nearly 100 asian DVDs for trade and he was knowledgeable enough to know what they were and he took them all when the Tempe location was confused and wouldn't even take a look. I'm told that some of his regular customers followed him to this location when he moved from the Tempe store.I used to shop at Zia when I was a kid, but stopped after awhile because I frequently felt cheated - their prices a bit high and their buyback offers a bit low. Well, the policies here are shared by all the stores, but walking into this store I feel like they've grown up a bit. I'm still mainly an internet shopper, but this location kinda won me over. I'm a fan of Zia again.
4	I happen to have a couple boxes full of old vinyl that a roommate from years ago left in my house when they disappeared without paying rent........Why have I been toting them around all these years I have no idea.I guess I was hoping that someday they would make up for all the money I was owed by said roommate.After Bookmans had a look and gave me a generous credit line, I still had a whole box full.I just happen to drive past this Zia Record Exchange so I thought I'd try and get rid of some more of them.Big store, well kept and smells strongly of Nag Champa. Lot's of inventory, mostly Cd's DVD's and Vinyl. If your looking for a deal and can handle the smell, new or used your likely to find it here.In the end I was offered 48$ trade or 35$ cash, I took the cash this time. (bookmans cash to trade ratio is not nearly as high)And I still have a box full of vinyl....pretty cool.  Now to find another place willing to take them off my hands!4 stars for giving me money for something that was worthless to me!Thanks!!
5	I try to buy all my cds at Zia simply to keep indie music stores like this in business. I spent many teenage hours flipping through the LPs at record stores in England and I would hate for the likes of Walmart (what were you thinking ACDC & Eagles?!?!?!) and itunes to become the only places I can buy music.I want selection, new, used, music mag's, tee shirts, posters, all the stuff that Zia does so well. Stop buying music at the corporations and support Zia ... only when they are gone will you realize how much you miss places like this.
5	I honestly don't know how these guys can afford to compete against The Internet and WalMart et al, but they do. Probably by having cool staff, an eclectic collection (for a store this size), and a few other goodies that appeal to music lovers. You don't have to be ideologically driven to enjoy this place, and I've happily killed plenty of time just browsing through things. Sometimes special events happen in store (although that's more true of the other location), so talk with staff to keep up on whats up. If you have old CDs or records lying around, drop by to look around a get a few bucks out of your visit.
5	Love Zia Record Exchange! I can kill so much time in this place. It's a pretty eclectic store. They have an awesome selection of new and used cd's, LP's, video's and other items related to music (and some not related). Very friendly staff that's always willing to assist. I know that I can usually find what I'm looking for in either new or used music at the lowest prices around. I can spend hours (which I have) just browsing through this place. Stores like this are far and few now, so help support you local chains such as Zia.
4	I come here for all my music needs. I am young but still prefer a good cd. They have all my favorite 80s metal CDs, new heavy metal CDs, hardcore rap CDs, etc.... This place is good. Prices a little high but worth it. A must go to For CDs!!
5	I absolutely love this store. I used to visit the one in Tempe but was ecstatic when they opened this store up in Chandler. I used to come down here all the time in high school. I as well consider myself a music enthusiast and love the eclectic, indie feel of these stores. I especially love their support of local AZ bands and the selection they have for that. I loved being able to walk straight up to the local section and see what cds were out. My only complaint now is that they place all the local groups' albums on the regular shelves with all the other cds. I would LOVE it if they set aside a "local" section again so it were easier to browse. Zia is also my favorite place to go check out what concerts or going on in the valley. All the flyers they have lying around for shows is just fun to look thru. When Authority Zero released their 2nd album, this store hosted the cd release party and it was a BLAST! It was such a crazy thing to walk in there for a concert.I traded in items one time at Zia (at this store.) I had a box full of cds and a few dvds to get rid of. My trade in credit was like $95 bucks- not bad for a reseller. This is one of my favorite places to just go walk around. After high school, I got a job in Chandler, and happened to be able to buy a nice house just a couple blocks away from this store, and I've been so happy being so close as opposed to having to drive in from East Mesa like I used to. This is store is the bomb and has something for everyone.
4	Shufflin' ova to Zia Record Exchange in Chandler, AZ!  They got a good selection of CD's available used and new.  They even have LMFAO!  They don't have as big a selection as Rasputin Records in CA., but enough to keep the party rock in the house tonight!  It's cool having these stores around where you can still shop for new and used CD's and Dvd's.  They even have LP records!
4	Zia always has a great selection of both cd's and dvd/blu-ray.  And the great thing with zia, is you can trade in your old media - cd, dvd, video games etc, for credit toward buying new stuff.  I usually go thru my cd's and dvds, then head down to zia - trade it in and come home with something new.  If they do not have it, they order it and call you when it arrives.  The staff are always knowledgable and helpfull.  I have been going to zia in tempe for many years - and the chandler location is just a good if not better.
5	Zia is a great place. Service is good, and not pushy, Prices are fair to cheap. Nice atmosphere and variety. It's where I buy all my movies and CDs.
5	I like this store a lot!  It has a good selection of dvds and music in stock and if it's not in, it generally can be special ordered.  Rather interesting shirts can be had there it seems.  The incense smells wonderful, I might add.The staff is the other bonus.  I don't recall ever having bad service there.  The staff is usually rather nice.  My last visit was over the top with first rate customer service and fun conversations.  Before a few days ago it would have gotten a 4 star rating but my last experience was so good, I felt the need to add that 5th star.
4	I always find good used records at Zia.  I know I'll come out with something.  They're pricing is usually pretty high on records/artists/genres that are popular or trendy.  That's pretty standard for anyplace.  The Ghost of Eastside keeps their prices slightly lower with more obscure selection.However, the flipside is that Zia will overlook gems in their used stock and price them pretty low.  Probably because they don't know much about certain band line-ups, labels or releases in general.  I've found quite a few gems for two or three bucks in the used section.  Used records are where it's at.  There is no rationale in buying anything new because they'll press those things in such high numbers that they're not rare anymore.  I'll still buy some new things from bands and such.  Not a lot.Anyhow, I inadvertantly went to this Zia on record store day.  I was eating with my kids at that Chinese place around the corner.I found a bunch of shit (not all rare but stuff I wanted): The Shit Licker's EP "Cracked Cop Skulls (total early swede crust/dis), Orchid s/t 7" on Hand Held Heart, The Automatics "Golden Hits" and "Makin Out", Chubbies "Im the King" 7" on Sympathy, The Tie That Binds "Adding Machine" 7", Gravy Train "Hello Doctor" LP. All %15 off for record store day.I'll always check out Zia.  I'll always check out anyplace that sells records but I have to say that I do like Zia.
3	Trade credit could and should be higher. Staff could and should be friendlier. The store is well stocked and organized. I much prefer the Tempe location. I just feel like I get crappy vibes from the staff everytime I come in
4	I am a total dinosaur when it comes to DVDs and CDs, granted yes, I have an iPod and so forth but there's nothing like that CD sound versus those compressed MP3s. Yes, I still buy DVDs but I am old fashioned, just picked up 4 for $10, so why not! The staff is always helpful and the prices are awesome.
5	Great old fashion music store for everything new and used. Movie selection is top notch.
5	There are all sorts of gems that are priced very low. Plan on spending a lot of time browsing the selections because they are quite randomly placedThey have me a fair price for a couple of boxes of vinyl records.
4	Really great stuff in here. Was impressed at their original Xbox, SNES, NES, and even ATARI collection! Wow. As a vintage gamer, impressed. When I first moved to the area, I went in to try and find Meat Puppets' "Monsters" - and of course they had it - USED - and at a great price! Was psyched too because the Puppets are LOCAL, and well, I've come out of this store really happy every time.They have lots here.. DVDs, even vinyl, toys, and more. Bargains everywhere. Hope they last a long time. Long live real record stores!
2	Let me first say that I'm no music buff and I'm definitely not a shopper. When I go shopping, I like to go in, get what I need and get out. So when I went into Zia to get my BIL a Christmas gift, I definitely needed some help. All I knew is that he wanted a Blues-y record. I did have a few names to check for but needed help on where to find them. As I walk in, the first thing I do is ask for help. Again, I like to get in and out as quickly as possible, lol. The guy told me that there should be someone back there that could help. Shockingly, no one ever did come to help me :(I found the record section although was still pretty lost as to what I was trying to find. I didn't know whether I was in the new section or the used. Needless to say, my experience wasn't that great. I was able to find a record... but later found out he already had it! Of course, lol. Zia was really good with exchanging it though, so I'll give them that! :)
4	I've been to this location a few times now. It's a good size and I can always find what I am looking for, and usually something that I wasn't, of course.Went in over the weekend to do some trade. They weren't too busy so it was taken care of pretty quickly. Found a video game in the meantime that my kids thought would be fun.When we went to pay, the cashier had to go in the back to get the game and was gone for quite some time. I *kind of* understand why they probably do this, but as we stood there waiting, the line behind us started to form and I started to feel like a jerk. There should be a better system for this, but I don't know what it would be. I'm sure they have tried and this is just what works best.I will be back for sure. Even when my daughter wanted the new Katy Perry cd and we paid the full $18.99 for it...I would rather give my money to a real record store than to "insert discount box megastore here".
5	I love Zia Records. Yes. I am an "old man" who still buys CDs. I used to have thousands of CDs and I converted them all to mp3 then all of my files got corrupted so never again. I am back to CDs. No file corruption here.This is probably one of the only places left where you can still buy CDs and have a great selection. Now they don't have every single album by every single artist but who does. That is probably a good thing because then I would end up buying half the store. So you might have to go back a few times to find what you are looking for. No big deal. It is nice to roam around the stacks.They have every kind of music there is. So even you weirdos who listen to things no one has ever heard of or shouldn't hear ever they have it. The prices aren't too bad either. You could probably go on-line and save some money but by the time you pay shipping and wait around you probably didn't really save that much.I will definitely keep coming back here. Great selection, clean and organized store and friendly staff. Plus how can you beat a local record store.CDs forever! At least until they get rid of file corruption or another format come out.
4	Great store for music. Great vinyl selection. Go analog and tubes!
5	This place is awesome! They have just about everything and everyone imaginable in music...and if they don't, they can special-order it for you! This store is nice and everything is open and spread out with plenty of room to walk around and check out music, books, collectibles, and much more! The employees are  really friendly and easy to talk to. This is in a pretty good location as well and easy to gt in and out of, although the parking lot is a bit odd. Next time you're in search of music, I recommend you checking out Zia.
4	Zia, oh Zia, sometimes you kick me in the junk and then want to make out. But that's okay. I don't mind that you smell like a nag champa factory. I even held you tight that Christmas when the kids were taking sketchy pencil rubbings of everybody's cards because the credit card processor went down. (To Zia's immense credit, nothing funky ever showed up on that card.)Because in spite of your oddities, and your hit-or-miss inventory, and your hit-or-miss employees, you are truly magnificent.Whatever you want, they're probably got it. My one issue with the inventory is that I frequently shop here for gifts, and it's not uncommon for Zia to have literally dozens of gift list items only as used copies. Some people don't mind receiving good used stuff, but when I need or want to buy new, it's kind of a bummer.And now, a secret, since several people have mentioned bearing the local record shop's higher prices: Zia usually discounts for preorder and release. If you know there's an album coming out that you want, either preorder it or go buy it the week it comes out. You'll save 3 or 4 bucks over going in the next week. And sign up for the Zia Rewards program, which both accrues reward points and (usually) gets you a survey card good for a discount on your next purchase.
5	Thank you zia for bringing the comic book culture back to life in Arizona. Even tho THIS zia happens to have one of the slimmest comic book selections around, they are the first place i have seen reasonably priced comics in decades. you cant beat a price tag of .99 cents. Eventually i found the zia off of thunderbird which features 9 comics for .99 cents a piece and u get the 10th free, and i continue to scour Zia's across Arizona finding just gems hidden in those 99 cent bins. Thank you again zia of chandler for rekindling my love for a forgotten art. Also if you have a thing for records visit this chandler location, they have an extremely wide variety and crazy knowledgeable staff.
4	Dear Zia, Thank you for continuing to exist.  I realize that's no easy feat for a music store in the digital age, but you manage to defy the odds, and I'm so grateful you do. There are very few places remaining (if any) that offer a comparable selection of records (oh records), used CD's, old school video games, comic books, novelty tees and incense even. And kudos on your extensive selection of all those fun little nostalgic trinkets that take me far back  into my younger days. It's a joy having you around and I hope you'll stay a while. P.S. Good job on allowing me to give back to a charity of my choice when I opt out of using plastic bags. I like that.
1	Since this company buys used CD's, records and DVD's, this review is for those people who want to sell their CD's or records to this company.Here are the rules.  Zia will give you either a store credit or cash for your box of whatever.  If you take the cash, they WILL DEDUCT 30% from that amount.  They tell you it will take an hour or more to go thru your box of stuff.  They WILL NOT keep your stuff over night so forget about leaving it for the next day.So here is the net net.  While I was told on the phone prior to going that processing them all could take an hour or two, when I arrived, I was told that they were busy and it would probably be more like 2-3 hours and that they would call me.  That would have been acceptable had it all gone down that way.  It did not.  Four hours after dropping off my stuff at 12:30 PM, I had received no call.  Upon calling the store I was told that it would be yet another hour or so.  Needless to say, I was not called to come back to the store until 9:30PM.... a total of 9 hours after dropping the box off.  Of course they were "sorry" it took so long.  After suggesting that I would come back the next day, that is when I found out about the "no overnight" policy.  So, back in the car and drive to the store. I brought 176 items, mostly CD's and about 30 records.  Because I wanted cash and not a store credit, the cash I received was reduced by 30% to a grand total of $18.83 or .11 per item.  Bottom line, after 9 hours for processing and 2 trips back and forth to the store, it was a complete and total waste of time and money.  Here's my suggestion.  Give your CD's, records and DVD's to someone who would appreciate them... like a disadvantaged family or charitable organization and skip being a cheap, enabling source of supply for this company.  .11 per item with free delivery... really?  NEVER AGAIN.
5	I love the staff ! They are all so cool so nice and really want to help you find what you're looking for ! A staff that goes up and beyond for their customers ! I love going here, this location particularly !
4	Zia is a throwback to when music was a shared experience, not just buying songs online and sitting in corner with you earbuds implanted in your skull.  Just to be able to browse, look and get an idea as to the vast volume and variety of music - and the all important and associated artwork - is a sad reminder of the disappearance of art and intrusion of of cold and calculated isolation into the music business.
4	Zia Records is a pretty neat store where you will always find unique novelty items lining the walls. They have a more than decent selection of music and DVDs, which I spend at least an hour poring over each  time I go in. I normally check back every few weeks because the selection is always different based on what is brought in, purchased, etc. I really appreciate that they offer used CDs at a fraction of the cost other places offer the same items at. It's awesome to go in and purchase 10 CDs and only spend $50. They DO have new items as well! I like this store and would recommend it for every genre of music you are in search of!P.S. They also discontinued the use of bags and have boxes to donate tokens in place of the bags! They then donate the price of what a bag would cost to these charities.
4	Loved their inventory of music and novelty items. I had to really search for the artists I was looking for, but I won't complain because I was having a blast finding so much more than I was looking for. Got my J Boog and Jay Tee cuts, now I can kick back and chill.
4	All I kept thinking about when I stepped into Zia Records was, like Wow... they've taken a 60's head shop and mixed it with a record store and POOF!  "Let's Do The Time Warp Again!"The Zia chain is a used Record/ CD/ DVD/ Book/ Speaker shop that has incense burning to set the mood. I would imagine, though I didn't ask, that you could purchase rolling paper here too. So I began to wonder where are they hiding Bill and Ted as I walked around the store?  LOLDon't get me wrong, I really like the concept and the prices seemed pretty good. If I was going off to college again, besides IKEA this would definitely make my list. This is a Geeks, Geek place. They have dorm posters and lots of cool toys from TV's past and present.  Everything from the robot from "Lost in Space"(photos), to a fairly large statues of Leonard Nimoy's Spock, both Matt Smith's and David Tennant's "Dr Who, as well as bendable toy figures from CBS's "Big Bang Theory". And yes, they have both Penny and Leonard. But let's not go there okay! LOLSo yes, I'm a Fan of Zia Records, and yes I'll be back. Now where did I leave my Tardis?  Beam me up Scott D!
5	Zia records is just awesome!  They have everything you could want at a decent price.  I've found some very cool records and memorabilia in the store that years ago would have had to find online.  My favorite time was when Ghost did a signing in Tempe before their show.  I'll miss this place when I move.
1	ive been going to zia records (the mill ave location) for 10 years now.  Never had a single problem, i love the friggin place.  I now live next to their chandler blvd location, and went in tonight to trade in about 150 movies.   This curly haired kid with glasses greets me and lets me know he has someone ahead of me with even more movies then i had, and that itd be about 2 hours before they could get to mine, it was seven pm and they dont close until 11 pm, PLENTY OF TIME,  but he really wanted me to wait until tomorrow, he kept insisting and recommending i wait until tomorrow, but i decided to leave the movies with them and get it done tonight anyway.  He left my movies outside of the area behind the desk (even though there was plenty of room behind the desk, including three empty long shelves)  in front of a rack of their movies, at the feet of where the customers walked, now i dont mean to be picky about that, but ive grown up around plenty of kids who would gladly take that oppurtunity to snatch a couple movies, that are obviously not the stores movies,  they could easily walk out with them without tripping the alarm.  He assured me theyd be fine there, so i walked out and said "ill see you guys soon"  then i got to thinking, those are going to be sitting there for two hours, just inviting people to snatch them, so i walked back in and showed him that theyd fit JUST FINE on the shelf behind their desk, and he finally fricken gave in....  THANK YOU, jesus christoSO, by now its obvious the little brat is lazy and doesnt want to work past 9 pmThey call me around 9 pm to tell me my quote is ready, and that i needed to be down there by 10 pm.... even though they are open until 11.  I get there at 9 30 and i had a couple extra movies i had forgot that i wanted to add on, but he didnt want to take in any more trade ins. after asking a couple times, he finally gives in.    Now the real trouble starts.  So the kid put aside 47 of my movies that they would only give me 5 cents for, which is understandable because they werent in the best condition (when i got home i found out that 10 of them were perfectly fine, i had watched the movie once or twice and then it sat in its case)  Anyway, the kid was going to give me 33 dolars for everything including the 5 cent videos, but i decided to just keep the 5 cent videos. So 47 movies for 5 cents each is almost $2.50, but if i wanted to keep them he was going to take the price down to $22.  i tried and tried to explain to him that it doesnt make sense to take away $11 if they are only worth $2. He just kept saying its our policy its our policy.  BS DUDE!!.  So now the red headed manager, i think her name was paula, steps in to try and help, and she proves my point that im supposed to get $31 for the movies, but her and the kid dont realize he was telling me id only be getting $22, they tell me that i misunderstood, and the kid starts acting like he was going to be giving me $31 the whole time.  So because i was angry, they are all acting like "whats his problem" never realzing that it was him who had screwed up and gave me the wrong price.  it took me 15 minutes of arguing with these people to get the money they owed me, and still they all thought it was me who misunderstood.  I never got an "im sorry sir, i was confused or i added it up wrong" they just sat there and looked at me as if i was the one who misunderstood, and they even told me that i was the one who misunderstood.What a bunch of idiots.
2	CD/DVD/BLU selection? Great.Used vinyl? Awful. A few years ago this place had a huge selection of used records. Now, it has dwindled down to just a few measly bins. What happened?
1	Umm... This place always has poor customer service any time I have gone in- I am not sure where they hire these people from. My husband was holding my purse for me and as we walked in they asked him to leave his bag at the the register! I was like, "My purse?! I don't think so!!" Their staff looks shady- yeah I trust them with my wallet- not! Should have walked out then and there, but the awkward situation took a couple minutes to process- as this has NEVER EVER happened to me in a store before! They also lost a sale from some things I will now just purchase on Amazon along with any chance at any future business with me. NOTE TO MANAGEMENT/OWNER: asking to hold someone's bag/purse up front is a huge liability from a risk management perspective: 'Yeah, my I pad has gone missing!', 'Dude I had $500 in here and now it's gone!'... You may want to train your employees proper etiquette and better customer service as theft deterent- that usually works at nicer stores like Nordstrom, Apple, and Sephora! And basically every other store I have been to (None of them have tried to take my purse! Imagine that!). Would rate no stars if I could, this is abhorrent and unacceptable.
2	They are moving.That would explain it.
