5	Why is it always that the hardest thing to find when moving to a new city is a good church and a barber shop. Yet, for some reason Las Vegas of all places is absolutely different! I'm absolutely in love with this church! It's not the typical stuffy service filled with old people smelling like moth balls, but with various ages excited and invigorated by Pastor Toms simplistic breakdown of the gospel. After walking out of the facility, you not only feel empowered but enlightened all at the same time! This is a must to experience while in Las Vegas!
5	we love Pastor Tom!!
1	First of all, let me say that I was a part of this church for 3, almost 4 years.I loved Pastor Tom, and Robyn, and Helen.  I loved being a part of this church.  I even went on a mission trip with them.  Also, Pastor Tom's parents are amazing people.  I loved them a lot.I used to sing on their Praise Team every Sunday, for 3 services, AND on Wednesday nights.  Pastor Tom is passionate about what he preaches.  HOWEVER.What I have a problem with, is the fact that if you try to take time away to take care of yourself, you are looked down upon.  If you're sick, you're asked to "push through" and "serve" anyway...in my case I was being asked to sing 3 services with a sore throat and no voice. This went on for 3 weeks.  I had a terrible cold and was "not allowed" to take a Sunday off to get some rest until I threatened to flat out quit the praise team.  I'm sorry, but how can you effectively "serve" the church if you aren't well?  I am a student and teacher of Middle Eastern dance, and was CONSTANTLY asked when I was going to give it up.  Um.  Never.  God granted me the ability to dance, and there is absolutely NOTHING wrong with what I was doing, so why should I stop?  I started taking Ballroom dance classes, and was told that I shouldn't do that because I might be "tempted" into sin by dancing.  Didn't David dance before the Lord?  Didn't we have a dance team there of "hip hop" dancers?  Hypocrits.I also have never met a church so money hungry in my life.  They had a campaign a few years ago to raise a million dollars to build a new sanctuary.  At the time, I was on board, and pledged to give a LOT more than I could afford.  Well, times were tough, and I ended up needing the money to pay bills and take care of things...and I received harrasing letters "reminding" me that I had pledged to GOD that I was going to give this money. I'm sorry.  I have to take care of myself, because if I don't pay my bills, we all know that the church and god wouldn't step in and pay them for me. I cannot get behind a church that looks down on you and harrasses people.  Maybe if you take better care of your people (giving them a day off every now and again...the Pastors get a day when there are guest speakers...just sayin...) and stop hounding people for money...preach more about God and his love.  Not his love of money.  MY god isn't a selfish materialistic god...I hope this church has turned around since i've been there.  Somehow I doubt it, but...one can always hope.
