5	Absolutely great beer selection and such a convenient location.  Only had a chance to stop in for a second today, will thoroughly review ASAP.
5	Great new beer store in NODA! Jason has a really good selection of 6-pk, mixed 6 options as well as 22s.  Picked up a 4-pk of Terrapin's Hopzilla and had to hold back from snagging a number of other gems.  Would highly recommend!
5	I stopped by in the early evening on a week day just a few days after the opening.  Salud is just north of 36th street on Davidson in the heart of NoDa. The layout is really clean and fairly spacious, much more so than Common Market which I'm certain many will compare Salud to.  There are two couches near the front windows for lounging and a rectangular table in the back with stools and beer magazines to browse through.  There's a small four or so seat bar with 4 taps in the middle of the shop.  There is a small patio in the back outside of the store.  The walls were lined with a very nice variety of beers in bottles, cans, bombers (22oz), and even a few growlers (64oz) including some beer in coolers that can be consumed on site if desired.  You can make your own six pack from anything in the store.  Most importantly the owner is very passionate and knowledgeable about his product and made some great beer recommendations.  Salud is a craft beer shop not a bar, but the setup invites you to stay and enjoy a beer from the cooler or on draught during your visit inside or on the patio.  If you love beer I highly recommend a visit.  This is a place that deserves to do well and I will definitely be back.
5	Amazing beer selection, availabele to go or to consume immediatly on a little patio. I think I found my new favourite american beer, but it might change next time I'm there.
5	loving Salud.A week in and Jason seems to be doing alright - fully stocked shelves of great choices, a cooler of everything from 12 oz bottles (and cans) to growlers, taps with amazing NC brews, and a nice space to enjoy a few in. The "patio" is a little on the small side (maybe 6 chairs and two tables) but it's cozy, and we were able to hear the live music coming from Wine Up.With all those options (including some gluten-free), a soon to be growing snack selection (right now it's mostly chips and beef jerky), comfy seating inside, and a very knowledgeable owner - I know I'll be back. Although some of his stock you can get elsewhere in town, it was nice to see some beers and ciders I haven't been able to find in Charlotte.
5	Great spot. Excellent selection. Good Prices. Very Friendly.
5	Dropped by the Salud Beer Shop on 4/28/12 as part of my first real experience of NoDa.  This is another great spot for beer lovers.  Great selection of beers from around the world with very reasonable prices.  Best part about Salud is that the price for your beer is the same whether you drink it there or pay and take it home with you.  They still keep the prices reasonable with no "corkage fee", but they do have a wide range of prices due the higher end specialty beers that they carry.  Price range is about 2$ to 20$ depending on if you want a PBR can all the way to a 22oz bottle to share with some friends.My wife, who does not like beery beers as she says, was able to find a wide selection of sours, lambic and geuze beers that she loves.  Everybody was happy, we drank a double IPA by Mikkeller,  St Louis Geuze and Duchesse de Bourgogne.  They do have 4 or 5 taps, but the variety comes in the bottle selection. They have a dozen or so seats, if you want to drink there and I think they have a patio out back as well, but we did not head outside.  We enjoyed a few beers here before we continued our journey through NoDa.
5	My first visit was a quick walk through to check the store out, grab some beer and leave. The store is amazing, from the graffiti outside to all the great beer inside and a freaking NES, what is not to love? I can hardly find Fullsteam Brewery in stores while I am in the Triangle, so imagine my surprise to find it here at Salud. I grabbed a growler and also saw they had growlers from Mystery Brewery in Hillsborough, NC...where I went to high school! The guy running the store said he went and got them himself, props. I am going to get some of that on my next trip. With a more concentrated selection than Total Wine, awesome store and fair prices; I think I found my new favorite beer store. Next time when I have time I have to play that NES though, for real.
5	The owner  is great. He can suggest a beer for any palate or craving.Awesome selection of stock and a unique draft selection allows you to explore new brews at reasonable prices.Excellent addition to the neighborhood!
5	Checked out Salud on a hump day.... it was sadly, not crowded, which was nice for us... but I would expect this place to be hoppin' after work!  There's a ton of beers to choose from - mix and match to make your own six pack.  Even some beers on draft to try.  We grabbed some Brooklyn Monster and sat on the patio for a little bit on a very nice day.Totally laid back place to hang out and talk all things beer... or just relax after a long work day.  Made me want to start brewing my own beer right there with all the literature around and all the cool looking micro/craft brews from the area.  I'm sure the owner probably knows a few things about brewing and you can probably get some advice if you are undertaking a new recipe or beer you want to try to make.The price of beer here was great...  there is a wide range of prices and some really interesting looking beers to try.
4	Guys don't shoot me. Am I the first person not to give Salud five stars? Great comfy leather seating area and flat screens tvs. Ample beer selection but not enough beers in the fridge section cold and ready to drink. I had a delicious pear cider but it would be nice to see more cold brews...
5	A wonderful selection of beers, especially some that are hard-to-find locally.  Staff is very knowledgeable, prices are reasonable.  One of the best parts is that the prices are the same whether you're drinking there or taking it home.
5	I ADORE this place.  Went here with some friends who are regulars, so we got to hang out with the owner who was a cool dude.  Got to sample a bunch of different beers, and the owner was very knowledgeable and was able to recommend different types of beer for me to try.I know some other reviews have mentioned this, so it may be redundant for me to as well, but they have an old school Nintendo NES with not one, but TWO Duck Hunt guns.  So yea.  I will DEFINITELY be going back to this place!
4	Awesome shop and great knowledgable service. Very cool decor/atmosphere and GREAT craft beer selection. Come thirsty!!Grab a game of battleship and hang out on the patio enjoying your beer.
5	Been coming to Salud for a while and have loved the brew selection, variety and friendliness of the owner each time. Very helpful and always willing to help you find what you're looking for...or what you didn't know you were looking for before your visit. Multiple times, I've come in and intended on buying a growler or six-pack of a particular brew/brewery and ended up with something else. Love it when that happens. Love that they carry growlers from "hard to reach" breweries like Greenman, Mystery, and Fullsteam. Though there's nothing like getting it straight from the source, Salud makes it a nice treat when you can't make it to the Triangle, Asheville, or Hillsborough. One other gem that I was stoked to find was Slingshot Coffee. Iced coffee concentrate or ready-to-drink coffee brewed and bottled in Raleigh. I had heard about it in an article and found that Salud is one of the only places that carries it in Charlotte. Looks like I'll be in frequently to pick up this treat. Love that you can pay with Square, too. Texting myself a receipt is so much better than printing something I'm going to throw away. Though parking can sometimes be a pain, you can slip in and out really quick if you're picking up beer and going. If you're staying to enjoy beer on draught or take a seat and split a six-pack with some buds, you may want to find a parking space down the road a bit. The parking lot behind the shop seems a little sketchy with all of the $5 signs. I'm never sure what to trust, haha. Proceed with caution. Cheers!
5	Awesome!!! Favorite spot in town. Love the owner, love the beer! Best in Charlotte!
5	When I think of Salud I reflexively start humming the Cheers theme. Jason and his group of some-nights-employees-some-nights-patrons have a great way of making a girl and her beer feel right at home. Add to that an wide selection of shelved and chilled bottles and an impressive tap list and you have the makings of a great bottle shop. There is always something new to try, especially on draft. Charlotte's local breweries are strongly represented but you will also find brews from far and wide, as well as from breweries that have no real home at all (I'm looking at you Evil Twin!).Sometimes you do want to go where everybody knows your name, and you want to have a great beer when you get there. It is those times for which Salud exists.
5	Awesome. This is my first time coming here and well, lets just say I think this is a very nice alternative to the common market. Except this one has a lot more room and is less crowded. (But, common market has a deli!)I came here to meet up some friends and we had a very nice time just hanging out. We went from bottle to bottle until the place closed up shop. They have really neat decorations and an awesome selection of beer. We tried mostly NC beers because my friend was from the Bay. I wouldn't say this place is just a shop, it was definitely a hang out spot as well. Couches, small table, window table, and as well as a bar has a ton of places to just chill. Overall, if I do have friends over I'll come here to drink and catch up. This is the spot to be!
4	I have only been here a handful of times so far. That being said I have always been recognized by the owner and have always had a great time. They have a ton of beer. That being said. Not a lot of cold ones. Few more coolers and this place is golden. This shop is much needed as well as  the perfect edition to noda. Now if I can only get the owner to give up his source for the Darklord and CBS beers we will have the perfect beer shop. *hint hint* In all seriousness check this place out next time you are in noda. If not for the beer then for the classic Nintendo in the front window. If you can beat my 124,500 points on duck hunt ill buy you a beer!
5	Best place in Charlotte for beer...draft or bottle...or both!  Jason and Darailyn are great hosts!
5	I've been back to Salud several times since my first review.  I still really dig this place and it's established itself well in NoDa.  It can get pretty busy on Friday and Saturday evenings.  There are regular beer tastings during the week, on Wednesdays I think (check their Twitter or FB).  This is a great place to start the evening out if you're into quality beer and I will continue to visit often.
4	Another great addition to the neighborhood!  On a recent search for Hopslam I tweeted to Salud and being that they are tapped into social media avenues solidly I got a prompt response that they indeed had some.Upon walking in you get the sense this place is very much a laid back local beer shop for NoDa.  Tons of bottles to choose from and few choice brews on tap for the times you have a chance to stay a while.  Super friendly staff and knowledgeable to boot!
5	Great selection. Expert knowledge. Love the square wallet checkout. Super fast.
5	Amazing beer selection, cool atmosphere and did I mention beer? Stop in, try something new and take it home with you. What is not to love?
5	Salud quickly become one of my favorite watering holes in Charlotte. This place makes you feel right at home the second you walk in. Jason and crew are very accessible, friendly and knowledgeable about the products they put on their shelves, fridges and taps. I've had many a nights here losing myself in great conversations with other beer lovers and other interesting people amidst  great beer, snacks, laughter and cheers.As if that wasn't enough, Salud offers an incredible beer selection. Probably one of the better selections in town. Also, I love the fact that he always puts interesting beer on his taps. Unlike some other places that boast of taps, yet stock them with the same local beers you can get down the road for cheaper, or, god forbid, AB beers, Jason's selection is usually something you've not tried or is not as readily available.Walk on in, grab a beer, and strike a conversation with a random stranger. You won't regret spending your evening here.
5	They have Nintendo and beer.  That should've been enough, but fine. They have plenty of great bottles of beer, a great welcoming and knowledgeable staff and a nice handful of beers on draft. Charlotte does have several good bottle shops now (none of which are really close to my home), but Salud still just feels the most inviting and is my top choice to go if i plan to hang out for a beer before taking some home. It would be cool if there were more comfy seats around, but they do quite well with the space they have, including an outdoor space which i'm yet to utilize.They also have a mirror in the bathroom with its own Twitter account (@saludmirror)...so what more do you want? Go and enjoy yourself.
4	I love the concept of this place...wall-to-wall beer and a nice little selection of rotating draft beers. Big comfy couches and a little outside area too. (very little-mind you). Beers range in the $5-6 price point. They were nice about sampling / suggesting and it was small but not jammed packed.  The only trouble we had (and reason for - 1 star) was locating someone to serve our beer. The people who work there have the best job ever because they were clearly palling with friends and having a few beers too...which I don't mind but when you have people waiting around for a beer, it makes it awkward for them to interrupt you to ask for a drink . I was also sad to find out the three or four different Nintendo games I tried didn't work...flashback to blowing on the bottom of the games in hopes that Duck Hunt will magically appear.  One suggestion -I wish they offered a discounted draft beer of the day in the $3-4 range.
5	Best place for craft beer. Perfect to stop in and grab a 6 pack. Staff knows what's trending and owner is helpful. Love this place.
5	Awesome selection of craft beers by the bottle and 6 pack.I was able to find Polestar Pilsner by Left Hand Brewery here after Growlers Pourhouse ran out of it on tap. Which was actually tragic because that was my boyfriends favorite...lucky for him i was able to surprise him with a 6 pack of his own and a connection to the stuff too. It can be a little overwhelming if you don't know what you're looking for. The walls are lined with shelves, lined with beers, and all the artwork on the bottles sort of blend together to make a giant quilt of mini pictures...its actually pretty cool. The staff is very very helpful, and definitely knows his stuff. I'll definitely make this a regular stop when Im on the hunt for specialty beers.
5	One of the very best bottle shops in North and South Carolina with a wide selection of well crafted beers from all over the globe and an awesome selection of local ones as well. Jason will definitely take care of you here. Must go to place when in the NoDa area.
2	Decent selection. Seemed cramped and hard to find anything. Only one person working and it was all he could do to keep up with the tap customers. Parking lot next door is a pay lot from 3:00pm - 8:00am.Also, I asked for Pisgah products, and the young man at the counter said he had never heard of them. You probably should at least know the popular breweries in your state if you are going to dirk in a craft beer store.
5	Love this shop! The owners are always helpful and they have great craft beer finds. Friendly atmosphere and a fun crowd. If you need a new spot to buy your favorite craft beers this is it.
5	Came here for some after dinner drinks with a couple of friends and had a great time! It's a quant bottle store with multiple drafts and cold beer options to choose from. You will find knowledgeable staff who enjoy beer and enjoy sharing their wealth of beer knowledge to help you find the perfect brew. Salud has comfy couches to chill out and tables where you can play cards or games with your friends. It's a great place to try a variety of craft beers that you can't easily find elsewhere.  Now anytime we are in the NoDa we will definitely stop by!
5	This shop is a better place to drink than places that call themselves bars. Jason knows his product, the taps always rock, the beer available for purchase is amazing. Any bad review of this place will answer to me. And I'll have a few empty bottles to be broken over foolish heads thanks to Salud!
5	The best local place to get beer.  It has the feeling of NODA. I have never seen a better selection of cold quality craft beers.
5	This type of place just doesn't exist where I'm from. But I wish it did. Salud feels like a beer shop -- one with a pretty terrific selection -- that you can actually drink in. This is a concept that was totally foreign to me before moving to Charlotte, but man do I love it. The owner Jason is about as friendly and affable a guy as you could ask for. Always willing to do what he can to get you what you're looking for in the unlikely event that it's not already on the shelf. We've only hung out for a drink at Salud once, but we've carried out a ton in the five months or so since we moved to the area. This is hands down the place I prefer to spend my money if I'm looking for some good beer.
5	If I had to be stranded somewhere with a full wallet and a lot of time, this would be the place. If you can't find a beer perfectly crafted to your taste buds here- go back to Zima.
5	Best beer store in Charlotte! Always has some amazing beers on tap. Only place to get good sours.
5	Everything about this place is amazing. I love the location, the beer selection and the atmosphere. There are hard to find beers and draught beers. There is a little area to sit outside. Sometimes they have events w/ delicious food. The place has a lot going for it.My one complaint. I think, perhaps, they should consider a little bit of wine. I'm talking a tiny, itty bitty wine selection. The whole anti-gluten craze has taken over and a handful of my friends refuse to go because it is only beer. Sigh.
5	Man I'm glad to have found Salud when I moved to Charlotte.  Moving from Seattle, where beer is as common as the Douglas Firs, it was nice to see a place with the passion I have grown so accustomed to.  They have every beer imaginable especially to be such a small shop.  They also have a small tap list where you can fill a growler or sit down for a drink.  They carry lots of local brews including Fonta Flora (sometimes and only on tap) which is hard to find outside of the brewery.Drink beer?  Tired of buying it where you buy gas?  Come here.  They will not disappoint.
5	The best beer shop in Charlotte period! Always has knowledgeable employees willing to find you the perfect beer. Great selection on draft that is always rotating. Music is always on point and the store smells like fresh linen and lavender. Do yourself and your friends a favor and shop here.
4	Excellent beer selection with a small bar in the back for you to sit back and enjoy draft beer. They have a couple of other tables in there as well. If you are looking for a certain beer this is a good place to look.
5	Broadest beer selection I have found in Charlotte.  Plenty of beer on tap (and in bottles) to try while you are shopping.  The folks who work here are knowledgeable AND nice.  Awesome.
5	Best bottle shop in Charlotte.  They run out of stuff fast sometimes so if you are waiting for something in particular don't sleep on it.  They have a dozen taps and most of the beers you won't find anywhere else city.  They should start serving food after the first of the year which will add another dimension to an already great place.
5	If you love craft beer and you haven't been here, it's time for you to check it out.  While it's not the largest shop in the city, it is (in my humble opinion) the best.  And I'll tell ya why.  You'll find all kinds of hard-to-find beers, including seasonal and limited release-type stuff.  You can also find a great variety of local Charlotte beers and NC beers that you cannot find many places outside of the breweries themselves.  There is a bar inside that has a really good draft selection so you can chill and have a beer as you browse.  And perhaps my favorite random thing is that there is a Nintendo set up in the corner so you can play Mario whilest enjoying said beer.  The owner is really friendly and knowledgeable as well, which makes the whole experience even better.While there is currently no food here, the all new "Fud at Salud" is opening up really soon and will feature some unique sandwiches and other items to help soak up the booze!  From the looks of the work that is going on, it appears that it's close to being ready.  One other thing to note, there is no "parking lot" at Salud.  You have to park on the street either right in front of the place which is hit or miss, or you can head up North Davidson just past the railroad tracks to park on the street there.  That, or you can find another spot around the neighborhood.  It's definitely worth the potential parking hassle!
