3	This store is in the new Shoppes at the Palazzo area connected to the Venetian.  I'd never heard of this store before, but apparently they have others locations on the eastcoast like NY and Philadelphia and of course, Italy.  Since my bf is now in this sort-of-metro-sexual phase where he loves getting all gussied up in designer duds, we decided to stop by here for some ties. (He's gonna kill me for this one! LOL)  Anyway, they've got a great selection of silk designer ties, handkerchiefs, bow ties, suspenders, dress shirts, etc.  The ties were priced between $49-$69 each and the bowties were around $29 each.  Not too bad!  As I said earlier, we were there for ties, so I'm not sure about the pricing of the other items.  They had a vast array of ties in all sorts of colors/patterns and literally for every type of occassion.We really liked the store a lot, but I'm going to have to minus 2 stars for the lack of customer service given by their sales associate.  From the moment we walked into the door, he was talking on the phone loudly and very animated.  We browsed around a decided on 1 tie and 1 bowtie.  He remained on the phone as we walked up to the counter to pay.  Finally he got off when he took our money.  What kind of sh*t is that!?Really, if my bf didn't like his ties so much, we would have left the store pronto.  I, too, love their merchandise, but I don't think I'll come back here again.  I did, however, find out out that you can make purchases on their website, so at least that's an option.
4	I had been having a hard time shopping for a tie for the groomsmen in my wedding. I didn't like any of my rental options and I have an odd color of Burnt Sienna that was making shopping hard. On a visit to Vegas we were just walking by and there was this store with a complete rainbow of ties. So many color selections. I found 3 ties that could work and took them home to figure out which one I wanted. I recently called back to order more of the one I love. And prices were reasonable.The service was good, though maybe a little pushy at times, but they have made my life in the long run SO much easier! If you are looking for a very specific color and are in the Vegas area, I highly recommend visiting this store!
4	I'm not much of a "trendy" tie person, but I stopped in here last year for a tie and have since gotten many compliments on it.  I came back today for a second look and found another very nice tie.  The prices can range from expensive to VERY expensive, so be warned you are not going to find any discount ties here.  The selection is extraordinary.  I think anyone would be hard pressed to leave without finding something they like.
4	BF and I were passing by and wanted to just to "ooo" and "aaahh" at some ties in the window like usual, but one on display caught our eye that we had to go in. It was the only one in the store so the lady had to get it out of display. She displayed it on different colored shirts which was very helpful in seeing what kinds of hues and patterns it can be paired with. Their ties seem to be all $49, which is a reasonable price for the quality and style (I put a picture up of our pick). We were at Barneys and though you can tell the material was a lot finer on a paisley tie we liked there, it was $175 which is still too steep to pay if he isn't in a position where he wears suits daily.  Yeah the BF impulse bought a tie. In all of the time we've been together, I've never seen him with a tie so now that he has a sexy accessory, it's time to do so. We always had a thing for ties. He never has a reason to wear one though nor owned a tie he liked so the longing hasn't really been fulfilled. I just look like a lesbian with a tie on or a server at Olive Garden so I live vicariously through him. I think if you're needing a tie/ascot/bowtie specially if you need a difficult color (they have a wide variety of hues) or want a stylish pattern definitely stop in.
5	Firstly, I want to let it be known- I am a gentleman. However, after one trip through their doors, you wouldn't be able to tell one way or the next! I've been a customer of Andrew's Ties for some years now. I'd have to say closer to five years. Their impeccable staff is always very cordial and quick to assist you- but not in a pushy, "buy something" type of way. They always seem to have their finger on the pulse as to what it means to be tasteful, traditional, and in season. This is very crucial for a consumer who desires bespoke or "made-to-measure" items. Go check them out in Palazzo, near Barney's New York.
4	Ok, I work in a office where I have to wear a suit and ties everyday, to some that's a bore, to others its an art..... I am somewhere in between, haha, I can't say that its an art to me just yet, I may have to climb a couple more rungs on the ladder, but I see what all the fuss is about, and this store epitomizes the ART of wearing a suit and tie.  The store is small and they use the space very well with ties in all colors along the wall separated by shade, they also have shirts, belts, shoes and just about everything you would need if your going to wear a suit.  There is usually a super helpful person in the store ready to help you with any questions that you have.  The ties, shirts and shoes that they have are exquisite, and made in either Italy (most ties and shirts)  or Spain (most shoes).  Now I wouldn't say they are super expensive (average $50 for a tie, $100 for a shirt and $250 for shoes) but I think you get what you pay for here, a well made tie, shirt or shoes, and the confidence to know that dressing up in a suit can be more than just a bore.
