2	Nothing against this applebees particularly. The company as a whole has gone to hell. They've gotten rid of all their good beers, appetizers and entres. The boneless wings kept going up in price, the beer went up with less selection, thai chicken pizza GONE, jalapeno poppers GONE, onion peels GONE. It's like the people running the company are completely backwards. As a result I have not been back in over a year. Other places have more beer, better prices, and better food. No reason to go back to applebees.
1	I love Applebees.  Not this one.  Every time I'm hear something gets screwed up.  I'm not kidding.  It's only this Applebees.  On the flip side, the servers are nice and I've gotten to try a lot of renditions of a bbq cheeseburger because it's always differently wrong when I go in.  The restaurant has a nice layout and usually has whatever game on tv that should be on but the service is S-L-O-W and I think they may be doing it so we get so hungry while we nibble on our arms we order more food when they do come around.  Like I said above, I'm a huge Applebee's fan.  Just not this one.
3	I'm not sure how I like the new remodeling. It's bland and not original. But the staff is friendly and their sangrias are good.
3	I only come for the Happy Hour. So I'll say that the price is great for apps and beers
1	I went here specifically for their lunch specials awhile back and we sat down 30 minutes before their lunch period was over and ordered my usual soup and salad combo.  The food was fine and I tried to order a second round and the server tells me that she can't let me order it because the lunch period had passed.  Um, what?  If I had known that my order wouldn't be honored after 3pm when I first sat down, i wouldn't had gone. The server absolutely knew why I even came in in the first place and didn't bother telling me.   I was still hungry at that point but I refused to order any more food from them.  I was so disappointed with the experience that I wrote to corporate to explain what had happened.   To this day, I haven't heard from them.  I thought being served raw chicken from an earlier visit would teach me not to come back but I guess I was too forgiving.  I knew that this was a big chain restaurant and it was gonna suck so I have no one to blame but myself.   I haven't returned since and will never be back.
4	Awesome place. Went in during happy hour. 1/2 price appetizers. Ordered boneless and bone-in wings, mozzarella sticks and onion rings. $3 beers all day everyday. Can't complain.  Great service and delicious food. Recommend to anyone.
5	It was nice here.  Love it hanging out with family. the servers were awesome and the food was excellent. not to mention the 3 dollars beers all day everyday. would definitely recommend this place to everyone and will come again
1	Would love to leave negative stars.Wasn't my choice to come here, but after a day spent to my bridal shower my family and I just wanted to get a quick bite to eat without doing dishes. We headed down Bell road at 7 on a Saturday night and Applebees was the only place without a wait...should've been a red flag.  I try to not come to places like this for anything but happy hour because they are well... crappy... but my diabetic mother had already waited long enough and we just needed to get her food.We waited at the host stand for about 5 minutes... should've just left.  A manager finally came to seat us, no apologies, no personality, just a patronizing shell of a person.  Was more interested in making sure he got his canned sales pitch out and to make very, very clear that we understood happy hour was not going on right now... oy!Another five minutes go by and we finally get one asswipe of a server.  I could go on and on about his attitude and lack of service, but frankly the more I write the more I realize that we should've never come to this hell hole to begin with and it is our fault for wasting our money here.  Long story short, server was rude and pushy while he was there, then put in our food order and disappeared.  He was spending more time sitting with the table next to us on his phone.  Our food came out after tables that ordered after us. Our food was nasty and cold.  The manager didn't care about either, but told us not to tip the server if we weren't happy.While I am usually one to give at least 10% for the worst service ever (heck, just "average" service gets you 20% from me), this guy was quite possibly the worst of the worst...and besides his manager endorsed not tipping the idiot, so we just left the change on this one and he came BURSTING OUT THE BACK DOOR AND CHASING US THROUGH THE PARKING LOT!Oh and there was the same creeper smoking next to the entrance when we walked in and when we left.... a mere 10 feet from the door.  sigh.$40 worth of frozen, improperly described (calling a button mushroom dish a portabello mushroom dish) nasty food, came out wrong and old tasting. Patronizing manager.  Jerky disappearing server who harassed us through the parking lot.Yeah, our bad...shouldn't of even walked through the door.
1	So we went to this Applebee's for the first time in a long time. The waiter was great. That's the only good thing. The food was ok. We saw 2 infants in the bar area and 4 toddlers at 10:30 pm. Maybe some people are ok with this but can't believe they allow kids in the bar area. Then there was the Karaoke...........at Applebee's?  The only ones singing were the Karaoke guy and the employees. Our waiter even said he didn't like it! Just when I thought the Karaoke was the worst part of our evening. Oh no, we go out to our car and their was a piece of crap Mustang parked next to us and two people were in it having sex in it! Yes, I said sex! Needless to say we will not be going back to Applebee's period.
1	Applebees is a restaurant that serves American style food, such as burgers and salads and soups.  The food is mediocre and not the highest quality that I have ever had.  I went out to dinner with two friends before a movie we were going to see.  We had arrived an hour and a half earlier then the movie would start ensuring we would have enough time to eat and make it to the movie on time.  We were seated in a decent amount of time.  The server took about 20 minutes to come over to take our drink orders.  Once we had ordered, she came back 30 minutes later with our drinks.  At this point we were a little frustrated with the service.  We asked if we could order right away because we had a movie to get to and she was aware of this.  She took our order and said it would be out shortly.  We waited for 40 minutes before we started to get impatient.  After about 55 minutes we grabbed another waitress, since ours was no where to be found and asked her what was taking so long.  She said she would go check on our food for us and came back to inform us that our order had not even been placed.  We were furious.  I immediately went and complained to the manager about how horrible the service we had received was and how our waitress had taken over an hour and had not even placed our order.  The manager apologized profusely and said that she would get our meals out right away and that they would be on the house.  We were so angry and disappointed in the service and once our food was finally brought out we were continually disappointed by the low quality of the food.  Once we had finally left the movie had already started and we were forced to wait until the next showing of the movie.  Ever since that experience at Applebees,  I have not been back to the establishment and will never recommend it to anyone.
1	Okay food and terrible service.  Usually we go the Applebee's off of Grand Avenue and we have always had great food and pretty good service.  We did not have a good experience at the Bell Road location today.  We arrived at around 1pm and there were already 2 couples waiting ahead of us to be seated and the hostess was nowhere around.  When she did finally show up she looked to the 4th set of people that were walking in the door behind us and asked them if they would like to be seated.  What the heck?  There was a line of people clearly there before them and she just seated them first.  Then she came back and asked the 2nd couple in line to follow her back to be seated.  After another few minutes another girl came in and seated the first couple that was waiting and then came back for us.  Once we finally got to our table and our waitress came the service was fine.  However, when we were leaving the couple at the table next to us was complaining to the manager that they had been waiting over an hour for their food.  The manager replied that it "happens sometimes" when they are busy.  I didn't hear him offer any apology or an offer to see what happened with their food or compensate them in any way, just an excuse for slow service and he walked away.  Obviously the lack of customer service at this location comes froom the top down.
3	This Applebee's have been coming to for a long time they took down all the musculature old photos and we painted the walls and put in more traditional decorations and redid that entire bar so it's all nice and neat, They have some new items on the The menu the even have a lot weight watchers menu which is pretty yummy, I ordered that Napa chicken mushrooms I didn't find any mushrooms but three of them in the photo shows lots of mushrooms so I'm not given any more stars than three the manager did come over and asked my input I told him that the stuff on the menu should look exactly looks like it when it comes to the table I was or better, when I got my mail to the table is no longer look appetizing, The chicken was very juicy and delicious the vegetables I say Wilcor time and try and plan other than that I will probably continue going there but they are other Applebee's in town I'll try those and see if it improves at a different location, Or if  remains the same.
5	If you go here ask to sit in Dan's section. He was awesome. Explained they menu had great suggestions and was very friendly. My husband and daughter loved him as well. I am very picky since I'm in the industry so to finally have great service was wonderful.
1	Ill start off by saying the staff was pretty nice but that's about all they had going for them. The food here is terrible! The steak was like eating rubber and the fries were extremely hard. It is like this literally every time i have gone in to Applebee's. I asked for a refill on my water and they i waited about 5-10 minutes before having to ask again. On top of the horrible food, i had a gift card that i tried to use, but they gave it back to me and said there was a zero balance on it. This was news to me since, the last time i used it there, they gave it back to me and didnt bother to tell me it was all used up! the only reason i even went to this restaurant was because i had the gift card. i never would have wasted my money on that terrible food.
5	Yesterday a friend suggested Applebee's for lunch.  Two in our group ordered   sandwiches and soup.   I ordered  chicken/cheese penne pasta and shrimp spinach salad - both delicious - both tasted fresh.   We three enjoyed ...  Great food!  Great service!   Others also must feel the same; the place was packed with customers.
1	If I could give negative stars I would..I usually don't leave a review but the food taste worst than a damn box.  If you want to drink great..eating is a whole nother story. .tuck!!!
1	Food look like it was jst tossed on plate and plate looked like a kids meal.not to mention i waited an hour for an appetizer tht ddnt even come with plates.horrible service
1	Well the wife and I tried an Applebee's in another part of town and there was a very long so we decided to try a different one. So we came to this one and to our surprise there was no wait and open tables even though it was in a much busier part of town. So we were seated pretty quickly bit from then on it went down hill. To sum it up the food was awful and I even had it replaced and it was still awful after that. It only went from old food to overly salted food. And the service was very poor at best as well. We just sat around for 30 minutes waiting for silverware and we even asked 3 times for it. So even with all of these problems you would think that at least your beer would be fine. But guess what it wasn't. I love getting draft beer from the bottom of the keg. It's great when it's completely flat. So please folks and take this review seriously and avoid this place completely. I now know why this place had a ton of tables open with no wait. Just head over to the Applebee's on northern if your feeling like Applebee's.
1	Here right now & I'm so irritated I'm about to just leave without paying. First off, walk in... Wait about 10 minutes to be seated. I assume the manager came to seat us, he seats us & the silverware is all jacked up. The napkin looked used & all ripped up & the guy clearly noticed it, apologized & was gonna bring us a new set. Soo we're waiting.. Waitress comes... I order Oreo cookie milkshake. She comes back & gives me this long story about how they ran out, etc... 10 minutes later comes back & apologized.. Apparently the barista played a joke on her & they actually weren't out of ice cream. Whatever ok, annoying. Meanwhile, still no utensils. So I asked waitress for utensils, she sarcastically replies "okay I'll get them even though  your foods not here, cause I'm sure you'll need them beforehand". Really irritated now. Get my food... Fries tasted like they'd been sitting, tasted old & not even remotely fresh or warm. To top it off, waited 15min for the bill. Don't come here.
5	Amazing service. A big thank you to Kenny our waiter. He was on top of our orders and our drinks. Next time I am in Surprise Arizona I will definitely stop by again.
3	Took my son to lunch here last weekend.  The food was really good but we waited a long time to have our order taken.  People who were seated after us has their orders taken first.  It was about 3:00pm on a Saturday so it wasn't even that busy.Not my best lunch expeience.  I even had to ask for my check!!
1	Three strikes you're out! This place has been awful every time we have come here over the past year. I've tried time and time again to give it another chance, but, it always ends up being a horrible experience. It seems to never be the food (though its not great) but the service.Let's take a look at why I am done with this place.The first bad experience I had here was earlier this year. My friends and I all came for dinner. My boyfriend was with me, and ordered a kiwi lemonade. The waitress didn't bother to write anything down and came back with a kiwi slush. He told her he did not order that, and we all backed him up. She got snooty and told him to just keep it and then brought the kiwi lemonade. Here is the kicker. We get the bill and she charged him for BOTH. She charged him for her mistake! We argued with her and she begrudgingly took it off his bill.Second bad experience was us just wanting a blondie. We get there and the waitress comes and get's our drink orders, brings are drinks, and then is sucked into the 5th dimension because we never see her again. Our drinks were never refilled and we waited OVER AN HOUR for sub par food. I know what you are thinking, maybe it was busy, yes it was, but even a busy restaurant never takes that long for food. We got no apology, no compensation at all. The waitress was exceptionally attentive to the table behind us, too bad we were invisible to her.Last bad experience was last night. We were going to see an 11 o'clock movie that was playing right across the street. It was a little after 10 and we decided to try this place one more time to get some appetizers. We get our drink orders in at 10:15, and  their must be some kind of worm hole in this Applebee's because the waiter disappeared too! It's nearly 11, still no food, place is dead, and we need to go. My friend tracks down our waiter and he says food is done, wait another 10 minutes, still no food. Decide to leave. I will add we didn't see our waiter until my friend tracked him down.  Thankfully waiter only charged us for drinks. If anyone working for this Applebees reads this, fix your service! No one cares how good your food is if we never get to eat it!
2	Tried this place out of desperation and not wanting to stop at one of the many fast food places nearby. Maybe I would have been better off at one of them. The service was ok, waitress was friendly. Very dark lighting and the food was below average. Maybe it's just me but it seems that the food in all these restaurant chains has taken a turn for the worse. We ordered off the 2 for 20 section and got the wings as an appetizer, which were not wings at all. More like chunks of chicken. Got an order of the chicken strips with fries for the kids, again not very chicken like. And an order of the 3 cheese penne with chicken. Well by now I think you can guess that the chicken sucked here. None of the food was hot, just sort of warm. The food all tasted pretty crappy and very processed. I guess that's what I get for going to a chain like this. Never again.
1	We waited for over 15 minutes for drinks. My bf got his drink but I was finally told they couldn't make mine. If one of your signature drinks is a mudslide, how do you not have any kaluha? The waitress tried to fix the problem by offering to make it with Bailey's and I told her this would be fine. The bartender didn't even get around to making mine! The waitress ended up having to do it. The waitress was fine and nothing was her fault. But the food wasn't good. Small proportions. Just not a good night. Won't go back to the arrowhead location.
1	The ONLY reason I came here is because I had a gift card. I haven't eaten here since about '08, and now I remember why. Haha. 1. Our waitress was pretty bad. Didn't know the menu or if the pathetic excuse for a kitchen had common seasonings and spices, such as cayenne pepper. According to her, no they did not. 2. She also was very slow, and there was enough staff to accommodate the few guests that they had. Pretty poor service given the customer to waiter ratio. I've waited tables before, and this was terrible, there was only three of us, and all of our drinks had run out. When she finally noticed, it took 15 minutes to bring refills. 3. Our ticket time was a good 25 minutes. We ordered chicken tenders w/ onion rings, penne pasta with chicken, fiesta chicken w/ rice and artichoke spinach dip appetizer. My pasta was dry and hardly had any sauce. The chicken was okay, but my brother said the onion rings were gross. 4. Lastly, I informed the manager about the experience and he didn't seem to receive it well. I definitely wasn't looking for any discounts or coupons for the next visit (there won't be one!). I hope they take the money from my tab and invest in improving the restaurant, menu, and training the staff. He kind of just brushed me off and didn't try to make it right. I didn't really expect much anyway, but thought they could use the feedback.
