5	Convenient way to get my registration. Very friendly and helpful staff.
5	Why would anyone ever go to the DMV when they could go here? Quick, easy, and very knowledgeable staff. I love this place!
5	Friendly service, and super-fast to get in and out.  Didn't have to wait, and I was out the door with the new title and registration in under ten minutes.  Didn't even pay attention to what their service fee was since the whole thing was pretty cheap (older vehicle).I think you'd be crazy to stand in MVD's lines and put up with their bad attitude.
5	These guys have helped me out a few times now and once even got my title done when another place would not do it for my company title registration.  These guys are always helpful and get to you quickly even when there are people ahead of you which does not happen much anyway.  They are facing Deer Valley just west of 7th Avenue and next to my favorite gun shop DM Firearms ha ha.  Come check them out the next time you need tags, title or registration work done and stay away from the DMV
5	My husband is a disabled vet and they took great care of us for new plates for our car. Virtually no wait, and he even put our new plate on for us in 105 humid heat...What great customer service!!!! Will be back for sure!!!!
5	Stopped in there last week and these guys rock. They are crazy fast and a great value. Don't waste time waiting in line at the MVD - head on down to DCR and get it taken care of quickly (and with a smile).
5	In late August, I used the power of Yelp to find DCR Titles as I had a plan to move my Grandmother's car from Arizona to California. Gram's car had been sitting in her carport for basically a year and I was going to be back in Phoenix for a wedding in September and planned on driving the car home afterwards.Originally, I thought I was going to have to deal with MVD to do a title transfer, but after a quick phone call to these great folks, they explained to me the best options and with what I was doing, why the title transfer made no sense in AZ. I arrived here with all the paperwork in hand, my handy Yelp check-in bonus and with a big laugh as the dude in front of me tried to convince this reputable business that even thought his "wife" wasn't there to sign the paperwork, they could call or even Skype with her for her approval...It was a hot as hell day and one of the guys here (sorry about the lack on name recall), came out and took of the handicap plates (put them in the back seat) and affixed the temporary "good to drive legally" paperwork to the back window. When I say it was a hot as hell day I mean it was a Labor Day weekend hot as fuck and reminded me of one of the many reasons of why I don't live in AZ anymore. I ended up driving the car up here mid September and put 800 miles on the 2004 Corolla that still has under 21K miles on it. This is a great service but don't kid yourselves that they will do anything shady.
