4	Finally, a decent Indian restaurant in Phoenix...and I have tried a lot of them!We went to Tandoori Times 2 from a recommendation of a guy I work with who is Pakistani and is married to an Indian woman (yeah, I know, their parents were probably ecstatic when they brought each other home)...So we figured, if he is recommending it, why not?!We were pleasantly surprised. We had some Samosas, Chicken Tikka, Palak Peneer and vegetable biryani. All came out piping hot and quite tasty.The Chicken Tikka was tender and not at all dried out. The Palak Peneer was excellent - a little sweeter than I am accustomed to, but still very nice. My son, who is three, couldn't get enough of the biryani - he kept shovelling it in. And the samosas choolay (sp?) were very good! The sauce they brought them out in was just spicy enough to enjoy without overrwhelming the food.So 3 stars for the food, and 1 star for the service. Our server, Omar, is an ASU student and he was great. He said he is studying elementary education so he was really good with our son.We will definitely be eating here again! BTW, while the restaurant is good for kids, unless your child is able to eat spicy food - I don't recommend it. In our case, my son seems to be able to eat all the spicy foods his mom so loves...
4	Disappointed the first time, but with our faith in Mr K's taste, we tried it again and was pleasantly surprised.First time we went for lunch and had mainly chaats (Indian snacks) $4.99-$5.99, which are only served Sat & Sun 12pm-5pm.  Our obsession with chaats started at the famous Vik's Chaat Corner in Berkeley, when we used to live in the area.  Unfortunately, the chaats here were lacking in flavor, which is a big problem given Indian food, especially chaats, is all about the spices.  For the Phoenix area, we prefer Little India Chaat in Tempe - it lacks decor and service but is made up by cheap prices and tasty food.Given our obsession with good naan and our faith in Mr K's taste, we decided to give it another shot.  We went for dinner on a Sunday and ordered:Saag Ghosht (lamb cubes with spinach in a light cream sauce) $12- highly recommended by Howard Seftel as "helpfully" quoted on the side of the menu- we, on the other hand, found the lamb cubes themselves to be dry and bland despite being in a tasty sauceFish Goa Curry (fish filets in coconut curry sauce) $14- Sunday's daily special so came with rice, one naan and salad- this fish was the BOMB: perfectly balanced subtle spices that complimented the tender flaky fish instead of overwhelming it- the naan is as good as Mr K claimsGreat modern decor and good service.  We are definitely going back on a Sunday night for the Fish Goa.  Thanks for another good recommendation Mr K!
4	Well, it took us 4 trips until we finally found this place open (they're closed on Mondays, and between 2-5pm), but fourth time's the charm, I guess! I had to dock a star for their lack of samosas and the usual sweet brown sauce I've had at every Indian restaurant I've been to.I ordered the Aloo Tikki (chickpeas, onions, and potato patties), asking them to leave off the tamarind chutney and replace it with raita(yogurt with mint and cucumber)...it was very flavorful and moist, though a bit spicy(my fault for failing to ask for mild).I also had the Vegetable Korma--incredible!!!...It was a thick stew of squash, potatoes, peas, corn, and carrots, and it almost tasted pumpkin-y...so savory! The best part was the corn kernels--they were slightly crunchy and added an amazing dimension of texture.Jamie's meal was the Lamb Masala. We'd been meaning to try lamb again, as the first time we had it(elsewhere), it was chewy and just, not very appetizing. Well--our minds were changed!...this lamb was tender and succulent, and the Masala sauce? incredible!--full of complex flavors and spices...it was amazing!We also got 2 breads--the Onion Naan (so soft, almost moist in a good way, and FULL of onions), and the Chicken Naan(full of tandoori-cooked chicken, and infused with a smoky, almost barbecue, flavor---wow)...so. some of the most well-spiced, tastiest Indian food I've had, as well as very friendly and helpful service= 4 stars :)
5	So, I am sorta new to Indian food.  I was introduced to it last year by my Indian coworkers and I am hooked.  This place is by far my favorite.  I liked it from my first visit, the waiter was helpful, knowledgeable and put up with my indecisiveness.  I have liked everything that I've tried here and I've tried a lot. I usually go with my Indian friends and therefore get to try new things that I might not have ordered for myself.  My personal favorites are the Chicken Korma, Chicken Tikka Masala, and some sort of shrimp dish that I don't remember the name of at the moment.  They usually have a belly dancer on the weekend which is always fun to watch.
4	The bad. No samosas during the week, why? The lamb chops, which our server recommended, were crap. The tiny quarter sized piece of meat was oh-so-good but they were full of fat and bones, so it was about $12  for 5 bites of lamb and a plate of bones. The good. Nicely styled restaurant, bright colors and modern open layout. The appetizer we ordered was a veggie patty on a bed of spicy chickpeas. The lamb vindaloos was one of the best I've had. The garlic naan was perfect.  Complementary chai is available, I thought is was a bit week but good none the less.PS: No belly dancers here on a Wed evening. Maybe they have them here on the weekends like they do in Scottsdale.
4	Not a bad place at all. It's also reasonably new. Up until a couple of months ago my office was a quarter mile from this place. I'd passed the sign a couple of times and gave it a shot one evening. Prior to trying TT2, I'd been a regular at Maharaja's Palace (pretty much on the diagonally opposite [SW] corner of 57th Ave), and if you like you can read my review of the latter to see why I won't eat there anymore.I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food at TT2. It's a little more expensive but the food appears to be of higher quality. Basically the naan is the freshest/tastiest I've had in the US. Unfortunately they're light on beef dishes (probably because the moo cow is held in higher regard than people are back in India?) and I missed things like beef saag and vindaloo, but everything else is real good. They have "chaat" on the weekends - kinda like the Indian equivalent of Spanish tapas? - but there are several items on this particular menu that aren't available during the week and that's a bit strange.Lunch specials are pretty good. There's a different main dish each day and they serve quite an acceptable portion of rice, that dish, salad and raita. Unfortunately most of the guys in my office are Phoenix-born and for some reason they consider Indian food to be anathema (I've literally gotten laughed at when I proposed this place once as a lunch destination) and thus I typically don't have too many lunch partners when I've eaten here. Then again these are the same guys who'll eat the most wretched Mexican slop I've ever gagged on in my life.. day after day, over and over and over.. but I digress..One black mark against this place, they aren't open on Mondays. It's Monday today and I'd kill for some Indian for dinner so that totally sucks. Anywhere that isn't open 7 days a week really needs to reevaluate. Fortunately I can cook the stuff at home - that's when I have three hours to spare..Summary: It's far from the best Indian restaurant that I've eaten at, but it's the best in Phoenix that I've found (admittedly, I haven't tried anything on the east side YET.. *8-)
4	When we are in the mood for some North Indian style MEAT we head to Tandoori Times.I've eaten at both Tandoori Times locations and both are delicious. My only complaints are that some of the dishes are a little heavy on the oil but that can be typical for some Indian places - especially those that are more Pakistani in nature and they do not offer much of a vegetarian selection.We taken family and friends to this restaurant, some of which have never had Indian food, with great success. The food is generic enough for the American palette but still delicious for those of us that huff spices in our spare time.I've yet to try their Chaat on the weekends but I'm dying to do so!
4	More like 3.5 stars this is their 2nd location with the 1st in old town scottsdale.  There isn't much to the decor but it's pretty clean and the food is consistent.  While they need more hired and seasoned help the staff is friendly and do what they can.  But the real reason to go there - the naan.  Hmmm....hmmmm... good.  Pillowy soft and freshly made in their tandoor oven.
3	Time for an update, and I'm taking away a star for one reason. The food has remained delicious and the lunch specials are priced right (the lamb vindaloo I had there on 4th July was awesome), but there's something that pissed me right off when I ordered takeout recently. Portion size. It's $9-$11 dollars for an 8-oz container of food, depending on what you get. Get three different containers along with rice and a naan and you're almost at $40. That's WAY too expensive, no matter how tasty the food is. I know how to make this stuff (technically, although I have problems achieving the flavour) and I know what the ingredients cost. They're making money hand-over-dot at this place and the final issue I have is that my 8-oz container of chicken makhani was less than half chicken and the rest sauce. See my Tandoori Village review for more information on this. They need to knock their prices WAY down. I want a take-out meal for two and I want it to be under thirty bucks. When I can get three pounds of Chinese food for under $20 (see my review of Chen & Wok in Surprise), paying double that for less food doesn't strike me as a particularly good deal. Don't anyone make the mistake that this place is haute cuisine either. It ain't Gaylords. Not by a long shot. And Gaylords is pretty far from haute cuisine itself.
3	My vote for favorite Indian food goes to Tandori Times 2.  The food is great, the restaurant has a very cool atmosphere, the wait staff is extremely friendly, and they offer great daily specials.  This locations is definitely less crowded during dinner time but I'd eat at Tandori Times 2 any time!I am sad to say I have to change my original rating for Tandori Times 2.  Not once but twice while dining with friends my debit card was swiped for not only my bill but my friends bill as well.  The first time the problem was taken care of quickly.  The second time I got the run around before they took care of the problem.  I have been hesitant to go back to Tandori Times 2 since this happened and will never go back  without cash.
5	I was greatly impressed. My mom and I went here a little after they opened for dinner and it was absolutely wonderful. We both are "kind of" experienced with Indian food...but not really. So it was really great to have a server who was intelligent, patient, and genuinely nice. The restaurant was very open, colorful, and comfortable. The food was delicious. My mom had plenty of meat-eating options and I had plenty of vegetarian options. Hint: skip the salads and appetizers to have room for dessert. The rice pudding is cool and refreshing and not like any other rice pudding I've ever had. Expect to pay about 10 bucks for whatever main dish you order and everything else is awesomely inexpensive...like 2 bucks or so for sides and desserts.I absolutely loved this place. It is good food for the die-hards and good service for the new, shy foodies who are just getting into Indian cuisine.
4	We have never tried Indian food before, when we went we had a waiter that explained everything to us.The food was great! I forgot alot of the names of the dishes we had..but I do love the garlic naan they serve. Also I have been back for lunch takeout and  order the tandoori chicken wrap. It was delicious! I also love their chai tea.
4	Wandered in here for lunch with my wife. I had the lamb vindaloo and she had the vegetable korma. It was the best vindaloo I've had in years and teh service was pretty damn good too.
5	Oh my god. Was this a win or what? I enjoy spice and Indian food a lot, but I'm always nervous about cleanliness and getting an explosive asshole later in the evening. However, my experience at Tandoori Times 2 left me with no worries, a belly full of Lamb Boti Masala and Flying Horse beer. As soon as we walked in I was addicted to the smell, curry permeated my clothes as I began to salivate. The waitress was knowledgeable about the dishes and helped in my selection process. The side of rice for $2.50 was HUGE. It disappointed me that they didn't serve the rice with the dish, but it was worth the $2.50 We had a free cup of chai tea to top of our meal! I will definitely be coming back. I'm addicted.
4	I work very close to this restaurant. I have eaten here many, many times. The service is not always the best but the food has always been excellent. In my opinion the food is MUCH better than the Maharaja Palace. I can honestly say that I have never had a bad meal here. I also work with many people from India and they all love the place. To me that is a good sign. The only down side I have ever seen here is the service. Like one of the reviewers said before, I have had issues with being charged wrong, etc. I would recommend it for anyone that loves Indian food like I do.
2	Good atmosphere, average food, but a lot to worry about as far as menu & other policies is concerned.  Food is consistent, bread is above average, and prices are within normal range for Phoenix.Why are the traditional appetizers available ONLY on Saturday and Sunday, and ONLY between 12:00 and 6:00?  Vegetable Pakorka, Samosa, Chole Poori, and more... only available on 2 days a week.  Why?  This is crazy.  Closed Mondays.Common to be closed entirely for private parties, or they switch to take-out only because of private parties.Aloo Mattar is a lunch special.  Another dish (eggplant) is a lunch special.  Neither one is on the regular menu, and it is hit and miss with whether or not the evening chef can make them.There is little difference between medium, medium hot, and hot.  If you order extra hot (chef's hot) there's a huge jump.  They just can't get it right.
1	10 minutes... nobody acknowledges I'm here.  It's 1:45 and the restaurant isn't that busy, 2 servers, both of which pass me several times, and no greeting... no menu... no water... just flat out ignored.  Other patrons started to notice I was being ignored, even after hand gestures to get attention.When the server's casual conversation started with the adjacent table I had to get up and just leave.  Unbelievable.
4	This was my second visit, and to be honest, I'm not someone that eats Indian food very much, this time I went with a party of 8 many of them are from India.  This time around I opted for the SEEKH KABOB LAMB, which was mostly meat on a plate of onions and peppers.  I really wished that bread or Ngo would have come with it, but I resolved that pretty quick with another order.  My co-diners were very good, they helped explain other items on the menu to me and help me pick out future dishes.  Overall the food is very good and very ethnic.  The service struggled not only with our larger party but the lunch rush.  If you like Indian food or want to try it, I would suggest Andoori Times.
4	The tastiest Indian cuisine I've had in a very long time, and the waitstaff was friendly and attentive. The chef knows how to temper the spices to your liking. The lamb tikka masala is a must-have! I wish the rice and the naan bread came with the entrees, though; they have to be ordered separately.
4	This place is pretty damn good. Even though it was busy, we never had to ask for more to drink or pretty much anything. They got an extra star for the service. As for the food, it was pretty traditional. I didn't see anything on the menu that jumped out as a restaurant specialty. That's a shame because I'm always looking for new things to try. I ended up getting the Chicken Vindaloo. I would have preferred mine to be a bit more spicy but the waiter said that I can request extra spicy the next time.
2	I am a regular at this spot. Past two visits the food quality was poor. Yesterday their relish was stale. The quality and service has dropped significantly in past 6 months or so.
4	For the price, this is a great great indian place for lunch!For $8, you can get a great lunch special, 2 naan, rice, salad, & entree.  The curries are very well made and the naan is hot out the oven.  I love it here.
3	Yummy Indian food. Much better than nearby Taj Mahal. A little pricey but offers Indian food in a location where it is often hard to find! Love carrry-out. Really quick!
3	The food was good, don't get me wrong. But the after affect is what turn me down. Tandoori Times 2 used oils with trans-fat to cook their foods. I would like to support the local business, but trans-fat should be banned in Arizona.
5	This place has the best tandoori chicken that I have ever tasted. It is so flavorful... They also have tandoori spicy chicken wings that I recommend. I have never had problems with their service like some of the other reviewers. Some might think it is a bit pricey but my motto is that you can't put a price on good food.  I love their garlic naan. Their chicken saag is also very good. Everything I have ordered here  has either met or exceeded my expectation. The menu is ala cart so if you want rice then you need to order it on the side but they give you a lot.
4	Whether you have never tried Indian food or quite the connesuir this place will definitely be a delight for you.  Each time I have been here the food has been great and service has been on top of their game as well.  Prices are reasonable and can cater to large parties or even children.It's located in a newer looking strip mall on Bell Rd near Arrowhead.  The "chains" are all around but this place stands out from some of those other meager places.  The inside is clean and nicely decorated in Indian decor as expected.I will be back and think others should check the place out as well.
5	Note: I have only been here once as my fiance isn't a big fan of Indian food.. but I have been day dreaming about it ever since.My friend I grabbed lunch here on a Friday afternoon. Considering we went during what would normally be considered the "lunch rush", I was surprised that it wasn't more crowded. But, she had raved about their lunch specials so I was excited to try TT out. We were quickly greeted with ice water and offered fresh brewed chai. Our waiter was great. While he was new (he had just started a week before) but was friendly, knowledgeable and seemed super enthusiastic about the food.We decided to split an order of Samosas to start. Wow, best Samosas that I have had EVER. The outside was cooked perfectly, soft but crispy and warm. The filling of potatoes and peas was creamy and spiced perfectly. They were served with a garbanzo masala chutney that was out of this world. Seriously I could have eaten the chutney with a spoon.My friend had the lamb vindaloo which is the special on Friday, so she was served her main course, a salad, rice and naan. This is the dish she had raved to me about, and she seemed to be equally pleased with it the day we went. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and it didn't disappoint. The chicken was tender and the sauce was wonderfully creamy with just enough heat. I also ordered a side of chili naan... it was huge WAY too much for one person, but was so delicious I wanted to eat the whole order. I will be back... And, while I would like to say that I will try other dishes, it will be hard to pull myself away from the Samosas... and the Chicken Tikka Masala. Seriously. Check this place out.
4	Food is awesome.
4	So I have never eaten alot of Indian food, but friends of ours suggested dinner there so we went.  I am so glad I did! Talk about delish!  The Chicken Saag was one of the best things I have ever eaten.   Prices are reasonable, service is so-so and the food=yummo.We had chicken saag, chicken tikki masala, fish masala, garlic naan and rice.  The four of us left stuffed and happy.   It was so good, I went back the following week for lunch only to discover some terrific lunch specials.  8 bucks for more lunch then you can eat.  All I can say is "GO".
4	Only been here once but thought it was very good. Will return next time in the area and looking for Indian.
5	We had a party of 13 on a Friday night.  Happy Birthday, G!  Some of us has had Indian food and the other half was in for an adventure!  Got there in time for happy hour.  I ordered the spicy chicken wings mild.  My mouth was on FIRE!  Too spicy for me..  But they were good.  The garilc nan was so GOOOOOD.  I got the Chicken Tandoori wrap...  YUM!!!  They made it with less spicy for me (Yes, I am a whimp).  In the middle of dinner, the music got louder... We were not sure what is going on but then out of no where there was a belly dancer.  She is shaking and moving all over the resturant.  The kids loved it.  They went out to dance with the belly dancer.  So of our adults too!!  It was a fun filled events and the food was good.
5	My husband loves Indian food, so we stopped by for lunch since we were on Bell Road already. I had to order the Chicken Tandoori wrap again. It was good and the naan was just fluffy enough... My husband ordered the daily special (Beef Stew, Garlic Naan - extra $, and comes with rice). The daily special was AWESOME! We had great service and the waiter was good to look at too. Great food, good scenery, I am one happy woman!
3	Better than we expected.We stopped in fairly late on Tuesday night and it was still quite busy.  There were three of us and we ordered the lamb vindaloo, a lamb special, sag paneer and naan.   We requested them "chef spicy," which our charming waitress informed us was as hot as it gets.  We were delighted to discover that this was actually quite spicy.Both lamb dishes were excellent.  The naan was fresh and hot from the oven.  My only quibble was with the saag paneer which was heavy on the saag and light on the paneer, but still pretty good.It's a bit pricey for a neighborhood Indian joint - about $60 for the three of us with one beer, but it's also a bit nicer than the typical Indian restaurant.   Service was friendly and efficient.We'll be back.
4	What a great unexpected surprise of delicious Indian food in my hood! We didn't get to do too much research on Indian restaurants that night and since there are not many great Indian restaurants in Central and North Phoenix, I didn't feel compelled to put in the effort. Learned helplessness you can say. After driving around before our movie, we found this wonderful restaurant and will be coming back for more. Tandoori Times has great ambiance with fun Indian art on the wall. Our servers were very pleasant and you can tell they were happy working there. We tried the lamb briyani, saag paneer, and chili naan. Although they had some innovative and creative Indian dishes we decided to stick with more traditional dishes. The saag had a slightly more watery consistency than what I am used to but the taste was incredible. The lamb briyani was light and not so oily like other briyani dishes. My favorite was the chili naan, which was light, fluffy, and tasted awesome baked with chilies and cilantro. Their side "condiments" was unique, which included a mixture of pickled chopped ginger, lemon, garlic and other spices. We were so glad to have tried this restaurant and hope to be back to try their other dishes.
5	This is the best Indian food that I have ever had in Arizona... maybe even in the entire United States! The chicken tikka masala is to die for. I'm used to Indian food in London, and anyone who's eaten indian in london knows that indian out here doesn't even compare! But this place is absolutely amazing! My mother (who is indian and a snob when it comes to indian food) surprisingly loved this place! whenever i tell her i'm going to Tandori Times she is very very jealous. The staff is nice, service is good. Havent been there when the bellydancer is there, which would kind of irritate me. Only thing i didn't like was that one of the waitresses didn't speak english. Which was odd seeing as she was a server.  I was just asking for a take away box and it seemed too much for her to handle. Decent Prices, a bit pricey compared to thai or pizza or something, but its well worth it.Apart from the Chicken Tikka Masala (that i order everytime i go) the Eggplant dish is also very good, as well as the lentils and the Garlic Naan. This place is a must!
4	I have been in this neighborhood for a week from Calif, could'nt find a good independent place to eat untill i drove past this indian bistro. It is similar to chaat cafe in fremont ca. Very pleasant interior, food was great. Crew seemed very disorganized and inexperienced. Need basic customer service training. Customers were waiting for a long time before some one seated them,One almost spilled water on me.One hand did not know what the other was doing. I still will recommend this place. Just bear the inexperienced crew in the dining area, I will visit this place again
2	Due to the terrible service we experienced, I should give this place 1 star but the food was delicious so I'm giving it 2 stars.  Four of us went here on our lunch break.  Note to self and others, do not go to this place if you are pressed for time!!  Our waitress had no idea what she was doing and messed up 2 of the 4 orders at our table.  We were never offered anything to drink besides water and had to ask several time for plates once our food arrived.  And trying to separate our payment was simply too much for her to handle.  I will say my chicken tikka masala was absolutely delicious and is one of the best I have had in Arizona.  They do charge extra for rice, which I find odd.  The best part of ordering Indian food is pouring the sauce over rice.  The naan was excellent too!  The terrible service and extremely long wait time for our food as well as our check was unacceptable, so I don't see us going back.
5	I love this place. Best Indian food around here. And the most awesome free chai ever!My favorites here are the mango lassi, the garlic naan and the chicken makhani! And I pretty much order the same thing every single time! But at times when I'm feeling adventurous, I go for the Goan fish curry (probably the only time I'll touch fish in non-sushi form) or the chicken biryani!They have a big menu to choose from and the food is as authentic as it gets. They do tone the spice levels down quite a bit though - which might be a good or bad thing depending on how spicy you like your food to be :-)I love this place and take all my non-Indian friends here whenever they crave Indian food! I'd vouch for it's awesomeness any day!
3	It ok but not great and service is so so.
5	My fav is the Chicken Tikka Masala and their seasoned rice.Their Samosas Choley is good w/ the red sauce.I will work for this stuff. (frequneter)The gal that serves us water is super fast and efficient.My fav server is Suaznne (sp?). She's fast, outgoing, friendly, gets stuff done.chicken tikka masala 14.95seasoned rice 2.95 (?)samosas choley 6.95I blow my paycheque here cuz the stuff I order above is yumminess.I like the open atmosphere of this place.they got belly dancing performances (dancer walks around shaking it while you eat) Fridays 7:30 PM ish.Just remember they are closed Mondays,and have specific operating times for lunch (I think noon to 2:30?)
3	The staff are very friendly here,but the chicken tikka masala has gone downhill since I last posted my review.It got a lot more runny/ watery and lacks the flavor it used to have.Kind of disappointed bc it was my weekly fav dish.
5	This has to be one of the best indian restaurants I've been to internationally. They've nailed a lot of dishes down perfectly to that "Restaurant Style Indian Food for America" type of cuisine.I've been here 3 times now and the food has consistently been good, which is a good sign. And I'm referring to the location near 50th-something street and Bell (there is another one I've heard is NOT as good as this place with the same name). I've tried the tandoor chicken, lamb tikka masala, karahi chicken and chicken makhani. The naan is really good too. The free chai is the icing on the cake.Their meat is really always juicy and tender, barely EVER dry like it is at so many other indian restaurants. I'm very apprehensive about eating at 95% of indian restaurants anyway...as most re-use other people's food, over/undercook things, or grossly underflavor things.We've had the same waitress all 3 times...I'll agree, the service from her end could really use some major improvement. BUT, Indian restaurants in general are FAR from perfect, and some leeway is required.Would definitely eat here again, even if I were disappointed at least once.
3	agree the tikka masala has gone a little thin in the past few months . will only go here on a lunch hour so i can order the special and get a good value. last trip 4 people had lunch and a 2 had a glass of wine and it was $ 100 since everyone ordered ala carte too steep for the amount of food you get.
5	I dined here for the very first time last night, so I can not comment on the consistency of the food or service, just my one time experience.We were immediately greeted and seated when we arrived, and when the gentlemen found out that we had not been there before he told us all about the weekend experience with the belly dancing, and hookah. He also told us to make reservations for the weekends, cause they do get very busy.Our Waiter was very nice, and offered up some great suggestions for noobs like us (this was only my 2nd time eating Indian food). We ended up ordering the Chicken Tikki Masala, and the Coconut chicken w/ rice. The food arrived reasonably quickly, and neither dish was runny at all like other reviews point out. Everything was hot, and delicious, and there was enough left over for probably 1 meal. It did take awhile for our server to get our check to us, but he was very aware cause when he brought our check he also brought some complimentary ice cream as an apology and a thank you for our patience.Over all I had a great experience at this restaurant and wish it hadn't taken us so long to try. We will be back.
4	This is the first time I have eaten Indian food, so I would not be able to say if it is the best around. Here is what I do know, I had the lamb tikka marsala. It was very good and they brought the chutneys on the side so I could adjust the heat according to my own white boy whimpy palate.The service was good and I will be back to try other things to expand my culinary boundaries.
3	We are north Indians and know our North Indian Restaurant food well. We've been going here from a long time now, we love the food here. Earlier was a mix of dine in and take out as the belly dancer is annoying. It is for bachelor's to come drink, look enjoy but most families cannot tolerate it. Seriously she knows a Squat about the songs she is dancing on, and they all are kinda old bollywood songs they dont update themselves music wise. But I really appreciate her trying to make a good time for evreyone. we went once in an afternoon, and decided to order some snack items like chhole bhature, it was horrible as the oil was swimming on it and i could not eat it. I know it is a fried item but the cook should at least try to pat it dry.. but no, he wanted us to have the oil... anyways that is why we stick to our main course.Since we had our baby we only take out but not very often. But yes no doubt the food is good. we love paneer, malai kofta, chili paneer, paneer tandoori, which is actually called Paneer Tikka in india. The Dal Makhani is sort of a make or break for an Indian restaurant in India and every restaurant has a chef who only makes Dal makhani for them.. yes its that important. They cannot get it right, they put Chana Dal in Dal makhani.  REALLY !! When i make it at home i make it better than them. Yes I do.
4	Tasty food, decent prices and quick service. I especially like the Chilli naan and Malai Kofta here.
5	Summary:Without claiming to be the Arizona's foremost expert on Indian cuisine or, in fact, even knowing what the hell I'm talking about; this is my favorite Indian food restaurant. The rice is never sticky, the naan is always perfectly toasted and sacrilegiously tossing chicken tikka masala atop the two of 'em completes an excellent naan taco. This review is pretty much giving that combination of items along with the chicken tikka wrap 5 stars. I certainly can't vouch for the whole menu.Pricing:The $6.95(?) chicken tikka wrap on the lunch menu is delicious. Lunch service is prompt. Dinner prices and portions are average. Indian food seems to always be in the $$ range minimum.Concerns:If you're thinking about coming here on a Friday or Saturday, you may want to consider calling ahead to find out if you're going to be subjected to Shiva's meal tarnishing minions, the belly dancers, along with the accompanying 100dB Indian techno soundtrack. It only happened to me once and, thank Vishnu, I was signing the bill at the time.
5	Loved the food or maybe it was the 4 hours of non stop driving that precipitated this. In any case, service was attentive, although we went at nearly closing time. Food was hot and tasty. Not much to complain about, I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for good Indian food.
2	Awesome service, very nice waitress, and really comfortable and clean interior.But the food leaves a little something to be desired. It seemed like everyone at the restaurant enjoyed it, but I found the food to be quite plain and probably watered down for the locals. Very high prices for Indian food as well.Maybe it's just not my taste, but if you go home without any stomach pains, it probably wasn't real Indian food.
4	Not much I can say other than this place is good and tandoori village is awful. I had the Lamb curry, and my wife had the Chicken Tikka Masala. It was all wonderful, I wouldn't order the Paneer Pakora again but that's ok. It'll save us some money. Like I said, really really good.
1	The food is totally terrible. Me being from India, I expected a bit more from this restaurant, but looks like the chef just forgot how to put out a good dish. I ordered a Paneer saag which was bland, watery and lacked any flavor what so ever. The paneer was old and fragmented, distasteful and above all, it was STALE. I would never pay $11 for a dish and get stale food. The soda had no fizz and wasnt cold enough, The music was so loud that I had to shout if I had to talk to my wife sitting across the table from me. The ambience is poor and the lighting is so dull that it resembles more like a whore house rather than a restaurant. I am never going back to this restaurant or any of its other locations. The food is utter boring and would suit a palette which has no taste of spices. Disappointing.
4	Everytime I come here I remind myself to put it higher on my list... ya the decor is kinda kitchy...  the food is quite good... that is why you go to restaurant isn't it.. there is naan is spot on and the lamb dishes simply rock.. Puts the greek places to shame... I have my favorites but have never anything here that I would put in the bad column. Authentic works here.
4	This is one of the better places to go for Indian food. I have only had the lunch items at this place. I usually go with either the chicken or lamb lunch special. It's pretty clean and service was good for a busy lunch time. I hear they have a belly dancer on Friday evenings.
2	Work in the area, so I've stopped by with coworkers countless times.  The service has been bad 9 out of 10 times.  But the food is some of the best Indian food in town, lunch specials are really good and the happy hour is great, so until now I just put up with it......Until today, when I tried to call in an order and they hung up on me.  Three times.  Literally just clicked the button to end the call without even picking up, and left me in a confused silence - I had full bars.  I hope it was just a phone problem, but honestly, it didn't seem that way. Also, splitting a check here is an absolute nightmare.  They write all the checks by hand and refuse to get some form of electronic system.  I understand that splitting a check 10 ways is crazy, but there's only typically 3-4 of us.  Depending on who waits on you, they will throw a fit when you ask to split the bill.  The saving grace though, is there's one waiter who's always really good and will do it for us no problem.  Everytime we go, we pray that we get placed in his section...haha.Honestly I can't say I won't come back, because there isn't much else in the area and the food itself is really good.   But don't expect any form of hospitality, and don't bother during full-price hours.  The dinner prices aren't work this.  I'm not a fancy restaurant type of person, I don't require top-notch service.  But I'd at least like to not wait 40 minutes for food during my lunch hour, then another 40 for the waitress to bring the bill, and have her get angry at us for trying to pay the damn bill.
5	I absolutely love the food here, everything is cooked and seasoned to perfection. The service is sometimes a little slow, but I go for dinner and don't mind since the food is so delicious. The naan is so good, and the tandoori wraps are amazing.
4	In short : Very Very tasty Indian Non-Veg Food. Service is Ok. Pricing is a little to the higher side.Tandoori chicken is well cooked. Lamb Biryani is my Favorite. Chicken Biryani is excellent. (I'm a fan of Biryani(s) ). Yes, the Naan is good and chicken masala is the perfect side.Do not try out Veggie curries here. Mostly they are not well cooked or seasoned.Staff is Ok. Service is a little delayed, but understandable.I've been there only for Dinners and the Ambience looks intimate. Somedays they have a belly dancer (well she's good with Bollywood songs too )They seem to have some happy hours and lunch time discounts, but I've tried out only Dinners and the pricing is a little to the higher side.Bottom Line : Tasty Food, Need to carry a heavy Valet, Suitable if you are planning to impress someone.
4	I rate this place a 3.5. My wife and I eat here often because we love the food, particularly their lamb dishes. The lamb kebabs are terrific and the lamb tikka masala is one of the tastiest dishes I've had anywhere. They make great naan (the chile and potato varieties are the real standouts). The onion bhaji is also a must.A word of caution: Stay away Friday and Saturday nights if you don't like belly dancing. Having some proto-stripper clang loud-@$$ zills (finger symbols) in my ear while I try to eat does nothing for me...nothing good at least. Also, belly dancing is of Mid-Eastern origin so I have no idea why it would be featured at an Indian Restaurant. If I wanted to watch a stripper, I'd prefer to do so the old fashioned way. At a club of ill repute, in the dark, where the staff and I can both veil our combined sense humiliation and degradation. Also be on the lookout for the owner. Be prepared for endless conversation if he's there and drinking.I'll will be returning to Tandoori Times often, but I'll be hiding out, averting my eyes and leaving my handful of singles at home!
5	So delicious! The amazing spices are going to haunt my dreams!Unlimited chai, mango lassi, matter paneer and garlic naan... I almost died. Stole some of my boyfriend's raita that came with his lamb biryani (which was enough to feed two hungry people very happily) since my matter paneer was so deliciously spicy!We were one of two guests on a Thursday night and waited for nothing, service was amazing, our server had great suggestions for both of us.
4	Good food. Spicy, I was sweating like a wh. on quarter night. They just need to stay stocked better though... OUT OF TWO OF 4 ITEMS WE ORDERED INCLUDING RICE PUDDIN
3	They serve one of the best tandoori chicken in the valley. Unlimited Chai !Service is good.If you are looking for a quiet dinner avoid Fri,Sat and Sun. They have Belly Dancing and the worst part is they put the music so LOUD, the even its difficult for the server to hear you
5	This place is fantastic! I loved the Chicken Tiki Masala, the tandoori chicken is amazing! The service was great even when we came in close to closing time!! They gave us great food and it tasted great!!
1	I'm so disappointed in the decline of this restaurant. I once loved the food here. But my last experience was so bad that I haven't been back. We came for lunch and the place was nearly empty (that should have alerted me. Normally it was at least half full a few minutes after opening.) We ordered. I'd brought a friend who loved Indian food and hadn't discovered this place. She was very excited about coming and the free Chai. After ordering we walked over to the Chai station and drew  two cups. Ugh. It was watery, milky and bitter. It tasted old and not at all up to their normal standard. I mentioned the poor quality to the server, who was really trying to be helpful. I even went over and got her a cup and she couldn't drink it. She went to the back and come out and said, "The cook's don't want to make a fresh batch."  Whaaa?  So we dumped the chai and waited for our food. I ordered  the Chicken Tandoori with garlic Naan and my friend had the Chicken Tikka Salad and we waited. And waited. And waited. You could hear arguing for the kitchen. Not a good sign. The server avoided us. After 45 minutes I called her over.  She said the food for coming.  I drank a lot of water while waiting so off to the bathroom and on my way I pass a staff member leaning over a counter eating his lunch. They just opened!? They had customers!? When the food finally arrived it is...meh...not the quality I was accustomed to and not the place I'd bring anyone else for sure. This visit was on March 15, 2012. I haven't been back since to a place that was once a regular once a month stop.  Oh yeah. And my friend hasn't been back either.  I honestly think it has a big management problem.
5	This place is fantastic! It is a bit of a hidden gem, not easily seen from the road. We got the chicken tikka masala (wonderful) and the curried chicken which I have dubbed the best I've ever had! We also got the naan basket which is several different flavors of naan. We will definitely be going back. Food was amazing, service was fantastic!!
5	If you know Indian food then you can tell upon entering that this is the real deal.. These people know how to cook and are proud of it... I saw somebody using what looked to be the size of a boat oar in a pot almost big enough to get in and it smelled like heaven.... I sometimes just order the naan bread on my way home to accompany a salad.... it is like 3 bucks and the best in town...  you can close your eyes and pick anything off the menu and you will not be disappointed..
4	Me and the wife were in the mood for something different... Indian food was something different for us so we Yelped something Indian and this spot popped up! So we entered and were greeted by the waitress, nice little place. I look around and the atmosphere is nice, theres a few families in there, some people at the bar, your usual nice atmosphere. We really wanted some authentic Indian food, and as far as I can tell, I think we found it. Because we had no experience with Authentic Indian food, I had to give it the "Authenticity Test"... here's the test... When you want to find out how authentic and ethnic restaurant is, you look at how ethnic its population is. This restaurant passed the test. It was very nice and refreshing to see the diversity in this place. We proceeded to look very lost and confused about their huge menu so I  asked the waitress for help because we were clueless to the lingo on the menu and she was really cool about it, she explained what everything was, and how you pair it... We began with the Samosas, a pastry filled with potato and green peas, with garbanzo beans on the side, served with three different chutnies, a green one, a red one, and then some pickled stuff there was ginger in there for sure, the Samosa was really good, but I gotta say the garbanzos were freakin delicious.... it was freakin' good, all of it! Then we ordered the Chicken Tikki Masala, with some rice and Naan... the whole thing was gone... I guess the best thing I can say is that this place from the sounds of it seems very authentic, the food is good, and the server was cool... the only thing that I felt awkward about was around 7:30 a belly dancer came out and I honestly didn't know what to do... I had my pregnant wife sitting next to me while this girl is doing her thing... didn't really know the etiquette, I reached for a dollar, then realized I was in the wrong place... then everybody else started to take out dollars... so then i got confused... it was a weird dynamic... didn't know where to look, like, if i looked did I look like a pervert, I mean there's families around!!! But at the same time I think I was supposed to! So from the looks of it... you give her a dollar, but then she'll stand you up and make you dance with her... take what you will from this... go there it was a cool experience.
3	I went about a year ago because of a groupon. We had just moved to the valley and were jonesing for some Indian food. This place had some pretty good reviews- so we took our groupon and checked it out. The atmosphere is really nice. It is upscale and has a nice decor. It is different than a lot of the more run down Indian places I have been to. Anyways, thank god we had a groupon. This place was so expensive. I have had Indian food in different parts of the world (Germany, California, Kentucky, and Georgia) and was shocked at the prices. Plus here (and other valley Indian places) you have to pay for rice. Why do I have to pay for rice? How am I supposed to eat this liquid delishness without a semi-solid medium to bring to my mouth? I know its only 1-2 dollars, but its the principle. Just give me rice! And keep it coming. Don't nickle dime your customers, I was already paying 13 dollars for an entree. The food was really good. I enjoyed it. I had my usual of Paneer tike masala and it was perfect. Husband had chicken vindaloo and liked it. He is a hot and spicey lover, and like most restaurants it did not quite bring the heat. He wants to enjoy his meal with tears streaming down his face and his sinuses cleared for the next year. This place while flavorful, did not bring the heat he so desperately is searching for. We also shared some naan, and I don't really remember if it was good or bad, so I guess it was just ok.So I liked this place, but will I be back? No probably not, its just too rich for my blood. I am still on the hunt for spicy, delicious Indian food that is cheap in the valley. Anybody know where I can get some?
4	We are regulars here.  Any place that my 6-year-old daughter will go to that doesn't have an indoor playground must be good.Love the Chicken Tika Masala.  Spiced to order.  Last few times we went, they did not have the 'Flying Horse Royal Lager', which is a bummer.  Would give 5 stars if they didn't 'nickle-and-dime' you over the rice and naan - should be included with an entre!
2	I had dinner 2 weeks ago with my friend @ this restaurant . Food is all tasty but price was kind of expensive for us.We ordered Marsala chicken half size(4 or 5 small chicken) and 2kinds of curry(very small)N 2 kinds of naan bread(was looks really small )We paid =50 bucks + 20% tips!
4	Surprisingly good Indian food in the middle of the desert!  We went with a group and while the service was a tad slow for an empty restaurant, the portions and flavors did not disappoint.  The location is a bit hidden in a strip mall, but don't let that deter you.  I personally enjoyed the variety of the naan they offered and will be back.
5	May I say I have been here a few times before and I don't think I would have given a 5.Maybe a 4, or 3 at times. They do get points for the delicious free chai, though.This time, the company  made all the difference... I went with a group of coworkers/friends from India, I arrived late and they had already ordered (we usually eat family style, which I love)...What a great surprise their choices were... We first got 3 different dishes, all dry... one chicken, one fish and one I believe was lamb, that last one looks to me like sausage/hamburger meat consistency... (I need to learn my names)Then we got rice (white and saffron) and biryani. Plus 3 dishes with reddish sauce (fish, chicken and shrimp)...Plus 2 baskets of naan... I think only the naan in the top was garlic and the ones at the bottom were plain, but they were still very good. Also, I asked for some butter to eat with a piece of naan an they brought me what seemed to be real, rich, flavorful butter. Yum...Plus, let me say it again... the free chai. Delicious chai.Well, if you don't take sugar you may want to take your own sweetener because they only have sugar and Sweet'n Low...Of course, the service was very good, and may I add that in the past we have asked for split checks and they don't seem to frown about it.
5	Most authentic Indian food outside of India!  I know, because I've been!   Don't let the idea of  exotic food scare you away...there's something for everyone here, even vegetarians and children!  Try the paneer (pressed cheese) dishes or samosas choley if you don't like meat.  Try the chicken or paneer Makhani if you don't like the heat!  For medium-spicy dishes, the Chicken Tikka Masala is excellent with a side of rice and naan bread!  If you want a bite of something that'll bite you back with a really great flavor, try the Tandoor Fish wrap!  The key to eating reasonably is to go as a group of 2 or more, get rice and naan and a couple different items to share with the entire table.  You don't have to drink alcohol, but there's a full service bar at all 3 of the Tandoori Times locations and the beer selection is above-average!  This is the 2nd of the 3 locations and features a nice inside area with a squishy, but comfortable patio where you can enjoy hookah while you eat.  Bellydancers join the fun on Friday and Saturday nights.  Decent value if you crave very good quality food, an exotic atmosphere and an authentic Indian experience.  Ok, the bellydancing isn't exactly authentic, but it's definitely exciting!  One of my favorite weekend hangouts...solid 5 out of 5!
4	I'm giving them an extra star for their lunch specials which is an incredible value for the amount of food that you get. This is my favorite Indian restaurant in the area. It's right next to school! Favorites include Achari lamb...Mmm so flavorful with no hint of gaminess, and the lunch portion will feed you for several meals. I've also had the chicken tikka masala which was good and chicken biryani which came with a HUGE side of raita, yay! Biryani is the food of my people (Bengalis) so I am very picky when it comes to it. I'd say TT2s biryani satisfies my cravings. I also love to end my meal with their complimentary chai. Watered down some days, good other days. Didn't care for the chicken tikka wrap lunch special, thought it was too dry. Their naan is too doughy for my liking; I prefer mine light and a little crispy. Other than that I have no complaints thus far. Their decor is nice, and their dinner prices are pretty standard for a nice Indian restaurant. Their red meat is halal too! Definitely will be frequenting this place!
4	I have visited this restaurant multiple times, mostly as a part of a large party (greater than 6) and I'm impressed at the quality of service. The ambiance is nice and the belly dancing on Friday nights are pretty good (people really get into it!), although it does get loud due to the music. The staff is pretty friendly and generally let you know right away if something is not available and suggests alternatives. I have found that some of the tables do not have the necessary spoon/fork/knife at times and the staff does not bother to check that.The food is generally good, but I have been disappointed once by the okra curry (bhindi masala), it was not what I expected. The quantity of food is good and for $20, we usually end up eating a lot and even taking some food home. The free Chai (tea) is an added bonus!
1	Tandoori-Times 2 is a restaurant that has reached a new low among Indian restaurants servicing the Phoenix area. I was there on Friday night last month to pick up lamb biryani that I'd ordered through phone. Having eaten some really good (and bad) biryanis across many states (CA, TX, IL, NC, FL etc.), I didn't expect great things here, especially after seeing the reviews on Yelp. But I still decided to give this place a benefit of doubt. And boy was I in for a rude surprise. The lamb biryani, as this place calls it, consisted of a few boiled lamb pieces thrown into rice that was already mixed with some gravy. It absolutely had no taste, flavor or at least the looks to pass of as biryani; it was simply distasteful.I was so repulsed with what I got that I felt like going back and asking the cook which fool taught him to make biryani like this. This place rightly deserves all the negative feedback its been getting lately. I've advised all my colleagues and friends never to eat here.
1	Lovely food, terrible service. Just entered for lunch as the second table of the day. Got water immediately from water guy. Waiter saw me and started cleaning trays behind counter. 5 mins later I made eye contact with him again and back to cleaning trays he went. 5 mins later I left with water guy giving me a 'sorry' look as I exited.
4	Tasty lamb dishes and the garlic naan is addicting. Will be back!
3	I love their food but I'm only giving 3 stars because of the poor service we received today.  Our table was ignored for much of the meal.  It took forever to get our order taken, and then when the food finally came out one of the meals was missing and the server was completely unapologetic.  We waited for the last meal to come out and we saw it sitting under the heat lamps while the server was at the cash register doing something else.  Finally one of us got up, walked over to her, and asked if that was his food.  It was his food, and again, she was completely unapologetic.  If I could have tipped less, I would have, but unfortunately gratuity was already added because we had 8 people.
4	Well I have to admit that I am not a fan of Indian food with my bad experiences I've had in the past. But those past memories started to go deeper and deeper away when I at here. Hence my 4 star review. It reality should be 4.5 stars but this is my first time here and I don't want to waste 5'stars on only one try if possible.We came on a Sunday night about 9pm so a little late. There were still tables when we sat and I really liked the decor in the restaurant. We ordered and were greeted with great service and ordered Thi chili prawns and curry chicken. Both came out fast and hot. Very tasty.  I'm not a big fan of Indian food, but Tandoori was very good. That's a lot seeing Indian food is not my first choice when we go out to dinner. We will be back here!
5	I really like this place. We had very good service. The waitress was friendly and helpful so we're the other employees.  I ordered the special beef dish can't think of the name now but it was a bit on the spicy side which I really don't mind. This dish came with naan bread and a delicious side salad oh and rice. They do not skimp on rice. And fyi if you order it as a side you will get the same amount as you would if it came with the special. I decided to upgrade the bread to spicy and that was pretty good too. If you are not into the spicy thing don't do it or even order the beef special I will edit the review later when I get the name of it. own The beef was so tender it just melted in my mouth. I was very pleased that I didn't have to chew meat for five hours or choke to death. Please try the tandoori shrimp appetizer it is the bomb.  the shrimp is very tasty and it seems grilled it has some char like it was. It lies on a bed of some grilled peppers and onions. You will receive a few sauces with your appetizers and they are very good.one is red one is green and the other is a pickled ginger kinda sauce. Each one has their own unique flavors. So it is totally up to your own taste buds. Oh my friend ordered the tiki masala dish and that was so good.  The chicken was cooked to perfection in the beautiful curry sauce. I think it's curry but if you eat Indian food you know what I am talking about. They say most of this food has been cooked in clay ovens. That is why it has an original old school flavor. I will tell you that I will be back. I want to try the wraps. We seen this lady across from us tearing up a wrap... and I am sold. More reviews to come.
4	Excellent lamb biryani.  Not sure who wrote the opinion about it being bad.  I come here especially for the lamb biryani and onion naan.   Food is 5 stars.  I give overall 4 stars because the food and booze prices are a little high for my budget, but certainly not unreasonable.
4	Hands down the BEST Chicken Tikka in Phoenix! As good as a middle of the road restaurant in England - in other words WAY better than anywhere else I have found in the valley. Highly recommend you try it. Service was ok, tables etc are a bit downmarket, but not offensive.
5	Food was fantastic had the paneer tikka masala, service was great, never needed to ask for drink refills. Nice place not too loud.
1	The food here is beyond bad. I've tried several things on the menu and found all of them to be ridiculously terrible. I'm really confused where these positive reviews come from. I would have to assume its people who've never had English/Indian food before (which is definitely possible in Glendale Arizona) but this place should be ashamed.It's certainly not saved by at service either, no specifics but let's just say their ability to handle a disgruntled customer leaves something to be desired.Just don't go here.
4	We've been here a few times now and every time has been great. Last night we had the chicken tikki masala and chicken makhani with rice and naan. We finished that off and ordered the dessert sampler which was a great way to experience their desserts. Service was great and if I could eat only one dish the rest of my life, it might just be their makhani.
5	Having lived in New Delhi as a child for 4 years, I have always been on the lookout for a good Indian restaurant in the States, wherever I have lived (I even found a good one in Fort Wayne, Indiana!).  For most Indian restaurants, the trend is to put out large tubs of curries and tandoori chicken made with ready-made pastes.  With pre-made pastes, it is impossible to get a fantastic Indian meal, it must be made with fresh ingredients, from scratch (even down to making your own cheese).  It got to the point that I could not scratch that itch for the authentic tasting stuff so I started making it on my own at home.  Just like Mexican food, the best stuff is made at home, not in the restaurants.    However, the Tandoori Times bistro came along in Scottsdale and I had finally found my culinary nirvana.  Then as if prayers were being answered, Tandoori Times 2 came to Glendale.  Their tandoori chicken is exactly as I remembered it at Modhi Mahal's in Delhi, as is the dal, nan, mattar paneer.    I've read a lot of mixed reviews of TT2 here on Yelp ranging from "beyond bad" to exquisite.  I don't understand this, maybe because most Americans don't know what to expect with Indian food because they either think it's native American food or they've never had it in their life before (most Americans already know Mexican food, whether they like it or not).  One thing about food from India, is that it is an ancient cuisine going back thousands of years.  Mexican food as we know it (tacos, enchiladas, tostadas etc.) is relatively new.  Why is this important to know?  Well, even the rice is different, basmati rice has been developed for thousands of years to get the size of grain and taste:  they CARE about what grain of rice they use, it has to be basmati (Uncle Joe's Brown rice just isn't the same, sorry).  This is the feeling I get from TT2, they know what authentic Indian food is and what it takes to make it and it is no trivial, slap-a-burger-on-the-grill-and-fry-it type of food.  It takes days of preparation to put out the correct recipe and it doesn't come from canned pastes.    This really shows up in the end result at Tandoori Times 2 and makes their somewhat high priced menu worth it if you know what really goes into making good cuisine of India.  Finally someone is putting in the time and effort to making really good Indian food.
4	I was pleasantly surprised. I'm Indian and so I'm always skeptical of places like this. I thought it was really good. Seriously. Just don't expect an Indian experience it's adapted for a wider audience.
3	tough call on this one.  been there a few times and the food was great but the service  every time is lacking.  no attention no sense of urgency they just seem kinda bla.  I don't know??. if you go with lower expectations of service you will be fine.  I have always enjoyed the food and never been disappointed with that.
4	Decided to try this place out with a couple of friends and we were all pleasantly surprised. The waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu and let us know if things were spicy or if they might be out of something. Since our waiter told us that all of the curries are generally mild, I asked to have them make my lamb tikki masala a little more spicy ( like 5 or 6 on a ten point scale) and it came out perfect. To go along with the curry, we got rice and garlic naan (which is like a flatbread - super good). Be warned though, the rice and naan a plate is 2.75 each. Refills on the water were constant which is good because I drink a lot. Oh! and they have free chai tea there which was delicious, if I had known earlier, I would have drank that the whole time during my meal. To top the good experience off, we got the assorted desserts which was graciously given to us for free from our waiter whom I'd like to mention was easy on the eyes. Overall, it was a really great experience and I would come back again.
3	The food was average, I've had better Naan and fish masala somewhere else. One of my friend got his order wrongly token, so he waited sadly 10 more minutes for his correct order. The Belly Dancer was cool.
3	I was a little apprehensive about eating Indian food in Glendale - I lived in Los Angeles for years and had access to some pretty amazing Indian food. Tandoori Times 2 is located in a strip mall in Glendale and is honestly pretty unassuming. Service was pretty good - our waitress was on top of things and kept our water glasses full and offered her suggestions when prompted. For dinner we ordered the Samosa Choley: Two crusty pastries stuffed with green peas & potatoes served with garbanzo masala assorted chutney - The pastry was cooked to perfection and the garbanzo bean masala was super flavorful and quite honestly the stand out of the appetizer. We also had a an order of the plain naan and the pesto naan - The stand out winner was the classic plain naan! The Chicken Tikka Masala was great - the portion was a little on the small size. We ordered a Lamb dish as well which was pretty good. My favorite was the goat curry which is the special offered on Fridays. If your in the area and looking for something other than your typical TGI Fridays than this is a great place to explore!
5	I always stuff myself at TT2 , the food is that wonderful.  I live close by and have been eating here once a month for a few years now.  It never fails me.  Even their desserts are well crafted, and the free Chai is a delight.  A solid, classic neighborhood curry house that brings a smile to my tummy whenever I visit, and I visit often.  You should as well!
5	Their food is so amazing. You can definitely do family style. I don't know exactly what we had. I know the bread was good. And I believe we had shrimp and coconut curry. Those were fantastic. :)
4	Love the modern spin on the indian food.  High quality food and always good service.  Really good naan and dishes that will satisfy everyone.  Lunch is the best value because dinner is ala carte style so dishes don't come with naan, rice, etc.  This is actually our favorite indian food spot in Phoenix.  Go here!
3	Great food, but the service is extremely, extremely (yes,  double word is deserved) slow.  I ordered a drink, and the service was so slow at the drink actually showed up after the check. The drink was ordered with dinner!
5	Great food and A+ service. I am definitely coming back again. We ordered the tandoori shrimp, naan garlic bread and chicken kormi
2	So here's how our Friday night went down at Tandoori Times 2:Arrive and walk in the door. Sign says "Please wait to be seated." So we wait, and wait, and wait. A few waitresses made eye contact with us, but no on really bothered coming over to welcome us. There were a couple open tables and I could have sat myself, but you know, in a new place you want to play by the rules as much as possible - so we kept waiting. After about 5 minutes a young lady came over and asked if we'd like to sit in the open table less than 5 feet away. "Yes please." I responded. After sitting at an empty table for about 7 more minutes, we still had yet to be given our menus, silverware, or even a cup of water. At this point I wanted to leave, because frankly I wasn't having the best time. Fortunately our waters and menus arrived, after being in their doors for about 15 minutes. Guess what happened next? If you guessed more waiting, you're right. We say at our table with empty bellies and waters in hand, for about 10 more minutes before our waitress returned. She asked if we were ready to order - I wasn't sure if she meant drinks or food. Fortunately my girlfriend was quick enough to position that we were ready with our whole order.We ordered a couple soft drinks and all of our food, at this point I think our waitress recognized that we were a bit annoyed by our wait, and promptly returned with our soft drinks. Props to her for some mediocre situational awareness skills. Our food came out maybe 10 minutes after we ordered it. Things are looking up! Or so I thought...About 5 minutes into eating, really loud hookah bar music started pumping through the speaker, then she appeared. The belly dancer. Now I've never seen a real live authentic belly dancer before, so I had pretty unestablished expectations...I was a clean slate. To be as un rude as possible about her appearance - It wasn't the most appetizing thing to watch while eating, frankly I wanted to tip her so that she wasn't dancing in the faces of my date and I but I think tipping would be giving her false signals, such as I enjoyed her presence. I feel like tipping a dancer, strip club style and having her stuff it in her garments somehow, is not what should be happening while eating dinner. Unless I'm having the steak special at HiLiter.After not finishing all the food, because I had lost my appetite, we got the check, paid and left. Now I know what Tandoori Times is like. I really think they could benefit from nixing the belly dancer from the payroll and investing in a hostess instead. I'm giving it two stars, as my girlfriend was amused by my attitude about the place throughout the evening, and the food wasn't even bad! It just came with a really bad experience. Well, at least she had a good time.
4	Tandoori Times has a number of locations here in the valley and I've had the good fortune of eating at this one and the one located off of I-17 & Cactus.I've eaten at this location at least 10 times as it's one of my wife's favorite restaurants.  We went on a Thursday night and walked in with a Groupon which they readily accepted.One of the positives is that they have a full bar and a very nice wine list which my wife appreciates.  I like the full bar in case I want an old fashioned as I'm not much of a wine drinker.I ordered the lamb vindaloo and the Princess ordered the chicken vindaloo.  The dinner portions are really family style with enough food for a couple of people so needless to say, we went home with leftovers.  It sure didn't hurt my feelings to have to scarf that down for lunch the next day.  The basmati rice is terrific, a little saffron and other spices and it's perfect with the vindaloo over the top of it.The meal comes with naan and I love naan.  We buy it at Costco just to have around the house.  The naan here is a whole different level than what I pull out of that bag, let me tell you!  Soft, light, and perfectly toasted.  We upgraded to the chili naan which has green chilies sprinkled all over it.  It's awesome, definitely worth the next $1 or whatever it is.Finished the meal with dessert, (surprise, surprise).  Went with the rice pudding which is of a much lighter consistency that what I would say most Americans are used to. It was very good, perfect way to end the meal and cleanse my palate, which is my argument for always having dessert .  It has the same flavor components as typical rice pudding, cinnamon, raisins, a little nutmeg, just not with the custard-like consistence.They seem to be gradually upgrading the restaurant with new paint and decorations; it's a very comfortable restaurant with consistently good service.I think you'll like it.
2	If the service were as good as the food, they would have gotten four stars.  First, the chef cannot make ANYTHING spicy.  I don't know if he doesn't know how or he just doesn't care to, but he just cannot make a "chefs hot" dish to match a real Indian chef. He sends out chili powder to the table if you want a dish hotter.  Really lazy and doesn't care is how it seems to me.   We have tried three different times to get a spicy dish. A baby could eat this food. NO heat at all.The servers are extremely slow.  They have no sense of urgency.  They mostly stand with their elbows on the counter staring out at the dining room. Also, check your check total. They almost always get it wrong -- in their favor by a few bucks. If you come in off peak, they are NOT happy to see you. They will let you know that you have a limited time to eat and they are closing the doors. That is a terrible business practice. For the taste of the food, you think this place would be packed. The Groupon will pull you in but the service will send you running.  It is a real shame what the servers do to the reputation of what could be a fine restaurant, but it is management's fault for not keeping an eye on the servers.
2	The food was bland. The service was kind, but very slow. The naan tasted like Wonder Bread. I have been to many Indian restaurants, some good, and many just okay. In almost all of them, the food was better than in this place. Also, there were more Indian people in all of those restaurants than in this place. That should have been an early hint.
5	I tried this place after I bought a Groupon for it. I was pleasantly surprised. The lamb tikka masala was awesome! The best I've had in a while. The service was good. It was very clean & i liked how you can see the chefs cooking in the kitchen.  I will definitely be returning.
3	I wouldn't visit this place. I am from south India and was disappointed with the chicken biriyani served at this place.It was just chicken pieces added to vegetable rice.
2	The food is so good! Geez the service ruins it for me everytime. Slow. Slow. Slow. shouldnt ever have to ask for a refill on water when thats all your drinking?! At the end of my meal, before asking for the check I asked for more of the yogurt stuff that comes with the biryani. Took forever to get the check and when he brought it I had asked again for the sauce. Upon bringing it back, he mentioned he didnt put the side on the bill... not my fault. But he said it like he was doing me a favor hahah this is not the only time ive had slow service. It just seems like they dont care at all.
4	I am rating based on my experience. I had been gifted a Groupon from a friend and upon entry I presented it to the waiter. We were happily greeted and seated quickly. The service was nice and they were very attentive. The food was fine. It wasn't spectacular, but good! Wouldn't mind coming again, but perhaps not when its busy.
4	Great food, tastes fresh and they have something for everyone. The menu has vegetarian, seafood, and meat options. The naan was fantastic and the ambiance is modern, open, and yet cozy as well. 10/10 would eat again.
4	Indian food in Arizona.I think Tandoori Times is a solid Indian restaurant for great saucy masala, soft and tender fish, hot crispy naan, and super flavorful chicken.But minus points for Justin Y. to receive an unpleasant bathroom experience after T.T. and the food took literally forever to come out. I really did appreciate the ALL YOU CAN DRINK self-serve chai teaI liked it. JY didn't.
1	Pathetic service. I am an Indian and I know how indian food is supposed to taste like. The food I got served was a joke. The server had the balls to argue with me and tell me that I had no idea how indian food is supposed to taste? Really moron I was born and brought up in India. Wish ok could give a minus rating. Want to save money? Never eat here.
5	We ordered chicken tikka, chicken tikka masala (chef hot), rice and naan bread (with potatoes) and everything tasted amazing. Portions were perfect for the price. Our server was really nice. Very satisfied with our first visit and definitely plan to return!
3	Decent Indian food. Fast (though a bit... efficient?) service. A dancer came in during peak times on a Friday.Prices and variety are decent. It's pretty good but I probably would not travel very far for Tandoori times. If you are in the area, go for it.
4	We've been here before but it had been a few years. Definitely enjoyable Indian food and since I'm allergic to some common Indian ingredients it is helpful that the staff were friendly and understanding. Our waiter went back to double check ingredients on a dish before I ordered. Everyone at our table liked their food and drinks. Note that most of the meals don't come with rice and you need to order it separately. This is pretty standard Indian fare, but enjoyable. I could have done without the dancer, but that's part of the atmosphere.
1	The food is good. The service is acceptable. They are dishonest. They sell Groupon's and then refuse to honor them at certain times of day even though nothing is said about that on the Groupon.
2	I absolutely loved the food,and we tried a variety. Major issue is with the service. It was the worst of ANYWHERE I have ever eaten.  There is no excuse for this,especially on a Tuesday with only 4 tables occupied. They really need some management present in that establishment!
1	Dear Tandoori times,Here's my experience and I hope you'll shed some light to the areas that needs improvement and make Tandoori a better place than it is.I went there with 3 friends (girls) and that's when you usually don't pay much attention to what you eat as we were so busy talking. I started with self-serve unlimited Tea..OMG! the glasses were so DIRTY I just couldn't find one clean cup in there. Almost all of them were stained with Tea...argh..disgusting. I let the waitress know and asked for a disposable cup for my Tea :(Fortunately to take my mind off, my friends had ordered Veggie sampler that arrived on time - it was a lot in quantity, nicely decorated and to top if off it tasted great. (by far this is the only food on the menu I liked the most.)When sampler arrived we also ordered Entree. The young waitress seemed good listener, made a note of all that we requested and disappeared. We ordered naans and 2 types of curries out of which one was Navratan Korma plus two of my friends ordered Mango Lassi. Guess what? This order took them so freaggin forever that I had to stop by the waitress and ask, are you really bringing the food? Finally after some 100 years (or it seemed like it!!) the food arrived and the Navratan Korma. And and !!! the waitress forgot our order of 2 Lassi'. Can you believe? we thought she'll bring it now and that became never. Anyways, my friends lost hope in the end and we never bothered to remind them ;) nor were we charged so we guessed the waitress had Lassi-Amnesia and let go.By the way,When Navratan Korma arrived, it shocked all of us so much so that we stopped our conversations and asked is this Navratan Korma, really? really? (Million dollar expression on all of our faces, haha!) because all it had was Potato, Eggplant, Peas, Corn and Paneer may be. 'Navratan means nine jewels and this dish is supposed to contain a mix of 9 fruits, vegetables and fried nuts. In true Mughlai cuisine fashion, cream (or cashew nut paste) is added to form the gravy.' referenced from www.cookingandme.comOk! that doesn't mean that you have to have ALL of the 9 jewels (fruits / veggies) in it but at least be FAIR right? and try some Beans, Carrots, Peppers that are abundantly available in Pheonix.  Aren't they?That's it!! that is when I decided I'll reach out to the management and call out about my concerns.Summary (PLEASE):1. CLEAN up those stained Tea cups2. Remember the Order given3. Bring the food before the hunger dies4. Navratan Korma means total of 9 Veggie or Fruits 5. Fix the crazy spraying faucet in the Ladies restroomThanks for taking the pain to read my little notePeace be with you.
1	Bland, overpriced and small portions that make sharing family style even more costly.The serving staff here couldn't satisfy the rats in Karni Mata Temple they are so disconnected from their customers. Ask about a dish and get a bland, uninspired description. Want a refill, good luck getting your server's attention. Manage to catch one of the other servers, he walks off because you're not in his section.Considering our party was one of three tables in the place, there's no excuse for rude, crappy service. A plus is the naan. It was delicious and I'd come back for that. As take out only.Conclusion - Phoenix has a plethora of average, run of the mill Indian restaurants and this place blends into the crowd. With bad service and an attitude that you, as the customer, don't matter - do yourself and this restaurant a favor and take your money somewhere else.TIP: If you're in the area and open to new things, try the French restaurant next door. Great service and good food. Now I understand why I watched person after person go in there and not Tandoori Times 2.
3	This is one of the worst Indian restaurants I have ever been to and I get food from here almost every week. Why you ask? because below average indian food is good food and this is the best of the worst nearby. People seem to be complaining about their prices but it no different than most other Indian restaurants. The lunch special is great deal; you get a salad, rice, soup, regular naan and whatever dish they are offering that day.  I personally prefer their coconut chicken and chicken korma. Always go for the garlic naan, you can't possibly regret that decision.
5	This place is amazing!  The flavors are deep and rich. We have been coming here for a few years and it consistently hits the mark. Tony is a great server and and adds just the right amount of guidance to make it a great experience.  It is a great place!!
4	First off, I had never had Indian food before here- so Indian food critics, I'm not the reviewer for you. For not having Indian food before, I have to say that this place is great! The staff are very friendly and helpful with the menu. They have a good selection of bottled beers (I stuck with kingfisher an Indian import). Very good. They have happy hour from 4-7 everyday- not bad on prices. This is now the second time I have been here. Ambiance is nice and casual, yet still feels kind of fancy. On Fridays nights there is a belly dancer which adds an interesting element. Will definitely be back.
1	Let me preface this by saying we are regular customers and love their food. If not for those past experiences we would not be able to rate them at all because after waiting 40 minutes for someone to look in our direction or offer us a water we finally left. The place was pretty busy but we were seated relatively quickly as no one else was waiting. All open tables aside from one needed to be bused and we were asked if the table nearest the door was okay or if we wanted to wait a couple minutes for another table. We took the table, sat down, and the wait began.A line quickly formed at the door and the wait staff began running around trying to bus the tables that had also being awaiting their attention. After seating this small rush a 6 top stood at the door for about ten minutes waiting for them to push a couple tables together. Their server was however conscientious enough to quickly bring them water, lucky dogs... They began making their way around to the new tables and getting water out. Us having had a good 5 minutes wait on the other tables sat waterless feeling a little like second class citizens. At the 40 minute mark it was obvious that our business was not wanted so we packed up and decided to call it a night. In the staffs defense the place was crowded and there were only two serves and a manager in the front of house. That being said, the place isn't that big and a little direction, organization, and help from the manager would have made this manageable for the staff on hand. For patrons to wait that long without so much as a blink in their direction is unacceptable.As we headed for the door I looked at a table that had been there before us. They sat food-less with empty drinks and I realized I had made the right decision. I wouldn't be eating last nights leftovers and writing a Yelp review right now, I would be waiting for food.
3	service was exceptionally slow, but the food was tasty. we tried a variety of dishes from lamb, goat, chicken. I didn't get a refill on my water until after an hour or so. the belly dancer was entertaining though
