4	Beautiful new building with energetic staff. We went on opening day so there is room to grow but it was very well run for an opening day. Custard was good, but Rita's is better. Freddy's is more ice cream consistency and the flavor was refreshing though. It is piped down a long chute and is then scooped versus a softer serve style like they have at Rita's. The sundaes are pretty creative. Kids had the dirt and worms, brownie sundae, and their signature Turtle sundae. For me, I prefer to start out plain because if you can't get the basic, it doesn't matter what toppings you put on it. So, plain-Jane custard cone for me. All were tasty but again, more ice creamy than custardy. Fast service though considering how packed they were and the drive thru seemed to hustle through pretty well as well...way better than at Culvers. Looks like we've got a winner! I'll be back to try the burgers and will update my review from there. But, a good solid start and a welcome variety to Surprise.
5	Very busy but service was fast and food was good
4	We've been waiting for this place to open since they started construction on it last year. It's the first shop to open in Marley Park Square and we hope this will help everyone else follow suit and fill the empty space. We went to Freddy's during their opening night. It was very busy, as expected, but they handled the lines well. We love their skinny fries! Their burgers are just okay. I'm not sure what's missing from it...I may have just ordered the wrong one. Mine didn't come with lettuce or tomatoes, so I'll be sure to look at my options better next time.The owner came by and asked us how we were doing which was nice. The place is new and poppin'! We're glad they're finally here.
4	Dont mind the wait...its worth it. Patty melt did not disappoint! The fries can make you angry because they are "shoestring" style and you cant get enough of them in your face at one time! We will be back to try the frozen custards in the near future.
2	For a busy place they are top of there game. Food was just so so for me. The burger has this crust around it that kinda hurts the gums and roof of your mouth when you bite into. Pretty sure it was the cheese the melts over. Get by the crusty part and the burger does taste fresh. If you like skinny shoestring crunchy fries then you will love these. For me not so much it was like eating warmed up potato sticks from a can. I did see managers and maybe a owner going around asking what they thought they never did come by our table prob since most of the fries and 1/3 of the burger was sitting there untouched. If it was the owner he was sitting outside playing with his cell phone more then asking people what they thought and it was lunch time. Personally I'll stick with Five Guys. Little more expensive but you get what you pay for with Five Guys!!!!
5	Food is delicious. The custard is so yummy!
5	Love Freddy's & thank goodness this one is now open right here in my home town (no more driving to Litchfield or Glendale)!  Don't change a thing--you guys even have done a great job accommodating all the crowds flocking in to check out the best burgers, fries and custard in the SouthWest!
1	Very disappointing.  Big smiles with air brains....the window clerk screwed up an order ahead of us because she failed to read the slip three times in a row. The California Burger was like a cow pie sort of style, with an onion thicker then the meat slab.  The burgers were cold because the tomatoe and onion were so large, over powering the meat slab.  It was like a cold picnic including hard, cold, French fries.  I should have figured when the order was handed to me and the bag was not hot.  I am disappointed to see yet another business that will be short lived.  Sadly, I have already noticed the swing of business slowing :(.
5	Yum! Hubby and I love this place!
4	Ok this is my first time here and.....I could go back :) I compare the burger to In and out sort of on the small side for me.  That's why I don't eat at In and out a lot. You do get that fresh taste that In and out is known for from here.  I did get the number 7 the double.  It comes standard with mustard, pickles, bacon, and onion.  The bun is soft and in fact I could see your fingers going through it if you held onto this burger long enough.  I did not have that problem, it was gone within minutes.The meat is different in that it is thin and lean, yet mine had a crust on the ends from the grilling.  You either are going to like it or hate it.  I could do without, but I am sure it is the grease and fat from the meat that makes stuff taste better :)   I can say this must be a Freddy's burger thing. I wanted chili cheese fries, but they were out of chili? WT freak?  Oh well I settled for the .50 up charge on my meal for the cheese fries.  Not really as satisfying as chili, but it will sort of cure my craving for over indulgent fries.  So far a good experience, it is really close to my house so it is just another option for me between all the fast food, not good for my diet selections.  In fact after eating all that I am going to the gym.
3	Nothing that outstanding.
5	I have been here 3 times since they opened, and love it every time. Good food and fun atmosphere. Great for the whole family.
3	This chain reminds me alot of Culvers. How could you go wrong with burgers and custard?? This place sets itself apart by adding gourmet hot dogs to the mix. Plus the burger meat is different. Instead of beef patties, you get flattened steak cuts. I wasn't used to the thin sliced steak patties but it tastes pretty good all the same. I really enjoyed the oreo dirt custard. I now have an excuse to enjoy oreo dirt cake, but of course, this time instead of cake, it's a mix in for thick, creamy custard. The interior of this fast food restaurant is more fun than Culvers since they take the 1950s vibe pretty seriously. It reminds me of being inside a 5 and Diner.Overall, I like coming here as a lunch alternative to regular fast food joints. It's definitely worth trying at least once to see all that they have to offer,
4	I think I like fries again! Shoestring fries, what a marvelous thing :)The burgers are buttery tasting & the meat is REALLY thin. I like it, but if you are a ravenous carnivore, you'll need to order at least a few doubles ;)I would recommend dinning in. The cool red & white diner is enjoyable for young & old. Also, you get bigger portions of fries and better condiment selections. Yes, I do believe you get punished a bit when it comes to the drive-thru. I got 1 ketchup packet (1!!!!) per order of fries.... When I ate there I had wonderful variety of fry condiments & as much as I wanted!
5	Freddy"s Is the best I've ever had, bar none. I go there as often as I can.
5	At first I thought another fast food restaurant... but its not. Its awesome. The burgers are fantastic, and I don't usually eat burgers. The custard is amazing.  The decor inside is adorable.  Yay!
3	Fries were very good & they give you plenty of them.  Hot fudge sundae was tasty. I'd return.
4	Best Fries Ever!  I was driving by Freddy's and decided to go to the drive-thru and try their food for the first time today.  I've never heard of this place before, so I thought I'd give it a shot.  I ordered the #5 (Original Steak Sandwich and fries with a drink).  The drive-thru was a little slow (slow enough that I noticed, but not so slow that I got frustrated), but the customer service was great.  The guy in the window was super nice and quick to hand over my food when I made it up to the window.  I decided to try a few fries on my way home and WOW!  Perfectly crispy, salted just right, and not at all oily.  They didn't even need ketchup!  The sandwich ended up being just okay, based off others reviews I may have to try a steak-burger next time.  Overall, very satisfying and I will definitely be going back for more of those fries!
4	Seen this place while driving around the area looking at homes lol.. So glad we found this place! Burgers, Hot Dogs, straw fries w/fry sauce & frozen custard are all Smackin! Straight Grubbs & will come back for sure. Very clean new place & friendly service, lots of parking. Freddie's is a Kansas fast food treat in AZ!
4	We have a new favorite!   Freddie's Steakburger and Custard is hands down the best hamburger to hit Surprise az yet!   We have one suggestion, the oil needs to be kept hot for the fries otherwise they get to greasy!   That's why I give them 4 stars as about half the time we eat their the fries are good and the other times they are soaked in greased, which means that the temp of the oil isn't hot enough.
5	Great food, reminds me of home. A little pricey but the food is good. The place has been clean every time I have been there. Some workers need to grow up but over all I give it a 4.5 but no option for thay so I out 5
4	I am addicted to their burgers and fries, they are so good. The people behind the counter are very nice too.
3	Serious problem with accuracy of orders, although the staff is very amiable and the burgers are good. CHECK your sandwiches if you are ordering to-go or drive-thru! Just about half the time (18 orders total), my order has been wrong. Hard to believe, given that I always get one plain burger as a treat for my dogs. Today sadly was the last straw, as the plain burger wasn't plain, and mine included dairy, to which I'm allergic. Back to Red Robin for takeaway!
4	OK so I had to go see what all the hoopla was all about. Good burgers and really good fries that is what all the hoopla was about. There is a unique taste to both so it was an interesting meal. I like the atmosphere 9usually). Freddys sauce for the fries is good (. I think it is ketchup, mayo and pickle juice.). Anyway good enough to satisfy a craving.
4	We have been here a few times we like it, staff is friendly and helpful! My food has always been hot! Not a fan of skinny fries but I like them every now and then! The burger is never dry but a but greasy! I personally did not like the fry sauce but they have ketchup too!! We went today actually and hubby got the chili hot dog, he loves home made ones but he said this one is not bad! They have Luzianne ice tea which is our favourite so can't beat that!!! Have not tried the custard but will one day!!!!!
5	Very good food and I love how this place gives young workers experience :) I'm a dessert LOVER and I had the mint concoction and it was so yummy!  Not a fan of their fries but my kids enjoyed this place.  They have so much to choose from and overall make good food.  I seldom eat eat burgers but when I do I like burger joints like this.  Nice place and big enough for the family...
2	Holy Salt Lick! My wife and I stopped at Freddy's after going to a movie.  We'd been passing Freddy's for a couple of months and thought it might be fun.  Walking in it has a kinda Retro-Jetson's meets Culver's feel.  Lot's of folks having lunch so we thought could be a good sign.  She ordered a burger and fries, I ordered burger, hot dog and fries.  Our order came up and we took it back to our table.  My wife started eating her burger and I noticed she wasn't too happy.  The burger (meat) was very thin and very very salty.  She also picking at the fries.  My hot dog was good, but I noticed the same level of salty flavor on my burger but I do like salt.  The patty was very thin and I could see through the grind.  My fries were tasty and I wondered what was wrong with my wife's.  I asked for some her fries and it was like a triple scoop of salt.  Generally, the flavors were "meh" but salt level way too high. Gave up on the fries and left some burger to toss.  We really wanted to like Freddy's but we probably won't be going back soon.
5	I have been to this Freddy's several times and love it. The burgers, fries and hot dogs are all delicious every time. They always give a large portion of fries and non-stop pop. Service is always very quick and employees are friendly. Great old rock and roll music always playing inside. This is by far the best fast food place anywhere.
3	Very friendly and efficient staff. Ordered a #1 combo (double burger with fries and drink). To me the burger didn't have much seasoning and the fries were bland. Maybe I was just having an off night but was not a big fan of this place. Might be back to try the custard when we have time.
5	The shoestring fries are fantastic! and I love the turtle or the Hawaiian Sundaes!
5	Looking for quick and easy food after a long morning at the nearby World Wildlife Zoo and this seemed to be a good candidate.The food was hot, fresh, and delicious. I order a single steak burger for myself. My kids had the hot dog and chicken strips. My picky kids were pleased with their food. The shoestring french fries got too cold too fast, but that's just their nature. They were salty to begin with, so didn't need any more. In fact I added pepper to sort of balance the salty. Now for dessert! This was my first frozen custard experience and it did not disappoint. The custard is thicker and creamier than ice cream, including soft serve. I chose the PBC&C sundae and enjoyed it thoroughly. My son chose the same as a concrete (think DQ Blizzard). I had a taste and it was equally good. My daughter made her own creation and ate it in record time.In conclusion, my kids asked to go back the next day...and the day after that....and the day after that...
4	I use to go to the Freddy's at 51st Ave and Bell Rd, but when I moved to Surprise it became too much of a drive. I was ecstatic when they built a Freddy's at Litchfield Rd and Waddel in Surprise. Everything on the menu is delicious and you can't go wrong ordering. The fries sauce is as awesome a the fries themselves, which are thin cut the way I like them.The burgers are good and the meat is fresh. The frozen custard with lots of topping options is probably the best thing Freddy's has to offer. The dining area is always spotless and the staff is friendly. The food gets made quick and comes out hot. This is not just another burger joint it's something at a whole new level.I would highly recommend this place and watch for many more check-ins from me.
4	Been here a few times, wife loves it because of their hot dogs. Burgers or steakburgers as they call it, is pretty good. This location always have a great environment, and is always clean.    Seems like they are always busy and always have a lot of high school kids working there, so patients is needed at times.Now for their hot dogs:Wife likes them, buns are buttered toasted. Dogs are a all Vienna Beef hot dog. And they are pretty good.Steakburgers are actually very good, they look very thin, and smashed. But the flavor are very good. Should at least try them!Our experience has always been positive, and enjoyable.
4	I believe this particular place is a relatively new establishment at this location. After walking into the restaurant, we were greeted and directed to the ordering counter. The decor looked very much like a modern version of a 50s diner. The place was very clean with plenty of staff on standby if help was needed. Since this was the first time eating here we ordered the Freddy's steakburger and hot dog combo to share even though it is known for the Freddy's original double with cheese. We asked them to split the order for two people and they gladly obliged. We ordered onion rings, a Dirt n' Worms sundae, a Hawaiian Delight sundae, and a PBC & B sundae (pictures attached). The Freddy's steakburger was alright. I wouldn't rave about it but still good. There was a lot of mustard with some onions and pickles and not much else to the burger. The hot dog was actually very good. The hot dogs were served on buttered, New England style rolls. The onion rings were good. The batter and onion stayed together unlike many other places where the onion just slides out after biting into it. The shoe-string fries are very good with the Cajun seasoning. The dirt n' worms sundae (oreo cookies, gummi worms, whipped cream, and cherry) was alright but I was told the Hawaiian delight sundae (pineapple, strawberry, coconut, macadamia nuts, whipped cream, and cherry) was much more flavorful and fruitier if you like that kind of thing. All in all, I would say it's a 3.5 star rated place but give it 4 due to the friendly nature of the help always asking if we need help or if they can take our trash away.
4	I don't usually eat fast food. being new to the neighborhood my family went to try. and we found it is really good!  It is always busy but delivers speedy and yummy food. The prices are a little high for fast food - but worth the occasional treat!
4	We just moved to surprise and found this place. The stake burgers are good but we now go for the frozen custard. The mixers and all. We usually stop by at least once a week for family night. If you get a chance stop by.
5	Me and my buds come to Freddy's often and are NEVER disappointed! We love the service and the burgers! I got to recommend the California Burger. I really stress that you give Freddy's a try, it is probably the best chain restaurant in Surprise!
2	People love my fast food reviews, so here is another at a fairly new establishment in the far reaches of the valley. I'm not sure that at $3.19 for a single burger, we can call it fast food, but it has a drive through, so it qualifies. My only purchase was the single steakburger on what seemed to be a very buttered bun. The patty was thinner than a wafer and was hand formed and a tad on the greasy side and not really comparable to any other fast food burger. It falls below In and Out, when they are having a good day and basically in its own category. Nothing wrong with this place on occasion and the burger is dressed with a few slices of onion and sliced pickles.UPDATE: Grilled Chicken Sandwich belongs in nastyville. Avoid at all costs.
5	Absolutely love this place!!! So pleased that it arrived in the Surprise area! This location has great employees and service and if they ever do make a mistake (which has happened only once in the 100+ times I've been there) they are very quick to make sure that you are friendly and properly taken care of! Love me some Freddy's!
4	Freddy's is a typical Midwestern style burger joint.  I'd say the closest comparison is Culver's.  The burgers although very tasty and not overly greasy, are wafer thin.  If you are hungry, make sure you go with at least a double because of this.  The fries are shoestring thing and seasoned well, but perhaps the saltiest I've ever had, EVER!  The thing that bumps this place up from a three star to a four is their frozen custard.  They have tons of varieties, and so far the ones I've tried are amazing!  As for prices.  The burger combos run between $6-$8, and although delicious, small frozen custard treats will cost you about $4.  All and all I like this place a bit more than the others, but just wish they would cut their use of salt on their fires by 50%!
5	Location & Aesthetics - Located in Surprise just opposite from Fry's.  It cannot be missed as there aren't really any nearby or adjoining businesses.  Parking is plentiful and there's even a drive through if that's your desire.  The restaurant is clean and well lit including their bathrooms as well.  Interesting thing, if and when you go into their bathroom, there's these miniature monitors attached to the faucets that flash these advertisements which I found to be really cool as I've never seen that before.Menu - Their menu is large and it will take you a couple minutes to figure out what you want to eat so you'd better step aside for the other patrons, at least, that's what we did.  Menu is clear and above the cashier and staff are very helpful in answering any questions you may have.    Service - The staff was very friendly!  There's staff at the order counter, staff at the pick-up counter, and staff that walk around and even clear up your table for you.  All of them were very helpful and friendly.Food - I ordered the number 1 which was a double hamburger patty hamburger with all the fixings which came with their signature shoestring fries and I substituted my drink for a large vanilla milkshake.The hamburger was mouthwatering and done just right.  The condiments and all the toppings tasted fresh.  The patty was thin yet still juicy and tasty.  The burger wasn't greasy or sloppy with everything falling out.  The buns was soft as if they just came out of the oven.The shoestring fries was hot, crunchy and tasty.  I think I could could've ate 2-3 portions as it didn't feel as if it was filling.  It was that light!The vanilla shake was a definite pleaser!  It tasted as if it was made with real ice-cream, it was very cream and rich, and cold!  I ordered it for myself but the wifesky drank most of it and kept apologizing!Rating - 5/5.  Definitely will be worth coming back for their frozen custard which I'm kicking myself for for not trying but it's an excuse to come back isn't it!
4	Went through the drive through. Person on speaker wasn't rude but also not friendly. Waited a long time at the window. Two staff members were standing talking & although I realize they weren't "cooks" it didn't help my patience. Got home & everything smelled & looked delicious. Chicken strips were hot and decent sized. Double steak burger had great flavor. Buttered buns! Hot dog was decent size & taste great. Fries were thin cut & a lil salty. Very impressed with their fry dip made of mayo & ketchup & pickle juice.
5	I have always enjoyed taking my kids here for a quick bite to eat.  Service is always reliable and most who work here seem friendly.  The burgers are above average and the fries are great.  You cannot go wrong with the custard afterwards...it's just amazing.
4	Desserts are amazing here! I've tried the one that had gummy bears and a Hawaiian ice cream sundae. Both were delicious. I've tried there food I just didn't like the string fries.
5	Tried this place for the First Time today & it was Amazing! Love the feel of the restaurant & employees were very friendly. I liked the simple menu, but my favorite were the deserts. I also enjoyed the Photos on the Walls : ) Please add a Crispy Chicken Sandwich to the menu ; )
5	Good hot food, it's greasy but it's an old style diner so if you aren't looking for greasy food then this isn't your place haha! The service is always friendly, the wait time is mediocre but I won't complain since you wait for your food to be made fresh, definitely worth a short wait! Their fries are so good, terrible for my waistline but mmmmm who cares with fries that tasty! I always get their patty melt, I am addicted to it.The ambiance is a cute 50s style. The shakes and ice creams are AMAZING! I can only eat here maybe once per month because like keeping a healthy figure but if That was not a concern i'd visit them many times per week !If looking for a yummy cute family friendly diner definitely give Freddie's a visit and do not forget to order dessert! You order at the counter and pick it up yourself which is ok since moving after food like this is a good thing LOL.
5	Amazing customer service!  From opening the door to picking up our trays!  Very friendly staff, clean, and good burgs.  5 stars
4	In town visiting and was told that I needed to try Freddie's. I live in an area of SoCal with lots of In-n-Outs, a good local chain (Farmer Boys) and a recent invasion of Five Guys. I didn't think this place would be anything new. Happy to say, I was wrong.The menu can be a bit overwhelming but it has a nice variety of food for everyone's taste. Yeah, the burgers are a bit thin and the fries probably will get cold before you finish them but, overall, the food was very good. The burgers had a good flavor and include a wide range of toppings. Freddie's has their own seasoning for fries that can be a little salty but does enhance the flavor. But what pushes Freddie's over the top is the frozen custard. Very good and they give you a wide range of options of toppings and mix-ins. Such a fantastic way to finish up your meal. Looking forward to seeing Freddie's in SoCal sometime soon!
