1	Way over priced, old furnishings, slow and inattentive staff. We got one hookah that was not lit correctly and when we asked him to light it correctly was rude about and finally gave up so we asked him to get someone else to do it. Which he did and then the problem was fixed. However by this time the small amount of tobacco was already mostly burned up.They do not give free refills on fountain drinks, ice tea or anything else. No free drinking water. I asked specifically for tap water and he still brought a bottle of cheap drinking water, then charged 2.75 for it. I had already bought one soda for the same price.The food is alright, however once again overpriced.On the weekends they do not let African-American people in unless they are with other people. That is terrible, if I would have known they did not I would have not even gone in the first place. I know this because a couple of my friends tried to come in the waiter says there where no tables available. I show up and get a table no problem.This place is terrible and should be shut down.
4	This place was really fun, the owner is very friendly and makes you feel like you've known him for years. I will definitely be returning.
4	I really liked this place a lot.. I came here last weekend with a couple friends since it was the closest hookah lounge to wear we were eating. Once you walk in they check your IDs, you only have to be 18 to enter, but they'll make sure you don't get any alcohol. The place is decorated with dark colors and fabrics on the ceiling; kind of reminds me of Moroccan decor. It looks kind of old, but it's still very lively. The music is pumping and there's lots of people dancing. Unfortunately I was too shy to dance, but I really wanted to! It was really fun to just sit, smoke some hookah, and people watch. People were getting down like nothing Ive seen before. There were guys gyrating on the floor and girls trying to keep up! I'd like to come here again. It's a fun place to go if you're not 21 yet and you can't get into clubs.
1	Boy was I deceived!I've come here with my bf 3 different times this week and every single time we've walked in and out immediately because it was SOO DEAD. The days we went were Sunday, Saturday, and Wednesday. The last time I came here was on a Friday and I'm guessing that's their only busy day of the entire week. It was seriously DEAD every other time that we went, no more than 3 groups of people, so sad. I really wanted to come on a Saturday night since THEIR FLYER says that they have belly dancers. When we came in and saw nothing but an empty room my bf asked the manager about the dancers and he said "oh, thats on Thursday." Their flyer says nothing about dancers on Thursday...I really loved this place the first time we went and I thought it'd be like that every night, but boy was I wrong! Don't come here on any day other than Friday.
1	It was.. an interesting experience coming here. I can say off the top I never tried the food, I came here with a group of friends on a Saturday night. The music was loud, overbearing and the crowd was.. a little less than my personal taste in people .. The decor was bad, even for low lighting. They could probably use a major make over...
2	servers were rudehookah was decentfrench fries made my stomach hurtwont be going back unless i'm forced
1	This place has gone out of business for quite sometime - and its not surprising. Yelp should update the status.
1	place shut down and for the right reasons - dirty, bad service, super expensive and they poured cheap Russian spirits in top shelf brand bottles, drinks were literally strip prices. But one thing was for sure - their falafels were amazing as were the shawarma sandwiches and their pickles. Miss it.
