5	Visited the box the day after it opened as visitors from chicago.  Had a quick warmup, some technique on powerlifting (logs), and went into a pretty excellent 20 minute AMRAP WOD.  Coaches were great!  Corrected form as I got sloppy trying to move faster and keeping me honest (as well as giving a couple tips).  Give 'em a try :)
5	The owners are incredibly friendly, patient, and encouraging, and for the first time I'm excited to work out! I cancelled my other gym membership and am giving this a shot. The membership is reasonable for what you get and I have to mention again how great the owners (and other members!) are. I would recommend anyone to come in and see what they're all about.
5	They are brand new to this location, but the trainers have many years of experience and it shows in the near one on one training. The long hours allow for a nice work out for me at 5:30am, or a quick free weight session on the way home from work.
5	While visiting family in Phoenix, my wife and I have visited quite a few CrossFit Gyms.  I have to say that CrossFit Surprise has been our absolute favorite, and I hope that my sister will begin attending regularly.  Though a relatively new box, the owners are extremely friendly and supportive, and attendance appears to be growing steadily.  In addition, they give two free weeks to anyone who wants to try it out.  Don't miss this opportunity!
5	I can't say it's the best CrossFit out there, because it's the only one I've been to.  I can say that this is the first time I enjoy getting up and going to work out every morning.  I look forward to it.  Sometimes I even go twice :)  Mike, Jason, and Jolene are awesome!  They are always there to make sure you are performing the exercises correctly and motivating you to keep pushing.  Everyone in the gym will motivate you, that is part of what CrossFit is about.  Be careful though, you might find yourself standing around BSing for another half hour after you workout because everyone is so friendly, and they don't care if you're late for work!As for the price: It's more than a gym membership and less than a personal trainer.  What you'll get is more like having a personal trainer than roaming around a big gym on your own.  And, they give you two weeks free, so you can sample the goods before you buy.  Come, drink the kool-aid, the kool-aid is GOOD!
5	This is my favorite place to be!!!  other than with my family, of course ;-)Everyone there is EXTREMELY nice, welcoming, supportive, and encouraging from the beginners to the advanced WODers.  Mike and Jolene, the owners/coaches, are VERY knowledgable, and know how to keep you safe while pushing you to do your best.I will NEVER go anywhere else!!!
5	I was visiting Surprise and needed to complete the 14.5 Open.  Walked in the door and was given a very friendly greeting.  The owners were very supportive and everyone cheered me on during my working out.  I would give them 10 stars and will visit again when I am in Surprise.  Thanks Again!!!!  CrossFit Surprise!!
5	Visiting from out of town. This was the only crossfit gym near where I was staying. The owners were very nice and encouraging since I have only been doing crossfit for about a month. Would highly recommend this gym.
5	You need to stop in here! Great facility with great coaches and owners. So easy to work with and can tell they have only the best in mind for their members. Jolene is fantastic!
