4	The last time my body glistened this much, it was junior high and somebody more popular than myself thought that blue glitter would be a good look. It's not, by the way. Fast forward more than a decade of self-discovery later, and here I am in a 105 degree room with 40% humidity. Hello, Bikram yoga! This is the new little sister studio of the original Bikram Yoga location off of Decatur and the 215, and it's in the John E. Carson building on the corner of Carson & 6th. The studio is clean with modern decor, with both male and female bathrooms equipped with shower facilities - if you think you can just "pop into yoga," here then go to work, you are so wrong. Whether or not you have ever taken a class at the 215/Decatur locale, each person is considered a new student. If you are visiting for the first time, I would get there about 30min early to select a spot in the class and complete paperwork from the friendly staff up front. Bikram yoga is a series of 26 postures and breathing exercises that help to strengthen and stretch muscles while increasing flexibility over the course of 90 minutes. The heat and humidity will really do a number on you, so I like to hydrate as much as possible the day before, and then bring 1-2 frozen water bottles to the class, as well as my own yoga mat and towel. Bikram Yoga Downtown is a great addition to the downtown revitalization. It's a little too far for me to be attending regularly, but I would absolutely return for a drop-in class if I have other things planned around the area. For those either already on or chasing the healthy wagon, GrassRoots Juice Bar is in the same building. For those who aren't, O Face Doughnuts are around the corner. Namaste!
5	Never done yoga - ever - until a couple of weeks ago. I happened upon a FREE class here and it happened to be a hot Bikram class.Terrified, anxious and clueless - I accepted.I could not be happier. Currently on a road to wellness, this came at the perfect time in my life.The instructors are patient and welcoming. I was not uncomfortable, as I feared I might be, and the studio is intimate enough for a nice small class. Very good for a newcomer like me.The studio and shop out front are beautiful, calming and fun. Well maintained locker rooms and the accoutrements in the showers are lovely. oh yea - free locker rental. Just pick a code for the day.If you're curious - do it!1st timers - bring lots of COLD water, 2 towels (1 for class, 1 for shower after), yoga mat. Resist the urge to leave the room. Do what you can but don't push yourself. You'll be amazed how far you can go. No - it isn't easy but it is SO worth it.I cannot wait for my next class.
5	Love Love LOVE this studio. The atmosphere is peaceful and pleasant, all the staff are friendly and knowledgeable, the owners are very personable and I've been extremely satisfied with the instructors here at this studio. I never was really a fan of hot Pilates at any other studio but its one of my favorites now! Yin is also great and of course the bikram 60 and 75 classes are nice to have in case I don't have time for a 90 minute class. Over the past 5 years or so I've practiced regularly/ off and on at Vegas Hot Yoga, Bikram Yoga Green Valley, and a few times at Tru Fusion. I really love this spot. would compare it most similarly to Tru Fusion, but on a smaller scale.  The restroom/shower facilities really are spa-like. Everything is very clean and aesthetically pleasing as well. Aromatherapy shampoo/conditioner/body wash and essential oil diffuser in the restrooms. There are matts for rent and the towels for rent are very plush :) Water, coconut water, fruit etc is available at the front desk. You dont need a locker for the lockers/locker room they are personalized locking ones which is awesome.I was fortunate to win a free month via facebook during their opening, then unfortunately kind of got out of the routine of going ... now Ive started back up again using their current groupon deal. To me, the prices of memberships are reasonable and the availability of classes is sufficient especially when I work swing shift so I will be getting a membership once my groupon is up. Im really happy to be a student at this studio! I feel happy and relaxed every time leave the studio not stressed and overwhelmed like how I've felt after class at some of the more overly busy studios.
4	This place it teetering between 4-5 stars for me for sure!! I love the concept and location of this place. I definitely been waiting for something like this to open in the downtown area. They offer great pricing for memberships too. The studio is extremely nice, I've been to others in the city and this one is definitely the nicest I've been to, especially with all of the amenities they offer. They offer a variety of cold drinks, some memberships of towel services and free water, some memberships have discounts on clothing, etc. etc. A couple of the set backs for me are the class time offerings, and the parking situation. Parking situation I can deal, but the class times seem to be all over the place. It's new, so hopefully there will be improvements.
