3	Took them a few times to get the order right, and then when we got to the window they still got it wrong.I guess its because it hasnt been open that long.Food was ok though, I will try it again.
4	Wow, really good custard.  Love, love, love it.  The burgers are pretty good too.  Don't let their thinness fool you, they are filling.  The fires are kinda a pain though.  Their so skinny, they are hard to pick up and dunk in ketchup!  Sizes of the drinks and ice cream items are small.  But lets face it, do we really need all of those extra sugars?  However, given their size, I would have liked to see lower prices.  Matter of fact, prices are the only reason I can think of that this place didn't get 5 stars from me.
3	I was cruising down Williams Field the other night and Freddy's just kinda jumped out at me - had never noticed it there before, apparently because it just recently opened.  Brak loves a good burger, and being hungry at the time, I had to pull in and check it out.  I ordered some sort of double burger and fries.  It wasn't bad, but I wasn't terribly impressed either.  The burger patties were thin with some weird consistency that I can't even describe.  They were somewhat overcooked.  The bun & fixins were fine, and that helped somewhat.  The fries were super-thin and coated with some sort of thin coating of batter before frying, and while they were tasty enough, their thinness made them somewhat of a pain to dip in Heinz's finest and made for having to grab a bunch of them at a time to mow through them without taking forever.  I'll probably give Freddy's another go at some point, and maybe try something else on the menu.  This joint requires further study for a comprehensive conclusion.  Brak will be back!
3	Its fast food, so its hard to go above 3 or 4 stars.  In my opinion better than the mainstays like McDonalds, BK, Wendy's and just a bit below In n Out.  Burgers are different but very flavorful.  My wife was excited as she is a huge Steak and Shake fan, she said these were good too, very similar to her favs from the Midwest.  I liked the thin shoestring fries very tasty.  I didn't have a custard of my own my the wife did and it was good.  A great place to take the kids for an above average fast food meal, heck, if i was driving by and was hankering a burger in the middle of the day I certainly would be back.
4	I told my son that he could pick anywhere he wanted to eat dinner last night because he had a good week in school. He wanted some Freddy's action which I was not about to argue because I wanted to try the Chicago dog and chili cheese fries. I didn't care too much for the Chicago dog but not because of the quality, turns out it's just not my thing but I'm glad I tried it. The chili cheese fries were frickin awesome though. For $3.30 you get this huge basket with the perfect amount of chili, cheese and onions. Certainly not a heathly choice but c'mon you don't go to a place like Freddy's for a saladI love their double California burger and the Dirt and Worms custard. Two grabtastically thumbs up!
2	Went back last night with the girlfriend to give it one more shot.  Lukewarm french fries, and again, I was not impressed with the burgers.The people that work there are friendly enough, but I guess I am just not a fan.
4	Yummy burgers!  Good crispy fries.  Nom nom nom.  The custard was equally delicious.  Be sure to save room.
2	I love Freddy's but this location has terrible service! I've been there multiple times and everytime there is something wrong with my order or service is slow. The last time I went, some pecans inexplicably found their way into my oreo skake! What if I had been allergic!!! Luckily, I'm not however it was extremely irritating to get excited thinking I got a chunk of oreo only to find out it was a pecan! Not cool bro!
5	Wow. How have I not gone to this place sooner?!?! My favorite fast food place in the midwest was/is Steak N Shake and this tastes pretty darn similar. The burgers are thin, but cooked to a crispy perfection & the fries are thin and awesome as well. On my first trip, I had the patty melt, which was awesome. On my second trip, I had a burger and it was amazing. And on my third trip, I went for the hot dog and it was outstanding :) Have yet to be disappointed by the food at Freddy's. Next, we have the customer service here, which is top notch. There are a bunch of young kids behind the counter, but they all seem to have an impeccable work ethic and great manners. I don't know how the managers go about their hiring process, but they're doing a great job. Lastly, frozen custard... just do it. You won't regret it :)
4	The burgers were decent, I still prefer this over McDonald's, Wendy's, or burger King. But however I like In N Out better. The Fries tasted okay by them selves but with their seasoning and Freddy's Fry Sauce they were really good! The custard was pretty delicious!
5	Fast and friendly service. Orders are always served correctly. Get phased on the patty melt.
3	I generally like freddie custard, but after going to this location today I will never go to this one again. My husband and I bought regular Sunday's which were almost 4 dollars. When I looked in my bag, the cups were not even full of ice-cream. The serving was extremely skimpy and it seemed like they just were trying to put as little in there as possible. I would not recommend thus location. I have been to 2 others and they were both better. I would suggest the location on baseline because I never had that issue there and have been many times. Overall, the ice cream is good, but not a great value for the money.
4	Really like this place! The cheese burgers are tasty, custard (concrete's) are awesome and their french fries w/fry sauce **yes i said fry sauce** are DELICIOUS! Food - 4 starsService - 5 starsDesserts - 4 starsIf you are in the area and are looking for a quick yummy burger than go no further. (Tis the season for Pumpkin Pie......Freddy's has an out of this world Pumpkin Pie Concrete that i would highly recommend.)
4	I've had many many many good experiences here... The only reason they got 4 stars is they have messed my order up several times but always very quick to fix! ( I get the patty melt which is sour dough and Swiss but I switch to Texas toast and provolone as Swiss doesn't sit right with me) other than that always nice staff and always fast service (does slow it down when they make it wrong but it's well worth the wait) I would get a concrete every visit if the small wasn't so expensive .. So sadly I do not get it often! In any case love this place!!!!
4	The patty melt and a chocolate malt. My favorite "cheat day" (or "cheap day") indulgence.
4	Great burgers and custard and the fries rock!
4	When I rolled up to this Freddy's the parking lot was empty and I couldn't see anyone inside. I figured - location, location, location and this poor little buddy went down because it didn't have a good location or something. I stammered in anyways and to my dismay they were indeed open - the workers all kind of looked like they were bored out of their mind. I was thinking, maybe they are indeed hurting for business.I ordered the #1 and it was delicious. Their fries were little shoe-strings that were browned just right. Perfect. I generally like the opposite end of the fry spectrum - big meaty potato wedges, but these were really, really good. I was impressed.The burger was equally good. I am a big fan of "old school" hamburgers that feel like they were made out of raw meat and thrown on a grill. These may have not been made out of raw meat, but they seemed like it. I will warn you though, even the double patty deal was about the same thickness as a single 1/4lb patty elsewhere. So yes, these patties are thin, almost crumbly. So if you're hungry you might want to order a second or just really concentrate on the fries (which they seemed to give a lot of). This is a little odd but I really liked that they gave a whole dill pickle slice for the pickle. I love pickles so they won my heart on that front.I had never had custard before (gasp from the gallery, I know) so I wanted to try that before I left. how bad could it possibly be? I already love ice-cream, gelato, fro-yo, and shaved ice so how could I not like frozen custard? Well, it too was a win. I ended up eating it all even though I was pretty full. We got the Chocolate Brownie Delight.On a total random note I really liked the "fry sauce" which I think was just ketchup and mayo mixed. I reminded me of the middle-school days when we would mix up the two and eat it on everything on our plate.I'll give this place a 4.5/5. It was good but I really wished that the fries were a little more beefy. I felt like I had to go grabbing 300 times to eat my portion and I'd rather be lazy and rach 15 times and eat the same amount. LOL.
5	I love this place! This is one of the very few places I can find a great steakburger. Being from Illinois, this is where I go when I'm craving Steak-n-Shake since there are none in AZ.
4	Great burger and even better seasoned fries and special dipping sauce for the fries.  The frozen custard is good and a must have if stopping in.  Personally I like the "other" chain's frozen custard better.
5	I might have found a new addiction - Freddy's. Not sure why I have never been here before but I will be from now on!We drove by this place over the weekend and I didn't know what it was, so I came back in for lunch. Their food is great, service is fantastic and it's very clean.I had the patty melt, which was a tad too greasy, but it's a patty melt so you're basically asking for grease. It was good though. The fries were awesome - I don't normally like shoestring fries, but these were cooked perfectly. And they have fry sauce. Yes, fry sauce. That I think clinched it for me. I'm not sure what exactly it is, but for a person like me who normally mixes ketchup with ranch dressing for her fries, this stuff was YUMmy.I was too full from lunch to try any of the frozen custard - sundaes, concrete mixers, or anything else - but next time i will have to plan things out so I can have both. Maybe just a basket of fries (with a ton of sauce) and a sundae.
4	Great burgers. Not the normal fast food burger. The fries are small cut and sometimes are over done.
5	This is one of the best fast food restaurants around. The food is always fresh and hot. The service is always friendly and helpful. From their burgers to fries to their custard (ice cream), , it's all good!
5	Love this place. Food is always fresh and hot and service awesome for a fast food restaurant.  LOVE the thin fries.
5	It was purely by accident that i found this place! Especially the fact it is a mile from home! I had never heard of the chain but decided to try it!  I like this place tons more than their local competition!!!  The burgers, fry sauce and frozen yogurts are perfect!!!! Thank you for my new addiction!
5	I was in the area (my old neighborhood) and I had a hankering for subs.  But Freddy's doesn't serve subs, you say.  You would be correct.  I drove to my favorite sub place and it turned out that the power entire shopping center where the sub place was located was out.  So much for feeding that sub craving.  I consulted my trusty yelp ap for another option.  This is where Freddy's enters the picture.  I got the California style burger, which basically means it has their special sauce on it.  They grill their burgers really flat at the edges which makes the edges sort of crispy and charred.  It actually added flavor, but I can see how some people wouldn't be a fan of that.  It wouldn't be a meal if it didn't end with dessert, so I ordered a mini vanilla custard with cookie dough on top.  The vanilla custard was so creamy and delicious and you could tell that the cookie dough was top quality (and trust me, I know my quality cookie dough!)  I would absolutely go back, especially for a sweet treat fix!
4	Best burger I've had in ages.  I took my husband back...he's not a burger person, but he really liked it too.  The burgers are thin and a bit crispy on the edges.  The fries were good, and the fry sauce was great. The turtleneck sundae was excellent. Now I'm having trouble NOT going there every day!
5	First time here and I was really impressed. I got the double steakburger California style and it was fantastic. The seasoning was perfect, it was cheesy and the beef was tender. The shoestring fries were crispy and tasty. The chicken tenders had a crispy and peppery crust and were moist.  My wife loved the frozen custard which is basically ice cream. Definitely coming back!
4	This place was very good!  It reminded me of steak and shakes which I frequented while I lived in Texas!  Their burgers were good and I loved the turtle frozen custard! I will definitely go back again!
5	Burgers, fries, frozen custard - oh my!! Deliciousness!!Their burgers are fresh and yummy! Always made just the way you want them! The fries? To die for!! I'm not really a big french-fry person, but the shoestring fries here are too good to resist!My kids got the t-shirts and get free frozen custard every visit now.. Kat, who's the manager there, is kind enough to remember us and told us we didn't need to drag the shirts in each time. We are so spoiled by the wonderful service and warm hospitality. You can't go wrong here. We go almost weekly (even getting lettuce wrapped burgers on my healthier visits ;)).
5	My husband, sister and I LOVE this place! The burgers are delicious and I am pretty much addicted to the fry sauce! The customer service is always amazing as well!
3	The burger I had was a little dry but the fries were great.  I didn't try the ice cream but it does look really good, I will go back to try that.  The prices were very reasonable.  It was about $13 for my son and I to eat.  He got a double cheese burger meal.  I got a single burger fries and no drink because they don't have a sugar/caffeine free option.  I can't handle caffeine late and I really don't need the sugar in the evening either so I had water.
5	I had the Freddy's Double Steak Burger. AMAZING! Their frozen custard is also amazing. This was my first time here and I am now a fan! This is where I eat every time I come to Arizona.
3	This place would be a solid 5 stars if it weren't for the burgers. Came in last night to try the meals for the first time (usually the hubby and I just do the frozen custard). We both tried a number one, which is a double burger, fries, and drink. The burgers were so thin I could have ordered a triple. They were also extremely crispy... I can now check off eating a thin, crispy burger from my bucket list. The custard and fries are great though, especially with their signature fry sauce.
4	Good all around place for pleasure (bad) eating. You got your burgers, fries and then custard all in one spot.Burgers are tasty and have the nice flattop type char. Meat is super thin so you gotta do a double at minimum and the triple is really just about a normal double. But the flavor of the burgers are very good with the normal pickle/onion (grilled or fresh) lettuce and tomato toppings (depending on which type of burger you choose).Fries are the skinny shoestring type fries which are actually really good and crispy. They are also great as chili fries as well. They have a nice seasoned salt you can put on them which adds extra flavor. They also have fry sauce (mayo/ketchup kinda deal) which is good.Then come the custard which is really good. Chocolate or vanilla in all the variety you want: cones, sundaes, concretes etc. The turtle sundae is awesome.Fast food type joint kinda fashioned in the old diner style.
5	The Bacon burger was big and juicy and the fries here are really good. They go great with the shakes/blizzards here which are called concretes. I've only tried one but it was awesome. Last time we went through the drive thru and we thought it was pretty quick but the lady at the register apologized for the "wait." That's good customer service in my eyes. I would highly recommend this location to everyone!
5	Im OBSESSED with the concretes!!!!!!!!! It doesn't get any better!
5	Burgers, Fries, sundaes and ice cream this place has everything that any family needs when you're going out to eat. The double cheeseburger is one of the most delicious burgers I've had in a long time and I have sampled everything out there this steakburger is where it's at people you need to order that.
5	Just as good as I remember from Kansas. The burgers are delicious and so is the custard
2	The first time in had a burger and fries. They were ok. The second time had a hot dog here. It tasted ok but made me feel pretty sick later. Won't be going back.
5	Awesome food!  Everything is seasoned great. Skinny cut French fries. Good price. Just be prepared to wait a little longer for your food because they cook it to order. Worth the wait for sure!
1	Wow. The slowest fast food ever. Waited 40 minutes for food.When we get to the window she hands me our ice cream and we wait at the window for like 12 more minutes as the  Ice cream is melting.  Total wait for 2 burgers and fires and ice cream 45 minutes. Ice cream is totaLLY melted. Not sure how long it sat before we got to window. And price is ridiculous for OK burgers.
