4	Adorable little cupcake shop tucked away by the entrance of the Plaza. Very clean, friendly, and a fabulous selection of wonderful cupcakes. Yummmm!!!!!
5	In case you didn't know, I love sweets. Particularly cupcakes!!!! My friend and I came to the Plaza for dinner, and I of course saw cupcakes. OMG!! I bought a red velvet, and a wedding cake cupcake. I tried both, both were amazing!! The cake was moist, and thr frosting on both was not overpowering. The cupcakes are huge, but they do have a variety of mini cupcakes as well. I would definitely recommend this to anyone! I bet you can't eat just one cupcake!!
5	I've never purchased cupcakes & this place woke me up to the delicious world of cupcakes!  Customer service was amazing, friendly & attentive. Good size selections and good sizes. Thank you!
5	Outstanding cupcakes, and great service!  The wedding cake was our favorite.
4	Huge improvement compared to when I first tried Gigi's (Flamingo location) a few years ago. So I never had Gigi's again after 3 times of trying an assortment of different cupcakes from the other location. I honestly hated Gigi's with a passion to the point I told people not to buy their cupcakes. However, last Thanksgiving my Aunt brought a dozen cupcakes from Gigi's. My initial thought was "why the heck would she do that?!" Considering the fact that most of my family doesn't like American sweets a majority of them weren't eatten. So I actually tried 3 or 4 of them (not all in once!) and boy was I surprised at how much better these cupcakes were compared to the others I tried in the past. Since it was awhile ago, the only one that I remember was the "Hunka Chunka Banana Love." The banana nut cake was moist with a nice texture. The banana cream didn't have an artificial banana flavoring and they might actually use real bananas for their butter cream. And to top it off the butter cream was dipped in ganache with a banana chip on top. I thought the banana chip was a nice touch and the chocolate ganache added a slight crunch. I haven't been to the Plaza in decades, but if I was I would definitely hit this place up for dessert or to satisfy my never ending craving for sweets. I might just have to give the Flamingo location another chance.
2	Situated in the newly revamped Plaza Hotel, this cupcake shop lies at the forefront of the Fremont Street Experience. However, the prime location does not compensate for the overwhelmingly sweet treats.  I had the opportunity to sample two cakes ($3.75 each).   *White Chocolate Raspberry Frappe:  Pretty gross. The rasberry filling left a sour aftertaste in my mouth while the butter cream tasted like pure sugar. *Chocolate Chip Cheesecake: The cupcake itself was actually decent, however the frosting is extremely dense and overbearing.I probably won't come back here for cupcakes, but I do applaud their clean and modern decor and cute cupcake boxes.
5	Something you should know about me: I'm a cupcake fiend.  There is always room in my life for a cupcake - or two, or three........so I couldn't help but yell out "OOH! CUPCAKES!" while I was walking through the lobby of the Plaza.  I was already super full from lunch, but I had to grab 4 mini's.  They're normally $1.25 each, but if you buy 4, they're $1 each - easy decision - I got 4.  I tried the orange dreamcicle, coconut cream pie, lemon drop, and the white chocolate raspberry frappe.  Wowza.  Holy mother of cupcakes.  So, so yummy.  They were all moist and perfectly frosted. The regular-size cupcakes have an insane amount of frosting - so much so that you can't take them on airplanes.  If you aren't a frosting fan, you may be in trouble. I really wanted to go back for a dozen mini's to take home, but our flight left before they were open.  I will most definitely be back go Gigi's the next time I visit Vegas!
4	Yum! I got a four pack of baby cupcakes for less than $5! Red velvet and birthday surprise were delish, and while they were tasty, I could not tell a difference between the chocolate chip and the chocolate cheesecake. Kind of out of the way but really a nice treat.
4	If you're craving something sweet and close to downtown, Gigi's might be your stop. Gigi's is a place I've bookmarked for quite some time. So when I saw their sign driving down Main St, I was eager and happy to finally be in the area to stop in for a visit. I always ask places what their popular item is and that's usually what I end up ordering. The answer today: the wedding cake cupcakes. I took a few of those, the pistachio, and the midnight magic chocolate chip. I got the miniatures, $1.25 each. The regular size sells for $3.75. Hefty for one cupcake but they looked pretty big.So, the cupcake criteria: Is the cupcake dry? No, Gigi's cake is soft and moist. How's the frosting? A bit sweet, but not overwhelmingly so. Tasty. And finally, how's the presentation? The decoration is simple, yet very cute. I like the size of the miniatures, it's perfect for tasting each flavor in a few bites, unless you're committed and willing to finish their regular one. Which I might be now, since I know it's worth it. I wouldn't say Gigi's is in a very convenient location for me, especially since you do have to park in a garage or valet to get there. I like that this store is open late, Sun-Thurs 10am-10pm, Fri-Sat 10am-midnight. As far as cupcakes go, I'd give it a thumbs-up, for sure. What flavors awaits me next? I think the Mississippi Mud or Scarlett's Red Velvet!
4	My review is only for the store and customer service.  I was unable to taste their cupcakes, always returned too late, after 10pm to get a bite.  Customer service here is great, the man working the register and helping customers was very kind.  They have a nice selection of mini cupcakes to select from an they looked cute and delicious.  The store also sales cute merchandise.  Next time, I will try their cupcakes.
4	got there a tad bit late so there weren't alot of the minis left. my bad. Anyways I got a couple of the minis the kiddie cake and white midnight magic. Both were super good and moist with a great amount of frosting. Overall I give Gigi's a 2 thumbs up and i'm wanting to go back and try some of their other flavors. From what the gal said this location is the only one that carries the mini's. The actual bakery is located at 1150 East Flamingo Road  Las Vegas, NV 89119
4	While vacationing in Vegas was craving cupcakes and of course read the good reviews about Gigi's so decided to give it a try. Seeing we were staying downtown at the Golden Nugget, the Plaza was a short walk away. Shop had friendly customer service. She was very patient waiting for us to decide which flavors we wanted going back in forth. We ended up getting a large red velvet, and 4 mini's (wedding cake, midnight magic, white midnight magic, Italian cream) and received a free bottle of water. All were very delicious. Although the thick cream cheese frosting on the red velvet was heaven, my only complaint would be that the top of the red velvet cupcake itself was hard while the inside was really moist. I will definitely stop in again next trip to try out other flavors that vary day to day.
3	Frosting overload. I like the focus to be more on the cupcake itself, not that i visit cupcake shops often. I tried the white chocolate frappe raspberry cupcake and the cupcake was good, but the frosting overpowered the item. I might eat it diferently next time or try the mini's to avoid frosting and of course even if don't have too eat all of the frosting, you will probably eat at least 90% of it anyway. Wednesday is not a great flavor day, check website for flavors.
4	Uhhh YUM!  We were recently in our favorite city of sin and happened to be staying in one of our favorite locals...Fremont street.  Me being the cupcake ho that I am, HAD to yelp cupcakes and, this lil peach poped up SO FRIGGEN CLOSE (its in the plaza at the end of fremont, right at the entrance...you cant miss it.Now first let me tell you.  Im a girl who likes her frosting and second Im a girl who likes her frosting buttercreme.  THIS....is my mecca.  Theres so much frosting on those cupcake they tell you to turn them upside down and smoosh them in a bowl to get the frosting all over everything. Ring Ring..Hello?  Is this heaven?  Cuz baby Ive died.I had a bunch of the minis while we were there, but honestly I liked the big ones.  The Cookie Dough one, being our absolute favorite and the Hunka Chunka Banana coming in close second.If you like frosting, like cupcakes, and like your cupcakes real.  THIS is the place.  Go...go now...(ship me one...will you?  lol)
3	We stopped in after pizza at Pop Up Pizza, it's in the same casino.  They had large cupcakes for $3.50 and mini's 4 for $5.  We each got 4 mini's.  The Italian was dry, the chocolate velvet was GREAT- moist cake and light whippy frosting.  Not bad for my 1st cupcake tasting in Vegas.  It's close and convenient to our hotel.  I would try again and maybe grab one of the many flavors of popcorn.
4	Love their cupcakes. Delicious.
1	While their cupcakes taste good, know that their delivery and customer service STINKS!!!! I had ordered cupcakes for my sister's WEDDING and they were delivered but were totally SMASHED!! She couldn't even show them to her guests. We hid them. It was awful! A total disaster courtesy of their delivery crew - Meal runners. DO NOT HAVE THEIR CUPCAKES DELIVERED IF YOU WANT THEM PRESENTABLE!
3	The best thing I like about this place is that every day of the week they have a different menu, and they change their entire menu every season.The first time I came here my boyfriend and I got the dozen mini cupcakes for 12 dollars (the usual price of one mini is around 1.25) and so got to try twelve different flavors. We were at the Plaza for a late night show, and so when we ordered them it was within the hour that they would be closing, so a few of the cupcakes weren't very moist, which is fine. I don't expect the cupcake to be in mint condition at that time. I enjoyed all the flavors we got, and really enjoyed being able to try so many.The second time we came here was in the evening again, but not SO late. I got a full-sized Grasshopper cupcake, and my boyfriend got the White Chocolate Pumpkin cupcake. Now, I have stated before that when I buy a cupcake late in the day I don't expect it to be in out-of-the-oven blessedly-moist condition, and so wasn't upset when the top was a little dry. I don't get people whining about cupcakeries who have not-so-moist cupcakes. Do you think they make them in the back all day long? Heck no. Most of these places get them shipped to them from their bakery. I understand if you walk in the moment, or even within the hour of them opening and get a dry cupcake- now that's unreasonable. Anywho. It was a little dry, but what really urked me was that it wasn't minty. At all. Almost 4 dollars for a chocolate cupcake with green icing. Seriously? It was very depressing to me since I adore mint. My boyfriend lucked out on his Pumpkin cupcake, not only was is VERY moist, it was delicious.  Note that the best deal is to get their 12 mini cupcakes for 12 dollars- you get to try many different flavors for a relatively decent price, compared to one cupcake for 4 dollars, and you might hate it. You also get a free water bottle when you buy the mini dozen.The guy who runs it/works here (I don't really know) is kind of strange- he told us that the best way to eat our full sized cupcakes was to flip them over in their plastic box, smash it with the wrapper still on, take the wrapper off and eat it with a fork. He claims that this way there is a equal cake to frosting ratio. My boyfriend tried it, but I thought it was sacrilegious. I know some cupcake fanatics who would faint at the very idea of defacing it.
4	Great cupcakes with generous amounts of frosting
5	Located in the Plaza hotel & casino in downtown, parking in the hotel lot. Walk through the casino, and make your way to the front desk. It is right next to the valet, too, if you want to go that route. AWESOME customer service! Sweetest lady ever helped me out in my cupcake choices. Go with the mini cupcakes, so you can taste a little bit of every flavor. Whenever I'm in downtown, I'll definitely be back to crave my sweet tooth!
2	the customer svc is good, but the cupcakes seem dated! Not as moist as they should be considering the price.  My search for the perfect cupcake continues.
4	Please note: I am reviewing based on the cupcakes themselves and not the storefront. Gigi's Cupcakes were recently given to me as a gift for Administrative Assistant's Day and let me tell you, they did not disappoint! I received 2 dozen of the mini's, which are the perfect bite-size treats to enjoy. It was definitely hard for me to share them with my co-workers. lol.The frosting was rich and luxurious, the cake moist and fluffy. My favorite was the White Midnight Magic (drool). I can't wait to check out their bakery located on Fremont Street because I'm dying to pick up more and try the Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough cupcake (OH EM GEE!). It sounds amazing! Based on my research they are reasonably priced and they rotate flavors everyday so you always get to try something new. Check out their website http://www.gigiscupcakesusa.com/menu for their weekly menu :DIn my opinion, these serve as perfect little gifts for random holidays, a child's birthday party, a little league game or they are even fancy enough for a bridal shower or wedding. Enjoy!
4	Unfortunately has closed it's doors. Bummer because I heard so much about the awesome taste and had a hankering for some cake. Maybe next time. The four stars I'm giving it are for those who've told me how good the cupcakes are.
