4	Such often customers the self checkout guy knows us :)
4	This is the closest grocery store to my house.  It is always clean and well stocked.  I have never gone in to find the shelves empty or even half stocked.  They have a nice deli, meat department, and a pharmacy.  The store is quite large and I can find everything I need in one stop.  They also have good sales each week.  This store is always busy!  The parking lot is almost always full.  This is the nicest grocery store within a two mile radius and I'm glad it's close to me!
4	Its the closest grocery to my home, but I love it for so many more reasons.  Tully's inside, pharmacy with free fry's cash for transferred prescriptions, good produce and meat, gas discounts for the station across the street, and RedBox.  The only downside is the sometimes over-crowded parking lot.
5	Always have that Fry's card handy otherwise you won't enjoy discounted groceries.
4	I really do enjoy this location and miss having it closer to our home. The staff is very helpful and friendly. The layout is easy to navigate and I believe their prices are generally lower than other grocery chains in the area. It is very clean, has a great variety of products and rewards you for using your VIP card (10 cents of per gallon of gas can be appreciated!)
4	My grocery store of choice. Good prices, friendly staff and the layout makes it easy to find what you need. The parking lot can be a bit of a pain to get in and out of, but the store makes it worth dealing with.
4	I'm not sure what's up with this place's renovations, but ever since they renovated a few years ago (maybe 2 or 3yrs), there is this distinct, nauseating smell when you first walk in... it could be the floors since they were completely re-done as part of the renovation.  Anyway, I think that is a big negative personally for me because I have a very sensitive nose and if I'm grossed out by the smell, I'm gonna get in and out as quickly as possible.Besides that, this place is decent - their produce is always stocked, though they don't always have my salsa ingredients stocked when I need them.They also have a pretty great selection of 'health stuff' which is easy to find - range free eggs, Cascadian Farm products, Applegate products, and the list actually does go on.  So, Kudos to them for responding to their demographic that like having more than one little corner of an aisle dedicated to 'healthy' alternative brands and products.I usually do the automated check-out as that is usually quicker.. though those stupid machines ALWAYS require me to 'get assistance' because I bring my own grocery bag and it screws up their scale readins.. UGH.Oh yeah, and they're open till midnight every day.. that's a plus when neighboring stores close by 10pm.
4	Fry's generally has good prices, and good sales.  We like their meats and produce.  They also support local charitable groups with gift cards in which a portion of the gift card sales goes to the group.All around a good store.
4	closest place to my house, but they have good produce and everything is as one would expect in all aspects.
4	This is the greatest place to shop and you get the best deals and discounts. I am a big fan of frys i always have huge saving when i shop here!
5	Excellent location of Fry's.  Conveniently located just a mile south of the Loop 101 on Alma School Rd in Chandler AZ.  Employees are always friendly & ready to help when needed.  Store is always stocked up and items are easy to find.  They just upgraded their self service check-outs to new computers.  Very convenient and easy to use.  Usually quick to get in, shop, and get out. =)
1	No organic 2% milk, which is in the farthest corner of the planet from the entrance, because no one would go into a grocery store for just milk, right???And the cashier couldn't have been any more rude. No thank you, no smile, actually even seemed annoyed that we were disturbing his quiet evening since there were hardly any customers n all were mostly going thru the self checkout
5	Great selection, friendly & fast.  Much prefer over Albersons down the street.
4	Great prices! I enjoy collecting the fuel points to help saw on gas.
5	I wouldn't normally review a grocery store, but this one is my favorite. I seem to get the best deals here and you can't go wrong with the fuel points program. Customer service has always been good and they usually have what I need. Store is clean and organized well too. But the thing that just puts it over the top for me to Yelp about it, there is childcare here! You don't even know how convenient and wonderful that is for me! My kids can go in and me get matching bracelets. I show my ID to drop off and pick up. And then I can shop in peace! It's wonderful.I feel so lucky that this is my neighborhood grocery store. I actually would probably drive a little out of the way to enjoy this. Only a couple of Fry's stores have childcare.Great store!
2	I'm weird.  I believe in smiling at people and saying please and thank you.  And in saying, "Can I help you?"  "How are you doing today?"  You'll get none of that nonsense at this Fry's.I know a guy who is friends with a department manager for Fry's.  He said they had a "customer service" push one time, telling their employees to ask customers if they were finding everything they need, and to tell them thank you.AFTER THEY HAND OVER THEIR HARD-EARNED MONEY AND KEEP YOU EMPLOYED!Ugh.  It is sad you have to tell people to do this.  This just reinforces I live in a Bermuda Triangle of bad customer service.This morning I got cut off on my quest for yogurt by an employee checking her phone.  She was smiling, but it wasn't at me.  I have a feeling it was at the naughty message on her phone.  That is great use of company time.Then I stood patiently at the Tully's counter while two geriatrics gave me the X-ray, how-you-doin little lady look.  No employee in sight.  I even wandered around looking for one.So I had to risk my life in the Cobblestone parking lot to get some caffeine at Dunkin' Donuts.  God I hate that parking lot.And so, I'm done done doneski with Fry's and continue on my quest for good customer service in the Alma School/Queen Creek corridor.
3	It is your average mid-level Frys. I am really confused as to why they can not upgrade this Frys, especially with where it is located. The deli can get swamped, and they are super slow. Very nice, but very slow. Lines are never too bad, and they always have what I need.
1	I come in here very often, so you might be able to understand how I can be mad at this: I was accused of stealing something as I was walking out. A man who was not security came up to me asking "what do you have in your bag?" As if he saw me take something or he knew something I didn't. I was completely dumbfounded and told him nothing, that I didn't take anything. He walked away really quick. I went back inside after and opened my bag as if to show him. He told me it was a mistake and ended the conversation quickly. My boyfriend, who worked in a couple grocery stores before, told me that employees aren't allowed to actually do that and if I went to the manager he would have been fired. Sort of ridiculous if you ask me. Albertson's trumps Fry's.
1	Find a different frys supermarket if possible. This location is really busy.  I have had to complain to management a few times for not having enough registers open,  not enough baggers and not restocking items that are out. Every time it gets better for a couple days but it soon degrades to the same situation.
4	They are always stocked up on everything! The grocery and dry goods managers know what they're doing! I can't tell you how important that is to me. I can't stand going to a grocery store where they are out of everything..BUT, Fry's, seriously, did you get those self check registers second hand 10 years ago? They are so slow and it takes forever to use them! :(
4	Easy. Nothing AMAZING, nothing AWFUL.  Just solid all around. If you want to keep grocery shopping easy, this is your spot.
5	I recently had a horrible experience at the Cooper and Warner Frys, but Zhyra made my experience at this location an excellent one! I live right near Warner and McQueen, but because she was so kind, Im inclined to drive the distance to this location.
4	Great store. Staff is professional and friendly.  Only downfall, during the summer,  upon entering the store, it smells funky. I cannot describe the smell, just I recommend they clean their A/C ducts??
