4	Ah Serendipity,How I love thee...Well actually I just love thee's milkshakes...This place has one of the best milkshakes I've had. Their ice cream is just really, really good. I don't like the whipped cream they put on it though. It tastes really weird, so when you order a milkshake tell them not to put whipped cream on it or it will damage your experience.This place reminds me of Serendipity in New York, obviously and only because of the name. I decided to try this place's hot chocolate. Horrible. Never, ever get it.In addition to ice cream, they have sandwiches and paninis and all kinds of random stuff. But I prefer their ice cream over everything.
5	I really have nothing bad to say about Serendipity. They were often  closed at the most inconvenient times ever (weekends, etc.) but I think that changed recently. My friends and I love the unique combinations they make here, and I love how every shake is topped like a sundae! The classic ice cream flavors are good too. My favorite though - Serendipity Style Iced Coffee. I had this idea years ago and I'm so glad I finally saw someone do it. It is basically a float made with coffee. The hot coffee and the cold ice cream melt together to the perfect consistency...mmmm...my mouth is watering just thinking about it! I have yet to see this done anywhere else.
4	Most people know them for their ice cream, which I am pretty amazed by. They always have a vast selection of flavors, everything from basic to gourmet. Of course they use those same flavors to make some amazing shakes, but whenever I was hungry and between classes or stuck at the Union, I get my food at Serendipity.They have some pretty delicious yet basic food items. My all time favorite and go to is their hummus sandwich, complete with a TON of veggies, cheese, and special thick slices of bread (non-white). Trust me, it tastes so much better than it sounds. I've converted many a carnivore into loving this sandwich. Their quesadillas are also pretty amazing. Everything is made to order, so you kind of have to stand in the middle of the busiest intersection of the Union (right by the front doors, the computer lab, and the convenience store) and wait like an idiot for a few minutes before they call your name and bring you your bagged food.But the toasted food feels just like a warm snuggie from the very first bite. The only down sides are that their hours are so short! They close early in the evening and are barely open on the weekends. Sometimes, I just gotta have my Serendipity fix!
