4	Boston Market... yum.  If you're in the mood for some home-style foods or in a hurry and want some comfort food, this is the place to go!  I especially like this location because they have the same menu with healthy options AND they'll make you up a fresh batch of something if they're running low or it's late and they ran out.  My roomie and I sometimes stopped here after our Lifetime Fitness nights. :)See ya there!
4	I've been to this Boston Market at least three times now, once a coupla years ago on my last trip to Az when my daughter and I were looking for a fast place to grab a bite before a movie at the Tempe Cinema Theater and then I rediscovered it by Yelping the neighborhood for the same purpose a couple of weeks ago.  That time I grabbed a quick Rotisserie Chicken Plate, dark meat (my favorite), with sides of Rotisserie Chicken Noodle Soup (unlimited refills but I didn't have time to partake of that), cornbread, broccoli (gotta get my veggies in when possible), and sweet potatoes casserole.  Other than being a little salty, which concerns me for health reasons, and the casserole being pretty sweet, everything was delicious and I wished I hadn't had to rush thru it but didn't want to eat popcorn on an empty stomach.  It made mighty fine leftovers the next day, too.I attempted to go back a week later to try the Turkey Plate but discovered after I parked that I had worn the wrong shorts with my money and cards in the other pair back at the motel.  By the time I drove back there it was too late for the movie so I just ate near my motel and called it a night.  Last night I made sure I was properly financed and headed over to this Boston Market again.  As soon as I walked in I was  enveloped in wonderful aromas that made my mouth water.  I ordered the Turkey Plate with cornbread, creamed spinach and mashed potatoes for about $8 including tax.  Now, I'm a dark meat fan, but that turkey breast was so moist and tender and flavorful I was an instant fan.  I could cut it with a fork, no knife needed.  The only problem was for whatever reason, it wasn't hot, just sort of tepid, even borderline cool in spots.  Because I was hungry and headed for another movie across the street I didn't say anything because it tasted so good.  The spinach and mashed potatoes were hot, just not the meat.  Later in the meal a worker walked by and asked how everything was so I politely let her know the everything was delicious accept the meat wasn't hot when served to me.  A man who may have been a manager overheard me and insisted on bringing me a fresh serving of turkey even tho I told him it wasn't necessary.  I ate most of it there because it was even better warm, and added the rest to my leftovers for lunch today.  Needless to say I was highly impressed with this level of customer service.The only other issue I had was when I first sat down I found the chair to be quite loose and wiggly so I switched to the chair next to it.  When the same man mentioned earlier walked by I mentioned to him about the chair.  He tested it, agreed it was not acceptable, and immediately removed it from service, thanking me for letting him know.  Again, I was impressed by how quickly a customer's concerns we're responded to.I'm actually looking forward to returning here to have some of their Beef Brisket and maybe more turkey and soup.
4	Good old American food
4	I've been to this location many times.  I like that the food is fast, but not fast food.  We call it "Thanksgiving for Lunch".  The service is good, although they can be annoying when walking the restaurant. They lose a half star for taking the salt off the table and hiding it up by the soda machines.  Don't try to be a salt nanny.  And a half star for being too forward (Constantly walking the dining area, and watch out for the frequent buyers club or whatever it is called - they just have a list in front of the register with your contact info sitting there for anyone to read/copy/steal).
3	About as good for you as fast food gets - I love their stuffing, green beans, and mashed potatoes. I usually stick with the chicken, but they also have meatloaf and pot pie. The corn bread sucks - its time they let it go!
4	Great for people who want food fast and are willing to give up poor quality, unhealthy ingredients and crappy customer service.The food is fresh, yummy and affordable (personal favorite = pot pie) - it's clean and comfortable - and the people working there are incredibly, almost unbelievably, friendly and attentive. Kudos to the manager for creating an environment that is all too rare in the Valley.I don't know if all Boston Markets are like this one, but this one is really good.
4	I like this place because compared to claim jumper, prices are more reasonable for a meatloaf dinner and quicker. and if you get on their email list, you'll get special offers. Great comfort food choices and friendly service.   But I wish they had a drive thru at this location since sometimes I have my kids with me and this is not my first choice if I have them with me.
