3	The newly opened sister restaurant to Hanam's, Pomegranate offers middle eastern cuisine in smart, fresh surroundings. It's open until 3am at the weekend, so I could see it developing a cult following, as a late night dining spot.Overall, we said: "Pomegranate is a new restaurant, with all thrills and spills inherent in a new venture. Even though the guys running the show are experienced restaurateurs, they are not immune from the vicissitudes of fate and fortune. It certainly fills a new niche in terms of a late place in this neighbourhood, offering a different option from the more established fare, so I'm confident the business will thrive. I'm also sure that it will find me a regular visitor when then mood takes me. But I sincerely hope that the bedding-in process ups the quality and consistency of both the dishes and the service."
3	Lacks atmosphere despite good location & tasty food. Great choice if you're in a hurry.
4	Late night Meze. What more would you like to hear?Oh that it's tasty? Yeah the food is good, maybe not *great* but it's pretty cheap. They stay open pretty late (3am I think!) and the food is cheap and cheerful. They also give you some tap water straight away, none of this asking for it nonsense. This kinda service pleases me!I haven't tried a huge amount of their food but i've been back since going and I'm sure I'll go again!
3	Mmmm... A bit disappointed given my fabulous experience in its sister restaurant, Hanams. The menu is a lot smaller than Hanams' - basically made up of a number of hot and cold meat and vegetable meze and then a much smaller number of mains. This wasn't an issue in itself as my family and I went for a late Saturday lunch and didn't necessarily want anything too heavy but it might be an issue for dinner customers who don't like sharing. For 3 of us we opted for a set price 6 mezes for 2 people (you can pick what you want but only 2 meat) and 1 lamb main as it sounded lovely and we felt greedy. All in all the mezes were ok. Tasty, and to be fair we did eat everything, but not up to the same high standards as its sister restaurant. The waiter highly recommended the marinated chicken wings as an alternative to a lamb and rice parcel i picked but they didn't have but these were pretty forgettable and a bit 'plain' really.  The much anticipated marinated slices of lamb and rice (i asked for pomegranate rice) basically turned out to be 'bits' of dry lamb on plain rice with a spicy sauce to dip. No pomegranate rice to be seen and never once through our entire meal did anyone ask how we were enjoying our food even though they were not busy. We'd taken 3 bottles of wine between the 3 of us (yes, my family are jakeys) so of course wanted to nurse the wine and finish every last drop before we left. This wasn't a problem at all to the staff and we never once felt rushed which i liked. There was a table of very tipsy elderly women next to us that had the same idea!!  After a digestive gap, we considered dessert. Now I'm not generally a dessert person but I do have a weakness for cupcakes, and with a selection of yummy varieties to choose from such as rose, walnut and pomegranate I felt it would be rude not to get one! My mum and brother opted for the baklava and the saffron ice cream which they shared. I opted for the rose cupcake which came with a small portion of rose ice cream (a weird combination but when in Rome!). The baklava was a crispy, honeyed hit and the saffron ice cream smooth and creamy, however my cupcake was stale and had the texture of bread! The waiter insisted they were freshly delivered but upon checking the batch, agreed the problem seemed to be with all the rose ones. I was given a pomegranate one instead which was ok but not great. I know good cupcake and this wasn't it! The location is ideal and the decor lovely. At night the candles and bright lanterns look amazing. The place is fine if you want a really casual sharing meal experience, with some byob wine or beers and you don't have high expectations. Next time though, i'd probably just go back to Hanams!
3	Been here twice and enjoyed the food both times. The falafel shwarma wrap is a must have! The most recent time we went though, we ordered a shisha pipe with apple flavored tobacco. It was not apple... It tasted like those jelly beans that nobody eats. The liquorice flavored ones. When I asked our server to try it, he just said no and promised me it was apple. I will definitely go back because the food was great but I will not be getting the apple (liquorice) shisha again.
3	I tell you what, I wasn't half worried about coming here given the number of lacklustre reviews. Well, from visiting here myself as the coven of C., I have determined that service is all over the place - from efficient (start) to eldest sister having to go up to the bar to ask for our orders to be taken (then we had 2 descend on us). I also made sure we asked for an ice bucket, as per Susan M.'s warning, so there was no issue there. But the important thing for me about Middle Eastern cuisine, is that it feels so much fresher than other places, and a perfect place to go on a humid, stormy night, and I wanted to try somewhere new, so threw myself into Pomegranate.Foodwise, we enjoyed everything - the only slight bumnotes were the tabbouleh - crazy levels of parsley even by tabbouleh standards, but flavour was a little lacking, and the sundried tomato and ginger tapenade - not so gingery as vinegary. But! a seriously delightful baba ghanoush, easy on the sesame, made up for everything. Naan bread, just so very moreish.For me, the halloumi was fabulous, slow roasted aubergine a hit with all 3 of us, the solitary meat dish (lamb samosas... as I can't spell soubbassek-thingy) a hit as well. Lovely falafel, although the hummus was forgettable. Sadly we were too full to try the pomegranate ice cream, hopefully another time.Decor wise it is bright, and the restaurant was heaving, even for a Tuesday. There were all round thumbs up by the witches three, so I am glad the reviews didn't cause me to turn away. In comparison to another favourite haunt, Empires Cafe, it's a more mainstream version of it's kooky self and a very welcome addition to the dining scene in Edinburgh. PS fourth star is only missing due to service inconsistencies, otherwise it would advance on.
4	Gosh, the food here was amazing. Could be my new favourite place. Tonnes of grub for a really good price, bring your own bottle, great location and buzzing atmosphere.I ordered the qozy lamb - two pieces of lamb falling off the bone, heaps of rice, naan bread and an aubergine, tomato and potato side that was beyond yummy. A huge amount of food that I just about managed to polish off.Dessert was baklawa - couldn't fault it and it came with a scoop of ice cream. Delicious. I'd have given this place five stars if it weren't for our seating location right next to the waiters' station. We had to endure an evening's worth of cutlery clanging and banging right next to our ears and waitresses bumping into our seats as they whizzed between tables and the station. If it weren't for that, I'd have given this place a five star. Will definitely be back, just not sitting next to the waiters' station!
4	Decent service, clean toilets and a very well-priced and tantilising range of meals/small portion combinations on offer. A nicely laid back and welcoming atmosphere is attained and I'm very glad to have now managed to have eaten here, having heard its praises sung for some time by a number of friends.
5	Really nice place, good food, friendly service. The chicken wings are fabulous and I loved the fattoush.
