3	An offshoot project from nearby Empires, Circus is a smart looking little bistro, with middle-Eastern influence, but a varied menu that extends beyond there. I only sampled the soup, which was OK, but I saw enough of the place to want to pay it a visit when I have a little more time.Overall, we said: "what I got from Circus was a good introduction. It wasn't fantastic, but I liked the look of the place, so will return next time I'm looking for a relaxed brunch style place."
4	I had my lunch hopes pinned on something a bit more pubby, so it was with heavy heart and bottom lip tripping me, that I was dragged in here for what threatened to be a healthier option.  Ha! homemade burger and fries leapt out of the menu, so retracted lip and replaced with sizeable grin and a bottle of Corona.The food was pretty good, the salads light and fresh with a  mix of dressings and dips and the burger well done.  Staff delightful, second guessing my move for a ketchup bottle to glide across the room and bring it to my side. The guys at the table next to us were tucking into an all-day breakfast which looked a real belly-buster and shows the diverse nature of this place.  It can flex from subtle dishes to real tummy ballast with ease.There's a small outdoor courtyard which looks like it would be lovely on a sunny day, so going to be back for more sooner rather than later.
4	nice little old courtyard to sit outside and enjoy a nice sandwich/breakfast. pot of tea is big so can be shared by 2!
3	Our teas, baked potatoes and burger were all good value for money. Service was swift but a smile would have improved it. Watch out for a character in shades and a technicolour dreamcoat though - failing to engage this drunk in conversation may result in some classist abuse (as he's no judge of age though you may lose ten or so years so it's not all bad).
4	I discovered this wee place last year when I was working at Paterson's Land venue just down the road,a dn it ended up being my favourite place to eat in a part of town that doesn't have a vast choice of eateries.Circus is just off the Royal Mile enough to be slightly less manic during the Festival, although it is handy for venues that are down that end of the aforementioned street, as well as the Pleasance. It gets fairly busy, but seems able to absorb pretty much anything that you throw at it, as I never saw anyone having to wait for a table. The 'people love us on Yelp!' sticker on the door was a definite enticement to enter too!The highlight of the space is the wee garden courtyard at the back, which is good for larger groups and I imagine would be heavenly on a sunny day; sadly I've always been on my own when I've visited and have never made it any further than the main bit at the front.The cuisine is varied bistro-style with a middle-Eastern slant. The menu isn't huge, but it's good for me as there are a couple of veggie and fishy options to try. The staff have always been attentive and friendly when I've been in and the service is pretty rapid even when they're busy.On this occasion I opted for the veggie breakfast, and was very pleasantly surprised with what turned up. No baked beans, for a start! Instead, there was a small amount of green salad. It still had the usual staples of veggie sausages (nice), mushrooms hash browns and potato scones (nice and crisp, not greasy at all), scrambled eggs (fluffy), and fried tomato - which I left as I'm not a big fan of those. Overall, one of the best veggie breakfasts I've had. The coffee's not too shabby either.
3	Went in for a quick coffee and dessert, and was somewhat disappointed with the range of choices. There were four slices of a carrot cake and a dry slice of chocolate cake. Now, I didn't go into the details e.g. gluten free, fat free, or other health considerations that might have gone into the insipid taste and the gloomy appearance.OK, so I'll give it this much. The place in itself didn't look too bad. It had a very cool, working on your Mac - sipping on coffee kind of feel to it, the location doubled the charm, and they played good music. So I am almost tempted to say I would go back simply for the ambiance or even the music, but probably get a piece of confectionery from some place else. The coffee was not too bad.
