5	I come to Z-Room a few times a month for yoga and Barre classes. I originally came to Z-Room after buying a very inexpensive Groupon, and I will be continuing to take classes here once my punch card expires. The owner, Krista, is so sweet and welcoming. She took time to get to know me, and always stops to chat with me before class starts. She makes me feel welcome in her studio. The studio is always very clean, and although small, doesn't feel cramped or stifling. It's perfect for small group classes. The teachers Krista brings in for Yoga and Barre are excellent as well, and I always love the way I feel after class is over.I would highly recommend Z-Room. The class schedule is excellent for those of us with full time day jobs.
5	I absolutely love this Zumba studio. It is the only fitness routine that I have consistently come back to, and most of that motivation developed because I have had such a great experience here. The owner is warm, welcoming, sweet and gives a tough workout (but there is a beginner class - don't be scared)! I LOVE that this is a local place and not a giant chain gym and the Krista has really built a small business that is community oriented and focused on creating an inviting atmosphere. I have also taken barre, yoga and Zumba toning - all of which I love. She only hires top notch instructors that really motivate and bring good energy.  From drop-ins to unlimited packages, it is all affordable. Krista is hands down the best instructor I have ever had and I am excited to walk in the door every time. Yay Z Room!!
5	I started trying Z Room with a Groupon I purchased and I immediately fell in love! After I'm finished with my Groupon I will continue taking classes here. The atmosphere at Z Room for the Zumba classes is so fun! The lights are all dimmed and colorful disco balls from the ceiling turn the studio into a dance party! It's a blast! The owner, Krista, is a lovely person and so sweet. She's also a killer instructor! I used to be a Zumba instructor and I'd hate to have a face off against her. She makes her routines fun, creative, yet challenging. Her prior experience is in dance so I imagine she always has new choreography up her sleeve. By far and away these are the best Zumba classes I've ever taken and for a great price.
