4	I am giving this place four stars because the staff there is wonderful.. Each person we encountered while there for our foster son were smiling and supportive. The social worker there made sure everything got set into motion so he could get the treatment he needed.The wait times here are horrible. Granted, anytime you go to an ER, you should expect to wait. However, because the place is kind of small, you will be waiting for a long time. There were a lot of homeless people coming in an out of the place as well. Which is fine except that there was a game on their (nice) TV. This led to a lot of screaming and yelling which would have been fine expect for...well we were in an ER full of sick, sad and even crying people. The wait room was also packed with people.If you have to come here then do so. They will treat your well here and you will get your needs me
1	Tempe St. Luke's deserves 0 stars for falsely advertising ER wait times on their website.  I based my decision to visit Tempe St. Luke's on the proximity to home and the "14 minute ER wait time" that was displayed in real-time on their websites:http://www.tempestlukeshospital.com/http://www.arizonaer.com/My arrival was just after midnight and I was not discharged until after 6am.  I did not make it to triage until 3am.  For 3 hours I was in the waiting area that was really in need of a makeover.  As I was waiting, the hospital website displayed various wait times of 23 minutes, 58 minutes, 31 minutes, etc.  The longest wait time posted was 58 minutes.  How can you tell me the longest wait time is 58 minutes when I haven't been triaged after sitting there for 3 hours?!?!!?  Diagnosis and treatment took another 3 hours but that can not be factored into the wait time.I could be wrong but I believe the wait time calculated is from the second time you are triaged.  Tier 1 your information and general complaint/symptoms vetted, Tier 2 is actual visitation with admissions nurse.  This means "ER wait time" advertised is NOT from when you walk in the door or even turn in your paperwork or get a bracelet, it most likely starts ticking after the triage nurse accepts you, but even then the time seems arbitrary.I felt bad for the staff as it was quite busy last evening with certainly more pressing medical emergencies than my own.  For most of the night police outnumbered the doctor 5 to 1.  There were quite a few homeless people seeking treatment as well.  The inside of the ER would have you believe you were in an inner city hospital in NY/LA.I felt the hospital staff was competent and made efforts to accommodate and went the extra step to comfort which was very nice given the volume they must manage with limited staff.  My doctor was competent, knowledgable, and took the time to explain my medical condition, treatment, and remedy.The facility is FAR from state of the art.  It's amazing the staff is able to perform at such a peak level given the inadequacies of the facility.  I've been to hospitals in 3rd world countries are more technologically advanced - NOT kidding.Tempe St. Luke's is a for profit hospital under IASIS Healthcare.  The keepsake name would probably lead you to believe otherwise.I can not believe I am the first person writing about the deceptive times the for profit hospital is providing on the websites to get people in the door.  If you are basing your decision to go to Tempe St. Luke's on the real-time "ER wait time" displayed, you've been tricked.  If you are looking for a state of the art facility, this place may have been it a decade or two ago and is the wrong place for you.  If you have an emergency and you need a place close to home with competent staff to get you up and going again, and can look past everything else, then you may consider this facility.Also beware Mountain Vista Medical Center and St. Luke's Medical Center Phoenix are IASIS Healthcare falsely publish the same "ER wait time" on their individual websites.
1	My family uses Tempe St. Luke's because it is very close to home but we will drive to Phoenix St. Luke's if we have to after how we were treated! My wife was having chest pains so we went to have her get checked out. We had our 7 & 5 year olds with us and we filled out paperwork and waited for a while (about 20 mins or so) before she went in to see the nurse taking vitals. I was sitting in the waiting room with one of our daughters that was a sleep so I was slower getting up to go with my wife. When i knocked on the door to go back there was no answer so I spoke to a admitting person to see if she could let me back with my wife and she said no because I had my daughter. I told her I have had her back there before when we have been there in the past but she still said no. I said ok and sat back down when my wife came out with our other daughter for me to watch and she went back and after a while had passed she didn't come back out like what we have experienced in the past.I knew because my wife was there because of chest pains that she would be admitted and then transfered by ambulance to Phoenix St. Luke's so I was ready for that. My wife then asked the nurse if we could come back to her bed to say goodbye and for us to workout details while she was in the hospital and the head nurse (the one who took the vitals) said that we couldn't be brought back because we had 18 people waiting with us and that was too many! We didn't have 18 people with us, we had myself and 2 little girls. Now there was a lot of people in the waiting area and many were latin (Mexican) and she made it sound very racist against people with families in the ER.My wife spoke to her (head nurse) and told her we are a family of 4 and that's it and to say what she said was offensive on all levels and if that's the way we were going to be treated then we can go to another hospital! There was no apology from anyone on staff and if this is how the medical staff at Tempe St. Luke's is treating people we will not be back for any medical services at all.So don't go there unless you like being insulted during a medical emergency or you have someone in need of care because surely won't get any care or compassion here and that's no lie!!!
4	Staff is great, management not so much. It's an Iasis facility, so if people think their problems will be solved by going to Phoenix St. Lukes, I say good luck with that.
4	2nd time we've had to make a middle of the night visit to the ER to treat my darlings migraines.As with any business, people are going to have their own personalities, and there have been some folks working there that leave much to be desired, however, the RNs and the Physician have been amazing!They promptly took us back both times, and quickly assessed the situation and administered medications right away.The staff checked in often and were very caring and empathetic toward my lady!Great place!
1	Ok, this is the worst hospital I have ever been to.Recently, around 8-9pm I finally called 911 for extreme pain and cramps I was feeling in my intestines that had not gone away for two hours. I was crying it was so painful. I had eaten some blueberries and I think that might have been it. When I arrived, I was rolled up in a gurney to the front desk where this nurse was busy typing into a computer. She said to me you will have to wait, I have forms to get done. I then sat there for a half an hour yelling in pain and nobody attended to me. They then rolled me into a room by myself and pulled the drapes around me as if I was bothering everyone. I sat in that room yelling and crying from the intense pain for at least an hour. I finally crawled out onto the floor and into the hallway because I could not take the pain anymore. The same nurse came up to me while I was on the floor in a fetal position and said "here, sign this". I said you have got to be kidding me, I am not signing anything until someone attended to me and gave me pain medication. She then said I should go back to my room because the floor had germs on it. I had to crawl back on my own. I saw other nurses and staff just walking around as if they could not hear my screams and the fact I was on the floor withering in pain. I realize there may have been others more in need than me but I swear I saw 3 elderly patients being wheeled around and they seemed calm. I finally had blood drawn and then the doctor took about a half hour before he came in and said we will give you pain medication. The doctor was just as uninterested as the nurse was. He never diagnosed anything. Nobody seemed to care except the one paramedic who brought me in and tried to comfort me after I got the pain medication, and I appreciate. When I was discharged, the same nurse said "how do you plan to get home?" I said I need a cab and she said "we do not provide that service". I did not imply the hospital had to pay, I just wanted to call a cab. I said I live on the same street Mill ave a few miles down the road. She then said I should walk home because they don't have cab information. It was 1am! Great service you guys. It was the worst pain I had ever felt and this was an emergency room. Do not go there unless you want terrible service and nurses that do not want to be bothered. Terrible for a hospital.
