5	I visited Harvest Moon Grille based on Helen Schwab's 4 star review in the Charlotte Observer. I was not alone, but it was worth the short wait. I had the Pork Belly sandwich and it was wonderful. The flavors were well melded together. Had just the right amount of the maple glaze and the pork belly ends were charred just right. My buddy's were wowed by the GGQ (The Grateful Growers BBQ) sandwich. Small sandwiches if you are used to the mega-calorie fast food behemoths, but just right to keep you coming back for more.Be sure to wash em down with a bottle of Uncle Scott's root beer.
3	I really like the idea of this food cart (using local and organic ingredients) and the idea of food carts in general so I went there during lunch time today.  There was a decently long line (a good sign).  There are only 2 options a day which would be fine if they did them very well.  They didn't.  The option I chose was italian sausague and tomatoes over smashed potatoes w/ ricotta cheese.  Basically it was a pile of mashed potatoes with a little ground beef on top.  There was very little flavor.  The entree comes with a small salad, but its in the same container as the entree so you end up with warm salad and warm entree instead of one being hott and the other cold/cool.Food alone, I'd give this place 2 stars, but I gave them an extra star for being, local, organic and a food cart.  I'll give them another try, though.  Maybe I caught them on a bad day?
5	Local, delicious eats from a food cart - I'm a big, big fan. I FINALLY got a chance to stop by Harvest Moon Grille and sample some of their delectable lunchy foods. If you're unaware, HMG usually parks it (literally) somewhere around the Trade/Tryon vicinity and doles out great, quick food all made from local ingredients. They offer two  different dishes each weekday and one very fresh side item. They even have a map on their cart with push pins and little flags showing where your food came from. I love that!They typically serve two different lunch options with a side for $7-$9 each. If you're thirsty they offer a few different beverages - a flavored water (fresca), bottled water or local soda. All delicious as well. When I walked over to the big orange cart (and stood in line) they were: Chicken Carnitas with a slaw of cucumber, squash + zucchini dressed with their own tatziki, sprinkled with Ashe County cheddar & Late Summer Griddle Cakes - okra, onion and basmati rice bound with egg whites and fried in a delicious patty. Topped with pear chutney. The side for either choice was chilled bulgar salad with cucumber and tomato.I went with the Summer Griddle Cakes....mmmmmm. They were fresh and flavorful - especially with the pear chutney (which was served on the side). The bulgar salad was a great, light accompaniment...perfect for summer. For two meals and two drinks it totaled $18.50 - a bit steep, but hubs and I are fine paying a little extra for all local ingredients. If you're super, duper hungry this may not be enough to satiate you (just keep that in mind). The order takers are super nice and friendly - they are genuinely happy that you are lovin' on their food. I adored Harvest Moon Grill and I'm excited to go back and try another meal pronto.
4	Really loved Harvest Moon Grille- 4.5 stars for me! The mimosa's are so good (maybe a little weak) but fresh squeezed orange juice really takes the cake. Coffee was strong and fresh as well. I had a breakfast burrito with potatoes.The burrito was awesome- had a mashed potato mixture in it and a little kick spice-wise. Overall really liked my food.The head chef came out and said hello to our table so that was a nice touch.Fresh and local absolutely made a difference- I'll be back!
5	Some of the best cart food I have ever had.  Really tasty, really original.  Their "real" hamburger is crazy awesome.  Cassie, the owner, is one of the sweetest ladies I have ever meet, and wish her the best.  Glad to see business is growing.  if you want healthy and delicious food in Uptown, this is it.
5	Wow. Wow. Wow. This is delicious. Absolutely incredible. I will eat whatever they want to give me.I cannot stop talking about how much I love this place. I just wish it was in Plaza Midwood or NoDa.
5	I took Ban Ki-Moon here last week - you know, the South Korean guy who leads the UN (we're hellatight).  We both had the Banh Moon sandwich and agreed that it was the tastiest creation we've ever tasted.  Then he mumbled something about getting back to NYC to slap some sense into Chavez and Ahminedejad.  This cart keeps me out of the hospital because normally I have to eat at Showmars and McDonalds for lunch and those are really healthy places to eat.  HMG is a great alternative.  Great people, great food.  I wish there was an HMG cart on every corner of every street in Charlotte.  I told my friend Ban Ki-Moon that this would solve more problems than the UN ever could.  And then he slapped me too.  Next time I'm bringing Kim Il-Jung.
4	I'm probably very wrong (typical), but I think Harvest Moon Grille is one of the originators. They helped start the "gourmet" food truck revolution here in the QC and they're still doing it as well as they were on day one. With a changing menu, a staple is still the carnitas tacos. Pair that up with a beer bottle of Root Beer and you can get one up Mecklenburg PD -  if they attempt to harass you for walking around with an open container of alcohol. Okay, fine, I cant lie, was a little scared walking with that bottle though.
5	I've eaten lunch at this food truck pretty much every day that they're out on Tryon. Their amazing lunch is often the highlight of my dull office days.You can find them at lunch on Tuesdays & Thursdays on Tryon about 20 yds from the Dean & Deluca, serving up better quality/more interesting food at about a third of the price! Long live harvest moon food truckery!
4	This cart features local and organic fare.  The pasture raised pork carnitas are fantastic.  Hands down the best food cart around Charlotte.
5	They are super friendly and love what they do.If you purchase one of their t-shirts for $20, you can get a free lunch when you visit their cart while wearing it. What a concept!!This is a great cart and will fill you with delicious meals. The pork taco is their staple dish and no complaints here. Their mission is to use local and sustainable ingredients. Big fan of that! Also, they take cash or credit. Follow them on Twitter @HMGCart to find where they will be next!
5	I love their Pork Carnitas! Thanks for bringing the cart to Pfeiffer University's Charlotte Campus.
4	Wow can you say the service is slow!  The food was good but be prepared for the service to be slow and unresponsive.  The buttermilk pancakes were good provided you didn't eat the middle of the cakes as it was thick and a bit doughy.  The edges though were pretty good.  My wife had the catfish and grits and said the grits were amazing.  Although we are Asian so take that reference with that bit of knowledge.  Great ambiance in the heart of Charlotte.  For those with kids this place is open before 10am for brunch and being in that area for visiting you won't find too many brunch places let alone ones that open before that time.
1	Though the service was very fast I have never paid so much for such a horrible hamburger.  I was not feeling well because I was so hungry so I ordered a plain cheeseburger.  Most of there burgers come with lots of toppings so I expected to get not be charged the $13 for a plain burger.  It was the size of a slider and the most flavorful part of it was the white bun.
