4	Lovely breakfast andwonderful service.  Theplace fills up quickly.
4	The best $5 breakfast you can buy - Beauty's on a budget! Usually filled with McGill students scarfing down "Le Place Milton," which is the best meal on the menu, including eggs, (very buttery) toast, and homefries. If you're hungover Sunday morning, this is the place to go.
4	Place Milton is the best cheap brunch you can get in Montreal.The place gets very busy, but i was lucky enough to live right next door so never had to wait.Portions are huge for the $7 you'll spend with a tip. It's the best sunday hangover meal you can possibly get.
3	It was fine.  Nothing to wet your pants about, but it's breakfast.  Typical diner fare, typical hassled waitress, apparent disinclination to repair washrooms that are out of order for whatever reason, etc..
3	This breakfast place is hit or miss. Sometimes the food is delicious and sometimes- well you don't know what you're eating, but the food is never undercooked and coffee refills are free, and it's the cheapest breakfast place closest to McGill University. On weekends and holidays, they serve all day breakfast, and if you're not lucky enough to go during breakfast time, they serve a mean cheeseburger for- you know, all the other meals. It's the perfect place to go when you're hungover, or when you wake up in the morning and decide that the chick next to you doesn't need to wear a bag over her head, and you want to get to know her.
4	Good basic breakfast. Not too fancy. If that's what you're after, this place is perfect. Lots of regulars.
3	PROS:1. I like this place for a cheap hangover breakfast. Hits the spot! Salty eggs, sausages, bacon + toast + refillable coffee. It's typical diner food and differs from Cora's in that there's no mountains of fruit, or healthy cottage cheese options and that's precisely why I like it (once in awhile). 2. The food isn't super gourmet or ground-breaking but it is homey and the resto itself is very relaxed. You could go eat there in your pajamas.3. Food is quick to arrive and service is friendly.CONS:1.Not a big selection of options on the menu. OVERALL:-A great place for a lazy sunday, cheap breakfast without frills. -Cheaper than Cora's but less healthy-I would recommend it to someone on a tight budget looking for breakfast in the Ghetto. It's not a place I'd pay $3 to take the metro for.
4	Incredibly cheap breakfast. Pretty good too.I had "Le Place Milton". Roughly $10 gets you 2 pancakes, 3 eggs, toast, ham, bacon and sausages. My over-easy eggs were cooked to perfection. The sausages were good. Pancakes are not the big, fluffy kind... more like mini-crepes.
4	I looove place Milton! Very relaxed ambiance and friendly service. The order are always super quick to arrive and the portions generous. We used to go to Cora on Park, Place Milton replaced it. More classic then Cora, it serves 'traditionnal breakfasts'. I totally recomand this place if you are looking for an easy spot for hard week-end mornings! The only downside to this place is that it is not spotless clean. The also have a nice terrace in the back to enjoy your breakfast in an intimate outside spot.
4	A nice and affordable spot for a filling breakfast. I ordered two eggs, toast, sausage, homefries, and coffee for under $10. My food arrived almost immediately and it was delicious. My server was also very sweet and attentive. I will definitely make this a regular spot of mine.
3	Decent breakfast place. Nothing special foodwise, inexpensive and excellent service but not a place for a food-lover.
4	Great little place to have breakfast/brunch!  Food was delicious. I had a smoked salmon omelette, and she had a 2-egg breakfast.  Very tasty and decent portions. Staff was VERY friendly and was happy to speak with us in English (not always a given when in Montreal). Pricing was also very good for the dishes received. This is a small mom/pop type shop, so decor was very minimal down to earth, not fancy, but well maintained and clean.
1	Tried to go here for brunch. Waited in line over 30 minutes while no one was clearing the dirty tables. Eventually we were told that they had run out of eggs. At a breakfast place. Awesome.Avoid it and go somewhere else.
4	Really nice little breakfast place! Recommend their bagel and pan fried potatoes! Also very affordable.
5	THE spot for breakfast in Montreal!  Monday morning we enjoyed the early bird special of $1 off between 7-9am.  Portions, price and service were all superb.
3	This is one of my favorite places to grab a brunch in the McGill ghetto. The waiting staff are friendly and quick. Seriously, great for getting a deliciously large brunch. They have a similar breakfast as to McGill Pizza, but with some some differences. The biggest difference is in price; although, only by a couple of bucks.Ok. So you're probably thinking, why rate them low if I also like the place? I'm giving a 3 stars and not more because... I have a bone to pick with them. If you want maple syrup its a $1.50 extra. I don't get what is with that actually! This is freakin' Quebec, and you're serving pseudo-syrup as if its deliciously magical. No thank you. I want the good stuff. On a more serious note, if you need some food to sop up that gut rot this is the place for you. Otherwise don't worry about traveling down the metro line for their "fine" cuisine.
4	Wow. First time in Montreal and could not have asked for a better breakfast. Not only was the food hot and delicious but it arrived in less than five minutes (it was off peak hours - but still!) and the entire meal including coffee was less than ten dollars. Service was friendly and the atmosphere was quaint. Would definitely recommend this place to any fellow first time montrealer. Only drawback is that you must request a Montreal bagel as opposed to a regular one! You won't regret eating here!
4	Great diner type food.  You get a good amount.  The waitresses were very kind to the eyes.Nothing else to say - come if you're in the neighborhood and want some great typical breakfast/brunch items, but don't make a trip out of it if you're in Laval.
4	How could I have missed this resto after living in Mtl for 4 years? Well, likely 'cause most of my McGillian friends have never come here. They should have. Place Milton is the place for hangover recuperation.Though, mind you, it's not a bad idea to read there alone with a coffee. Very inexpensive breakfast. I think it was around $5 for a basic breakfast combo of coffee+eggs+sausages/bacon+toast. Coffee comes hot and fresh. A soothing balm for an upset stomach. I would not recommend going with more than one person. There's clearly a solo or couple atmosphere. Heard it gets really full on weekends.
4	An oasis for downtown breakfast eaters drying out in the sandpits of Cora's and Eggspectations and Ben and Florentine's ruining basic staples like eggs and bacon in impressive ways because let's face it, how it is possible to ruin eggs and bacon unless you just feel utter contempt towards farm animals.It's a hole in the wall with your basic staples done right and cheap and greasy. It gives you hope. If only they weren't cash only. SQUARE SQUARE SQUARE https://squareup.com/ca/
3	If you're looking for a cheap, fast, simple breakfast place near McGill this is a decent option. The menu offers a lot of options and the staff is always very friendly and attentive. The food itself is quite greasy and nothing special, but in terms of quantity, you get a lot of food for the price. Quite good for hungover brunch on the weekend- although it gets busy.They also offer an early-bird special during the week, which is -$1 off all menu items before 9am, making it even cheaper.
