5	Although I am not permanently disabled, my injuries make going to the regular gym an experience in pain and embarrassment.  This place, affectionately called Spofit by its staff and members, CATERS to those of us with limitations.  There's yoga, water aerobics, an indoor running track, two basketball courts, a climbing wall, a room of weights and machines, two pools and a hot tub...and it's KID friendly.  There are lots of planned activities for the little ones and there's always the pool!  The two pools are kept warmer than average, but the smaller pool is called the therapy pool and goes from 3 to 6 feet, perfect for doing my warm up exercises!  The staff is always friendly, easy to talk with and ready to help.  You'll never feel un-able at this gym...you'll always feel surrounded by people who are moving and exercising at their own pace in a non-competitive and supportive environment.If you have a personal care assistant, that person can come free to the gym to help you.  The membership rates are very good with NO contracts!  But you can always come in for a day pass or try your first visit for free.  $25 a month for individuals, $60/month for families with up to 6 people on your membership.  The showers and changing rooms are gigantic and always spotless.  Also, if you want Watsu, AquaStretch or even help with crafting a workout plan, there are lots of opportunities for that too!  The only drawback is the hours...limited on the weekend...they're only open Saturday from 9-2 and not open on Sunday, M-F 6:30am to 9pm.
5	Last Wednesday, I went to the Disability Empowerment Center for a meeting. After the meeting,  my co worker has taken me a fabulous tour to the Virginia G. Piper Sports & Fitness Center for Persons with Disabilities.  This was like OVERWHELMING for me to see so many activities in the fitness center!  This place has everything to meet the needs of persons with disabilities to use the gym. I believe that this place is the BEST model for every gym should copy this place for providing the access for everyone to use the gym.  If you knew anyone who are disabiled and loved to play sports or work out, this place is the RIGHT place for them!  I left the meeting with an AMAZING feeling of this fitness center.  This would be a worth the trip from Tucson! For more information about this fitness center: http://www.spofit.org/
5	Positive: Went on a tour of SpoFit a few weeks back and I was completely wowed. What a wonderful facility. I do not know why equipment like theirs isn't standard in every national gym chain. It's more versatile and makes the gym more accessible to the community. Beyond the equipment, the facility (locker rooms, restrooms, hallways, flooring, etc.) is so well thought out. The facility is clean and new. The staff is friendly and enthusiastic. They offer a ton of classes and programs.     Negative: I wish more people knew about this place. I tell all my patients about it and encourage them to go with their entire families. It was a bit hard to find since it's clustered with a few other buildings.
5	A modern Haven for the challenged , this resource brings much hope, love, and Accomplishment to all who enter its open doors! Blessings
