3	My default late night dinner spot! I don't know why but it's freaking good! No problems ever. You know how some places are stingy with their sauce packets? Yeah, not here my friend! they hook you up! Default order: Beefy 5-layer burrito, Nachos, and Baja Blast! Think outside the bun.New sauces: Fire roasted and Verde! Awesome flavor!
4	Why am I reviewing Taco Bell of all places? It's because I patronize them more than all restaurants combined. It's my go to place for dinner on fly, the quick, "I'm STARVING to death, I need to eat NOW!" place. Sure they are certainly not the only place around us for fast food but they are the cheapest and most convenient (and IMHO the tastiest!)As of this moment they have brought back the Chicken Flatbread Sandwich. Chicken, melty cheese, chipotle sauce and flat bread - Yum. It's got just a bit of a kick, but it sure satisfies those evening munchies. I'm a big bread and cheese fan so I like the Nacho Cheese Chalupas. Yeah, I can go cheapo processed cheese and at the same time still like Camembert as well! Ah, and as far as cheese goes I am still waiting for them to bring back the Cheesy Double Beef Burrito. I think out of all their concoctions, that one is probably my favorite.This particular Taco Bell is very fast, has only messed up one of our orders once in the entire two years we've gone there and they are very cheerful. You will never want for condiments.
3	Taco Bell is always the last choice for a let night snack. But, when you get your food, you think what took so long.
5	I was sitting here enjoy my meal when one of the guys came out to do a floor check. And he came over to a couple he aplogized again for the delay in them getting order and proceeded to ask ih he can get them refills or anything else as if at a regular dine in restaurant. It was very refreshing to see someone so young take pride in his work. He did the same for me as well. Thank you Viet for such great service it is greatly appreciated. By the way great peacefull & clean location.
5	Great for late night Munchy...Had great service..:)
5	My favorite Taco Bell, it's conveniently in my neighborhood and they always remember me and my order. I love how they usually hook me up with a free drink too! The best Taco Bell
