5	I haven't had a Family Doctor in a number of years. Had I known about Dr Reed's practice then, that wouldn't have been the case. Dr Reed's practice is clean and welcoming and his receptionist is kind and engaging. Dr Reed himself is patient and listens thoroughly, while taking the time to understand and accommodate his patient's concerns. I would highly recommend Dr Reed and his staff to anyone looking for a doctor.
5	I've had chronic back pain for three years now. 24/7. Every day. All day. A Lot of pain. I've been to two other doctors that gave me x-rays, gave me pills, told me to do some stretches and even went through physical therapy for a few months. Nothing worked. I was told to visit another doctor by a co-worker, but that doctor wasn't taking patients and he suggested that I try Dr. Reed. So I did. Actually. My visit to Dr. Reed was because I was sick at the time, and I was only going to mention in passing my back pain to get some history going with him. I was diagnosed with viral flu for my sickness which was as expected. But in the same session Dr. Reed already found that one hip was higher than the other and made  a couple of adjustments and stretched me out. I kid you not, for two days afterward, my pain in my back has been reduced by at least 80%. I realize it's temporary for now as one session obviously isn't going to cure me. But now I am at least optimistic, especially considering that I was afraid I had a degenerative disease. Thank you Dr. Reed!
5	Without reservation, I give this doctor and his office staff five stars. Jennifer is great. She is kind, helpful, and reassuring. Myrna, the medical assistant, is wonderful. She is gentle and makes me feel at ease, which is not a common feeling for me in a doctor's office. Dr. Reed has been patient with me, and takes the time to explain information to me in an understandable way.  Going for medical treatment became a much better experience since I found this office.
5	We are new to the Phoenix area and I went to Dr. Reed based on very positive internet reviews I found including Yelp. I have to say I was extremely happy with my entire experience! Jennifer who I spoke with over the phone was super nice and their excellent customer service continued in person when I was seen in the office just a few hours later (yes he saw me the same day!) I was also very impressed that Jennifer made sure he saw me before the patient who arrived after me even though I was a new patient and needed to have my chart put together.Dr. Reed was extremely friendly. I never felt rushed and he was very thorough. I also liked that he has been to medical school in the last decade and is up to date on the latest standards of care and treatment. Overall, this was one of the most positive experiences I have ever had with a doctor. In fact my whole family will now be going to see him. One tip, because his practice is pretty new he is currently open on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays but as his practice grows he plans to add more days. Also his office is nothing special, but it was clean and frankly I am most concerned about getting good care and excellent customer service! You don't need all the extras when you have competent staff and are good at what you do. As someone who works in the healthcare field and has been around a lot of doctors, I can confidently say he is a top notch doctor with a terrific bedside manner. Highly recommended!!!!!
5	Dr Reed is personable, patient, understanding and the type of person that you will want to take care of you, your kids, and your grandkids. My wife and I have been patients for more than a year and are extremely happy. He has treated us for all of the things that happen to you in life courteously, efficiently and has a bedside manner that we sought for after moving back to the Valley a few years ago and losing our family doctor of 20 years. Dr. Reeds front office staff is very friendly and makes your paper trail process their focus to keep your time in the office brief and to the point.
5	I hate going to the doctor. I put it off until its absolutely necessary. But all that may change now that we have Dr. Reed as our Primary Care Physician. Dr. Reed is incredibly nice, very patient and took plenty of time to explain my condition with me. We even chatted a little bit about Yelp! His front office staff is really friendly and helpful, and I had almost no wait! I'm so glad we found Dr. Reed!
5	I don't like doctors. In my experiences, they have been too busy to spend enough time helping me, too quick to prescribe for symptoms instead of figure out your condition, they often try to treat symptoms for a condition even if they don't understand the condition instead of referring to a specialist who can actually help and I've had one tell me that he refuses to work with insurance plans for prior authorizations even. I'm sure there have been other problems with doctors, but you understand the reason I have been unhappy with them. I have, for years, been a self-treater because I avoid doctors. But now, I have too many issues! I need help, so I had to see a doctor. I just left this office about 15 minutes ago. I did tell the MA and Dr. Reed that I don't like doctors and why, so they would understand, in case I seem hesitant. So far, though, so awesome! My anxiety was high and I was shaking and nervous for the whole appointment, but (as it turned out), I had no reason to be nervous. Dr. Reed was very focused on me and on figuring out my issues and getting them addressed in the most effective and appropriate way. I felt like he actually cared about me and genuinely wanted to help me, not just "people", me. That's how I treat patients at the pharmacy where I work and I think doctors should treat patients that way too. He spent at least 40 minutes with me himself, not to mention his supporting staff who were just as patient with me and caring. Also, this new patient appointment was just made yesterday. I thought I'd have to wait a couple of weeks to be seen as a new patient. Anyway, very happy with this doctor and I'm not easy to trust them, obviously! Oh, and I showed up 15 minutes early as requested to fill out paperwork and I was seen on time.
