4	I didn't find any cute dresses here, but I did find a 2 wool blazers & a wool tie-back vest for $29 each.  I took a look at the regular price tags and they ranged between $139-$268.  What steals!!!  This location absolutely eclipses the one I've gone to at the Great Mall in Milpitas, CA.  Everything in the store is pretty organized, but lacking in all sizes (like all other outlets).  They even had great shoes for $29 - too bad they didn't have any in my size.  Bummerrrr!  Minus 1 star because of the long wait it took for me to pay.  I was second in line, but there was a group of 3 ladies in front of me paying at once for their bridesmaid dresses.  Two registers were available, but they only opened one.  Oh well, I totally scored with the 3 pieces I got.  They were definitely worth the wait!
4	I love BCBG... but they have yucky return policies at their stores... I usually end up finding my BCBG dresses at Nordie's if I'm not sure if I really want them or not... yes... I'm the Queen of Spontaneous Purchases. But this store was super cute and I found a few dresses that I really liked... thank god my Queenness was halted by the sheer lack of luggage space. (oh why oh why did I only bring one rolly bag!? Will bring empty rolly bag to Vegas next time!) The floor staff wasn't helpful at all, but the dressing room gal was super nice! She even went out of her way to go looking for my size in a super cute dress... unfortunately I didn't buy the super cute dress since she couldn't find my size. BOOOO.
4	I love BCBG!  And their outlet store was a great find!  I got a sweater for $19 and a a cute top for $39.  The only issue here is finding the right size.  I had to get a bigger top since they didn't have my size.  They have a lot of sale racks: $19, $29, $39, etc.  Some clothing looks like discards that didn't sell and others I remember seeing in the regular stores.  If you can find something you like, you can't beat the sale racks here!
2	Overcrowded, cluttered store. Helpful staff but merchandise felt extremely cluttered. Underwhelmed with the selection.
