5	Claire is a doll!  She came out to San Francisco to shoot our engagement and wedding, and the pictures came out BEAUTIFULLY!  She really captured the love that my husband and I have for one another.  She had an amazing eye for detail, and she really knew which camera angles made us look best.  We came away with a ton of gorgeous photos.  She's was very professional and she knew exactly what she was doing and she really went the extra mile to ensure that we looked our best during both shoots.   Her prices were a lot more reasonable then many other photographers out there, and the quality of her work was excellent.  Even the prints were a steal!   We were completely satisfied with every photo we chose to order, and I'm so proud to show off our pictures!  Highly recommended!
5	We love Claire! She did a magnificent job for our wedding and love how beautiful our pictures turned out. My husband and I were on a tight budget for our wedding since I had lost my job just a few months prior to the wedding and we didn't want to ask for help from any of our relatives, yet we were trying hard to find a good photographer to capture the most magical day of our lives. We had such a difficult time trying to find a good photographer than wouldn't break our savings, or that was still available for our date. I felt so fortunate to find Claire after calling over 2 dozen photographers. After viewing her online gallery and discovering her reasonable prices I was determined to get her. Her prices were not only affordable, but based on her galleries, we knew she was far more talented than photographers that charged her fees. She kept in touch regularly to confirm the full details and to try to get an idea of what my hubby-to-be and I were looking for. We knew we could only afford ceremony pictures and reception pictures would be a long shot, but even after spending over 2 hours at our ceremony location Claire went the extra mile and accompanied us to the reception at a different location and took a few extra pictures. She didn't demand a penny more even though she deserved it! She is professional, friendly, and has a beautiful attention to detail. When it came time to print our pictures we had such a difficult time deciding which ones we wanted hanging on our walls. We must have over a dozen wedding portraits/details plastered all over our home because we love them all so much. She made us feel so comfortable and we enjoy her work so much that my husband and I are really looking forward to having her hopefully photograph us again when we decide to expand our family and need some family pictures. ;-)  Thanks for everything Claire!
5	Claire is a professional on all levels.  The wedding photos she did of my daughter's wedding are incredible.  She is brilliant, kind and great to work with, and delivered an abundance of amazing pictures to us.  I cannot say enough good about her.  She also offered the best deal on engagement and wedding package ever. Extremely affordable.  She is the best!
