4	The newest addition to the 'Brass Monkey' family launched on Friday night, and it was a pleasure to be there to help them celebrate!This basement bar sits under 'The Argyle' in Marchmont, and has entrances from either side of the bar above. I know this place well, as we used to come and do the pub quiz here every week (although we've now de-camped to the Brass Monkey Leith quiz on a Monday!) and I've certainly never seen the bar as packed as it was on Friday!With it's low ceiling, comfy sofas, chunky wooden tables (some of them a wee bit wobbly by the way...that may need sorted!) and cosy candles, it's a great cellar bar and the music selection was varied and brilliant (Pearl Jam on a playlist always makes me happy!)! I also noticed a new giant television up one end of the bar, so I'm presuming there'll be great films on show as there are in the other Brass Monkey bars.The actual bar is small but there was a good selection of draught/bottled beers on offer, and all the spirits you may ever want. I heard tell there was a cocktail menu too, but didn't get the chance to try any on this visit.As for the toilets...there was only one and, because the bar was so busy, we quite often ended up in a giant girly queue. However, it gave us time to discuss how we were mightily impressed with the power of the new hand-dryer, and how lovely they smelled too!The Cellar Monkey is a perfect place to head for a drink, blether, and read of the paper on a cold winter afternoon, and it'll warm the cockles of your heart on a equally cold winter night! It doesn't quite have the same atmosphere that the other bars have, but I suspect that'll develop through time as they settle in and really make this bar monkey-tastic!
4	Get. In.Finally, a local bar that is actually close enough to be my local, and is awesome enough to make me want to keep going back. Done.The Argyle has recently been bought over by the Brass Monkey (one on Drummond Street, one on Leith Walk). Whilst The Argyle is keeping its name, it's now part of this local Monkey chain. And the downstairs bar, that used to be called something like 'Below', is The Cellar Monkey.I was there this Friday past for their opening night, and it was rammed. This is testament to how great the place already is.However, this is where perhaps the only less-awesome issue was. As a result, you couldn't hear the music too well, it was reaaaallllly loud and with not-very-good acoustics it was hard to hear each other talk. I mean, we're all used to being out in a busy bar and having to talk louder. But this was more akin to club territory. Probably the loudest bar I've been into. The bar itself isn't too big either so it was quite crowded to get into.I was back again on the Saturday night and it was much more chilled. Still really busy considering it was its second night, but this time it was just the right amount of folk. You could hear the music, it wasn't too loud with folk nattering, and you could easily get a drink at the bar. The drinks are pretty cheap (everyone commented how cheap their rounds were) and they have a brilliant Bloody Monkey shot.With a good selection of beers, and even some cocktails on the menu, all they need is maybe some food or a pub quiz and I could see this becoming a very regular spot of mine.So I think as this places finds its feet / paws (what is Monkeys have anyway?) it'll be an awesome place to go for a quiet mid-week drink, or even an afternoon gander at the papers, getting comfy on one of the homely couches. Or for quite a few cheeky pints on a Friday or Saturday, but still enough of a neighbourhood bar that it's not going to be rammed with the usual weekend crowd.It's definitely what Marchmont was in need of. Mon' the monkey!
5	How could I not love this place.They still have the good selection of beer and spirits that the other two Monkeys have. They have big comfy sofas, some awesome/funky textured wallpaper that I couldn't help but touch, they have cocktails, word on the grapevine is a Dr Paul Quiz, and just generally an ace space. Opening night. What a blast. And this is precisely WHY I am going to love this pub. I can buy myself a beer in the supermarket quite easily and still enjoy it, BUT the whole point of a pub is banter, chat, awesome staff and familiar faces. Which this place is chucking about by the absolute * bucket* load!!? In my opinion, businesses and places are made by the people, and for this reason alone the Cellar Monkey just cannot go wrong?!
4	So aside from the fact that I feel like I am stalking the barman, this place was fab. I had a few lovely gin and tonics with an GOOD amount of cucumber in each one ( true test to a good g&t ) and I was overly chuffed to see an amazing selection of classic games... I don't know what its like on the weekends but on a weeknight for a cheeky drink this place is a keeper. I had the nicest time & can't wait to head back to try downstairs ( question though... if boys don't know downstairs is there... and they don't use the ladies bathroom, how do they know it exists ) secret women's business maybe xx
5	So I've been back and I'm bumping it up to five stars.It was homely at first, in a put-together way. Now it feels like home. I can't work out what they've done to pull it together, but there's more furniture, matching couch sets that are actually comfier than my couch at home. Read: I may come here, curl up, fall asleep, wake up, make a little nest, hibernate like a hamster over the winter. It's that homely, and cosy, and just nice.There's a brilliant range of spirits behind the bar. When I asked for a bourbon, I was recommended a Woodford Reserve. I've hardly seen that anywhere and it was brilliant, just what I needed in my drink. The bar folk here love their bourbons, rums and beers so if that's what you're after, you'll get good recommendations.I also saw some AMAZING looking food come out of the kitchen. that's another new addition and one I approve of. Yes please!With the Dr Paul quiz on a Thursday, it's really the cherry on the cake to making this place my local. It's got everything I could want in a neighbourhood bar. Thankyouplease.
3	hmmm i have rather mixed feelings about this place.  i love the brass monkey in leith!  it's a fabulous bar that is literally a five minute walk from my flat and has an awesome pub quiz on monday nights.  but the cellar monkey, which is the newest offer from the brass monkey people left me wanting for something more....saturday night, i went along with a group of friends for some birthday drinks.  when we arrived the bar was empty save two people that were meeting us there.  this was saturday night at 8pm.... in a bar that is surrounded by student flats and has comfy sofas to sit on while having a drink.  i found this emptiness odd, given the area and the night and felt that the bar lacked an atmosphere.  more people did eventually come in, but save for the group of guys that sat in the corner the rest were there for the birthday drinks.  so either this bar isn't overly popular (which would be sad) or people don't really know about it.it would make me sad if this bar wasn't popular as it's such a lovely cosy wee spot that should be ideal for those students or non students living nearby.  there was loads of seating, most of it in big sofas or comfy arm chairs that gave the bar a bit of a living sort of vibe.  also plently of drinks on offer at a reasonable price with friendly bar staff.  so maybe this place is still bedding in as it's not long since it opened.  i'm hoping this is the case as the bar has great potential and it would be terribly sad to see it close due to lack of customers!
4	The newest addition to Marchmont's bar scene (ahem, get the sarcasm there?) and part of the Brass Monkey family, the Cellar Monkey is a welcome (and welcoming) haven.Hidden under the Argyle bar, the place is cosy with comfy sofas, wooden tables and candles.  It has a TV in a corner near the bar.  The bar itself is pretty small but there is a fine selection of imported bottled beers, a good selection of spirits and the prices are very much like the other Brass Monkey bars.When it comes to going for a drink in Marchmont, certainly the best place!
