3	Charlotte does not have an official arboretum, but the RibbonWalk Nature Preserve is about the next closest thing to one.  The RibbonWalk Nature Preserve is an urban forest that is fairly close to Uptown Charlotte.  It is near the intersection of I-85 and I-77 and about a 15 minute drive or a 30 minute bus ride from uptown.  There are about 3 miles of hiking trails and a few picnic tables near the entrance.  This preserve is a nice place for a leisurely stroll and has an old colony of American Beech trees towards the back.  The trails are not very difficult and are well marked, but some of them can get fairly muddy.  Near the entrance the trails run around several ponds where waterfowl can be observed.  There are some benches around the ponds, as well as a mossy brick walkway around the "Lower Pond."   You will see owl boxes further into the woods.  Near the northern part of the preserve is an open meadow area.   One of the negatives to this preserve is that there is a lot of airplane noise overhead, depending on which way the CLT airport is configured.  Get the trail map from the website.  There are no permanent restroom facilities and mountain biking is not allowed.  Dogs are allowed as long as they are on a leash.
5	I have only been here twice now but both times I have loved everything about it. I lived in the Pacific Northwest for a while so scenery is really important to me and so far in Charlotte this is as much as I have gotten. There are several paths there that you can walk, some small bodies of water and trees everywhere of course. Some of the paths are more obvious while others are in middle of the woods which I love. There is a cabin on the property and also a small newer covered bridge. We have been taking our dog and he loves it.
4	Really cool place, but not always the chillest people there.Its a step outside of the city, right in the city.  Some real deal woods, ponds, and paths to wander.  Nature at its best.Rarely do I see more than a couple other people here.  Which is good and bad.  If I was a single woman, I don't think I would go alone.  I have found signs of bums living in the woods.This place is beautiful.  Honestly, I have hesitated to write this review, as I want to keep it to myself.
5	So quiet and relaxing.  The only sound is the occasional plane overhead.  There's a picnic area with giant shade trees and a small pond with a seating area.  If you're super quiet and walk up to the pond you can see about 15 turtles sitting on a log.  Pretty awesome.  No big wildlife that I've seen but lots of birds, frogs, turtles, and small fish (mainly bluegill) to watch.  A nice piece of nature amongst the interstates and suburbs.
4	Chalk this up to most beautiful place in an unexpected location.Don't be confused by the locked gate when you pull in. Park in the gravel area and walk into the park. On a few visits I have encountered many deer so yeah, there is nature in this nature preserve. Great trails for running. As others mentioned I rarely see anyone else while here but there is a good deal of trash in the picnic areas so this place must be hopping after dark- I clear out waaay before then. Gorgeous place to get your nature on without traveling to the mountains.
