4	What a great way to see the desert! Our guide,Scout, was knowledgeable and made our experience so much fun. The weather was not very good, but we didn't even notice because we were having so much fun. Highly recommend this tour!!!!!
5	As soon as my in-laws announced their plans to visit, my husband started making plans.  Not because he's a planner, but because he didn't want to sit around and "talk" for a week.  Uh, they're his relatives.  Regardless, I got a nice jeep tour out of it.Wild West provided front door service and a great afternoon!  Our guide was entertaining and knowledgeable.  I even learned a few things about Arizona I didn't know!  The area we toured was beautiful, especially since it was Spring and we were not on the verge of a heat stroke.  The ride wasn't too bumpy, so even older folks will enjoy it.  I can't believe I just used the word "folks."  Another example of youth gone by.
5	We took the tour today with Scout and had a great time, he's very knowledgable about the area and the plants and animals you'll see in the Sonoran desert. It was money well spent. I especially liked that he went slow and we got I see so much of the cacti first hand. Not much walking around and the ride was a bit exciting at times. Would recommend to a friend.
5	So much fun!  My 5 1/2 year old son, 60 year old mom and I (41) each had an awesome time today.  Scout, our guide, greeted us at our hotel wearing a real gun!  My son was so thrilled right out of the gate.  After a quick introduction, we headed towards the Tonto National Forest which preserves a very large stretch of the Sonoran Desert. Although my mother and I are native Arizonans, Scout was like an encyclopedia of geology, botany, herpetology, environtmental science, and social science of Arizona and the desert.  Unlike a professorial lecture, he was entertaining and funny throughout the four hour tour.  Although we didnt see a snake or gila monster, we saw lizards, quail, hummingbirds, and hawks.  He was very engaging with all three of us and made my son feel included in the tour. We learned all about the local flora (cactus, cottonwoods) and how the area is affected by natural conditions. I particularly enjoyed his cholla cactus demonstration with his knife, a shed thorn and my mother's hand! At times, the trip was a little bumpy but my son was squeelling with the roller coaster ride.  Bring a snack but a cooler of chilled beverages is on hand. Scout helped us with some fun souvenir photos but we wanted to include him in the photos because he looked like a real cowboy with his boots, hat and vest.  At the end of the tour, Scout ceremoniously handed an arrowhead to my son as a keepsake. Such a professional and entertaining experience.
5	This was a great tour!  Our guide Walker was very knowledgeable and customized the experience to make it most interesting to our group.  A fun and scenic trip through the Tonto National forest with a lot of historical information.  Thank You!
