5	The spirit of St Francis is alive and well at this loving facility.  My papillon family and all the puppies have received care at this hospital.  Dr Drake even knew to have me take my mommy dog outside when removing the puppies dew claws so she wouldn't hear them if they cried.  And because some puppies can't be saved, I appreciated the courage it took to let me know when it was time to say goodbye
1	Does Dr. Drake think I'm an idiot?? He must! I took my dog in because of a bad tooth, which I told them ahead of time, and the first thing he did after putting teh dog on the scale, was to announce that all her teeth are bad, before he even looked in her mouth at all! Then after looking at her bad tooth, he again stated that all her teeth are "bad." After insisting on some clarification, it was established that 'what he meant by that was that the rest of teeth need to be cleaned. Bad indeed! What an asshole. And furthermore, I took her to another vet immediately, and then found out that that a vet can't really get a good enough opinion on whether or not a tooth has to be removed, until the animal is under anesthesia.  THEN the vet can make a good enough examination, and really make a determination.  People, you can do better, don't let your veterinarians treat you like this! They are not GODS. Ask those pesky questions, and don't put up with assholes! Your dog will thank you for it.
5	I love Dr. Drake and Carolann. You get small town service and care. He truly loves animals and Carolann is so helpful and sweet. I can't say enough about how much Percy and I love this vet.
5	I have been useing Dr Drake for over 15 years and recommend he and his hospital very highly. Our dog Barnaby, love Carolann so much, he jumps up on the counter to get his kiss when he walk in the door. They care about their animals and the people they serve.Thank You
5	Dr. Drake and CarolAnn are amazing!  They have been caring for my dogs for over 10 years now and I have never had one complaint.  They are always so happy to see my dogs and provide them with the most compassionate care.  I recommend them to any seeking an honest, caring, loving, empathizing and helpful veterinarian!
