3	The recently opened Capri Cafe serves up a mix of Argentinian foods and desserts as well as smoothies and small sandwiches.  There are still a few kinks to work out (No hours posted on the window, problems with the cash register), but in general it's a nice place to get some delicious dessert.  We tried the postres chaja ($3.99), which is a cake layered with meringue, angel food cake, whipped cream, and peaches, and it was light, sweet, fruity, and is something I would definitely like to order again.  We came here towards the end of their day (around 7 P.M.), so there weren't a lot of empanadas left.  Instead, we got some sandwiches ($1.89 each): some ham and cheese with heart of palm, and ham/cheese with pimento, which were like tea sandwiches, but larger, with crusts cut off, and layered with mayo.  I found the sandwiches to be too heavily mayo-based, which drowned out the rest of the flavors in the sandwiches.  We also shared a pineapple smoothie ($3.99), which was very flavorful and frothy, but pretty small for the price. The one thing that annoyed me was the owner of the restaurant talked ONLY to my husband, and did not even acknowledge that I existed despite inquiring about the different foods.  Maybe it's a macho Argentinian thing?  Not sure, but I was put off by that.  So will I go here again?  I would definitely like to try some of their empanadas and will go here again to try more of their desserts, but I will probably stay away from their sandwiches.
5	The empanadas and sandwiches are authentic Argentinian (which is a good thing). They are still getting settled in but it is very definitely something you cannot find anywhere else.
4	The owners are an Argentinian-Brazilian couple, so you can find both cuisines represented. There are tasty and light Argentinian sandwiches on the menu. Although they appear in boxes in the display, they are very fresh. The Brazilian cheesebread (pao de queijo) is a good appetizer and is homemade. They have delicious spinach, ground beef and shredded chicken empanadas. They cook the empanadas to order. Once a while they also have a spinach torta. The fresh juices are the best bargain for drinks. The dessert changes but they almost always have the Brazilian brigadeiro (chocolate) cake. They are very friendly and helpful. The place is very clean. I strongly recommend it.
5	Capri cafe not only serves Argentinian snacks but also famous Brazilian snacks. Most items on the menu are cooked to order (besides desserts) and it is also made from scratch, they use very good ingredients in their recipes, you can't beat fresh homemade for so inexpensive! I went there today and over indulged... I'm a tiny woman with a tiny stomach, but somehow I managed to try 85% of their menu. My tummy is happy as happy can be :) The sandwiches are AMAZING ($1.89-$2.09 each)! I had the "pimientos" and tuna, I could taste all the ingredients in it, it was very fresh and light. I also had the "pao de queijo" ($1.25 for 4 - famous Brazilian cheese puffs), and they were also homemade and cooked to order. I had the "postre chaja" for dessert ($3.99), it was the best dessert I've ever had!!!! Oh! and not to mention their smoothies ($3.99), they use all natural ingredients. This is my new favorite place, I honestly HIGHLY recommend anything!
3	My wife and I stopped in at the Capri Cafe, and we weren't sure what to expect.  We had picked up a copy of the menu beforehand, and were very impressed with the price of the sandwiches.  We got the ham and pimiento sandwich, the heart of palm sandwich, and a tiny chocolate dessert pastry.  Upon receiving our food, we realized that you actually only get a half of a sandwich per order; this was fine -- we weren't that hungry-- but we felt a little deceived.  As for the quality of the food, the sandwiches were both a little heavier on the mayonnaise than we cared for them to be, but were fairly tasty.  We plan on stopping by to try their empanadas, as those are probably what the restaurant will come to be known for.
5	This quaint little cafe was just what I expected! Friendly service, good food and reasonable prices. A friend and myself brought our Argentine friend for lunch and we all loved it! We had the fresh lemonade and freshly made meat and spinach empanadas. They were piping hot and delicious!Our Argentine friend loved the place and plans to return one day in the future to try out the sandwiches. Looking forward to returning myself as well.  Great customer service too!
1	I live around the corner and figured I'd give the place a try.  Since it is a cafe I assumed they would have a variety of tasty sandwiches to choose from.  Boy was I wrong.  They literally have 4 sandwiches to chose from and they are nearly identical.  3 pieces of bread, mayo, and egg are on everything.   They apparently think their clientele is made up of grade school children because they cut the crust off of the bread.  The sandwiches are pre-made, they just pulled it out of the fridge and gave me half.  Good luck saying "no mayo".  Who sells a sandwich by the half?  It had 3 pieces of bread, a smearing of mayo with pimiento on one side, and a razor thin piece of cheese or ham in the other.  When I saw how lame the sandwich was I asked for an Empenada too but they told me 10 minutes to heat it up.  I wasn't waiting for that, I was hungry.  The sandwich was average and even though he gave me a card to get a free sandwich, I will not be going back.They sell smoothies if you are into that.  But, they have the name "cafe" in the title so that is how they will be judged.  Poor excuse for a sandwich, plus no variety, plus no substance, plus no selection equals a disaster of a place.  Drink options are bottled soda or bottled water.  After eating the 3 bite sandwich (it literally could have been smashed into 1 bite) in the car before pulling out of the parking lot I immediately wondered where I was going to get lunch.  That is a bad sign.  There are way to many good places with variety, value, and freshness in the area to waste your time trying this place out.
5	So happy to find a place to get authentic Argentine empanadas! If youve never had them, check this place out. They make and bake them fresh when you order so it's a bit of a wait but it's definitely worth it. Reasonablely priced and the owners are very friendly.
3	Looks like they are closed for good.
4	To the person who dissed the sandwiches and food.Its ARGENTINEAN.Don't want a sandwich like that? Don't go to an Argentine Cafe.Duh.Im from Argentina, so personally, I was stoked to find a place with Argentine food. I will definitely be a regular here.So, to reiterate, if you want ARGENTINE food, then yes, go to Capri Cafe.The only thing they're lacking in are good facturas (pastries) and coffee.Aside from that they're golden.
