5	Karl and his staff were so helpful. I came in without an appointment, he ordered my tires, and had them installed by the end if the day. What a professional!
5	5 Starz all the way!!! Customer service and car service. And that's a lot coming from me. Don't believe me, check out all my other reviews. I don't play!I tip my hat off to Bobby the mechanic because in the end, he is the one that got my truck in tip top shape. Also to Ken the floater, Carl the Manager and Robert. These guys are amazing! I just got here 3 weeks ago from Colorado and my Goodyear in Colorado did not do me justice. I think they did their best but the shop is full of young 20 somethings who couldn't get the job done. I had gotten new tires with the old Goodyear back in October, 3 wheel alignments in less than 8 months & shocks and struts. All that and my truck swayed back and forth, shuck out of control at only 40 mph and honestly just felt like it was just going to fall apart. Ken got me a great discount on a new set of Silent Armors because my old ones were lemons (which caused all the problems), Carl has a heart and took care of me like I was family and they got me on the road and now my 2006 Pathfinder drives like new!!! I won't be going to anyone else in Vegas to take care of my baby and neither should you!
5	Very good customer service, Carl the manager was super friendly, was in and out in 20 min
5	Karl and his team fixed my flat tire 30 minutes before closing. Great service and no charge!  It's so surprising to have a place willing to do this service for free, presumably to build goodwill for a future purchase. I will definitively consider them when it is time for new tires!  Thanks Karl!
5	I went passed three other tire shops to go out of my way for this one to buy 4 tires.First of all, Matt answered the phone with such a lively and chipper attitude that I felt good heading down. Second, he greeted me with a smile and walked me through all of my options with clarity and patience. He set proper time expectations but was done way before expected. His team went above and beyond by add air to my spare tire at my request. Absolutely worth the trip!
5	This review is for the E. Sunset Rd. Store #104.  Ken was very helpful, friendly and professional in the way he helped me with my oil change today.  I had a question about the price that was advertised and my final bill.  He stated that my vehicle needed a higher grade synthetic oil. I would not have known that if I did the job myself.  It would have ruined my engine in the long run if I did the job myself.  Thank you Ken Douglas for a job well done. He even gave me a $15.00 dollar discount of the final bill for being a customer. Ron Ingel-Henderson, Nv.
4	I needed an oil change, a place that's reliable and affordable auto service shop. I gave it a shot, it wasn't bad, and staff were very friendly that's a plus. The only thing I didn't like was waiting. Took an hr an half or so to change my oil. I mean it was busy so..it's all good other than that it's a good shop. Its also very neat and clean as well. Definitely will go back again. Better than Wal-Mart I would say. Its cheaper too.
5	Moved from the east coast and failed smog inspection for o2 sensors. Was given an estimate and a ride to the nearest shopping center, after being picked up was told o2 sensor was rusted in but they were determined to satisfy me, apologizing and keeping informed as to the status of my vehicle. Although unable to repair my SUV that day Matt, the counter man who kept me informed and entertained all day,told me they were getting a special tool and again apologized.Day 2, they were unable to remove my sensor so sent my truck out to their personal exhaust mechanic's shop.  Finally, success. When my truck was ready I told them I was going to call a taxi. Karl, the shop manager, who is awesome, told me not to worry about a taxi sent one of his mechanics to my house to pick me up. Received my bill, not only did they stay true to their estimate, there wasn't an up charge for the exhaust shop.Will I return, ABSOLUTELY!
5	My family wanted to take a small mini trip to Logandale and I needed my oil changed. Every shop in proximity had over an hour wait time.This shop wasn't too far from me so I called and they said there wasn't a wait time so I drove right over. Matt was very friendly and I was in and out in 45 minutes. He said I should get my tires replaced but that I still had a few months before they give out. He wasn't pushy about trying to sell me tires or getting other things done to the car. I liked that.I will be back for another oil change and for my new tires since I did browse around and he gave me the best price. Overall great customer service over the phone and in person.
5	Amazing service here. Came in because of the yelp reviews and left feeling extremely grateful for the lengths they went for me. I came in on a Sunday, traveled last minute from California and was leaving during the middle of the night Early monday am. I knew I needed an oil change, so I came in. I asked them to rotate my tires and they did and found two of my tires were really damaged. They showed me the damage and I agreed I needed to buy new ones. They didnt have the ones I needed in stock and being that Monday was a holiday, they were saying Tuesday was the soonest they could have them. I told them my situation and they immediatley got on the phone w other shops. They didnt think they could do it, as all others were sold out also and it was Sunday(most shops were closed)They tried one other option (which was farther away then they would have liked) and went to get them for me. They went above and beyond to make sure my drive home in the middle of the night was safe. Definitely give this place your biz, they appreciate it and show you with how they take your cars needs seriously!
5	Went to three auto shop already but this one is the most out standing. First, Matt the front desk guy is prior military so he will answer your question straight no BS! The waiting time is so fast that actually im not done writting this review and my tire replacement is already done. Dont forget to ask for military discount if u r in the service.
5	I called Karl to set up an appointment for an oil change. The crew completed the oil change, rotated and balanced my tires and did a quick inspection on tires and fluids. I was in and out in about an hour. I used the Yelp $75 for $50 promo. I would come here again for oil changes and other minor auto maintenance needs again.Thanks Karl and Jason!
5	Fantastic customer service. I would recommend these guys to anyone and Carl the manager is awesome.
5	Very friendly and fast service. The staff was very pleasant, show'd issues had on vehicle to explain anything else that was needed. Even gave an extra discount then what was offered on Yelp. Will be back again!!
5	I was in need of an oil change and did a quick yelp search for something near my place of work. (My regular auto service place is on the west side) I found great reviews as well as an online coupon for Superior Tire & Service. When I called to check availability and make an appointment, Karl joyfully answered the phone and advised me to come on down and that there was no wait. Upon my arrival, I was greeted once again by a very positive and pleasant staff. Matt was very helpful and made the entire process a positive experience. I was advised of future service and maintenance that my vehicle will need, but NEVER was I pressured for the "up sale." I truly wasn't expecting a trip to get my oil changed to turn into a great way to start my day, but it was! Thank you Matt for your help. Thank you Karl (store manager) for having a great staff that not only provided top-shelf service but definitely made a new customer.
5	I have been a customer of Superior Tire on Tropicana for a few months, and I have consistently been impressed with their fantastic service. Karl does a great job managing his team, a team that works hard to accomplish whatever you need. Recently, Matt helped me out, and I was very impressed with his professionalism and honesty. I will be a returning customer to Superior Tire on Tropicana, and I think you should too!
5	Awesome experience here. Girlfriend blew a tire on the way to Vegas and we needed a replacement quick. We were recommended other places by the towing service, but they did not have warrantees or stores in california. We decided to look up other places and found this gem. Talked to Matt on the phone. He did a great job quoting me prices over the phone and the warrantees that apply per mile per tire. The great thing is that the warrantees apply to the good years in california. When we got there, we got a great check up by Matt. He didn't try to oversell us and told us how it is. We got the tires we needed at a great price. Keep in mind that they have a $75 value for $50. That's a great savings of $25. Overall, a very pleasant experience. Matt also informed us that he had to go get the tires from another store. He didn't try to hide the fact that we might have to wait a little longer in order to make the sale. I would recommend anyone coming here and don't forget to ask for Matt!
5	On my way to Vegas from Orange County, my back rear tire had decided to shred itself into pieces. Being stuck in the middle of the desert, with humid heat, by myself was not a great start of the trip already. After calling a tow truck service to replace the tire with the spare, the tow truck  had recommended Ted Wiens Tires for cheap tires. I was pretty exhausted and looked up Ted Wien - I wasn't impressed. So my boyfriend decided to look up other tire stores and found Superior Tire about 5 miles away from the strip. We called the store and the sales associate named Matt was extremely helpful over the phone. When we met up with Matt, he carefully inspect the rest of my tires. He was pretty honest on which ones needed replacing and which ones didn't. He was very reasonable, friendly, and approachable. This definitely turned my Vegas trip around. Now, I can feel safe about driving back to California and know that there's a nationwide warranty in case anything happens to my new tires. I would recommend people that ever needs tires replacing to come to this store. And ask for Matt! He will be able to take care of ya (:
5	Right as I walked in, I was greeted by a smile and was taken care of rather quickly! They provided me with all of the information I needed and what I loved MOST is that they didn't make me feel pressured to do something!I think Matt was the one who helped me and he was just the friendliest guy! I definitely recommend coming here! Fair prices and fair employees who know what they're doing. Great communication between all of the workers, amazing service overall. My car felt brand new!
5	I believe his name was Matt. He's really helpful! And genuinely nice! The staff here are always friendly and make you feel comfortable. Always come here for alignments, oil changes, and tire rotations
5	Just moved to the Las Vegas area and decided to try this place out based on the Yelp reviews. This was by far the best auto shop I have ever been to. The friendliest guys work there and they are clearly committed to helping you get the best deal, in the best interest of your car. I tried another chain up the street and was treated horribly, but Matt has restored my faith in a great car mechanic again. :) This is now the only place I will take my car in Las Vegas and I will be recommending it to all of my friends. Thanks guys, you are the best!
5	They have found themselves another regular customer!Not only is the customer service great at this place, but they know how to get the job done quick and professionally so that you can can get in, get out, and go on throughout your day with no problem. Hands down the auto maintenance service I have ever experienced!
5	Outstanding customer service! Called and spoke to Matt briefly on the phone and he was very friendly and polite. Popped in about 15 minutes later for an oil change and was met with smiling, friendly faces who couldn't have been nicer.Great prices, fast service, friendly employees, awesome customer service and an all around 5 star experience! Highly recommended!
5	Great customer service! Called and spoke to Matt. Very friendly and informative. I went in for an oil change & brought my daughter with me. They even gave her a coloring book & stickers which is a plus because it kept her busy. Nice little waiting area. Fast service. Very thorough with the results of the car inspection. Definitely coming back!
5	Went above and beyond for my mini. Helped me out when I was in a bind. Good and honest. Owner knows his bmws.
5	Awesome oil change deal and great customer service. My oil change took way less than an hour and I plan to come back!!!
5	Today my Mini Cooper needed a synthetic oil change so I called and was greeted by a very friendly Matt. He priced the oil change at $55.95 I believe. The mini dealer wants $69.95. Plus the mini dealer is 12 miles away. I've been coming here for oil changes and tires for the last 8 years. Not only because they are conveniently close to my house but because I always feel like I'm getting the best customer service and price. I'm always greeted with friendly faces and hardly ever have to wait long to talk to someone. You can watch football on their big 42 inch flat screen while you wait in air conditioning drinking courtesy cups of water.  I've never had a problem here and really appreciate all the hard work they have done on all my families cars. I recommend this place to anyone who wants quality service at a affordable price.
5	I came here to get my 4 wheels changed. My boyfriend called in before to order my wheels talked to Matt. He was really informative about prices and such (very cheap compared to other places). When I came in they greeted me and helped me right away. It wasn't busy so a plus for me. I was expecting to pay like 460 for all 4 wheels but it ended up being 415 plus an oil change with 50 for 75 on yelp and a check in 17 oil change on yelp as well. Saving money is a plus!! Come here and get your new shoes and oils!! Definitely coming back! Thanks matt
5	When I walked in around 4PM, I was approached by a super rude man who acted like I was a burden for coming in to get a oil change.... Karl who was next to him immediately cut off the rude man and said he would be happy to service me... That right there is fantastic customer service. ****The manager Matthew has reached out to me and apologized... Thank you again for your amazing service. 5 stars ****
5	This crew is highly talented. This store handles high volumes of business and yet still proper pay attention to you and care for your needs. They also sell products without pushing the sale because frankly the product sells itself with outstanding deals on rims and tires. Mike and Karl are AMAZING. They are great at what they do and have great attitudes.   I'm in customer  service and truly care for my customers as it is reflected continuously through customer feedback. It's very nice to see these individuals care as much as I do. After all, our customers allow us to pay our bills! Thanks a lot gentlemen and I'll see you soon!
5	Receptionist was very nice.  Nice clean place. The television is a plus. Very happy with the service, so I will be back!
5	When you are faced with so many tire/repair stores as we are in Las Vegas, it is difficult to know which one to choose.  A few months ago, I was told by my car dealership that I needed new brakes (Oat $200 per brake no less) and tires.  Because the dealership was so expensive, I decided to shop around.  I came across Superior Tire and they not only had a great price, but Matthew, the manager, told me I prob ably had another 6 months left before I needed tires and brakes.  I appreciated the honesty, so I returned in 6 months and had the job done there. As an added bonus the price was less than 1/4 of what the dealership would charge.  This is a place you can trust.  The staff is friendly and honest.  I highly recommend this place.
5	Great service . Jason is very profesfional, friendly , courteous , and seems to know what he's talking about .
5	Came in tonight, a Friday night, after 5pm and the team was more than happy to accommodate me and my car for a Synthetic oil change/tire rotation/etc. I called ahead and the gentleman I spoke with was more than forthcoming with the coupons they have available, which was more than I can say for many auto spots. Overall, quite pleased with my first experience here. :)
1	If I have zero star,  I wanna give zero.I was traveling and I ordered a tire yesterday.I need to sleep one more night in vagas, to wait tire. The guy who give me a horrible experience, Steve, did not get tire and he told me he could not let me know because my phone number is wrong. He didnt even apologize me. It was bullshi*. After I talked with district manager , Steve called me and apologized, finally. I will never go there again.
5	Very helpful, skilled and courteous staff. Not in it to squeeze every dollar from you. Instead try and steer you towards the best available solution.
