3	Got to try 'em at the employee preopening...and was satisfied.Tried 'em a few days after their grand opening...and was satisfied.For the price, I am just not seeing spending money for the product based on quality or quantity.  This stuff certainly will stop hunger.  For the price, I just cannot see spending this instead of making it at home.  If it were somehow beyond what I have found on the street, maybe I could see the price difference.
1	Just don't.  Some airports offer good food.  Others don't.  You'd think one could find excellent Mexican food in the Phoenix airport.  This is what I settled for.  I'd rather go hungry than try it again.  To be fair, this was breakfast, but the eggs & bacon wrap I ordered left me feeling heavy for hours.  It just didn't work.
3	Adequate if not exceptional. Breakfast Bacon egg croissant was soft n fresh but seemed a little greasy. Painted with butter perhaps. Fairly filling and at less than $6, a good value for airport food.  Can order and pay at kiosk. Not instant but reasonably fast as apparently cooked as ordered.
2	The portions are small, the food is expensive, and the seating options could be pretty bad.  The only up-side to this place is that you can grab a beer before your flight.The quality of the food isn't bad - but it's an airport.  They're charging you a lot for a little, and it's because they can get away with it.  Also the person who waited on me seemed grumpy, which I can understand given the setup they have there.
4	For airport food I give Pei Wei a four stars but it would be closer to three outside the airport. We had the teriyaki chicken fried rice for $8.35 plus an extra &1.00 for the fried rice. It had a bunch of veggie, chicken and plenty of teriyaki sauce. The portion size is pretty solid and can be shared by two people if you aren't too hungry. The price isn't really that expensive compared to a $4 Greek yogurt or other extremely overpriced options.  The service seemed nice and it will take about ten minutes to order because it is made fresh so FYI if you are in a huge rush for your plane. They are open late until 11.
3	For 'Asian Fusion' food, and in-airport dining, this is a nice touch.  Have dined at other locations outside the airport and, while portions are a bit smaller and the menu limited, still a pretty good value and very tasty.Had the Steak Fried Rice and it was excellent and freshly prepared.
2	I was very happy to see Pei Wei open at the Airport.It was really a big deal. Since all the other Asian restaurants shut down there.Major disappointment.First of all ,only a few items to choose from. Which maybe is understandable, since they need quick food ready to go.However, it is mostly all the really fatty foods. So I got a salad that was pre made.High price, but I know it is the airport.I had to wait for the girl to come to ring me up. She was angry and not happy to be there, and way too  busy talking to the other workers there about their personal life.That drives me crazy, plus I was the only one there at that moment.The 60 seconds that it takes to ring me up my order, should not take away from your personal chatter.  Plus I had to ask for a bag.When I did eat the salad it was full of white lettuce and the spine of the lettuce. Why do restaurants always do that now?The spine of the lettuce should never be in the salad! Ever!!I will say and mean it, I will never visit this place again in the Airport.Because, I really like Pei Wei normally.
2	Please get me to a panda express, stat. Pei wei is on the low end of fast "Chinese "food which is a terrible category to be at the low end of!I enjoy real Chinese food, but had low expectations for this restaurant and was still disappointed. I had a beer and the spicy chicken entree. spicy is a total joke because the only flavors in the dish were sweet and sour sauce, almost definitely out of a jar, and salt, lots of salt.The food was pretty bad and cost $16 for one entree and a Miller lite. It's an airport. What can you do? Eat somewhere else! The Lady at the register was very friendly though.
2	The "Spicy" Chicken was not spicy at all and was served luke warm. I ordered a small drink only to find out they only have soda to choose from - no iced tea. They directed me to the bottled drinks for the iced tea and all they had was sweetened choices. So, it was a disappointing lunch. Too bad because Pei Wei is usually good outside if the airport. They did have gluten free advertised on their menu so that was a good thing - hence two stars.
1	The WORST airport food ever. Girlfriend got the Mongolian Beef. I got the Beef fried rice. They truly stretched the definition of BEEF. Both our dishes looked questionable. I gave up on mine less than halfway through. My girl had some of mine...flight attendant on the plane walked by and asked her "is that beef?" No joke.Unfortunately, my girl threw up as soon as we got home to Vegas. If you make the flight from Phoenix to Vegas...WAIT till you get back to Vegas to get some grub.
2	I was starving and went Pei Wei - it was lame, here's why:SLOW cooking (this could mean it was fresher, though)NOT TASTY :( Big portions were good, though!
1	There's a crowd of 20 people waiting for food and have been for 10 minutes. One girl's order was messed up and they've taken 10 min to fix it. A customer was angry and the cashier just yelled back at him. Food might be decent but service is atrocious.
4	Not very quick, but they sell a decent sized box of fried rice for $3! Great for staying on a travel budget if your willing to sacrifice the meat!
3	not very big serving, but the vegs were crisp n fresh, chicken tasted goodsemi slow service line, just dragged Im glad they were there though cause I needed a proper meal and not filler crap.
1	I don't think I will ever eat at Pei Wei again, not because of the service (which was terrible- took 15 min to make a chicken fried rice dish) but because the veges that came with were basically RAW. I had RAW snow peas in COOKED chicken (DRY as hell too) with asian sauces and cooked carrots. That just made it taste horrific. The spicy chicken was overly dry, there were only like 5 pieces of it anyway. I was expecting it to be at least as good as some generic kung pao Americanized chicken drenched in artery clogging goodness but no this was just a dry + small portions of artery clogging disaster. It just tasted old too.Not to mention I paid about 10$ for this, I much rather have 2 items from the McD dollar menu, which also would have been served in the fraction of the time.If you're ever deciding between Pei Wei and Panda Express, ALWAYS go Panda. Christ.
