2	I like Babies r us but whenever we go to this one there is always a long line and workers just standing around.  Like they will only have the return line open and then the other workers will be standing on the side chitter chatting...very frustrating exspecially for a sleep deprived woman of a new born standing in line just trying to buy some necesseties.
3	I cannot believe I'm reviewing a Babies R Us. Came here today with my friend to help her finish up her baby shower gift registry. She was conveniently able to register for most of the items on her list from home and just wanted to finish up by finding all the rest of the things she needed on her list. Service was relatively pleasant. No one seemed to go out of their way to help, but they were helpful enough. The store is pretty organized, albeit a little boring. There never seem to be very much variety as far as color schemes or anything, but I guess that pretty typical for these types of stores. All in all, we had a relatively pleasant experience here, but I can't say there is anything that I couldn't find for cheaper, or even cuter at Target or Walmart.
1	Can't find the item I was looking for, although it shows there were 3 on hand. Customer service is a joke! I can't believe what I heard!! "I can't help you, I am about to head to break." WHAT?!! WTF!! Check out line slow. I guess I am going to take my business elsewhere next time. I can't imagine anyone who want to shop here, especially the expectant mom with a toddler waiting behind me in a slow check out line.
4	I've been to Babies r Us multiple times in the past month. The last time I was in there I ordered the crib and the dresser. There aren't many choices to get baby furniture in Vegas and I found the set that I love here. Babies r us has a good selection of furniture for those with any budget. We just happened to purchase the baby's furniture when they were having the big gift card sale. I worked with many of the sales associates and the supervisor, Kristine, was super helpful. I had questions about car seats and strollers and everyone was super helpful.The store is so big that it can be a bit overwhelming, but I recommend going back multiple times to complete your registry/shopping. If you sign up for emails there are coupons that you can use also (just beware of the exclusions). Overall, I think babies r us is definitely a winner for parents.
2	Sales are a joke. The clearance was only 20% meanwhile the same things at another BRU on Northwest was 50%. I guess their rent is much higher here. They have good amount of selections but the prices is not so hot. I'll be shopping at a different BRU. Thank you very much.
1	I dread coming to this store their customer service sucks here!!!The only reason I even return to this store is because its literarily 4 mins from my house so its purely for convenience. Don't bother asking any of the teenagers that work here for advice on products they will look at you like you asked them to find a cure for cancer just way to hard for them. Oh and if you find furniture online that says its available in store don't bother trying to get it in store I can guarantee it wont be there. If you like having managers recommend products that the store is actually sold out of and then waste your time looking around the store for 30 minutes this is your place. If you like paying $20 for an outfit then seeing at carters outlit mall for $6 this is also your place. You get my point please avoid this babies r us I refuse to shop here again I don't care how close it is to my house ill drive the extra 10 or 15 minutes for competent customer service.
5	I love BRU. The only thing that this place doesnt have that some of the bigger ones have is a photo studio. OH cant forget the nice BRU team members. They are all very helpful with getting you what you need if it is not available on the shelf.
2	Wish there were more baby supply places near my house than this place. The customer service really STINKS! We were going to purchase a pack & play set and asked the manager if someone could collapse everything for us and he basically told us no one was available to assist. Real nice... We were going to also purchase furniture at an earlier visit but when we wanted some questions answered the staff member "huffed" and rolled her eyes as if we were taking time away from her stocking diapers! Jeeze!! This place would sell a lot more items if some of their employees actually cared about the customers, disappointing...
4	What can you say about this place?It's baby stuff.  The most baby stuff eva.  In fact, if you want to check out a wide variety of baby stuff, this IS where you go.Things to note?  Some of the items that sell out here actually can be found at Toys R Us.  Yep.  You heard me right.  They sell baby stuff there too.  It's crazy, but I think the "R Us" are out to get us hooked on... you got it: baby stuff.In general, if you sign up for the card, and shop the sales, it's somewhat comparable in price.  It's also very difficult to find the very nice stuff outside of here, but you'll probably pay for it.  Variety is what makes this place.The manager is pretty friendly and he went out of his way to give us the discount that was marked but the computer wouldn't put it on the screen.  But beware.... this is... baby stuff.  Your screams are muffled under the waves of play yards and diapers caddies.
5	Babies R us is awesome! Let me start off by saying that babies R Us doesn't carry everything I'd like, and they ate expensive, however the customer service at this location is great. There is a guy who works there named Alex who is very nice and always thereto help. No matter what you need he will run around and try to find it, even if you say they are out. He checks back stock for you and even will help keep in touch once your product . The other location is nothing to be desired but everyone here is friendly. I do wish that they carried a bigger variety of some items, for instance camping backpacks to carry your baby in, or nicer baby diaper bags, earths best diapers by the case and travel mobiles, but despite the fact that you can't get those things in the store, you can order them online. Also, this location is clean. I've had to use the restroom there multiple times for me or my baby and I've never been disgusted! I'd give this store a 5 star rating. No business is perfect, but considering the staff gets minimum wage, they sure treat you as if they have full benefits and have stock in the company!
5	This is "as good as it gets!" for BRU. Great staff, always friendly and it's clean! What more can I say?!?! The only place where I get my usual baby stuff.
2	This store does have almost everything for babies. However, prices are higher than Target or other retailers. Additionally, customer service is non existent at this location (rainbow). Expect to pay more and be patient waiting in long lines.
3	Another love hate store...Pro's-basically everything you need for baby is here. maybe not the biggest selection of each product, but they have enough to get you by or give you an idea of what to look for on their website.-easily laid out to find what you need-baby registry is easy to do-location and hours are convenient Cons-staff knows nothing about products. I know they don't make much so they hire clueless teenagers, but maybe they should hire a few mommies who know about other mommy needs or give their staff some training-customer service usually sucks. took 20 minutes and 3 people to complete the baby registry gift bag and answer a few questions-prices are sky high compared to other places like Target, Walmart, Amazon where you can get the same items
4	Just like any other pregnant woman this is my go to store. I have gone on weekday mornings, weekday afternoons, and weekends. Let me tell you the best time to go is on weekday mornings any other time of the day is WAY TOO BUSY. I will never go on a weekend ever again unless absolutely necessary. Customer service can be really good or really bad, so like I said go on weekday mornings lol. Also take advantage of their 20% off coupons it can save you a lot when it comes to high ticket items.
1	Absolute worst customer service... The staff knows nothing about products, how to be friendly or even how to ring items and sales up.  So glad my friend's shower is over and I can direct her to shop at target for baby needs instead... Disgusting how this store is run
4	I love this store! Even if they are pricey, they still carry the most varieties and choices for your babies' needs. I could get lost in time just shopping here. It could be a a good or bad thing. Lol. I also love their rewards program and they always send out coupons. I definitely would come here for baby's stuff.
3	I like Babies R us and Toys R Us however, their items are way expensive unless you're lucky enough to find great deals because you can buy the same shit at Walmart (for example) for alot less.So, came in today to pick up some bath toys I had bought online and the wait wasn't too bad, I think I waited about 5-7 minutes due to them having ONLY one person at the register. So, I get to my car looked at the items and one of them was a return because it was all taped up. NOT SOMETHING I LOOK FWD TO WHEN I BUY SOMETHING ONLINE.
5	I don't usually shop here since I don't have kids but I have been in a few times for gifts.  I came in today looking for a humidifier since I saw one online that had some pretty good reviews.  The guy that helped me navigate my way to the humidifiers was helpful and friendly.   Nick was my cashier and he was also great to deal with.  A good experience...now hopefully the product lives up to it's great reviews.  I recommend this store.
2	Nice location and kind cashes.  But, horrible services from backside of employees in the store. They were texting when customers asked something.  What a rude attitude!  Even they did not watching customers,  only watched their phones.
5	had an awesome employee find me a great gift for my cousins baby.. she didnt point me to the most expensive items either. i would of been in there for hours if it wasnt for her, wish i would of got her namethank you again
