4	I'd say this place is pretty hipster.Not just "alternative," like all the edgy people you can muster in CU come here - it has a real hipster attitude.But I still love it.All the beers. All the liquor.The excellent beer garden.The good tunes.The creepy room upstairs for shows.Cheers!
2	Blah everyone always wants to go to Mike and Molly's when Guido's and Blind Pig and Boltini and Cowboy Monkey are too full (that makes it, what, the fifth best bar in Champaign?) and I always get sad because it is so gross in there.  I guess maybe I was turned off the first time I went there when there were two port a potties, like, scaffolded on to the front of the building and like some homeless guys living in there?  That pretty much sums up the mike and molly's ambience for me, perma porta potties with homeless guys living in them.They have a really, really great booze selection; a million beers, awesome bartenders every time I've been there, and a ZERO skank factor, but the grime is too much for me.  Even downstairs.  I went up stairs for the first time last night, hoping that when I got up there it was going to be some kind of comfortable hipster paradise, but instead I was just faced with a bunch of bacterial colonies in the shape of barcoloungers.
5	None of these other reviews do justice to this bar.  This is the best spot in downtown Champaign overall.  Blind Pig has more character and better drinks.  But historically, Mike Murphy has the goods.  The place is not filthy, it's just not clean.  It's not meant to be clean.  It's a place to go to have great talks and times with your friends, and to see the newest and most up n coming bands before they hit the real stages in town.  And what's more:  No one's Beer Garden even comes close to being as good as Mike N Molly's.  Not even in the realm. This place is grand.
5	Mike & Molly's is an old neighborhood bar from before downtown Champaign got all revitalized.  It wouldn't be described as "posh" or "immaculate."  It doesn't have a wall of giant flat-screen TVs so that you can watch whatever ESPN reruns at midnight on a Friday.  (What's on then anyway?  Ping pong?  Curling?)One might, in fact, call it a "dive", pointing to the graffiti in the bathroom or the random collected detritus behind the bar.  But this dive has a great beer selection and a huge whisky selection, and it's cheaper than the soulless yuppy bars down the road (yeah, I'm looking at you, Guido's.)The bartenders are friendly and the atmosphere is mellow, meaning it's a great place to hang out and have a beer with friends.  It's especially great in the summers when the students are gone - there's just enough people on the beer garden that it's fun, but not so many that it's overly crowded.Many nights, you'll find me at the end of the bar chatting with friends when I'm back in Champaign.
3	Mike & Molly's seems like a decent place to grab a drink with friends, but it didn't strike me as being anything special.  I liked sitting outside on a beautiful night, and appreciated that I could hear my friends over the music.  I was also appreciative of the staff member who asked a guy who was being obnoxious and bothering us to leave.  To me, this place was incredibly cheap for the selection and quality of beer they offered, but then again, I'm used to drinking in Chicago, and paying for it accordingly.   And heads up, apparently, there is a cover charge (a whopping $1) on nights without live music.  Makes up for the cheap beer, I guess.
4	Nice, off-the-beaten path spot.  AWESOME beer garden.  Nothing beats it on a summer night with a group of friends.
5	Mike & Molly's is my home base in Champaign.  It has a good beer selection and a great Whiskey, Scotch, and spirit collection.  Plus the prices are reasonable (try finding another shot of Midleton whiskey in town or elsewhere for $10).  While its selection of beers on tap might not be as extensive as the Blind Pig which is just around the block, they are always fresh and change out more frequently.  And then there is the music.  There are few other concert venues in Champaign or even the state that compare to Mike & Molly's when it comes to a summer beer garden show.  Its an outdoor show in an intimate setting with great beer and it always sounds good.  On the nights without bands the DJs play a variety of music that is always fresh.Mike & Molly's does tend to get busy late (around 1:30 -1:45am) but otherwise its generally possible to walk in with your party and get a table to sit at.    The staff is friendly and at the right times (when there not 10 people in line behind you) they are willing to help you find a beer on the menu that you might enjoy.
3	It was empty when I got there to meet up with some people, but did get crowded as the night progressed.  The beer prices are on the wall, so they stay the same.  But depending on your bartender, the mixed drink prices changed throughout the night, which I am not a fan of.  It means someone is adding a little extra on for themselves.  And there was a definite difference in how much liquor each bartender put in.  In my opinion, both were pretty weak pours.My friends ended up having to pay a cover for the bands, which was not fair because we didn't even venture upstairs.  Take the cover price upstairs for those that are actually going to see the band, not for those who just want to hang out downstairs.  They have drink specials Sunday - Thursday, but none for the weekends.
5	Many of my friends prefer the Blind Pig, but Mike & Molly's will always have a very special place in my heart.  For the four years I lived in Champaign, it was my go-to place for a beer on the way home from campus, a quiet divey place to hang out and do homework, or the place to go with my coworkers after the coffeeshop closed.My review is obviously colored by the many, many nights of hanging out with friends or dates or both, so take my five stars with a grain of salt.  My partner just sleepily informed me that it's definitely a four star bar because it's too small inside, but the patio's great.  I'm sticking with my stars, though, because of the great and always-changing bottle selection, bartenders who are just as friendly (or not) as you want them to be, and the bar frat, which still seems like a random idea to me.
5	I really like this joint. The beer and whiskey selection is extensive, the best part is that it runs from cheap to expensive so you can drink what you can afford depending on the night. The place has a good dive feel, dark but not terribly seedy. Usually a few interesting characters hanging about, definitely a different feel from a lot of the other bars in the immediate vicinity but in a good way.
4	Three words: Killer Outdoor Patio.Love the patio.  Love.  It's fabulous.  It's pretty much perfect for going to get a late afternoon beer in the summer.  From what I saw, the tap selection isn't very big, but the bottle selection is....and everything is on the higher end of prices for Champaign.  This alone would cause me to just head over to the Blind Pig instead, but...but...the patio....it calls to me....
4	There really isn't much to do in Chambana on a Monday night... except improv at Mike & Molly's!I missed most of it, but showed up in time for a song about swine flu, then was called up on stage for their final bit... A Day In The Life, it might have been called? Anyway, they asked me questions about my day, then performed it back. The group was very talented and hilarious, so I'll for sure be back for them!Even if the improv hadn't rocked, there's still karaoke after! (And ever since someone performed Just a Gigolo, that song has been stuck in my head...)
3	surly bartenders and foamy guinness.what's not to like?
4	Mike N Molly's has a great atmosphere on the outdoor patio, a surprisingly good beer list, and decent specials. Yes, brews on tap could be more plentiful, but it's as good as Champaign gets if you're looking for a beer garden.
5	Love this place, another one of my favorites in Champaign. The beer garden is hands-down the best. Yeah, Cowboy Monkey's is good, but it always feels overcrowded, Blind Pig Brewery can be too empty, this one feels just right. They've got good specials, and awesome live music. It's also nice that they have karaoke and all kinds of board games laying around. It's a very casual and chill atmosphere. I really like that it's kind of hidden away from the central downtown area. Definitely check it out if you haven't yet.
4	Mike and Molly's certainly isn't a fancy place, but I wouldn't call it a dive bar either. It's a nice, comfortable, homey kind of bar. It's the kind of place you go when you want to chill out with your friends chatting at the tables of playing one of the board games they have laying around. Monday nights they have Karaoke, which can also be a great time.Beer selections are written across two huge chalkboards above the bar, as are their whiskey selections... both of which are expansive.They have an epically awesome beer garden in the summer.Sometimes, they have live music upstairs which is hit or miss. They also have an improv group that performs up there but I've never seen it.They have a lot to offer! Check this place out.
4	Great outdoor seating and bingo.Good beer selection.
4	I've just moved to Champaign and even though I've only been here a few weeks, this bar makes me feel at home. It has a very laid-back atmosphere, with your combination of students and working adults. If you're hoping to shake your booty on the dance floor, this isn't the place for you. But if you want to sit back with friends and enjoy some non-overpriced beverages, this is the place for you. Even if you go there alone (which is what I do, because I don't know people yet), chances are that you'll meet cool people (provided you're not shy).The specials are quite cheap between Sunday and Wednesday. Thursday through Saturday requires a cover, but it's only $1, so can't complain there.My only gripe is that the beer garden could use better lighting.
5	Despite the fact that I came in second place, two years in a row, in the annual mustache-growing competition, I will give Mike N Molly's 5 stars.Mike N Molly's has an excellent beer selection, an excellent whiskey selection. It is perfect for coming in really any (or every ?) day of the week with friends, with a book, with an able finger to play the Megatouchforce. Their beer garden is excellent. Once many years ago I saw Andrew Bird play in the beer garden and it was magical. Sometimes a dance party happens.If you live in Champaign you should make this place your regular bar, probably. It gave me so many really crucial memories and I guarantee it will do so for you as well. I will always stop in here if I am in town. I came of age here in many ways. I blame all the drinking I did here as a 25-year old for keeping me so youthful now that I'm 30.
4	This is one of my go-to bars in town, but not really because of any of its amenities.  It's simply a comfy, small bar where I can get a good, cheap beer and probably see somebody I know.If you're there on a particularly busy weekend night, you get a mixture of overflow from other bars, making for a fun scene (especially if you're a people-watcher).  Dancing will probably break out.If you come in on the night of a show, you're probably gonna pay $5, usually going down by $1 as each band finishes.  If you arrive after the show, they'll ask you for a slim dollar for the DJ.  Free admission on Mondays, because it's karaoke night.The bartenders are always really nice and contentious of people standing behind the bar stools needing to order.  I even had a bartender recognize me and say hi outside of the bar.  (No, that does NOT mean I drink too much.)Their beer garden is roomy and secluded, with the bar on one side, and an ivy-coated wall on the other, dampening noise.  Lovely.
5	Decent!
3	Very laid back and chilled for the most part. A small bar area inside with a large patio outside. They usually have some live music a few times during the week. Very enjoyable.The beer and service is good. Quality is not bad. Sometimes an old tap, and there is not a lot o turnover on some of the better bottles. Though a small grip. There are a handful of taps. Things rotate, but I have found Port, Founders, Goose Island etc. Tons of bottles from all over. US micros and imports from around the world.Overall a nice place to relax and have some good beers with friends. It is a good place to see some live music as well (on the right night). While not my go to place in Champaign, always a fun time when I get around to visiting.
2	I came to Mike N Molly's to see a relative play in his band. I got there late and there was no seating. Across the street a building wall  is painted in chalkboard paint and people are allowed to draw pictures and write whatever they want. I liked that there was no cover charge.
4	This is one of those places that I wish I went to more often. Mike N Molly's is a pretty awesome little hole in the wall bar near Seven Saints, and while neither the whiskey selection nor the beer taps are as intense as other bars, there's a really large amount of diversity. Mike N Molly's wins major points for having Strongbow on tap (which was a super-exciting find) and a couple good bourbons on the wall every time. Last time I ordered a glass of W.L. Weller, which I can rarely find in bars, and never in little niche places.The beer garden outside is also pretty sweet, as the inside can get a bit crowded. They'll often have live music outside, and it's a really great venue for it; off the main road with lots of space so you don't feel crowded. This is a great spot for spring and summer.
4	Mike n Molly's is a great time for those looking to enjoy the variety that Champaign-Urbana has to offer. The gigs are almost always entertaining and the staff is very responsive and friendly. It's a nice place to go with a small group of friends and have a few, or even dance on Saturdays. As a college student, I think it's fantastic for my new friends that Mike n Molly's lets them in at 19+, because it's a real bitch finding other bars that do that.
4	Great bar with outdoor patio, cheap micro brews, and an upstairs music venue that has some of the best sound I have ever heard for a room that size!  I have got the opportunity to play here 3 times now and every time was great!  The staff are super nice and professional and they give you half off drinks, and 1 dollar tall boys when you are playing!  The drinks are cheap anyway!  They have a great selection of Micro-brews that range from 3-5 bucks a bottle which is insane!  The same beers just up the road in Chicago are 8-9 bucks!  The patio is huge and perfect for hanging out and chatting with your pals, although this night it was cold so the bar was pretty full of folks!  The music either happens outside or upstairs and I must say, it's a perfect size intimate room for a great rock n roll show!  Keep up the good work Mike N Molly's!
3	This place is ideal in the summer when there are outdoor shows. They also have a decent selection of beer and liquor. They don't serve food which can be annoying for an early evening show. Also, depending on the night, this place can turn into an utter sausage fest with all kinds of creeps creepin' up all over any undefended lady.
