2	So after the billet bar finally closed Bar 350 popped up and I hoped they would get away from the wannabe biker bar that billet was and the wannabe crowd that always hung out there.  Unfortunately my hopes are not going to come true.  Inside not much has changed and the crowd is still the same as well from what I saw on Sunday.  I hope this changes eventually cause it's a great location right across from RnR and the prices for drinks are cheap.
1	I saw a sign when this place first opened about showing the UFC fight so I assumed they would do that again this last weekend.  I meet some friends here and even called ahead to make sure they were showing the fight and the girl who answered the phone said yes for sure.  So we arrived an hour before fight time and sat down and the waitress said you aren't here for the fight are you? We said yes we were and called ahead and she said they were not going to show it.  She offered us a free round for the inconvenience but that is not something I was looking for as my intention was to watch the fight and now we had to rush to find a new bar to view the fight at.  So this pretty much solidified my views of this bar and I doubt I will ever be back.
1	it says 'dive bar' on the sign, but plays deafening techno music to an empty room on a Saturday night. no tables where you can sit with friends. we wanted a dive bar and it's not, it's just a shitty small club. But even if I forgave it for not being what's on the sign, there's nowhere to dance if someone wanted to. So, not sure what it's trying to be, but it's not working. I felt so bad for the bartender, she was really nice. She turned the music down slightly and the guy working on the computer kept cranking it back up. So loud it was difficult to order a drink without hand signals from someone 1 ft away. Really strange.
2	Amy M.,at least you were asked if you want a drink. I went there with a friend on a Sunday night--a slow night--and she stood at the back bar for literally 10 min before someone came by to take her order. At least 3 people behind the bar were just chatting with customers and totally ignoring her. The gal who finally took her order said she had just checked in for her shift. Whatever. At the old Billet Bar, you were asked for your order as soon as you sat down. But those were bartenders who were actually interested in earning money I guess. If you actually want a drink try the front bar where there's real service.
3	1 star for not being the 'typical' Scottsdale bar 1 star for cheap drinks1 star for a cool chick at the front barIf you're looking for a place to warm up with some cheap drinks for the evening then this is a good starting point, but I wouldn't suggest making an evening out of hanging here. I love dive bars, and I love me some bikers, but there was no eye candy for either guy or girl here and the music is just god awful. But I will say it was a nice surprise when i went to order a Pinnacle whipped cream vodka and Diet coke beverage and found out it was .50 cents for women on Thursday nights! Score :)
1	This place was awful! First they have someone out front spinning a sign to get u to come in who resembles Large Marge from Pee Wees Big adventure. Gross. Once inside there was a stale smell of vomit and desperation. The waitress was dressed like a hooters girl but in white with pink shorts. I have to assume she worked a double that day due to how dirty her tank top was, like pig pen. We ordered 2 cocktails..vodka cran, and grape vodka soda..total was 18 bucks...what are in vegas? No in vegas there are distractions to keep u from knowing you are getting ass raped for an ounce and a half of well vodka.
