1	This place is a must see on the casual bar tour of Scottsdale. Enjoy yourself at the bar or sitting in the high pit in the back. Atmosphere is a little shaky at first, don't get their too early or it will kill your beginning evening buzz. The bartenders knocked off a star. It seemed as though one bartender was really fantabulous while the otherone was a little off his game. But I digress. Give these guys a shot, because I know I will. Drinks were great, best dirty martini I have had since I started the "Dirty" path. They also had Johnnie Walker Black which was a nice change from the usual Red Label. TVs mounted on the wall can keep your boyfriend busy or some foreign guy you are trying to avoid. Smoking inside and there is a cute bar outside for those who crave the outdoors, :)Like I said before this place is great for your tour of Scottsdale bars  Catch yourself enjoying a good time at Drinx!***I  must amend my first review. Remember I said I would go back only because of the awesome bartender? Well, we wandered into Drinx for a Friday night of Girls Night Out. I had 6 total BEAUTIFUL, Drop Dead Gorgeous Girls with me. The wonderful bartender loved our group and was treating us very well with drinks and mixing up a storm. Apparently there was a miscommunication with the new bartender who relieved his shift, this miscommunication lead to one of my BEAUTIFUL girlfriends becoming upset and storming out of the bar. What is my whole point in this? The not very cool or very businesslike general manager of the establishment made our group assume responsilbiity for the special treatment we were receiving. Excuse me?? She had no idea about good customer service or customer retention!! Good LUCK Drinx, I hope you can manage to keep business, because we aren't going back!!!!!
3	Ok, so Drinx is the kind of place that I always walk by and say "Who goes to Drinx?" Not too many people, apparently, which is why I have even heard whisperings of it not being around much longer. Here's what's redeeming about it though: there are nights in Old Town where the party bug has bitten, and everyone and their friggin mothers are out at the bars. On those nights, after a few bars all you'll want is to take a breath and be able to maintain more than a 20-second conversation. For those nights, Drinx is where you want to be . . .
4	Perfect atmosphere. Red and dark! Very classy -- though usually not too crowded... which is what I like... easy to get in, and great place to drink and talk. Great freaking cocktails! They are adding a new dance floor and DJ upstairs soon too...*UPDATEWent here again recently and enjoyed myself immensely. There were about 20 folks chillin' here on a Thursday night and it was great. They also brought back food - lots of cool appetizers to chow on.
4	If you are into unique martinis, fun creations that offer a little more spice than the usual cosmo or chocolate martini, you will find them here.  The bar is hip, modernized with plasma screens dotting the black walls, and red cushioned seats and bar stools throughout.  It is a great place to start the night, sip some fun cocktails at the bar, or sit on the patio, listening to a great mix of music.Though I have not sampled the food, I can definitely recommend the martinis.  My two favorites are the Dirty Girl Scout ($8) and the Angel Food Caketini.  The girl scout is basically the thin mint girl scout cookie in a martini glass. Bailey's, Creme de Menthe, Dark Creme de Cacao, and Cream, combine to make this a special treat for the taste buds.  Even more divine is the Angel food cake, which has stoli vanilla, pineapple juice, liquor 43, and frangelico.  Other truly unique martinis include the sangria, (red wine, brandy, gran marnier, apple and peach pucker, pineapple and orange juice) Effen Blossom, (effen black cherry vodka, creme de almond, lemon juice, sweet and sour) and the Basil Mai Tai (light and dark myers rum, pineapple, orange juice, amaretto, peach schnapps, and fresh basil)The bartenders are very attentive, knowledgeable, and friendly.  Catch them when they are not so busy (which is generally any time before 9pm, or during the week) and they will entertain you with their martini savvy.Also, Drinx has specials all week long, and are open Monday through Sunday. Sundays: the $8-$10 martinis are $4 all day long! imports are $2Mondays: $4 martinis from 9p-2a, $2 imports 4p-7pTuesdays: $2 Drinx from 7p-2aWednesdays and Fridays: $4 martinis from 4p-7p, $2 imports 4p-7p, domestics $1.75Thursdays: $4 martinis 4p-7p, reverse happy hour drinx 7p-2aSaturdays: same discounts, but from 4p-9p
