3	Star is littered with t shirts that reference popular culture, with the odd tourist hoodie thrown into the mix.With the Robert Pattinson poster peeking over their dressing room doors and hoodies covered in green skeletons, this is definitely a store for the young scene shopper. There's a lot of low priced gimmicks and 80s style bubblegum shirts that all seem geared at the tween age group.They have a decent seleciton for girls and guys, with the guys range veering towards "lazy student" slogans while the girls t shirts lie in either Camp Jacob or Edward.They have some loud plastic jewellery for kids, bags and really cute Japanest starry earmuffs if you're feeling the cold. So although it's aimed at a younger audience, occasionally you can find a gift for a friend. I bought an awesome pair of legwarmers in here once which I loved, but admittedly I wouldn't wear them now since I feel like I'm too grown up to be lurid.I came across a Barbie Is A Slut t shirt in Star the other day which I thought was a bit dated and naff, but then I embarrassingly remembered I used to own one...! So while my slander of Barbie's good name is laid to rest I'd recommend this shop to teens. And they did have some cool Transformers hoodies for big kids who don't have to grow up just yet...
2	T-shirt's central is really what this store ought to be called!  Star clothing clearly specialises in t-shirt's which are either a hit or miss with the customers, and for me they are mostly a miss. Most of their clothes seem to be targeted for teenagers with naff slogans and there are a fair few 'emo' style clothes in Star as well. Although having said that, I did buy a lovely purple dress from Star a few years ago which I wore quite a lot, but I think it is probably too short for me to get away with now.  Their clothes are well made and good quality and are on the whole not too expensive, but some of the more edgier t-shirts are a bit more pricey.   Star also sells a wide range of accessories including bags, hats and rather chunky jewellery.
4	Star, situated on North Bridge, is one of those places that you will tend to walk past and not go into.  However, it's definitely worth a look.  It's primary focus is t-shirts, with walls full of them.  They mainly tend to be film quotes, funny quips or other pop culture references, and so if you're looking for 'normal' clothes, then you may want to look elsewhere.  Price, in general, is OK for what you're getting.  The shop seems to be aimed, as Lauren says, to the more teenage end of the market.Their stock is not limited to t-shirts though.  There's also a range of dresses, hoodies, and other things to kit out any rebel youth.  The music playing (loudly) in the background is a reflection of the clothing on offer as well.  I have yet to actually make a purchase from here, but find myself drawn in to peruse when I walk past.This shop's like Marmite - you'll either love it or hate it.  Indifference is not a likely reaction.
3	As some of the previous reviewers have also noticed, there is certainly no shortage of t-shirt shops in Edinburgh, particularly in this part of town.Star stocks tees and hoodys with clever, whitty slogans, offensive sayings, silly jokes and of course, Scottish themed hoodys too for the tourists.This kind of shop isn't really my style, but if you're looking for a fun tee then Star is your place.
3	'Smells like teen spirit'Forget the grunge style adopted by Kurt Cobain and co, the teens of 2010 seem intent on looking like a mob of Skins and Twilight characters. Handily, Star stocks most of the garments the teen wardrobe requires from skinny jeans and hoodies to sweaters, floral dresses and literally dozens of colourful tee-shirts with sarcastic statements and graphics. For those teens that prefer Glee to Skins, they sell sunglasses and leg-warmers.
