1	First of all, please forgive. I have been AWOL for the past...months!!! So many changes in my life have happened--mainly the "career" aspect of it--that I haven't had the chance to catch up with the "social" aspect. Okay, I jest...I've been going to happy hours left and right that I haven't had time to even write a single review for the past few months. Hey, at least I know that the first step is acknowledgement that I have a slight problem.Anyway, I work in downtown Phoenix now...and let me start off my new batch of reviews with the NASTY.Here it is in a nutshell...101 Bistro is a waste of precious, precious real estate! From what I've heard, this restaurant has re-incarnated itself a few times, and each time, the owners can't seem to get it right. It was lunch time and this sheltered suburbanite decided to step into what seemed like a very cool place from the outside. 101 Bistro has a corner, sidewalk patio where you know want to be seen with your patent leather high-heeled shoes, your Chloe Paddington bag (the fake one, of course), and maybe your pouffy, yappy dog, while sipping tea and munching on the most decadent chocolatey cheesecake. Well, I didn't possess any of those that day, so I opted for a table inside where the lunch atmosphere was the typical "blue-tied gentlemen and women in ubiquitous polyester suits (not that there's anything wrong with polyester)" all intently examining the mysterious brown leather-bound portfolio, acting as if they have some top secret shit in their hands. You know the kinds.Anyway, my lonely self found a corner table and began looking at their lunch menu that is supposed to be served fast enough to get you back in the office on time. I decided on the gyro--with slices of meat, shredded lettuce, diced tomatoes, onion and then drizzled with a Mediterranean yogurt sauce wrapped in a fresh, warm pita bread (is that what you call the bread?). Oh it was served super fast alright, too fast that the warm pita bread was not at all warm and the thin slices of meat could use a little more nuking (oh please don't tell me that they only grill their meats...if you have to serve it quick, I'm sure you nuke it). The meat also needed more seasonings (Mediterranean seasonings preferably). Ooooh, and that yogurt sauce drizzled over it? Water-y and bland.So, my lonely self was forced to never let go of the pepper shaker throughout my dining experience and peppered that crap out of that gyro just to give my taste buds some kind of sensation and pleasure. Then I had a thought! Maybe...just maybe...I should order some kind of dessert to make my lonely self feel all better deep inside. But alas, I looked at their refrigerated display case where their desserts are housed, and sad to report, I couldn't really see inside because of the major condensation on the glass! Their frickin refrigerated display case was not working up to par; there was a pool of water on the floor (meaning: the ice is melting); and there are rounds and rounds of cheesecake and other dairy-filled goodies in there waiting to be saved!!! IN THE SUMMER HEAT!!! Uhhh...I don't know about you but, improperly refrigerated dairy desserts in the Arizona heat is a no-no to me.Sadness filled my heart for 101 Bistro. It has the potential to become the hip happening lunch place to be seen, especially when the light rail is up and running. But hey, the service was fast...so fast that they forgot to give me my iced tea (until I realized that I was choking on the bland gyro) and my eating utensils (until I realized that I needed a fork and a napkin to wipe off the watery yogurt sauce dribbling down my chin). Sad!
4	Having a 3 hour break between classes at ASU downtown gives me and my girlfriends plenty of time to try new restaurants a couple times a week.  I must say we had a lovely, lovely experience at 101 Bistro. We sat outside on the patio and people watched for about 2 hours in the sunshine, listening to their surprisingly good overhead music, and eating incredibly satisfying Mediterranean inspired food. I loved that there is ample outdoor seating and everything was reasonably priced  The pitas were warm & delicious, and best of all they were not stingy with the feta cheese, which is one of my pet peeves at Greek restaurants. The baklava looked incredible but we were far too full and lethargic after all the food and sunlight. The only reason they lose a star is because the service wasn't too stellar, which is pretty bothersome seeing as there were only 2 tables taken in the place.  It's a good thing we weren't in any hurry because it was definitely drawn out meal. All in all it was a very nice experience and I will definitely be back.
4	In search for late breakfast/early lunch, we started to walk around the downtown. We found a couple of places that looked "okay", but passed by and decided to try this "Healthy Mediterranean" restaurant. We were so hungry that right when we sat down, we ordered the Hummus Platter, which we regretted after looking at the menu (lot of dishes came with hummus), but was very glad we ordered it. (Came with 3 different hummusssessesss, and was very tasty with our main dish) We ordered the chicken plate (which was Gi-normous), a shrimp and pizza app., and some kind of salad that i could not pronounce. (spank-something) ALL OF IT!!!! were very delicious and was more than enough to feed two VERY VERY hungry people. Their appetizers are very large, and could be a meal of its own. The service was decent, but nothing spectacular. I really enjoyed their patio, which was nicely shaded and great for people watching.
3	101 Bistro. It sounds like a class in culinary school. Or a cafe off the freeway. But. It's not. It's downtown, close to the Dodge Theatre, so we picked it as our pre Margaret Cho chow place. It's a nice big room with lots of windows. Nice. It was filling up quickly and had a fun, urban energy. I was bummed when I ordered a beer and was told their liquor license was suspended and she can't serve any alcohol. Damn! No worries. We'll order, eat and walk around before the show and find a bar. I point to what looks like a bar across the street and ask our server what it is. "I don't know. I don't live down here. I just work here." Nice. What charm school did you graduate from? Bitch Academy? Rickie had a Philadelphia Cheesesteak - like pita sandwich while I had a roast beef panini. Both came with a small greek salad. Not great. Just. Well. Nice. The Caprese appetizer, while tasty, looked as though it had been assembled by a nervous monkey. It was also strange when little miss sunshine dropped a full glass of ice for Rickie's ice tea with no explanation as to why and without refilling his ice tea. Oh. Such a charmer. 101 Bistro, I give you a C minus. Average food. And a minus for the oh so helpful server and the unusually uncomfortable chairs. I still have the wicker imprint on my ass.
3	Gyro and the ground beef Fatda (sp?) pita were very good.  The Greek salad was typical but nothing extraordinary.Their booze permit ran out so the waitress said "No booze for you lushes!".  Soon they should have it back they say.I saw a few other dishes pass by and holly crap on the sizes of their portions.  There was a pasta salad dish that was mounding on a serving platter, easily over a pound of pasta.  Please get your permits in order or open an underground speakeasy for your alcoholic customers.
3	Must have eaten here a dozen times (used to work next door a few years ago). Nothing to amazing on the menu, the food is good overall but nothing I can remember really stood out. The best thing about the place is the location.I have noticed it has gotten considerably busier here as of late, maybe things are improving.They do offer Free Wifi which gets them some extra credit.*I have just been informed that new management has taken drastic steps to improve the place - I will visit and update this review ASAP
5	I was so happy to discover 101 Bistro - just a short walk from home and an awesome alternative to driving all the way to Tempe for some Pita Jungle.  I had the Vegetarian Platter, which, IMHO, is WAY better than the Pita Jungle comparable plate, the Mediterranean Platter.  The dolmas were perfect, with cashews!  The hummus was slightly spicy, yum!  The Baba Ganoush was to die for.I can't wait to go back.  YUM.
3	I don't know if this qualifies as an update. However 101 Bistro is now closed. Eighty sixed. Nada here anymora. Adios. Hasta la pasta.RIP 101 B!
