5	A great neighborhood bar in the strip with authentic tasting Irish pub food. I'm a fan of going early (though it's so empty and lonely looking early in the day) for a brunch of bangers, rashers, and mash. Inventive cocktails, and events (on their calendar) are some high points. The bathrooms stick out in your mind though, because they're down some narrow stairs and seemingly so far away they might as well be in a different building. And they may be.
4	All the way at the far end of the Strip we finally found the best bar in the neighborhood (admittedly out of only a handful that exist).This place was charmingly well worn around the edges, but it's mostly a standard American-Irish pub, with all the familiar bric-a-brac and beer taps.  I have to object strenuously to a few of the drinks on the menu.  First, there is a "Dark Bomb"--Guinness and Jagermeister.  Then there is an "Irish Pancake"--Guinness and butterscotch schnapps.  And finally there is the "Irish Hoe"--half Guinness, half Hoegaarden.  These are crimes against nature.  I can't vouch for the last one, but the first two were terrible (of course I had to try them).  Jagermeister has no business within ten feet of Guinness, and the Pancake would have been okay if they halved the amount of butterscotch.  This month's featured beer is Red Stripe--get five bottles for $15.  The pints have some odd prices:  $5.61 for Guinness and Newcastle and $4.68 for Sam Adams.They had some live music (a guy with a wee guitar singing eclectic covers) which was decent and ended at 1am.  We were the last patrons before closing at 2, and despite them sweeping and putting up chairs, nobody ever chased us out or even looked at us askance.
5	Harp & Fiddle is the gem in Pittsburgh's strip district.  They have several beers on tap, great food, and a nice, relaxed atmosphere.  The staff is especially pleasant and very friendly.  H&F is an excellent place for the end of the work week.  They have nightly specials during happy hour Which lasts from 5pm to 7pm. H&F also has live bands playing nightly.  The acts range from up tempo rock music to laid back acoustic guitar acts.  Overall, H&F has something for everyone and is an awesome place to go for good beer and good times with the people you love to be around.
3	I have conflicted feelings about Harp & Fiddle.  I love the space, the drinks, and the live music.  I do not, however, like the cover charge that happens for every single event. Great Guinness Toast (where you had to use plastic cups!)- $5; St. Patrick's Day Parade- $10!! We made it for breakfast on parade day, had a fine breakfast there (eggs, sausage, bacon, toast, potatoes for 8 bucks), then left for the parade.  We returned around noon, and they wanted 10 clams a piece to come back in and drink $6 Guinness out of a plastic cup.  I just couldn't do it, and neither could the rest of my party.  I also don't appreciate that the cover charges are never mentioned in their e-mail newsletter. I know a man's gotta make that money, but sheesh!
3	Decent food, fun crowd...older, good band. Beers many! I don't know there just isn't a crazy vibe that makes me want to come back that often! I guess that when this large chick checked me with her purse then barely said she was sorry...hmm no thanks. Major spillage all over my arm! I hate rude people, even as she watched me sop up beer from my new cardigan she gave me this smug look like it was my fault even though she had been bumping me all night.I don't get pissed over things I can't control so I ignore ignorant people who like drama. We did have some excellent BBQ pulled pork nachos! Maybe an event there would be different but my experience...Yawn
1	Horrible staff! Terrible attitude and we could tell didn't want to be there.  Screwed up our bill and was visible aggravated and angry when we questioned charges.  This awful service makes us never want to return.
3	We made the foolish mistake of trying to spend our Groupon at Penn Brewery on a Saturday, without a reservation.  Daunted by the wait, and bellies hungry for delicious comfort food, my boyfriend I were sullenly driving back toward home when we remembered - isn't there a little Irish bar just off the main drag of the Strip District?  Let's go investigate.So investigate we did, I'd say around 730 on a Saturday night.  It was oddly quiet and uncrowded inside - a few tables here and there, but no big groups gathered around to watch a game over drinks, or eat dinner.  There was lots of Irish paraphernalia on the walls, but the harsh lighting and widely spaced tables made the bar feel a bit uninviting.  A little dimness could've gone a long way!  We got some beer on draft - a Harp for me - and started with the fried pickles, which were served with honey mustard.  They were.....fried pickles.  They were served as whole spears, not bite-size pieces, so sometimes the breading would slide off, but they were hot and tasty with the tangy mustard.  Good size appetizer portion.Both craving something authentic, my boyfriend got the fish 'n' chips, and I got the corned beef and cabbage.  Both were utterly no frills.  My boyfriend lauded their authenticity, and I have to confess, the fish 'n' chips were spot on.  Especially the fish.  That taste!  It took me back to my semester studying abroad in England, eating fish 'n' chips out of a paper cone.  It didn't need anything fancy or unique to dress it up - it was great as it was.  He was hugely satisfied.I was underwhelmed with my corned beef and cabbage.  While I won't question the authenticity, the overall effect was that the food was plain.  Well-cooked, and in a good portion, but not really crave-worthy.  There were some vegetables on the side as well, everything prepared with utter simplicity.  I enjoyed the taste, but after a few bites, I wanted something more.  It was a large portion, so I took some home, but we weren't even motivated to reheat it.  It didn't really do it for me.   Apologies to Ireland if that's how this dish was meant to be prepared - if that's the case, I suppose it just wasn't my thing.We started to leave just as a few musicians came in.  I think I'd enjoy coming back here for a drink and an appetizer during some live Irish music!  Service was a bit slow, but if I was there to relax and unwind for a few hours, I wouldn't mind at all.
4	I've been to the Harp a handful of times over the years, but I've only eaten there twice. Once was quite a few years ago and the second time was this past weekend. The first time I went, I got fish & chips, and I was so unimpressed that it's the primary reason that I refused to eat there since. BUT this past weekend, my wife ordered the fish & chips and wow...awesome! I would definitely order them going forward. It's a huge piece of fish, though, so be prepared. I'm not sure what changed, but I'm glad it's improved.I opted for the blackened tilapia sandwich, which was also really good...and larger than I expected. My only complaint was that it seemed like a lot of roll even for the entire filet being on there. The creole mustard/mayo was good, but I used it sparingly. The side of chips (fries) were good and had that typical hand-cut taste.We also ordered the mussels for our appetizer and they were really good. The Smithwick's broth was a different take on what we'd usually get our mussels steamed in and was delicious, and the mussels tasted fresh.Overall, the vibe at the Harp is fun. Their large dining area has a dining hall feeling, which doesn't work for me when it's not busy and you sit down to eat, but it's good for their live music nights (which they have plenty of). I prefer sitting in the smaller bar area. The bartenders are always really nice and there's a nice neighborhood bar feeling when you're up there.I'd say my only real semi-complaint is their limited whiskey options. If you're there for a Guinness, you're going to be happy, but if you want some whiskey, the limited list of Irish whiskeys may be underwhelming. We were told that they're working on making an actual list and adding to it, and there were some perfectly fine options, but you'll be disappointed if you want something even a little adventurous, like a Connemara or something.Regardless, it's a nice, laid back option in the Strip, and if you're in the mood for some fish & chips you're really limited to two excellent options in town: Piper's Pub or the Harp & Fiddle.
2	Have you guys been here in the daylight? This place is filthy! I understand this place is old, but wash the curtains (they look like they've been in a flood) and those glass lamps hanging from the ceiling. The woodwork and floor are sticky. We had a Guinness (in the wrong glass I must add) and didn't have the stomach to eat anything. All this place needs is a good wash. Let me know when, we'll go back.
4	Excellent atmosphere and friendly service.   Food was great.
4	I really really really love Harp & Fiddle.  Though I live in Denver now, I spent a fair amount of time in Pittsburgh and my office is right down the street.  Even if it weren't, I'd still spend time here.Last week, while in Pittsburgh I ate lunch here two of the three days I was in town.  Seems that each time I visit, they've made some changes to their menu and their food is always consistently good.  On this visit, I had the salmon chopped salad one day and the chicken cordon bleu sandwich the other.  The salad was perfect for lunch - exactly what I was looking for and reasonably priced as well.  A lot of times it's empty in here at lunch time (sometimes it's not) and I don't get it.  The lunch options toward the east end of the strip aren't many, so I'm surprised more people haven't caught on to lunch at the Harp.  Oh well, their loss is my gain.  In addition to being a regular lunch spot, this is also usually my choice for drinks after work as well.  My brother and I have spend many long nights at the bar and it's usually the first choice for work happy hours too.  Sad to say, that I used to spend SO much time here when I lived in PGH that when I walk in now, they remember my drink.  OOPS!  We've been here for Irish Dancing night, open mic night and karaoke night - they're all pretty amusing.  They also have a nice little pato out back for when the weather is warmer.Whether they're busy or slow, the service is always spot on.  I really wish there was a place like this in my neighborhood in Denver.
4	It's a little dark and gloomy in here, but the food is very good. My Shepherd's Pie was outstanding. The whiskey bundt cake we shared was also rockin'. Our server was a cute chick with awesome hair. Only Piper's Pub makes better Irish food than this place.
4	This is the best Irish pub in the city; while Claddagh is a corporate chain (that isn't quite authentic), and Piper's Pub is a wonderful pub... of the British Isles, Mullaney's is Irish, and a great place to grab some food and drink.Tons of travelling entertainers and bands, fantastic eats, and friendly, good staff.
3	As someone born and raised in the Emerald Isle, I don't want to burst any bubbles but this place isn't authentic. However, it is a fun time. The musicians have been pretty good whenever I've been in. I'd like to go in more but I can only manage their happy hour - unfortunately the place is too expensive for anything else. I had my first and last full night's drinking there a few weeks ago and we were all pretty shocked when we saw the check.
3	A couple small TVs, no three page list of craft beers. Is this how one enjoys a Steelers game? I suspect when you're the type that needs to take some refuge from pro sports, this place might be your oasis. In search of something resembling a vegetable in Pittsburgh, we had the deep fried pickles. Quite okay. Quite a decent Reuben sandwich. Would like to see a better beer selection. One of the few places open in the strip district after 5 pm.
1	For the first time in my life, I sent my meal back to the kitchen. The Corn Beef in the Corn Beef and Cabbage tasted really bad and felt like I was chewing gum. Avoid that plate at all costs
5	Food was great, service outstanding. We had a very large group and our food came within short time. The waitress kept the drinks coming. Service was superb!The Fish fry is HUGE!!!! so bring an empty stomach or share it! It so good! I recommend the reuben rolls (never heard of before), if you aren't hungry enough for a reuben sandwich. So good, I am thinking about them now... sitting at home.Live music was OUTSTANDING!!! Crossing Celtic, you rocked!!!!
4	This is the most authentic Irish Pub you will find.   The food is good and plentiful and the beer selection is impressive.  I have been several times to the Ceili  dances on Tuesday night, they are a lot of fun, and the regulars are great about reaching out to teach newcomers. There's lots of live music, and a truly Irish ambiance.
2	This place is a blast on St Patricks Day, and to see a band play.  It gets packed.  Mullaneys has been around for a long time -- possibly the oldest Irish pub I'm aware of.  It's never changed.  I love coming here--for beer and whiskey.Today I came here for lunch.  I'd never had the food before.  It was just okay.  I ordered the crab caprese salad and you dont get very much for what it cost, and the server was charming and Irish, but the service was incredibly slow.  It took an hour and a half for lunch.I think I'll only come here for drinking and fun, as a dining destination youve got so many other options in the Strip District!...also, while I dont want the bar to change, it is looking incredibly worn.  Its in dire need of new paint and new flooring, lest it become a dive bar.TWO STARS BECAUSE THIS PLACE IS DIRTY.  Its very dirty.  So dirty.  Maybe they  dont notice it at night during the bulk of their business.  Inch of dusk on the window sill.  So gross.  Please, please clean the bar.
4	Came here for a few beers after a bit Pittsburgh yelp event. Which was awesome by the way. It's a nice cosy neighborhood bar to have a few i think. The prices for 2 beers were nearly 20 bucks. But they were craft beers. But i was a bit surprised and taken back by the price. But I'm sure a miller is 2 dollars. he he. I didn't stay very long. We had the journey back to Beaver County. But I liked the look of this place. Would be a good place to have a nice chat with some friends on a Wednesday night.
