4	This place is definitely a cut above the rest. The retro, chic decor combines the American Diner style of the 50's along with a sleek, modern edge. I've been here twice and truly enjoyed my dining experiences. They have a varied drink selection that can accommodate all tastes...just ask for little ice cause they do go overboard with it. On my first visit I ordered a Sweet Craig...Vodka, Chambord, Amaretto and lime/lemon soda...it was FANTASTIC!! As for the meal, my friends and I decided to share a bunch of appetizers. We ordered: the mini lobster rolls, Philly cheesesteak spring rolls, calamari and fries. Everything was really fresh and super tasty. I must add that the staff is very friendly, helpful and they smile! For dessert we chose The Big Easy Beignets--new orleans style donuts, they come with a caramel praline sauce and a chocolate Bourbon sauce....SOOOO GOOD!!!!On my second visit, my husband and I ordered: the bacon wrapped dog sliders appetizer, if you're a fan of hot-dogs you'll love these. For our main meal, I ordered the pastichio-Greek style lasagna, and my husband ordered the Fat Cat burger. I loved my pastichio, it was a big portion so I got to take the rest with me. My husband on the other hand was not impressed with his burger, the waiter failed to ask him how he wanted his burger cooked....and being that my husband is well traveled and has eaten in great restaurants all over the US--that was a big fail for him. A waiter must always ask how one wants his meat cooked! For dessert we ordered the 5 & dime malt shake and the Big Easy beignets along with tea/coffee. The desserts were great and we could've used another shake!! Also, they offer a connection to the restaurant's music app...sort of like a personalized jukebox where you can request songs from your iPhone. However, we weren't able to connect to their server to select music. When we asked the hostess, she said she wasn't sure and asked her manager, who basically ignored the request, and said there was nothing wrong with their server. Why advertise this option on your placemat menus, which are sitting on every table, and then not make the service available to your customers!? I should add that my husband is an executive at a well known American computer company, and thus would know if their server had a problem! Besides the insignificant glitches the overall experience at this restaurant was very good, and I must reinstate the fact that the service was EXCELLENT!!! A definite do!!!
2	Another chi-chi burger place, another disappointment.  What's a burger? It's a patty, its cheese and a bun. I don't need 2, 3 sauces, caramelized onions and short rib and both sesame AND poppy seeds. Can we PLEASE keep it simple and also... do all burger places have to make horrendously huge frakking burgers?DO NOT call it Philly cheesesteak. 1, Cheesesteak is only made in Philly, you can drop that part. Plus it's made from rib steak, not shoulder. If yer gonna wit' whiz it, at least use Cheeze Whiz, not a copy brand. But as a beef and cheese spring roll, it work pretty good.I could go into details, but I'm not up to it.They made a tasty Tom Collins though. And the lemon pie was awesome.
2	Atmosphere, Service, Food - the essentialsAtmosphere: DeVille Dinerbar is a new edition to the flock of trendy cafes / dinners on Stanley street.  Unfortunately however, DeVille as a late comer - gives off the air of trying too hard, and borders on the pretentious.  It is themed to look like a trendy 60's dinner - but goes overboard with the usage of cliche and tried props like pink neon, semi-circular booths, and the menu printed on the walls (look for spelling mistakes!).  It could be a good place to have a business dinner though. Service:  For a place that aspires to attract the young and hip as well as the old and established - DeVille does not do a very good job at grooming their waiters and waitresses very well in the art of service.  The staff, it seems, has been plundered from various other places, perhaps with the lure of a higher pay-cheque, and as such do not have any connection to the place.  Although the service is polite and pleasant, mistakes are not out of the question.Food:  Perhaps, DeVille's fatal flaw.  The food is nothing to write home about, and at the prices listed, they are in no way shape or form enticing enough to come back to.  Since the menu, contains lots (lots) of items, in many categories, choosing the right meal frustratingly difficult. The fact that every dish has a pretentious (there's that word again) name, is also a drag.Wants to be cool - but ends up trying too hard.
1	I completely COMPLETELY agree with Wes N. Tried this place for the first time yesterday for lunch. First of all, there is nothing appropriate for lunch there. Like Wes said, the menu WAS very frustrating to look at. The seating is so small in the single 2-seaters that our super long menus barely fit in front of us - I mean COME ON !!!!I ordered the "Deville Club" and it was so gigantic (ridiculous) that I could not eat it. I asked the waitress if they could cut it into 4 pieces rather than just two, and I was provided with a STEAK KNIFE. I hardly ate any of it. The waitress said it is more of a "Fork and Knife" kind of sandwich... should I have to eat a sandwich with a fork & knife.... REALLY?! The Manager came to our table asking for feedback and kindly gave me my meal free of charge - but regardless, I did not enjoy myself at this resto from start to finish. This resto is definitely NOT Return-Worthy. Thanks for reading!
4	We were looking for a bite before the hockey game and ended up finding a parking spot in front of Deville Dinerbar...its purple lights beckoned so we decided to give it a try. The decor is cool - like a very modern retro diner - very sleek. We mentioned to the hostess that we were going to the game and would be a little rushed to eat and she assured us there would be no problem. In fact, our waitress was already waiting at our table upstairs with a menu and a smile and assured us we would be fed and out in plenty of time. The menu was pretty extensive and I would have loved to have more time to browse every interesting but delicious-sounding offering but time constraints being what they were I chose the first two dishes that caught my eye. We started with the chorizio and cheese cigarillos - fried tortillas filled with chorizo and cheese - which were greasy but delicious. The tomato-mint dipping sauce didn't really add much to the dish however. I followed up with the brasa sandwich -  basically chicken, ham, cheese and pineapple on a country roll. It was a very geneours sandwich served wih an equally generous portion of matchstick fries and all of was good to the last bite! Our service was impeccable - our waitress was quick, efficient and very sensitive to our time constraints. She brought dipping sauces for the fries and extra napkins without being asked and was helpful without being  envasive. It was on the pricier side with 1 appetizer and 2 sandwiches and 2 beers totaling 70$ before tip. But I did enjoy every generous bite!
4	I don't know why this place has gotten so many thumbs dowwwwn! While I didn't even know it existed until yesterday, I was surprised to discover a bright and shiny pimped out modern diner. Sounds tacky, but it was actually pretty swank with a classy bar, funky bar stools and booths, and a top floor area with loads of seating for couples or small groups. This place is apparently known for its cocktails and the bartender took my indecisiveness (I was merely just feeling brain dead) as a cue to whip me up a tequila infused concoction that was tasty - and tart. The menu is slick with loads of different kinds of starters, salads, pasta dishes and burgers to choose from. I had some calamari to go with my boozy drink, while my friends ordered a bunch of dishes that all looked yummy and delicious. They seemed happy...but, I never know if it's because they are tipsy or they just generally love life no matter where they are. I'm going with A and B. Our server was also very friendly and courteous. So, I have to ask myself - Why all the haters hating on Deville Dinerbar? I really don't know...all I know is, don't hate - appreciate!
5	Wow.  I've been wanting to come here for awhile now and was finally able to make it.  It was such a beautiful day out so we decided to sit on the back deck for dinner.  hen I always walk by Deville, I never knew they had a terrasse.  This is crucial!  We were actually the only ones out on the deck.  It was peaceful.  It is fully surrounded by a building, so it feels like you are in your own oasis.  You don't have the noise or the crowds on the street bothering you.  As I was walking through the interior of the restaurant, there was a lot of funky decor, but I will have to check it out on a less than perfect weather day.They have quite a few cocktails, which were really good and original.  The menu is very extensive and offers a lot of variety.  Everything sounded really tasty so it was hard to narrow it down.  I ended up getting the Friday Night Pasta (even though it was only Wednesday night...).  It consisted of linguine with Tiger shrimp, scallops, lobster, and clams in the sauce.  Usually, when you see Tiger shrimps on the menu in a lets say risotto or pasta dish you don't expect much.  However, here you get many giant shrimps, plus the lots of the other seafood accompaniments.  Totally worth the price and it was very delicious.The service was also attentive too (hard not be to be when you are the only one being waited on).  Definitely will be coming back for more and it has also become a go to spot for me in downtown.
4	Let's see, I had wine, 2 glasses, red of course, 8 oz each (that a full pint-o-wine) of the Monticello tempranillo. The beau had wanted Sam Adams, but alas there was no more, so Ricard's white for him.The first thoughts in my mind when I saw the menu was, how the heck am I to choose from all of this! It all looks good (except fried pickles, I am over them). After some back and forth we settled on sharing 2 apps, the Philly cheese steak spring rolls and the Crispy mac and cheese stuffed wontons. I ordered myself the "Fat Cat" burger and the BF ordered the bone-in veal parma. On the advice of our bartender, he suggested that maybe, that might be, just a little too much. We dropped the mac and cheese wontons and eagerly awaited our first bites. Looking around, this place could easily be dropped right into the Flamingo in Las Vegas. The dark and pink theme, the retro counters, all of it rings true to that bygone era. I think I would have liked to see the theme brought more into the menu, but that's just fluff.Once our app arrived, I was worried we'd made a mistake dropping the second app.. I mean, 3 "tacquitos" was hardly going to appease our ferocious appetites and I don't think the bartender could have possibly thought we were lightweight eaters. Then our meals came out, and well, the veal. I could have put my face in there and there would still be breading showing.My burger wasn't what I was expecting. I thought it would be a boneless rib on a burger bun. Nope, it was the rib AND a burger. Oh wait, no, a double burger! Much too ginormous for me to eat gracefully, but I have never been very graceful, so why start now? The fries were delicious, I usually prefer big fat fries with their crispy skins on each ends, and these were skinny little McD fries. Fearful of a repeat of the "Plaisirs Coupables" fiasco of yesteryear, I stole one fry and all my fears were set aside. The restaurant cheered in triumph  and I reached back for a handful more of the crispy skinny fries. I thought everything was pretty good. I liked the service, the food, the drink choices, the atmosphere. Everything. As I spoke with the waitress some more, I learned that the owners here are the same as those at Reuben's and at Anton & James, and just as we were talking, in walked the manager from Reuben's deli. He knows me very well as whenever I am downtown I inevitably stop in to Reuben's to pick up a pound of smoked meat. Would I go back to Deville - yes, particularly at slower times of the day, like before 6PM. I am not a fan of waiting for a table. Knowing that they are owned by the same people as Reuben's gives me the confidence that the food will be consistent.
4	My BF had lunch at this place this week and raved about this plate of spaghetti and meat balls he saw a waiter carrying, and he knew I would love it. The atmosphere is American diner chic. They did well by not going overboard or being too kitschy. Some tables for two are a bit on the small side, especially by the window at street level. But the star is the menu, that presents a good variety of foods that all sound great.We started with the kopanisti dip and chips. The kopanisti was very creamy and had a nice kick to it. It came with the equivalent of a whole bag of chips, well seasoned and sprinkled with parmesan; they were fantastic. We also tried the caramelized red onion soup, which was nice but BF would have preferred a more interesting crouton on the soup, as this one was served with a slice of whole wheat bread under the cheese. But the broth was tasty, a bit on the sweet side as it contains porto.He was not wrong! Although I usually order something that seems less pedestrian when I eat out, and there were soooo many great sounding dishes on the menu, I knew I had to try the spag & meatballs. It was a good sized portion (ALL their plates are generous enough to feed you for at least 2 meals). The pasta was in the centre and covered with a great tasting sauce and served with a large dollop of ricotta on top. Three large meatballs surrounded the pasta, and each had parmesan shavings on top. The meatballs were creamy, the sauce brought me back to my childhood, and when I added a bit of ricotta to the mix, it was smooth and heavenly. My BF had the shnitzel and spaetzle. The batter was crisp, the and it was nice wit the cheese and hint of lemon, but there are so many other item on the menu that he would probably not order that one again.We chose to avoid dessert since we were both very full and already had two large bags of leftovers to bring home.The prices are on the high side, but if you don't eat the whole thing and bring home the rest for a complete second meal, it's not too bad. And I don't mind paying a bit more when the quality is there. And on that, this place really delivered the goods!I sooo look forward to going back.
3	Warning: The portions are HUGE!Booked a party for 25 here for my friend's bday. The manager was less than accommodating to say the least! It took both my friend and I couple of tries to make the reservation in the end. 1. They do not take reservations between 6-8pm on weekend nights, fine we made one for 8:30pm. 2. We have to wait at the bar for our table, until everyone is here, fine. 8:25pm everyone arrived, and our table is ready but the manager refused to seat us. 8:35pm rolls around and I demanded that we be seated, but the manager had the nerve to say to me: Well no one have had a drink yet, people usually drink at the bar before going to their tables. I shut him up by telling him we are religious. That being said, the waiters are sweethearts, really friendly and know the menu well. The food is generally tasty, and portions overly generous. No one could finish their side of fries. I had the Chip & dip appetizer, Cirque burger and strawberry milkshake.We ordered their chocolate cake dessert as a birthday thing for my friend. It came out with a candle, and the cake was HUGE! It was actually enough for maybe 15 people to have a slice each. Definitely worth the $13 bucks.
4	Stopped there for dinner before a movie on "cheap night".  Ambiance:   Was generally impressed with the decor which was dark, but tasteful.  The music was the right volume so it could be heard and yet not so loud that you couldn't have a relaxed conversation.Service:  Excellent.  No mistakes in the order, waiter checked in, refilled glasses and did a nice job of explaining the specials and providing recommendations that were spot on.  Food:    I had the mini-lobster rolls, which were a bit on the expensive side, and I have to admit, the lobster was a bit, FLAT... i mean, it was good, just not amazing.    The Ahi tuna tacos and wasabi mayo were delicious and fresh.  Nicely seared piece of tuna and a nice fried tortilla shell.  The fried pickles were the star though, the spicy ketchup and maple butter sauces were a perfect match.  I had the chop chop salad, which was good, but just too big.  It was clearly more something that could be shared while getting a main each.    The burger my dinner companion had looked spectacular and the shoestring fries were perfect.  For Dessert, the Pain Perdu was amazing but the Lemon Meringue pie was just not very good, I mean, maybe it was me.  It looked amazing, but i just didn't like it.  Generally a good meal.  I was  hesitating between a solid 3 or a 4. but what sealed the deal for me was when the waiter noticed I didn't touch the Lemon Meringue pie, he immediately took it off the bill.  He insisted.  Haven't had such service in Montreal in a long time.  As a rule, restaurant service in this city is terrible and this place is certainly an exception.
4	Fantastical? I think so. For classic American dining, Deville adds some extra flavour to its touch. No wonder the city has been raving about it! With every bite, I just kept saying... "This is delicious!" My mother was my lovely companion on this date, we both had the Ahi Tuna Salad, and we shared an appy of Deep-Fried Pickles. The service was amazing, our waiter was very thoughtful and made sure we were never left unattended. He put in the order for our main courses a little bit before we had finished the appetizer, so that once he took it away, our salads were to be delivered without much wait. It was my first time trying deep-fried pickles, and I must say, I was VERY impressed; breaded to crunch perfection and still had their sour kick. The sauces that they came with were so good; a maple dijon and picante ketchup (my favourite of the two). The seared ahi tuna salad crusted with sesame was delicious and its presentation was nice too, it was served with a hard-boiled egg on the side and some edamame that was seasoned with cajun salt. My only issues with the salad was that it came doused in a little too much shallot vinaigrette and the ahi tuna looked like it had been more than seared. It's supposed to be seared along the rim/outside, and left rare in the middle. Despite this, the ahi tuna still had delicious flavour and a rich-buttery texture, so it didn't disappoint me all that much. One thing I would've done differently is share the salad rather than get my own. The portion is really quite large, and in the end, we had only eaten about half our plates, which cost $22 each. So if you're coming here with a budget, be sure to plan your meal wisely! Lastly, a nice addition to the Deville Dinerbar is their terrace in the back. It only opens in the summer but it makes for a great drinking spot, especially happy hour!
5	This place amazes me (as well as my palate) more and more. I honestly think I could eat here on a regular basis and never get bored. I had the same waiter as I did last time and he remembered me. What an awesome guy, Deville certainly has exceptional service! He even hooked me up with a mouthgasm milkshake, officially known as a chocolate-nutella milkshake topped with roasted marshmellows. Seriously, a piece of heaven in your mouth. I'm in love!Today's orders consisted of: 1) Ahi Tuna Tacos, made from fried wonton shells and an Asian slaw stuffing, topped with seared tuna slices and a fantastic wasabi lime aioli on the side.- Seared just right this time around, and words can't describe how perfect it was. It's technically an appetizer, but they fill you up just right so you don't feel overly full and heavy.2) Blackened Cajun Salmon, served over fire roasted pablano rice, ratatouille, and topped with a roasted corn salsa.- Juicy, well seared, and spiced marvelously. Even the fire roasted pablano rice and roasted corn salsa added an extra special touch, giving all your senses quite the joyride. 3) Fat Cat Burger, made up of a beef patty, as well as pulled BBQ beef ribs, aged white cheddar, shredded iceberg lettuce, tomatoes, grilled red onions, and a root beer BBQ mayo on a toasted brioche bun, with delicious matchstick fries on the side.- Large and fully loaded, definitely difficult to finish, but more delicious with every bite. The only issue here was that the beef patty was tasteless on its own and required seasoning, but at least now there was one less meat to worry about eating. The rest of the burger was great and the root beer BBQ mayo made it that much greater.4) Southern Fried Chicken Salad, a large bowl of mixed greens, topped with fried buttermilk chicken crispers, bacon, red onions, bell peppers, corn kernels, julienned carrots, grape tomatoes, shredded monterey jack and cheddar cheese, and sweet waffle croutons, tossed in a bourbon pear dressing. - Very tasty and enjoyable 'til the last bite. The buttermilk added more flavour and moisture to the chicken, making it more rich and juicy. The veggies came fresh, and the variety of toppings kept your taste buds hungry for more.Each and every one of us enjoyed every single bite of our meals. Not only do they taste so good, but they look so good, it almost feels sinful having to tear it all apart. But you easily get over that! :PUntil we meet again, my new found love.
4	The menu at Deville Diner Bar is extensive but concise. You might think it's a bit of a contradiction to have something varied but focused, however, the kitchen is making each and every menu item for a reason. However random you might think the pairings and dishes are, I found the menu here extremely thought out and conscious. Respecting the tradition and concept of a "diner", these guys are playing off dishes that we've all grown up with. Deville Diner Bar takes those tastes that we are all used to, the flavours that we all love for sentimental value, updates them, buys them a Bluray player and an iPhone and welcomes them to 2012. They acknowledge any emotional attachments to classic dishes we have, takes you by the hand and leads you the way to show you what they've done with them.
4	While the food won't blow you away and is a little spotty, it is still good, original diner food.  Deville has a nice vibe that makes it unique, especially with the modern decor and the jukebox app that lets you request songs.  We enjoyed ourselves both times here and we would probably come back; it's an overall pleasant experience.
4	MMMM! LOBSTER SALAD AVOCADO sandwich! I'm not mentioning the bacon because it's fatty and I had to pick around it. The shoestring fries that came with this incredible sandwich were tastier than they looked, and since there seems to be a derth of median-priced restaurants at palatable prices, I came here twice and got this sandwich (the second time introducing a resident of the city to this place who plans on having her birthday dinner here). I sipped two glasses of happiness-inducing fine rose while my husband slurped on a divine-tasting chocolate shake. (I don't even want to know how may calories are in it, but one sip did me just fine.)  Plus, cool decor, Duran Duran on the speakers, and free wifi!
4	AtmosphereSo here is the story, my close friend is addicted to this restaurant called Reubens on Saint Catherine street and the owner opened this new restaurant called Deville on Stanley street. This is when his new addiction started. If you couldn't reach this friend of mine, it was a safe bet to assume he was at one of these 2 places. He literally eats at Reubens or Deville once every day. I ended up going to Deville last night for the first time and was impressed. So as you walk in this Montreal restaurant you become surrounded with a great fancy decor with bright purple lights coming out of different parts of the room. The atmosphere that I got from Deville gets a well deserved 4 stars. Drinks & FoodSo it didn't take long before I spot my friends at the bar on this Tuesday night. Deville Dinerbar was pretty empty with the exception of maybe half a dozen clients still seated. I was pretty surprised when I saw my friend's drink, it looked like a margarita with a flipped beer inside of it. It was pretty confusing a first and even after tasting his ''Megarita'' I wasn't sure about my feelings towards it. I loved the big glass it came in so I had the amazing idea of ordering a 4 oz Mojito to be put in that exact same format. It was really good and I also had the pleasure to respond to a couple of amused looks. Half way through my drink, I felt like having a little snack so I ordered the Mac and Cheese which I heard wonderful things about. The best way I could describe it would be by telling you it's like ordering nachos but replacing the chips with pasta. It was one of the best and most original Mac and Cheese I had ever encountered. I am giving Deville Dinerbar 4 stars for its Drinks & Food.ServiceThe service we got at the bar was pretty amazing but that's probably because my friend knows the entire staff. I was mainly really impressed with the service of the bartender because she was fast, good and also very fun to chat with. If you ever decide to go at Deville Dinerbar (which I do recommend) and end up being seated at the bar, I really hope you get to meet Cloe. We even had a couple of waiters coming to chat with us once in a while and we ended up staying till they were about to close for the night. My friends and I had a blast that evening and this is why I am giving the service of Deville 4 stars.LocationThe location of Deville is pretty good. It is situated on Stanley Street which is halfway between Guy Concordia metro and Peel metro. For the location of this Montreal restaurant, I would give 4 stars. The total amount of stars I would allocate to Deville in general would be 4 stars.
4	Amahhhzing.The atmosphere is a lot of fun, hip and the neatest part is if you have an iphone you can choose the music you are listening to! So download the app and get to it!The food was excellent. A local friend brought me here and we dined on sweet fried pickles (I've only ever had dill!), calamari, Texas brisket sandwich and beignet for dessert.Omg. So as I said, I've only ever had fried dill pickles which are yummy but the sweet were such a pleasant surprise! Love it. The calamari was super crisp and yummy and came with awesome dipping sauce (as did the pickles). The Brisket was huge. We split this between two of us and it was plenty, with thin fries and the dessert. Get the beignet. Normally I wouldn't go for something like this, but you HAVE to. They take a little longer to prepare, but itts soooo worth it along with the caramel and the chocolate dips. I want them. Bad.
4	Been there 3 times the first 2 our food was great this time I had the french dip loved the bread it came on (was told baked fresh daily) and the beef was like butter, the only issue was the jus, super salty mind you it was 9:00pm it may not have been the case if I was having lunch. Great place wish it had more healthy options but then again I probably wouldn't like it as much.
4	I had heard good things about Deville Dinerbar, and after looking up the menu online, I was set on having my birthday dinner here. The ambiance was a nice mix of old-school diner with a funky new-age twist; the music was well-suited, but not overly cheesy. I very much liked the decor, and best of all, the menu was awesome. The menu was a combination of southern classics, but with an Asian influence - mac'n'cheese filled wontons, philly cheese steak egg rolls, etc. As an appetizer, my boyfriend Danny and I shared the fried chicken crispers and waffles. Oh. My. GOOOD. The chicken had a perfect crisp and was actual chicken breast, the waffle was fluffy with a crispy exterior and the gravy was a perfect balance of sweet and salty, a cross between a maple syrup and light gravy. I had the Fat-Cat Burger, and the Root Beer BBQ mayo was delish. The burger itself was ginormous, so was hard to finish, but I ate until I couldn't eat anymore. Danny had the Adam's ribs; the things were huge, and he barely came up for air while devouring them. Then for dessert, we shared the pain perdu - little french toast brioche cakes drizzled with a raspberry sauce, topped with vanilla ice cream and a side of maple syrup was the metaphorical cherry on top of an absolutely awesome dinner. I was very pleased with the service, and have urged my coworkers and boss to have our Christmas party here. I will definitely be coming back so often as my waistline can take it!
2	Food is good, not great. The portions are big but be prepared to pay a lot. Worst of all they will charge you for refills on Coke. . .how cheap is that? Service has been a problem each time I've been there. . .Disappointing really
3	The place looks like a fifties diner,For a diner, it is quite pricey. The cocktails range from 12-16$!!! my you'd have to be drunk already to order that... we ordered a bottle of prosecco for 45$ split 3 ways and had about 3 flutes each, better deal, and the prosecco was quite good (crede bisol 18.90$ at the SAQ, I'm stocking up on that).On to the food, we had: the ribs, which is made with root beer bbq sauce, the roast chicken, and for appetizer we had the ahi tuna tacos.The tacos were quite good, nice flavour and texture of the seared but raw tuna and the crispy wonton serving as taco. except the sauce was a bit too sweet. The dish comes with 3 tacos and we each had one but if I ate this by myself the sweeteness would be too much after 3 tacos. But with just the taste of one tacos it was fine.chicken was moist with a nice maple flavor, not too sweet. the pablano rice was bland, the aji amarillo sauce was nice, it's like a spicy mayo sauce with a kick. Overall, a B dish, not too delish... lolThe ribs were fall off the bones :) but they were too sweet!!! and frankly I wouldn't know there was root beer if you hadn't told me. It came with matchstick fries, which I found to be a little dry, but my friends liked it. The coleslaw was bland, it was barely creamy and it had dill. B plus, oh don't make me blush lolI also ordered the milkshake with nutella and torched marshmallows. On the first sip it was really good, by the time I ate the marshmallow and drank half of it, I felt lethargic lol It became so sweet and rich. But it was soo amazing in the beginning... so A minus, don't make me cuss!!! lol
4	Great place, yummy food.. a bit overpriced = $41 for a fish...
5	A diner that serves booze? Sign me up!This place is cool & funky inside, somewhat like an old fashioned diner, but more dark like a bar. So, yeah, it's a dinerbar.I came here with a fellow out-of-town co-worker, who actually picked this place, for dinner on a week night. Even though we got there relatively early, the place was pretty busy. We were able to get a table without waiting though. In the section we were in they do pack in the tables a little more tightly than I like, so don't come here planning to have a private, intimate convo.The waitress was very nice and helpful and our service was generally great. I started with a cocktail, specifically a martini which was $2 off that night (Wednesday). It was big and delicious, just the way I like them. (Confession: I like girly martinis, not "real" martinis...don't judge me!) The crowd here trended toward a younger, more attractive set, but they still let me in.The food was also excellent. I started with their tomato soup, which was (as the waitress warned me) a tad spicy but very tasty. The Dinerbar Club sandwich was HUGE and delicious. The chicken had a wonderful smoked flavor, and it was piled with bacon and avocado, which are two of my favorite things things on sandwiches. The parmesan grilled corn on the cob ($2 upcharge to sub for fries) was also great. Really, not a single complaint in the quantity or taste of my food. My co-worker had the meatloaf, which he described as "amazing", I believe.My one complaint would be that it's a little pricey for what you get, for which I deduct 1/2 star. But I rounded up 4.5 stars to 5 because I'm cool like that and I don't have many 5 star reviews.I'll definitely be back here, and I believe my co-worker went back the next night!
4	Fun restaurant. A bit loud. Fun menu with some great original items. We had fried pickles for appetizer. Sounds gross but was amazing. Onion loaf was very good too. Mac and cheese appetizer was reaaaaaaally good.I had the beef ribs which were a little over done/dry but still pretty good. Others had the fat cat burger, with pulled beef. Said it was great. Fish and risotto (halibut, catch of the day) was really flavorful. All in all was enjoyable. Was about 50$ per person tax and tip included, so not the cheapest in town, but I would definitely go back. Enough choices on the menu to satisfy everyone...burgers, salads, steaks, fish...To top it off, original and yummy desert. Apple pie/ice cream sandwich. Enjoy!
5	Love everything about this place: decoration, vibe, service, burgers are some of the best i had & milkshakes are so tasty, presentation ! fun for a small group outing Very original
4	This is a great place for a fun evening with friends. The food is fantastic and they serve large portions. I love the Lobster BLT with generous portion of lobster. I'm also a fan of their beignets. You can't go wrong with anything you order here. Highly recommended. Just make sure you make reservations otherwise you can wait anywhere between 30 to 45 min.
4	Actual rating 4.5.This is a cute place!  We stopped in for lunch here on a Tuesday and it was hopping.  After my meal, I can understand why.We ordered the set meal at $15.  The server explained that it was inspired by a Japanese concept and proceeded to explain to us what a bento box was.  I giggled inside a bit, but he was quite earnest in his explanation of this style of presentation, so I did not want to admit that we have all had a bento box before many many times.The food came out on one giant rectangular plate.  It was corned beef over top of cabbage mash potatoes, with a side of kale coleslaw and a mini dessert of some mousse thing with two raspberries on top.  Also on the plate was a bowl of cheddar soup.  Everything was very tasty though by far the soup was my favourite.  The weakest link was the corned beef itself which was a bit bland, but the side of pommery mustard and the poppy seed horseradish helped round it out.  The serving size was beyond generous and I was stuffed before I could finish my spuds.I would absolutely return here.
3	Nice ambiance, friendly staff and good dining options. Prices are a little high for what your getting but the ambience is nice. I'm sure I will go back one day.
4	I liked this place a lot. Cool atmosphere and the food was excellent.  Not your typical diner.  I suggest you make reservation because it was very busy when we went.  Good place for kids ( we had six kids/teens with us), something which is not always obvious downtown.  I think the food was a hit with everyone, great beer, and the desert menu did most of in big time.  Excellent service!  It was a great pick to introduce our friends from Cleveland to the Montreal vibes (kid friendly vibes of course...)
5	Food there is amazing and the portions are very generous! I would def bring more friends there. I was just full with appetizers.
4	I finally made it over to Deville's this week! My sister and I didn't know where to have lunch so she suggested we go splurge. We walked in and the place was packed, but didn't take long to get seated. Our waitress was a bubbly and charismatic young girl. Really friendly. My sister did the ordering, we had the Tuna taco's and the philly cheese steak spring rolls.  When the plates came everything looked delicious. We decided to start with the fresh, melt in your mouth but messy taco's. I could have eaten all three myself and been satisfied! The sauce complimented the dish perfectly. My only complaint is how expensive it was. Man, an 18$ appetizer is just madness.The philly cheese steak spring rolls were the decadent opposite of the Tuna. The meat was tender and tasty, the rolls are crispy, and the cheese sauce was ok. All in all it was a great lunch, it also helped that is was my sister's treat! LOLWhen I saw the bill for 35$ on 2 apps, I was floored. I know you need to pay for quality and location but I think it could be slightly lowered.But I'll be eating there again!
3	Interesting concept - half bar & half old school diner. The decor / atmosphere is very much bar / club but the menu is 100% diner (but with some interesting twists). Service was very good. We walked in on a Saturday night at 10pm and seated immediately, without a reservation. The restaurant was probably 90% full at that time. They have an interesting range of cocktails & martinis. Beer selection was a major disappointment - only Coors, Molson and Rickards on tap. They have a custom house beer served in a bottle called "Deville Blonde Ale" which was OK. Given the range awesome Quebec craft beers, the selection needs to be expanded. Also a decent wine selection.Food portions were humungous, probably too big (and I have a big appetite). Prices were above average but ultimately fair given the portion size and setting. These dishes can be split into 2-3 meals.          We started with the deep fried dill pickles - a total disappointment. They were clearly over fried or refried a way too many times. Yuck! The table next to us ordered the Ahi sashimi taco app which looked amazing.I ordered the Meat Loaf plate. They used a combo of Veal, Beef and Pork with aged cheddar cheese in the middle. The loaf was wrapped in bacon. It was probably the best meatloaf I ever had in a restaurant (but not as good as my mom's). It was served with mashed potatoes, carrots and asparagus. Also included a mushroom & truffle ragu which was a little too salty. A good dish overall.My companion ordered the Fat Cat burger which again was ridiculously large. There was no way to eat the burger "as is". It's served on a large brioche bun with two burgers, ribs, cheddar and a root beer house mayo sauce. Ribs were a little fatty but the burger was A-OK. A large order of fries were served on the side.Not sure I would return very often as the food is very unhealthy and the portions super sized... but if you have a craving for comfort food in a night club setting, give it a try.BK
4	This is a great stop in downtown. I have mixed feelings on the decor. It has a sort of futuristic-80's look to it. Lots of chrome and glowing overhangs. But it's certainly different. Service was great, some of the friendliest we've had in the area. Food-wise, all good. This is upscale diner food done really well. The ribs were fantastic, and sandwiches are MASSIVE. Overall, prices are on the high side - but portions are huge.  Special props to the Louis' Lunch menu item. Respect.
4	Had a very nice meal here with two friends recently.  Started out with a tasty cocktail called the Black Cherry Lemonade, it definitely could have used more than the usual 1oz shot of rum in it but it was good, just not sure if it's worth the $11 price tag.Numerous things on the menu that I would have liked to try but narrowed it down to two and I asked the waitress if she would recommend the ribs or the bacon weaved  meatloaf and I pretty much knew right away she would recommend the more expensive ribs (and she did) but thought I would ask anyway.  I went with the ribs and yes, they were excellent.  Fall off the bone meat, a pretty big portion and delicious.  The side of shoe string fries were good as well but definitely needed to be alot hotter, they came out luke warm.  My friends ordered the bacon weaved meatloaf which I did try and very much enjoyed and it also comes with some meaty truffle mushrooms which were fantastic and my other friend ordered the Bad Girl Pasta consisting of a linguine with a thick spicy sauce and a heaping of assorted seafood.  A nice mixture of mussels, large shrimp, clams and meaty scallops, she said it was definitely delicious but it's also one of the most expensive menu items at $33.I've read many reviews praising the service of the waitresses but maybe we just  caught one on a bad night because ours was absolutely nothing to write home about.  A bit snippy when taking drink orders, didn't come back to refill any drinks for quite some time and was just an overall unpleasant gal. I would definitely return to try out many more offerings from the menu though.
5	My boyfriend and I stopped in here one morning just as they opened.Sometimes that can be a bit of a curse as everyone is setting up but no problems here!We sat in the lounge and the bartender served us as she finished setting up the bar.She was very attentive and friendly!My bf had the chicken club, which was HUGE? It had crispy bacon and delicious mayo.I had the Seoul food lettuce wraps, SO flavorful! And plenty still to take home.The menu definitely was a bit pricier than we had anticipated but the service, portions, decor and ambiance were worth the couple extra bucks! Will definitely be back.
3	So.... great location, interesting decor. I'm not sure what decade they're aiming for but I'm going to go with the 80s. The service is OK. I went for lunch twice, and just wasn't blown away by the wait staff or the food. I will say this: the portions are huge, so you're getting your money's worth no matter what you order. Fried pickles: These were OK. They basically deep fry sweet pickles. It wasn't what I expected. Good, but not 'WOW I LOVE THIS.'Lobster BLTA (lobster salad, bacon, lettuce, tomato, avocado, purple mustard on a brioche bun). This was good, but the lobster was a little underwhelming as it was lacking in flavor. I opted not to eat the bread because I couldn't get my mouth around it - it was that big!Dinerbar Club: Free-range rotisserie chicken, bacon, arugula, tomatoes, avocado, maple Dijon sauce. Again, this was huge so I didn't eat the bread. I really enjoyed this - very flavorful. It's a fun place to go for dinner on a weekend night. For some reason, the decor just makes me feel like we shouldn't be there during lunch hour :)
5	This place was AWESOME!!  Everything from the decor, to the menus, and the ridiculously extravagant food and drinks ---- this place screams girly birthday dinner!  Probably would skip it for an anniversary dinner...unless you're okay with a food baby for post-dinner celebratory activities...ha! ;)  Bathrooms are beautiful.  It's definitely not cheap, but I'd say the food was well worth the price.  Pulled pork sloppy joe on MAN I still have wet dreams about you...Sub your fries for their Disco poutine fries, couldn't figure out how they were so good because they just came out looking like regular fries, but YUM!We got there around 5:30 on a Thursday night with no reservation and were seated immediately, but told we had to leave before 7:30 haha. Portions are GARGANTUAN (isn't that word fun??) and after eating at 6pm, falling into an almost permanent food coma, I wasn't hungry until the next day again around 2pm haha.We got a sangria fishbowl, which in concept is awesome, and it looked really good, was really just a giant glass of juice.  Didn't taste like alcohol and didn't get even slightly tipsy just sharing it with one other person.  Not worth $24!!Adult milkshakes looked awesome, but with portions that huge, who has room for milkshakes?!  Would love to come back and just have one in outdoor seating in the summer.
4	The milkshake and seafood pasta (named "bad girl" pasta) was really great! I really liked the ambiance and the service, very attentive! Also, the poutine was like no other poutine I had tried before and the fries were cooked to perfection o:) tad bit pricey, but worth it (:
4	What a rockin' and hoppin' place! We looked in the windows and thought "eh, just another kitchy diner". . . Then we stepped inside the door, realized there is an upstairs area, and an outdoor terrazzo. . . We were seated on the upstairs level. Within minutes, the place began to fill up, and get loud and exciting. . .  Our server Anna, was extremely fun, and attentive to our whims. I wasn't thrilled with my Hollywood cocktail, so she changed it out for another, thank you!Our dinners were excellent. I had the chicken (poulet) Schnitzel & Spaetzle. A very large piece of schnitzel that was nicely breaded and tender inside. Partner enjoyed the daily special of confit, which was truly spectacular. We enjoyed the entire evening here. Didn't really want to leave, as the vibe was just intoxicating. Loved it . . .
4	Enormous burger... but mostly importantly, tasty.  The tiny shoestring fries were pretty solid too.
4	Retro-American Diner with attitude and class.  This place has all the classics like burgers, meatloaf, and pot pie, but I was really hungry so I went straight for the prime rib, the big boy cut.  Let's back up a bit, this place looks really classy, we are in downtown YUL by the way.  The decor is super modern with a retro flair and this attitude falls into the food as well.  When you first walk in there is a bar to your left that shows off the drinks available and the bartenders that are ready to deal out some drinks.Now back to the food, the prime rib entree was large, like really big.  Normal humans should split this meal if you are getting the larger cut or you have your next meal waiting for you.  The prime rib was prepared, pink and slightly red in the middle, the outside had a slight crust/bark on it and it was heavenly.  The drinks expertly prepared by the awesome bartenders were on point as well.The only downside of this place is walking out of there a little poorer than I walked in.
5	This place is out of this world!!!! Love places that turn an already amazing meal into a god help me I must eat this forever!!!! Chicken and waffle with buttermilk sauce can't even explain...Philly cheesesteak spring roll, really...why didn't I think of it sooner. Salt and pepper calamari, can't go wrong with that... General Tao salad, was the best chicken general Tao in montreal I've find and last but not least ahi frickin tuna taco guys please please please have it!!!! You won't be disappointed!!!!!
4	Hip, retro, flashy, classy yadi yadi ya... hey the food is actually good!An American diner with flair and fusion would be my description. It was launched by the same brothers behind the landmark Reubens deli and Anton & James cafeteria right across the street. That gave me a positive idea of the quality of food and service.At first I thought it was just one of those new fancy burger joints in town, but I've heard good things and like the idea of an upscale diner bar serving comfort food and gourmet meals. Menu is assorted, some interesting food pairings like phili steak spring rolls or mac and cheese wontons as appetizers. The Asian influence extends onto salads topped off with General Tao chicken but you'll find plenty of classic American dishes from meatloaf to burgers and shakes.I came here on a Tuesday evening around 5:30, expecting it to be dead but as we walked in, half the tables were reserved. Only later I figured out the busy night was due to a hockey game. I wish we could have been seated at a banquette because the top floor had really small tables and we were squeezed in next to other couples.Waiter was professional and helpful, right away, specials of the day were introduced. He made some good recommendations, accommodated us with substitutions or special requests. I opted for the cajun salmon, since I don't do spicy, I was afraid it was going to have too much of a kick but it was nicely seasoned and flavorful. Only downside were my under cooked carrots. My partner opted for prime ribs and their "disco poutine" which has a blend of monterrey jack and aged cheddar cheese on shoestring fries. My friend, a self-proclaimed "poutine expert", first mentioned the cheese looked like Cheez Whiz and tasted like Kraft Dinner. (Honestly,  he strikes me as a picky eater) I assured him Deville wouldn't dare incorporate such ingredients! Although the gravy could have been more generous, I found this americanized version of the poutine very tasty. We also got strawberry milkshakes, a simple diner staple done well. I would have loved to try more things on the menu, the prices just aren't very conducive to frequent visits.Btw, free wifi is cool! I was able to check in right away ;)
4	Great decor - I love the Art Deco sort of feelThe ahi tuna tacos everyone is raving about deserve all the adulation they're getting Really awesome even if they were a bit messy to eat. 5 oz of tuna! Well worth the price! Our waiter was friendly and helpful but seemed easily distracted We had to wait a bit too long to get our water.Will be back to try the vegan burger at some point.
4	Mmmmmm.  Fried chicken salad!!!  Can't go wrong with a healthy dose of fried chicken!! No wait salad,  I meant a healthy dose of salad.....
5	Wow. My fiance, soon to be brother-in-law, and I did not expect this place to blow us away or even leave a single lasting impression like it did last night! We came for a late dinner (we really overate our share of poutine in the afternoon) planning to only get 1 appetizer, 1 salad, and 1 dessert to share. We arrived around 9:30PM and this place was still jammed packed. We didn't have to wait long however (only about 5 mins) and they had a table on the second floor ready for us. As we were situated into our seats, I noticed this place had a nice mix of patrons  (couples on dates, group of girls getting ready for a night out, family with kids, bros just bro-ing it up). We were soon greeted by our amazing server (Sam). He was spot on from start to finish. He was quick to answer any questions we have with the menu and great in explaining all the specials + signature dishes. My soon brother in law has literally zero spice tolerance and Sam ensured his lasagna Diablo would not be a problem. In addition to the lasagna, we also went with their ahi tuna tacos (their most popular appetizer), Neptune tuna salad (I thought my body needed some green), and Big Easy beignets. On the menu, the beignets was listed as requiring about 30 mins to make. Sam personally went to the kitchen to check how busy it was, spoke to the chef, and let us know that they would only take about 20 mins at that time. When he served our tacos, salad, and lasagna, Sam remembered our beignets and asked if we would like them to be made now or wait until we were well into our entrees first. I thought it was so nice of him to checked on us and asked for our personal preferences. Our glasses were never empty (I think he personally came by to fill our water at least 6 times) and he asked and talked a little bit more about each of the dishes we ordered. The lasagna was unique with its crunchy fried battered exterior on top of a bed of fresh tomato marinara sauce. It was literally the size of my fiance's forearm! The taco had a nice sweetness in the center and a generous serving of ahi tuna in each. The Neptune tuna salad was the size of my head. Perfect texture with the edamame, hard boiled egg, cherry tomato, and crunchy green/cabbage. Initially we thought we didn't order enough food for the three of us - but thank goodness I stopped my fiance from ordering another entree. We were beyond stuffed before our beignets. But we thought - a few petite sized French donuts - totally manageable - until we saw the Chinese take out box they came in. 8 fist sized beignet  - perfectly coated with a light dust of powder sugar, crunchy on the outside with steam flowing out with every bite, and angel soft slightly gooey/melt in my mouth taste of heaven on the inside. They were served with house made caramel sauce and chocolate mousse. The mousse was nothing I've ever tasted before. This itself can be a signature dessert on its own. After I polished my beignets, I ate spoonful of the leftover mousse.  So light, so airy, can I just have a tub of this to go? The service was equivalent to a fine dining restaurant with at least 2 busboys + 1 main server. We must have left about 30% tip and it was worth every cent. The food yes is a bit expensive but the quality and quantity made it well worth it! The three of us couldn't help but leave this place with the biggest smile. Even though we way overate, there was not a single regret. Forget duck in a can or all the foie gras madness, Deville is a must eat for all the locals and visitors!
4	My girlfriend and I went here for lunch on New Year's Eve. I had the ahi tuna tacos which were fantastic. My girlfriend had the spaghetti with meatballs that had a peppery sauce which was also good. The portion was huge. Overall the food was good and the menu had a lot of interesting choices. The service was good but the meal was very expensive for lunch. The restaurant decor was very pink but cool.
5	Food was amazing !!! First restaurant we hit in Montreal .  guillaume was our server , he was great ! Always checked on us . I got the stroganoff and it was above and beyond delicious ! Check this spot out
5	This place is definitely one of my favorite spots in Montreal. It might be a bit overpriced, but seriously, practically everything in the menu is delicious. Excellent for any occasion.
5	I loved everything about Deville Dinerbar. The location is convenient to downtown Montreal stores and hotels. The atmosphere is upscale, trendy and fun. The servers are really friendly and helpful. The drinks are plentiful. The food is even more.The restaurant features some of the foods we like best, and especially comfort foods, in a more upscale and innovative way that did not just tantalize the eyes or impress me with the inventiveness but in a way that was wholly satisfying. After a lot of deliberation over the menu, where everything from fried chicken to grilled salmon sounded perfect, I chose the General Tso salad. The salad came in a very large bowl of spinach or greens and with toppings typical of a Chinese chicken salad at most any restaurant -- expect it was topped with ginormous chunks of freshly breaded General Tso chicken. The chicken was moist and served in large portions, but not overly glazed in sugary sauce or grease. My friend also enjoyed another salad that was loaded with healthy fruits, nuts and vegetables. My mint cocktail also was excellent.What a great place with a fun vibe and good food. A must in Montreal.
5	Love this place. Five stars for the overall experience. Food quality is definitely more than adequate. Not a fine dining experience but the plates are definitely well composed. Club music plays in the background and makes for a young exuberant atmosphere. Ive been here on two separate occasions. Once for a bachelor party and once on a date with my girlfriend. Both excellent experiences. Our server was patient and responsive and unfazed even with our large group of 11. She didn't miss a single beat. Every order was met perfectly. And she had no problems with our request to split the bill. There's something to be said about the level of phenomenal service and that you get at most places in Montreal and this place is an exemplary example of that. You just don't have the same knowledgeable and well trained wait-staff here in the states, even in New York City. I digress. If you've read this far you've been more than kind. Go here. Enjoy your experience. You won't regret it.
5	Second time I'm coming here and like the first time, I loved it. Excellent food, excellent atmosphere, excellent staff! If you eat here and you don't like it, then there's something wrong with you. Visit here and you won't regret it. Highly recommended. A+
4	The venue is very original with a unique and beautiful interior design. Food is great but not always(i do not recommend the lasagna), portions are really big relative to their prices.
5	You know a burger is good when you can't fit it in your mouth. I ordered the FatCat burger (plus I added bacon, because that's just how I roll) and it was a great burger. It was quite delicious.If you plan to get dessert, make sure to order the beignets when you order your main course. It takes 30 minutes for the kitchen to make them, so they will bring them out nice and hot for you once you are done ravaging your burger. But be prepared, you cannot eat just one, and you will leave with a beignet food baby. You have been warned.
5	Dear fellow Yelpers, This is probably one of the best restaurant that Montreal can offer in terms of food proportion, originality and service. Actually I don't haveany negatives except that it can be very busy and hectic. However, I'm sure their awesome managers will be able to satisfy any of your inconvenient or arisen problem.They also have a terrace, which is definitely a major plus!Honestly, one of the few spots which I can allow myself to give 5 stars. Moreover, in terms of price, Deville is not as expensive as one ought to believe. For around, 25$ you will most likely enjoy their grandiose meal and experience in this hip restaurant.One can also choose to download their app and choose their own music from a selected playlist? How amazing is that ... Although , the lineup for songs can be pretty intense especially during the summer.As for the food, fair warning , PORTIONS ARE GIGANTESQUE. I've tried both their lunches and dinners, both are excellent!!During lunch hours , you can choose a meal from a selected country of the week. This allows you to discover other meals from deville that is inside their regular menu , I definitely recommend to try it. As for the selections inside their menu, I can't talk for everyone of them, but for the ones I've taken , I've never been disappointed. Their burger is excellent, just dry and seasoned enough to give you a melting burger taste inside your mouth within 5 seconds. Their general Tao salad is an excellent low carb choice that will fill anybody's tummy. Lastly, my favourite, the dinner bar club is HUGEEE and it's taste and unique and will probably prompt you to book another date with this restaurant, I, myself cannot describe how amazing it was ... Thus , I highly recommend for Yelpers to try it :) A vast selection of their meals come with fries. Personally, fries are one of my favourite food, and I can say that deville does not disappoint in that area-- miniature but extremely tasty.Any who, if you are still reading this, I can argue that deville is a special amazing restaurant that Montreal has to offer and usually one will be delighted to be part of such an amazing experience.
5	Coming from the States, I find it a bit ironic that I'd seek out a place serving American comfort food instead of eating French food, but this was recommended by a local and the dishes sounded delicious. Walking into the place, it reminded me of a futuristic diner, or like a Virgin America plane turned into a diner with pink lighting.I'd recommend coming with more than 2 people so that you can share a bunch of the appetizers - 4-6 people would probably be ideal. Between my coworker and I, we ordered 5 different appetizers / starters so we could try a little bit of everything. The portions here are generous - American sized, if you will.Best / Favorite Dishes:Bacon Wrapped Dog Sliders - Normally, something you'd buy on the street at 2 am after drinking, these are made fancier by turning them into sliders and putting them into toasted brioche buttered buns. They are delicious - I ate 2 out of the 3 of them and wanted more.Southern Fried Buttermilk Chicken Crispers - As if a belgian waffle and deep fried chicken weren't sinful enough, this is smothered with a maple syrup butter gravy that is both sweet and savory. Perfectly crispy and flavorful, this is some of the best fried chicken & waffles I've had.Beignets - These were also very delicious, but too much for 2 people to share - there were probably 8 or 9 of them. They were fresh and hot, and not overly fluffy like a donut hole, but not terribly dense either. Just right, dusted with powdered sugar and served with a chocolate mousse and honey dipping sauce. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.Just Ok:Fried Pickles - Good, but too much for 2 people. They were not necessarily mind-blowing, but not bad either.Ahi Tuna Tacos - I wanted to like these more, but the size of them were a little too big and hard to eat. The pieces of tuna were decently sized, and good, but there was too much of the won-ton shell and coleslaw that you weren't really able to get everything proportionally in one bite.Pass:Mini Lobster Rolls - I normally love lobster rolls, but this had too much mayo, and not enough big chunks of lobster dipped in butter.All in all, very inventive dishes. Definitely not a place to go to if you're on a diet. Don't come here and order a salad - go big or go home, and pick a bunch of not-so-good-for -appetizers to share with a large group of friends. You will feel stuffed when you leave, and you may have eaten half a stick of butter and lots of deep fried food, but it will satisfy your "comfort food" tooth for a while. I'd come back here again.
4	Glad to say that this place is not all style. It's got substance too! Been here twice and each time was memorable. The first time was the ribs with the biscuit: yum. The second was the schnitzel and those weird, but delicious, grits like things. Equally good. This is a cool, hip, and modern resto that is totally pretentious and that's ok. They're allowed to serve their drinks in fishbowls and put Cadbury cream eggs in their donuts. I want to hate this place, but I can't.
4	Really cool place a few blocks over from the hotel I was staying at.Stopped in for dinner and while the beer menu was lacking, the dining experience was still a great one.I went with the Bacon Weave Meatloaf. Oddly enough it was the bacon that left me most unenthused in the meal. The meatloaf was tasty, the mashed potatoes were great and plentiful, the root vegetables accompanying were perfectly cooked yet crispy, and the gravy was rich and tasty. But the bacon, just seemed thin and less notable of the flavours.Still, washed down with a pint of Creemore beer while listening to the sweet sounds of funk and soul in the background, I couldn't help but enjoy my dining experience. Yeah, I'm a fan!
4	The great dilemma, so many great options in Montreal so little time. Trying to avoid the chains, staying away from tourist traps we opted for this place based on proximity to our hotel and Yelp reviews.Very cool decor, fun playlist, super kind waitress. Drinks are unique, menu is eclectic   With some American classics, and a few creative twists. An overall great experience, a single star deduction for being a bit pricey. Would definitely come back. Brought 2 kids who felt comfortable.
5	I loved the style of this dine-bar.  Trendy food and drinks at decent prices.   I would definitely return.   Caesar salad, burger and souther fried chicken were great.  I preferred the kook aid fishbowl to the megarita fishbowl.   Quick service
5	Loved it! Cool modern diner vibe with groovy playlist and super friendly staff. Great cocktails & fun American food with twist. Family friendly. Ages 10+...our kids can't wait to go back. Check out the menu online...it's as good as it sounds.
3	Located in the center of downtown Deville Dinerbar serves up diner food (as you might have guessed from the name).  The decor can best be described as a modernized, trendy version of a classic diner.  There are two floors and the top one is definitely more spacious.Foodwise, they do a good job here.  The chocolate milkshake I ordered was quite decadent.  Topped with a generous portion of whipped cream it had a strong chocolate flavour.  To add to that I tried the hot chicken sandwich.  They used a brioche bun for the bread which was a good change and added a nice touch to dish.  The gravy was quite salty but it wasn't overpowering.The service was pretty decent.  While we did have a wait for someone to come and take our order it did pick up after that and was fine.  Our meals came quite quickly after ordering them.I want to give this place four stars, I really do but I feel that the prices are just a bit too high for what they're serving.  The food is good but we are talking diner-style food here so $20 for a hamburger seems excessive. I think if they'd drop their prices it would definitely be worthwhile visiting this place regularly.
3	I rate this place 3.5*Food: believe it or not, I really enjoyed the very American menu (coming from an American). Typical things you'd find in the states. I had the pulled pork sloppy joe and fried pickles and it was really satisfying. The drinks were well mixed and tasty.Service : once again, they (well, the waitress that served us) had that American customer service flare, very corky and nice. It was appropriate and fun.Decor : I would describe it as a modern diner - if those two words can even be put together. Very clean and nicely decorated.CONS : I don't care so much for prices, but must mention that I was charged an extra 2$ for more spicy ketchup. I mean, we ordered two full meals + appetizers + alcohol. I mean really? I just thought it was a really petty thing to do and would suggest the owners to not do that if customers order meals and alcohol. Really petty.
3	Definitely worth a try. All hamburgers are cooked medium well. Hamburger was decent with an average  price tag of $18. Somewhat overpriced. Fountain soda is mainly ice and no free refills. They made me add 4 dollars to substitute my fries for salad. Anyone who does this will be upset with that decision.The salad was so small and awful. It was offensive. extremely small. Lol. Got a delicious chocolate cake for dessert with a scoop of ice cream so small it was also offensive lol Although the waiter was kind the service was terrible despite the place being empty at the time. Think it's cause we asked for English menus. Lol. I'm not sure if I'd ever go here again.
4	Excellent food and excellent decor. The food and drinks are on the high end whilst still being very affordable ($$ is fair - with a bottle of wine, beers, and mains we had $40/pp for 4 people). Tuna ahi taco appetizers that I had as a semi main are WONDERFUL. The waiter recommended a Pinot Grigio wine which was excellent, and all the dishes that we have tried were excellent:- chicken schintzel- meat loaf- macaroni and cheese- burger (not sure which one - there is a full page of burgers to pick from)Overall a solid 4-5 star place - highly recommend. It is somewhat noisy, but not so much that you can't have a conversation - but expect diner level noise, not high end restaurant.
3	Good place to go before a hockey game, space is a bit right though, we were five big guys and they thought they were doing us a favor by giving us a tiny booth, felt like I was playing footsies with everyone.  Had ahi tuna fish tacos, with a hard shell that can't hold anything together...they should definitely change to soft tacos, like every other place in the works.  Burger was just ok...
4	Great spot! If you are around downtown Montreal and are looking for a good bite to eat with some great drink options, I would highly recommend!We can the mac&cheese won tons... comfort food to say the least!Next we tried the tuna tacos. I am not a fan of hard taco shells, but the wanton was a nice change with the seared tuna. The rest of the party had different versions of their burgers and greatly enjoyed. They have an extensive drink menu and a cute patio out on the back. Again, if you are looking for somewhere good in a very touristy area, I would make my way over here. We came for lunch left happy!
4	Checked out this restaurant during our stay in Montreal which is the sister to Reuben's, also in the same vicinity. This new place must have just gone in recently because it was not here when we visited over a year ago. Overall the vibe of this place is definitely a bit hipster meets 1950's diner (chrome and all). There was a little bit of a wait when we got there but we didn't mind at all. We were seated in probably 10 minutes or so which was quicker than we expected. Our waiter was awesome and when asked, even informed us of the "best" choices on the menu. From what I could see, much of the menu consisted of sandwiches, expensive steaks, a few fish choices, burgers, and salads. First my fiance and I ordered the "wontons filled with macaroni" which were awesome. Very cheesy and came with a marinara dip on the side which I didn't use much. I ended up ordering the "hot pulled chicken sandwich" which personally, I thought was blegh. For being a "hot" sandwich, it wasn't hot at all. There was also a good portion of dark meat in the sandwich that I didn't eat (not a dark meat fan). My fiance ordered the "brisket sandwich" which he said was amazing and ate completely. Besides our food, we both got mixed drinks that I thought were a bit overpriced ($11+ a piece). Mine in particular tasted very syrupy and left a coating of sugar on my teeth. This is mainly why I don't drink mixed drinks that often anymore.So overall I would say this place is neat and has a vibe all on it's own. I'm mainly giving this place 4 stars for the service, wonton appetizers, and decor. My food wasn't really the best and I definitely wouldn't recommend it to anyone. Maybe if we visit this place again in the future, I might have a different experience with the main course.
5	This place definitely delivers on a food orgasm.  Came here and ordered solely apps to share.  Everything we had was absolutely delicious, especially the bacon wrapped hot dogs, where the wiener just exploded with flavour.  Even the fried calamari, which I didn't think it was possible to differentiate on, was delicious, with a very nice nuance of black pepper.  The only dish I likely wouldn't order again would be the lobster rolls (I'm more a fan of the hot buttery ones as opposed to cold mayo).  But then again, if someone put them in front of me, I wouldn't turn them down.Just wanted to note that the service was also great.  We came here on a Friday night, where it was slammed, and sat at the bar.  We could see the bartender having to shuffle a million orders from both the restaurant and the bar.  Yet, he was very attentive, we got our food in a reasonable amount of time, and he even occasionally stopped to make small talk with the tables.
4	Had the ahi tuna tacos - great taste - wonton crisp type shell with fresh tuna and a  delicious mayo type dip - complimented with a refreshing ceasar!
4	Great food. Weak drinks. Come with friends for the food if you've already been pre-gaming.
3	I finally came here yesterday for a dinner before taking in a film at the Banque Scotia cineplex.I have to echo many of the things other posters have pointed that 1) Portions are HUGE (if you're ordering a main, then you really don't need a starter) 2) Prices are a little high for what essentially amounts to diner food. I think charging $21 for meatloaf, for instance is a little excessive.It has that cool, hip, downtown vibe but the look reminded me a lot of the whole 1980s Patrick Nagel aesthetic (think the cover of Duran Duran's "Rio" album) especially with the neon pink lighting.The food was pretty good. I started with the cream of tomato soup and it was excellent. The meatloaf, while very filling and the portion was very generous, was a little too salty for my taste, I found.I don't see myself becoming a regular here unless I'm in a fix given that decent dining options in the downtown core are pretty limited.
4	This is another random lunch place that my boyfriend and I decided to try. It had decent reviews on Yelp and the price point was right up our alley after a couple nights of expensive dinners.We both ordered the burger and fries. As we were waiting for our food, I was starting to regret not ordering a salad. So many tables around us ordered salads and they looked so fresh! However, when our burgers + fries came, I was not disappointed at all. The burger was juicy and the fries were definitely the star of the dish. They're my favourite type of fries (shoestring) and they were perfectly crispy. It was so good we ditched parts of our burger just to finish the fries.I recommend this restaurant to people who are around this area and looking for reasonably priced food.
3	Good food, had the calamari, most tender I've ever had. I had the meatloaf, very good. Wife had the regular hamburger be liked it. The bun and sauce was different and a well liked departure from an American burger. Now the bad thing, the decor, horribly cheesy, 1950s diner kitsch. White black and pink everywhere. Ruins the meal if your trying to eat Canadian food instead of Canadians trying to imitate American food.  Not a $$ restaurant, more items you want to try are in the $$$ range.  Most customers are speaking English, bad sign maybe?Good food, not a good experience if your trying to eat local Canadian food.
5	Great service! Friendly staff and amazing food! Can't wait to return!5 stars!
4	Yum!We decided to eat at this restaurant during a recent trip to Montreal due to the good Yelp reviews. It did not let us down!The decor of the restaurant is very bright and slightly cheesy; lots of black, white and pink. It didn't bother me though and I thought the restaurant had a fun vibe because of it.My family of 6 ordered a variety of food for dinner. I think between the table we tried the lamb, salmon, meatloaf, shepherd's pie, the mac and cheese wontons and the mini bacon-wrapped hot dog sliders. I personally ordered the shepherd's pie, it was different than your average shepherd's pie as it had a light croissant crust on top, but it was nice comfort food. I think everyone else liked their food as well besides the mac and cheese wontons, which my sister said could have used a sharper cheese and weren't very flavorful.Prices are on the higher end I thought but the portions are large. The service was pretty attentive if a little slow. Overall this was a good experience and a nice dinner with a good variety of options for lunch or dinner.
5	Awesome, retro restaurant and bar. Big fishbowl drinks we're fun and delicious. Staff was very friendly and attentive! Highly recommended! :)
5	I went on a Saturday evening around 6pm and the place was pretty empty. It started to fill a bit before I left so I imagine it gets popular later on. I was only 1 so I got offered a bar seat. I didn't intend to drink but I was offered several times by multiple bartenders. They were all really friendly so service was great in that regard. So I ended up trying a Hawaii 5_0 on a whim. It was made infront of me in a minute, and was served in a cute coconut shell. It was quite good and wasn't heavy on the rum, just how I like it. Good coconut taste but not overpowering. The menu is great. Think diner menu with modern high class twists. So many braised beef options. I could've ordered any of them and have been satisfied I think. The Mac n cheese wanting caught my attention and they were excellent. I love fried Mac n cheese but the wanton texture and taste was really different. The Diablo sauce was a bit cold though. My entree was a braised beef staganoff. I think it was 30$ but a price well worth it. I got 2 huge logs of super tender braised beef on a bed of spaghetti and tomato red win mushroom sauce topped with some sour creme. The sauce wasn't traditional stroganoff (the sour creme is usually mixed in and less tomato) but it was the bomb none the less. Loved it. I'd do it again no doubt. I skipped on dessert but there was a pretty interesting selection as well as bar choices for alcohol milkshakes I intended to try sometime. Atmosphere was interesting. It's modern and young. I felt awkward though as I went in with a printed Tshirt and it felt like everyone was dressed slightly more. I don't think it mattered but I'd go in a better shirt next time I think haha. So not exactly casual but not super dressed either.
4	The decor may scare you off with the amount of pink and black everywhere but resist the urge to walk away. The Deville Dinerbar is a great homage to classic diner dishes and a fantastic restaurant.The waitress was friendly and knowledgeable about the food and drinks menu. The edamame was a nice starter and well-seasoned.The Shephard's pot pie was wonderfully cooked with braised short-ribs, green peas, corn, and mashed potatoes topped with a delectable flaky pastry crust. Knowing how good the pastry crust was, the Apple Pie Ice Cream Sandwich did not disappoint.
4	A clever take on the American diner, Deville was a real surprise to my wife and me. We were just looking for a decent place near our hotel and we really enjoyed the place. The portions were large and the prices were reasonable. The waiter helped us out since it was our first time at Deville and made some good suggestions.
2	First, let me start by saying:PROS:- The staff was very lovely and friendly, and took the time to welcome you and cover the menu - The food was very good: the Maple Glazed Rotisserie Chicken was very tender, moist, plentiful and did show the maple glaze, with a rice that had just the right amount of heat from the poblanos. And the beignets, while not as great as the ones in New Orleans, were a nice touch, with caramel and Nutella dips. CONS:- The decor, as many have said, is, well, interesting - a kind of 80s chic diner, with lots of metal.  Good music on the background does help keep the place fun.- The fountain sodas DO NOT come with free refill (although I can't remember for the life of me seeing a note about that either on their website or on the menu, so it caught me by surprise a little)WORST PART OF ALL:The main reason, though, for my low rating is that, despite what Yelp says, this place should not be considered wheelchair accessible.  If anyone who's in a wheelchair and could not move out of it came to the restaurant, they'd not be able to sit anywhere.  While the entrance to the restaurant is (awkwardly) accessible, none of the tables are for someone who couldn't move out of their wheelchair.The place is divided into (two, I believe) levels.  The first floor has high bar stools, and only 5 booths - which themselves are elevated.  The second floor has many more tables and booths but, being up a few steps - becomes completely unaccessible.So I showed up to dinner at 8:05 p.m.  All five booths on the bottom floor were taken.  So while there were plenty of seats upstairs, I had to wait for one of the five booths downstairs to open.  And maybe I was just unlucky or whatnot, but it took 45 minutes for one to vacate.  (Many people were finishing their dinners, paying, and still staying to chit chat.)I can't, of course, blame the guests for sticking around in their booths once they're done eating, to chat a little more (I'm sure I've done the same).  Nor can I require the restaurant to keep a booth open at all times for disabled patrons.But it'd have been nice to have had a heads-up that the restaurant is just slightly accessible, instead of what Yelp seems to say, and that this situation could happen.  By the time I realized what was going on - how long the wait would be - it was too late to consider going elsewhere.  And it just became a bad situation for everyone.So the low stars on this, once more, is for the "false advertising" that this restaurant is truly accessible.  It's somewhat accessible, only to patrons with some mobility.  And, even then, it can lead to bad situations like the one I just experienced today.The great food and pleasant staff made up for some of it.  But I was so hungry and tired and annoyed by the time I finally got to eat that it wasn't enough to make this a pleasant experience.
5	After a long drive from the states to Montreal we looked for a place near our hotel that was not too expensive and offered food for picky kids. We were surprised at the quality and portions of our meals. The lamb shanks were delicious and the kids loved the spaghetti and (spicy) meatballs. Even the kids meal burger and fries was full of flavor. Just wished we had ordered less and split dishes as each plate was plenty for two. Didn't have room for desert but hope to go back and try their shakes.
5	I came here on a recommendation from fellow Yelper Tarim A.  It's a very clever take on the 60's-80's diner but making it look more sophisticated and hip.  As another review said, picture a Virgin America plane (pink lighting) but with booths and tables serving awesome innovative food.  As I was by myself this night, I just sat at the bar and the bartender was very patient yet efficient as she knew it was my first time and the bar was almost full as well.  It was quite packed and a great happening vibe.   What I ordered: General Tao Chicken Salad.At first, it tasted a bit bland, but the presentation was so nice, I didn't want to mix it up.  However, after a while, I decided to toss it a bit and I was quite surprised. The sauce was delicious and the General Tao wasn't your typical General Tao chicken.  It was huge chunks of chicken and well seasoned.  Do you know those huge meatballs you get at Italian places?  It was like those, but I think there were somewhere around 7-10 pieces.  Each one was divine.  In addition to having all this chicken, the salad ingredients were fresh and I think it had some sprouts, those corn thingies, and other greens.  The portion size was equivalent to any entree you get at Cheescake Factory except this was so much tastier.  Verdict: If you like to drink, have quality food and large portions in a hip setting, this is a great place to go in Montreal.
4	Great place on a Sunday morning.  Super quiet and friendly staff. Had the lobster BLTA and spicy caesar at the bar.  The matchstick fries are the best I've found in Canada.  They use idaho and not Yukon potatoes. The lobster BLTA came on a sesame crusted brioche bun.  Perfect lobster salad with lettuce, bacon, tomatoes and avocado.  Can't wait to try their burgers.
5	Great restaurant.  Try the super Hanger Steak! The  Spaghetti with Meatballs and Burger Deville are equally delicious. Service is impeccable.
4	Was very happy with this restaurant! The food was great, menu selection was diverse, servers were friendly.  I found it a bit expensive but it's also in a touristy area. The atmosphere is very fun and well designed.
4	A solid 4 star restaurant in downtown Montreal. If you don't like high bills, don't go there to eat. You are paying for the location too! First of all, the decor and staff are stellar. Very attentive waiter who I believe was training someone. They gave us excellent service! I started with a Mai Tai and I am craving another one today. I would ditch serving it in a coconut just because it takes up too much space on the table and it loses it's cuteness about 3 minutes after you get it. Started with apps of wonton wrapped Mac and cheese. Excellent! I would go again just for this.  My 4 year old didn't care for it but she only wants KD Mac n cheese!Also had the chicken tenders on a waffle. I was not a fan but my husband was. I hate sauce, syrup, relishes it whatever and was expecting the maple syrup sauce on the side. Nope, it was all over making my waffle and tenders soggy before my fork hit it.Hubby and I spilt an inside out burger since we were so full. It's a burger. Not much to say about it. Wasn't bad and wasn't epic. Almost everything they serve is on a brioche bun so you better like that...Where I had a problem was that there was no posted child's menu and when the waiter told us the pasta options (butter or tomato sauce) I asked if we could add a single meat ball to the pasta and he said no. I ended up ordering her a 19$ plate to get meatballs and she barely touched it. Options for kids should be better as they are crazy picky eaters. I didn't want a free meatball, I wanted to pay for it but was told no. Also, we asked for a side of purple mustard and we got charged $2 for that... It's a small portion for that price! Overall, it was a good meal and the service was great. Is there room for improvement? Of course there is, everyone has room for improvement.  Will I be back? Yes, next Monday actually!
5	My husband and I wanted a fun dinner out for our anniversary, so I looked up a few places on yelp. Deville Dinerbar looked like just what we were searching for. An unusual alternative to our normal dinners out. We made a reservation and when we arrived, we were seated right away. I love, love, love the decor in this restaurant. It's like a retro, yet modern cross between a casual diner and an upscale restaurant. We both ordered the blackened cajun salmon, which was delicious! The fish was perfectly cooked, with a nice spicy crisp on the outside. The rice and corn salsa were delicious, too. So the food was great, but I actually think my favorite part of the meal was the R-rated shake I got for dessert! I got the Old Rumple Eyes shake and my husband got one with devil's food cake (I can't remember what it was called). Both were delicious, but I think mine with the mint and Oreo was the best!! We loved our meal so much that we took our friend here when he visited and my husband tried the Profane Angel shake. He says that's his favorite shake at Deville Dinerbar. Our friend loved the shakes so much that he joked that from this point forward, he would never drink alcohol in non-milkshake form again. Can't wait to go back!
4	Very hip cross between a diner and a bar, in other words, something only Montreal could dream up. The food seemed overpriced but my lunchtime special burger was one of the best I've ever had. I opted for one less patty for maple smoked bacon. It was delicious. There's a good wine list and lots of cocktails but not much for beer. Service was very good too. I would probably go back for the overpriced burger because it was just that good.
5	We read about this in one of my tour books and our concierge also said it was good. They weren't kidding! My husband said it was one if the top burgers ever!! The place was hopping so I was glad I had made a reservation through help beforehand. Saved us a lot of time. I had a tuna salad which also was amazing and just what I wanted.   Service was good. Not too much or too little. So happy we went.
4	Shakes are to die for and food was great. We had very good service and for the price, it was a pretty good value considering the location. I'd go back anytime.
4	We were in Montreal for the weekend and decided to try Deville Dinerbar because of the great yelp reviews, proximity to our hotel, and variety of the menu. I really enjoyed this place very much. I had the Ahi Tuna Tacos and an order of Mac & Cheese. The Ahi Tuna Tacos were out of this world, just enough dressing, nice crispy shells, and plenty of fresh ahi tuna. The Mac & Cheese however left something to be desired, to me it was just too much cheese for the amount of mac, and a weird mix of cheeses. Our waiter suggested a great beer, my husband had a special of rib eye with dungeness crab over polenta, which he really enjoyed. We finished our meal with an order of Pain Perdu, which was just delicious!  I would definitely come here again if I'm back in town.
5	Service, food, music and decor all made my birthday a great night out! Banana cream pie for desert was perfect (cookie crust to die for). I'll be back!
5	One of the best burgers I've had in Montreal so far. Deville's take on burgers are definitely not run of the mill. My boyfriend had the inside out, it looked like a reverse flower bloom on a bun, and he loved the taste. A very friendly waitress recommended The Fat Cat burger and she wasn't wrong about the juiciness. I definitely recommend giving this place a try if you're in the mood for a fun decor and burgers.
4	I went here after yelp searching a place near my hotel for poutine. They only have one dish of poutine - and that's disco poutine. Unless there are other ones that I totally overlooked. I ordered the black cherry lemonade for a drink ( this alcoholic drink )The store is modern and clean inside with tall ceilings and large windows. Black, pink, silver is the main color scheme. The hostess is a beautiful and tall young woman. And the waiter guys aren't bad to look at either. They are sweet enough to come up and introduce the new server if the other is ending his shift.I didn't realize that the disco poutine would be such a large dish till it came. I honestly didn't know if I was supposed to eat it with my hands, or a fork. In the end I didn't finish it and had to pack up more than half of it to go. I liked my drink - but I don't feel like I loved it - it's all that I can say about that. Although I went around 3 and there were not that many people in the restaurant, it took them a while to notice me as I stared at the waitress, bartender, server to get the bill to pay and leave. The server did apologize when he came over to give me the bill and quickly doggy bagged my food to go.Besides that I have nothing really bad to say about this place. The food is pricey but because it's good it makes up for that. I will go back, maybe with more people, just so I can eat more of the variety of dishes they have to offer. Delicious!
2	WAY TOO EXPENSIVE. Food is good, but the reason I'm giving it a 2 star is because it is so so overpriced. Also our waiter was rude.
2	You know.. It amazes me how a night can be going so well and how you can rate your experience very highly in your head until in one split second the manager ruins it all for you.Unfortunately that was our experience here.I had plans to come to Deville with a few girlfriends last week and was so excited to try it out because the reviews looked great.We were seated, and right away you could feel a funky vibe from the diner with bright purple lights and cool oldschool booths lining the space. After looking at the menus, we were told that the mango mojitos were the special of the day so we went with those and they were pretty good.We then ordered our mains (I had the Adam's Ribs) and received our food in under 20 minutes. The ribs were fall-off-the-bone delicious, the cornbread sweet but well made, and the coleslaw was good too (not too smothered in mayo). I wasn't a fan of the matchstick fries, but that's just me.Others at my table also really enjoyed their food and overall experience.Once we finished dinner, we asked to see a dessert menu and were approached maybe 5 times by our server asking if we had made a decision. This was a little bit annoying because he was hovering but even then, I wasn't mentally taking any stars away from my review. We ordered the apple pie ice cream sandwich to share which was also very very well made.By that point, we had been at the diner for about two hours to 2.5 hours and had been chatting as most people do (9:30pm on a Thursday). We paid around that time also and proceeded to continue our conversation. Around 10, the manager came to our table pretty much kicking us out saying that she had reserved our table for another couple who had been waiting over 35 minutes for us to leave, and that she could seat us in a corner (our booth had access to the TV) because they wanted to watch the game, or we could just leave.Now you can imagine our disdain....no one had said anything to us about our table being reserved. We were paying customers who didn't really overstay their welcome in terms of going out for dinner, drinks, and dessert. And you can't just kick people out because they've paid their bill and now someone else wants our particular table (which was nothing special by the way).So, as you can imagine, the three of us left with a very bad taste in our mouths, and although I was really excited to bring other friends and family to try out the food here, it's safe to say that I will definitely not be back. There are tons of delicious options in Montreal with excellent service as I've mentioned before in another review or two. Bad service or being spoken to as we were for no reason is really not acceptable in a city where competitors are a dime a dozen.But to those of you reading to see if the food is good, it is. The service was quick and the decor is well done. Before the manager came over, I was planning on a 4 star review, but two stars removed for this unneccesary action on her part........
3	Not too bad. The food's pretty good, and the portion sizes are fairly big. Food can be a bit greasy, but depends on the menu item you order. The service staff is mediocre, they'll answer your questions (don't expect much more). While the ambiance is supposed to recreate an 'upscale' fifties diner, it gets very loud, and the tables are a bit too claustrophobic. The drinks are decent, even if what's served doesn't match the menu.
4	I went there on a busy Friday night with friends. Deville has a very nice retro vibe with cozy U-shaped dinner seats on the first floor. It can get very busy but we had a reservation and so were seated right away. We tried out their popular Ahi Tuna Tacos. They were as good as other reviewers made them out to be and I highly recommend getting a plate to share with friends. We also each got a burger. The burgers were on the pricey side for students but very filling and juicy. Be ready for a whole lot of meat. Special mention to the crunchy small fries that came with them.
4	After a long 11-hr drive due to stopping multiple times for my friends to take photos of their first snow experience, we finally arrived to this restaurant recommended to us by another friend. This place was too cute and very swanky for a diner bar, even the bathroom was cute. It was a two level restaurant and my friends were already seated at the top so we joined them. I read that you have to get the milkshake here which I did along with the lobster BLTA without the B. I'd have to say the marshmallow shake with nutella was delish and so was the sandwich as well. I wouldn't mind coming back here again if I'm ever in Montreal.
3	pretty good burger, friendly staff, the spiked mint oreo milkshake was really good (but also $12) kind of weiner-y atmosphere and couldn't tell id it was a joke or not
3	It's overpriced for what you get. I simply can't state it enough. There is an unpublized kids menu, so if you are thinking about bringing the family - know that you have options for your children.
4	Very close to our hotel we decided to drop by , a very nice high end diner with generous portions , unique combinations and friendly staff. , service was a but slow for New Year's Eve but it's the season to have patience ...
5	For a diner its a five star, trendy and great tasting food.  The music is very good as well 80s music , great milk shakes , fries ,overall I loved this place , nice bar , off a Main Street , people coming n going . Overall very happy
5	We drove past this place once before and was attracted from outside. Today (New Years day) we were planning to go to Kinka Izakaya but it wasn't open, so we thought about this place to try out. The presentation of food is very appealing and the taste is equally good. Cocktail on daily special is so so but the ones from the regular menu are great. Staff is friendly and funny too. Glad that we chose this place to spend the night on New Year's Day.
3	Trendy Diner, probably the trendiest I've ever been.Good food BUTOVERPRICEDService was goodHoweverOVERPRICEDIf this is a diner, it would be $$$$ stars.If you have tons of cash to burn, this is your place !
