5	What can't you say that's great about this office?  I've never had a dentist office where I was actually looking forward to going.  Great staff; Libby is an amazing hygienist.  She's always super friendly, loves to get to know you, and gets the tough stuff done quickly!  Dr. Edington is extremely professional and also very friendly and efficient.  The office is very clean all the time, and the receptionists always greet me by name even though it's been months since my last visit.  Go to this office! You will not regret it!
5	I just had my first appointment and I am impressed. I was greeted by Stephanie who shook my hand to introduce herself since it was my first visit. Stephanie offered me a bottle of water which I thought was a nice touch.  I was taken back right on time and had my x-rays done by the dental hygienist.  She was very sweet and caring.  It did take a little while for Dr. Edington to look at my teeth but they have a tv you can watch to pass the time.  Dr. Edington was very professional and caring and didn't push any products on me like other dentist offices have.  He wasn't rushed at all, and answered all of my questions.  I got a billing estimate for my next visit and it looks good.  I have had billing issues with past dentists who wouldn't listen to me regarding how much I had to pay.  I will update after I go to my next appointment in a month.  I hope it will be the same experience that I had today!
5	I had my first appointment today.  My original appointment wasn't until next month but I asked to be put on the cancellation list.  To my surprise, Stephanie called me and said someone had cancelled. I still have to have another appointment and due to my limited availability, it isn't until late October.  I have to take away half a star because I found out today they are closed on Fridays.  Since this is the case, I really wish they would have one day of the week where they would open at 12 pm and stay open until 8 pm.  It is hard to schedule appointments when you have nobody to watch your kids and have a husband who works long hours.
5	THE BEST EVER...I have had good and bad experiences with dentists in the past. I must say that Modern Dental Care gave me the best experience ever. Very friendly and knowledgable staff. Prompt service, with friendly guidance. Dr. Mark Edington does terrific work. I felt very welcome and comfortable at every visit. I recommend Modern Dental Care for anyone with any oral emergency, tooth ache, regular maintenance or just a cleaning. You will be glad you chose them!Thanks!Dave
5	From the moment I entered the office until I left...it was an A1 experience.  I have not received that kind of superb treatment/customer service in a long time. (Really ever if I can remember)I enter the office and a smiling welcoming receptionist greeted my by my first name.   I did not even have to introduce myself and she even pronounced my name correctly..That just showed me right there how attentive she/they were. Stephanie was her name and she even shook my hand.  I had to fill out the usual paperwork and before I sat down to do so..I was offered some bottled water.  I was called in and xrays were done and had to go back to the waiting room because they were behind due to and emergency patient they had to take care of. As I went back to the waiting room, Stephanie came out to me and handed me an envelope.  She was very apologetic that I had to wait and she exclaimed they don't like their patients to wait.  (OMG- they gave me a gift certificate for some frozen custard and a movie ticket!!!)Who does that? I have been to several medical appointments where I had to wait forever and not even a simple sorry was said.  They even have blankets for patients that might feel a little chill from the AC.  I love it cold and love AC but it does get nippy just laying there.  Next appointment I know how to dress.  lolFor my next appointment I was given an appointment form-time, date, etc but the important part was the breakdown of the total cost and what insurance will take care of and part is my responsibility. My son's appointment is coming up and my son says he hopes they are late so he can get comped.  hahahahhaahhaI definitely will be spreading the word to my friends, family and co-workers on how great this office is.  Oh ya- Dr. Edington is not bad to look at neither.  (wink)
5	These guys always do a great job. Out of all the dentists I have had in my life, the ones here are probably the best ones. They do the best job at cleaning as well as make it as pain free as possible. The hygienist are extremely thorough and well skilled in their profession. A friendly, comfortable, professional environment. I would not trust anyone else to do my dental treatments after finding this place. Great work!
5	Growing up, my mother wasn't particular vigilant at making sure I went to the dentist. I brushed everyday and never complained of pain so routine-visits weren't really necessary. *Cavity-Free Club Yo* But alas, here I am in my early-20's with an on-set of OCD regarding my personal health & wellness so I'm now in the dental chair for regular cleanings and check-ups.After a botch dentist told me I had 5 cavities, I knew he must be a quack trying to leach from my wallet and drain my dental insurance. I asked around at work for a REAL dentist which legit business practices and I found my way to Dr. Mark Edington's office. He came highly recommend and since then I haven't been disappointed. He's a nice guy and doesn't make me feel self-conscious over my gum issues. Which, might I add, are getting better.And is it possible for so many genuinely nice people to exist in one office? The whole team is friendly! Administration, hygienists, dental assistants... They're all friendly! And not just the B-grade "Hi, how are you" friendly. I mean like people who are actually nice in and out of the office friendly. They actually remember that my name is Marian Yuhi Kim... and that I prefer to go by Yuhi. *gasp*Every visit, Dr. Edington asked if I ever planned on taking my wisdom teeth out. They had all erupted (one of which was impacted) but they never bothered me. I talk for a living so I preferred not to deal with it. He never pushed the issue saying I "needed them out immediately" like so many other dentists would say. But finally two years later, by personal choice, I had all four of my wisdom teeth ripped out. Excuse me, 'pulled out.' And unless it's the Valium talking, I have to say it was a much smoother experience than I was expecting.    Other than the worst pain I've experienced in my whole life, I was pretty satisfied by the whole thing. In case anyone is wondering, the drugs didn't work on me. Advil all the way!(800 mg of ibuprofen to be exact).Next up, Invisalign.
1	update:Got 2 calls out of the blue from modern today asking me to update my review because it was factually incorrect. According to THEIR records I was only advised i needed crowns, not root canals. They did not deny any of the other facts. My last 2 dentists have remarked that I have incredible teeth and that they're in great shape.Went in for a routine checkup with slight pain in 1 tooth, dentist informed me I had 7 cavities to fill and 2 root canals. Allowed him to do 1 cavity (big mistake), filling wasn't seated correctly and had to be redone. Visited my family dentist back home for 2nd opinion who informed me that not only did none of my remaining teeth need to be touched but the amount of tooth removed for the very small cavity I had was 3x more than necessary.It seems I'm not the only person who was treated like a sucker here.
5	My experience at Modern Dental has been great! I am always greeted by a staff who knows my name and offers a bottle of water.  Dr. Edington is incredibly friendly.  I had to have a wisdom tooth extracted and was a bit nervous.  He talked to me the entire time and was quick.  I love my hygienist as well, and I hate that I can't remember her name... Overall, a great office and staff.  I will never go to another dentist while living in Las Vegas!
1	Ask for credit card while STILL IN THE CHAIR before work was begun!
5	I finally found a dentist I can trust, its such a relief! Dr. Edington goes above and beyond to take extra great care of his patients. It is rare these days to have a Dr. take the time and effort to assess the patience needs and give nothing but the best individualized care. He is a true "perfectionist," and is very thorough,but gentle. I have had such bad experiences with dentist in the past, I have had crowns put on wrong and pain miss diagnosed, I even developed a phoebe to dentist. Dr. Edington helped me over come that, he not only addressed my fears, but made sure I understood his care plan, and ensured that I was comfortable and relaxed during the entire procedure. He has also given me great advice on how to care for my teeth so don't have problems in the future. I have been to this office several times and the staff is so welcoming and kind. Each staff member is well trained and committed to the high standards held by Dr. Edington. If you are looking for Dental Care with high standards and ethical practices, and is affordable, Modern Dental Care will not disappoint!
5	My husband and I have been going to this office since it was opened.  I have been extremely pleased with Modern Dental Care.  The staff is very friendly, the office is clean and modern, the hygienists (I've seen both Libby and Jessica) are very professional and make you feel at ease.  Dr. Edington is a wonderful, gentle dentist and I feel like our smiles are well-cared for.
5	I always have a good experience here. Friendly staff, makes you feel like you're really appreciated. Great dental work when I need a drill and fill, but with regular maintenance I've been able to avoid that for over 2 years (yay!).
5	I've been going to Modern Dental for a couple years.  Im always impressed at the friendly professional treatment. Even after moving out of town, Id rather travel to see them instead of finding a new dentist.   No one likes to go the dentist, but they make the experience pleasant.  Dr. Edington takes the time to explain procedures and really cares about his patients.   Lori and the front desk are awesome!  They always greet me with a smile and friendly attitude.  I feel they go above and beyond what is expected. I would definitely recommend them.
5	This place is awesome. The staff is always super friendly and professional. They even offer free water bottles to clients while they wait which is a nice welcoming touch. They are very efficient, I was checked in and having my cleaning in a matter of ten minutes. They also are really good about reminding you of you appointment. I receive text messages from them to remind me, which is great. Overall great experience.
5	Staff and Dr are so talented, proficient and caring.  They all work together to make it as comfortable and pleasant of an experience as possible.  I was really nervous about getting a filing because I know I'd have to get anesthetic. .. To my surprise, I didn't feel a thing! Dr Edington is so talented.  His work is flawless and you can tell he is a perfectionist and loves what he does.
5	It's hard to find an honest, professional dentist in the Las Vegas valley, but this is definitely one of them!
5	As much as any person doesn't want to go to the dentist, this is one of the better places.  After doing research for dental care. I picked this place. Dr. Mark Eddington is the best dentist. Libbey is a great dental hygienist and very caring during your visit. I would not go to anyone else!!!
