1	Being new to the city and needing a tailor, I looked around online and saw this place was very well rated, so I thought I had found a shoo-in to help me shorten some dresses. I needed both to hit my mid thigh, but instead I got one that barely skimmed my ass and another that fell to my knee.When I addressed this concern, the tailor became extremely defensive and unwilling to try to help me fix both pieces, instead blaming me for "changing the length I wanted" after she had altered the dresses. She continued that she was very good at her job - no doubt about that part - but that pretty much insinuated that it was definitely my fault because there was no way in hell a professional like her could scuff a job like this. It wasn't until she realized that I was going to take my business somewhere else to adjust the dresses that she tried to offer to alter them again, but not without another hefty price tag. I had bought both dresses at outlet prices, but I had been willing to pay more than they were worth to get them altered and I trusted these online reviews. I was disappointed by the lack of customer service I received. Had she been more accommodating, perhaps I would've stayed. But the fact that she was so accusing and brusque made me feel attacked as a guest and extremely put off. I ended up leaving with a $140 bill, an unwearable dress that's short enough to be a top, and another that is now so unflattering I feel like my calves have ballooned whenever I wear it. Whatever happened to "the customer is always right?" Probably dumped in the parking lot.
1	After posting a similar review on Google, which is where I found this place, the tailor called me back on my cell phone two days later, demanding to know why I wrote a poor review of her business, calling it all "lies."My main issue with this place is the customer service, and not so much with the work itself. I am not too happy with her contacting me through my personal phone number, speaking to me in a way as if she were trying to bully me into either changing my review or deleting it all together. I'm glad that the other reviewers online were happy with her handiwork, but shouldn't I be entitled to write about my personal experience as well, even if it isn't five stars?
4	I'm very pleased with the work Jolanta did for me.  I asked her to fix a shirt which I paid a ton of money for.  I was concerned that whomever I took it to might mess it it.  The alteration she made on this item was superb.  Very professional and her prices seemed very fair.  The other item I had fixed was a dress I purchased in Paris and it had a lot of sentimental value to me.  The fabric was very fragile but she stitched it up  and now it looks fantastic.  My only complaint is the fact that she stated she preferred cash to me using a credit card.  I understand why because of the bank charges, but credit cards (I was using my debit card) rule in commerce today, so she might want to make it easy for her customers by allowing them to use their cards.  I never use cash and had to run to the bank before I headed over there.   I love the location.  I hope she stays there and doesn't move to Summerlin.
5	I am very pleased with the professionalism and workmanship of Jolanta at Expert Tailoring and Alterations. If you want some one who really gets it and knows how to fit your clothes to your body, this is where you should go. I've been to many tailors and I've never been as happy as I am with Jolanta. She has fixed 3 shirts that I thought were impossible and she did a beautiful job. She was able to change the style and fit of two skirts of mine and all my jeans go to her. she makes them fit in the hips and not too tight in the waist. Im always treated like family when I see her and I enjoy working with Jolanta very much.
5	Jolanta is an expert in Tailoring! I brought her a very expensive suit jacket for alterations, and when it was finished I was impressed with her quality. I recommend her to any of my friends, and I will be back.
2	WAY to expensive. I brought 2 pairs of jeans to be shortened($35 each) and 2 sets of curtains to be shortened 3 inches ($120) for a total price of $190. It would of been cheaper for me to buy myself 2 new pairs of jeans and 2 new curtains that fit my windows. Her work was equal to any other tailor I have ever experienced. Save yourself some money and go somewhere else.
4	This review is for measurement only **I walked in to the store and was greeted nicely. I had told Jolanta that I needed to get measured for a Vietnamese dress called an "ao dai" and she had no idea what that was but that's okay, she measured me for it anyways. So she took her time to measure me and wrote my measurements on a note card.  $20 not bad. However,  when I turned in my measurements, I received an email saying that my list was incomplete so I returned a couple of weeks later to complete it,  and she remembered me!I told her the situation and she went straight ahead for a note card and patiently re measured me completely completely the list. She didn't charge me again,  which I appreciate.  All I could say is, if you want to get measured,  just being a list of things you need and she will do it for you. Her English is still in the process of learning but she's definitely trying. Give her a chance.
