5	I originally found Shaina (the owner) when l lived on the west side of town. She was close by and had great reviews so I gave her a shot. I've now moved to the complete opposite side of town and still drive all the way to South Rainbow to get my Brazilian wax by Shaina! Being in the beauty industry myself, I've been waxed by numerous people and no one has done as great of a job as Shaina. She makes you feel comfortable, she's quick, the shop is spotless, she's organized and always sends you a reminder text. It can be kind of intimidating getting a Brazilian wax done the first time... But Shaina is super knowledgeable about what she does. She reassured me that no question is a silly one, and that she's heard it all! So no need to feel embarrassed or shy.  P.s. The first one is painful (I'm not going to lie) but Shaina gives you helpful tips on how to ease the pain. (Like, drinking coffee!) but the 2nd wax is a million times easier! And trust me... It's worth it!
5	I first found Pink Cherry (Brazillian and Brows) through yelp.  I read quite a few reviews on yelp and decided I wanted to get my first brazillian with Shaina, her reviews were amazing and it being my first wanted the best experience possible.  The wax itself was very painful, but Shaina being her wonderful self, helped me get through the whole thing.  She talked to me the whole time and before I knew it , I was done!I went back for my second wax today and it was at their brand new location.  The place was so cute and very comfortable.  She will take you back into your own private room and have you out minutes later.  This time I used numbing cream (highly recommended) I barely felt a thing.  I think Shaina might have some available at her shop, worth asking!
5	I have been going to Shaina for ALL of my waxing needs for years now and I seriously can't say enough good things about her and my experiences at Pink Cherry: Brazilian & Brows Specialty Waxing. The new location is AMAZING down to every detail. Gorgeous!! It is super clean, beautifully designed throughout to that of a high-end boutique, super friendly and professional staff, awesome products (that I love to buy!), and I couldn't imagine going anywhere else to get waxed! Honestly, it doesn't matter where you are coming from, this place is worth the trip as I know I wouldn't think for a second to go anywhere else!!! I have gotten waxed for years (eyebrows specifically), but it's always left me frustrated with the shaping of my brows and the experiences have always been mixed in terms of satisfaction. When I started coming here, Shaina was super friendly, quick, and professional! She actually ASKED me what I was needing in terms of the shaping and not only did she help my shape grow back beautifully, I literally know I can go in to my appointment and just TRUST her completely that I will leave with amazing brows! She is very detail oriented (as it shows in every aspect of her business) and while I may have found her purely by LUCK in the past, it is one find I have never regretted!! I have recommended this place to all of my family and friends and literally have family members who FLY into Vegas and go to Pink Chery: Brazilian & Brows to get waxed by Shaina! I have had Brazilians and Bikini waxes here as well and they have been as painless as possible and not to mention quick. Shaina is great at talking to you through the whole thing where it makes you nearly forget what your appointment is for and by the time you do, it's over! ;) I honestly can't say enough good things about this place and why I would recommend going here for all of your waxing needs!! Try this place once and you will be hooked!!!By the way, I absolutely LOVE the "Whoopie Hand Cream"..it smells soooo delicious and leaves your skin feeling SUPER soft!!!! I've only seen it at THIS store but I recommend it to all my friends to give it a try and it would make a fantastic gift! And what I love even more is how AFFORDABLE all of the products are!! Love it!!!
5	Shaina is just amazing. She is so friendly and professional, not to mention efficient- I got a Brazilian done a week ago and it was quick, easy, and almost PAINLESS! (I used the "Relax and Wax, No Scream Cream"she sells there, before I did my Brazilian and I'm telling you right now.. this product WORKS!! If you don't like pain.. then I definitely encourage you to buy this cream.) I've done my eyebrows, underarms and Brazilian with her for almost 3 years now and have gotten nothing but GREAT service and results. The staff is always so nice and courteous.They are very flexible with appointments and always try to accommodate to your schedule. The boutique itself is absolutely BEAUTIFUL; it's very well decorated and clean.  Highly, HIGHLY recommend you to come here :-)
5	Wow, it's so pretty in here!  It feels very welcoming and high end. I was referred here by a mom on Facebook, and wanted to come support a local mom-owned business. The service I received was eye brow shaping and tinting. Shaina was very concerned with my request: natural looking brows shaped properly to my face. She is a natural and you can tell she loves helping people for a living!My brows were perfect, not over done. I have since  referred a few friends. Can't wait to do it again!
4	Shaina is the best!  I have been going to her for over 4 years!  She's so sweet and accommodating and also a perfectionist. She doesn't just wax you just to take your money and run. She waxes because she wants you to feel beautiful!  She waxes your brows for long term goals not just what looks good for the time being!  Stop by and see Shaina at PINK CHERRY at her new location on S.Rainbow!!!  I promise you won't be disappointed!
5	I've been going to Shaina for all my waxing needs for over a year now. No one can get my eyebrow arch as fierce as she can, or my brazillian as smooth as her!  She does this all quickly as well, so you can get in and out in a jiffy if you're just stopping by during work hours or lunch. Plus, her prices won't break the bank especially if you're on a budget. I started going to her when she was still at the old location (Brazillian 'n Brows), and I can't be more proud of her new store. It's styled beautifully in there!  It's comfortable and you know you're totally taken care of. She also has a ton of information and tips that she shares for free. I highly recommend Shaina and her business to all the waxing snobs out there. I've had my bad share of aestheticians, and am eternally thankful for finding Shaina. Not only is she an outstanding professional, she is also a wonderful human being all around with a shining personality.
5	I've been coming to Shaina for quite some time. She makes the experience quite pleasant and fun!! Shaina is down to earth and will make you feel comfortable during your time with her. If you have any questions please don't hesitate to ask her.This was Brazilians and Brows and has move to this lovely area on Rainbow.Located in the same area as Patty's Closet.
5	When it comes to getting a Brazilian wax, I am pretty sure it's impossible for it to be completely pain-free but I have to say this place is as close as it can get. The ambience is amazing and you can tell they really care about their customers. I've been getting waxed for over 5 years now and I am really impressed with Pink Cherry's services. Best Brazilian wax by far!
4	Shaina was so awesome and friendly. She made sure to ask me all the questions to find out exactly what shape I wanted and how I wanted my brows to look, she even tinted twice to get to the exact color I wanted! My eyebrows are hard to get symmetrical and even and she did so good, took her time and paid attention to detail.
5	I'm going to start out by saying that I absolutely adore Shaina. Not only is she very professional and friendly, her work is impeccable and you will never be disappointed. I've been coming to see Shaina for all my waxing and coloring needs for well over a year and have always been so happy with everything that she's done for me. I've had brazilians, brow waxing, brow coloring and eyelash tinting; everything has been done perfectly and as painlessly as possibly. We all know that sometimes waxing does hurt but Shaina tells you when to breath when necessary and keeps you laughing and talking the whole time so you don't even realize what is going until its over and you're all beautified!! I can honestly say that I look forward to my appointments every time because its like I'm going to have a quick hang out with a friend because we end up joking and talking the whole time. I now go back every 3 to 4 weeks to get my brows and tinted because I just couldn't imagine my life without Shaina and her magic! Her work is so amazing too that I'm constantly complimented on my eyebrows by random people and friends as well! If you have any reservations or thoughts about where to go for any waxing needs look no further and go see Shaina, I can promise you won't regret it!!
5	My first Brazilian was with Shaina. I was nervous/anxious about getting waxed for the first time but wanted to give it a try. I read reviews about different wax salons, especially pertaining to first time waxers...and I found Shaina! I was surprised: my first time was virtually painless! Shaina is an expert at what she does. She is very professional and guides people through the procedure. I have been getting waxed now for 2 years and even though I no longer live in Vegas, I go to her whenever I'm in town!
5	My wife has been coming to Shaina for a long time and always tells me how great she is, and that I should give waxing a try. I got tired of shaving my chest and stomach and decided to give Pink Cherry a try. I came in and the receptionist was really nice. Shaina was really great. She made the whole experience really comfortable. It wasn't even half as bad as I thought it was going to be. No 40 Year Old Virgin moments. I was in and out in 30 minutes. I highly recommend it to any guys that are thinking of getting their chest waxed. I will definitely be coming back!
5	I have been going to Shaina for a while now for all my waxing needs. I love her new location. It is so close to mountain's edge. It is a great addition to the southwest part of the valley. Ladies getting a brazilian never gets any easier. However, you are in great hands with Shaina. She has such an upbeat personality. Shaina will have you laughing during your entire appointment that you actually forget your getting a brazilian. Her technique is quick, so you're not there thinking how much longer is this going to take. Check her out if you live in the southwest part of the valley.
5	Pink Cherry: Brazilian & Brows Specialty Waxing is AMAZING. I have been going to see Shaina for waxes since I moved to Las Vegas last year. She is friendly, experienced, professional and always does perfect job. She makes waxing as quick and comfortable as possible. Also,  her salon is clean and impeccably decorated. Prices are extremely reasonable, and she has some really wonderful skin care products, and specialty soaps for purchase. I especially love the "Pink Cherry" soap that was made specifically for her shop. Its natural, smells great and exfoliates my skin. I highly recommend going to Pink Cherry for all your waxing and aesthetic needs.
5	Shaina is amazing at what she does!  I have been going to her for my waxing needs for the last few years. I'm so happy she has her own store! The location is easily accessible and in a shopping center with other small businesses. The store is lovely and you can tell everything is very clean!  One of the best things about seeing Shaina is she is able to squeeze you in last minute which is good for me since I'm notorious for poor planning! I would recommend this store to anyone who needs to get their eyebrows in line or fears the pain of a bikini/brazilian! They're practically painless and done in a flash. Make sure if you're going for the first time you grow your hair out for 6 weeks for the best effect. Love,  love,  love pink cherry wax!
5	Such an awesome space! Super clean, inviting, and well decorated. As soon as you walk in, you're greeted with a warm smile and welcome at the front desk. If you should have to wait for a few minutes, check out the lotions and oils in the retail area. You won't regret the purchase. They smell amazing! Shaina knows what she's doing. I've been a customer of her's for years with good reason. She knows how to make you feel totally comfortable and at ease if it's your first time getting a brazilian. She has her technique down to get it done as quickly as possible with minimal discomfort. I've tried others, and always had a hard time with ingrown hairs in the most precious of precious areas of my body. Shaina on the other hand will leave you hairless, and also take time to explain aftercare to minimize the possibility of ingrown hairs. She also sells products on site to help you take care of your after waxing needs.If you have ever considered getting a brazilian wax and are apprehensive. Don't be. Go see Shaina!
5	Shaina is absolutely amazing! This was the first time that Shaina has done my eyebrow waxing and it was so nice that she spent time getting to know exactly how I liked them and what I wanted. She gave my suggestions on what she thought would look best for me. I felt so comfortable with her doing them and loved that she wasn't rushed. She took her time and made sure I was happy with them. She did them right the first time and I didn't need or want anything changed but if I did she would have happily of done it and not acted annoyed, like previous places I have gone to. After she was done she even gave recommendations on how to keep my eyebrows looking good in between visits with her. I didn't have an appointment and just popped in and she was able to get my right back, which was nice since I had my daughter with me. The place is decorated really cute and is super clean and inviting. Definitely recommending her to my friends and family. I just recently moved to California and am sad that I won't be able to come to her regularly,  especially since I just found her.
5	This was the first time I've ever done waxing. I originally chose them because of their proximity to where I live. But, I will return. The staff was quite friendly, yet professional. I was put at ease throughout the whole process. Everything was explained to me as well as any follow up personal care. Even though it was my first time, I felt like I wasn't treated simply as a customer but almost as an old friend. This place was great!
5	Super in love with this place! The staff is super friendly and inviting. I will be getting all my waxing needs here from now on. I needed a last minute appointment & they were able to accommodate me 30 minutes after I gave them a call. When I first walked in, I was greeted by Mayeli. She seemed like a genuinely nice person & was very helpful. I got my wax from Shaina. She is pretty amazing. She had some entertaining stories to tell to distract the pain. She told me how she's a perfectionist, which I love because I am one myself. I will definitely be coming here again. Service and product is amazing.  Overall a wonderful experience!
5	I love this place already. Shaina did a great job, and after telling her my past experience with other wax salon she went above and beyond, giving me a better experience. I recommend everyone to come here. This is the #1 spot to go to for any wax in Vegas !
5	This place is amazing. I moved here a few months ago and have been here twice for waxing. I'm so glad I was able to find someone that makes me feel comfortable! The 20 minute drive is worth it!!!
5	Seriously awesome and adorable little boutique. This was my first time getting my legs waxed (hubby was coming home from deployment) they told me everything I needed to know and made me feel so comfortable!! And to boot it stung a little...but really not as bad as I thought! will totally be returning :)
5	Waxing is no fun, but I see it as a necessary evil. Thank goodness for Shaina at Pink Cherry! I appreciate her efficient and slightly OCD tendency to get the job done as fast, thorough, and as painless as possible. I also love the new establishment. It is so clean, cute, and welcoming. I appreciate cleanliness and order since it's all about grooming anyway... it doesn't hurt that Shaina has a kick ass personality and that in itself will make you want to be a loyal client as well
5	Best waxing experience! The staff is so friendly, the environment is immaculate and inviting, and pricing is reasonable. Shaine explains everything and is so nice! She really gets to know her clients. Worth the drive :)
5	If you're looking for a wax specialist... Shaina is your girl! When you first walk into Pink Cherry Wax, you'll be impressed with the friendly staff and super posh decor!  I love that the hygiene is well maintained!!! Shaina makes sure to get the job done as fast as possible.. and she is thorough... A little OCD never hurt anybody! I've tried a few places and she is by far the best!  Look at all the 5 star reviews.. Do yourself a favor and book an appointment ASAP!
5	Awesome place, front desk is very friendly and personable. First time here and when I called to schedule an appointment a mistake was made but they still fit me in to get my eyebrows done. I had no discomfort and Shaina made me feel so comfortable that it seemed I've been seeing her for yrs. I explained to her what I wanted and she listened to me. I've been going to a different place for 11 yrs and they did a good job for the most part but Shaina did a great job and put this other place to shame, plus it's closer to be and I don't have to drive to Henderson.
5	Shaina was flawless! Super friendly and made sure I got exactly what I wanted out of my eyebrows. Pink Cherry Wax was a cute and clean store, and I'll definitely be going there again!
5	Love, love, love this place!! My brows are perfect,  Shania knows what she's doing and they come out perfectly every time! No more caterpillar brows! For any wax service you need to go to her, you'll be so very happy you did! Xoxo Thank you!
5	I started going to Shaina, when she was at the old location. I moved to Vegas 2 years ago from California and would have to drive to back every time I needed to be waxed before. I was not able to find anyone that knew what they were doing in Las Vegas. Then I met Shaina she is amazing so fast and knows what she is doing. I know that I am in good hands when I go into Pink Cherry!!!! I would recommend it for anyone whether you have been waxed before or if its your first time you always feel comfortable and know that you will receive amazing service.
5	Shaina was awesome ! I HATE brazillians because they always hurt so bad and I have to say this was the least painful wax I have ever had. She will def be my go to girl ! The place is cute and very clean ! Thanks !
5	I've been seeing Shaina for ages and she's awesome! she's always very thorough and I'm in and out of my Brazilian wax appointment in 20 minutes or less. I actually live in Henderson now but I still drive out to her location on Rainbow just to see her. thanks shaina for always keeping me groomed!
5	Shaina was very friendly! Everything was clean and hygienic. She did a great job! When I was looking for a good place to go to, hygiene was #1 on my list. Wipes were provided to freshen up, she wore gloves, fresh paper was laid on the waxing bed, there was no double dipping, gentle and effective wax, fabric sheets to remove the wax were used instead of pressed or paper ones, and she used focused light throughout to make sure she found all the hairs. She then went in with tweezers to remove the few hairs that were left. It was a wonderful experience. I got there late and I was still taken in. It also only took about 15 minutes. Shaina made it as painless as possible and also had me do breathing techniques for the more sensitive areas. It was a breeze! Also, on the website they also let you know not to worry about trimming which was nice so I didn't have to worry about preparing beforehand.
