4	Locates North-East corner of Rural and University, same strip mall with Blockbuster and Tempe Bicycle. Even though it won't officially open until Thursday (11/13), Yogurtini already attracts a number of ASU students every night.As a frozen yogurt fan, I immediately checked it out. The place is simply decorated, a lot more spacious than other local competitors.Yogurtini is a self-serve store. You fill up as much yogurt and toppings as you want, weigh it and pay. The price is relatively cheap for what you get 0.39 per ounce (about $4 in average to fill up the cup).They offer 10 yogurt flavors (traditional tart, mango, peanut butter, etc.), topped off with 50 kinds of toppings, from the traditional fruits (strawberries, pineapple) to mochi to sriracha.There are outlets and internet service which is a HUGE deal in this college town. It gained 1 full star just for this plus the location.Also, they do provide lid if you're on the go.
5	Yum!  Yum!  Yum!  I am so thrilled to have a self serve yogurt shop within driving distance of my house.  Now if it wasn't almost a 20 minute drive it would be even better.  I have already been 3 times in so many weeks.  I am a fan of tart frozen yogurt and got to try the original and mango tart.  Both were yummy.  My kids also have a great time picking and adding topping to the yogurt.  I had to limit them to 5 toppings each per visit because they got sick the first time after adding 20 or so!!!!
3	Actually after I got over the froyo buffet hype and seriously consider the quality then this place's yogurt is more on the lower end. There's a lot of water in the yogurt mix compare to other places around. I guess I'm more partial toward creaminess so haven't been back there for awhile =/ oh and the fruit quality isn't great either. Maybe because everyone can just touch it, play with it, decide if they really want it or something else, and consequently during that process tend to smash it. They don't look very appetizing if you come late at night
5	Yogurtini is a smash-hit.  I love the flavors (partial to Chelsea's Cheesecake, pumpkin, and chocolate), I love the concept - pay by weight, and DIY toppings are very cool.  I love the atmosphere - it's kinda fresh & hip without being off-putting.  There are always people there, which is nice.  It can also be relaxing too in the late afternoon.  They've got a few tables outside and you can just relax with your monumental cup of frozen yogurt and watch the sun set.  Great place.  I go here all the time.
1	This place annoys me.  First off, who the heck knows how big an ounce of yogurt/toppings are?  They clearly mark their price at 39 cents an ounce for the yogurt and whatever toppings you want.  This doesn't sound like a lot, but the person in front of me in the yogurt "buffet" line was charged $7 for his bowl of yogurt.  I was a bit smarter and only filled up my bowl a small amount.  Anyway, they should offer you a few different bowl sizes, but I bet they are banking on the fact that people will go overboard and fill the large bowls to the brim with junk.  Lets back up a bit though.  Sometimes I enjoy tasting the yogurt before I committ to having it in my bowl.  Like at Golden Spoon (by far the best yogurt place) where they offer you a little cup which they fill up with the yogurt so you can actually try it.  Yogurtini has no such thing or so I thought.  Turns out you have to walk up to the counter and ask for a little cup because they don't feel like putting them next to the yogurt dispensers where it would actually be useful.  Anyway, a member of my party didn't know about the little cups and stuck her finger under the yogurt dispenser thing, pulled the lever, and had a taste.  It looked harmless enough until we saw several other people do the same thing with their dirty nasty fingers.Anyway, the actual yogurt and flavors were just ok but not even close to Golden Spoon.  Yogurtini does however have a good selection of toppings.  I did not partake, but if you are a drunk and/or stoned college kid with $10, I'd say have a blast and fill your bowl with yogurt, coco crispies, hot tamales, and marshmallows!
2	I was not impressed with the yogurt at all. I hated not knowing how much I was going to pay. Golden spoon is much better when it comes to taste. The only two things that were pluses were the plethora of toppings (who puts siracha on their yogurt?) and all the hot girls in the place. There was seriously 20 smoking hot ladies inside and maybe two other guys besides myself. It was amazing. It must be because this place actually markets their product as being "healthy" who are they kidding?!?! So if you want overpriced mediocre froyo surrounded by ASU's finest women then this is the place for you.
4	you know how a lot of places will only give you a miniature sprinkle of oreo crumbs for $.50 and you're constantly being a piglet saying "just a littttttttle more"? well not here, bc you can add as many oreo crumbs as your heart desires.
5	I tried this place after having some serious pinkberry cravings. I didn't think any places here in town could come close but this place sure does get close. The original tart and blueberry tart are perfect. So much that just thinking about it is making me want to go get some right now. The strawberries are always sliced into nice sizes and are sweet and not sour. They have mochi balls which are my absolute favorite and the self serve is awesome. I'll pick this place over any other place here in AZ any day.
5	I am obsessed with Yogurtini! The yogurt is amazing...they are always changing out the flavors and last time I went in they had Acai yogurt! The place is really clean and all the flavors are non-fat. They offfer non dairy too which I love. The girl working said they have over 60 flavors now! Super fun in the evenings when there is a good crowd. Great music too! Beats any other of the competitors I have visited just on atmosphere and yogurt quality. I filled up quite a bit in one cup wtih three toppings and it only came out to $4.20.
3	So we were here after dinner one Sunday night.  It was still busy with ASU students coming and going.  They have several flavors and so we tried Original, cheesecake, acai, and strawberry & banana.  As for the toppings they have tons of dried toppings but no fruits except for strawberries.... :(  We miss Pinkberry~!!!*Food = a little powdery with close to none fruit toppings*Decor = cute*Service = there really is no service, you do everything yourself.
5	this place is amazing! i wish it wasnt 25 mins away from me!! the acai tart is soo good. im addicted. i go there 3-4 times a week! there was a different place about 5 mins from me and i didnt wanna drive so i tried them and it was NO WHERE near as good at them! so glad this place is around! im not even a huge ice cream or yogurt person and i LOVE it!
2	I don't think this place is as good as other self serve yogurt shops in the area. I prefer Mojo yogurt. I also prefer Chill (not self serve, but great place), but I think Chill is closed for now. The service was not very friendly, and the location is not great.There is nothing terrible about Yogurtini. I just didn't get a great vibe from the place.
4	There is certainly a certain amount of novelty attached to Yogurtini.  It's a little bit Jetsons as you pass the clear (glass or fiberglass, I don't know) floor to ceiling panel, grab a bowl and select your ice cream from multiple soft-serve dispensers on the wall. There are a variety of flavors and a little mini cups to taste ones you want to try.  Then come the toppings! It is far too hard for me not to resist getting chocolate ice cream and then smothering it with chocolate-y and candy treats.  There is also fresh fruit for people who have stronger wills than me when it comes to chocolate.The whole concept is that you fill up on ice cream and toppings and then weigh your bowl at the end...charged by the ounce.  It's not a bad plan...but then again, there is a certain novelty to it...so hopefully the novelty won't wear off.The interior is mostly mint green and the inside seating seems very mod patio-furniture, but the multiple toppings, multiple ice cream flavors, and not too horrible of a price (since you usually can estimate the weight of your own bowl) make it okay.I couldn't go here every week (but I'm not a super ice cream person), but it is a nice treat!Oh, ps, I guess I've been calling it ice cream, but it's technically frozen yogurt...it's frozen...and in my book, unless it's gelato, it's all ice cream to me!
5	looooooved this place!I got peanut butter and the vanilla/chocolate swirl with all kinds of toppings.  I love that you get to put your own concoction together and not get charged 50 cents for 1/2 teaspoon of topping.Decor is very retro and strange but who cares?
3	Self-serve frozen yogurt still seems like a new thing. I came here based on a Yelper review of Ocean Blue who suggested that this place was much better. It's okay, but I like the flavors at OB better. I had a mix of the Tart, blueberry tart, peanut butter, and strawberry banana.  The topping selection is very good, better than OB, if that's what you're into. The indoor seating area is pretty spacious and it's clean and neat inside. We came late on a Sunday afternoon and it was totaly dead.  Just two other groups of customers here during the twenty min we were there.  It's probably a lot busier during the week when school is in.  If you like the froyo and you're in the area, it's a good to come in and sit down to get a break from the heat.
3	For the price and taste of this frozen yogurt....you could have gotten a whole carton of the stuff lol. The atmosphere was nice...very sorority. Outside, the grass and veiw of the street was perfect for people watching. It didn't taste very yogurty, but the toppings were fresh and bright. As close as I can get to good ole Pink Berry :D  Had a great time with Rada taking pics and yapping about the uselessness of SOME men.  Some emphasized...cause not ALL act like total asses. lol  Nothing really bad to say about this place but the price...could be a new hang out for me when the weather is nice. Beats the MU
5	This is the place that took my tart fro-yo virginity, and despite my falling head over heels for it, I never wrote a review because I couldn't remember the stupid name of the place. I paid attention today.Well, if you've been to one of these self-serve yogurt places, you've been to them all. This place is nothing incredibly delicious or horrifyingly atrocious compared to the others. I like it as it's next to my ghetto nail salon. Four stars under normal circumstances, but today they get the coveted fifth because they have PUMPKIN!!! And oh...em... gee... it was delicious, complex and spicy like a silky cold pumpkin pie. Throw a little graham cracker crumbs on top and you're gold.
4	Peach mango froyo with fresh fruit = a satisfied tummy. The fruit is all very fresh and delicious and the yogurt is refreshing and cold which is perfect for the Arizona weather. I wish the girls that worked here were a little more friendly but still I will definitely be returning here in the future.
5	Yogurtini is the best because of its toppings and tasty yogurt. The staff is nice and the environment is great.  Ask for Teressa.
4	I don't know why the people who own or manage frozen yogurt places all decided, "Hey, this place needs to look futuristic!"  Whether you go to Yogurtini or Mojo, these guys made the decision that if you're going to be eating frozen yogurt, you need to be sitting in a place that was designed for a Stanley Kubrick film.  Eh, I like the decor, I suppose.  Must be a bitch to clean because everything's white and all stark.  If you so much as drop a yellow No. 2 pencil, the whole thing is gonna look off-colored.Yogurtini had it going on when it came to it, though:  Really good flavors of frozen yogurt and the toppings were fucking awesome.  I remember reading years ago how those frosted animal cookies with sprinkles were no more, they were to go out of business.  Two years later I see them as an available topping here.  That kicks ass.
3	First off, Yogurtini - Great idea!!  There are many flavors to select from and you can mix and match.  There are so many toppings to choose from and that is also a huge bonus. From gummy bears to mixed fruits, the possibilities are endless.  There is one reason I choose Golden Spoon over Yogurtini.  The chocolate sauce and carmel.  You are using store bought brands like Smuckers to offer your customers??  Huge disappointment and your taste buds can tell the difference.  The real thing will go a long way just like the cherry and whip cream on top.  Drop the Smuckers and make your own.  Your customers will thank you for it!
4	It's good frozen yogurt with a ridiculous amount of options for toppings, and it's cheap. How the hell do you people end up writing multiple paragraphs about this? Perhaps you're expecting too much.
5	I live in California and I am a fairly new "Fro-yo" fan (I used to be all about Gelato). I recently visited the Yogurtini store in Tempe while visiting friends and it is BY FAR the best I've ever had. Their flavors are so creative and fun with so much to choose from- I could have stayed there all day!  My favorite is eggnoggin - maybe it's the holidays...but as a Celiac, I appreciate that they also specify which flavors contain gluten. Yogurtini, pleeeeease come to Southern California. I promise to be your best customer!
3	I don't go crazy about this kind of desert, it is good when it is summer and you crave a sweet thing. They have a berry flavor I like with a cream pie or something like that.I still miss the real frozen yogurt, where you chose the ingredients and they blend them for you...
4	There are a lot of frozen yogurt places to check out, but Yogurtini is by far my favorite.  (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral)+ The place is freaking adorable.  I know it sounds a little strange, but I love the colors they picked for the place.  The blues and greens MAKE me want to eat their yogurt.-/+ The frozen yogurt.  Although I do love their vanilla flavor, it doesn't taste like "original" frozen yogurt.  They do make a homemade yogurt, and I haven't tried it, but I'm guessing that one must taste more like the classic frozen yogurt.+ SO. MANY. TOPPINGS.  Hot sauce? Yes.  Gummy worms? Yes.  They have all the fruits you love, and definitely all the candy you love, to make your frozen yogurt just the way you want it.  (I personally like to mix my vanilla yogurt with peanut butter and chocolate chips).  + Punch cards.  This is a big thing for me.  Of course I'm gonna come back if a company is going to reward me for my loyalty.
5	I am a regular of this establishment. I have tried all the main yogurt places in the area (Yogurtini, Yogurtland, and Mojo) and this is by far the best overall. Although they do not consistently have my favorite flavor, peanut butter, my boyfriend says their tart/original yogurt is the best. Topping selection is great, and they even have peanut butter sauce. I just wish they had more flavor choices.
2	I always drive by this place when I'm in Tempe and never stopped until this evening. After some spicy wings, I thought froyo would be the perfect way to cool off my tastebuds. As we entered Yogurtini, I was initially impressed by the decor. Mod, space-agey furnishings in white and aqua gave me high expectations for the quality and taste of the froyo. I was not too impressed by the selection of flavors, however. There seemed to be a lot of just white/off white/vanilla varients. Meh. I tried cake batter, peanut butter, and snickerdoodle. On a side note - I think Yogurtini has the hugest yogurt cup I've ever seen in my life. I could have worn it as a fez. Who could eat that much?!The toppings bar was where Yogurtini disappointed me. They had a large variety and a few unconventional toppings (I was pleased to see frosted animal cookies!) but the topping bar was messy and disorganized. Some of the toppings were mixed together and there didn't seem any concern for nut allergies since they were jumbled up with the fruits and cookies. My favorite topping is Reese's peanut butter cups, and I had a major problem spooning them onto my yogurt. It looked like the Reese's had been mashed with a potato masher and compacted into a solid brick in the bottom of the container. I tried to pry some out with the spoon, but they were packed so tightly that I had to use force; the Reese's ended up flying all over the place! It was like a Reese's massacre. As for the taste of the yogurt, I was really disappointed by the snickerdoodle. It overwhelmed the other flavors, which were both so bland that they just kind of disappeared. The snickerdoodle fro-yo tasted like bad cinnamon gum to me. The texture of the yogurt wasn't bad, but definitely not the best that I've had. Overall, Yogurtini gets points for having animal cookies, thin mints (!), and decent decor. The toppings bar and the yogurt itself need work.
2	I purchased a Groupon after Yelping. I decided to leave my fate on the hands of taste god, for $10 worth.Yogurt is yogurt. It's healthy for you. I like Yogurt at various ice cream parlors simply for the flavor. My ignorance obviously.Nothing is wrong with the Yogurt. It's just limited in selection (about 10). You won't know about it till you got there. It didn't help when you could sample the flavors... I recall carrot cake, red velvet, mint, coffee, chocolate, orange sorbet, apple martini... and plain tart. One flavor ran out. These were not the flavors I go for usually.I was not happy with the fruit toppings. There are only a few bits and pieces left for mango (a bit old) and kiwi around 10 PM on Saturday.I'm happy to get rid of the Groupon. And there's free WiFi as expected.So diners, it's not a good experience for me simply because of a lack of flavors mainly.
3	I like Yogurtini - it's got a cool ambiance, a decent selection of yogurts, and a bevy of fantastic toppings that allows you to create all manner of exciting concoctions. In addition, the inside is fairly spacious, so it's a great location to meet groups of friends for study groups or just conversation over desert. Oh, and I can't really complain about the free Wi-Fi, either.On the flip side of the coin however, the service is almost consistently mediocre. From my experience, the staffers there don't really speak unless spoken to, and rarely acknowledge customers until they're ready to pay for their orders. They're never rude, mind you - a lot of them just make it extremely evident that they'd rather be doing something else.I've also noticed that the tables don't seem to be cleaned very often - I routinely have to dust off crumbs or wipe off smears before I set my yogurt and/or books down on the table. Thankfully however, the problem doesn't seem to extend to the bathrooms, which have been fairly clean whenever I've used them.All in all, Yogurtini is a decent little spot. You get a pretty decent value for your money, and the ambiance is fairly neat. Just don't go in there expecting award-winning service, and you probably won't be disappointed.
3	There was once was a time in Arizona when I actually wished there were frozen yogurt places here that were like the type found in California.  Now it seems like you should be careful of what you wish for.  Seems like frozen tart yogurt places here are almost as common as finding Starbucks in your area.  Yogurtini is OK.  I tend to find their more "tart" flavors a bit too tart for me, and I usually don't get inspired to try any of their creamier selections.  They have your standard selection of fresh fruit, candy pieces, and mochi.  They currently have an orange cream crunch which tastes pretty nice though, kind of like a crunchy creamsicle.  The mochi here has been fresh and soft when I've been here.  One nice thing they do offer is a "points" system with their loyalty card.  I can't remember how many points need to be accumulated to get something though.
5	This is one of my favorite places to go for a tasty treat. This is a so-called "Self-Serve" joint, where you basically do the serving yourself. You choose your flavor(s), add your toppings, weigh your tasty treat, and pay! Prices here are very reasonable. I believe it is priced at $.39 an ounce. Not bad at all! Just yesterday, I tried their Angel Food Cake flavor. IT. WAS. DELICIOUS! Just imagine that you are eating Angel Food Cake with some Reesees, Caramel Sauce, and Fresh Strawberries... It truly was to die for. QUICK TIP. If you really enjoy the flavors here, ask for one of their electronic punch cards. Every time you spend at least $3.00, you are eligible for a punch (or swipe). 10 punches equals a free yogurt of up to $5.00! Basically, for every $30 you spend, you get $5.00 free. Very, very nice. I definitely recommend this to all people who want to try a great dessert. These are low-fat (or mostly nonfat), and they are low calories. Most of them are also gluten free! Give them a try and you will not be disappointed.
4	Really yummy! Love the self serve and being able to put any/everything I want. Really like their pomegranate yogurt!! Luckily I wasn't paying, but just be aware - a little on the expensive side.
4	Today you make me believe there is improvement. Great idea to change flavors and offer less extra sweet ones like the Grapefruit or the vegan strawberry-lemon.The downside? for regular costumers you get a card, and after $50 you get the $5 for your yogurt. I wonder who can eat $50 of frozen yogurt in 6 months....never mind this is US.
5	I'm a fan! Self-serve frozen yogurt, rotating selection of flavors, and friendly workers--nice! All their flavors are great, but I keep going back to the vanilla (?) tart with blackberry toppings (lately they've had raspberries, but I hope they bring back the blackberries). The staff is friendly and they keep the place clean. I don't know how they put up with some customers who try to make a meal out of the sample cups and walk out--but I have to say the workers are always courteous and professional.  I wish I could find out where they buy those green chairs so I can get a pair!  This is definitely my favorite frozen yogurt spot!
3	Since moving to Tempe from Chandler a few months ago, I had to find myself a new frozen yogurt place. I had been craving some "fro yo" for a long time, but wasn't sure where to go. So I hopped on Yelp and searched around for a nearby frozen yogurt place. My search led me to Yogurtini. The reviews looked better than most and their website, which listed all their many toppings, won me over. It was 9:30 pm and I feared since it was a Sunday evening, surely they would be about to close, if not yet already. But, to my surprise, I discovered they're open until midnight every day of the week! This got me excited and I grabbed my boyfriend and I raced to get out the door (even though we had plenty of time to get there).When we arrived at our destination, around 9:45 pm, there were two other people at the register paying for their yogurt. Then soon left and we had the whole place to ourselves. We walked over to the yogurt dispensers and looked at all our options (about 8 or so flavors). We took a few sample cups and tried a few. Now, I am very indecisive so I stood there for a good while trying to decide which one I wanted. All the while, my boyfriend and I were being stared at by the college girl at the register. It was a little awkward, I'll admit, but I tried to ignore the feeling.Finally, we decided cake batter would be our victim. I went over and grabbed what was a HUGE yogurt bowl. (They only have one size and I assume it's so big so people will overindulge and fill their bowl over the top and end up being charged $15 at the end, but that's just my guess.) We decided to add some dulce de leche to the mix, which ended up being a great idea.Next, we had about a million toppings to choose from. Okay, that was obviously an exaggeration, but there were plenty of toppings to choose from. From fruit, to candy, and even cereal. I felt rushed because I was still being stared at. There was another girl behind the counter too, but she was sitting down on a chair, doing something on her laptop. (I don't know if that's the norm here in Tempe, for workers to just do whatever they want, but I found it to be a bit strange to do it right there in front of customers.) Anyway, I finally told the cashier, "Sorry, this might be awhile." And she replied with a forced smile and said, "It's okay." Her first words to me!  I hurried up and threw a few toppings on my yogurt (cheesecake bits, yogurt covered pretzels, a few thin mints, a peppermint patty, and a couple gummy worms- not that I enjoy gummy worms with cake batter, I just wanted to pick them off and eat them alone.) It ended up being $7 ($6.98), which wasn't bad considering my boyfriend and I were sharing it. After paying I couldn't wait to get out of there, I had been stared at so long I felt uncomfortable (so props to them, because it's hard to make me feel uncomfortable). I couldn't wait and immediately started eating the yogurt as soon as we got out the door. It was so good! Cake batter & dulce de leche were a great combo.So, would I go back? Yes. The yogurt was delicious and I'm thrilled that they're open until midnight, since most of my cravings occur when every other place is already closed. So by default they will be my go-to yogurt place in the evening. I'm hoping next time they will have friendlier people behind the counter that don't make me feel so awkward.
