4	This place is on the eastside, and tucked away into a strip mall.  It's not a trendy, hi-end spot...these guys are real artists doing real work.  Jerry, owner, has a calm, positive energy...and true artistic talent.  His brag books are impressive (he's got hundreds of custom fonts), and he apparently does Ne-Yo's body art.  In his workspace, he's got  books on various world cultures and the history of symbols.  I'm pretty sure he even had a copy of the Tibetan book of the Dead.   He's studied in Thailand, China & Japan, and mentioned that he's been invited as a guest artist to shops in Japan and the UK.  These guys know their craft and take it seriously.   I have to gripe because we had to wait 2 hours before even sitting down.  But once in the chair, they were quick, efficient, and had gentle hands.  I paid  $70 for a nice touch-up from his apprentice on a decade-old tat.   And I will be back next week.  I explained to Jerry what I wanted for my next tat...he got it immediately.  He's designing it now and I know it will be stunning.
5	Jerry the owner is one of the best artists in town. He tattoos because he loves it not for the money. My tattoo was not rushed and he made it look great. Prices are very cheap, probably half of any other shop. My favorite place to get tattoos by far!
5	What an amazing tattoo shop!!! Jerry Thomas is an amazing artist and great person. He has been tattooing my husband and I for almost 5 years now and we have gotten nothing but great service and phenomenal tattoos!!! Jerry specializes in Japanese art but can do any thing your heart desires. Everything is custom and unique. It is a great atmosphere very clean and everyone is friendly. The piercers are phenomenal as well as all the artists.  Jerry and Tiffany the owners will to anything to accommodate to their clients. Lucky cat is a great shop, and I always recommend them to anyone!!!!  The shop is a hidden jewel located in a strip mall on Sahara and lamb. Sure sometimes there may be a wait but it is more than worth it. Jerry has done all my tattoos from both my feet, wrist, back, and ribs. I get nothing but compliments from people.  Lucky cat is an amazing shop with artists with rare talent. I will never go to another shop, and this is because of the great service and work!!!!
5	Jerry came out to Portland recently to do my first tattoo and I couldn't be more impressed with how it's started.  The color and detail he put into it was perfect and he's already planning the next phases of it.  I can't wait to see him put the rest of it together.  Couldn't have picked a better artist for my first ink.  Definitely hit this place up if you're in Vegas.
5	Adding a second review since I traveled to Vegas recently and was able to get my tattoo worked by Jerry in the parlor this time.Jerry's doing my whole right arm sleeve right now and it rocks so far.  Planned an entire video game idea and he's been fantastic with blending everything together and giving it life.  I can't wait to have my whole arm finished whenever we're able to meet up in the future.  Jerry's an extremely relaxing artist to work with and he plays great music in the parlor too.
5	Can I just say... I am a huge fan of Jerry Thomas!  He and his wifey completed my wedding/ honeymoon in the best way ever!  He's currently doing my husband's sleeve and we decided to get wedding tattoos (since we married in Vegas) so Jerry did Lucky Cats for both of us, as well as worked on my dude's sleeve.   I had sent some ideas to him prior to our visit.. but I knew he would come up with the best custom piece for us, and I was right... the lucky cat he drew for us was PERFECT..  So, excitedly, I sat down to get tattooed first.  He was playing my kind of tunes and having a nice conversation with me.  Time passes... I'm done.  I show my hubby and it's his turn.  Jerry rocked these out so fast and perfectly.  He is so kind and such an amazing artist... I am honored to have a custom tattoo by him. It healed very nicely and I am stoked to see what more comes from him for my hubby's sleeve!  Btw.. I really like that he uses natural and organic products and doesn't use A&D like a lot of artists do. Yay!
1	they may be good at tattoos but  when it comes to piercings they must not know what there doing. I went in last year to get the left side of my lip done so I could have snake bites, the guy sat me down didn't have me clean my mouth or nothing just put a dot on my lip and pushed the needle through then put a huge hoop on that was so heavy It was hard to talk I had to hold it. when I got home I looked at it more and it was not straight at all. I called the shop and complained and told them what happened and that I could not get the ring out, they told me to come back in 2 days and the owners wife would fix it. when I went back they did not charge me but she redid my lip the right way but it still was not straight so I had to take it out and let it heal. it was a waste of my money and time.
5	Jerry does a great job. I have gotten two tattoos here. The most recent one a few weeks ago (pic posted). A nautical compass with the words "life is beautiful". Jerry did this tattoo for me and also filled in my "be not afraid" tattoo I got two years before at his shop. The new shop is closer to the strip. It's small, clean, and nice inside. Everything is sterile. Clearly something important to look for at a tattoo shop. He is very reasonably priced too. Support local artists, don't go to a shop on the strip!
5	Jerry did a koi on my calf to commemorate my associates degree, my favorite tattoo. My next will be an ambigram of my Son's name. I have seen his cover up work which is what brought me to him. He does fast work and is light handed. It is also nice to know that he has a college degree in art.
