3	Move over Branson, Missouri! The Barleen family has built quite the variety show mecca in Apache Junction. The Arizona Opry is a hoot! It's like a 1980s Disney variety show (no characters) crossed with Hee Haw! One of the performers looks like John Denver and sings a few covers. (There's a John Denver Tribute Show planned for February) Another dresses up like Willie Nelson. The husband is an original member of the Tokens (The Lion Sleeps Tonight) and, of course, reprises the song as a part of the show. They play about 70 different instruments throughout the night. The show takes place in a big hall off Old West Highway, filled with snowbirds and Red Hat Ladies. There's a gift shop with novelties like blinking rings and yodeling pickles and a "record store" with CDs from all of the performers. They've created quite the library over the years!! For the low, low price of $29 including tax and tip ($22 for kids age 3-12), you get all of this PLUS a cafeteria-inspired meal of roast beef or chicken (depending on the night) and chocolate cake. Lemonade and coffee are included and beer is available for $4.50/bottle. It's family fun, although, somewhat cheesy -- you've gotta give it to them - they've got talent. So, grab the kids or the old folks, and head out to the Opry. It's a kick!
5	If you see a family of traveling mountain style performers as a child, and then at the ripe old age of 29 are instantly reminded of them when you walk into a meateriffic heart attack inducing "Feedbag" style restaurant...doesn't that say something about them as performers?  I think it does.  If you're nearby, brink yer youngins.  They're gonna love it.I had a tape that I bought of the Barleen Family for years.  I have no idea what happened to it.  SO tempted to call them up and order a CD.  Seriously.
1	If I could give this a zero star I would.  The place smelled, the entertainment was sub par and the food wasn't even good enough to give my dog.  The owner/manager/management was some of the rudest people I've meet.  They have a NYC attitude in a small quaint area.  I loved Apache Junction but would steer anyone away from this if I could.  The smell in the place might have been from all the old people, if your looking for a place to die, then this is your place.
3	I wasn't sure what to expect when my grandparents told my husband and me they got tickets for us all to see the Arizona Opry on a recent trip. I really wasn't sure what to expect when we were waiting outside and realized we were about 50 years younger than the average guest.But, ya know what? We had a good dinner (although the servers were extremely overly helpful. I swear our beverages were filled 20 times before dinner was even served.) And, the show, in all its expected variety show quirkiness, was fun to watch. Would this have been my top choice for what to do in Arizona? Not so much. Top ten? Doubt it. But at the end of the day, we had a good time, so there you go.
5	I might be a bit biased since I've known the Barleen family for many years, however, this show is amazing! Very talented folk!
5	We have now seen about 7 shows at the Barleen's Arizona Opry.  Don't get turned off by the name, thinking it is all old country music.  It has its Willie Nelson, but the music is so varied (and played excellently by the 9 piece band) that you won't care about the genre, your jaw will drop at the expertise of the players.  Horns, guitars, keyboards, drums, and even 2 alpine horns, are so well played, you wonder why they are still in little Apache Junction, AZ (just east of Mesa).  George Staerkel (married to a Barleen twin) is the music director and plays at least 20 instruments.  No, not all at once, silly, but all well.  The food is amazing considering they get the plated dinner served to 500 people in less than 20 minutes.  The roast beef is great (even nights), and the veggies are al dente, and the large piece of chocolate cake usually goes first.Bring your friends to this show for a great time.  Kids maybe not so much, unless they are musicians and would appreciate high caliber performances.
4	Really fun! The show is very entertaining and the musicians are very talented.
5	Came here with my family and was pleasantly surprised. From start to finish the show lasted 4 hours including a great dinner. All the performers are extremely talented musicians and pretty funny as well. The dinner was a great selection of American favorites including chicken, rice, roast beef, potatoes, fresh vegetables, and a roll. Take a look at the picture for an idea of what I mean. The one thing I didn't like is the fact your in a huge room with 500+ people all sitting on both sides of tables making it cramped and hard to see for those facing the opposite way. But altogether it it was a fun experience with great food at a reasonable price so I would recommend it.
