4	How can Yelp be in Canada now and not have a review for the Bay (Hudson's Bay Co.), one of the oldest department stores in the country! It would be like London w/out Harrod's or Berlin w/out KaDeWe (Kaufhaus des Westens). So, I went to the Bay as a child but did not know it, when my parents were visiting family friends. Then, on a recent and still-traumatic job interview in snowy, December-y Montreal, my bags w/ the interview shirt and tie were lost in JFK airport. I had the foresight to travel with my suit in the check-in, but I failed to include an extra shirt (or change of socks and underwear), and all my toiletries were also back in NYC. So, I headed to the Bay to pick up a shirt, a new tie, and other assorted items. It was quite the experience. The store is enormous, of course, and it gleams in commercial and historic splendor. I didn't get the job, but I still have the shirt, tie, socks and undies. So thanks, Bay, for some good souvenirs of my time there.
4	Enormous store with pretty much all you could ask for in a department store. Many items are pricey and high end, but you can also find lots of good stuff on sale. When I was last there they were having an intense 70% off event with lots of good deals. I have to give a special nod to their Fruits et Passions kiosk. An outgoing salesperson there introduced me to Fruits et Passions products that I now love. I highly recommend their foot care line. Check it out.
3	department stores are always awful spaces to be in, BUT, there IS something that changes a bit during the madness of the holiday rush, like the mania of our commodity/consumer culture reveals itself in a particularly fascinating way... the emphasis on the DISPLAY takes on new urgency and obsession during december. I had kind of a great time just people watching as i tagged along behind my brother who was looking for a necklace for his gf. Call it a sick fascination, but i actually like being in the thick of the spectacle for the holidays... so, even though i bought nothing, i did have kind of a fun 25 minutes skulking around the multi-level store.I will also add, that this particular Bay has the most enormous and endless perfume section I've even experienced... each of the aisles in the near-infinite procession of stocked smells is equally attended by some charming model-esque figure who is only too eager to spritz some Cher-endorsed stink in your face... hellish yet hypnotic!
5	I absolutely love this location of the Hudson's Bay. Growing up in suburban Toronto the Bay was a staple of my mother's shopping routine. But even I now have come to love the Bay--especially the downtown flagship locations. The Queen Street store in Toronto and this one here in Montreal have recently undergone extensive renovations to their fashion collections--namely women's fashion but also men's with the introduction of more fabulous new designers and collections. This push 'upscale' has been tremendously successful for the company and there are now plans to further renovate the rest of the chain's 91 stores (especially those located in the city 'core' of our nation's cities). The Bay features everything from fashion--designer and middle of the road type stuff--to home decor, small and large appliances, electronics, seasonal decor, etc. Typical department store fare. The perfume selection is enormous and the salespeople have been more than helpful when I have been looking for something new to spice up my already extensive collection of fragrances. I particularly love their HUGE Christmas decor section located on the top floor (from about mid-October-onwards). If you are living in Montreal or just visiting there is literally no where better to grab some great festive decor! Fab!!Oliver and Bonacini (a great restaurant company based out of Toronto) just opened a fabulous new restaurant at the Queen Street store in Toronto and I hope that Montreal is next on their list. The upstairs 'cafe' is really really really dated with such limited options. Montreal would do so well with a little cafe along the lines of the Toronto one, where they serve 'Canadian comfort food.' Are you listening Bonnie Brooks (CEO)? we need a similar arrangement for us Montrealers!If you are a tourist, or a fan of Canadiana stuff I would also highly recommend a visit to the 'Hudson's Bay Collection' store in store. They sell the infamous point blankets, and other HBC-branded merchandise. LOVE this stuff. My apartment is 'Canadiana' themed and I bought a few mugs, candles, and throws for my place that really adds to the overall feeling. I hope they keep expanding this collection, really high-quality stuff.ALSO. Sign-up for a Bay card. I know, I know. Finance 101: never get a retail store card. BUT the Bay card exclusives are awesome! They send me coupons all the time (like additional 20% off regular, sale, and clearance pried merchandise)! Just pay off the card every month and don't incur any fees, interest, etc. Plus you get double HBC Reward points which I have been able to redeem for gift cards, etc. Totally worth it!!! They often have these deals every other weekend! If any big wigs down at HBC HQ are reading this: keep up the great work! The Bay has done from stodgy old lady to urban chic and this trend must continue!!
4	I love this store. They have an entire half floor dedicated to petite sized clothing and I can spend hours browsing the second floor shoe department. They often have decent sales and yesterday, while trying to hunt down a dress that would work for Christmas and New Years, I managed to find not one, but seven dresses I liked! On other occasions I like heading up the kitchen department and keeping an eye open for sales on All-Clad (which rarely go on sale), or other high end cookware. In fact, last year during one of my hunting sessions I scored a $1000 set of Henckels cookware for $350! That's AWESOME!I don't shop here regularly, it's more on an as-needed basis. My trip prior to this was for new sheets, they have nice quality cotton-sateen sheeting that I really like and fit nicely over my extra deep mattress. When not on sale, they sell for about $128, but I stock up when they are 60% off, usually about mid-April.Overall, When I shop theBay I am shopping the specials, and they do offer some pretty good ones if you keep your eyes open for them.
5	More affordable and less selective products. My wife hates this place!!
4	The Mothership of The Bay. They have it all. Pretty expensive though.
5	Since they redesigned and renovated some sections, noticeably, the main floor, The Bay is a lot more edgy and luxurious. I used to view The Bay and Sears kind of at par, typical department store, more reserved for a mature clientele. I never saw teens going there. However, The Bay has really redefined itself. Their best move was the opening of a Coach boutique within the store itself. Previously, you could only find Coach products in limited range at Holt Renfrew.They carry many designer hand bags and brands that are hard to find anywhere else. Kipling is one of my favorites, widely popular in Europe and Asia, but seems like they're exclusive to The Bay here.You can find pretty much anything for anyone at The Bay, I find it's a great place for gifts and especially like their Olympic wear collection you'll find on the top floor.Shopping here on Boxing day is also worth it, lots of kitchen or bedding items at greatly reduced prices.
4	Lord & Taylor is my favorite store in NYC so it's only natural that I would like The Bay since they are part of the same company.Came here just to buy a pair of boxer shorts but ended up getting some more shorts and a great shirt.  The men's department was great except for the fact that nobody seemed to work there.  However, once I found a service desk with a human at it to ring me up, I was good to go.Great location, great prices, wonderful merchandise...I liked it here.
4	Lots of variety and different price points. Centrally located and clean, easy to shop store.
3	A cool department store with some great options for all price-points.  Very similar to Macy's in the US, they have a good variety of items for different styles.  They also can have some incredible sales.
3	I have been shopping here for years with mixed feelings and success I would say. There is always random sales here, it feels every time you walk in the store there is a huge sale going so I don't bother buying anything without a least 30% off... There is a good selection for men's clothe, I don't like their store home brands though. Some departments seem to be doing well like clothe, perfume and kitchenware while others seem to struggle like the furniture / appliances which really are over priced with no competitive edge and just taking up space. There is actually even a coin/stamp collection shop... It seems like the top 3 floors are just there for no reason...Anyways its the Montreal flagship store, its nice to get lost in there on the countless floors once in a while but not always walking out with purchases...
4	This is a very nice department store. I just went in to browse and get out of the sudden downpour that I happened to get caught in. Upon wandering around, some areas were more organized/clean than others, but thats ok. They were having a huge sale on handbags, which was fun to dig through. I visited the Chanel area and received wonderful service. The Chanel associate was so friendly and genuinely happy to assist me in choosing a new eyeshadow palette from the new collection. I highly recommend this store to shop for high end/luxury makeup/skincare/fragrances if you don't like Sephora or want a more detailed look at a cosmetic brand with personalized assistance at each counter. They have a Coach boutique located on the first floor which was very elegant and inviting. The Bay is a good alternative if Holt Renfrew intimidates you ( I was fine there - see my review for HR also) and you need your high end fix.
3	i do love the bay when they have stuff on clearance but outside of that, its kind of a mess.stuff is pretty expensive. during clearance sale, lots of deals to be had though. i usually stock up on happy socks, underwear and shoes/boots during the holidays sale.service is pretty inexistent unless you spend time in the beauty department.the restaurant in the upper floor is not bad for a department store.anyway, its a great store during clearance sale. any other time, its more of a treasure hunt. you need to dedicate a lot of time
