5	Big improvement over Ooka.  Sashimi was fresh and presentation excellent (on ice). My Wife's bento box dinner was very good, beef was a good cut very tender.  It was Valentine's day so the rose and 1 cent champagne was a surprise.  Rolls look good but prefer Sashimi to separate the flavors.  Ika (squid) salad was well done nice touch on the baby greens, tasty.  Hope my pic is posted.  Will be back,  12 yrs since arriving to Az from Calif and I finally found my family spot.
5	My father and I were in the area for a few days and tried some of the local restaurants. We had a wonderful experience at Osaka. The sushi chef was friendly, attentive, and proud of his work. The sushi was delicious with a fabulous presentation. Our server was attentive, kind, and thoughtful. We also each had a very reasonably priced sake bomber and delicious gyoza appetizer. With good food, good service, good atmosphere, and good prices, Osaka was a hit. I would highly recommend it and would certainly return.
5	Great service, very enjoyable atmosphere and amazing food! We went right at 5 o'clock and sat at the hibachi. We were very pleased that they allowed us to go ahead and have hibachi even though it was just 2 of us. Our chef, Joe, was super fun and nice. Will definitely being returning!
5	Awesome Japanese steakhouse!!!better then Benihana! Eric was our  teppananki chef and was amazing!so happy I live so close to here! Hope this place succeeds. The only negative about it is the server was kinda slow but nothing crazy. See you guys next week!
3	This place is ok. The guy had the grill too high and slightly burnt most of our food. Sushi looked pretty good, but I didn't try it. We'll be sticking with Ah So as their food is much better tasting.
2	Online reservation system doesn't work, walk-ins aren't welcome.  Came herefor my birthday, food was ok. Nothing to write home about, not sure i'd describe the steaks as prime (serious accusation, so I won't go there). Was fun though so I gathered my friends for a husbands/wives night out.   Made a reservation online for teppenyaki, when we walked in they didn't have the reservation in their system. Had the confirmation on my phone for the correct location/date/time, still didn't help. .. And since they only had 2 chefs on staff (weird for 7:30 on a Friday night) they wouldn't be able to seat us for 45min. Even though I had a genuine complaint, they were completely unwilling to comp ANYTHING not even some sushi while we waited. Made zero attempt to keep us the restaurant, very bad business model. Teppenyaki options are limited on the west side, but definitely not returning here. Not going to be in business long if they continue to be so unwilling to accept people coming in from the street, especially being so close to the movie theater.
5	joe the server was amazing we had a blast he was soo funny and the food was so tasty its a great place for a birthday  we r visiting from california and best service ever he was hilarious and I would go everyday if I could lol
2	It would be nice if they told you about Happy Hour when you come in during those hours. It would be nice if the manager did ANYTHING besides sit behind the register staring at nothing. It would be nice if the food came out in under 20 minutes WITHOUT a hair on it. It would be nice if they seasoned the food a bit. $50 for a below average sushi experience....no thanks. No recommendation from me!
5	Walked into Osaka around 7pm on a Friday without a reservation and was promptly seated at the hibachi grill (there were three in my party). I had been here once before with coworkers for happy hour and had been impressed. I decided to come and try the hibachi side and I have to say I was NOT disappointed. I have been to other teppan places before, of course - Benihana, Sakura, Mr. An's, etc. While the artistry of the chef was a bit more crude, he was lively and interactive without seeming rehearsed. The food was on par with the other places I have been; on this trip I had chicken, file mignon, shrimp, and swordfish (and boy did I have leftovers!!!). All in all I had fun, good food, and didn't stray above my budget! Did notice it seemed a bit empty for a Friday night, which was a shame. I will DEFINITELY be coming here again soon.
2	Made a reservation online and come to find out their online booking system had a glitch.  We had the email confirmation on our phone but nothing showed up on their end.  End result was that we would have to wait 45 minutes to be seated in the hibachi area.  They didn't offer to do anything to keep us besides say sorry so we didn't hesitate to stay there and wait.  We walked right across the street to Firebirds and had a wonderful dinner. Walked right in to Firebirds w/o a reservation and was seated just like that.  Osaka, please think about having more than 2 chefs on a FRIDAY night as no one in our party of 6 will be returning.
4	Gave four stars because it took a few minutes before  we were acknowledged when we first walked into the restaurant.  However once we were noticed and seated the service was amazing.  My husband and I went at about 4:30 on a Saturday for an early dinner.  They were not busy at all. We were seated at the hibachi table and were the only ones. The waitress was very knowledgeable and wanted to make sure my shellfish allergies were taken care of. Our chef was Joe.  He was funny and the perfect hibachi chef. I loved the food. It was delicious.  I had the steak and chicken. My steak got cooked perfectly.  The experience and everything will make this a regular spot for us.
4	Great sushi during my visit and service was very good. Did not try the steak and sat in the bar area. They have group tables if you want a steak experience and watch them grill it in front of you. I will try it again as my experience was good. They are new so may be just working the kinks out based on reading other reviews.
1	New restaurants have a lot to prove. That is why they fail so quick. Here is a perfect example of what could have been. Thought for certain that this would have been a good experience, Instead, I got bad service, mediocre food and a Benihana-like show that seemed forced. Had sushi and was served last after all the cooked meals were delivered. Waitress kept making the same claim that the food would be right out, but no delivery. We don't want excuses, We want food. I give them two months more before they become something else. Avoid it.
5	As soon as we walked in we were greeted by a very nice blonde hostess. very nice and welcoming Now for the food we got tequila , mamma mia and Vegas , they were  amazing !Then for desert we got Fried ice cream yummy also.my wife and I experience was amazing.Will be back
4	Came here with my family on fourth of July. Pre-fireworks meal. We eat here all the time since it first opened but this is my first review of the restaurant.  The teppenyaki side is lame and the sashimi is yuck but....... hands down best specialty rolls on the west side. Service is always great!!! My toddler wanted a milkshake that wasn't on the menu and our server talked the bartender in making her one!!! AWESOME!!! Thanks for going above the bar for her. We brought in some food with us, as i wasnt sure she would try anything. Our server just looked the other way. He  gave her some "cheater" chop sticks and she didn't look back. Squid salad, rolls,  she was in. :) had a great time as always!!!!!
2	I have been here for lunch a few times and with each visit the quality of the food has continued to decline. At my last visit the rice that came with the sashimi bento box was mushy and had an odd metal taste to it. The green tea was not brewed, but rather served in a leaky kettle with a bag. The service is great but the food is disappointing.
4	My boyfriend and I stopped in for dinner.  He is a huge fan of Benihana and I have never had any sort of teppenyaki before so we decided to give it a try.  On a Tuesday at 5pm, we were both surprised that there was only one other patron in the restaurant.  The staff was incredibly attentive - our glasses were rarely even close to empty and they checked on us fairly regularly.  We also received complementary edamame as an appetizer and coffee cake as a dessert.  Both were absolutely delicious.  Our main meal was of decent quality - if the portions had not been large, it would not have been worth the cost (which is similar to Benihana).  I did, however, take home enough food for lunch tomorrow which made it worth it in my opinion.  We did not order any alcoholic beverages but a quick glance at the menu showed a decent selection of beer and wine, all for a very fair price, especially if you go during happy hour. Overall, I wish I could give 3.5 stars but given that the staff went above and beyond, I will round up instead of down.  I would certainly consider going back - again, the cost v. quality is the only reason I would overlook Osaka.
5	Been wanting to go to this place for months. So glad we finally did! Great atmoshere, food and service.  Intimate, beautiful atmosphere. Portions are huge so plan on sharing. LOVE this place!!
5	Fairly new restaurant with excellent Japanese food.  Wife and I have patronized this eatery about five times and service and food have always been top notched.  I personally love sashimi and theirs is always fresh. Try their Happy Hour with their nice selection of drinks and sushi.  I have been to numerous Japanese restaurant in Peoria, Glendale and Scottsdale and I would rate this place as good as any in the valley.  Try it for yourself and I think you will agree.
5	A Fantastic Japanese restaurant we visited on a weekday night.We started off with the side order of the beef and it was very delicious.I tried the Katana drink (so good!) and the Tokyo tea (Happy hour special) and they were very rewarding. Prepared well.Of course, we tried 4 sushi rolls. The crazy roll, the godzilla, spicy salmon, and Tequila. They were all finely prepared and brought out on one large plate. The presentation was great.The service was fine. Only hiccup was the waiter didn't mention it was happy hour. However, he was very professional and positive. The total bill was around 60, so it was definitely worth it.
5	My husband and I went to try Osaka for our weekly date night. Based on a fellow yelpers pictures and review. We love sushi and have gotten tired of our other sushi place. We sat at the sushi bar and ordered two of the playboy rolls I asked for them both to be extra spicy, it was delicious! My husband then ordered the citrus roll and I ordered the tequila roll. The tequila tasted similar to the playboy so next time I will try a different roll. Still good though! The citrus was very good as well. The chef made us something special which was sliced peppered ahi ( on the house) oh my yum it was good! We also ordered octopus, white tuna, and albacore nigiri and again we were not disappointed. The fish was all very fresh and dressed perfectly! Presentation was beautiful. We loved our server which was a tall white gentlemen, wish I got his name. Beer was served in a chilled glass ( which I love). We tried the shumai appetizer which were good but could have been bigger dumplings, for 5 bucks I can't complain too much. I wouldn't mind trying the teppanyaki side but I don't want to be disappointed with my choice since the sushi was delicious. All in all it was a great experience we will be back soon.
5	I will be back. Tonight was my first time here. I was with my 11 month old daughter (foodie in training) so we couldn't take advantage of the hibachi grill , which I thought would be fun. I did order steak and chicken Teppanaki (sp?) and it was hands down better than Benihana , Sapporo or any other I've been to. The food was so flavorful without being overly dressed with butter . The sushi looked yummy and the service was incredible. I will be back with a bigger crowd besides my side kick foodie in training.
5	The food is delicious! They do a great job entertaining everyone with the teppanyaki. They offer a lot of free sake during the cooking of the meal!!! The chef Joe is the best! A very funny and nice guy. The portions are massive. You get soup, salad, meat, fried rice, and grilled veggies. During happy hour they have cheap drink and sushi, the sushi is freshly made and yummy as well. This location is not as crowded as the one in Mesa so the people aren't as fun but the food is still delicious.
4	After reading Yelp reviews about this place, I decided to take the family here for my wife's bday and teppanyaki.   We LOVED IT!  Our waiter was very friendly. He tolerated all of our antics and played along with anything and everything we dished out to him. Needless to say, I have a very friendly and outgoing family. Back, to the review. The ambiance and the staff were great. The food was also delicious. A little salty, but still tasty.  The teppanyaki chef was awesome; he scared my son with all his screaming, but that's a personal issue my 4 year old has lol!My family and I had a lot of fun. We were able to be as loud and as silly as we wanted to be!  It was my wife's bday and they sang for her using Japanese masks. My wife was "twerking" with one of the staff members!  It was hilarious!  All in all, great place, great food and great experience!  We will definitely coming back to this place!
5	Coming from California a year ago we searched far and wide for a good sushi place. From Peoria to Phoenix. From Goodyear to Surprise. We found it! The Osaka roll is the best roll my wife and I've ever had. Coming for us that's big, because we are kinda Sushi snobs, lol. The Sushi chefs are absolutely great! Not only is the sushi outstanding but their presentation is second to none! I was blow away with their attention to detail and care they put into it. Everything I see coming out from behind the sushi bar is masterful. Try this place you won't be disappointed!
5	This place is great! The service was average but the food was very tasty! Must try the play boy roll!
5	Come here often! Citrus Roll and Texas Roll are my favs!!!! Sad they didn't have fresh wasabi this time though.  I'm a little concerned that they never seem busy when I'm here. This building has had a lot of restaurants come and go, I hope they last. :)
5	We have tried just about every sushi restaurant in the valley, and Osaka's was by far the best. The "Lisa Lisa"  and "Playboy" rolls are incredible. We go at least once a week now.
5	We had hibachi and it was fantastic.  I had the filet and my husband had the swordfish.  It was prepared to exact perfection.  The chef gave a good show, and the portions where bigger than anywhere I've ever been.   They do not offer an alternative for the dressing on the salad but their ginger dressing is better than any I've had before.  We will definitely be returning and recommend it to everyone.
5	Not as fancy as Soporro, but makes up in price and taste!We ordered teppan for 2, which included 4 choices of proteins.. I'm sure you could order double of 2. Anyway, we chose filet, shrimp, scallops, and calamari.You get the usual soup and salad to start. They offer you 2 sauces, both delicious! Our chef was good, not the most impressive I've ever seen, but fun and cooked our food to perfection.Everything was wonderful! The steak was like butter! We will definitely return!
3	The price of their sushi rolls during happy hour is great. Appetizers are $3, regular rolls $3, and special rolls $7. Even the beer is super cheap ~$2 depending on what you get. Happy starts at 9pm-close, M-F. With that said, WE WONT BE GOING BACK. I don't think an establishment should suffer for the actions of one individual, but I warn you if you get FLORA. The first time we dined she mistakenly put our order in for the wrong roll. Which would have been no problem because everyone makes mistakes. However, we ordered a $3 happy hour roll and she brought out a $20 roll. When we tried to return it because we knew there was no way that was a happy hour roll, she acknowledged her mistake and offered it to us on the house. How nice! Except when we got our bill she charged us for it! Then tried to play dumb and pretend she didn't know what we were talking about when we asked her to remove the charge. The next time we dined we got her again. Well she must have remembered and was completely rude to us and the group we were with. She demanded our menus and when my friend didn't hear her, she raised her voice and said MENU! Then when we asked her for ginger because we were sharing rolls, she got upset and pointed to our plate saying GINGER, GINGER! It was just awkward. I don't buy the language barrier excuse either. I'm Asian, my family is Asian, and yes there is a language barrier sometimes. But there definitely is not a ill mannered, let's be rude barrier.
5	I been here few time and I love the Himachi Kama is good. You Gotta try the Osaka roll it's awesome and the staff little funny :)
4	It appears to be better than Ooka Hibachi from what I experienced. The service is still not up to Japanese standards, but better than it was before. The food is really good! If you love teppanyaki you will enjoy eating here. The prices are expensive, but teppanyaki is never cheap. I enjoyed my experience and would return. This place definitely beats out Ah-So.
4	I am usually completely biased when it comes to sushi.  I refuse to eat anywhere other than my favorite place. However, one night I was bribed into trying Osaka and was pleasantly surprised. Their fish was very fresh tasting, service was good, atmosphere was fun. I had two rolls, a phili and a spicy tuna. The amount of food you get for the price is very reasonable. My friend had chicken and fried rice and it was by far the best fried rice I had ever tasted. My only complaint was that the sushi wasn't as cold as I would have liked. If it's a hot roll it should be warm or hot, if it's a cold roll it should be cold, mine was kinda room temp. Edible and enjoyable but not as much as it could have been. Overall I would definitely try it again and suggest this place!
5	Good is delicious and service was outstanding. They let me try a different kinds of fish on the house.  Life uni  very delicious.   I'm satiated!
4	Honestly for this random sushi spot by Harkins its really good. We ordered a lot of sushi of all kinds mostly the ones with the most popular sign next to them. Prices are high for this hidden location and it was pretty good just sucks because some of the workers don't even know English so it's useless to ask them for a fork when they go running to another worker. Place is cool.
1	I've been to this restaurant a couple times. The food has been fine, service has been slow. This visit can be summed up with two words... frozen salmon. Literally served four pieces of frozen salmon sashimi on the plate. Not really cold salmon, frozen solid salmon. I politely pointed it out to the server and she called the manager over who proceeded to lecture me about the salmon. Well, he certainly made his point... I hope it was worth it. No tip and I'll never be back.
4	Plenty of food for the money. Did the hibachi and it was entertaining. Wasn't busy so we had to wait for more people to sit in order for the cooking to start. Meanwhile the sushi called Lisa Lisa was great and the drink called scorpion bowl was lit on fire for us to drink. The only bad part was they played unedited rap music and we had to inform them that  children were nearby and they changed to Christmas music. The music selection in general was odd choice either way. Overall would return and try the regular restaurant side.
4	Fun place for a teppanyaki dinner. Our chef, Joe, kept us all laughing while he cooked our meal. He chatted, shot saki in our mouths, produced a lot of fire (scared one small child) and flirted with the good looking girl in the group, told us about himself and made sure each diner got the food they ordered.   Food was good, everyone enjoyer themselves and it was a diverse crowd at our table. Three of us adults and a family with two kids. Solid place to have a good time.
5	Love...love!!
5	I love this place! Like us on Facebook: http://Facebook.com/osaka888 This sushi Teppenyaki restauraunt is great! Awesome food, great prices, and too tier service.
5	What a pleasant surprise.  We needed a place to watch the Niners-Cards game and by the Harkins theater where we took the kid to see "iInto The Woods" Summer, our sushi chef created a great meal!Definitely worth a second try.
3	I took my girls for lunch on Sunday.  They do not have the lunch menu on Sundays.  But they offered us a special on teppanyaki - Get a dinner teppanyaki 50% off with a drink, which is a pretty good deal.The food was okay.  It was not as greasy as Ah-So's teppanyaki.  Three of us ordered salmon, chicken and beef.  The meat tasted plain.  If you want teppanyaki, order salmon.  My daughter who does not like cooked fish ate it because she liked it better than chicken and beef.The service was slow even though there weren't many customers.  Don't order a smoothie drink!  It did not taste like a real one.  They put a lot of syrup.  Plus it is expensive for a fake drink.I might go back to try non-teppanyaki menus to compare with other Japanese restaurants.
1	I wish I could leave a review for the food but I never got that far. Came in, was immediately seated and handed the menu. 20 minutes later still no waiter, no acknowledgment from any of the servers or anyone that works there. So we decided to leave, I'm all for being patient but  20 minutes with no acknowledgement REALLY?! Sorry, we were told happy new year on the way out. Did I mention the place was only at 60% capacity. Thanks Osaka you really know how to treat your customers.
1	We started off ordering our meal and requested no masago we received our appetizer that was overcooked like crunchy chewing gum.  It was suppose to be calamari. We were watching our waitress when she picked upOur order pointing at the rolls the chef said its fine and shewed her away. When she brought it to our table she told us that there was masago in two of the rolls and she said the chef said " there's only a little bit" needless to say we will not be going there anymore.
5	My husband and I can't get enough of this place. We're big on sushi and in the 9 years we've been on sushi dates (between Jersey and Arizona), this by far is the best sushi we've ever had, hands down. Everything is so fresh and their portions are great, unlike a lot of other sushi places who give you little sushi rolls for the same price. We haven't tried anything else on the menu besides the sushi (yet). We like to finish off our meal with the tempura red bean or green tea ice cream. So so good! Staff is always friendly and the place is always clean. No complaints here!
