5	Needing a nice and clean unsketchy place to get waxed?  This is the place for you!  The place is nicely kept and has an amazing atmosphere.  While getting waiting or getting waxed, they even has some nice music to listen to.  The staff in here is wonderful.  Every time I have called this place, it sounds as if they are talking to me with a smile on their face.  And when I go in, they have so much energy that I feel that extra energy vibe off of me.  When I see a wax specialist, they are so nice and talkative, I have never felt awkward there.The prices are also very reasonable.  This is the best price that I have found yet for the good quality waxing.  I hope that more people will come here and spread the word to keep this great service here.
5	Great experience. I will be recommending to everyone I know. Lobby, front desk area was clean and modern.  I didn't have to wait long after checking in before I was greeted by my technician. She was friendly, professional, and made me feel comfortable during the entire Brazilian wax treatment! The wax was just the right temperature and once it dries they pull it off(no strips).  Great prices and great service!
5	I tried this place quite honestly because I had a coupon for a free visit.  I work in Ballentyne and was have a hard time getting to my previous wax specialist so thought I'd give this place a try.  I was amazed at how much better the experience was.  The pain is minimal and the staff is wonderful.  The center is clean and modern and the prices are very reasonable especially if you pre-pay for multiple services.  No matter what you need waxed this is the place to go.
5	I heard a commercial for this place and have tried traditional waxing in the past.  Figured I'd give this "European" style wax a shot and was  SO pleasantly surprised I make an appointment once a month!!The estheticians are nice and make you feel very comfortable, which is great especially if they're waxing your no-no bits.  The wax was WAY less pain that traditional beeswax, and with zero swelling, redness, or irritation afterwards. Only thing I wasn't crazy about is they try like heck to sell you their products, but their products do work well if you should happened to get guilted into buying them.
5	Hurrah! European Wax Center is *finally* in Charlotte. My girlfriends in other cities and states have been talking about how great EWC is and now I can join them in praising this hair removal heaven. There are 2 locations in town but I've only frequented this one in the Arboretum (next to Manhattan Bagel, Eliza B's, near Planet 21 Salon). I suggest making an appointment in advance even though they take walk-ins. After your initial visit you will be able to pre-book future appointments (and earn points for doing so but you can talk to the front desk staff about that if interested) which is great for sometimes flighty clients aka me.Yes, there is a special for new clients. For women - a free eyebrows, underarms, or bikini line waxing. For men - a free eyebrows, ears, or nose waxing. My fellow ladies, we have the option of upgrading from a bikini line wax to a Brazilian wax for a mere $21. Hello! The front desk staff warmly greets guests and promptly checks them in. Estheticians are dressed in red scrubs and the four I've encountered have a relaxed yet professional vibe about them. Services are performed in a totally private room; there is a long hallway w multiple rooms - like a massage center. Toward the end of the session the esthetician will ask questions and/or educate about post-waxing care.* Back at the front desk where you book the next appointment and/or pay you'll be offered one of their bulk passes. I got the info, thought about it, went back a second time, and bought a 12 visit pass. You can even split the package into multiple payments if need be. There's also a referral program. The list of pros seem to go on, eh? *EWC carries their own line of products and if you sign up for their email list you'll know when they run specials on said goods. I've purchased the ingrown hair serum to use after exfoliating (will try theirs when I run out of current scrub) and it's awesome!
5	This was my first time to European Wax Center.  It was an amazing experience.  I always dread going in for a Brazilian but not this time.  I called for a last minute appointment before the weekend and they offered me three different appointment times that day!! When I got there the girls at the front desk were very helpful and friendly.  I waited less than 2 minutes before getting taken back to the room.  Stephanie had me in and out within 20 minutes.  The wax was the perfect temperature, she made me feel comfortable, and it was virtually pain-free ;)  The prices were great compared to my last wax place.  I even got a call from them a couple days later to make sure I was satisfied with my results.   I will 100% be back and have already recommended EWC to several friends.
1	I have been here a few times and every time I leave I think "I need to find a better place"  My last time here I saw Ciera.  It was the worst experience.  Extremely painful as she did not let the wax dry before SLOWLY pulling it off.  I was almost in tears and I have been waxing for years.  Then she said I was done and I looked down and saw alot of misses areas and I had to ask her to go back over them.  THEN when I get home and shower, I find blue wax still stuck all over me.  I will never go back.
5	I saw Stephanie today and she was wonderful.  She informed me about all of the products she was using, made small talk, and asked me about my history with hair removal.  Overall, she made me feel very comfortable and relaxed.  The process was really quick; I was in and out in 30 minutes.  I will definitely be back!
4	I am a regular waxer who has the  wax pass... that they finally convinced me to buy. But, I had to find a location that was closer to me so I tried this one. I saw Micah who I believe was kinda new to waxing as a whole but she did a pretty good job. As usual they push their products I actually like the products - the only things that have worked for me so far so I don't mind. I was in and out in about 30 mins. Only one CON - This  place is super hard to find in the shopping center, I can't remember what other shop's are near but I do remember having to call the place for directions once I got into the shopping center.
5	Still driving to FARborteum 2-3 times a month for affordable, sanitary, quick and tidy waxing services. As you read in my previous review I was lured in by the first wax for free offer. That has blossomed to 12 visit passes for 3 different body areas [which we'll leave to your imagination]. Buying visits in bulk of course saves money in the long run. What really sealed the deal(s) for me is the multiple payment options. Purchasing a 12 visit pass for circha $200 can be broken down 2 or 3 monthly payments. HELLO?!? Pretty sure more high end salons and spas do not extend this to customers. Front desk gals are smiley, quick to check in clients, quick to process payment after appointment, and do a great job in informing clients of current specials on products and services. Pre-booking next appointment is simple. In addition to giving you a reminder card they will call and email so you don't miss your appointment or have at least 2 days notice to cancel or change if need be. I confess I usually have to alter my appointment but knowing my girl Stephanie's schedule I am able to shuffle accordingly. No qualms here. No complaints. Not a single negative thing to say. Truly 5 stars to me.
2	The good: The place is beautiful & their prices are not out of control like so many other places in Charlotte.  They have a good product (wax). The bad: The person who waxed me (Brazilian) had poor technique, no people skills (looked miserable being there), and was sloppy.  I left there with wax all over the place.  It took me several washes & hard rubbing to get it all off.  She could care less.  It was my first time there, needless to say I won't be back.  It's unfortunate that so much thought was put into the salon & product, not so much into their staff.  Maybe I will try a different location.
5	Today was the first time I had ever in my entire life had a brazillian wax, and I must say it wasn't nearly as painful as I thought it would be. I was very comfortable and it was very clean there. Will definitely go back 100%
1	I came here for a Brazilian wax based on the reviews and reasonable price. I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived as it looked very clean, the front staff was kind, and they had a lot of products to choose from. This place looked promising! Then all of it went to crap... I was taken back to a room and greeted by non energetic individual who didn't say much of anything except to take off my clothes. Weird part was that she didn't leave, but just casually focused on preparing the wax. Very uncomfortable, but whatever as I was looking forward to learning about this amazing wax that everyone is raving about. I sit down and start asking her questions about it to just better understand how they do Brazilian's and what the big difference was, etc. I also asked if the wax required hair to be a certain length, and she said no. We begin and it hurts, bad, but is expected. Then I realize that there is nothing special about this wax because it kills! Now on to the most important part of this review, she spread a piece of wax, pulled and I screamed, immediately asked what just happened. She said unfortunately she didn't let the wax dry long enough and ripped my skin off. What!!????? I almost passed out. I replied, this has never happened to me how could this happen? And she stated it was due to my hair length. Wait, didn't I ask you at the beginning if that was a variable???? I left that place in shock, got home, and had blood that went thru my jeans (sorry for the tmi). You can message me if you want more details, bc after I cleaned the blood, I was in awe of the wound. I called to talk to the manager about it, and she was very kind. Not offering to comp me for the horrific service, but giving me a free wax with one of the other waxers. No. Thank. You.
5	Had my first Brazilian wax EVER with Stephanie. She made me feel very comfortable and talked me through the whole process. I bought a wax pass and will be back in a month! Everything was clean and hygienic and the customer service was great- if you're looking for a professional place to get waxed!
4	I love this location! Amanda is the best and I will continue to drive to this location regardless of where I reside in the area. There seems to be high turnover for the front desk personnel so they never seem to know much about what's going on.
4	This place did a good job on me. I only do lower legs and haven't had a problem. I got Rachel, she seemed cool. I'll probably go back bc why not.
5	This place is wonderful! Excellent customer service and the waxing service is amazing. If you like Brazilian, this is the best pain-less experience ever.I have been going here for months.
