4	The key here is "handmade" - hand pattied burgers, hand cut fries and hand made milkshakes. Everything is made to order.I was in a burger mood and BT's hit the spot. The 8 ounce burger was made of very tasty beef topped with my choice of toppings (I went with pepperjack cheese and bacon plus "free" toppings sauteed mushrooms, onions and lettuce, skipping the chili, jalapenos, pickles and relish) and a small fries. The food was brought out to my table quickly, where I was enjoyed one of their draft beer selections (Yuengling for $2.50!) The small fries were hot and there would be enough to share. (I missed that they also have sweet potato fries. Dang!)I opted not to go for the milkshake, but other people in the place were enjoying theirs. If there wasn't a Cold Stone Creamery right next door, I'd say that coming in just for the shake looks like fun.Music playing softly in the background, plus two flatscreen TV's tuned in to ESPN. BT's also has chicken and salad offerings, as well as kid's meals. Check the website for the complete list.Summary: Enjoyable burger in a comfortable inexpensive restaurant. I'll be back.
1	I was a big fan of BT's Burger Joint after they opened.  My last experience will make it very difficult to return.  The manager had part of the dining area closed for floor cleaning. Employee's were taking money, moving mop buckets around the area and then delivering food.  All this with out washing their hands.  Manager was also guilty of not washing hands between operations and food handling.Employee working the grill, sneezed into his hands then touched cooking utensils without washing hands.This is really a shame the management was not setting the example of food safety.  Visit at your own risk.
3	The burgers are decent, but to be honest I prefer Five Guys across the street. However I do love that you can get pimento cheese on your burger and the sweet potato fries.
1	Ok, can we get w/the times and offer a freakin' turkey burger??  I don't eat red meat (well, verrry rarely), so this place is pretty much off my radar.  We popped in here a while back since we were out shopping in the Rivergate area & thought it look cool & local.  So first the atmosphere: I just don't like the whole thing of standing in line, order & pay at a register, get a number on a stick, take that to your table & then wait for the waiter/waitress to bring it to you. Just not my thing - very "fast food-esque" in a seudo-restaurant atmosphere.  I have my exceptions, but I think this place just put a bad taste in my mouth.Now the food:  Ended up getting a chicken sandwich since all they had were traditional beef burgers.  I was shocked at how SMALL it was for, if I'm remembering correctly, $7.Partner got a burger & it was pretty small as well.  I dunno, maybe I'm just picky, but for a burger JOINT, I'd think that they'd be pretty sizable...on par with TGIFriday's or Ruby Tuesday's at least.   Just for my little sandwich, a side of sweet potato fries and a tea I paid somewhere around $12 or $13...are you kidding me?  Would we go back - hell no.  I can get a much bigger, better, tastier sandwich/burger/meal (and value) in New York City for God's sake (Park Cafe' for instance), not to mention elsewhere in Charlotte.  Sorry - this place just irritated me.  Way to overpriced for what you get, so if you're thinking of taking a family, I say beware!Ok Yelpers, after all this burger talk I'm hungry, so I'm off to Ruby's to get my TURKEY Avocado burger! hehe :)
2	i went here for my first time today and i guess i thought it was gonna be more than what it was. i was kinda disappointed that it was just a high priced 5 guys, mind you 5 guys is across the street and its where i was going to originally go. i do like the fact that everything is made to order but i felt like my burger was kinda small and my fries were burnt. not to mention nothing comes as a meal in this place so my hubby and i spent $21 on two burgers, 1 order of fries and 2 drinks. the tables were not that clean, and if you have read my reviews before i can't stand going in places with nasty bathrooms. it really bothers me when i go into a nasty bathroom in a restaurant because that means the employees don't care which probably means they don't wash their hands, and it makes me wonder what the kitchen looks like..
1	Worst overpriced burger I've had it was overdone the fries were lousy and for the wife and I to eat was a big ding in the wallet. Go across the way to five guys better quality bigger portions and you leave smelling like the food nothin better, plus a 105 rating from the health dept. Helps.
2	Sweet potato fries are ok. Five Guys aross the street has a much better burger. I wasnt really impressed with the burger at BTs. If you are going to do one thing, do it well.
3	Walking into BT's Burgerjoint, one is immediately greeted by the laid back vibe of a beachfront burger bar. Blue walls adorned with surfboards, naked light bulbs strung from posts, and a mix of Carolina and California beach music drifts from the speakers welcoming customers.Ordering is made easy by following the directions on the menu boards. Choose an award winning burger, hot dog or chicken, then dress it up with cheese, bacon and toppings of your choice. Several salad options are also available; though the Grilled Chicken Salad proved to be bland, and the Ranch dressing was clearly not housemade. It is the Hand-Cut Sweet Potato Fries drizzled with Honey Butter that deserve a special mention, though. Warm, tender and salty sweet potato fingers lightly fried and complemented by the sticky sweet Honey Butter induce fried tater euphoria for fry connoisseurs and novices alike. If you are dedicated to their regular hand cut fries, try a Half And Half for the best of both.Service and wait times are inconsistent at BT's. Long lines at lunch are unacceptable for those on a limited lunch hour or who are attempting to appease the hungry preschool set. However, when the staff isn't slammed, they are attentive and kind. BT's Burgerjoint is located at 14130 Rivergate Parkway in Charlotte and can be reached at 704-494-7356.
5	This place has awesome burgers that are hand made when you order them. They are pricey, but you get what you pay for. And they always have the day's sports running on all their HDTVs, which gives a nice vibe. Their outdoor seating area is covered, and really nice too.
4	Yummy food. Cheeseburger salad is great! Allergy friendly for my son too!
4	The BT Cheeseburger is large and very tasty, certainly enough to fill you up without needing any sides.If I'm ever in Charlotte again, this will definitely be on my list of places to visit.
2	Good burger, but pricey.  Skimpy sides.  Shaky service.  Very shaky service...  I'm probably not going back.  Five Guys is a much better option and right across the street.
4	BT's burgers are better than a ton of other burger joints...so I'm having a hard time understanding all the animosity.  Since I have only been here once...maybe they just got lucky?That said, the inside of BT's has a laid back appeal to it.  The place is clean and well maintained.  I liked that you could see the cooks and everything was laid out in the open.I ordered my burger medium-well...and I got it medium-well.  The ingredients I added were scaled down to avoid a drippy mess, and my burger was juicy and flavorful.My buddy and I also ordered a small order of fried pickles to share.  This is where BT's loses a star from me.  Five barely breaded pickle slices come out with a small carafe of ranch.  My buddy and I immediately looked at each other like..."WHAT!"  My buddy asked them to take them back and refund our money...no problem.The kid who brought us our burgers came back with another batch of fried pickles...that had a little more care put into them...but still a tiny portion for over three dollars...and gave them to us on the house.  My friend told him not to worry about the refund.  I could tell the kid was originally annoyed to take the pickles back...but sorry, that's just part of the job.  Those pickles need some major work in terms of quality and quantity BT's!Lastly, the buns could use some work.  Warm them, then grill em.  Aside from those couple small things...the portion size was nice, the taste was good, and the price...not super bad...but in comparison...I'd make like some of the other reviews and go to 5 Guys.
4	My husband and I love this place. I love the "have it your way" way that you select your burger size and toppings.The fact that you can get a beer at this place (and a wide variety at that), and blue cheese on your burger makes me pick it over Five Guys when given the choice.
4	BT's has been one of my favorite burger joints for a while now.  I go regularly when I get back home to the Charlotte area.  Had dinner there tonight...I had the Carolina Burger...nice beefy burger patty with chili, slaw and mustard...yummy.  Along with that, I got the Fries with some ranch dressing...again it was just very good.  The food here is very consistent...I have had this same meal many times and it is always about the same!The service can be a bit spotty.  Tonight, the burger took a while to come out...this is what stops them from getting a full five stars.Like a couple of other folks here, I do not reallly get the animosity shown to this restaurant.
4	Really good burgers with many different combinations. Even have a competition to eat a 40 oz burger in 20 minutes. WOW! Have at it. It is very good but is very big.
4	This was my first visit to BT's and we selected it because of a coupon in a local area flier for our after church lunch.  I am not the hugest of burger fans, but was willing to give it a try since my husband recommended it and wanted to check it out again.  I had the 6oz bacon cheeseburger with lettuce, grilled onions, light mayo and ketchup and it was pretty good, maybe a little undercooked for my tastes in spots, but overall was very juicy and with just the right amount of toppings ( I highly recommend the grilled red onions! YUM).  His 8oz burger was most definitely man-sized and he was pleased with his selection of toppings as well.We chose to get the half and half fries which were plenty generous to share and that way I got to taste the regular fries and the sweet potato fries.  The regular fries were okay, definitely good, maybe not knock my socks off good, but better than most, being hand cut.  The sweet potato fries were DELISH!  They come with honey butter drizzled over them or you can ask for it on the side (I would next time so that I could dip instead of have it on every fry) and they will be worth another trip!  Crispy on outside, tender on inside and seasoned lightly...LOVE it!  Check 'em out if you try BT's out!Our meal was $19 with 2 drinks and our coupon, so not a 'cheap' lunch option perhaps, but for the amount of food we got, I was pleased.  I ready some of the other reviews and while I may agree with some, I was happy with the atmosphere and thrilled with the sweet potato fries...probably their biggest downfall for me was the 'order at the counter and take your number' deal...just didn't fit the $19 bill I guess for me.  Other than that...I'd go again and recommend it to others.
4	An even better experience this retrun trip to BT's at the request of my inlaws!  I had the grilled chicken sandwich this time and it was excellent with american cheese, red onions, lettuce and a little bit of mayo...prepared exactly the way I ordered it!  My husband had a burger again and was pleased with it and the half and half fries were even better this time!  He ordered a chocolate shake with oreo add ins and it was delish!!!! Almost $26 price point is still a little high in my opinion, but it was indeed good and we could keep up with the NCAA tourney while we sat and chatted (usually a turn off to have tvs, but this time it was okay...lol...GO HEELS)I am impressed with the offerings at BT's...and their service has been great and I'm happy to recommend it again!
3	Burgers are good and was pleased to order medium rare. Salad was good too. Dont love the fries. Employees are kind of dim-bulbs- high school kids more invested in talking to their friends. So so place
2	I don't understand what all the hype is about BT's. Went there once it first opened and the burgers are nothing spectacular which I would expect at a restaurant labeled "burger joint." Go across the street to Five Guys which has phenomenal and super fresh burgers and fries.
3	The family and I checked out this spot on a Saturday evening. There happened to be a live band outside, so patio seating was packed. I agree with the other posters that the order takers appear a little spacey and very young, yet  they got our order right. :)  The turkey burgers were pretty tasty and not dry --some places tend to overcook.  We were iffy on the sweet potato fries which we split because they were like close to $3.  They were not crispy enough for us and the honey butter glaze was too much which made them soggier.  We enjoyed our meal, but it is pretty pricey for burgers and a shared order of fries.
1	Poor service. Food is overpriced and they stiff local charities out of money crying broke. Avoid this place it's run by dishonest people.
5	Excellent burgers and atmosphere.  Wish the fries serving was more plentiful... like Five Guys.Fried pickles also delicious.  Staff is exceptionally friendly.
1	Bill W. brings up a very good point in his review.  I ate at BT's around 8:15 on a Saturday night with my fiance and was extremely disappointed.  I took notes on a receipt as I sat and ate because I was so horrified.  Let me preface this review with two things: 1, I worked in food service as a cashier and as a shift supervisor for 8 years and 2, BT's was not busy whatsoever so there is absolutey no excuse for the following! -The first thing I noticed was that the floor was filthy.  Receipts, food, paper products, etc.  It probably didn't help that line cooks were throwing small food items FROM THE LINE at one another.-The glass on the cooler had dried splatters from the milkshake machine on it, it probably hadn't been wiped down for at least a month.-There were rags everywhere...counter tops, spray bottles, in the gloved hands of a line cook (gross!)-The manager was worthless.  I didn't see him do a lick of work except to clear a total of 2 tables in the 45 minutes we were there.  He was obviously more interested in texting than running a restaurant.  He also walked by our table at least 5 times and never once made an actual table visit.-One employee in particular had sagging pants (this isn't jail) and ate directly from the line.  This same employee brought the bag of ketchup out to a table and proceeded to fill the ketchup bottles at the table, something I feel should be done in the kitchen.-I know for certain drinks are not allowed to sit at the register.-Not once did I see any line cook change their gloves.Needless to say, I will not visit BT's again.
3	BT's has a few good things going for it.  If you are a control freak who likes burgers, you should enjoy this place.  You can build your burger from the ground up to your exact specifications.  I will also give this place credit for being on the sweet potato fry bandwagon before they were available at a lot of places.  The same can be said with the fried pickles.  The burgers themselves are actually really good and of a much better quality than places like Five Guys.  For a while, this was my favorite place for burgers.  It is still on my list as far as the burgers go.  There are a few not so great things that keep me from going to this place more often than I do.  The service, as you can see in lots of other reviews, is somewhat suspect.  There is also the cleanliness issue.  I think that the staff is pretty laid back in general and this probably doesn't reflect well on the place where you can see everyone who works there as you are waiting for your food.  Additionally, I like a place with some character and this one really doesn't have much.  It is kind of a surfer theme but it is kind of bland and just doesn't really do much for me.I recommend this place if you want a good burger that beats the other chain stuff.
5	Great burger !!! I could not believe the beer choices they had.  My family had milk shakes and loved them.  I will defiantly go back
1	We had a pretty bad experience. A couple of things were the cause:1. Ordered a burger with fried pickles on it, but then when we got our order we got an order of fried pickles and were charged for them. We got our money back, but they still charged for the pickles on the burger and didn't apologize. 2. Bacon cheeseburger didn't have cheese on it when I got it. Pretty weird. 3. Food was something we could have made at home. Fries had almost no seasoning. We were just unimpressed with this place. We went be going again and wouldn't recommend it.
5	Delicious burgers and awesome shakes, came here a few times, never had bad food. The price is reasonable, and the staffs are friendly.
5	They have a good selection of craft beers as well as delicious food and kind service. Pretzel burger I had was amazing.
5	The burgers are awesome here! It's cool how you can basically create your own burger with toppings you'd like. I went with a grilled chicken sandwich and it did not disappoint! The fries are also pretty good here compared to most. I recommend everyone to go to bt's!
4	Great food !!! The honey butter that comes with the sweet potato fries is delicious ! It's like a sweet condensed milk texture/taste but better!! Burger is pretty tasty too ! The price range is not bad and portion is just right! The sunny side up burger is awesome they also asks you how would you like the egg cooked. They also have the build your own burger/salad option if you'd like to be creative.Oh and they have a good selections of beer too!
3	I really want to love BT's Burger Joint because it is a burger place near us, but I just find it as okay.  We have been here two times.  The first time I got a burger, which was good, but this time I got the Philly Steak, it was quite bland.  Not sure what needed changing, but it I left unimpressed.  Also, the bottom bun was soggy and fell apart when trying to eat the sandwich.  Kevin had a burger both times, and he enjoyed it.  The first time we had fries, and I did not like them at all, which is disappointing as I love fries with my burgers!  This time we went with a side of Fried Pickles and they are pretty good, would get those again.I have no complaints about the staff, they seemed fine both times.  The one odd thing I noticed was the Harris Teeter cereal box on their counter.  Apparently this month they had a fruity pebbles milkshake.  If you want to be cheap with your choices, that's fine, but do you really need that on display?  I'm sure we will be back, but it won't be at my choice.
5	Most def the second best burger place in charlotte, next to my fave Kickstand. Craft beer, sweet potatoe fries and honey butter. Most def would go back again.
2	Waited over 20min for two burgers and tots-my tots came out cold and neither my burger nor my husbands were made as we ordered them.I ordered a water and never received it. The tables around us sat down after we did and they received their food before us.One upside to this place is that they have outdoor seating available.
