5	A reasonably priced French bistro (you know, like $18-24 for main courses) that will have tourists and visitors exclaiming "it's just like the kind you'd find in Paris" ad nauseum until you finally have to tell them, "Montreal is like Paris in the same way that New York is like London." Funnily enough, Au Petit Extra reminds me more of the "Parisian bistros" you find in New York rather than Paris but it looks authentic enough and, more importantly, it's got the food to back it up. With its large gilded mirrors, huge blackboard menus, and lots of wood, it looks like the dictionary definition of a bistro.  All in all, I'd say it's as good as the more famous L'Express but far easier to get a table (I've gone twice sans reservation). The steak frites are particularly good.
5	THIS PLACE IS SOLID! The food is SERIOUSLY good. The staff are very professional as well. The moment I walked in I knew this place was going to be good (not touristy, mostly locals who look like they know what's up, or tourists who know what's up, any way overall good vibe.) Au Petit Extra met and went beyond my expectations. Dare I say, my dinner companions were impressed with my killer food instinct to have chosen this place. I would love to go back there.
5	Best table in the house? CheckPost 5 @ 7 hunger rumbles? CheckQuiet birthday celebration? CheckDespite a late reservation, our server was so kind and split our appetizer and entree while we split a bottle of Santa Barbara wine from Santa Maria (still trying to figure that one out but it was soooo good). Very, very French and the best meal I've had in Montreal so far. The best meal I've had in five years for sure. Fresh, perfectly cooked, succulent, um, um what other words for culinary perfection can I think of? I can remember the complex yet light flavors of a chicken rolled with spinach, pine nuts, fresh herbs and some glorious sauce that my discerning palate could not fully place.  It was as if the chicken had fallen asleep on perfect bed, rolled around in mouth-watering deliciousness and awoke to make an appearance on my plate and was quite happy to do so. Thank you chicken. Au Petit Extra may be the city's best kept secret. Southeast of the Plateau where I live it was worth the cab fare, despite the strange location across from a gas station. The neighborhood looked kind of sketch but once you step inside this fine restaurant you'll not want to leave.
4	This was part of my #salaciouscanada tour and NOMS was it awesome!  I only had the foie gras (served as a torchon) and it was DELISH!  They make it in-house, serve it with fig bread, honey and a fruit chutney!  Tons of cinnamon and allspice in the additional elements.  Some said it was not a foie dish, rather the foie was there to add richness to the other elements, but I disagree.  It depends on how you eat the foie.  If the foie is highlighted on your fork, then you create that experience for yourself.  Noms.  We had an awesome white wine to pair with the foie, but the sweetness made the wine seem muskier than I liked.  A swift bit of the chive on the plate made the wine and fruit elements stand out and balanced your tongue so you could enjoy the experience to its fullest delight.De-lish. :DWant more of me?  Videos and #salaciouscanda tour at http://www.tastytwosome.com :D
4	This is a very good little bistro. I like the feel of the place...a little bustly, a little crowded, can sometimes get a bit loud, menu on a big chalk board, it's all part of the atmosphere. I've been here quite a few times and will go back. Everything I've had has been delicious and very well priced! Might not be the best French place in Montreal but, for the money, it is VERY good.
4	This was recommended by the host of the B&B we stayed in and was within walking distance, a big plus!It's nothing fancy but a good neighborhood gem.  Very lively and great ambiance.  Menu is written on a large chalkboard in FRENCH.  Our waitress was very patient and friendly.  She guided us through and gave us recommendations.  She did a terrific job on the wine pairing too.  I don't recall what we had but I can tell you we enjoyed every bite and every sip of everything we had.  Will definitely return w/o hesitation.
5	I think this is my first 5 stars given to anyone on here so this is an accomplishment!  I didn't know what to expect when I got here as we were there with friends as part of a celebration.  We were greeted warmly at the door and shown to where our friends were at a corner table in the back of the large dining room (there is a smaller room with a bar when you enter).The menu is basically written on a blackboard with several appetizer, main entree and dessert choices listed.  You can order a la carte or I believe they offer a prixe fixe option for about $35 with an appetizer, main entree and dessert (excellent value).After ordering, they brought over several baskets of bread and that's where they got me!  The bread was as good, if not better, than what you would get in France!!  Even some of our dining companions who were from France agreed and we quickly finished the baskets before more came.  I had a salad with goat cheese that was incredibly tasty and not too rich (the cheese was warmed a bit so it melted and added an extra layer of richness).  Most of the table ordered steak with fries and none of us were disappointed----order it medium rare even if you don't normally (like me) as you won't be disappointed.  Save room for dessert as I was able to order a (seasonal) rhubarb tarte that had the perfect mix of sweet to tart.  The wine list is extensive and even though I'm from California, I was blown away by the CA Cabernet that we drank which I had never seen/tasted before (now if only I could remember the name....).  Service was excellent----friendly and accommodating especially considering that there were several other groups of 6 or more dining that night.  I think that the next time I want to go to France, I'd rather come up here to Montreal as the food was comparable and you actually get warm, friendly service too!  A must try if you're in the area and can afford it.
4	I tried this place for dinner, courtesy of Yelp. Was visiting from NYC and wanted an authentic, reasonably priced dinner. Really glad we got to try it! We showed up on a Saturday night w/o reservations. The place was busy but not packed. We were warmly greeted by service and the waitress was kind enough to translate the French menu to English. My mom went with the smoked pork dish and I had the duck confit. We were very impressed with the smoked pork dish! Extremely full of flavor and tender. My duck was also very good and the salad it came with was fresh. A pleasant dining experience and would highly recommend it if you're looking for a nice, but not overly fancy pretentious place. The only complaint I have is that the food did take a while to come out but was worth the wait!
5	We found this place on Yelp when looking for "French, cheap and nom" and it exceeded my expectations. My first impression was relief, when our host, and our server were both friendly, and willing to speak English even though we had our  translator crib notes in hand. (which don't help much when people speak back to you in French) I also enjoyed the casual simple but elegant atmoshpere. Not too loud or bright, but not too stuffy either. My husband and I both decided to go the Prix Fixe menu for $35 (only thirty-five dollars!!)  assuming that French and cheap would never fill up our athlete's tummys, and we would need all 3 courses.   I started with the sweetbreads, which are a rare treat considering the caloric disaster, and The Mister had Salmon Carpaccio, both were giant heaps of nom. The sweetbreads were well worth the calories! so rich, but well balanced with a julienne veg that I couldn't place. For the Second course, I had the Smoked Pork with Pinneaple curry chutney and then I died of happy.  I think my husband had steak and frites but I was too abosrbed in my porc  fumee to care. One of my most memorable bites EVER. Dessert was Fraises de pepe, and I couldn't find a translation for this, but it was fresh strawberries with some sort of liquor tasting a bit like anisette and gernous black pepper. Not a combination I would have expected but it was so fresh after my rich dinner, that I'm glad I didn't know what it was when I ordered.  perfect ending. oh- The Mister had chocolate something that he wouldn't share, as his first chocolate something in almost 6 months. He said it was lovely.  This meal was perfect combination of deliciousness, and I still can't believe we only spent $100 (with a glass of wine and coffee on top. )  We had to walk for an hour to ward off the over stuffed tummies. In the category of French, cheap and nom, I vote for Au Petit Extra.
3	I heard so much though the years about this place that I had to try (especially that it was a 5 minute walk for me). This is a fine bistro but it helps it to be located where there is not too much competition.
4	I had been hunting for a reasonably priced French restaurant to visit while I was in Montreal and Yelp came to the rescue.  Au Petite Extra is just a short walk from the very popular Plateau and Latin Quarters and worth the trip.  The decor looks very traditional French with bar seating if you are dining alone.  Attire ranged from casual to dressy, like much of Montreal you can pretty much do your own thing.  We were given some time to look over the menu and after placing our order I asked the server to help choose between two wines for our meal.  The one she suggested (a shiraz) was excellent.  The food prep took a while so we had finished half the wine before our meals arrived.  What came out was excellent though, I had a grilled fillet with a sideof frites.  The only minus on my meal was the dip for the fries, it was a little bland.  My companion had the smoked pork which was also very good.  The aromas coming from other tables were quite appealing, if I visit the city again I hope to return here.
4	We had a most excellent meal at Au Petit Extra. The artichoke ravioli and goat cheese apps were scrumptious, followed by a perfectly prepared Mahi Mahi dish and flank steak. Dessert was a melty chocolate cake and rich, velvety creme brulee. The price, location and service - all very good. And while we arrived feeling self-conscious about our poor French language skills, the staff was not put out in the least and spoke English with us w/o hesitation or eye-rolling.
4	Energetic bistro with very well prepared bistro fare. We both had the Salmon Tartar and the Steak Frites and both dishes were satisfying and prepared with care. The Salmon was soft, cool and well balanced. The steak was deliciously prepared to order and the accompanying frites crisp, hot and served with a flavorful bernaise sauce. The wine list was good- a bit pricy - but with a few minutes searching we found a unique and tasty Cahors wine at a very good price. Our server was helpful, friendly and efficient. We would certainly recommend this restaurant  to anyone in search of a good bistro.
4	I dined here a couple months ago and overall I was quite pleased with my experience. It's a somewhat casual Parisian style restaurant/bistro which is refined yet unpretentious. If you're used to French dining in the US you'll be surprised at how casual and economical the food is here, in spite of the excellent quality.The service was good, despite our limited French and the hostess's limited English, and the food was also quite good for this hemisphere. It wasn't quite as exquisite as similarly rated restaurants in Paris, but that's Paris.  Montreal isn't Paris, despite some illusions to the contrary. A similar restaurant in Paris is also quite a bit more expensive.The foie gras was of good quality, in a decent presentation. It wasn't quite as good as Parisian foie of the same price, but what is?I had a fish dish I really liked, although I can't recall the specifics now. I believe it was salmon in a fresh, crisp tasting green pea puree with some green vegetables like asparagus. The treatment was delicate and delicious and it was quite varied and maximal in terms of flavor.My companion's venison was also very nice, although it wasn't as inventive as my dish.The finer details are again escaping me, but I do recall that the raspberry topped dessert we enjoyed was also quite good. The wine was probably the worst value in the place, but most restaurants make their money on wine and the prices for wine in Montreal seem to be rather high overall, whether retail or restaurant.The pricing is Very reasonable; for a similar meal in the US you'd usually pay about twice what we did. That's partially because French food is viewed as a rare luxury in the US, but also because dining prices are quite cheap in Quebec, at least in Montreal. Yay for low prices, especially if they are caused partly because of separatist, secessionist idiots. :p The economy in Quebec has been in a downward spiral since the 80's because of this, while the rest of Canada has been doing fine. It translates to good prices in Quebec, especially on dining, even with the high tax rate and the high Canadian dollar.  :)This place is definitely worth a visit if you're staying somewhat nearby and if you like or are curious about French food.
3	Although the food is still very good at Au Petit Extra, I found the service in my latest visit to be less than welcoming and not up to their usual standard.  When my friends asked for English help with the menu the server was rather crass and unfriendly.  He accused me of "not paying attention" as he went through and explained each item.  I told him I spoke enough French to understand the menu and he suggested I should have walked my friends through all the items!  Okay, fine, but my French may not be "that" good.When the food came out it was basically "dropped" without any followup at all from the waiter on whether we enjoyed the food or if we wanted anything else.  He only asked about the food when it came time for the check.  It was a very slow night with only about 20-25 diners.Not the best, not the worst, but with so much competition in Montreal, I may not be back.
5	What an amazing meal, served by a wonderful staff. While visiting Montreal over the weekend, my boyfriend and I wanted to have a great last meal, and picked Au Petit Extra. We made a reservation over the phone with the friendly host, and knew that we'd have a great time right away. When we arrived, we were greeted warmly and shown to our table. Our waitress was sweet, helping us pick a wine we'd enjoy and navigating us through the menu. The food was incredible. My boyfriend had the Monkfish with Squid Ink, which was beautifully presented and delicious. I had the steak, which was the most buttery and flavorful flank I've ever tasted. Merci beaucoup, Au Petit Extra. We will be back!!
2	Meh. The place is quite pretty and the menu might be appealing to out-of-towners that don't know about all the other great classic French bistro-style restaurants in Montreal, but if you've been to L'Express, Le Meac or even Cafe Cherrier, this place doesn't even compare.The food here was good a few years ago, but I'd have to say that it's mediocre at best now. I had dinner here this weekend and parmentier soup was bland, the steak in the steak-frites was dry and overcooked, and the cod fish was fine but nothing to write home about. And last but not least, the baba-au-rhum dessert was watery.Although the food was a let down, our waiter was friendly and on point, and there is still something kind of nice and nostalgic about the place itself. It's the kind of spot you wish could stay good forever. But sadly, it seems pretty obvious that it's not the case. There are tons of French bistro-style spots in Montreal that are WAY better. I'd pass on this one if I were you. Sorry!
