4	Verrrrry large Asian grocery store. Here you'll find anything you need to cook Asian dishes. You've got all the basic condiments and my favorite wide selection of instant ramen, Even mama ramen! (Mama ramen is the best) Fruits are not too fresh, and I wouldn't buy meat from there. But vegetables....it is vegetable heaven. Fresh spinach (not in package), mint leaves, pandan leaves, 99 cent avocados. There are the usual Asian snacks too like rice crackers, cookies etc. Would recommend this place if you live in St. Laurent. It is large and you can expect to spend 30-45 minutes if you do not have a grocery list with you. Service is quite nice...I don't expect service from grocery stores. But one man decided to give us a box to put all our groceries in. Definitely more efficient and eco friendly. Anyway check it out for yourself!
4	This place just rocks for all your cheap Asian staples!  Very organized and clean (which is a must as some asian markets will scare the be-jeepers at how un-sanitartary they can be!).  A wide assortment of asian vegetables and fish/seafood.  My wife and her french Canadian family think Chinese people "like myself" will eat anything!  I like to say Chinese will eat most, especially stuff that "crawls" or "slithers"!  Now you won't find stuff that slithers here at March Hawaii but you will find some stuff that does crawl In all honesty, don't be scared by my comments, it's really a great Asian Market!
4	I like visiting this grocery store when I can during my lunch breaks at work. Le Marche Hawai has a few small stores inside of it such as two fast food joints (one Vietnamese the other Chinese), a clothing store, even a travel agency!It's a huge place with lots of options. Indications are available in many languages but it's obvious this place is catered for the Asian folk as a ridiculous amount of items are available overseas you WILL NOT FIND ANYWHERE ELSE. Go to Maxi or Loblaws, get 2-3 types of Soya sauce... go to Marche Hawai? AN ENTIRE AREA has this, I'm talking of hundreds of different types of soyas, vinegars and whatnot.If you're someone like me and eats at least 1 Asian meal per week, this is the place to go to get what you need to make your recipe come true. Heck, at this point I have my own section in my pantry from things I've bought from here over the years that completely trumps what you'll find from Maxi or Loblaws. The vegetable section has a lot of variety though I don't find them particularly fresh. They have a huge variety of cuts of meat not found elsewhere, even Adonis which can make some recipes come true.The junk food section is every Asian child's dream, my eyes go HUGE when looking at what I can buy from this place. Real solid.The prices are economical and the service is decent.A must visit.
