4	Tons of seats, Tons of screens, Good deli w/ yum sandwiches. I was there for March Madness so it was great to party with other ACC fans, but the downside... it's not open as late as the Bellagio & the lines were a pain (not sure if this is typical or if it's only bc it was the first weekend of March Madness).
4	Wow, this is a nice sports book.  Large screens, large odds lists, everything is large here......including bet minimums on sports.I was under the impression the bet minimums were: $2 horse racing, $5 sports.  Every website about Las Vegas and every website about Sports betting has it listed.  Unfortunately each time I placed bets it was $10 minimum.  I was also under the impression there was drink service here.  Didn't see a drink waitress a single time.In a way it's good because I won each time I bet on the Sox and the under with the Royals (Thanks Zack Grienke.........2009 Cy Young?) but for those betting for the hell of it won't like it.  I made over $40 without doing much of anything except maintaining my Bostonian bias for sports.  Note:  NFL Futures Odds at MGM-Mirage sportbooks are terrible.  Only 50/1 odds for the Raiders?  They should be 1,000/1.  I think the Lions were 200/1, they should be 1,500-2,000/1.  The Patriots were listed at 5/2 odds.  Good thing I'm not a real Patriots fan.
2	The sports book is very nice in design, but the people I dealt with here are not friendly at all.  I will not return as a very nice sportsbook with friendly people is not hard to find in Las Vegas.
4	goddam this sportsbook is hugehow much does the construction of a room/hall like this cost?!?!?!well u can tell im impressed by the placealso its super close to the burger bar and the minus 5 degrees bar in the shopping area at mandalay bay casino.check out burger bar for kobe beef burgers and sweet potato friesdefinitely fun for degenerate gambling on sports.we went there for the superbowl saints n shitand there was not even one seat to chill at for us.there was like at least 500 people there im sure regular weekends are nowhere near that type of situaton
3	Wide sports book. Seating is spacious. On the days they have special events, they have amazing music! Not like a typical sports book though. One huge screen that will show the main game of the day.
4	This is a very nice sportsbook!  It's huge with tons of screens showing every sport that's in season at that moment!  And a lot of seating too!  There's a bar and a deli right on the edges of it so you can grab a bite and/or a drink while enjoying your favorite sport.I don't do much sports better, mainly just MMA and boxing, with the occasional NFL or soccer game thrown in.  But this is my first choice when deciding where to place my bet.  Sportsbook's are never really known for their friendly staff, but the staff here is both friendly and helpful for any of those needing advice or having questions about how to lay down bets.  Plus Mandalay is one of the nicest casinos on the strip, so you really can't go wrong coming here!
4	Awesome sportsbook. For one thing, it is HUGE. The screens are really big and there are a lot of them so you can catch a lot of different games at once. Tons of seats too - as well as a bar in the back so that you can order drinks.Another thing I liked is that if you're staying at THEhotel, this sportsbook is the first thing you pass when you get to the Mandalay Bay casino - so you don't have to walk all the way across the casino floor.
4	Love the size, huge ceiling, super roomy, nice bathroom, my favorite hotel sportsbook among Bellagio, Paris, MGM, Caesers, would be five stars except the individual tv's are getting so old that more than half dont have functional on/off switches and I even got shocked trying to turn on one of the televisions ..
4	The Mandalay Bay Sportsbook is a feast of the eyes! Screens galore, you wont miss what is going on. Seats are plenty!
4	This is one of my favorite sports book in Las Vegas. Its big, clean, and the TVs and line boards are also big and fancy. The poker room is right next to it, and there are a few lower limit tables right in front of the sports book too. If you go to the bar and put $20 into the video poker machines, the bartenders will also cover your drinks.Sorry, but no drink service unless you bet on horses, but there is a pretty good food place inside the sports book that has really good hotdogs and fries. It is also located right next to the Lion King theatre, which is located right by Evening Call- another awesome place to get drinks (read my review).Tip: make sure the lines and bets have not changed. Sometimes the numbers on the big boards aren't updated until later, just ask the guy behind the desk how or if the bets have changed.
4	This place is great for just about any sport that you can bet on. It's big, I mean really big! I made the mistake of going to the cashiering window and asking if they posted the scores for the Tour de France (Go Team Leopard Trek!) and the man snorted that they do not bet on the TDF therefore, they do not post any stages. Still I had a great club sandwich and fries while I played the slots. The lady who filled the order was super sweet and made sure I had all the little packages of goodies before I left. My brother had a pastrami on rye a few days later, said it was great. Lots of people getting food to take back to gaming areas, rooms, etc. Good prices.
3	The sportsbook is solid, the adjacent poker room is cramped.
5	Best SB place on the strip.  Lots of TV's n games on at the same time.  Also for those newbies trying to make a bet...the lines are behind each teller so multiple line...not just one freakin line that serves all the tellers....what dumb f+*&s.
3	Too many football betting options and not enough futbol betting options.
4	Big sports book.  Quick service even during the mayhem that is the first week of March Madness.  And a large number of big TVs that show every game available.  The poker room is right next door too, if you happen to be a poker player.
4	Big sports book. Many screens for the betting screens and tvs. It's next to a sports bar, where you can get a drink if needed. Good place to stay. I'd only bet here if I am staying here. Only because you gotta come back here to redeem your win. I'd place bets to the nearest sportsbook to my hotel. Only time I would make a bet here is last minute bets meaning close to game time.
5	The best sports book in town.  Great staff lead by Mike P. that is patient and knowledgable.  Good viewing and great bar drinks and cocktail service.
4	*Fantastic sports book, only knock would be they update their big screens, just faded and dull, not great*Get a bucket of beers for 25 bucks (or 5 like we did, course we were there 12 hours)*Their wings are half bad and come with the sauce on the side
3	Good set-up -- lots of TVs and decent odds but you have to come back to cash out. I wish the MGM properties were like Harrahs/Caesars where you can go to any of their properties.
1	Service is horrible there.  You would think for a sports gambling place they would attempt to liquor you up, but we had to hunt down our waitress several times and eventually left.
5	Great place to watch games you are betting on with a ton of TV's all on the different events going on at any given time. Staff is friendly and accommodating if you have any questions about wagering. Hector, Max, Claudia, and Sean are all awesome! Only place I will bet in person, otherwise it's the mobile app. MGM Resorts needs to catch up with the times and get themselves an app, you guys are losing out!!!
