4	The beer is awesome, the decor, lovely and the staff friendly.  A bit loud, but it is super busy!  Great opening weekend experience!Excited to come back!
5	Beeeer!I finally made it out last weekend and I'm impressed.They have a pretty good selection of mostly Wisconsin taps that's always changing and includes one of their house brews. The night I went they had the commuter kolsch on tap. Not my favorite style of beer (I'm definitely a hop-head) but it was a nice example of that style. Unfortunately, we didn't stay long enough for their house brew to change, I definitely will next time.Didn't try the food, but big ups for keeping it local.I'm super excited to head back soon.
4	Stopped in for some beers last Friday, tried the Honeypot (Imperial IPA) and Commuter Kolsch. Both were really good beers. There was also a Saison Shandy that was really tasty.  I'm excited they're filling growlers now, and was impressed they had four of their own beers on tap (although I don't think the Saison lasted the night).The environment is pretty sparse, but comfortable.  We had a few snacks (piragis, pretzels w/mustard) that were tasty and cheap.  The only thing that was killing me were the flies. Throw some fly traps out or something! I had a little fruit fly dive bomb and die in my beer after one drink (I did not sacrifice the beer, don't worry).  I'll definitely be back to try out the Strong Ale, but couldn't convince myself to follow the 8.4% Honeypot with a 10% Belgian!
5	I LOVE this place.  My love affair with beer is, and always will be, a hedonistic quest of delight and discovery.  One Barrel Brewing quelled my thirst quite well when I visited last Friday night.  The Strong Ale was a clear winner.  Though it boasts a 10% alcohol content, it is dangerously smooth and sweet.  The hop-filled Honeypot was also a favorite.  Even my boyfriend, who is not a hops fan, had to admit this was an outstanding beer.A few other reviewers have listed complaints that the house kegs ran out too soon, but fortunately this did not happen to us.  Another downside, which is actually a very good thing for the establishment itself, was the HUGE amount of people trying to cram into the bar.  It seems quite a few other beer lovers were just as anxious as I was to get their hands on One Barrel's amazing libations.  I can't wait to see what this bar will do.  i foresee an expansion in their near future, and hopefully that expansion will include a kitchen with equally good food.
4	Solid concept executed well. I stopped in several weeks after their opening and they seemed to have most of the kinks worked out. The Strong Ale was a great brew (though I have my doubts whether it was truly 10% abv). The "buy a bar stool" idea is a pretty cool concept that will allow the community to really embrace this place.  Handsome woodworking on the bar.
4	I am excited to have OBBC in the neighborhood. It has quickly overtaken The Malt House as my neighborhood spot for a pint (no knock on The Malt House). I look forward to more consistency in having the house brews available, but for how briefly they have been open, I am impressed with how quickly they are cycling through beers. The Strong Ale and Commuter Kolsch have been personal favorites and I look forward to more selections as the season changes.The guest tap selection is stellar and very reasonably priced. The snacks are delicious. I would eat a never-ending bowl of the hot pretzels, which may or may not be supermarket frozen pretzels, they are delicious.
5	This place is great. Enough said.
4	I've never really had a bad brew here, at least the ones they brew themselves. They also have guest taps from local Madison breweries, and they recently started selling some larger labels like PBR and New Belgium, but only on special nights as far as I know. It seems like they're experimenting with new specials during some nights, so stay tuned.The atmosphere is really great too; the wooden bar itself is beautiful. The bartenders are very pleasant and friendly, and if you've ever talked to the owner you know he has a real passion for making this stuff.Strong Ale #2 is a staple there and highly recommended. They also brewed the President's Honey Ale recipe during the debates ('twas a great place to watch them with the sound turned up and an engaged crowd BTW). Their beer menu is constantly changing, so if you like trying new beers you can't get anywhere else amongst a laidback crowd, this is your spot. It can get crowded during nights where a lot of people are out on the town, but it's worth it!
3	I love the idea of this place, but I have found better beers in Madison. I will have to try more of their house brews, but between the slim menu and the odd atmosphere, I probably won't go out of my way to come back.
4	I love the idea of this bar "Homemade in small batches with love" + $4.50 all beer (so simple!) The beer selection varies and it's relatively small (compared with some of the other beer bars in town), but the staff are incredibly informed about the beer making process. One thing though, the red hot pickled egg was not a good choice. The name should have given it away -  red hot and pickled - not a good combination. Though for a dollar, it's washes down ok with the strong ale... I've give it five stars if it had a better food menu.
4	Good beer. If you haven't been there in a while, I would advise going back. At first, they had some hiccups keeping things in stock, but they have it down to a science. The beers aren't always spot-on, but they are always interesting, fresh, and they always have really great guest beers. Don't go for food or TV though, because there isn't much to eat and only 1 TV.
4	Been wanting to check this place out for a while. Finally went with some friends last Saturday night. Even at 10pm we were able to grab a table. What's up with the dollar bills on the ceiling? And the jackelope head on the wall! Interesting topic of conversation...Good homebrews. Tried a couple, unfortunately I can't remember the names haha. The pale ale was awesome with notes of something citrus-like. Yum! And yay, they take credit cards! Still not used to this Madison cash-only thing.Enter gallantly through the curtain by the entrance, announcing, "I'm here!"
5	Loved this place! It's got a really chill atmosphere, the staff is very friendly, and the beer is pretty good. It seems like a bunch of homebrewers decided to start their own bar, and it just feels fun. We didn't try any food, but they had pizza, cheese, sausage, and chips. It was somewhat busy when we were there, but still plenty of seats around the bar
4	I made my first visit to One Barrel on Friday after work, and it was a very good experience.  I was with a group of five, and so we ordered the variety of their own beers, and we were pleased with all.  The Penguin was definitely the favorite, and I actually liked the simplicity of the Commuter.  A very comfortable setting, and a diverse crowd.  I was particularly impressed with how well the bar staff (sometimes solo) handled a big crowd.  They did a great job of keeping people's beers full.  By the way, the use of the curtain inside the front door was an ingenious was to keep the cold from blasting the bar everyone someone entered.  Bravo.  I will certainly be back.
3	Tried to eat dinner across the street at the Alchemy, but the wait time was quoted at "more than an hour-and-a-half" and since the Alchemy doesn't have a decent bar area or space to wait, we ventured over to One Barrel.I appreciate the heavy curtain near the entry way; it shields drafts and cold from folks sitting near the door.  We scored seats at the bar and were promptly greeted and offered a brew - we went with the Penguin, which was quite tasty.  The place was slammed the entire time we were there, but service remained fair.Patrons seeking food should probably plan to eat elsewhere.  The "menu" consists of some premade Fraboni pizzas, a sparse "meat and cheese platter" (cured meats and a few very small wedges of cheese), soft-bake, microwave pretzels, and not much else.Sooooo, our "dinner" consisted of a small bit of cured meat/cheese, and a pretzel.  Granted, the meats and cheese were delish, but I would've enjoyed a more full/traditional menu, or no food at all - maybe they could let folks order in?
5	I really like One Barrel. I've been here a few times and every time I go, it's a nice experience. The bartender/ owner? is really patient and recommends beers based on the customer' preferences. They have a great gluten-free selection and a wonderful ambience too!
4	I have been here twice.  I think they have done a great job with offering some accessible beers.  They didn't just try to create high alcohol content or mega-hops.  A very comfortable setting, great for a small group.  On my first visit, the solo bartender was incredible with his service and friendly presentation of they beers.  Unfortunately, on the second visit, the two bartenders could care less about our group and really treated a couple of our group poorly.  I'll definitely be back, but I hope the service is improved over my second trip.
4	If my slightly odd, grad student TA from a media production class I took in college didn't hang out here so much, I'd probably give this place 5 stars.The bartenders are some of the friendliest I've come across, the establishment is clean and trying less hard to be cool than the people choosing to drink there and they brew a Penguin Pale Ale. Penguins are adorable. If you're riding on the gluten-free bandwagon, One Barrel (1BBL if you're hip) also has a solid selection for you to dabble in. Brunehaut Blonde Ale? Well, blondes do have more fun. Get outta here gluten!Ordered one of the frozen Fraboni's (well, that's a whole other review) pizzas off their food menu the last time I was there and when the bartender placed it in front of my friend and I, our conversation went something like this:[Bartender] See this pizza?[Me] Yes.[Bartender] It looks delicious and it smells even better and you're going to want to eat it the minute I walk away but DON'T. You'll burn your tongue and the rest of your night will be ruined. Give it 5 minutes, trust me.[Me] God bless you.Right out of the oven frozen pizza sauce is straight-up lava.
4	Our group of 7 showed up late.  Kind of a hipster bar, which was fine.  Everyone was cool, beer was pretty good too.  Had one of their IPAs which hit the spot.  The jukebox was good as was the selected music playing that night.  We closed it down at 1am, which felt early.  But I will return regardless.
4	I could not be more excited about the new Mug Club!$75.00 gets you a year-long subscription with a hand crafted tankard. $1.00 off beers (and 4 oz. more!), an additional $.50 off on Mug Club Mondays and food discounts as well. My absolute favorite local haunt. Don't miss Thursday Bike Night where your first beer is $1.00.
5	One Barrel has really improved in my opinion. They are a lot more consistent and have a more unique brews. The servers are always super nice and knowledgable. The beer is always fresh. You can play games at your table! What isn't to love?
4	One Barrel is still young, but it has matured so fast.  I remember when it first opened.  I was impressed but not blown away.  Then, as the kinks got worked out and bam! Brilliant. It is now a major player and a place I find myself gravitating toward.  The crowds can get dense, but that is just a sign of a place doing a good job.  Besides the people there are usually friendly and the staff is superb.  By way of example, the other night, when the bar was packed, the bartenders were on their game.  Not once did I have to wait more than a minute or two to get a beer.  And the guy remembered the name my tab was under every time.  That is one impressive feat for how busy they were.  The beer is great, Care Bear Blood is a must have, and they recently added pizza to their limited food options.  No wonder we've been the last patrons out the door before.
2	The beer is as good as they (other reviewers say). My girlfriend and I just wanted a night away from our internship. The beer (she had Hopalicious and Hopticity while I had the Cinnamon Apple Cider)  was refreshing and definitely what we were expecting. It was a relatively busy time (between 5-8 we were there) and only one person serving the crowd. And now for the rating:We decided we would like something to snack on. At $12, we thought the meat and cheese would be a decadent little snack (what's Wisconsin known for, but for dairy cows?) We did not know what was in the paper packages because the server just placed it on the table without saying anything. The crackers were stale, the meat was frozen (was it even cooked?) and the cheese "tastes just as bad as it smells" my friend says.We hardly made a dent in these packaged "snacks"We gave it back and tried to get our money back with no luck.Quite the charmer, that server last Thursday. Not going to return seeing as the beer was quite expensive for us as grad students.
3	7/20/13 My wife and biked to One Barrel Brewing Co.  It's a great space.  The beers we tried that day weren't tickling our palate, but the "nano" brewing concept is great.  We wish them every success.
5	Listen, anyplace I can order a Care Bear AND not be mocked for my choice is super solid in my book. It's OBBC's strong coffee stout that's puts others to shame, AND because it's wildly popular (or they just decided to run it again) it's back this summer. At 8% ABV and strong coffee flavor, you'll forget the name, or just not really care.
4	One Barrel is still a cool spot in the Atwood neighborhood! Great beer and atmosphere. A pretty casual place and totally not pretentious.
3	The draw of this place is simple: they make their own beer. As their brewing has matured, they've started producing some really tasty brews. The ambiance isn't anything special. It's your basic long bar with some tables along the wall. Still, it's worth checking out to see if you like their beers.
3	I want to like this place better. It has a nice atmosphere and a pretty relaxed crowd, if you can call it a crowd. The beer is decent. Food menu is small (not a bad thing). The bartenders are relatively inattentive. One guy couldn't take his eyes off the tv while we ordered. He did that three times! We are two out of three here (two bad experiences and one good). Check it out for yourself. It's worth a shot. After talking to others, my comments have been validated. I think they could pick it up a notch and make it great.
5	Quiet place with a fireplace on the tv.Weird music but good for micros.They could turn the heat up a little because it is f ing cold outside.
5	Great looking interior; bartender was super ... very attentive and efficient.  The pizza was nice and I also loved the pretzel with great mustards from the Mustard Museum.  When i got my check I realized that there was a happy hour going on, which was a nice surprise.  Only wish it was closer to home.
4	There is a fucking drawing of Soda Popinski on their chalkboard. That's worth 3 stars on its own. What kicks One Barrel up a notch is that it might be the best spot for some day drinking in Madison. Rolled in on a Saturday afternoon for a bit before running errands and let me tell you, not an errand was run on this day. Awesome local beer (Care Bear Blood was my favorite), probably the best frozen pizza I've ever had, a fun bartendress and a giant stack of board games? Suck it, Target and Woodman's. I can fill prescriptions and buy kale tomorrow. This place is the truth.
5	I have a special place in my heart for One Barrel. The fantastic beer speaks for itself, but the prices are great (all taps and all styles of beer are $4.5-5.50 and sampler flights are $2 per 5 oz. glass). The ambiance is relaxed yet vibrant--my ideal place to grab a brew.#2 Strong Belgian Strong Ale is my favorite beer o' the moment. All of the amazing Belgian-style flavor without a hefty price tag. Care Bear Blood is an awesome imperial coffee stout, and the Behemout Imperial IPA is worth going back for alone.Their best deal is that if you bike there and bring a helmet on Thursdays, your first beer is $1. ONE DOLLAR, PEOPLE! One Barrel knows the way to my heart fo' sho.
5	By far best local brews in town. Grab a pint of the Bilbo Baggins if it's available
3	the beer on tap was mostly hoppy...I would never recommend Mangers Cider...outside of that, the bar is great board games to play and is quaint.  I really appreciated all of it's ambiance.
3	I would love to make One Barrel into my local haunt, if I lived in the neighborhood. It has a worn-in-couch-style of comfort that I found pretty cool, like a lazy cafe.  Still though, on a quiet, March, Saturday afternoon with only about 5 other customers present, the bartender made it pretty clear that she was unhappy about being there. Normally this wouldn't be too noticeable, but during off-hours when the bartender has more of a presence, indifference makes more if an impression. Regardless, the Bilbo black ipa was mighty good, the best beer I tried from their impressively large draft list. They also had an olde ale and a barley wine that stood up really well. The design team behind the restaurant deserves some credit too: I like their cardboard coasters, the Nintendo themed chalk board art and the bike stuff all over the place. You've figured out what rings with products of the late 80s and early 90s.
5	Favorite place to get a beer in Madison! #2 Strong Ale is always a winner and the Penguin Ale is a good standby. Great atmosphere, fun crowd, and if you get hungry, the Frabonis pizzas are as solid as frozen pizzas get. Oh, and whoever does the chalkboard art there has got major skills.
1	What a bunch of pretentious f%@&ers.  I'm no beer connoisseur but I'd rather head next door to the taco palace and have a miller light than endure a single moment of the snobbery you could cut with a knife.
4	I have only been here once but it was a fun experience, my friends and the lady serving us shared a lot of jokes, which is awesome.  I will come back again!
3	A small quaint little brewery serving up some good beer. The atmosphere is a little crowded and small. They have a fantastic Strong Ale that I gave a 4.5/5 stars on untappd. Great beer but lacking in atmosphere. The server wasn't too knowledgeable about brewing which I find annoying at craft breweries.
4	I'm going to try really hard not hating on this place simply because all the streets around it were closed off for the "Atwood Fest" but parking was freaking IMPOSSIBLE.  Not One Barrel's fault, but annoying none the less.  The thing that concerns me is that the taproom is pretty small and the parking seems like it may ALWAYS be an issue so with those two things combined it might not be worth the trip if you hate traffic, parking, and people like I do.  The good thing is, however, the beer and the service are good so it allllllllmost makes up for the other stuff.  I got a small sampler of the two APAs and the Imperial IPA on tap.  All were pretty good (and cheap!) but the Behemoth was my favorite of the three.  It actually had some hops and a nice citrus aroma so with that alone it blew away anything I tried at our last stop (Great Dane).  I wouldn't say it's my favorite brewery in Madison (or in Wisconsin for that matter), but it's certainly better than some others I've tried.  I will say that it's definitely a good place to hang out, have a beer, play a board game, or actually converse with your fellow beer drinkers.
3	This is a pretty cool space. They're experimenting with a lot of stuff but they still need to keep at it. I'm not going to pretend to have tasted their best during my single trip. I'm sure they've nailed some really good beers in their day. The stuff I drank however didn't pack much of a punch. Keep it up guys. I'll be back.
4	Great beer. Nice small nano brewery the sausage platter was not so great just drink beer and you will be good. Seriously one really good beer they didn't have stout or porter but the next best thing was
3	In town from AZ and decided to come here based on recommendations from a friend. I was a little disappointed with the Penguin IPA as it wasn't as hoppy as I was hoping. Great cheese platter and atmosphere.I wish they would've had a less expensive beer glass (the one available is a $35 plain white cermanic glass) possibly with the One Barrel Brewing logo on it so I could've brought it back to my friend who had recommended the place.
4	Really accommodating owners! Was able to buy some of their pint glasses, which were a really great deal!
4	I was really impressed with this establishment. It is well lit with plenty of seating options. It has a pretty big menu for its size. This is a place for a beer drinker, not a casual sipper. They take their beers very seriously. There is Fabroni's pizza and other local snacks. The chocolate dipped pretzels come from straight down the street. The bartenders are friendly but not overly chatty. It is a great place to grab a drink on a date or after dinner for some late night chatting.
4	Delicious, supurb, totally tastey BEER here! Their beers are top notch! Service with a smile and a delicious meat plate. That fig jam... nuff said. Come here, Drink Mas!
5	It's my kind of bar. From the great bartenders & excellent beer selection to the hanging deer mount on the wall! I think this place is hard to beat in the Madison area.I love the #2 Strong ale! It's my go to, (10% alcohol @ $6) I have no complaints. I truly enjoy a beer that I can drink 3 cups of and be toasted. Yup, it's pretty great. I also enjoy that there is a small bar food selection including nuts, pretzels, frozen Fabroni's pizza, meat sticks  & cheeses. Nothing overly elaborate that would force one of the bartenders to detour away from the bar for an extended period of time.You could get away with calling One Barrel a classy bar for the "I'm just here for the great beer" kind of people.The coasters are my favorite. They are cut squares of cardboard that someone has stamped with the logo (a penguin drinking a beer). Stay classy One Barrel! If you don't know the story behind why the logo is a Penguin, I suggest you ask one of the bartenders. I got a funny reply that I don't want to ruin for anyone reading this.I love this bar.
5	What I initially thought was going to be a quick stop for tasting a few brews before grabbing dinner, resulted in tasting a few brews and then having a few more. I'm not quite sure what I expected, but it surpassed all my expectations. My water glass was never empty (a pet peeve of mine), except when I was leaving. The bartender was the right amount of attentive.And the brews! Very good. I ordered the flight. The Fuggle (India Brown Ale) was my favorite from that bunch. Since they had more of their brews on tap, I tried Penguin, #2 Strong, and their Sour per reviews on here. And I've got to say...the #2 Strong was really delicious. I would highly recommend it to anyone.
5	Love this bar. They brew awesome beers and you can try multiple at one time with a very reasonably priced flight! One Barrel also serves pretty good paninis and a great meat and cheese board. Wouldn't go for a big planned dinner, but if someone hasn't eaten yet, they definitely have enjoyable options. The atmosphere is a lot of fun. Great to go with a small group of friends and take up a table. It's definitely "chill" but there's no pressure to be quiet. We love to go on a Saturday afternoon or weeknight to play Cards Against Humanity - just ask the bartenders and if it's not taken by other customers, you can play.Highly recommend checking out One Barrel whether it's for one drink with a friend or a place to spend a few hours with many friends.
5	Great beer selection, kind bartenders, AND they have Cards Against Humanity behind the counter for you to play, if you ask nice. I dig this place the most.
5	Walked here with a few friends after work, and let me say...I hope we come here a lot more on Friday nights.One Barrel reminds me of my favorite brewing Co. back home, small, inviting feel, with great staff, and great brews!Our group of 6 walked in and got a table along the old brick wall, looked up and saw dollar bills all over the ceiling, from past party goers, not sure what they use to keep them up there, but I wanted my try at it. But sadly failed.As we got ourselves situated we went up to the bar to get our drinks.  I ended up getting all four of their Hard Ciders through out the night. While the others got different brews, which included, the Spice Brown Ale, and The Ginger Beer with Bourbon, or with Gin. I ended up sampling a taste off their's, all pretty fantastic.  The the atmosphere here, the staff, and the music they play overhead gives One Barrel two thumbs up in my book. :)
5	Beer! Beer! Beer! Everyone is going to think I'm a lush based off this review and my past reviews, but I can't help raving about great places to grab a drink! One Barrel is a wonderful spot to spend time with friends. Not only do they have great beer (I've mentioned Strong Ale in the past, but a helpful reminder never hurt anybody), but they also have board games and decent pizza. The bar itself is never crowded and there are plenty of places to sit and enjoy playing games or watching one on their television. It's also in a great location. It's close to Alchemy, Tex Tubb's, and many other great bars/restaurants, so if you feel the need to move around (although I doubt it), you'll have plenty of options.
3	Good beer and I like the concept.  The space is a bit 'cold'.  Not in temperature but just needs some wearing-in.  Was surprisingly empty on a Friday night.  I like it but it needs more energy.  Music was great.
5	The beer is amazing. They know how to brew an amazing beer of the darker style. I haven't tried the lighter beers but I imagine they would be just as good.
