2	This place is brand new. How new? I had to make the listing for the hotel. So....The good? It is new, and spotless. Really beautiful. The rooms are spacious, and you cannot beat the location if you are going to see the Pirates play. While parking is $18, it is cheaper than the stadium lot on the other side of the fence.The bad.... the complimentary breakfast buffet. The food itself was pretty good, if you could get some. One morning they ran out of everything. That's right, EVERYTHING. Including plates and cups. I had to go to the front desk and tell them that they needed more help, and one manager jumped in, but it was still a train wreck. I think they needed at least four more people helping out. Families were leaving to go somewhere else, even though they would have to pay. It was that bad.The REALLY bad?....Ashley at the front desk. Checking out she asked how our visit was, and I told her about the buffet scene the day before. Even though she wasn't there, and admitted it, she actually argued with me saying it wasn't as bad as I said. Way to go Ashley, take a bad situation and make it worse.
5	This hotel was fabulous, really everything we could have wanted. The room was huge and although we were there for a short stay and really didn't need a kitchen, a dining table, a desk, and a living room area, it was nice to have the area to spread out a little. My boyfriend loved the large TV.  The room was really spotless, and the kitchen seemed pretty well stocked with whatever you would need if you wanted to make a few meals (i.e. a strainer if you wanted to make pasta.)  They also would grocery shop for you and stock your fridge if you leave a list, and charge it to your room!  We didn't take advantage of this, but it seemed like a great perk - I love the idea of having a kitchen in your room, but who wants to grocery shop while you're on vacation?  For "room service" they also deliver from a nearby restaurant.  The location is directly across from PNC Park, the Pittsburgh Pirates baseball field, and from our room on the 7th floor you could see into the park - not to the field, but to the concourse and seating area at least.  I'd be interested in seeing the view from the top floor.  We were also within an easy walk from Heinz Field and the Warhol Museum.The hotel also offers a lot of amenities - an indoor pool, a small fitness room, a theater, a pool table, a lot of lounge space (as if your room isn't big enough) with televisions, and a really cool outdoor patio with a fire pit and a large grill if you want to host a little barbecue outside.The breakfast was great.  They had 2 waffle makers, eggs, sausage, french toast, yogurt, cereals, bagels and bread/toast, cereal, muffins (chocolate chip! my favorite!) and wonderful fruit, yogurt, granola parfaits, 4 kinds of juice, coffee, tea, and milk.  The morning we were there, it was a little crowded, for example I had to wait a minute or two for the toaster, and they were out of the muffins but quickly refilled them.  Everything was delicious, especially those muffins and the yogurt parfait!The front desk staff was very nice.  We had gotten a little lost on our way in, but they stayed on the phone with us and talked us right into their parking lot, and when we got in they made sure we knew about all of the amenities they offer.  That required reciting a long list, but don't you hate when you're checking out of a hotel and thinking "Oh, I didn't even know they had a...."?Finally, I have to mention the shuttle service.  They had a van that would take you around Pittsburgh.  Although we had a car with us, we had driven 6 hours to get there, and had a 6 hour drive home to look forward to, so it was nice to let someone else do the driving and leave our car in the lot.  Whenever we called, the driver was there to get us within a few minutes, he didn't mind taking us from place to place, and best of all he had some great tips on what to see.  It was really nice to be chauffeured around, and dropped off valet style right in front of the places we wanted to see, especially with such friendly service.The price was a little more than I was expecting to spend in Pittsburgh, but after staying there I would say that it was worth it.  (And, on the weekend at least, it is pretty tough to find a cheap room in this neighborhood.)  This hotel was excellent, I would recommend it if you're staying in Pittsburgh and I will definitely seek out other Residence Inn locations on future trips - I only hope they can live up to the Pittsburgh location!
3	Based on the size and quality of the hotel and rooms themselves, the hotel would have gotten an easy 4, maybe even 5 stars.Unfortunately the service received was less than perfect. Reservations for 3 side-by-side rooms were made 3 months in advance, and upon checking in we were told all 3 rooms were on different floors....oook.Then we were told that parking was an extra $18 per night, per car in their lot. This is not outrageous given the location, but this should be explained upfront, and not when you arrive.You could argue the cost is worth it to park in a secured and monitored lot, and I would have agreed with you - Until a homeless gang came through while we were at the baseball game and stole our coolers.*Because of said beer robbery, we were comped for one of the spots, but the damage was done and some of our Michelob Ultras were gone FOREVER.**_______________* We know it was a homeless gang because we went to their under-the-bridge hangout and took our coolers back.** I wasn't in charge of buying beer, but apparently even the homeless are watching their carbs these days.
5	Great property--huge rooms, good staff, perfect location. World go back anytime. Breakfast was so-so, but typical of Residence Inns anywhere. Go to Pamela's instead.
3	3 1/2 star.  The hotel itself is nice/new.  The bed was a little hard and pillows not so comfy, but it was decent.  The location is perfect for Pirates games, Steelers games, or any North Shore activities.  The parking isn't perfect.  They only allow one car to park per room.  I'm sure that most people only have one car, but it boggles my mind when new construction, like hotels don't plan for enough parking...
4	I stay at a lot of Marriott properties and this location falls in line with the others I have stayed in.  With that, I have decided to break this review down with a set of positives and negatives.Positives:* New (always a plus for a hotel...particularly when it is new construction)* Extremely close to the stadiums, especially PNC Park* Walking distance to numerous sports bars (see negatives) * Rooms are comfortable* Full channel line-up* Friendly staff* Decent breakfast buffet (there were blueberries, strawberries, and chocolate chips for the waffles)Negatives:* Pay to park (I know...it's the city)* Confusing lobby/ breakfast area layout.  (I have stayed 110 nights in various Marriott properties last year and even I was confused as to where things were in this lobby!)* TV picture appeared "washed out" even after adjusting the settings* Walking distance to numerous sports bars (I know there are two stadiums near by but how many sports bars do we really need.  Heck, some of these places even close by 10:30 PM on a Saturday due to a lack of patrons) Overall - I would not hesitate staying here again in the future, though I may drive over the bridge to get some different grub.
4	Surprisingly nice with great personalized service. This hotel is right across from the baseball stadium, but there was no game in town when we stayed, so the neighborhood was sort of deserted and a little industrial. (An on-ramp to some highway is directly behind the hotel.) the view, not surprisingly, was not great. But the staff were terrific--there is a shuttle that takes you anywhere you want to go in the city, and the driver was very helpful, as we're the front desk staff. In the morning, there was a hot breakfast buffet--eggs, waffles, potatoes, etc. the room itself was decent--we had a one-bedroom suite, since there were three of us--my stepson took the pullout sofa in the living room,and we were in the separate bedroom. There was a kitchenette with everything we would have needed. I'd stay there again, though as I mentioned, there isn't much around if the Pirates or Steelers aren't in town. But it's close to downtown.
4	4.5 Stars. Although designed for longer stays, the Residence Inn is a great option, even if you're only spending one night on the North Shore. Each suite includes a full kitchen, living area and sleeping area with a bathroom. They also offer a complimentary breakfast buffet every morning.The staff was friendly and helpful from check-in to check-out and I liked the fact that you can't enter through the front entrance of the hotel without a room key card, a nice security feature. Plus, its prime location across from PNC Park and within waking distance to Stage AE, Heinz Field and the Carnegie Science Center is a huge advantage once you're settled in. If you want to venture downtown, don't worry. The rail station is just up the street too.With so many benefits, one would think the price per night would be outrageous, but I was shocked to find it a an extremely affordable value, comparatively speaking. You will pay $18 for parking and cannot leave your car in their private lot beyond check-out, but that is par for the course for most hotels around the area.
4	I stayed at the RI NS for one night after choosing this location over the RI Oakland. What a great choice!The RI North Shore charges the same as the RI Oakland, but the RI NS is a much better property. Stainless steel appliances, great mattress, and nice modern finishes are all standard in most rooms.The staff is also very pleasant.If you don't need to be close to Pitt campus and have the ability to drive, stay here!  Next time I am in Pittsburgh, I will be staying at this property.
5	We loved it.  Yes, you are paying more than you would like but we walked out the door and straight across to PNC Park.  Many bars within a block or 2 so NO Driving!  Shuttle available to take you anywhere you want and just call to be picked up.  Got us to the strip district and back able to have drinks and not drive.   Very nice room.  Free breakfast was good.   Very friendly desk staff.
4	This was one of the cheaper nice options close to the ballpark, and I'm glad we went with it. Definitely the nicest Residence Inn I've been to. Forgot that their check in is at 4, but it wasn't a big hassle to leave just one bag at the front desk and park without checking in. Laughed when we realized that the entry of the hotel is directly across the street from the Lexus Club entrance to PNC, which we were lucky enough to make use of.I only stayed one night, but I can see how those staying long term would enjoy this location. Very spacious studio with nice partial kitchen. The gym looked nice too. Surprisingly quiet even though the building is right across from the ballpark and next to train tracks; I didn't even need earplugs. Room facing the park instead of the tracks was probably a factor in that. Has the ever-awesome Paul Mitchell bath products, free wifi, decent breakfast. Highly recommended.
5	I seldom give anything 5 stars as it begs no room for improvement. Bottom line is this is the best Residence Inn I've been to. Have stayed at least 5 times. Great lobby, dining, office area. Also has billiard/theater room. Staff very accommodating! Walking distance to PNC and Heinz Field as well as many restaurants. Convenient to all Greater Pitt Are location with exception of rush hour traffic.
5	The location couldn't be better to enjoy a sports-filled weekend.  Was nice to just walk across the street after a Pirates baseball game and the free subway/train station right next to the hotel made it a breeze to get around town. But the hotel staff really made our stay amazing - so friendly and going out of their way to accommodate us. I can't say enough wonderful things about the front desk staff!
5	My wife and I came in from a long drive from Scranton, looking to check in and relax before we splurged on dinner and a Pirates game. Staff helped us avoid having to find dinner by pointing out the complimentary meal being offered that evening, for which we partook, and were happy for both the savings and for the delicious food. When we got to our room, we were happy to find plenty of towels, coffee supplies, and bedsheets, items which we've learned to not take for granted elsewhere. Obviously, the fact that the Residence Inn is literally right across the street from PNC Park is a natural advantage. But staff didn't abuse this fact, as it was obvious that they were working their tails off at every moment. The pool room, swimming pool, and fitness center areas were well-stocked and well-maintained. We would of course return - our only regret is that we didn't stay longer.
5	I just love the brand overall. This is directly across the street from PNC park, convenient to the free subway and river crossings into Pittsburgh downtown. Spacious rooms, excellent complimentary breakfast buffet, and the thrice-weekly Monday-Wednesday evening social saves you the cost of dinner and drinks. Kitchens, dishes, pots and pans, and a full-size refrigerator. The shuttle service is great, and accommodating, although they don't go to the airport and I don't blame them as the airport in Pittsburgh is very remote. The parking situation is a bit cramped, but honestly you don't need a car staying here unless you're driving in. It can be on the expensive side but well worth it, but I stayed on the government rate which is reasonable for such a great property.
4	Great hotel but the city closes the roads in the area during every event.  If your not here for the event it causes issues when you try to leave with your car.  Staff is awesome.  Clean and quiet hotel.  This hotel is very convenient to both ball parks and night life.
