4	This little unique Korean restaurant was located across the Arizona State University West Campus. I found this place when i was in a hunt for lunch around the west valley. I have been a frequent diner there myself. They have a variety choice of item in the menu, the prices seems real reasonable and decent portion. As most korean restaurant these days, they also offer serveral item in their menu that is not common korean dishes such as katsu(deep fried pork or chicken). I'm not a korean food connoiser, however, everytime when i was there, you will surely see a few korean that eat there. So i assumed that's a good sign. I would definately say that it's a great place for small gathering, small family dinner or for those who never tried Korean food before this would be a great place.By the way, if you don't find the restaurant name along the strip mall, it's because all you will see is a sign that says " Korean BBQ" flashing on the wall. One more thing, when i was enquiring a few Korean friends about the name of the restaurant, they told me it was "Chuhgajib" and i really thought that they said "Cho-co-late-chip" .. lol ok.. it's not funny .. but it's an internal joke...
5	What an experience!...this had to have been one of the most filling, out-of-the-ordinary restaurant forays I've ever had...we started out with the traditional panchan(small, complimentary appetizers)...I especially liked the kongnamul(cold bean sprouts in sesame oil) and the mu-chae(julienned radish in a sweet, vinegary sauce with chili powder)...we hadn't expected the overabundance of extra food, and so had ordered another appetizer--the seafood pancake. It was, in truth, delicious, until I started actually *looking* at it...this may sound a little immature, but once I saw all those long tentacles, I couldn't eat it with the same wantonness...I had to labor to pick each rubbery arm out before I ate a slice of the(pizza-size) pancake...nevertheless--wonderful!...when it comes to entrees, I honestly can't remember what I ordered(probably something 'safe' and 'healthy', and therefore, 'boring' haha)...I only remember picking off my fiance's barbecued beef...delicious...we were so ridiculously full by the end of the meal, that when dessert came, it was quite refreshing--a bowl of sikhye--simple, sweet, rice water...a perfect ending to a great meal!
4	I had a date here last night, I am huge korean food fan. I actually introduced my friend/fellow food adventurer to it in the first place (see my last review) When we went to hodori. I will compare Chuhgajib now.Ambience: About the same as Hodori. Did have more interesting furniture as they has these huge natural wood booth thingies...they also had table top grills which we didn't use because I was feeling lazy.Service: The server was friendly and attentive without being hovery... This is what I prefer Only things I notice is... she didn't refil lany banchans ( i dont know if that is policy?) and We didn't get a check..we had to just walk up to the register ( again don't know if thats the norm here)Food:We ordered the T 11 ( I believe) Bulgogi and soft tofu soup (we got the combo with squid mussels etc) my date didn't care for soup. I liked it alot aside from the squid ( which is just me) We ordered it regular spicy and it was fine for my wimpy self.I love how it comes out boiling. The bulgogi was excellent I prefer it to hodori was not dry and the flavor was good. We split one combo because we are both very light eaters.All the sides were good except the potato was either underdone or old. I think the portions are smaller here in general than Hodori as far as meet goes(which is perfect for us). The wine was the only let down. We expected the some milky-served in a bowl-with a ladel- goodness and we got a sealed commercial bottle. The wine itself was fine and a bit stronger than the wine at Hodori but I prefer the wine at Hodori. I like presentation. So In short i would say, the food is better at Chuhgajib( and a little cheaper) than Hodori but the win was not as good.I will be frequently both these spots for their relative strengths.SPECIAL NOTE: there is no Chuhgajib sign... its in the strip mall and just has a korean BBQ sign.
3	We are in town for the week and came onto yelp looking for places to eat for dinner. We decided to find some good korean restaurants. We were originally planning on going to Seoul Jung but called and the number was out of service and 411 said no restaurant existed. I believe they are out of business. So we went searching for another korean restaurant and this restaurant had good reviews. We also checked out the menu as well and decided to give this place a try, even though it was 20 miles away where we're staying, we're glad we came!We were debating between doing BBQ style or ordering individually. We decided to go individual. We ordered the Kimchi Chigae, Galbi Dolsot Bibimbap, and Daeji Bulgogi Soft Tofu Combo [got the Seafood Soft Tofu], and OB to drink. The ahjumma brought out some salad to eat, which was lightly marinated with some sesame oil and soy sauce. And then our banchan's came out. The banchan was pretty good, but we've had better banchans in cali. [To True L: there are refills the banchans. just ask her for more.]The Galbi Dolsot Bibimbap came out first and it looked really good. My Mr loved how it tasted. We've had bibimbap at many korean restaurants in socal, and he thought this one was the best he's tasted. My Daeji Bulgogi combo came out next, and the Bulgogi was very nicely marinated. That was very good and not dry at all. The Seafood Soft Tofu was ok, but the seafood taste and scent was a little too strong for me. My sister got the Kimchi chigae, and she loved it, so did the Mr. The Kimchi Chigae soup was nicely balanced between the spicyness and sourness. I think a little spicier would've been great as well! They open till 10pm which seems to be pretty late for Arizona. Thank you to fellow yelpers for the recommendation!
4	Went to Pho Avina (which I could easily recommend to anyone) a few weeks ago with my 2nd dad and he spies the Korean BBQ place (note their signage all says Korean BBQ and not Chuhgajib) and he grabs a menu and we make note to ourselves to check it out (of course, not until after I checked out the other reviews on Yelp)So we head there for lunch today.Now, I know this about Korean food...I ate kimchi made by the mother of one of my daughters friends and it was good. Beyond that, I know that when I flip on LPGA on television to watch the hottee Paula Creamer, some Korean chick is depriving her of a victory and I am none too pleased but it does appear that they understand food...but I digress.Lunch specials $ 4.95 - OK...I'm suspicious. Includes 3 pieces of california roll, salad, rice, vegetable and entree. Too cheap. We order gyoza and egg roll appetizers. Evidently gyoza in Korean restaurant is different than Chinese restaurant but is scrumptious nonetheless. Egg rolls more typical to my expectations and very tasty - I'm optimistic. Tea is in big weird cup with no handle and waaay too hot to actually pick up but tea bag says Liptons...I'm still suspicious.Salad, underwhelming but I am impressed with silver chopsticks that work well for me.Comes the lunch platter...- California Rolls, AOK - big mound of white rice, perfect- pickled vegables, tasty and interesting- sweet/sour vegetables, tasty and interesting...wishing someone could tell me what it was I was eating but hey, it's all good.- meat (I had bbq pork but forget the name) mildly spiced, nice, a little dry but that may have been intentional...my knowledge of Korean clearly fails me here. 2nd dad got bbq beef and it was very tasty, not spicy, much more moist.We left stuffed, happy amazed that lunch could be so good and so cheap.Place was packed and it's obvious why. Inexpensive, tasty, no disappointments and very clean.Woman who ran the restaurant wears sneakers and reminded me of a track star because she handled a packed restaurant but hardly seemed to work up a sweat and handled a bunch of to go orders as well.I have to say...49th Avenue and Thunderbird, two excellent Asian restaurants practically side by side and you can't go wrong at either place.You can gorge yourself for $10 here. You could drink water and have a $6 lunch that puts a Big Mac to shame.
3	It's the closest Korean place that I could find here in Glendale. Lunch during the week is super cheap and well worth it. I think the pre-cooked meats (both kalbi and bulgogi) are dry and taste like they have been cooked earlier in the day. Tofu soup is always good even though I like cracking my own egg in it. hahThe Pa jun was my favorite, because it had scallop, calamari, clams, and even shrimp! Overall, I'll give it 4 stars, but I'm being really generous here. (mainly because I'm korean)
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix.  It's the best Korean food I have had on the West side of the valley.
2	Average Korean food.  We ordered the Kalbi, Spicy Octopus, and Bi Bim Bap.  The Kalbi was good--well flavored and juicy, but I have never been to a restaurant where you had to pay extra for the lettuce, garlic, and bean paste to roll up the kalbi.  The octopus was super tough, which I realized later, must have meant that it was frozen before preparation.  The Bi Bim Bap came without rice, which I had never seen, and barely covered the bottom of the bowl.
3	My friend took me to this Korean BBW a week ago on a Sunday. It is located in a strip mall across from ASU - West. Upon entering the first thing i noticed was the furniture made of trees. It's really different and fun!I cannot remember what we ordered but first we were served 6 or so small white bowls with cold vegetables. I was not impressed, although the cold potatoes weren't vomitous.Then came the sizzling strips of beef and THAT was delicious, some of the best tasting strips of beef I've ever devoured.I would say if you like Korean food, you would enjoy this place. I am not a fan of Korean food but I would eat those strips of beef anyday.
2	This place was awesome when they first opened. Not so much anymore. It seems like the food grade goes down everytime I go there. Last time I went was in September 2009. side of rice I got was spoiled. Like rice smelled like fermented bean. Most of the side dishes tasted on the berge of spoiling too. I loved it because it was closer to where I live, but now I have to drive further away to get good korean food. it's shame. They stopped delivery service too...
4	Very friendly staff and great food. Bar far my favorite Korean spot in town.
4	This is a pretty small place but very fresh and delicious. My only reason for not giving it 5 stars is because the portions were small but it was also cheaper than your average Korean restaurant.We opted for bbq ordering the kalbi, shrimp, and beef brisket. The brisket was soooo amazing, sliced ultra thin and super marbled with fat. It just about melts in your mouth and I wished the portion was about 4 times as big as it was. The kalbi was standard but the shrimp was disappointingly tiny. There were only 6 smallish shrimps in our order.The side dishes were tasty but only about 6 were served. We weren't served any soup either! Overall, the food was really good but I wished the portions were bigger!!
3	I've been to this place a few times for lunch with some friends from school.  I think the food is decent-good.. depending on what you get.  I'd rate the tofu soups 4 stars while the bulgogi and other marinated meat dishes 3-3.5 stars...  besides, the meat portions are usually a bit less than you expect.  I had the jap chae (glass noodles) once and it was good.. other than the tofu soup, which I usually get, the other dishes I've had were just alright
1	Let me just start with an apology because I'll probably offend someone I know with this review because the Phoenix Asian community is so small. Don't get me wrong.  There are some great things here. One being the fUrNiTUre!!  I LOVE the wooden furniture here. I'm not just talking about normal wood furniture here, I'm talking about huge single pieces of wooden slabs being used as bench seats and seat backs. This furniture is wicked. The service is good too. The waitress spoke fluent Korean and English and knew what my friend Justin wanted when he ordered in Korean.  We had a few dishes. One of which was kimchi tofu soup. It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.  My friend Justin (remember, he's Korean) actually blurted out, this was the worst Kimchi Tofu soup he has ever had. We also had some spicy pork which was marinated not in the traditional spicy PASTE that is normally used but in a chopped up dry spicy chili that covered the meat like it was glitter. The spicy pork dish was supposed to have some sauce and the meat was supposed to be nice and juicy. Nope!  The dish was dry and served on a hot plate on a bed of chopped onions.  Add soju and a hot fish plate with some diet cokes and you suddenly have a bill approaching $50. As the Germans would say...  "Nicht so gut!!"So in the end, the meal was summed up by my friend declaring the meal being the worst Korean meal he's ever had.
3	Came on a Saturday afternoon and it was not pack.  Everything appeared to be made pretty fresh from kimchi to other pickled veggies and small snacks that came with the raw meat.The interior is kind of small but clean.  The tables and benches (chairs) feels and look super robust.  Looks expensive!Good service and food! Would come back considering Phoenix don't have many. =)
4	not a perfect place to go, but I like what I order.First things first... I always pronounce "Chuhgajib" wrong.The way I pronounce it, it sounds like 'brothel house' in Korean, it's suppose to mean the wife-side parent's place I believe.  (Please let me know if I am wrong)My girl is Korean and loves going to this place and I've grown to love it!I personally love the stone bowl that the bi bim bap comes out in.  Keeps the food hot though if you don't mix it... the rice gets hard on the bottom.  It isn't obvious if you don't eat it often.the other thing I usually get is the T12 (or whichever it is with the BBQ pork and choice of tofu soup).  I love the BBQ pork, it can't be found in many other Korean places and it's unlike anywhere else that has it... so warning to anyone else who has had it and change your expectations now!The Tofu Soup I get is always the seafood and extra spicy, I like it that way... wouldn't recommend it to those who can't handle spice.Unfortunately, the food is not cooked consistently... I can tell when the older lady cooks the food or someone else does.  She's clearly the better cook and I didn't give this place a 5 star because of the chance where I don't get her and the food is disappointing.Last of all, the price is great, it's a well priced Korean place (especially lunch or happy hour) and my favorite Korean in the valley because I can afford to go back.
5	One of my favorite places to go for some good, tasty comfort food.  I love that they're open every day, and have very cheap lunch specials.My favorite dishes are the daeji bulgogi and the seafood tofu soup.I've tried other Korean bbq places and this is my favorite in town.
3	While on a recent adventure with a childhood friend, we decided we wanted Korean BBQ.  We normally frequent other establishments but a while back, someone had told me about this place.  So by chance, we stumbled upon Chuhgajib.During our an hour and a half extravagant lunch, we were the only ones in there.  I normally try to stray away from barren restaurants but we were already spotted by the owner.  He had sat us down in a very artistic yet uncomfortable table and that's when our feast began~- Haemul Pa Jun [Seafood and Veggie Pancake]:  The haemul pa jun was delicious!  It had the most amazing dipping sauce and was quite a large dish.  I've had various kinds of kimchi pancakes at other Korean BBQ places but I think this place probably tops the cake with better dipping sauce.- Jap Chae [Stir-fried Glass Noodles with Vegetables]:  The jap chae was pretty standard.  It had a lot of vegetables and stayed insanely hot throughout our meal.  - Bulgogi [Marinated BBQ Beef]:  Like the jap chae, their bulgogi was pretty standard.  I did enjoy the sauce that they marinated the beef in.  It was very flavorful and cooked to perfection!Overall, Chuhgajib is a pretty nice place --- not my favorite but not too shabby!
3	I went to CGB to other day with a group of people for the summer lunch special, which was excellently priced. They even had deals such as buy 1 get 1 50% off on boba drinks and appetizers!The service was good. Although I believe there's only one person in the kitchen, so everything came out a little slow. Luckily, there was only one other table during the time we were there.I got the bulgogi bento box, and the portion size was filling. The bulgogi itself was pretty good. The only gripe I had about it was that it seemed a little grainy. Overall, I'd probably go back here again. For the price and the quality, it's worth a try.
4	I'm a regular there.I usually get the spicy pork BBQ and soft tofu soup(T12 combo, with dumpling soft tofu soup)I like the T12 combo the most from what I have tried so far.Most of the time the food tastes fabulous.There were a couple times when it totally missed,but so far I had the best spicy pork BBQ and soft tofu (dumpling) soup in AZ.Don't get the Kimchi and pork stir fry. It could be better.Don't get the dumpling and rice cake soup.Cold spicy buckwheat noodles are 50/50. Sometimes is excellent, sometimes its meh.Assorted veggie bi bim bap (mixed rice w/ egg, veggies and spicy paste) are pretty good here.I had better spicy rice cakes, and its not the best dish they have.Price is not too bad.The young waitress is very attentive and nice.There's Korean TV (dramas, game shows, etc) on if you're into that.
4	First off, I would actually rate this place 4.5 stars, not just 4.I don't like beating around the bush and talking about things that don't have to do with why we go to most restaurants, the FOOD!The restaurant itself was very clean and nice.This was my first time here, and I moved to AZ about a week ago. I went in for the lunch special, which was an awesome deal for what I got and how everything tasted. Its 4.95 Mon-Sat which is great to include Saturday.I ordered take-out and just finished the meal. I ordered the beef bulgogi. They give a LOT of beef for the money. They included 2 side dishes. Unfortunately, they did not have the fish cake side dish, no problem though. They also ran out of california rolls which come with the meal (which is already a great deal without the rolls) so they substituted two fried dumplings which were good. I kinda wished they put the beef on a bed of white raw onions, but the cabbage was fine and the beef was really good anyway.I also ordered a bubble tea and asked if it could be made as a milk-tea and NOT a slushie (I don't like the slushie versions that most places serve). She asked in the back and said they would do it. The drink came out tasting great and was not ridiculously over-sweetened like most places do. Overall, I will definitely be going back here to try the many other things they have on their menu. I've eaten at many korean restaurants around the country and this is a really great place.
5	My husband and I lived in Korea for a combined 13 years. When we moved back to Phoenix, it didn't take us long to start craving our favorite foods. We have tried every Korean place within 10m miles of our house (which, luckily for us, is really close to Chuhgajib) and this is by far our favorite.Whether we have a craving for something specific or even something off the menu, we are never disappointed.It's a bit pricier than food in Korea, but it's oh-so-yummy! The owners are wonderfully friendly, and the place reminds me of a place my husband and I called home for a long time. It makes me miss the all night sojo binges followed by a noraebang (karaoke).My husband loves Haemul Tang (Seafood soup) and my fav is the bulgogi you grill at the table. This place is authentic and if you've never had Korean food before, try the bulgogi, but make sure someone shows you how to eat it Korean-style.If you love the kimchi like we do, they sell it to go!
3	I had a far better experience eating here the other day than my first visit a couple of years ago... This place is pretty small, maybe about ten tables that can seat 4-6 people but I didn't feel cramped at all so that was cool. Be prepared for a little bit of a wait as the few times I've been here there's been only one person tending to everyone.I ordered a spicy beef stew dish that was freakin' excellent, totally hit the spot! Just don't come here super hungry because your stew will come out to you still bubbling hot in one of those soup stone bowls. I was much happier with this dish than the galbi and katsu dishes I've had here before, so I'm definitely sticking to the stew next time I come here!
4	I have been eating here for the last few years.  Nothing much has changed.  The nice wood furniture, friendly staff, and good food.  I went to lunch with my brother.  We shared a combo meal (bulgogi and assorted tofu soup).  I added a gyoza for appetizer.  Of course, we noticed a sign order 1 appetizer and get the 2nd 50% off.  DOH!   Gyoza - Fried with noodles, veggies, etc. inside - EXCELLENTBulgogi - YUM, needs a little more sauce but still YUMAssorted tofu soup - Had seafood, meat, tofu, and a spicy soup (too spicy for me to even try - Medium)I have had the lunch specials too... Can't beat the price with all the items you get.
5	Look no more, this is the best Korean food in Phoenix! Great $5 lunch specials with tons and tons of food. Everything is fresh and expectionally tastey! My husband is a big fan of Korean food, so we come here quite often. This place is always crowded...hmmm I wonder why? Probably because it is so darn good. If you have never tried Korean good, then you have to try this place. I highly recommend the beef bulgogi. Plus if you are a bubble tea fan, they have a buy one and get the other half off special. One last thing, if you come for lunch be prepared for a longer wait time since it gets pretty busy.-M.P.
4	Oh, how I missed the tofu soup and bulgogi combo in this cold weather.  The best combo deal you will find in a Korean Restaurant.  They have excellent dishes that will warm your body and your tummy.   My other favorites are bibmbap in the hot stone pot,  Korean BBQ, Chap Chae,  Sul Lung Tang, Mandoo Gook, Katsu plate (huge), and seafood pancake ( it should be an entree instead of an appetizer).  They offer excellent lunch specials for less than $6.00.
3	Alright, so I'm OK with this place. The lady was nice...kind of.We had a young baby and she wanted to seat us in the middle of the room... not a good idea.1 person running around + Sleeping infant seat on a chair. I see bad things happening. She wasn't thrilled when I wanted to sit at booth. She allowed it though. They were out of the Yakisoba I originally ordered. No problem, we moved on from that. I ended up ordering a dish that usually comes with meat..which apparently could be made with out but switching meat for tofu was a no go. I don't really get it since tofu is much cheaper but I guess not adding tofu and just using veggies that would have originally came is even cheaper...but still... The noodles veggie mix ended up pretty bland, but luckily my stir fry came with a bunch of cold stuff I could add to my hot meal. The lotus root was a new try and tasty. I added that, seaweed and bean sprouts to my noodles and bland veggies. Fiance liked it, but I don't think this will be on our favorites lists since the vegetarian options are few and far between and substitutions seems to be an issue as well as seating. It was a neat experiment. They are very decently priced and I agree with other reviewers that the furniture is lovely..just not a great place to be a vegetarian
5	My husband surprised me with a visit to this place and boy was it a treat! I ordered the K8 - Saeng SaeWoo Gui - Shrimp and vegetables and he ordered the K4 - Daeji Bulgogi - spicy pork. Both were the 'BBQ at your own table' type.  The aroma of the shrimp and the zucchini roasting in the sauce and changing colors really whets your appetite. The food was light, delicious and just the right quantity without making you feel like heavy. I ordered the Hazelnut coffee with boba. The drink itself was yummy but I didn't care too much for the boba.The seating I would say is a little tight but the food and service are excellent. Very well priced too. And I got to enjoy some Korean TV drama as well :)We're definitely going back to try a few more dishes!
3	Hm.  We bought a Groupon for this one and have been excited to try it. Was it good?  Yes.  Good service?  Yes.  Good price?  Yes.  Are we going back? Yes.  Was it GRRRReat (to quote a very famous Tiger) - meh.  Here's the skinny:First, I'm not SUPER familiar with Korean food, and they have an ENORMOUS menu with few descriptions.  There are some pictures on the wall which are helpful, but better descriptions on a smaller menu would be way more helpful.  So i pretty much just stuck with what I know. We ordered the BBQ - I got Bulgogi (marinated steak) and Todd got Shrimp.  They started the grill and we cooked our meat and the sides were tasty.  Altogether good - i loved the pickled radish side - but I felt like I was missing something...The server didn't give us any instructions, not that we necessarily needed them, so we just dove in.  But I couldn't help thinking - am I doing this wrong?  I had a lovely Korean Beer called BO.  Yum.  It was UBER bright in there.  I wish it was a little more...  Mood-lighting-y.So - like I said - I don't have anything really bad to say.  I'm not raving either.  So that's a 3 out of 5 to me.  Honestly, we plan to go back and try new things soon, but I have to read up on my Korean first...
2	I went for lunch on a weekend recently.Kimchi pancakes, spicy pork bbq lunch special.The seasoning on the pork bbq wasn't what it used to be.It seems like the texture is dried out and the flavor is bland.The sauce is probably watered down.It lost the yummy sauce/ flavor/ seasoning it used to have.The kimchi pancakes weren't that great either.I used to be so loyal to this place but after being let down the past couple times,I think I might as well just cook at home (and deal with the dishes later)
3	When I walked in we were greeted instantly. The place smelled a bit like a hole in the wall but nevermind that. We were happy to come in to happy hour. Galbi for $11.95. Whoop! Thankfully we were the only people there because there was only one server. I ordered the galbi and parents ordered the bulgogi. They also ordered a mango and mocha boba. Ten minutes in more people trickled in. and then this is where the service started to get slow. We got our appetizer no problem. Then side dishes. Ten minutes later the entrees were ready. However, it took him 5 minutes to get our rice. Another waitress showed up and we thought things would go smoother. We asked for our bobas and her response was "he's by himself and working on it".  I didn't like this response considering we had already been there 20 minutes without any drinks we ordered. Overall we enjoyed the food but just not impressed with speed and service.
3	Ha. My dyslexia strikes again.  The delicious beer was OB, not BO...  Thanks to Joel L. For the heads up!
3	maybe not what you are looking for but a good introduction to find outI tried two times...once at lunch...and once for BBQ dinner....both meals were interesting....neither was bad...but neither was great....3 sums it up
4	This restaurant hovers at 3.5 stars . . . my husband and I came here for lunch.  We ordered the seafood bebimbop in hot stone bowl, clear rice noodle soup with short rib, and the rice cake soup with beef.  The seafood bebimbop in hot stone bowl was our favorite.  Having this dish in the hot stone bowl makes all the difference in giving this dish added flavour, always worth the extra cost.The other two dishes were good but a little bland.The waitress was very nice, service was good.  I loved the furniture but thought the interior could use a little face lift . . . maybe a new paint job.The furniture themselves were so exquisite that I could see the place having a totally different atmosphere if the walls were painted a muted, light color with minimal decoration and the furniture themselves were highlighted,  It would def enhance the dining experience and draw more people in because really, the food and service was good.Maybe they'll trade me food for my interior design suggestions . . .
4	I've been a regular of this place ever since they first opened, and they've consistently been one of my favorite restaurants in the Valley. The waitstaff tend to be pretty hospitable, the food is delicious, and the inclusion of boba drinks on their menu in the last year or so definitely makes this place worth visiting again and again.A word to the wise, however - while the food here is extremely delicious, the the taste and preparation may vary greatly depending on the chef on duty. So, yes, while the food is good nine out of ten times, just prepare yourself for the occasional dud. Also, if you've never had Korean food before, be prepared to pay a little more than you normally would at an Applebee's or a Chinese restaurant - you will certainly get your money's worth, but be prepared all the same.
5	Got to try CJB today and man I'm a happy camper. We bought a deal of buywithme.com where we paid $15 for a $30 certificate. It's great because we normally to to Korean BBQ in Mesa, but this place is now my new favorite. We started with an order of the Gyoza (4.95) They were lightly fried, crispy and just perfect. Paired that with a large Korean OB Beer ($6). We decided to go with BBQ combo #1 that came with bulgogi, daeji bulgugi (somewhat spicy pork) and Dalk Gui (grilled chicken). These are actually the three things we usually get, so it worked perfect. The combo was $30 and easily enough for 3-4 people, with the panchak (mixed side dishes) and rice. The bulgogi was awesome, super thin and great flavor. The Dalk Gui was pretty good, just seasoned chicken. The piece de la resistance was absofrigginlutely the Daeji Bulgogi. Now this is always my fave Korean BBQ dish, but this ranks up with the best I've ever had. While it did lack some of the heat of other Daeji dishes I've had, it made up for it in flavor and just overall awesomeness. The grill they had there was unlike anyone i'd seen, it was better when I had them crank up the heat and let it warm up for a bit. it was this odd round grill thing, but definitely did the trick. We finished the meal with a Coconut boba. All total, using the coupon we ended up dropping a whopping $28 with tip. Even without the tip, it still would have been a hair over $40 which is great. Killer service, great atmosphere and rockin food. Great to have a new fave Korean BBQ spot in the valley
5	I was so blown away by my recent meal here and could safely say it was the best Korean BBQ I've had. We came using a Buy With Me certificate and ordered a combo that had three kinds of meats (spicy pork, beef, and chicken) for $30. That and an order of gyoza easily fed three of us and could have fed four people. The atmosphere was very comfortable with friendly service. I kept groaning in pleasure every time I ate the spicy pork. I even resorted to pulling burnt bits off the grill plan with my chopsticks, it was so good. At the end, we tried the coconut boba frappe which was delicious. I never had boba before and the coconut one was just right. Do yourself a favor and try this little spot!
5	Delicious Korean food, the waiter/cashier is very polite! This is my default place to go for Korean food. Go for the their lunch specials, super cheap and filling!
4	This place a new local favorite of ours, tried on a whim one night and have been back 3 times and so far my favorite is the chicken katsu and the tempura shrimp udon noodles, boba's are great and reasonably priced. The staff is nice, it appears to be family run, but the only thing is, try not to ever use the bathroom... it is in the very back beyond boxes and boxes of stuff and has a foul smell to it!  Overall great Korean bbq at an affordable price!
4	Some of the best Korean food I've had east of LA! Me and my boyfriend decided to check this out after reading the reviews here and I am so glad we did. I ordered the galbi dohlsot bibambap and kimchi pa jun, and he got the daeji bulgogi and pork tofu soup. I've had all the dishes before and I have to say they were all very good! the kimchi pa jun was definitely the star of the meal for me. The bibambap was very good (I really liked that they included egg, not all places do), but I can definitely say that my favorite restaurant in LA had better, same with the daeji bulgogi (I actually think that Cafe Ga Hyang over on Olive and 43rd Ave had a better daeji bulgogi - more expensive but a lot more meat, and they didn't skimp on the sauce/marinade, which I felt they did here a little bit). They also didn't serve complimentary barley tea with the meal which was not a huge deal but I always enjoy having it with my Korean food. Price was very good too, only about $40 for a rather large amount of food. If we'd gone for lunch it would've been pretty cheap, from what I could see from their lunch specials, so I'll definitely be going back for that! Service was very quick, and I enjoyed the variety of Korean tv programs they had. All in all, not comparing to food I've eaten in koreatown, it was a delicious filling meal and fulfilled my korean food craving and then some. Definitely recommend it!  I'll be back for sure.
5	I *heart* the Tofu Soups here just as much as I do the Galbi and other fantastic meat from this Korean heaven.More and more seem to be flocking here on weeknights and weekends, which is always good.  As much as I despise over crowd-ness at any place, I don't mind it sometimes as I like social energy built up around my table while sharing the same passion of enjoying great Asian food.I would say the best trait about Chuhgajib is their consistency in service and quality in their food.I had called in and placed a pick-up order one time for some Tofu Soups and they were really pleasant and professional over the phone and upon arrival.  The soups and sides were packed nicely into foam containers and boxed up for easy carry-out! When I was ready to unpack and serve, soup was still warm and delicious!  The amigos were quite satisfied.If you never had Tofu Soup before, I highly recommend trying them here! They are very tasty and have a variety of choices such as Pork, Beef, and Dumplings.  Cooked perfectly!  The flavor of the soup itself with the bits of veggies is just superb.  They come in different levels of spicy: Mild, Medium, Hot.  If you love eggs, they come inside the soup with the yolk intact and white still soft.This KBBQ is probably my favorite on this side of town.
1	If your Korean don't bother. If not it is a sad representation. There palate has long since expired, like their kimchee! OMG! How can a respectable Korean place serve a fellow Korean who spoke to them in their native tongue severely over the hill kimchee. OLD kimchee, our STAPLE in any Korean restaurant means crappy food.   Also horrible service. This hole in the wall should be walled up.
4	I don't really expect really good Korean food in the Peoria/Glendale area so this place actually went past my expectations. I had the bbq sampler platter that included galbi, samgyupsul, and another meat that I can't seem to remember sorry! I have nothing bad to say about the sampler except that there is not that much meat included and that the samgyupsal is kinda flavorless (except for the ample amount of pork fatty goodness).I also had the pork kimchi pancakes which were okay, kinda flour-y tasting though. Again lacking on the flavor side but they make up for it (kinda) with a super super salty sauce on the side.They offer boba and while I was there they were buy one get one half off. I got the green tea boba with no boba and it was okay. Nothing spectacular, I actually prefer Starbuck's green tea frap but I digress. My friend ordered the coconut and it was very watered down. So there's that. Overall, I would go there again. It's a fun dining experience and nothing beats grilling some fresh meat with some great company.
3	3.5 stars - As far as Korean food goes in Arizona, this is the best I've tried. The atmosphere is warm and friendly, our server was very polite, and the seafood pancake is the bee's knees. (Except it's an appetizer and it's about 3 ft. in diameter. Whatevs, more to love.)But, here's why I can't give CGJ four stars: When I order the Dol Sot Bibimbap, I'm not using the hot stone bowl as a warming device for my food, I'm using it to GET MY DAMN RICE CRISPY. If a Korean restaurant can't give me a Dol Sot filled with some freakin' crispy rice, I can't give them that fourth star.
1	THERE WAS A HAIR. THERE WAS A HAIR IN THE KOREAN PANCAKE.We found it during "Leftovers for Breakfast". I am crushed.
4	I love this place. The kimchi chigae is awesome and the lunch prices are amazing.
3	A fellow yelper told me I should check this place out.  He noted that from what he remembered it was okay, but that I should give it a go if I haven't been just to compare it to the rest of the Korean places I tried.  So, I took his recommendation and stopped in for a quick lunch with my husband.  They have a good selection of Korean food, from various jigae's (hot pot) to nengmyun (cold noodle soup), as well as Korean-Chinese favorites like Jangpong (spicy seafood noodle soup) and jajangmyun (noodles with black bean past sauce).  They also have a pretty good offering for lunch specials, various bento boxes and combination plates.  I got a nengmyun and galbi (marinated short rib) combo lunch and my husband ordered a bulgogi (marinated thinly sliced beef) and soon tuboo (tofu hot pot) bento.  Both our meals came with a side of california rolls, and banchan (side dishes) placed in a traditional bento tray.The nengmyun, galbi, bulgogi, soon tuboo, and california rolls were good.  I would rank them fourth in terms of flavor and quality, after Chodang, Paldo Cafe, and Hadori/Takamatsu (tie).  However, I could not bring myself to give them any more than three stars.  Why you ask?The mark of a good Korean restaurant is the banchan that they offer and, unfortunately, I can't say I liked any of Chuhgjib's banchans.  My criteria for an offering of good banchan is: 1) freshness, 2) flavor and 3) variety, and Chuhgajib missed the mark on all three counts.  We were offered a variety of seasoned veggies (cabbage, bean sprouts, and radish) as well as two kinds of kimchi (cabbage and cucumber).  The seasoned veggies were pretty one dimensional.  The predominant flavor for the bean sprouts and cabbage was salty and sweet for the radish; no garlic, no onion, not spicy, no sesame oil, no vinegar, etc. Both kimchis were okay, but again something was missing.  Also, the cucumber kimchi was too "ripe" for my taste.  Note that many Koreans prefer their kimchi to be "ripe" or "aged" in the pickling process, so this could just be a matter of personal preference.  I like my kimchis to be fresh, newly made, no older than two weeks.  I only eat "ripe" kimchi when it is turned into kimchi jigae, which is the way it should be made.  (Never, never use fresh kimchi for kimch jigae.)  The impression I was left with was that banchan was an afterthought, and that was a disappointment.  So, all-in-all, I would have to give them three stars.  It's their banchan that's holding them back.
5	I have tried the majority of the Korean restaurants in this area and this one by far is the most authentic and the most pleasant on several levels.The food is delicious and the serving sizes are decent - not huge, not small, but just right. The decor is very entertaining, with tables literally made from trees. The menu includes food made to order or you can also grill. Either way I love it. The service is good and the people are always pleasant. The two best parts about this place, however, are the fact that they frequently have groupons, and they have a tv in the corner which is always playing Korean tv. I would recommend this place to anyone!
4	This was my first vist here and to a Korean restaurant that lets you cook at your table.  Each place I have ever visited they cook it in their kitchen and serve it up.  This was a fun and unique expereince I am glad I shared with friends.   We did ordered some shumai, some goyoza and a combo meal with Galbi, bulgogi and daeji bulgugi .  It was served up with the typical banchan.  The combo worked well split between 3 hungry adults and a hungry 4 year old.  Add a large Korean beer to the mix and it was a lovely comforting meal.  The banchan was fresh and plentiful and the meat was perfectly seasoned.  You better believe I will be back!
1	This place is one of the worst food quality and service I have ever gotten. I ordered the seafood stew and seafood pancake. Actually It was a groupon deal $22 for 2 entree with 1 appetizer up to 68% off value. However, there was nothing worth over $14 entree. It's basically a full price for what you get from Groupon without any deal. The worst part is the food quality. In the seafood stew, there was not much seafood except few crab legs. I want negative star rating but it is not possible, so I'm giving one star.
4	This is not first time I have reviewed this place, so I won't cover the same things.We keep coming back because the food is authentic, delicious and cheap. The lunch specials are great deals and a great way to try something new.The only criticism I have is timing... It takes awhile to get drinks and the food comes out sporadically. It never comes out at the same time.
3	My fabulous friend Kira decided to treat me to some Korean BBQ. I am not one to turn down food plus I was excited to go as I had been wanting to try  this place. We got there pretty early, which is good because by the time we left, there wasn't a seat to be had. The its a pretty small place, with a total of 8 tabletop cook spots and three that are not. We started off with these firecracker rolls which was a stuffed jalapeno popper with crab meat. They were so good that once we were done with dinner, we order another order of them.  We ordered the BBQ combo # 2 Galbi, Bulgogi, Daeji Bulgogi, which was Short ribs, beef and spicy pork. It comes with a various sides for you to nibble on when your meat is done or while you are waiting for it to be done. All in all it was a lot of fun. We got to cook our own meat at the table top. The Pork was a little more fatty than we would have liked, but not bad at all. We left out of there full and smelling like BBQ since you are up close and personal. I have a restaurant.com coupon so I will be coming back here again soon.
4	I had dinner at this place for a friend's birthday get together.  I always wondered about it while eating at Pho Avina next door a few times.  This is the third time I have ever eaten at a Korean restaurant and I it felt authentic.  From the wooden benches and tabletops to the lightly decorated pieces of art and plants, it felt like a mom and pops' place. The front signage CHK light was either off or not working.I ordered Nakji Bokum mild.  It is a stir-fried octopus veggie dish.  It came on a sizzling platter and although the veggie assortment (mostly jalapenos and onions) were a disappointment, I loved the octopus.  The white rice was served in a personal-sized metal bowl, which was unusual.  It was really spicy, beyond what I could take, but downing a few glasses of lemon ice water quickly restored the flavors.Complimentary sides (spicy cabbage, regular cabbage, broccoli, lotus root in heavy syrup, yams) and were always refreshed and the waitress was accommodating.I give it a notch lower because of the higher price tag and apparently, mild means a bit on the spicy side for them.  Korean food is not my thing, but this place is good for Korean food enthusiasts.
5	I think it is a great neighborhood restaurant. I am not particularly knowledgeable on Korean food, but my husband and I like this place a lot!
1	Whenever I read Yelp reviews for non-American cuisine, I want to know a little something about the reviewer in order to gauge how much weight to give the review.  So first, about me...I am a 1.5 generation Korean-American dad married to a 1st generation Korean woman who travels with two little girls (3 and 6 y/o) who always need at least one Korean meal a day.  TRANSLATION: I think I know a little something about authentic and/or tasty Korean food.We happened to be traveling to the north end of PHX once last month and thought we would try this restaurant for dinner.  BIG MISTAKE.Our biggest complaint is that the meals were too salty.  We had orders of ribs, bibim bap, and mushroom soon tofu.  Everything was TOO SALTY.  We got the soon tofu soup for the girls in the white (non-spicy) form.  A non-spicy format inherently makes it less salty, but my wife had to dilute it 1:1 (yes, equal volumes) with water to make it palatable.  We thought it might have been a fluke, but both the bibimbap and ribs were also too salty.  Our next complaint was that the service was very spotty.  Like in the Verizon commercial, we were wondering if any of the staff were there or could hear us.  This became an issue and was noticeable as we frequently needed more water and white rice (to eat the salty meal).  THE GOOD.  We wondered why this place has received such high marks on Yelp.  We came up with 3 possibilities.  FIrst, price.  Their menu consists of many combo items (ie. ribs/soon tofu) which come with smaller portions and lower prices.  Second and third, lack of Korean restaurants in the area in association with patrons that want to experience some form of Korean food and don't know that they could do much better.
4	I'll preempt this review by stating that I have no concept of what authentic Korean food tastes like.  I've had a few home-cooked meals, but when it comes to Korean restaurants, my exposure is limited to Chuhgajib Korean BBQ and Takamatsu.  I personally don't care too much about food's authenticity, for me taste reigns supreme.  For example, I prefer artificial strawberry flavoring, but hate actual strawberries.That being said, I'm not well-traveled enough to tell you how authentic the food is.  All I can tell you is that it's always been a good experience and the food is very tasty.The atmosphere and staff are welcoming.  Some tables feature built-in grills so you can cook the meat at your table (it's fun once, but I'll let the cooks handle it next time).  As a former waiter, I would cringe if I had to babysit some guy trying to impress a girl by using the table-top grill.  But, on a recent date, the staff was more than helpful with doing just that.  Despite my best efforts I had a hard time finding the sweet spot between thinly sliced raw meat and charred ash, and I have a feeling other restaurants might have been less appreciative of me smoking up the place. :)  As a tragically un-hip white guy, I've been to a lot of ethnic restaurants where I've felt uncomfortable for being unfamiliar with the cuisine or customs of that region, and I never felt that way here.Like most Korean places, every meal is kicked off with a slew of mini appetizers, which I believe is called banchan. Some are fantastic, some are ok, and some I could skip out on (I'm not a fan of kimchi so I can't tell you if it's any good), but it's free so at the very least you can get a lot of different tastes even if you only order one item.As for the meals, I just stick to BBQ dishes.  The spicy bulgogi is my favorite, the meat tastes like it's infused with the seasoning, and it's got just he right amount of kick.  The regular bulgogi and the chicken are also good choices for your first visit, and they have a few combo deals so you can try different meats.  Avoid the pork, it was practically inedible, very chewy and fatty.One last note:  The boba drinks are ok, but consider getting one afterwards at Pho Avina next door, they have more flavors, warmed-up boba "balls", and the sealed cups you have to stab with your straw.Other reviewers seem to think that the only reason this place is getting good reviews is that those reviewers have a limited perspective on Korean food, and that there aren't many options in Phoenix.  That might be true, but my guess is you wouldn't be reading this if you lived anywhere else, and if that's the case then your Korean food exposure is likely similar to mine and so are your options.  I'm sure there's better places out there, but you'd likely have to board a plane to find one.
1	I really hope this doesn't get censored, because several of my recent reviews have been censored. I tend to only review a restaurant when I have a negative experience, and what follows is just that. This is an honest and for real review. We ate at Chuhgajib Korean BBQ a few months ago and the food was good, not great, the service was good, and the prices are decent. So we went back last Friday night. After placing our order I went to the bathroom in the back to wash my hands. Well let me tell you I was aghast at how filthy it was. The floor was greasy and dirty. And from the back hall way I could see into the kitchen, where there appeared to be piles of dirty dishes and pots and pans on the floor. It smelled awful, it looked terrible. I went back to our table where my wife and son were waiting. I told my wife about how dirty it was in kitchen, and that I didn't want to stay and eat the food. I caught a second glance at the dirty kitchen from the front. Wife agreed to leave. We stood up. I paid for my beer and we left.
2	Food was delicious, restaurant was dirty can't imagine what the kitchen looks like. If they clean up their act I'll be back.
3	Was in the area for a grad school interview and the BF was craving some red meat. Came here based on yelp reviews, left pretty full, content about the food. Service was friendly enough, but we had some trouble communicating what we wanted. We settled on the kalbi, bulgogi and the ribeye? steak meats, with an order of the tofu soup. Everything was a-okay but I think the only thing that stood out was the ribeye. Normally we like to cook the meat ourselves but since we didnt want to stink on our plane ride back to cali, we decided to let them do it for us. Side dishes were standard with the different pickled veggies, kimchi, potato salad, etc. Waiters were pretty prompt in bringing out replacement side dishes for us.   Since we don't know the area very well, the stars are good service, being open at odd hours (I think we got there at 4pm?) clean restaurant, decent food. -2 stars for small portions and no real wow factor.
4	I visit this restaurant with the same friend.  We get the same waitress and order the exact same thing: bulgogi and katsu, house selection of sides and Korean beer.  That's how I like it and I leave happy every time.If you're a fan of sliced beef and breaded pork then order the above selections or find your favorite Korean dish.  The menu offers a wide variety of selections.They serve at least 2 Korean beers (OB & Cass) and they're both worth trying out and each goes well with the food.Just be aware of the booths in the center aisle.  The faux word/stone benches have these holes in them by design and it feels awkward if you end up sitting on one.  If you're going with an annoying friend or family member...make sure that's where they sit.
3	The only reason why this place got 3 stars is because their spicy kalbi tang is awesome here. I've had a few meat dishes and spicy tofu soup and they were ehhhhh. Idk what these other people are talking about that their tofu soup is good because it's not. Unless they changed there recipe from the last time I had there soft tofu soup. Either way if you want soup get their spicy kalbi tang.
4	I'm a first generation Korean American, and I worship the food my grandmother used to make. Alas I only learned a few of her recipes before she passed and it's really hard to find what I need to make good old fashioned home cooking.So instead I go to Chuhgajib Korean BBQ. It's a tiny place that has a homey feel right down to the TV playing bad Korean soap operas in the dining room. Most of the servers speak english but there are a couple who are harder to understand, it's called authenticity! At least you know the food is being made by, oh my gosh...Koreans!Ok as for the food. My biggest test is always the tempura. Most Japanese restaurants in the valley have failed miserably at this, being too oily and heavy. Here the tempura is light, crispy and not at all greasy. Almost as good as grandmas, and I don't say that lightly folks!Next up is the quintessential dish Jap Chae. Glass noodles tossed with veggies a touch of meat and sauce. The jap chae served here is a little saucier than what I'm used to but delicious all the same! You must try the BBQ, a big plate over propane in the middle of the table where you then sizzle big chunks of meat. Yum. The galbi is well marinated and boneless which is a nice touch, great flavor. All served up with crisp lettuce and sauce to wrap all the tastiness up in.My only complaint is that the kimchi is a little weak on the spice. I can eat a whole dish and not feel my mouth warm up in the least. It's very good kimchi, not at all rank or sour like other places I've been. But if you are looking for spice you really must assure the servers you can handle it as they are a little wary of people asking for "hot".All in all this is a nice place to relax, grab a good meal that doesn't leave you feeling gross and stuffed. Just happy with a tummy full of good home cooking!
4	This place was great!! As soon as you step in through the door you get indulged by all the wonderful BBQ smells and you also hear how others' in their table are cooking up their own meats and veggies!! What a great little spot it is!! I highly recommend it to all those BBQ lovers and Panda express fans!! This is much better and healthier too!! It was a good full that we got after consuming all our food and not a fatty full!!
3	I've been there twice. Only a girl serve the table. If there are too many people,you have to wait for a long time.  We ordered the tofu soup. That was great. Others, just that taste. Not good not bad.
5	I have been here a few times since the last review.  The place is still the same.  Love there lunch specials.  We got bulgogi & soft tofu soup; bulgogi bowl, udon with tempura, and yakisoba.  Service was great, food was great, and would recommend this place for Korean food!!!
4	The service is suck. I tipped over 35% the first several times I went in and they didn't even remember me, hmm. Then they brought me out the wrong food and didn't even fix it, hahaha! Okay, regular 15-20% for you!Okay, so let me put that aside and say, cook the food yourself. The BBQ combos are great. I love the green onion salad it is so addictive and so amazing and I could probably eat pounds of it. It's lame that they charge more for basically everything but it's a nice place to go, and I believe they use a few pieces of charcoal in with the gas grill adding extra flavor. The restaurant itself is very small, but if you're a nerd check out the gaming store on the same block. They've got magic, board games and warhammer.
4	Yummy. Very authentic! It reminded me of when I lived in Korea!
2	My girlfriend noticed the HUGE RED sign in front across the plaza that said "Lunch special!" Of course we walk in and it is very small, about 6 bench seats and 3 tables in the middle. They had very nice decor and strangely nice chairs and tables.I enjoyed the sheer mass of selection of Korean food. They had practically had everything, the only thing I couldn't find was potato soup.Anyways, lunch special is from 1130am-2pm but they also have a happy hour that starts at 5pm I believe.My girlfriend had the udon and I had the two combo of bulgogi and galbi. The combo came in a bento box with tiny amounts of side dishes, Like a teaspoon of each, which was rather odd.Review] Udon tasted good, but it didn't taste like Udon if that makes any sense. Tasted like some other kind of soup, but still good.Galbi, it was one rib cut into three. Extremely fatty, was able to eat one of the two piecesBulgogi needed salt and more seasoning. It was just not good.Pros: nice service, nice decor, cheap lunch specialCons: food was mediocre. I wouldn't come back here. lol
1	The food is okay but the waitress sucked! Someone fire her! I bought two groupons, one for my friend and I. When we got there I realized you can only use one per table so my friend and I were forced to sit at separate tables. ( which is understandable) There was a table right next to the one I was sitting at but the waitress refused to seat her there. Instead, she walked my friend to a table on the opposite side. For some reason she had a problem with us sitting near each other. Oh and did I mention she had an attitude the whole time? Anyway, due the the lack of hospitality, I will never go there again!
3	Place is okay I got the bulgoi plate but I wish I would have cooked it, but it requires two order. I got the soup as well very good seafood soft tofu soup but such a little portion for $8. I used the living social was kinda far and spending $15 on bulgoi should be all you can eat like it is in sf and dc! right across this asu extension. The mini plates are good and they do offer free lettuce and refills on the ones you like. free wifi!
5	I'm a recent transplant to the Glendale area, and was anxious to try this establishment.  It absolutely did NOT disappoint.I lived in S. Korea for two years, and miss the food like crazy.  But not just the food--the feel, the service, the Korea-ness of dining out in Korea.  I went in today for lunch, and it was like I had found a secret portal back to the awesome restaurant in my apartment building in Seoul.  The way the restaurant is laid out, the K-pop on the speakers, MBC on the TV--it's as authentic as you can find in the US.The food.  I had the dol-sot (hot stone pot) galbi (pig rib) bi-bim-bap (mixed rice) and it was excellent.  The side dishes were regular kimchi, bean sprout kimchi, cucumber kimchi, and pickled radish.  I wish the kimchis had been spicier, but I imagine they're simplified a bit for American audiences.I'll update my review after I get a chance to have the BBQ.  $8 for samgyeopsol M-Thurs nights is a pretty good deal here in the states, and I'm excited to check that out.
5	Awesome service, good food... Highly recommend!
5	I love this restaurant. This was the first place I went to for a taste of Korean food, which I had dearly missed since returning from there in September 2K11. I had told my girlfriend that she would love the food and I would treat her. We both had the dol sot bi bim bap as well as the man du guk with sliced rice cake (oh and if you read my review on Cafe Ga Hyang, you'll notice it's pretty much the same meal). I felt that the Kim Chi as well as the red pepper sauce were spicier than Cafe Ga Hyang and they also offer the option to BBQ your own choice of meat unlike Cafe Ga Hyang. If you haven't tried Korean before or if it has been a long time since you've had it I suggest you give this place a try. I know I'm glad I did.
4	This restaurant is somewhat hidden in a strip mall across the street from ASU West. In the daytime it is hard to tell if it is open or closed, because the heavy tinting of the glass in front makes it hard to see what's inside. Inside, it is a cozy dining place with quaint chairs with backrests of polished diagonal sections of tree trunks. The service is friendly, the food items priced par for the course for Korean food (moderate, not inexpensive), and the food quality is good. I really enjoy their kalbi and bulgogi, especially when made into ssam (lettuce wraps). The banchan is adequate and flavorful, though the kimchi is quite mild - perhaps the heat is toned down for American tastes. And their lunch specials are a good and relatively inexpensive way to get  fast food, Korean style.
5	love going here. the $4.95 bulggogi lunch special is the cheapest and most satisfying lunch special I've ever found at a restaurant.
4	I've been here a handful of times, all with different parties and for different purposes. In general, I do think this is the best choice for KBBQ on this side of Phoenix! Cheap, gives you the option of grilling, great prices, and great choices. Most Korean places in AZ no longer serve ddukbokki (spelling may vary) anymore, but this place does!While I'm not a big fan of the lunch menu, it is a very good value if you're okay with the selection. I think the food is generally on point, and I'm a fan of their selection of side dishes (especially the fish cake and cucumber!). Definitely go for a tofu soup + meat combo for the most bang for your buck. The seafood pancake here is also absolutely delicious and huge for what you pay--especially compared to other Korean restaurants.That being said, the restaurant does lose a star for fluctuations in food and service quality. Last time I was here with my parents, they messed up our order and wanted to give us a different meat dish than the one we ordered. We insisted on sticking with old order and just waiting. On the plus side, they got the correct dish out to us not long after we talked, but on the negative side, I don't think they would have caught it if I hadn't asked the waitress, and my family was certainly not impressed.
2	November 2012, I came here on a Saturday night and it was packed, you literally had to wait for someone to get up from their table to get a seat, yet alone a table! The air in there was so thick and smoky as a lot of people were grilling. So my date and I left and decided to come back another time.A couple weeks later in November 2012, we came back on a Saturday night and the place was a ghost town! What happened to everyone?! It was my date's first time actually being able to sit down at the restaurant, so we decided to stay. We ordered Ddobuuki, Bulgogi and Galbi dishes. When the food came out and was placed on the table, I knew why no one was there...First off, I remember the Dukbokki, Bulgogi and Galbi dishes to be bigger, the size has changed but the price has remained the same. Hmmmm. The Bulgogi was bland and not fresh. The Galbi was too fatty and not at all what I remember it to be. The only dish that tasted the same was the Ddukbokki. The only upside was the side dishes. Alas, they have not changed one bit and were just as tasty as I remember. They have the best Kimchi in the Valley, but sadly, the Kimchi couldn't save our experience.On a side note, I've been happily eating at this establishment for the past 4 years or so and have always had a great experience until my last visit in November of 2012. My experience prior to this was in June or July of 2012.I may be back in the future, but since I've discovered Yume Sushi in North Scottsdale, which serves amazing Korean food, I doubt that I will be.
5	DELICIOUS FOOD! The service was wonderful.  We ordered the bbq and the servers helped us cook the food.  It was a great value for the amount of food they give you.  I loved the Chap Chae and the tofu soup was awesome too.  We'll definitely be back.
1	The service was good, I just thought that the food had very little taste. My bill was 50 Dollars and believe me it was not worth it. Here is a GREAT! KOREAN BBQ, a little pricey but its well worth it. I'm sticking with Cafe Ga Hyang
5	This restaurant continues to be my go to spot for Korean BBQ since my review a couple of years ago. Every time we go, the restaurant is steadily full with a wide variety of patrons. You can choose to cook at the table or have them cook for you. Usually we opt to cook at the table but a few nights ago, we decided to have them cook it for us. Same price. Usually, we opt for the $30 combo that has the daegi bulgogi, dalk gui, and the Kalbi. If I said it right, it is the spicy pork, chicken, and short ribs. That is more than plenty for the 3 of us...leftovers are the best! This last time, we each ordered a spicy pork plate at $13 each (my favorite and I don't really eat spicy food). I felt like we looked like gluttons when the food came out. Very good portions. I also love the panckak (sp?) they bring out with various items to enjoy with your meal. My 5 year old demolished the white radishes and I had to fight her over the bean sprouts. So good. As always the service is friendly and attentive. I have been to other Korean BBQs where if you aren't in the same culture, you aren't treated the same. Not so with CGJ. I always enjoy my meal here. Inexpensive and delicious food.
4	Yummy!!  I love this place, Korean.
4	It is difficult to find restaurants that cater to a Paleo diet. Korean BBQ may not be paleo due to the oil but we figured it was close enough for a quick weekend meal. We ordered the pork belly and ribeye which were both delicious. I like to load mine up in lettuce wraps and decorate with the little accompaniments - yum!!! I thought that this place was rather affordable and I will likely try them in the future.
1	I wish this didn't sound so harsh, but to be honest... the smell that we experienced when we walked into this restaurant was just overpoweringly foul. It smelled like a sweaty, dirty clothes hamper combined with a pungent not-so-fresh meat smell. We had been excited to come try this place, but we were out of there within 2 minutes. It was a memorably bad experience.
4	Great service, expansion coming soon, excellent food. Staff friendly and professional, always delivers extra items asked that does not normally come with KBBQ. (sauces and such).
5	My favorite korean bbq place. I live right around the corner from this place and the food is spot on. after climbing all day at the rock gym, theres nothing like relaxing with a stone bowl of good food. the gaibi is soo good i just want to eat a plate of it. But seriously, try the Gaibi. its HEAVEN!
5	On the spur of the moment we decided to try some Korean BBQ. Went with someone that had been to many a Korean BBQ, and the rest of the family.Let's start off with service. There are only two women there doing the serving and yes it is a little slow, I will take slow service with a smile and a good attitude any day. Now to the main event.....the food. I don't know what they use to season the meat but all I can say is YUM. The Korean salad I could have eaten all day long and still wanted more. The kimchi was perfectly delicious and quite the treat. Now to the experience. It was fun and drew out people that normally sit in a restaurant and eat with very little conversation.Summary: fun, yum, happy service, a new regular is born.
2	So I've been to this place a few times in the past few years.  It's okay, but I don't think I'll go back unless I hear they did some cleaning and maybe paid attention to the quality and freshness of the side dishes.  The kimchi was off (old).  Service was pleasant, quick.  Price is good.  We had bibimbap and it was good.  The tables need some serious cleaning and when you start to look around, you see the whole place needs a good cleaning, no doubt because of the bbqs.
3	My wife and I came here for lunch. We wanted to try the Korean BBQ. The place was being renovated. There were 2 servers and the place was not that busy. We ordered the Combo 4 BBQ. The Galbi was not marinated well. The pork belly was bland as it was not marinated at all. The spicy pork was good. They give you free sides and the Kim Chi was just so so. The service  was slow and inattentive. They had a 15% off yelp check in that they did not honor since they are changing the name of the restaurant but it is the same owner.  The waitress stated that it is more of a "modern Asian" cuisine, whatever that means. I would rather go to Takamatsu for KBBQ.
5	The food here is awesome! I always came here for the Korean food, and I always got the Galbi with soup combo. Soo yummy! Recently, they expanded and now offer sushi as well! I got their Groupon, $12 for $25 worth of regular priced sushi.The specialty rolls range around $8-$12. I'm a big fan of avocado, eel, white fish, and shrimp. So we end up getting the Caterpillar, Tootsie, and Mango Pop. Oh. my. gosh. It was delicious!!! The caterpillar roll actually looked like a caterpillar and the taste was very smooth. The tootsie roll was great as well. The mango pop was very interesting! It had white fish, mango, cream cheese, maybe something else, wrapped in soy paper. It looked and tasted very summery and refreshing! The service was pretty slow at first The first girl that sat us, took our drink order was really slow, and forgot our water. However, another girl took our order and served us afterwards, and she was very nice! I had my doubts at first about the sushi because the sushi chef wasn't making any sushi, and was just standing there, so I thought people might not like the sushi there. But, please, believe me, it is AWESOME! The portions are generous (which I hope it stays that way, because I have seen other sushi places and skimp out on the main ingredients and just put a bunch of imitation crab), and it just tastes sooo good!Very satisfied with the sushi! I would definitely go back again, next time during happy hour!
4	Love how they made the place with later hours.. the bulgogi and kimchi tofu soup is very tasty and packed with flavor... The atmosphere of the resto is very clean and chill. I'll for sure be going back. Very good Korean restaurant!!!
4	The food was amazing. Very nice and hip but relaxed atmosphere. Really well put together. I think they are either remodeling a part of the building or extending it either way it didn't ruin the experience. I didn't give it a five because other places are a little less expensive for happy hour sushi.
2	Ok. I came here because of a groupon special. The first time I went - i didn't end up using my groupon. The "happy hour" food is cheap enough, so I saved it. Here's the thing, the food is amazing. It's absolutely delicious. the service was good. However there wasn't many people in the place at the time.. Which is why I decided to go back, and bring my boyfriend. This second time around the service was epically terrible. So bad it felt like we were purposely discriminated against. We sat down and there was about 4 tables in there when we walked in and then while we were sitting two more tables were sat. So, about 7 tables in the whole place. To start off, she didn't bring the sushi list, which is no big deal except that when I asked her for it she seemed annoyed. So, she drops it off, and then scurries away. We pick our items and it takes her another 20 minutes to come back and get it. After that she brought our waters, 10 minutes later... we waited, and waited, and waited for our 4 items of sushi. All the while, the other tables were getting their silverware, their waters refilled, their napkins, etc. She finally, after another 30 minutes, brought half the order of food over and dropped it off to go attend to other tables. She literally left the food- no silverware/chopsticks, no plates, no napkins, no soysauce dishes.. nothing. So we sat there for about 5 minutes waiting. She didn't return. She just kept running around to the other tables to check up on them.  I finally asked her if she could bring us some plates- she seemed annoyed. She brought the plates and chop sticks... No napkins, no sauce dish. And we were still missing an order. So I got up and got our napkins and our sauce dishes. She saw me and let out an "OH" and kept walking. We ate. The food is great. She never once came by check up on us, fill up water, etc.. nothing. Now, this is the shitty part- the food is delicious... like really good.  But the service is crap. So, we waited a while for her to bring the check. It never happened. Even when we were trying to make eye contact it's like she purposely wouldn't look at us. Then, my boyfriend finally did make eye contact and give her a head nod, she still didn't come by. He had to wave her down and ask her for the check. Now, I don't know what her problem was- we weren't rude. We weren't demanding. But, we did notice that we were the only table that wasn't of Asian dissent or didn't have at least one person of Asian dissent. I don't know if this is just seeking out an odd reason for this lack of service, but I can't think of any other reason. The last time I went was great, granted it wasn't busy. We left her a good tip. So, it wouldn't be anything that has to do with something I've done or we've done. It was just very poor customer service. So, because of that I will never go back... despite how delicious the food was.
5	We found this place by accident, as we can never remember where the "other" Korean BBQ is.  We don't need to remember anymore, as this is now the go-to place.  The service was excellent, the food was authentic and abundant, the price was good, there wasn't anything even remotely substandard about the place.  We didn't have a waitress...we had four.  They were smart, friendly, accomodating, and fast.  They have about 100 different pieces of sushi on the menu, but I was after Kimbap, like I used to get from the truck in Korea.  Not on the menu, but they made a couple anyway.  They carry Cass beer, the only Korean beer that travels well.  1 liter bottles of it.  As a lover of the spiced vegetable side dishes, I was thrilled to find the girls would bring new treats out as fast as we could eat them.  No extra charge, no sour faces, like at the "other" BBQ.  The girls brought out so much meat, we couldn't eat it all.  But they happily cooked it up and put iti n a to go box. When they brought the meat back to the table, she said there was a little extra kimchi and rice for us.  About a quart extra!!!   I've never wanted to hug the staff after a meal before yeaterday.  If you don't go eat here you're screwing yourself over.
3	We were in the area shopping and found this place through Yelp. The outside of the entrance was a little strange as there were two different sets of signs with two different names on the side of the building and then there was a banner that said "OHYA".  When we walked in, we thought the place had a nice setup and then you look left and you see paint supplies and other construction type items in an unfinished area. We were immediately seated but it took something like 20 minutes for our order to be taken. There was one waitress for 6-8 filled tables so it was obvious why the service was taking so long. The waitress wasn't brimming with friendliness but she was certainly cordial enough. We ordered some sushi rolls, shumai, a hot tofu soup and the teriyaki chicken. The side dishes were decent but not the best I've ever had. The kimchi though was pretty outstanding and yummy crunchy and fresh. I had to ask for a side of rice which was beyond strange as most Korean places automatically give you a side with your main. The eel on our rolls was pretty fatty (still yummy) as was the chicken teriyaki and the shumai was obviously frozen as it tasted mildly freezer burnt and the shrimp in my husband's tofu soup were still on the raw side. During our 2 HOUR dinner (told ya, the service is slooooow) we had plenty of time to think about if we would come back and I'm not sure that we will. The food quality wasn't horrible (Kimchi rocked!) but the service was so slow and you almost felt bad about asking the waitress for anything due to how swamped she was. It was a bit of an awkward environment and with 4-6 other Korean restaurants in a 4 mile radius, this place is not at the top of our list.
4	Food was good; went with a group and everyone tried something different. We all enjoyed the dinner and all the appetizers. I had the shashimi combo and it was delicious. It appears that they are newly owned and redecorating. The service was good; very attentive and friendly.  They have some work to do before the restaurant atmosphere is nice, the bathroom really needed cleaned and these two items are the reason for it not getting a five star.
4	I am far from expert in this field of  sushi but I've tried a fair amount at a fair number of places, and I thought this was exceptional. I already liked the Korean food at the predecessor C J B Korean establishment and now I have a new favorite place for sushi as well.  Black suspended tile ceilings with dark concrete floors, walls of bright green and some modern oriental art in between. Slightly spare, clean, modern feel to the place.  Men's room was spotlessly clean, modern with up to date fixtures, stocked with all the necessities. Our young server was friendly and attentive and our water glasses never went dry - except when I bumblingly knocked mine over, which was taken in stride by staff, and quickly replaced with a fresh glass. Service, from being seated, to order taking, to delivery food, to delivery of the check, involved no undue delays.  In fact, as Norm R noted,  service was almost too efficient as servers were anxious to whisk away our plates almost before we cleared them, but I'll take that over that experienced by another reviewer any day.Now as to the FOOD, Excellent in every way.  Beautifully presented, multiple distinct flavors. Best shumai ever tasted. Tongue tantalizing tuna tataki, rich, red, flavorful, and our accidental order, the "OhYa I Forgot", was a definite "no regrets", the closest thing to a dessert sushi I've ever encountered with its touch of peach.  And finally, we didn't go away hungry, indeed as one should not from a $65 + tip meal for two, but you need not spend nearly so much.  There are considerably reduced happy hour prices and several "chef's surprise" samplers at under $20. The service we received was "comfortable", perhaps more friendly than polished, and that's just fine by me.  I highly recommend with the hope the service you receive is as good as we got, and not the indifference experienced by another recent reviewer below.
5	Awesome authentic Korean food with Korean TV shows. Owners are the actual server and very mindful of their costumer.
5	I have to say that I have finally found a Korean restaurant that compares to the restaurants I have tried in California and Hawaii.  Before I used to just bare with the Korean restaurants we have here in Arizona.  They were just okay.  I asked if the restaurant is owned by the same owner as the CJB Korean BBQ place and the owner has not changed, but  the place looks like they are still under construction.  They still have their old sign up and so I was a little bit confused walking it thinking I had to choose a restaurant.  Inside it looks a lot better and bigger.  The tables are equipped with the round grills you use to cook your own meat if you choose.  I had the current special that was only $14.95 and you get to pick your choice of a meat entree and either 2 traditional sushi rolls or 1 of the specialty rolls.  I picked the Kalbi and the Dynamite roll.  I also ordered the assorted soft tofu soup that had crab (imitation), clams, squid, and beef.  The Kalbi (beef short ribs) was pretty good; better than the other restaurants here in this state.  When I tried the Dynamite roll, it was excellent and the best I ever had.  It really tops any other place.  I also think the soft tofu soup topped any other that I've tried here in AZ and even California.  Their food is amazing and I was delightfully surprised because I had tried the CJB Korean BBQ place a few times and it was the worst out of all the restaurants.  I highly recommend everyone to try this place out.  I can wait to try more of their other items like the sam gyup sal (Korean pork belly) and their Korean pancakes.  I also would like to try their other sushi rolls.      They have two rooms for private karaoke.  One larger room that fits about 15 people and the other one that fits about 10.  The waitress said that the smaller room was $20 the first hour and then the 2nd hour is free.  After that it is $20 per hour.  You have to order food and they charge a 18% gratuity.  They have Korean, Japanese, and English songs.  The latest songs are from 2012.  The selection is limited, but not bad.  This is my go to Korean restaurant here on out.  I am so happy with the food that I want to bring all my friends here.
4	We had an excellent dinner with my tripe,gut and vegetable soup that came sizzling in a hot stone bowl. Also the other dishes were very good. My daughter spent 3 years in South Korea and said this was as close as she remembered. Along with some pork belly, bulgogi and Bi bim bap it was so good we will definitely be back!
2	:( So sad about my two-star rating... This used to be one of my favorites spots to eat. They have delicious Korean BBQ and they offer combination meals that include about 6-8 sizzling plates that is shareable for a big group. Service was quick and always accommodated us. But slowly things went downhill; they started cutting down on portion sizes and charging for extra things, like substitutions and RICE! Recently they have expanded to next door and added a sushi bar and karaoke rooms. I have yet to try either of those, but my suggestion would be to soundproof those karaoke rooms! Diners in the restaurant can hear it all, good or bad :X Guess I'll need to start looking for a new KBBQ place around Phoenix to get my fix!
4	We loved the food.  It was delicious!  But the price of the Korean BBQ Grill seems a little pricey...at least from the last time I had it which has been awhile.  Sushi plates were presented very well but it took so long for them to get it to us.  The staff were nice but service was kind of slow.  You have to be aggressive and wave your hand high to get their attention.We will be returning to this place as the food were very good, but we will have to time it and make sure not to go during busy hours...which is lunch time and dinner time.
3	It's time to review the new facelift. Added a new sushi bar (all day Happy Hour prices on certain rolls)Added two new private Karaoke rooms (a good selections of both English and K-Pop songs)  Added new furniture and mixed of the old ones. I thought the traditional furniture made the restaurant feel more unique.Added a teppan grill bar.     Quality:  It's not the best fish quality you will get on the sashimi, however if you order the sushi rolls, they aren't too bad.  According to my friend that knows her sashimi, the Sushi roller didn't even know how to cut the fish.  That's pretty sad!  I guess you can fool the people that really doesn't know the difference between sashimi and sushi.  Banchan (small side dishes) wasn't fresh and ever shrink the portion size. I still like the Soondubu (Soft Tofu Stew) combos and Seolleongtang.  Price:  Of course, when a restaurant expands consumer always end up paying for the overhead. The price did go up a bit. They do still have the their $4.99 lunch special.  Thumbs up for the Owner!  Service:  One day is good and another time is horrible.  It really depends who you get. Very inconsistent!   Hours:  Yay, finally another Korean place opening late on Friday and Saturday until 2AM. The best hangover stop!
3	(Lyrics - Usher - Yeah)Ohya, Ohya Ohya, Ohya! Ohya, Ohya! Ohya!Ohya, Ohya Ohya, Ohya! Ohya, Ohya! Ohya!Up in the bar with my homies, trying get some Korean Seafood Tofu soupycause you know how it isI saw some kimchi was tasting how spicy?from the smell it was kicking in my noseyou would think that it kill meso I decided to chillTofu soup is spicy, it got my head feeling like it was ready to blow!I'm saying "It's spicy! It's spicy!"So I had to get some water to cleanse the palate, and said "man, that felt good"That's when I yelped and reviewedOhya, Ohya!Ohya was originally CJB, another Korean BBQ Joint. Name changed so I gather the owners changed too. At a Korean BBQ joint what else do we order; of course Korean BBQ and some Tofu soup! We ordered the Galbi and it was nicely roasted with some onions. Just the right amount of char and seasoning. Yum!However, my favorite Korean cuisine is the Seafood Tofu Soup. I can't say it's my favorite here, but it's alright. I need it to be spicy, but not overdone; and super hot in temperature. I need it to scorch my tongue! The smell itself needs to be pungent and the egg visible. Needless to say, it didn't pass my test, but gets an okay. Moreover, the side dishes weren't that great here. Kimchi here is pretty good, but that's about it. Didn't care for the steamed napa cabbage or bean sprouts.Service is on top of things. They do a great job and are very attentive. Overall, the experience of the place is decent and nothing too spectacular. If you need a quick Korean bite and taste then you gotta do what you gotta do! - Enjoy!
4	My boyfriend and I went there for the first time because we had a groupon. I am so happy I found this place!!! We only ate sushi so I cant speak for the meals. The sushi was awesome, fresh taste, unique rolls, and huge portions! At first we thought it seemed pricey but after seeing how big the rolls were it was definitely a good deal. The only reason I am giving it a 4 instead of a 5 star rating is because the service was just so so; we were one of 4 tables (at 3pm) and it just took a little longer than we would have liked to get our order taken or to get our food. We will be visiting again!
3	Food was good but the service sucked. I had the sushi, ordered the rainbow roll , philly roll and the crunchy roll. The freshness of the fish was pretty good, as well how they made it. Crunchy roll was just ok nothing to brag about but edible.  My wife ordered the pork belly as well. It was good but not what we expected, not marinated. Althought it was still pretty good. We will go back I am sure. They need a hostess to help manage the servers and everything else.  No designated service area, they were all scattered. From not getting helped to having all 5 of them in like 2 mins.  Sushi took me 35 mins to get. Cancelled my last roll because it took too long.
5	Restaurant is cute, Korean dishes and sides amazing.  Great sushi prices.  Will go again
5	I come to Phoenix a couple of times a year and made it a point to drive all the way up to Glendale to eat at CJB. I was a huge fan of the food and I really did love the huge wooden tables they used to have. I am grateful the place didn't totally disappear, but I did prefer the old restaurant to this new one. Thankfully, the quality of the food doesn't seem to have been affected.The new location has much smaller tables which makes grilling harder. Also, the grill isn't gas anymore, it seems to be infrared or something that takes a long time to heat up.My favorite dish on the menu is the melt-in-your mouth beef brisket. Paper thin slices of this meat are served partially frozen for you to grill table top. Be sure to grill this right away because when it thaws, it is hard to unroll to grill flat. We also had pork bellies, kal bi, and chicken. The chicken was the surprise of the night! It was so flavorful, I will have to order that again next time I come. We also had a combination soon tofu soup to share. This was really flavorful and I recommend it along with all of the food mentioned above.
4	Ok...was brought here by a Groupon that my wife bought..and didn't get a chance to even use it.lol.more on that later!I probably would have never came here if it wasn't for the Groupon but I'm very glad I did. Haven't been to a Korean BBQ in years..so I was completely lost. Ended up ordering the chicken, pork, steak combo and started off with a rainbow roll. Man the rainbow roll was awesome!  And then the meat came...wow! The concept it there is a grill bowl in the middle of the table and you cook the meat yourself. Each of the meats were seasoned great and I had a blast cooking it myself. My favorite was the steak. Super good. With just two of us we had too much food. Ended up cooking the rest and boxing it to take home. Now about the Groupon..our bill came up to $45 and we tried to use our $25 Groupon but we didn't read the find print. It was for $25 of sushi, not BBQ. The one rainbow roll wasn't enough. Most times I would be upset but I didn't care, I enjoyed the food so much I'll gladly come back and order a few more rolls next time!  I actually can't wait till we come back. Also we had very good service, everyone was really nice. They stay open to 2am, I don't know what time they stop food service at but we were there till almost 11pm on a Friday night. Great place for late night food especially for the west side! I'll come here over a late night chain restaurant anytime!
2	Took forever to be seen by waitress. Not busy. Didn't ask me for anything to drink. Food was not bad but not good either. Got my order wrong. Nothing to write home about. I will not be coming back here.
3	This place was nice, it was not busy when I came in.. Customer service ehhhh. I felt so rush, she kept wanting us to order quickly.First time that I went to a Korean restaurant they play Korean music.:)) My friend got the Jap che,I loved my vegetarian Yakisoba :) its a must.  Its a dry noodle with great sauce and with vegetables. It tastes even better with kimchi :)
3	Tried this place for dinner and was pleased with the quality of the food. Service was good however only one waitress working the night I was there so she was very busy. I was not in a rush so I did not think the service was slow however if you needed to get in and out you may have thought it was slow. Good happy hour with a lot to choose from on the menu.
4	Super delicious food at a great price!!! Right now they have a great dinner special with both bulgogi and sushi! Their lunch specials are pretty awesome too.  The only reason I wouldn't give this a 5 is that the service tends to be a little slow (though overall not bad).
4	Sushi: Very good tasting, normal price, good quality. Alaskan, Rainbow, and Dragon were the ones I tried. They tasted amazing.Drinks: Lots of beers, Sake, and others. Good prices. Service: Not too good. Waited a very very long time for food, receipt, etc. Overall, a slight improvement in their speed would push this up to 5 stars.
3	Having dined here multiple times, I can conclude that the level of quality in their Korean dishes is sub par.  I had high hopes that they would deliver great tasting Korean dishes but having had some great places in Cali, it's just not the same.  Maybe I should scale down my standard when it comes to Phoenician Asian dining? Of course.Sadly, I've enjoyed their sushi a tad more, but not that much more. On certain nights, the place can either be close to empty or respectably "busy."  The service is nothing to write home about.  Sometimes they will come by and ask how things are and fill your water cup or sometimes not at all.  This is just one of the few areas that can be improved upon.Despite all of that, they do have something cool that some folks might enjoy and that is Karaoke! From my understanding, if you come to dine, they will give you the first hour free.  The rooms look great for hosting a get together.  You have surrounding speakers and screen to satisfy your singing crave. Haha.The overall decor is modern.  It has a clean finish with LCDs playing K-Pop music videos.  The Sushi Bar has sports on, so that's perfect for game day!Luckily, I live close to here, so if I need a quick Korean fix, I wouldn't mind making a return.  Perhaps, I'll host a Karaoke event one day as well.
5	*This review is for hardcore foodie who is not bound to Americanized-Asian food.I have tried this restaurant numerous times and I must say I am usually quite satisfied in terms of the value, ingredients' freshness and food varieties. What I like:Ingredients - Fresh raw seafood consistently.  I haven't been disappointed so far.  This is one of a few places that actually serves fresh sweet shrimps (raw shrimps) and do it right.Skewers - They are awesome (in most cases, not always, see below).  Beef tongues and chicken gizzards are my favorites.Service -  Never have problems, friendly and efficient.Happy Hour menu all day everyday!!!! - Do I need to say more? ;)What I don't like:Preparations - It seems like they recently got a new sushi chef that's still in training.  The preparation and the cutting skill will require significant improvement.  Therefore, even when the ingredients are still fresh, the meat tastes like "dead meat" for those who know what I mean.Skewers - They used to be cook-to-order, which takes a long time and it's understandable.  I suspect the skewers are now pre-cooked in order to achieve faster serving time.Overall, I will still keep going there on a weekly basis!!
1	I've never written a review on Yelp before. Today will be the first review ever for me! I paid way too much for soondooboo () and what they call "Galbi" (). It came as a combo and It was $18 without tip. If you see my photo of the Galbi I got, it is not worth $18 with soondooboo. my problems with this place are 1) overpriced for the amount they give me 2) bad service-rude (one waitress rolled her eyes), and somehow when one waitress came to ask us, another one would come ask the same thing right after....this happened for seating, drinks, ordering food. We finally had to say we already have a waitress because it was getting annoying. As a Korean, I definitely prefer korean food at Cafe Gahayang over this place. I hope they change the way they work for the better.
5	This is my favorite Korean restaurant in Phoenix!I always get their lunch box special because it's inexpensive but incredibly good quality. I come here at least once every two weeks!Their Daeji Bulgogi is so delicious and every time that I eat it my taste buds become very happy. It is their best dish that they offer.Their sushi as well is exquisitely made. It's also very good. It's never dry, always fresh. I feel their sushi is such high quality that it could compete with or even beat places like Stingray Sushi.They also just remodeled their restaurant to have a sushi bar along with karaoke rooms!This is simply the best Korean restaurant around. They're consistent with service and quality. Never once has food ever been delivered that was less than perfect.They also do to-go orders which can be a quick fix for people on the move!Overall, I would give this place 5/5 stars. If you're looking for something new that is the next big thing, then come here! You will not be disappointed!
2	I am a return customer. I've visited with Korean friends over the last 3 years and must admit the food was not as good as good as previous years. I agree, I think the expansion has cost them some clientele.
4	The sushi here is very good, and reasonably priced for the quality and quantity you get. The contemporary vibe and layout of the restaurant is pleasing, and the service is very friendly. I'm also glad they kept the polished log benches/chairs from the previous incarnation of the establishment.
1	I am from out of town and sushi is my favorite food, especially late night. So when I looked on yelp and found ohya to be open until 2am I didn't hesitate. I arrived at 1am WELL BEFORE CLOSING TIME, and upon my entry I was told that they were closed and not serving food or drinks anymore. The neon sign in the window said open, their hours posted on the front door said they were open, along with yelp. I kindly told them all 3 of these things were indicated they could do business but they just shrugged and said sorry....OHYA? OHNO!! NEVER GO HERE IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A RESTAURANT THAT STANDS BY WHAT THEY SAY !! LAZY, UNPROFESSIONAL, and UNCALLED FOR!!
5	Love love love! Very friendly, willing to deal with picky eaters, and such a good vibe to the place. I ordered takeout but had to wait a few for my sushi. The woman there offered me a seat and a glass of water which I thought was so so sweet. She helped me get rolls I would like (very picky/allergic to certain things) and I got the best sushi I've ever had! It's not too expensive- it's very vegetarian friendly as well. It's right by my home so I'll definitely be going more often. (Also, if you're choosing between here and pho avina- go here. They're much nicer and more willing to help!)
2	I just had it for lunch: for about $20 I got a seaweed salad ( somewhat tasteless), and sushi from all day HH menu: spicy scallop( quite disgusting) and Caterpillar ( liked it). Nah, wont come back
5	Sushi was good, BBQ was good, cheesecake was good, prices were very reasonable and the service was good. Definitely coming back.
5	Love this place!  I'm here Atleast twice a week lol I love everything.We usually order a bulgogi & a brisket with a crispy tuna roll  my favorite!They seriously know me here! They are great with service!!
5	4 words: can't stop won't stop.This hidden gem will change your life. Awesome atmosphere, awesome servers, awesome music, we always BBQ our food and the Soju is legit. If you have group, rent out the Karaoke room.
5	Korean food is incredibly flavorful.....and I can confidently say that Ohya's food is incredibly flavorful.We have been coming here for quite a few years - and we just keep coming back for more. And we keep bringing friends here and one for one, they love it!Kimchi is fresh & pungent & wonderful. BBQ is fabulous. We love the pork & the squid.I grew up in LA so I know good Asian food & this is very good.
5	Great food, great service.  Fifth time here never once disappointed.  If you have never been here I recommend trying it.  This spot is going to become one of my new go to restaurants.
4	Korean restaurants in the valley usually have a short shelf-life and follow a pattern. When they first open, they are often of excellent quality, but soon the this drops (perhaps as the patronage drops due to the decline in novelty) and then they close down before getting bought out by new management only to begin the cycle again. Perhaps this is just a pattern of all eateries, but for some reason, it seems more pronounced with Korean restaurants in my experience. This place reopened not too long ago after following the pattern I just described. I've been there 4 times in the last 3 months and so far, so good (I'm hoping this one will last).  I have had the bulgogi, the galbi, cold noodle soup, tofu soup, and catsu (both pork and chicken). All of these have been very good! The beef dishes (the first two) are a bit pricey, in particular, the galbi portions are quite small for being $18-19 bucks. But everything tastes very good including the side dishes. I have no experience with the sushi because I'm very picky about where I eat my sushi from. The service has been good too, so I have plans for returning again. I prefer this place to the long standing Takamatsu Restaurant on 43rd and Olive.
5	Been twice in the last couple of months.Both times was excellent.Sushi is fresh and has a very nice presentation.We like to cook our own food on the grill.They got new grills in the table tops between my two visits.I have tried the pork, chicken and beef.Service is excellent and we never wanted for anything as they kept every glass filled and food on the table.Love this place. Love it!
4	A bit pricey for what you get. Overall a great time with good food. Split the combo for more options and enjoyed it.
4	My first experience was not a good one here. But because my friends wanted to go here for dinner another time, I gave it another go. And I have to say, I feel bad about my previous review. I just want to say personally, I don't think I would order the Soup combo with the ribs again, but their other FOOD IS FANTASTIC (at least JJAJANGMYUN and JJAMPONG N5) were! And I looked around and their sushi seems to be quite good too! I'm glad I gave it another try.
4	With the mixed review they were getting since they changed the name, we weren't quite sure what to expect. Our family of 4 went there for dinner and we weren't disappointed. We had tuna poke salad, tuna, scallop and sweet shrimp sushi, gyoza and California rolls for appetizer. For main entree, we had bulgogi and belly get on the grill, hubby had bibimbap and our daughter had a teriyaki bowl. From this visit Bulgogi and bibimbap along with Tuna poke salad get 5 stars while pork belly and California rolls get 3.5 stars. It was probably the way we grilled them but the pork belly was too tough. Bulgogi is definitely the way to go. To cook meat on the table you have to order at least 2 meat orders. 2 orders can be easily consumed by party of 2-3.  I really like the new, updated look. Music was upbeat and friendly and attentive staff made our visit enjoyable. We definitely weren't disappointed with our choice for dinner tonight! We will be back for sure!
5	Me and my husband are regular customers since remodel! They have great lunch specials including sushi! My favorite is the kimchi chigae! Ambience gets better after 6 or 7pm. Lots of Koreans come that means it's good right!?
4	4 stars, not 5.Its located next to a nail salon, boba/pho house, and a FedEx. the plaza itself isnt super clean or well kept; but who goes out to eat for the view? I go for the food and free water. The water is most likely filtered tap, they dont have a wide variety of drinks, but what local restaurant does. The food on the other hand is fun to eat and handle. Perfect place for a nice and cozy date with lots of opportunities for random jokes. Sushi and korean bbq, all for a good price in my opinion (college student). The taste is superb and fresh every time ive been here. Rarely the sushi falls apart when picking it up with chopsticks, no chef is perfect. I wouldve gave it a 5 if the place was cleaner and the wooden.furniture was well kept.
2	Party of 5 charged 18% for tip for a waitress we hardly seen. We did the cook yourself BBQ which was good. We had the black bean sauce noodles not much flavor and the noodles were kinda MEH. The spicy pork is always the winner.  Spicy tuna sushi yah um not ordering again the rice overcooked. The side dishes were okay. When you order the soup make sure to get extra rice. They did renovate and added the sushi bar. Almost miss the way it was before. The servers are all different younger crowd. Not trashy dressed but younger I miss the older Korean waitress she rocked
4	I have been to many Korean bbq restaurants. This place can be a pretty cool place for date nights or if you want to hangout with your friends and sing karaoke. The staffs are super friendly and they make sure to check up on you often to see if everything is okay. I like meat, they have meat. The food is pretty decent/good, depending on what you get. I don't always drink but when I do, I prefer more on the menu. Stay thirsty my friends.
4	Food was great tasting and comes in great qualities. Cool atmosphere. Service was nothing to complain about. Had a vegas roll, hawiian roll, bulgoki, black bran paste noodles, and yellow tail sashimi. Soju and sake bombs to drink. Happy hour all day everyday. Loved it. Not 5 stars due to nothing being perfect. I recommend
5	I can't believe I got 2pc salmon nigiri, 2pc eel nigiri (which was absolutely fresh and fantastic tasting and I LOVE eel), a delicious Caterpillar roll, and a good ol' California roll for just 20$!!! Happy hour is ALL DAY. Its incredible. Our waitress was awesome and very polite. All I had was sushi but they offer Korean food and there's a BBQ AT THE TABLE. Plus there's a Boba drink place that's about 30sec away (not exaggerating). Not to mention that the music was cool and the restaurant has a great and stylish decor and atmosphere. It really is a wonder that more people don't come here. Loved it. I think I'll be a regular customer because they are open until 1am on weekdays and I stay up late. Five stars for a place with great prices, great tasting food with a diverse menu, and a cool atmosphere. Next time you want sushi you should check this place out.
1	Ahh gaaaahh. Third time here. Two times more than I should have. Food is typically average. Only come because my parents are intrigued by their $8.50 lunch box... But this third time was just uuggghh. I try to be an understanding customer and not lash out at waitresses because usually if the food is crap, it's not their fault but I gave these two waitresses my first lashing because they let me sit there and boil for twenty minutes as I waited for them. The experience (setting: there were only 5 other occupied tables and no one came in after us):1) it was15 minutes after we were seated before we got water. We had to ask for it. Our glasses were never refilled.. Esp since they didn't come by until I called for them.2) there were 4 of us. we had to ask for another utensil setting since table only had 3. 3) food took 10 minutes to partially come out. We had to ask for our miso soup since they forgot or didn't know our lunch came with it. Waitress told us that our two cali rolls would take a little bit. Those did not come out til 30 min later. 4) food was beyond poor. My teriyaki salmon didn't have a teriyaki glaze. Seemed like it was just deep fried. Hard - overcooked. My dads teriyaki salmon was   still raw in the inside. My moms bulgogi was flavorless and cold and galbi was hard and not marinated. My bfs tofu soup (soondubu) tasted Ok but not traditional flavor or what I'm used to. Wasn't even red. Daeji bulgogi was Ok. Lastly, the Cali roll was ugh. The rice around the roll just didn't taste right. The insides were standard.I asked if there was a new chef or something and she just responded, we are a bit unorganized today. My parents have been here more than me and said this time was the worst, too, and  we've never had the same waitress... Sooo.. Yeah.Done with this place.
2	This is easily some of the worst service I've received. Anywhere. Ever. I didn't even come here to eat, I just came for a little get-together that involved a group of 15-20 people, a karaoke room, and lots of sake bombs. Okay, maybe just A sake bomb. Mostly because it took forever to talk to anyone! There is a bar area that's separate from restaurant seating, but even though there was certainly the demand for a bartender, there was no one designated to take care of a counter with tons of traffic. In between serving tables, someone would come by really fast and take an order. It took nearly 40 minutes and several attempts to get someone's attention to be served. If I weren't there with really cool people, I would just rage quit, leave, and never come to this establishment again. After my order was placed, they fumbled around catering to the karaoke rooms, which understandably had priority, even at my expense. They ran out of the beer they'd normally use. They ran out of glasses and had to wash more. These poor young women were really busting their butts, and they were really nice. I don't blame them, they definitely needed one more person, and management that knows how to direct what were obviously some first-timers to the restaurant/bar industry. My sake bomb was great considering it was only $5. It was huge! Came with a 20 oz. bottle. The karaoke room was fun. I've never been to one before, but if they're all like that...flashing lights, no noise pollution, and ample seating...then I've gotta check out some more. What's also cool is that they serve food really late. Like, you can order til like 1:30, which seems unheard of for an authentic Korean establishment. It seems like there are definitely some growing pains here. People definitely love this place, but staff have WAY too much trouble keeping up. Virtually all the credit for enjoying my time here can be attributed to my pals. I will be back some time in a smaller group, but I'll wait a little while for them to figure out what they're doing.
5	This is by far one of the most affordable and delicious Korean restaurants in Phoenix. Come for the $4.95 lunch special Mon - Sat from Open to 3pm.
1	There are two separate prices for sushi-- one was way more expensive and another was the "all day happy hour"-- not to be used with any groupons or coupons. The waitress confirmed that these are the exact same rolls, they are just letting you know blatantly that they are overpricing for their "promotions". They weren't even smart enough to have the two differently priced menus separated. With the restrictions, it ended up being a pretty bad deal so we cancelled the groupon. As others have mentioned, the service was not great, despite many servers and only a few other customers. Food was ok.
3	This is my second time here and same minor two complaints. Service is too slow, and seating area is too hot.
4	Really good food. Took my beautiful girlfriend on a date we cooked some good meat and it's next to a boba place. Overall good experience.
4	This place is fabulous. ..great happy hour menu. .sushi chef is cool...and open til 2 am...Saturday night they have a live dj. ..serve is ok don't expect them to be up your butt all night ..they leave you alone til you need something.
3	I may not live in SoCal where the big KTown scene exists, but I am familiarized with the KTown in Santa Clara- so not to toot my own horn, but I feel like I have a pretty good grasp on Korean food, ne?With a hankering for Korean food and all it's spicy, sweet, and savory goodness I came here to OHYA. To be honest, after dining here it wasn't so much of an OH YA! for me more like OH, OH ... that's it?Ordered the Dolsot Bulgogi Bibimbap and the Seafood Soft Tofu Soup. The Bibimbap was alright, props to the clay bowl and sauce being pretty decent. Good amount of veggies, but meat seemed a bit lackluster. You can bet I doused my bowl in the Gochujang sauce. The Tofu Soup was just okay, lacking in seafood, they put imitation crab meat sticks in it which is a big no-no for me. You either put mussels, clams, shrimp in it not imitation seafood.You get a discount for checking in, so be sure to tell your server prior to your bill coming out. The service was good, being that there were only 3 other tables occupied in the huge place with 3 other servers, but only one was serving/helping out. It was interesting. Our waitress was good though, as she kept checking up on us and such.
5	After a looooong day at the lake, shopping, and movies, my friends and I had dinner here. They had all you can eat that day for $23 & the BBQ was really yummy. I found the sushi display really nice too! They also have karaoke rooms
4	This place is not bad. I visited this place before they changed over. I am glad they changed over. its a lot cooler of a place. When we went, I guess one of their servers called out sick.. Thank God. I would have not been happy if my server was hacking up a lung. Bad thing about that situation was it was one server that night. Poor lady was running around. There were some loud annoying and rude people there. I am sure the server felt overwhelmed.We will come back, but if it looks like the same situation we might go else where instead of trying to wade through that nonsense again.
3	I had better Korean BBQ in Tucson, AZ... Now that says a lot! Haha Like usual, I'll start off with the negatives before the positives. The flavors in the marinated BBQ wasn't as flavorful and the meat was very chewy. Our waitress never refilled our waters and only checked on us once. Our grill ran out of fuel so our meat sat uncooked for about twenty minutes while we attempted multiple times to get our waitress's attention. Of course we were charged automatic gratuity even though she didn't deserve her tip. The floors were very sticky from the entrance way all the way to our table. It seems like a lot of alcohol graced their floors.On a positive note... The place looked very comforting and the ambiance was nice. Our table was big and spacious. The tables were big enough where everyone around the table didn't have trouble accessing the BBQ pit and there was enough room for our legs to fit under the table comfortably. The hostess did a very good job at promptly seating us as we arrived. We went on a Thursday night and it wasn't very busy.
3	I think they are under staffed. The servers are always not there when you need them.But it's Korean BBQ and there's not that many of them around here. We got one of the combos and it was around $35 for 2 people. Comparable to what you can find in California except for 1 thing. It's not all you can eat. It's just one plate of meat.Having experienced what awesome AYCE Korean BBQ is ranging from $9.99 to $19.99, I say this place is no good given the amount of meat and the lack of service.Given that AZ has nothing besides 3 to 4 Korean BBQ places in the entire valley area that spans an hour drive from one end to the other, this is ok. But probably not worth your money.I didn't try their sushi or their karaoke service but I'm sure one day, I will.
2	We  were seated immediately.  The tables were very small especially when we planned to cook our meal.we first ordered two sushi rolls they came Fer the meat had arrived.  The sushi was fair . The amount of meat we got for three was may be a pound of meat .The meat was  not well seasoned . . The ri bs were got was not edible because it was so chewy. The waitress forgot our order of tea.we were very disappointed
4	Love George the sushi chef. .tonight was not the waitress night....we brought friends with us that had never been and we were treated very inappropriate by the the waitress sue tonight. ..watch your bill with sue....
5	Congratulations on your newly remodeled restaurant, Chris and Onni! I had the Korean BBQ short ribs lunch special a few times and it was a nicely big portion. Everything in my bento box tasted very good! I had the opportunity to meet them personally and I know for a fact that the owner is a great guy with a big heart. I am looking forward to visit again with my man when he comes back to town soon and invite some of my friends to try out the karaoke. Very excited.
4	I was here with a group of friends that we often get together. We choose this place as one of our friends wants to Karaoke and they have private rooms which great for us as we are loud and obnoxious when we all together. With the private room we can be more wild...lol. They have two private rooms a small and a big. The room rate is $30/2 hours for small room and $50/2 hours for big room then $10/hour after the first two hours. The food here is always good. The service was lacking a bit other than that we had a great time.
5	I love Korean food, and this place was fresh, plentiful, and the service was excellent. A bit of a bar vibe, but the food is great.
3	Happy hour sushi all day!!! Who has that? Such a great place for fresh fish for a phenomenal price! They have a combo of both Japanese and Korean food and of course both are delectable. I pigged out on the deiji (pork) and the dalk (chicken) grilled meats served with the lettuce, spicy flavored Korean paste and loads of garlic - for a garlicky breath to fend the unwanted! We used the open table grill to cook the meats got a fresh BBQ, and munched on the side dishes. Bulgogi (beef) soft tofu soup was also served at your spicy-liking: mild. Also had to devour the fresh salmon and yellowtail nigiri. Minus the multiple servers and confusion and missing of the food here and there for a table of 5, the dinner was quite enjoyable. They also have Korean pop music going on in the background with their karaoke rooms! Maybe they might venture to open one on the east side of town??
3	I came here on a Friday night at around 9 pm and was able to find seating pretty quickly. Ambiance is trendy and fun, but dress is casual. Parking is public in a big lot.My friend and I ordered a limited combo special where we got to pick one meat plate and one sushi roll. We ended up ordering 2 combos and got the Galbi and the Daeji Bulgogi for our meats and got the "Ohya I forgot" roll and the Dynamite roll. First, the meats were great. Very comparable to some Korean places in K-town of LA. I would definitely go back there for that. You have the option of cooking the meat yourself or having the kitchen cook it for you in the back. If you don't know how to BBQ well, then I definitely recommend you let the kitchen staff cook it for you. The traditional small plates that go with the BBQ were good too. Unfortunately, the sushi fell really flat. That's really why I'm not rating this 4 stars! The "Ohya I forgot" roll was way too big and the sauce they used on top was too sweet. They also put a lot of the sauce. For the Dynamite roll, the scallops were cooked ok, but they again put way too much sauce. I would recommend asking if they can put the sauce on the side so you can control how much you want to put on it. So, I will definitely come here for the BBQ and not for the sushi.
1	I usually don't leave reviews, but this was the worst restaurant experience I have ever had. I called in for to-go two hours before they were going to close, I arrived 30 minutes later to pick up my food, note the fact that it took me around 25 minutes to get there, my boyfriend went in to pick up the order and the girl up front said she forgot to put it in and that it was too late to make sushi at that time. I won't be coming back.
2	I'm so torn about writing this update. I've been to this place more times than I can count in the last few years and I would even say we were friendly with the owners. The food was always good. That being said, I doubt I will ever go back.Our party of 3 (and a baby) were seated and ordered quickly. My two companions had the meat/sushi combo for $15. One got Bulgogi and Nigiri and my husband got the Salmon Teriyaki and Crispy Tuna Roll. I ordered the small Sashimi plate ($20). For the kiddo, we got the Bulgogi bowl ($6). I will say that the side dishes were good and we do love the kimchi. The Bulgogi came out first for my friend. It didn't come with rice but he liked it. My husband's Salmon came out next and it was the smallest piece of fish I have ever seen... Maybe 2 oz worth. He had to order a side of rice with it for $1. The baby's Bulgogi and rice bowl had more food than my friend's dish, which was weird. We had about 3 servings of the side dishes. The kimchi was good but the potatoes were flaked with ice.45 min into the meal, we still didn't have any sushi. I mentioned it to the waitress and she said the Sushi Chef was backed up. A fewminutes later, the manager/owner came out - presumably to help. I watched him watch football for a good 10 min before helping the Sushi Chef, but I gave him the benefit of the doubt in case there was something out of his control.A good 10 min later, my friend got his 6 pieces of Nigiri. The only saving grace was that he did like it. A few minutes later, my husband got his roll.At this point, everyone had been given their food but me and let's face it - a Sashimi dish  doesn't need to be cooked so almost an hour to deliver seems ridiculous.The fish was fresh but I was unhappy. I had a $20 LivingSocial deal that I had paid about $10 on so that was deducted from the bill. We asked for boxes and the bill about 3 times before we got it. I'm not sure why - there were a few tables but there appeared to be at least 2 waitresses and a hostess.When I looked down at the bill, it was not ours. In retrospect, it was only $28 so I should have just paid it. I brought it up to the waitress and she gave me the correct bill - $48 - WITH the $20 discount from my $10 coupon. I mentioned that I was a long time customer and that I was disappointed that the manager didn't even offer an apology or a comp - even on something small like the kids' meal. She said the manager told her no  more discount because we had a coupon.At that point, I told the manager that I was very disappointed and had a very bad experience that night. He IGNORED me. He didn't even apologize.I sat and waited for another 10 min for the waitress to pick up my money and to provide change. She never came so I found some smaller bills and left her a tip. I don't blame her for everything, but I was still unhappy.After so many good experiences here, I am torn about giving this review because of one really bad experience. It would have been so easy to make this right. A heartfelt apology and acknowledgement from the manager would have sufficed as would an apology and a small comp. We got nothing after years of supporting this business. I feel like my business obviously doesn't matter to this establishment and I can't go back after this for a long time - maybe ever.I know restaurants and people have bad or off days. I get it. We're all human. But, come on, make an effort!
5	Since my last review over 3 years ago, this place has a whole new look and vibe. It's more than twice as big as it used to be with a more hangout/ bar atmosphere. There are a lot more younger staff working here- not sure if it has new owners. I like all the changes. The other night I came here late with my son and it was great since they are open until late. Their menu is varied and extensive. If you don't find something that suits your taste buds then I think you must be an extremely picky eater!My son and I had the bulgogi with four side dishes, six pieces of sushi ($14.95) plus a California roll ($3.95). Plenty of food for 2 people with leftovers. The waitress was super friendly and took a liking to my son so she couldn't stop smiling when she came over. Which is great cause a smile goes a long way under any occasion!The place reminds of a LA joint now for both old, young, bar, non-bar going crowd alike. I like it. I hope it does well and become more and more successful as the city grows!
1	Let me preface this review by saying that I am writing this in anger over recent events.  Maybe in a week I would rate my experience as 2 stars.  Tonight, however, 1 star is generous.  Prior to Chuhgajib's expansion I went often, even as a student on a shoestring budget.  Back then, it was small, cramped, and smokey, and yet I would have rated it five stars.  The staff was friendly, and the food was incredible.  Now, Chuhgajib has renovated; they offer more than double their original tables and a bar area, and have staff to accommodate their growth.  Unfortunately, the service of the additional staff leaves MUCH to be desired.  This brings me to tonight's visit and the reason for this review.I was part of a party of four.  We did not make a reservation, but when the other couple arrived at 6:50, they were told we could have a BBQ table at 7:30.  We met them and stayed at the bar.  The new sushi offerings are fun; they have unique names and combinations, and we all enjoyed them.  Around 7:45, we were still sitting at the bar while two BBQ tables were being cleared off.  A group of six came in and was seated at two of the BBQ tables with little to no wait at about that time...while we were still waiting for a table.  The server that had been keeping us abreast of our wait time went over to the other server, and shortly there was a small group talking, pointing at us and the group that had just been seated ahead of us.  At this point, we no longer existed as far as the staff was concerned.  No water refills, no updates on our table,  no "Is there anything else I can get you while you wait?"  We couldn't even get eye contact with a server.TWENTY MINUTES LATER, over an hour after we had arrived, we flagged down a server and asked what was going on.  At that point, we were told that there was a mix up and the other group had a reservation ahead of us.  If that was the case, they were at least twenty minutes late for their reservation and their reservation should have gone kaput.  If it was an accident that they were seated in front of us and no one had the nerve to unseat them, someone should have admitted to the mistake.  Even that would have been okay in my book.  But the staff at that point simply decided we didn't exist because no one wanted to be accountable for us being stuck at the bar and not eating the BBQ we had come for.We were told at the same time that another BBQ table had closed out and the staff was waiting for the party to leave before seating us.  Well, at 8:10, there had been enough waiting.  We got the bill, paid, and only left tip because a dollar in change wasn't worth any more waiting on the meek and irresponsible servers.My disappointment is a reflection of how excited I was to see Chuhgajib after its renovation.  Sadly, the staff does nothing to overcome the extremely poor service.  We received a discount on a future purchase, but that means nothing when I never plan to return.  It's time to experiment with other Korean BBQ in Phoenix.
4	We were a bit concerned based on the reviews but had an excellent dinner here. It was Sat night and the service was great. We had our two small kids with us and the staff was very accommodating. The food was also great. My hubby lived in Korea for a couple of years and needed a "fix." He was not disappointed. We had no sushi but went with bulgogi, another meat (which I can't remember), chap chae, & kimchi chigae. We also ordered spring rolls and chicken teriyaki for the kids.  Overall, we had fun grilling our meats and watching the kids try to use rubber banded chop sticks.
3	First time coming to Ohya. Pretty nice with 2 karaoke rooms and a sushi bar. When we got seated, had to wait for a few minutes to get our menus. Like usually when hostess seat you, they give you menus? Confused part. P.s. the hostess wasn't friendly at all. No smiles, just "how many" like dang, can I get a hi or hello.Then our server took our drinks & food order. She was really nice but the Service was okay. We had to flag down our server a few times to get stuff refilled. Food taste okay,wasn't as great compare to the other Korean BBQ I been too. Side dishes really lack in taste and it wasn't fresh. Well the bean sprouts, my boyfriend said it was still frozen. There ddukbokkie was not good at all, only gave me 6 rice cakes the rest was veggies. I was so disappointed Bc I was excited to try it. But it was just BLAH to me. Nothing special about this place. I don't think I'll return unless someone pays for my food,l. Hahaha. Also we went because I bought the $7 coupon that's worth $20 of food and drinks. So it wasn't bad at all. Other than that, just come before dinner if you want great service :)
4	I love this place. I really really do. The food is great, the waitresses are great, and their hours are great. I love the sushi, Korean food, everything. I've been going here since years and years ago. I've taken my family, friends, more friends, and school groups here. But man, I've been coming to realize that while our waitresses remember us, the owner, or the man that always stand behind the sushi bar, has never once come over to talk to us, deliver our food, or ask how everything is. I only see him talking to the people sitting at the bar, or his employees. That is SO disappointing. Not even a welcome or thank you for coming from him. Seriously? If it wasn't for your chefs that make super delicious food and servers with great service.. I wouldn't even be back so often. Ugh the boss deserves like 2 stars... But whatever.
2	Omg, Been wanting to go here 4-5 months ago. anways, came here on a Saturday night. they seated us right away. didnt really pay attention to the table till our food came out. NO utensils & NO napkins. hadda ask them a coupon of times. Finally when fiance finish cooking Galbi & Bulgogi. OMG the galbi smell, taste like vinegar. the waitress bought out a new one, yet it still smell.  Customer service SUCKS!! when u pass our table atleast ask us hows our food taste since you guys been messing up with our orders. NOPE not even once. just stands there looking around. Worst ever.
4	Totally worth a 5 stars but I have a feeling. . This restaurant can't be a 5 stars restaurant. This restaurant service wise or food wise is very casual. It is kind of weird when they open till 1:00 am but have no sushi chef at 9 when we came.. we had combo no5 for the Korean grill. About 39 dollars for a combo.. enough for 2 ppl or 3 if you don't eat that much
2	Came here for the $10 for $20 deal on Groupon, and this review is based entirely on the sushi and service. I did not try any of the Korean BBQ dishes, and will not be returning to try them in the future.Good:- The nigiri salad was good-ish...the grab bag selection of raw fish diced was generally good and most were tasty and chilled.Bad-The nigiri salad had an awful, sugary dressing already mixed in that wasn't listed on the menu-We ordered the nigiri combo with the spicy tuna roll, yellowtail nigiri, and eel nigiri. None of the fish was any cooler than room temperature, as if they just store raw fish in the back on a counter; it did not taste fresh (which is odd considering the fish in the salad DID...). The waitress also did not bring out the spicy tuna roll until we were nearly finished and then asked if we still wanted it.-Service was not good. We saw our waitress once to order, again to bring out the sushi, and then she ignored us. I tried to get her attention to get the rest of our order and more water, but she didn't stop by again for some time and never once asked how the food was. There appeared to be three waitresses working, and the place was deserted except for one table of two and one table of two women and a child running around barefoot. Someone who may or may not have worked there was dressed in gym shorts and a t-shirt and kept wandering around an in/out of the kitchen. No idea if he worked there, so we didn't ask him. Getting our check was painful, and we didn't wait for her to return and just gave the first employee who walked by our card. Didn't see her again and we left after paying some random employee.Not worth it, even with the Groupon deal. I don't like wondering if I'm going to get food poisoning after leaving a restaurant and the service was terrible.
2	Drive down here hoping for some actual KBBQ .  I thought the prices were over priced, but the lunch special prices were reasonable . Miso soup was cold and tasted so bland. It was like sipping on water w/tofu inside. They seemed to be short staffed. So unless I actually lived in the area I wouldn't come back.
4	I went to OHYA with my boyfriend, mostly because I like Japanese and Korean food and they serve both!I decided on one of the specials that included a meat choice and 2 regular sushi rolls or 6 nagiri. I got the bulgogi for my meat choice, then s spicy tuna roll and a California roll. We also ordered the vegetable tempura as an appetizer.  Everything I put in my mouth that night was super yummy! I hadn't had any Asian food for a while and OHYA really hit the spot!Just writing this review made me crave them, so I'll definitely be going back again soon to try some other wonderfully sounding option on their menu!
4	We came here with a Groupon for dinner for two.  While the ordering was a little touchy (limitations on what the Groupon includes), we really enjoyed what we ate.  We are not easily appeased, either, when it comes to anything East Asian.  While we're a little less versed in all nom-noms Korean, we are no stranger to Japanese and Chinese, as it often constitutes a good portion of our dining at home.One of the reasons I love this genre of dining, is the versatility when it comes to vegetarian eats.  Generally speaking, the cuisine embraces tofu or simply omits meat gracefully.  Ohya's menu, while offering many meat dishes, did work well with my green preferences.Our server was friendly, but professional.  She wasn't overbearing, and kept our waters satisfactorily full.  She also worked with us in navigating the menu and helping us get what we wanted.The venue is strong on ambiance, though it manages this with relatively little frill.  Inside, almost everything is black (walls and furniture), which gives a lot of weight.  Otherwise, there really wasn't much decor, just enough to soften the edges and anchor the darkness.I should mention that when we went, the place was pretty empty, though we usually dine out on the early side of the evening.  Still, it didn't feel overly empty.  It was pretty peaceful, which I enjoyed that night.For the amount we spend (including the purchase value of the Groupon, not just what we paid for it) we felt the money was well spent.  Not only this, but we would definitely return.
4	This would be my first Yelp review and my first time trying out this restaurant. I've heard good things about OHYA and I decided to go with my sister to eat there. We love Korean food and Sushi; we were excited that OHYA served both. We enter the restaurant to be greeted right away and taken to our table. Our waitress brought out the water and menus within a couple minutes (maybe because it was late at night and not busy at the moment). We quickly decided on about 4 sushi rolls and the Katsu Chicken to start (we were expecting to have to order more food). After the waitress took our order, she sent it in and our food came out within 5 minutes tops! That was great because we were tired and hungry. The Katsu Chicken came out first and it wasn't the best Katsu Chicken I've had. It didn't have the crunch that most Katsus would have. I wasn't disappointed though, I still ate it happily. Afterwards, the sushi came out and they were decently sized portions (a lot bigger sized pieces than most sushi places we've been to) and those four rolls had us full. We ordered the California Roll, Spicy Tuna, Spicy Crab and the California Crunch. They weren't super fresh or super flavorful but they were still delicious. We even had some leftovers. We would definitely come back again!
4	Yum! The hawaiin roll is da bomb
5	I love the twist on the original hot dog and the the hot dogs are really delicious even for vegetarians. I've been here a couple times and I think the prices are pretty fair and when you add in the shaken fries wasabi style you're getting a pretty unique meal for the price. It sometimes takes a little while to deliver but it's well worth the wait and it's easy to chomp down on some fries and hot dog while walking around the area. Overall, great service, delicious meal, all at an affordable price.
4	First time here for husband and I. Wasn't sure what to expect with all the mixed reviews, but had a LivingSocial deal & no desire to cook on Thursday night, so in we went. The lady that greeted us at the door (and took our order) was very pleasant and polite but very difficult to understand with her heavy Asian accent. Decor is not bad, everything is black. Hopefully not to cover up dirt (which was plainly visible in the bathroom.) Table itself seemed pretty clean though. Oddly, hip-hop music was playing the whole time we were there. There were a few Korean (I assume) families dining in the restaurant during our meal (that may or may not mean anything).The menu is fairly extensive, with many choices of sushi, Korean food, Japanese entrees, and Korean BBQ (which is done at the table if you order that). Every day they had a drink special and Thursday was Four Peaks drafts for $2, which worked for us! We ordered Bibim Bap with Spicy Seafood served in hot stone bowl and Spicy pan fried Squid with Vegetables (Ojing Ah Bokum) to share, and requested a Mango Pop Roll ("Tempura white fish, cream cheese, fresh sweet mango, avocado rolled in soy paper, drizzled with spicy mango sauce with crunch") to eat first as an appetizer.Shortly, the Bibim Bap came out in a very hot stone bowl. A few minutes after that, the Korean side dishes & rice came out. Then a little later, the sushi (which looked incredible). We each had time to eat one delicious, sweet, sushi piece then the squid came out. Oh boy, did my eyes light up when I saw the squid dish - it was so hot, heavy steam was coming off it and it was sizzling like fajitas. I admit I actually said "OH YA!" when I saw the feast in front of us. The entrees were just the right amount of spice (we weren't asked how hot we wanted it to be, but we both enjoy very spicy food) and the flavor was perfect - especially in the squid dish. We decided to eat the sushi for dessert instead. It was so good, we ate everything in front of us. It was more than enough food though - next time we won't be getting an "appetizer" - we were stuffed! Everything was cleared away quickly when we finished, and our check came promptly. I give it overall four stars - 5 for the food (It couldn't have been better)3.5 for the service (attentive and polite but difficulties with communication)2.5 for the ambiance (because the bathroom was so dirty and the music sucked)4 for the value (seemed to be priced reasonably)I will be back...
2	I'll pass. I have been here several times. The service is usually slow. but the sushi is good. Although, tonight I got two rolls and and App to go. I ordered plan chicken wings, and when I bit in, it was red! I called and they said they would replace it if I brought it back in. That ain't happening!
5	Restaurant has a hip and clean atmosphere. I was seated right away with a very friendly waitress, that was very patient and came around a couple of times while I read the menu.  It was hard to decide what to order because their was so much selection, which is awesome! In the middle of your table they have an inset grill. I looked over to the table on my left to notice a party of four having fun grilling up their meat on it, it did smell great.  I also noticed a tv by the bar that had cute pictures displaying photos of their signature sushi dishes. I wanted to try everything after seeing some of the art of these dishes, everything looked so good. I was in the mood for some sushi.  Well finally I ordered the spicy tuna roll off of the signature menu, and my husband ordered 3 different rolls off of the traditional. We also ordered an appetizer of an egg roll. The egg rolls were so yummy, we scarfed them down.  Then the sushi started rolling out.  Wow we ordered a ton of food. I really liked everything.  My two favorites were the signature spicy tuna roll, and the tradition Salomon roll.  All was excellent though. We will be making this our new favorite sushi stop. Next time I want to try a hot dish, just because everyone else's food smelled so great.
5	Ive been hearing a lot of hype about this place thru my friends so i deff wanted to come check it out. Came in one night with my best friend to catch up and grab some food/drinks. Got a martini. cant remember which but it was delicious! Ordered the kimchi Chigae, it was also yummy. Ordered the Ahi Tuna Poke dish.. Tuna poke is my favorite dish and usually when i order it at other sushi places its not that great for the price, so i was really impressed. Also got Korean bbq of course, the galbi and samgyupsal was SO good. the food was SO flavorful and delicious!! And our server SIMON was such a sweetheart! Ended up spending around $80 for two ppl or so and i was tempted to order more because I was still hungry but i held back. All in all my favorite Korean restaurant in Arizona! I plan on making many more visits.Did not get to try the karaoke or the sushi but theres always next time!My friend was disappointed they didn't have bean sprouts as a side dish but that's about it.
1	A severe food poisoning all day, sake cup soo dirty, we asked them a new one but still dirty, spicy tuna & hotate sushi weren't fresh, and grilled items is ok. It's not cool to pay 100$ for dinner after got food poisoning.
5	Love this place. We've dined in several times for lunch/dinner and have also ordered takeout many, many times. Great selection of hot dishes (our go to is always the daeji bulgogi) appetizers and a wide variety of sushi offerings. Our faves include the sonoran roll, mango pop and the gangster. They have a decent sake (hot and cold) and beer selection. They also have happy hour specials that run all day during the week.If you dine in during lunch, take advantage of their amazing lunch specials. Two people can easily share a combo (choice of meat with sides and a 6 piece roll) and walk away happy. Also, the majority of tables have a grill in the center so you have the option of grilling your own meat if you'd like. Always fun for a date night or with a group of friends! They have a full bar (about 10 stools) and a sushi bar (both with televisions) and can accommodate large parties. Staff has always been friendly and helpful in explaining the menu (much of which is in korean).Best thing about this place is they are open late. Real late. 1 am M-Th 2am Fri and Sat and 11 pm on Sunday. Need a late night fix? This is the spot. And again, get the daeji bulgogi. You will not be disappointed.
