3	I can see how if you had a group of young girls and were looking for a fun way to spend an afternoon, you might really enjoy As You Wish. As I was a part of a group of girls in our 20s and 30s, I thought it was fun but I doubt I'll be rushing back.We were a larger group so we had a reservation, I'm not sure if you can just walk in or not. When you arrive the first thing you do is pick out the piece of pottery you want to paint. While they do have a variety of options and price points, overall i found it to be pretty overpriced. I picked up a garden gnome and it was over $50! So not worth it. Plus they normally charge $8.00 just for you to get started so $8.00 plus your pottery can add up quick. This happened to be their anniversary so they were running a deal - $1.50 to paint plus your pottery. Anyway....Once I got over the sticker shock of the pottery I chose a pumpkin shaped bowl to paint. $23.00. I wouldn't normally pay $23 for a pumpkin bowl but whatever - when in Rome.Then they come around to your table and tell you a little bit about the paint and how to use it. They also have stencils and stampers that you can use if you don't want to freehand. Or for an additional charge they'll write on your piece for you.The painting took a lot longer than I thought it would. To get a good solid paint look you need three coats of paint allowing for dry time in between. it dries pretty fast but still, I had to paint my pumpkin three times! They had shown us this "puffy paint" you could use if you wanted a raised effect for lettering or details but when we tried it it was pretty messy and clumpy which was a bummer. Could have been user error on our parts but you figure if kids are going to be doing this it should be easy to do. I'm not the best painter so I was hoping there would be better guidance or even more kinda paint by numbers options and there really weren't. So if you're really creative and can work on a blank canvas  (or plate or vase in this case) you'd probably have fun. I just have a feeling I'm going to pick up my pumpkin bowl in a few days and it's going to look like a 12-year-old painted it. I'll just tell people its a keepsake from my childhood! I'm glad I went because I've always been kind of curious about it but unless I was planning a little girl's birthday party I think once was enough for me.
4	As little kids we indulge in painting, playing with clay, drawing, doodling, music, and all sorts of other creative things. However, as adults sometimes it seems that even listening to music can be a hassle to our busy schedules. As You Wish is a great excuse to go and be a kid again. All those things we do as kids are relaxing and allow us to operate parts of our brains we probably don't get to in our careers/jobs. You don't need to be an artist or have any art skills to do this stuff, just come to have fun. Will your piece come out looking like something you want to put on the mantle? Probably not - but that isn't the point... the point is that you are going to have fun.I can see this as being really fun to do with your kids if they are kind of craft/artsy. I know as a kid, I would have loved doing stuff like this.So what removes this place from a 5-star? Price and music. Just to come in it is $8 per person and then whatever the cost of the pottery piece you pick. It is a little pricey, but meh, this isn't the place you are going to be making a full dinner set. The in-store music was kind of bleh as well. It may be advisable to come with an MP3 player or something and just zone out in your own music instead of whatever random stuff is playing on their radio.This is somewhat of a side note, but make sure that you give yourself enough time to paint. Every place you paint has to be painted with 3 coats... and if you have a large piece, then that is going to take forever. Furthermore, if you are planning on something intricate/complicated... just remember that you are going to have to do the exact same design three times. It is more difficult than it seems.Overall, it was fun. I'd like to go back. you can also get their cards and get discounts. Also, look online for coupons. You can get $2 off the sitting-fee or something like that.
4	This is a great place to come have fun at.  My girlfriend and I came here a little while back because she had not been in some time and I had never been.  We came in during the evening but it was not that busy.  We picked out a couple pieces and got to work.  The staff was very friendly and helped us out when we had questions.  The pieces we painted were ready in a few days and came out great.  We will definitely come back again down the road.
5	This was my first visit and I was impressed! My group of six middle schoolers had a blast! We were able to get seated at a table right away (I called ahead) and the employees were very knowledgeable and helpful.Btw: they must have an excellent training program b/c the girl who helped us told us it was her first day and I never would have guessed it. She really knew her stuff! We will definitely be going back again soon.
3	This is the perfect place to throw in something different for a girls day out and that's just why we went here.  Picture this... blank canvases in the form of pottery, paint, tables and brushes.  4 CRAZY girls all dressed in their spring colors with mischief on their minds, but baby car-seats in their cars and diapers and baby wipes in their purses - uhm aint no "Mischievous" action going on with this crew.  But it's all good....  we still had all the makings of a wonderful afternoon of fun and laughter.   We arrived to this pottery painting place and thank Goodness we had a reservation.  This little place was packed with kids.  There was a birthday party going on in the back too.  So, we went in, picked a piece of pottery, then we haphazardly listened to the instructions.  (Yes, there are instructions.  You don't just start painting.  If you do, you'll find that your pottery will likely be a hot mess - ha, it probably will be a hot mess anyways, but at least listen and follow the instruction so you don't get that wrong.)  After the instructions on how to paint the pottery were done, we started picking out our paints and dove right into painting.  When the painting was done, we dropped off our painted pottery at the front and paid for our services.  2 days later, I went back to the store to pick up my pottery and it was done!I painted the most hideous plate I've ever seen in my life, but I can call it all my own.  I really enjoyed this pottery activity.  I have no artistic talent, but what it did for me was force me to slow down and create something with friends.  We laughed and enjoyed the time together.   As I think back on it, I wonder if you can "BYOW".  ha, if I go back there and I find out that you can, I'm bumping them up a star - stat!I suggest making a reservation on the weekend to guarantee you have a table to make your pottery.
4	I took my little sister here a few weeks ago for the first time.  Seeing how she is only 5 years old I was looking for something we could both do and kill time (summer vacation!).  This place was great.  I made a reservation and everyone on staff was helpful and friendly.  They gave us a start and made sure we were enjoying the experience.I would definitely return there again.  I've heard this place gets super busy at times and now that it is summer i'm sure it will be more so.  I would recommend making a reservation to make sure you are able to paint.
2	The staff did not like that we brought a baby, even though we came to do the baby footprints and handprints pottery. One crew member seemed genuinely annoyed by the baby and wouldn't help us prepare the work. Another crew member had to join us. I doubt we will go back.
4	I really really really enjoy coming here! It is the best part of my month when I'm able to relax and get lost in a piece. The staff are friendly here, but ALWAYS too overbearing. No joke, there were 3 employees working the last day I was there and I was asked a minimum of 12 times if I was "still doing alright over there". No variance in words, no personal touch. Yes, I'm fine. I do not need to be asked every 3-5 minutes.That is the only frustrating thing about this location, everything else is great!
