1	Woah! SLOW SERVICE! It wasn't busy at all... and an oil change ended up taking 2 hours! A bit frustrating. They also try to persuade you into getting all these things that you "supposedly" need. I know that's how you tack on a sale, but just let me go already!! Especially after spending 2 hours in your establishment.That's all I have to say.
1	Hopefully this place is a money laundering front because they know nothing about tires and even less about customer service. I was told after dropping my car 2 hours before closing that my transaction would have to be cash only and I wasn't given an explanation. This place has a work release program vibe to it.Save your money and time and drive to discount tires on Flamingo.
1	Do yourself a favor and stay clear from the poor customer service at this Tire Works.THE STORYGot a flat on my Tire Works purchased tires. I called ahead about the flat warranty and mysteriously they had no record of my initial ~$1000 purchase in their system (which is needed to cover the repair). I had to call the original store myself to track it down (because the location nearest my house didn't offer to). The manager at the purchase location confirmed with me on the phone that all my tires were under warranty and they would fix a flat for free at any Tire Works. He agreed to my request to call the store nearest me and let them know since it wasn't in their system (curiously, the record of my purchase was in his system).Anyhow, I drove to the closer Tire Works and found the place near empty (that should have been a sign) with a twenty-something counter representative who looked like he was high and who didn't have a clue about my situation (even though the manager from the other store had called ahead). After explaining myself (twice), he had to call the manager over who finally conceded to the flat repair as he had taken the call from the other store (but had not shared it with his counter staff).I pull my car around as instructed and a tech in the shop takes my tire off, looks at the puncture and says he can fix it. I tell him I'm running next door for a sandwich and I'll be right back while he finishes the repair. Ten (10) minutes later I walk back only to be told (by the high guy) they could not fix my tire but (suddenly) I had to buy a new one.Perplexed and I felt like the whole approach was feeling shady to me because ten (10) minutes ago they could fix it and now they cant. I said so and asked for a copy of the warranty language so I could see the details on flat repair policy. The high guys goes inside and out comes the manager with a "what do you want" attitude (because that's all he said). I explained to him what happened and asked again to see a copy of the warranty on flats. I asked AGAIN and he begrudgingly walks back inside to get me a copy. He walks back out, hands me the warranty and simply walks back inside without a word of concern.After reading the content of the warranty I went back in and reviewed it with with the manager who newly explained to me that in actuality I did NOT have a warranty at all and so any language on repair or warranty meant nothing. Feeling completely confused and taken advantage of I ask him why - without a warranty - were they going to fix my tire in the first place. He has no answer. I told him the whole experience felt like they were trying to get me in to fix a flat only to sell me a tire... and that there was no flat warranty at all. Why they can fix it / we can't fix it flip-flop? He has no answer. He acts completely indifferent and makes several condescending remarks to my questions. Seeing we were getting nowhere I get the corporate phone number and leave.As I drove away I found myself wondering how a company places a person in charge (a manager) with absolutely no skills in dealing with a customer other than the skill to make things markedly worse. I immediately called the corporate office hoping to let them know about what happened.A swift three hours later the corporate customer service person calls me back with the excuse that she couldn't return my call sooner because she was in meetings all day and had not actually received the message until some two hours after I had initially called. I mused to myself if any of the meetings she attended during my three hour wait for customer service were about the importance of PROMPT customer service?With the time that had elapsed I had already paid to get my tire fixed elsewhere. As this was also the second bad experience with this company I didn't want anything more from them than to share the story and let them know my plan to spread the word on their abysmal customer service (both in shop and at corporate). SIDEBAR: during the original purchase of these tires at Tire Works they tried to sneak in an overcharge of $500 on a set of new tires as required me to catch it before the bill was adjusted.CONCLUSIONSo in the end, although a "manager" can steal away your time and money leaving spreading the word of mouth on bad service as the only available reciprocity as a consumer. Thankfully today, channels such as Facebook, Yelp reviews, Google business reviews!, Yahoo reviews, YP.com, Angie's List and about a dozen other portals exist so we can do just that. Reviews like yours and mine reach on average of at LEAST 1000 people over their lifetime.With any luck, other reviews similar to my own will pile up, revenue will stop flowing to Tire Works and locations will close leaving other potential customers getting great service elsewhere.
5	I needed to get four new tires for my Lexus. After getting an outrageous quote of $209 per tire for basic bottom of the line tires at Goodyear I went across the street to Tire Works. The gentleman that helped me was very courteous and knowledgeable. After discussing all of the options he was able to get me top of the line Toyo tires for significantly less than the basic Goodyear tires. The service including an alignment was fast and without incident and I was on my way in no time at all. Great job thanks again!!!
1	Don't Trust Them. Selling USED parts for the price of NEW. I've been to this Tire Works location for my tires and liked the service. When one of my rim cracked. I called VW for a price on the rim and I was quoted $350. On my way to VW dealership to buy the rim I passed by Tire Works. I stopped in to see if they sell rims. Mark at the front desk helped me. He called dealerships and realized the rims were low in supply. Taking up to 7 day for delivery. Than he called a few local shops. While waiting for local shops to call back & confirm a match on my rim. Mark show me another option of buying rims that were in stock that did NOT match my rims. I made it clear to him my car is a special edition and I want the same rims that matched.Once he located my rim I was giving an estimate invoice and I put a deposit down. The price for the rim was the same as VW dealership $350. No savings there! But they are located close to my house. Convenient !After I got home & read the estimate again I realize it said (USED) in the description of the rim. I went back to the shop and asked Mark about the (USED) rim. He said  "you made it clear that you want the same rim that came with the car. They are new!" He said his finger must have typed in the wrong key (Pointing at the register). I kept pressing about (USED) rim on the description of the estimate invoice. He came up with every lie he can think of. For example...It will be NEW when it arrive to the shop, The rim is from the manufacture and they would work just fine. And when the rim come in it will be in a box. New & Seal!I insisted on my deposit back again. He told me I can come look at them when they come in before they put them on my car to ensure the rim is new. I asked if I can to talk to the place that the rim is coming from to ensure NEW rim is what I am getting. Mark called Hub Cap Annie. I talk to the guy he said the rim I am getting is coming from the manufacture and is LIKE NEW. There maybe only be a few things wrong with it. OK....That is refurbish NOT new. I insisted on my deposit back so I can go to VW. Mark offered me a discount of $70.Since I cannot trust them I took my car to VW.
4	Great place for tire repair or replacement as well as oil changes and scheduled service.  In my experience the staff have been friendly and helpful.  I will continue to return for all my service and tire needs and am very comfortable recommending them to anyone.
5	It all started when my 2001 camaro's radiator popped. They had told me 2250 miles prior that I should probably get the Stock hoses replaced. Being the penny pincher I am I took that with a grain of salt, and went about my business. I was kicking myself in the rear when i had it towed to there location again. What we thought was a radiator replacement, that would be done by noon, turned  out to be a complete cooling system failure. Thermostat broke, water pump shut down, the radiator cracked, burning out my fan rely. I was gonna be late for work. Erick seeing my dismay offered me a ride. I was extatic. It was a big day for me and being late was not an option. I got to work on time, when i came to pick up my car that nite Erick had also shaved off some labor and worked on me getting some parts at cost. He also gave me a deal on tires, seeing is they saw how bad my were. I love tire works. I will never go to another car shop. I never write yelp reviews and i hijacked my girlfreinds phone just to write this. Between Ericks costumer service skills, and Boots (the top notch technician), my car is running better than ever. Costumer for life.
1	I have been using this Tire Works location for about six months to service my Ford F350.  Up until yesterday they were ok.Then.....my sales person was Carmen.  She is absolutely the rudest person I have come in contact with in a long time.  We were discussing a problem with the front tires on my truck and she was absolutely rude and condescending.   She even answered the telephone and started assisting that customer while we were in the middle of discussing the problem with my vehicle.Then I asked to speak with the manager and she told me she was the manager.  I asked to the number to the corporate offices and she gave me a card with her name WRITTEN on it.  (you would think a manager would have their name and title PRINTED on the card)  Another employee came in and I asked him who the manager was and he told me he was!  WOW, not only does she have poor customer service she is less than truthful also.  Not good attributes to have in the customer service and auto repair industry!!!!To make a long story short, I filed a complaint at their corporate office and I will NEVER return to any of their facilities.If you read this, trust me, find another facility to have any repairs or purchase any products including tires.Carmen has proven that neither her or Tire Works can be trusted.
2	Even a free tire patch turned into a nightmare. I brought one of my tires in on a Sunday to be patched. I was fine with dropping it off at 10:00am and coming back at 1pm to have it swapped with the donut spare. One would think a large corporation would put the donut spare back into the storage compartment for the customer. I tipped the kid $5 as to not leave me hanging. Much to my surprise when I went to go load $300 worth of groceries, I see a dirty spare tire donut smudging up the back seat instead.Then on the way home I hit the freeway and right as I hit 60mph the steering wheel is waving back and forth, so I call tire works to have them fix it. Mike who I assume is the manager, was apologetic about his tech not correctly balancing the repaired tire and not putting away the spare. I made my way back to the store where they rebalanced the tire but much to my dismay, the spare tire was still not put back into place. By now it's 4pm and I just want to get home.  Overall a decent experience, considering I only paid with my time. but now I know why discount tire is superior. Next time I will wait until a normal weekday to get a flat tire.
2	I got to tell you, this was a miserable experience.  I went in with a coupon for a free oil change and they immediately said they don't honor the coupons.  Then I waited more than an hour for them to finish the oil change and they asked if I wanted the windshield wipers replaced.  I said yes and by the time I got out of there it was almost two hours later.  I'll never go back.
5	Called TWTCC to get a quote on 2 new front brake pads, 2 new front rotors, 2 new rear tires, the re-clamping of a leaking heater hose and was told it would be $650 which is significantly lower than the +$925 I was told over at Ted Wiens.. So I hopped in my Lexy and hightailed it over here.. Corey is who I spoke with on the phone and he just so happened to be the manager.. He took a look at my car, checked me in and told me it would be about 1.5 hours and that if it took less he would be able to give me a discount on the labor. It ended up taking longer than 1.5 hours but Corey stuck to his word and only charged me $650 at the end of the day.. He was very nice and explained everything to me so that I knew what was going on ( I know NOTHING about cars...) They ended up putting a pair of Yokohama tires on because they matched the treading on my front tires the best but they have quite a selection on different tire brands. He also informed me that 2 of my tires had been recently rotated which is dangerous because of the size difference.. UGHI see that there are a couple older negative reviews and some people have told me that there have been some shady activities reported at this chain but the customer service I received here was nothing short of amazing and I can definitely feel a difference in the way my car drives.. I will write an updated review after I drive her around more but definitely hit up Corey and his gang for all your car needs ;]]]HOT TIP: oh and they charge mid $40's for a full synthetic oil change~!!! & their direct phone # is 702-732-1900. Oh yea I just remembered and I have a lifetime warranty on the brake pads so I can get new ones for free whenever with a $80 labor fee~
1	I think this place is shady. Don't buy your tires from them unless absolutely necessary. They are unprofessional and whenever they work on my tires I always monitor what they do. They don't care about the customer or their requests.Heres my experience with this shop, So I needed tires for my car and my sister had gone there so I felt that this would be a good place to go to after visiting Ted Wins and getting a ridiculous Quote. I arrive and talk with a man named Cory and he gives me a more reasonable quote so I bought the tires. Then he asks if I want to insure the tires. I asked him what does it cover, his response, "anything you do to them, and its only 20  dollars!" To me complete coverage for 20 dollars i felt like I was getting a ridiculous deal so I opted for insurance.  Then it comes time to pay and he charged me  $20 extra for each tire for insurance. He deceived me and made it seem like insurance would be for all four tires for $20.  I was not happy but I had already said sign me up for the insurance and I felt I couldn't take it back so I payed the total amount and my wallet turned empty :c. Next they quoted me a time of 3hr and I never received my call so I patiently waited. They close at 6 so I couldn't wait any longer. I arrived at 5:30 and my car was sitting outside with some ugly looking tires. I checked them out and they had this nasty substance on them, made them look like muddy tires. I went inside not to happy about not being notified that my car was ready for pick up and Cory said that he called me and showed me his personal cell phone which was a white iPhone and shows that he dialed my number. (this doesn't mean that he waited for me to answer so I believe he just clicked call, then quickly canceled the call before it went through)  You should use the phone from the shop to call a customer it's the professional thing to do. Then I asked him about the substance on my tires, his response was, "It'll just wipe off." I didn't believe him so I went and tested if it would wipe off. I brush my thumb on the substance and wipe away and make no progress, so I press as hard as I can and it just smudges. (-_-t I just left because I felt i'd be wasting my breath on these idiots. Then I went to walmart and got some tire cleaner and spend 20 mins cleaning my tires once I got home. Durring the process of cleaning my tires I noticed my expensive rims got damaged. The tire puller machine was used the wrong way  and it left bite marks on four spots of my rim. That ticked me off even more. I've used the tire removal machine before and I know the proper way to use it on custom rims, you need to grab the outer bead of the rim and not from the inner wall.A few months later on the freeway there was a fan assembly on the freeway that fell off a truck. I tried to dodge it but managed to clip my tire on it. It ripped some rubber off the sidewall and I felt the structural integrity has been compromised. So I called up the shop and they said bring it in. When they saw it they just ripped off the torn piece of rubber and said that its not  that bad. You should be good, I constantly badgered them about the tire and the sidewall being very important and they didn't want to exchange my tire. So I reluctantly left. My tire was starting to leak air so I took it in and explained to a different person, named Chris. And told him my situation but left out my tire insurance. He said that we definitely need to replace the tire. If you have sidewall damage and your leaking air you need to replace the tire. You can't repair that or it would be illegal. So then I mention that I have tire insurance and how will that work out.  Then he changes his demeanor and says well lemme take a look at this and dunk it in the bin.  Then he takes the tire to the back and dunks it and finds out that the leak was not coming from the damaged sidewall. that it was coming from the valve stem and that they would replace it. I asked how much it would cost me and he said free. I was okay with that price so I replied alright.Before he walked away I explained to him that my rims are expensive and when I first brought it here they received some damage from the machine. And he nodded his head and walked into the shop. He left before I could finish saying to grab it from the outer bead of the rim. I watched as they put it onto the tire machine and clamp down onto the inner wall of the rim. I felt as if walking into the shop floor and  doing it myself. But they would probably get mad and hit me with a tire iron or something. So I waited behind the counter and continued to watch what they do. The technician put the new valve stem and re-installed the tire and rolled it to me and said it's done. It was apparent that he thought he did a great job so I didn't mess with him. I know that the technician wasn't trained properly on the removal and installation of tires. More marks on my tires. So I just blame management and go on with my day.
2	I recently went to this Tire Works store at West Tropicana and Teepee to get an alignment and my tires rotated. I walked out having spent more than $800 on an alignment, tire rotation, new head gaskets, new spark plug wires, two new tires , and a fuel injection cleaning. When I got the car back I noticed that the ride was extremely rough and bouncy. Also the alignment wasn't really fixed. I took my car back the next day and left it for several hours. When I pick it up, I was told that my rims were out of round and that the alignment was fine . They told me that many of the roads around town are crowned to provide water runoff, so this results in the car pulling a little bit to the right. However, it seems to do it on no matter what road I drive. Worse yet, I checked my tire pressure the next day and to my surprise the two rear tires that I had just bought we're over inflated to 45 psi instead of the 33 psi they were supposed to be at. I called and told them about this and their response was that must've been a problem with their tire pressure  gauge or it could have been human error. I certainly would not trust a tire shop where they don't even know how to properly inflate tires. I'm going to take my car to another repair shop to have it properly aligned.  The employees were pleasant enough, but I just am very wary about whether they know what they're doing.
3	Had one great experience, one terrible and a lot of so so in between. It would help if they didn't  change the entire staff every week.
1	If you're looking for a 4 hour oil change this is the spot! Completely. Useless. Got there at noon for an oil change in our SUV, they didn't seem busy and the guy at the front was nice and helpful. We were quoted 30-45 min so decided to wait. 45 min later we got up to check on it - hadn't even started. We were then told that an employee called in so they were a bit behind, fine, I get that it happens. Communicate that though. Against my husband's better judgment we decided to wait it out and were told it'd be 45 min. We chose to take our other car to run some errands and were surprised over 2 hours later to get the call it was done. No discount. No coupon for future service. Nada. I will never go back to this place! Horrible service!!
1	Tried to overcharge me sooo bad. Same four tires from Discount up the road was $210 less out the door.. For reals.Not to mention these "experts" (salesman) we're extremely pushy to pass up a quality tire and insisted I buy the "Westlakes".. Then he lied about them being a new but impressive tire company. I'm not stupid. 3 seconds of searching shows its one of the worst brands that's banned in multiple countries. It's a terrible Chinese rubber manufacturing plant that's on Every single DO NOT BUY lists in the US, and almost every other tire shop in Vegas won't sell their tires.. Yeah. Go across the street to Goodyear, or even better yet up to discount on flamingo!!!
5	I took my car in for an oil change yesterday.  I was extremely impressed with the quality of customer service I received from Javier and John.  It's rare that you find guys who genuinely care about how they treat customers.  They were definitely short-staffed, but Javier was honest about that and extremely helpful answering my questions.  They performed a swift oil change and kept me informed of the wait along the way.  It took a tiny bit longer than most places, but it was totally worth it for the level of quality service I received.  I would highly recommend Tire Works Total Car Care on Tropicana if you're looking for top notch customer care.  Thanks so much, Javier (and the technician John)!  You guys rock!  I will come back when my car needs service next!
4	Vince, the New Manager made it right. In short, I purchased a new tire 2 years ago, for my hot rod and put less than 3k miles on it before it went bad.  Defective tire. The two previous managers did nothing and soon 5 months went bye. Then a real professional showed up. Vince. In less than one day of speaking with him, he was able to get it figured out and he replaced my tire with a brand new one. all I paid was tax. Thank you Vince. Because of this, i will recommend friends and family. Frank k.
