5	We've been customers for years, and this is a great place to go for wine. The owners not only know their stock, once they get to know you they always have a recommendation for you. It's also a cigar bar with an extensive selection. I've found some lovely wines here. When I want an absolutely excellent bottle of wine for a special occasion, this is the place I go.
5	Great place in Madison to find top notch wines and cigars.  The cigar humidor is huge with a fantastic selection.  And when you find the one you want, sit down, light it up and enjoy!  About the only place in Madison you can do that at.  They also have some really nice tasting events where you can try out a variety of wine, scotch and cigars.
5	Probably THE best place to get cigars in the area. I've only been here twice, but I will definitely be going here again soon. They know their stuff and are very helpful. After a short chat about what types of cigars I've had the recommendations came flowing. There's a huge selection, so if you do know what you're looking for they will probably have it.
3	This place is really hit or miss for me. I really want to like them, as there aren't a lot of cigar bar options in the Madison area, but they've got issues.They have a *huge* selection of cigars in their well-stocked, well-maintained humidor, which is fantastic (as well as recommendations, if you're not sure what you're in the mood for.) There's also comfortable seating in addition to the bar if you'd like to hang out and enjoy your cigar and a drink. In addition, they also host wine, cigar, and other tasting events that are well-attended.The only thing I can't get over are the bizarre hours. They're open until 7pm Tuesday-Friday, 5pm on Saturdays, and closed Sundays and Mondays.For me (and a huge number of my social circle,) cigars are a relaxing, social experience, not a rushed errand, like I'm picking up milk and eggs at the grocery. As a small business owner myself, I respect another's need to set their hours as they see fit, but with the Tasting Room's business hours as they are, I'm rarely able to make it over there on weekdays, and lack of weekend evening hours nix that possibility as well.I'd like to give them at least four stars, but it doesn't matter if you have the best-stocked humidor in the Midwest if it's difficult to access it.
