5	Don't make the mistake and think this is a Jamba Juice clone. It is not. It is a local juice shop that has tasty, fresh vegetables and a really nice couple that owns it. I got a 2 oz Wheatgrass that was so tasty I didn't need an OJ chaser. I also ordered a 24 oz juiced veggie drink that was excellent. If you are like me and own a juicer at home, but are too lazy to do the clean up, then this is a place for you.
5	This is my favorite spot for a smoothie fix. A couple of years ago while working on a marketing audit paper for school, I learned of Inta Juice by watching ESPN. Randy Moss, wide receiver of the New England Patriots is a VP of marketing. He contacted the headquarters to set up locations in his home state of West Virginia and ended up purchasing a few locations. They asked him to be involved with marketing and he said okay.This location is the only one in all of Arizona, but I was fortunate that it was close by while living in Chandler. Any time I drive down Arizona Avenue (like today) I stop and have a drink. The service is prompt, the store clean and the products fresh. Business-wise, they have a great model and test each product in their two main locations in Colorado before releasing to the public. You will find consistencies between various locations - which is a plus when traveling. They have a nice variety of smoothies and juices to choose from. I like the acai smoothie, the trail mixer, the choco-nutter, love potion # 9 and my favorite, the Intense Energy made with Red Bull. They also have wheat grass shots, vegetable juice blends and green tea products.If you want a smoothie give Inta Juice a try!
5	They use real fruit and real fruit juice.  I love this place!  The best smoothies out there, no chalky or powdery after tastes like at the other smoothie places.  I refuse to go to any other smoothie place.
5	I've been coming to Inta Juice for at least two years now.  Any time I feel under the weather, I zip right over for a shot of wheat grass.  I usually can't resist a large juice to go as well.  The service is friendly and informative when you have questions.  I never feel pressured or annoyed.  The prices are reasonable, and the quality is top-notch.  Everything is prepared fresh in front of you from actual fruits and vegetables (and wheat grass!).  Awesomeness!  The drinks are TASTY too!  Today I crawled in to the store in my pajamas and told the owner that I was "dying" from the heinous head-cold and rattling cough that have been ruining my life this past week.  He quickly suggested the Amazon cherry, which contains a super serving of Vitamin C.  I also added bee pollen and High-C supplement to my juice to ensure I am getting every natural healing element that Inta-Juice could offer me.  Right now, I'm feeling refreshed.  Tomorrow, I betcha I'll be feeling a little bit better.  :)
5	I love coming here! The owners are wonderful people who take the time to explain their products. Inta Juice uses the best quality ingredients and that makes all the difference. The smoothies can easily fill you up and keep you satisfied for several hours. Inta Juice also offers a variety of FREE, yes I said Free supplements to add to your drink. They have something for every taste here and it's super healthy. My favorite is the Super C drink. Try the fresh wheatgrass juice!
5	Like smoothies? THEN GO HERE. End of review. (And if you don't believe me, look at all the other reviews - they are ALL 5-star reviews)OK, really, this place is awesome. I not only love their smoothies but love the people that work there. I dont come but once a month and both of the main people know me by name, where I work and what I drive. They nearly know my favorites too. Saying it that way kind of makes it sound like they are stalkers or something but what I am trying to convey is that they are some people that GENUINELY care about their customers. And I don't mean that their customers are happy with their smoothie either, I mean that life is going well for them in general.CUSTOMER SERVICE: 5/5In an age where most companies are about the bottom line and customer service has declined, this is a super nice thing to have on their resume. I've sat here many times and watched them converse with nearly every single customer that came in. Thanks Tom and Anita!INSIDE: 5/5Two tables with 4 chairs each, plus two barstools. Not many stay in there to eat so this is sufficient. ALWAYS clean.LOCATION: 4.5/5They are just south of the 202 on Arizona Ave by Sam's Club. I give it a 4.5 because they are probably too south for many people. I live right around the corner, so this is not a problem for me. But make a trip here a lunch run. Go get a smoothie then go over to Sam's Club (with your membership or attempt to sneak in) that is in same parking lot and eat samples for lunch. What could be better in times like this when we could all pinch pennies.SMOOTHIES: 5/5Clearly a 6 if I could give it. I've tried all sorts of smoothie places and all the smoothies don't taste as natural as IJ. I trust that this is true on paper too - I believe they ARE healthier than other places. Their menu is pretty diverse as well, to include some of the better wheatgrass I've tried (didn't even really need a chaser). Best yet, with a medium or larger (medium is standard) you get two free supplements. If you don't know, most places charge something like $0.25 per supplement. I also like their Acai Bowl with a passion. I get it with apple juice and it is an absolute treat. One bowl will nearly fill me up so that I can't drink my entire medium smoothie. BTW, Acai is supposed to be SUPER healthy.OTHER: N/AThey have a frequent shopper card. Your 13th smoothie will be free. They also always have coupons and (should) accept the Intel Vault card.Bottom line is this... if you want a healthy fruit drink then come here. Like Aaron H below said, I refuse to go anywhere else. The place is great and I truly wish more people knew about it.
5	Inta Juice is awesome. The owners are friendly and consistently deliver a quality product. Love my Sunshine Passion on a hot summer day!
4	So glad I decided to stop in today! Double stamp tuesday! Try the chai high! It is the perfect blend of tea and smoothie in one!!!!
5	The owner helped me pick some good stuff to put with it. Recommended the sunset beach i believe and it was delicious!
5	This place not only has GREAT smoothies, but the owner is super helpful. Tom is friendly and will give you good advice about flavors & supplements. They are just a very friendly bunch with some really good smoothies! I highly recommend them!
5	Great little juice bar!  They have tons of smoothies and fresh fruit and vegetable juices...along with wheat grass.  I had the acai berry smoothie which was super yummy....and made with soymilk!  I can't wait to get back and try something else!
5	Greatest smoothie place of all time!  They're all about health, unlike many of the other places that are loaded with sugar.  They always help me pick out the perfect smoothie for my little boy.  In our house, we're big fans of the chi-high and the green tea smoothie.  YUM!!
5	My daughter and I desperately wanted a smoothie on a mid-Sunday morning and couldn't think of anyplace open that actually offered real fruit smoothies on a Sunday.  I remembered passing the Inta Juice signs on AZ Ave many times and wondering if they were any good.  Today we were in that area anyway and decided to see if they happened to be open on a Sunday morning.  It was our lucky day!  We love this place!  Their smoothies are the absolute best.  The interior of the shop is nice, bright, clean and welcoming.  They have a huge variety of offerings + you can create your own smoothie.  Best of all for us today, they are open on Sunday!
5	BOMBBB!! they use real fruit and blend it all together. No extra sugar but c'mon, real fruits sweet enough. Nommmm
5	Omg! The acai bliss and tropical citrus r the only ones I've had so far and both r beyond amazing!! I will b here on a regular basis to try a new one each time!! Nom nom nom!!!!
4	Very nice owner and good selection.
4	Great smoothies!  Took my kids there and we got Tango Mango (I liked this one the best), Strawberry Splash (this one had a little bit of a bitter taste but lots of berry flavor), Love Potion #9 and Fruit Fusion.  The smoothies had the right balance of fruit flavor and sweetness.  I definitely like this better than Jamba Juice.
5	Yummy. So fruity& smooth. Make sure you get a extra shot ;) very friendly & smiley staff!
5	Great smoothies and it always makes me feel good supporting a small local business as opposed to going to Jamba Juice.
4	I must say I felt a little out of place as we were not greeted or spoken to for several minutes when we came in despite there being only one other person waiting for their drink. I liked their menu as they seemed to have ingredients and drinks that other places do not make. Specifically, we were looking for cranberry smoothies to cleanse our livers and everyone we called had no such thing.Located right next to Sam's Club off of the 202 on AZ Ave, it is pretty convenient for those here in the East Valley. Once our order was taken, we then added a few free vitamin additives. Once the smoothies were made (we ordered large sizes and they were huge), the owner then started to open up and was more conversational. I felt better about the service and I am more than likely to return. They offer a frequent customer card so I guess I have my excuse!
5	Wow super fast service with a smile! We had 8 in our group! My family wants one of these in Minnesota
5	Inta Juice is a great place!  I have been taking my kids here since they opened.  I have gotten to know the owners by name (Tom and Anita).  They know my daughter by name as she is the one that comes with me most frequently.  We all like the "Lime Your Mine" smoothie as well as the "Fruit Kiss".  I agree with Merle that I go out of my way to support the nonchain food establishments.  I get a shot of wheatgrass everytime I go there.  It has become an acquired taste for me.  This place is great!  If you want a smoothie go here!!!
5	Was in the area a little too early on a hot day, came in to kill time and rehydrate. Ordered a nice sounding smoothie from the menu: Kool Kiwi. The first sip made me question whether I was really in my senses to have liked something so much in just one sip. The second sip confirmed it; this was no ordinary smoothie! It was tons of quality and freshness packed in one (large) serving. The option to add whey protein is wonderful, would've kept me coming back regularly if i were a local. Very pleased by the freshness of ingredients, cleanliness, atmosphere and service. Recommended, heartily!
5	This is one of those places that doesn't get enough acknowledgement! It's been here for years. Businesses have come and gone in this particular plaza and yet, after 6 years, they are still there. With a simple idea but one they are passionate about and so it shows in what they do. I've tried many different things here and have never had anything I didn't love. The Colada Cooler is my fave. The smoothies come with 2 boosts. Like calcium, energy, immunity, ginseng, etc. They also have great Acai smoothies. They have juices and yogurts too. This place tastes better and has more selection than any of those OTHER juice smoothie places!
5	LOVE the Crazy Cranberry!  The shop is always clean and I'm greeted with a smile.  Someday I intend to try another flavor, but for now it's Crazy Cranberry all the way.
4	This is a great place to get straight up juice.  Quick, friendly, and clean... you are going to pay for the convenience of not having to clean your juicer though.
5	The quality of the produce used here is exceptional! Also, the owners are great people who take pride in every drink they make.  I love the Extreme Veggie fresh pressed juice.  This place also gets organic wheatgrass from a local farmer.  Believe me, you can taste the difference.  I will be heading to Inta every week!
5	Amazing place to grab a fresh drink, especially on a hot day. The best thing about this place is the ingredients they use. Everything in my smoothie tasted so fresh- it really made a difference. The one thing that bothered me about this shop was the hovering of the owners. I'm sure they are super great people but it was a tad awkward as a customer to have the managers standing over their employees. I could only imagine how the employees felt all day. Maybe give them a little more space at the counter. Other than that- amazing drink place I will certainly be returning to .
1	let me start off by saying we have never been here before. usually go to Jamba Juice. and now i see why the place was dead when we walked in. no one greeted us or told us we were standing in the wrong spot to order for 5 minutes. we wanted to try this place since we had a coupon from the hamilton huskies coupon book. usually this is a way to get new business. The owner would not let us use the coupon. she then proceeded on to tell us we needed the card that went with the book. she went on about how she would be giving us 5 free smoothies and it wasn't right (this was the owner) she was completely rude. i had to step out of the crappy fake smoothie shop because i was going to freak out. my husband was waiting for our "smoothies" and she began mumbling to herself behind the counter. he told her that was unproffessional as we are paying customers. she went to the back and started throwing things around. they forgot to give us our wheat grass shots we paid for and the cashier gave us such a hard time even though we paid for them!  avoid this place at all costs! the juices come from a machine and everything tasted proccessed and sugary. waste of money, HORRIBLE service.
5	I'm not sure what folks are talking about saying the owner lady is rude. Blah! This place gives GREAT juice - not kitchy smoothies full of sugar and crap that do nothing for you. Every time I've been here which has been a handful of times (for the moment) she is ALWAYS there and if I had a question or can't decide what to order - she is polite about answering it or giving a suggestion. Can't tell you how much I appreciate that they serve their juices in LARGE sizes and put a little ice in it so it stays cold never mind the STYROFOAM CUPS!!  Yea I'm a fan of cold drinks in styrofoam - cause my REAL JUICE that I'm drinking will STAY COLD!  Their menu gives a lot to choose from for whatever mood your in - my goal is to make it through this menu at some point.  Every time I've visited - I've ordered something different.  Stop in and drink something healthy dang it!!!
5	I have to say that I'm pretty fond of this place! There was a smoothie shop that I enjoyed going to when I was a kid but that was closed down several years ago and I could NOT find anything like it, but I did. and it's called INTA JUICE! and its 10 times better than Tropical Smoothie Cafe and Jamba Juice! I recommend the Strawberry Blast !
4	Good juice, good prices.
5	My favorite smoothies ever! The "make my day" is the best protein shake and is to die for. And Inta Juice is right next to my gym. Definitely recommend it to fellow smoothie lovers!
4	I love the smoothies! Definitely the best I have ever had. However, I have had rude workers multiple times and was not greeted or acknowledged on several occasions. But I will still come back for that acai smoothie
5	I have tried multiple smoothies from here and found them significantly better than all other smoothies I have had from other shops. Not only are they delicious, but they make my day! I have also noticed a great improvement in customer service since I first began going to this business.
5	Extreme veggie drink is amazing. Great little place to grab something quick, healthy and delicious.
5	I absolutely love Inta juice! I always get the Caribbean Blend with a shot of energy to get my day started!
5	No complaints! i came for juice and juice is what i got! They have a nice variety from juices to smoothies and also shots like ginger/lemon shots. If you're looking for something healthy and quick this is a good spot to grab a nice drink from. prices are pretty comparable to other similar juice bars. Next time I'm in this area I will be stopping by!
5	My kids and I usually make a run over here after working out at the nearby 24 Hour Fitness.  My girls love it here! Their favorite is the Fruit Kiss. We usually have them split it as they're  young and can't finish one on their own. Just an extra $0.40.I've tried a bunch but I think right now my favorite is the Matcha.  They have so many flavors and you can make your own!Definitely worth checking out. And make sure to check in through Yelp and get a free 16oz smoothie with any purchase!
5	Been here several times and this place never disappoints!! Like the range of choices from smoothies to actual juice. Plus chocolate options if you need a fix. A little pricey but worth it, especially when compared to Jamba Juice. We did a same day comparison and Inta Juice is clearly superior, both in product and customer service.
3	I love their juices, but those owners sure have a bit of an attitude. I keep going in though because the products at Inta Juice are great. My favorite is the matcha green tea with almond milk smoothie. Much better than Jamba Juice.My brother gets the one smoothie with chocolate and peanut butter and my niece gets this berry one. Both really like them.If you want wheat grass or juice and do not know that they stop serving it an hour prior to closing, just go ahead and order it. They will surely let you know that you need to read the little sign that says this better  (even if you have no idea about the sign's existence and don't know when they close so don't know when that hour is). Again, a bit of attitude.I just expect attitude now and am rarely disappointed given that my expectations are often met. Owners are, ironically, more rude than staff.
5	So, the original was from earlier this year, but was dated June b/c that is when I finally got around to writing it. This week, I was back in there twice. As a teacher, the store hours are completely inconvenient for me, so I am in there a lot in summer.First trip this week, 2 matcha green tea smoothie w almond milk. You can get a free supplement (or 2 in a 32 oz size), but I did not. Tasted good. Added spirulina to one of them at home and some more ice, but overall 5/5. Also, found something new this trip- ginger shots!! I got that with my wheat grass in a to go cup. Really good and great price. $1/oz for ginger a little more for wheat grass shots.Second trip this week was today- Green tea smoothie and an apple zinger *carrot, apple, spinach, ginger) Loved the juice! They did not skimp on the ginger. Also got a ginger shot and extra to take home and add into more juices and got wheat grass. For the amount I have to juice to get that much, it is worth it for me.Both times, the female owner was 8 of 10 nice level (to me). To the new girl working there, kind of impatient and demanding instead of helping, but then again, I see the world through teacher eyes and compare if that is ever how I would teach a student and base my reaction on that.Fresh local honey is on shelf, but at $15 I would rather get it at the Farmers Markets and get a different variety.I am not a Jamba Juice fan at all. The girls in there are like 12 and rude and slow. I prefer juice to smoothies anyway. The taste of these juices is sooo much better. I do want to try Nektar next time I am in that area.
5	Love it. That's all. Dan and I went here to grab a protein smoothie and use the amazing check in coupon for a free smoothie. I got the mango tango and he got the peanut butter and chocolate one... i forget but I tried is and it has an amazing peanut butter taste! My Tango Mango has watermelon in it and even though we got protein in it they didn't have the weird protein taste!Price is great. Lower than jamba and they have free supplements! But not all are free... had to remind the hubby since he went protein crazy. lol I would definitely go again and we 'll probably be addicted. Atmosphere: 5/5 nice and cleanPrice : 4/5Food: 5/5 yummy!
5	This place doesn't skimp.  You order juice and you get juice.  Not watered down.  Not iced down.  Pure, straight up, juice.  The prices are a value for what you get.  Great place for an after workout drink.
5	Inta Juice is the best smoothie place I have been too. There smoothies are always AMAZING! If you get the chance to stop by there it is a MUST! Tom and Anita are awesome and I have been going there whenever I get a chance for at least 4 years now. They always have seasonal smoothies and all their smoothies are great! Forget Jamba juice, get over to INTA JUICE!
5	I love this place. I come in here to get my veggies for the day. Usually get the extreme veggie! Staff always nice they even let me call and order in advance since I work far away. Super close to my house too.
