5	So we needed to fix up a couple of things on the roof per our home inspection when we bought the house. We had already asked for a quote from another company, but decided to get a second quote from Porter Roofing. Dennis Porter showed up when he said he would to do the roof inspection which was for free. He gave us a quote which was 55% less than what the other guys had quoted us. It was a huge difference for us so we decided to have them do the work. The workers arrived on time and did all the work professionally and were working the whole time on a hot summer day. When husband came home, he decided that he didn't like the way a strip of wood was placed under the edging of the roof just for aesthetic reasons so we called up Porter Roofing again and Randy the superintendent came over the very next day and let us know that he would get that fixed for us asap. The workers arrived again in a few days and fixed the issue. No extra charge. We will use Porter again in the future if needed. Few things you must know. When you call the office, if you get the office clerk, you might not get the same level of service from her as needed so best thing to do is go to their website and call Dennis on his cell phone directly. Randy the superintendent is very nice but is not good at calling you back to re-schedule etc. For example, he said he would call to let me know when the workers would show up again but he didn't. Either way, the workers showed up and the work was done but these are just a few things to keep in mind when dealing with them.
1	Brian of Porter Roofing gave me a bid after the hail storm in Phoenix.  I submitted his bid to my insurance company.  My insurance company hired an engineer to come and inspect my roof.  Brian PROMISED to be here at the appointed time when the engineer came.  And I talked to Brian only two hours before the appointment and he said he would be here.  Yet Brian did NOT even show up.  I called him twice while the engineer was here.  Had I known that he would not be here, I would have arranged for a representative from a different roofing company to be here.As a result of the negligence of Porter Roofing, I had NO roofing contractor here when the engineer hired by the insurance company was here.  UNFORGIVABLE.  If I could give zero stars I would.  I will probably re-roof whether the insurance company approves or denies, but this company will NOT get my business.  NOT recommended.
5	After purchasing a house we found out afterwards that our patio cover needed a new cover as well as we found out that our roof is leaking. We went through various vendors, one even said they had to rip the roof apart to see how deep the damage is. I then called Porter, they came out...said the same thing about the patio cover need replacing, but then also noted instantly what was wrong and causing the leak, without even having rip part of our roof apart. He took pictures of the area and said literally that there is no flashing and an area where he can see into the attic. He offered a very reasonable price that was lower then all the rest of the competitors and his knowledge on the subject was superior to the others we talked to. They came out, fixed and replaced all the pieces needed.  After the past few storms we had I went and checked for any water stains on the walls from where the leak was occurring didn't see any. Porter did a fantastic job.Overall: I recommend these guys to anyone who needs roofing completed. I will use again if anything should go wrong with the roof...ie plane hitting my house, or freak tornado.
1	They would not even bother calling me back about getting a quote. Had to call three times to see what the deal was. Receptionist was very nice but apparently Dennis is a bum. Can't attest to any work since I was apparently not worth calling back.
5	Fantastic customer service and a very knowledgeable staff.  Dennis is a pro in every sense of the word. He and the entire Porter Roofing team are top notch. Great service at a very competitive price and has been in business forever, so you know he will stand behind his work. I would trust him with my grandmother's roof!
5	Couldn't have been an easier or more positive experience! I was selling a house with some cracked roof tiles and the buyer required that I get them fixed by a licensed roofing contractor (which was annoying because I could have just hired a handyman). The first place I called (also highly rated on Yelp) quoted me $350-500...for 8-10 cracked tiles!! And I already had the tiles! They said it was mainly for the paperwork they would have to submit.I called Porter and spoke with Hannah. She gave me a call back with an estimate for $200 and a date when they could complete the work. I never even saw them. They went to the house, completed the job for the exact estimate and then Hanna called me to let me know they were emailing the invoice and proof of work to me. Here's the kicker: During the hectic process of selling the house, I forgot to pay them and didn't remember until I saw the invoice over two weeks later. No one had even called to pester me. I couldn't believe it. I paid the invoice and all is good.Great price, great service. Basically they did exactly what they said they would do for the exact amount they said it would cost. Sad that that is not the norm, but true and should be commended. I would highly recommend and will use them again if any issues arise in my new home. Thanks Hannah and Porter team!
1	I set an appointment and they forgot about me.  Sucks to wait and get blown off.  No call...nothing.
2	Pros: They were very courteous and professional on the phone and in person and arrived on-time to inspect our roof. Cons: We never received a quote. I called 5 days after our inspection and the person who answered the phone said she would look into it. Another week passed with no email or follow-up call, so I gave up and hired another company.
1	Called several times sometimes they answered the phone sometimes not; never called back. finally reached their office; able to get an estimate several days later. called again with questions, no response. called them 5 times! Office apologized and said the person would call, 4 days later still no response....time to move on. worst customer service and its consistent....dont know how this company stays in business...
5	Very pleased with the service. I had a very minor (non-emergency) roof repair needed and couldn't get others to even come out to look at it. Porter sent out an estimator, gave me a very reasonable rate, and was back within a week to do the job as scheduled/promised. The also inspected the rest of my roof and pronounced it satisfactory. I will definitely remember them!
5	we called another company and they told we had to replace the whole roof, We were just about to do that when a friend told us to call porter roofing. Dennis was very professional and told us that we only had to repair the damaged portion, he saved us about 8,000 because he told us the truth, and was not out to just take advantage of us like some companies that are just chasing the money
5	A few years ago I noticed that some trim on my house had water damage which meant that my tile roof wasn't working correctly.  I called three roofers (one of them has a Saturday morning AM radio show). Two said that the tile had to be removed and the underlayment replaced and then the tiles put back on. Porter came out and said that the valley that was originally installed wasn't up to the task of our infrequent but heavy rains. He suggested re-doing the valley and that's what we did. Problem solved.Last year I noticed some discoloring on my kitchen ceiling (uh-oh!).  I called one other roofer and Porter.  The other roofer said he'd have to remove the tiles, replace the underlayment and re-install the tiles.  Porter said the flashing around a skylight was the problem and should be re-done. A crew came out within a few days and fixed that problem but noticed another problem while they were up there and just went ahead and fixed it - no charge. My roof is eventually going to be replaced. I won't even bother getting other bids.
5	I had the roofs replaced on my apartment buildings by Porter Roofing in August 2014. I am incredibly impressed with the foam product they use and the team as a whole. Since they work diligently to protect everything in the area from over spray and thoroughly cleaned up after themselves each day with leaf blowers, they left my rental property much cleaner than they found it. The attention to detail and customer service was above and beyond any I have experienced in my many years of dealing with contractors in every industry. I am an unforgiving micro manager due to bad experiences with other contractors from all trades. I spent everyday at the apartments scrutinizing every step to make sure the families who live there were safe and minimally inconvenienced and that I was getting a job well done. The entire Porter Roofing team was very respectful and considerate to my tenants and neighbors, polite to everyone we encountered and displayed pleasant and generally happy attitudes even though they were spending 3-4 long days in the sun during a 108 degree week of August in Phoenix. I received 5 estimates from various roofing companies to decide what to do and who to use. Porter Roofing was the best value, the most informative and delivered the best customer service from the start. It has all made my experience pleasant enough for me to want to say THANK YOU! with my first Yelp review.
1	Man, I want to endorse these guys and didn't want to resort to social media. They were so good at the beginning.  I hired them in 2013 to reseal my roof because of good Angie's List reviews.  In early July 2014, we had a huge bedroom leak.  I called.  They very nicely indicated they'd fix it under warranty, and their guy would get back to me that afternoon to schedule.No call.  I call back.  Nice lady assures me of the same thing.  This has now happened twice more through the summer, with my stepson getting drenched in his room every time it rains and interior damage mounting.  I don't want to get a lawyer; I just want the roof they did to be fixed; I'll even eat the cost of the damage to the bedding, carpet, drywall, etc.  And pay for the work to prevent further damage and sleepless nights if needed.  I just need a response.  I'll even pay for someone else to do it, if they'll just tell me they won't do the repairs either under warranty or for any price.Cannot recommend them.
1	I wish I could give them 0 stars but the lowest I can give them is 1. They are TERRIBLE, HORRIBLE there isn't any other way to describe them. They are the WORST. In November/December they "fixed" the roof and there was a heavy rain in May and it started leaking, we called and they came for like 5 minutes and then left which supposedly there wasn't any issue. We called again and someone else came, very nice by the way and did some work; he said it should be fixed but if there was any problem to call them again. A a month later another heavy rain day and started leaking again so we called and someone came, they were here for 10 minutes and then left. In August, another heavy rain and it leaked again so we called them again and they came a few weeks later. They were here for like 10 to 15 minutes and left and a 7 days later another heavy rain and the roof continues to leak. We paid a separate company to do the drywall and it is all damaged now because of the terrible job this roofing company did. Avoid this company at all cost if you don't want to go through the same problems we are having.
1	I called three times before they finally came out to give me an estimate. Several weeks went by and I had to call to see when my job was scheduled. They had done nothing. A crew finally arrived and redid my walk out Roof deck. After the first monsoon rain the finish and all the new wood patchwork bled through the coating. It took another month and several phone calls for them to come back and fix the problem. Guess What! It rained again and the roof did the exact same thing. I have made three additional phone calls. I have not paid nor received any warranty. My last phone call I told them I had no intentions of paying, was calling the Better Business Bureau and hiring another company to fix what Porter Roofing had not been able to do. This all began in May 2014 and it is January 2015. Do not hire this company!
