1	This is the WORST JIFFY LUBE I have ever been to.  I have been theretwice and both times my oil leaked all over my garage floor due to failureto tighten the oil pan back up.  The second time I had a 18-inch leakall over my garage floor within 2 days of the oil change that was so severeI could not drive my car until emergency services came to my home totighten the oil pan and replace lost oil for fear of burning up myengine.I have had my car for years and always used Jiffy Lube for service, butnever again.  These techs are not supervised or are untrained to thepoint of ruining cars by failure to do their jobs right.  Beware.
1	Terrible! DO NOT go to this Jiffy Lube. 30 miles after leaving there location, I noticed my check engine light was on. As I was concerned about it, I went back. After one of the crew mates gave an excuse that the OBD reading was not syncing up, I attempted to connect it (worked fine). The OBD tool read an error with intake. We popped the hood to find a big tear in one of the air filter hoses.I drove from Salt Lake City Utah (about 900 miles) to Chandler AZ with no issues! 30 miles later after engaging business with Gus and Jiffy Lube all that is left is a bad memory with a 140.00 part that I had to pay. DO NOT DO BUSINESS with Jiffy Lube.
3	For a chain lube-and-go kind of place, this Jiffy Lube is not too bad.  It tends to be pretty slow (few to no other customers) which translates to fast service.  I brought my fiance's car here for a quick oil change in the middle of some errands, and my usual shop was too far away.  I pulled the car up, got in and went inside, and soon was fetched to go over the service options.  After I made my decisions, I left the car for about an hour to run off to an appointment.  They had no problem with my leaving the car until later, and I paid when I picked it up.  The waiting area is the usual.  A high TV, a coffee pot, and a restroom.  The restroom was actually impressively clean.  The guy at the counter was very friendly.  I have no complaints.That said, Jiffy Lube is still a chain and I still prefer the personal service I can get at my trusty auto-shop.
5	I went in for an oil change today, at about 1:00pm on a Saturday - very poor planning on my part. But the guys there did not give me any frustration about it at all; they told me my car would be done in about a half hour and they were true to their word. Nivaro was the name of the guy who helped me and he was awesome. He even washed my windows and my front windshield was absolutely disgusting. Some bird bombed my car really bad...no seriously it was bad. Anyway he cleaned it up for me and didn't complain at all. They were quick and gave excellent customer service. They even held the door for me and thanked me for coming in while another guy there pulled my car up for me. I will definitely be getting my oil changed there from now on!! I highly recommend this business and location.
1	They are rude tell you nothing and just leave you there. I need to drop off my car and no one talked to me for 20 mins they.
