5	This is the best group of doctors I have ever gone to. Our doctor is Michael Levin but we have also seen Dr. Marcy Kulic and Dr. Susan Lee. They are very thorough and always take their time. Their priority is definitely their patients. They are open 7 days a week for well and sick visits. One time when my daughter was sick, Dr.Levin personally called me on a Saturday to make sure she was doing ok. Another time, we thought my son had strep throat and Dr.Kulic called me at 6:30 p.m. on Sunday night to let us know that the test results from that afternoon came back positive and called in a prescription for the medication. They always remember the small details and provide excellent care. I would recommend them to anyone.
5	All doctors and staff are great! We see Dr. Levin normally and he takes the time to sit down with you and explain everything. You never feel rushed and I have never waited more than five minutes to be seen even on a same day sick visit.
5	Dr Levin and the entire staff are wonderful.  We have been going to Dr. Levin for years and he is very kind and takes time to listen and explain things.  They are open 7 days a week so on a day where Dr. Levin is not working the other Drs are great too.  Very happy here!
5	Took my 2.5 year old here after she showed signs of illness. Myself was diagnosed with pneumonia and I wanted to make sure my daughter didn't have it. We were trying to find a new pediatrician that's closer to our home, so I called them and they got her in the same day. We had a follow up a week later and seen two different pediatricians, not sure the names. But both were very nice, took the time to actually talk to me about my concerns. It wasn't like a in and out appointment that I've seen where they are just go go go. I didn't have to wait long at all, and they also let your child pick out a sweet toy before you leave! I highly recommend this office.
1	I've been taking my kids here for years and never really happy with them.  Misdiagnosis of a rash on my son, was told he was fine and a few days later he was in the hospital for 3 days.  Now this summer I was told the doctors are only working half days.  Really???  Right before school when kids need physicals and shots and the doctors can't find the time to even come into the office?  Time to look for a new doctor.
