5	A hole-in-the-wall joint on Verona's main drag, Dragon City serves the town (and employees of the giant nearby software corporation) quickly, deliciously, and inexpensively.  As a former employee of the aforementioned software company, Dragon City was worth at least a weekly trip, two if it was a particularly rough week and late work nights and hunger pangs sent me on an evening food run or two.  Now that I no longer live in the Madison area, I sometimes find myself craving their sesame chicken and vegetable egg rolls, and the exceptionally low price of $4.25 for their lunch specials.  Where on earth can you get a full meal (or two if you're a light eater) of coma-inducing Chinese food?  While I admit that if I were to search hard enough, I'd find somewhere in Houston that has similar prices and food, there are so many Chinese food restaurants that it'd be a lengthy search indeed.  Dragon City required absolutely no effort to find, so while the food is four-star worthy (I love fried rice, and theirs is pretty mediocre), I added one for convenience.  Call your order in and it's ready to go in 10 minutes. Take 20 minutes to eat, and then spend the next four hours trying to be productive while every ounce of energy your body can muster is working against your ambition to put you into the deepest of slumbers.  I also shouldn't fail to mention that the staff are very friendly, and had a pretty good idea of what I'd be ordering when they heard my voice on the phone or saw me come through the door.  If I ever find myself in the Madison area again, I certainly won't skip on a lunch special at Dragon City.
3	For fast food Chinese this place is really quite good.  They don't skimp on the chicken like some places do and the flavors are pretty good.  Always hot and totally inexpensive.  I give 4 stars because I think the flavor could be better on some dishes.Went back recently.   Food flavor was not as good as in the past.  I've had much better Chinese food from other places over the past two years.   We hardly go here anymore.   I lower them 1 star to three now as it is ok in a pinch.
3	Good hot sour soup and eggrolls.  I did not care for the style of chicken in the cashew chicken, it was fried and either breaded or with skin.  Tons of cashews, which is refreshing as most places like to skimp.  They pack in a lot of food with a side of pork fried rice.I would try again with one of their 'healthy' dishes or all veggie dishes.
4	If you're looking for "real" Chinese food, best go elsewhere.  That aside, this is one of my favorite joints for good "American" Chinese.The place isn't large, more or less a hole in the wall.  The staff is pretty friendly and is quick to get your food ready when it's not busy.  However, they do struggle to keep up with a number of customers when it's busier. Be prepared to wait a while (never more than 30 min).  Decor is complete with the manager's daughter and her TV. Fun!  Don't expect to bring larger groups here, as the place seats 20 at the most, and even then, it's a squeeze.The food is pretty good and is consistently so.  Have been there 10+ times and never disappointed.  You can expect plenty of sauce on your giant amount of chicken/beef/whatever with a solid side of rice (white or fried, your choice).  Lunch specials are hard to pass up at a whopping $5.01 for a drink and a hefty helping of whatever you ordered.  Don't see what you want on the lunch menu?  No problem - just ask them for it, they've been happy to comply.We've also done dinner for a group before and the amount of food we got was massive.  The bag alone weighed close to 15 lbs.  Worth a try!
4	I've gotten a few dishes from here over the last few years and the food is WAY better than Chiang Jiang, the other Verona chinese joint, but Dragon City doesn't deliver. It's too bad too, because I'd order exclusively from them if they did - what was it Jim Gaffigan said - I really like your food, just not enough to come down there and get it?
1	I'm amazed that this place has gotten good reviews.It is absolute crap.Do not bother wasting your money on this food it is extremely disappointing.  I guess if you want decent Chinese food you need to drive 2-3 hours to the Chicagoland area where even the worst place would be better than this.sigh...
1	As an Asian, I like to try Asian food restaurant first every where I go.I went there to have lunch the first time I arrived in Verona for a week of work.I ordered a stir fry rice noodles, she was rude and the beef tasted weird,  I believe its spoiled or far from fresh. and the noodle was tasteless, trust me, I m not a picky person, I never finished half of the plate. terrible. I hope they improve !!
2	Im From NYC This place was definitely subpar.
4	I agree with Matt Z.  The food is definitely Chinese American, but it well done Chinese American.  The food comes hot and there is plenty of it.  Very good value.
1	I had a lunch menu here a couple of months ago.  Not impressed, as a matter of fact recommend staying away.  But reading reviews, people are speaking better of the place.  May have to give it a second chance.  1 star until I can eat there again.  Prices very affordable!
2	I like to judge a chinese restaurant by their shrimp fried rice.  It tells me how good their chef is with flavor, how fresh the ingredients are since it is seafood, and how powerful the wok is to get that nice finish for the fried rice.The shrimp was mushy and old, the rice was not flavorful.  Second time I've come here.  I was not impressed the first time around, and definitely not impressed this time when I tried to give it another chance.  Too bad, damn...
4	Finally! A great Chinese lunch spot. It's got that cozy / dive feel but the food is fresh and tasty. I love eating here.
2	Didn't care for this place during my last visit. I ordered the beef fried rice and it didn't have any flavor. Also, I needed an itemized receipt to expense the purchase and couldn't get it.
