5	This is a beautiful theatre with a gorgeous glass front which is great for watching the world go buy while having a coffee.I have fond memories of coming to this theatre to see the ballet since I was very young. I rather distinctly remember on my 9th birthday vomiting on the stairs during a performance of Cinderella. Ahh memories.But this theatre really is lovely. Its the sort of theatre that you get a little dressed up to go to, like people used to do back in the day. I was lucky enough to see a stunning performance of the Nutcracker here in January, which obviously is mostly attributed to Scottish Ballet but the theatre played a huge role also. Everything from the sound to the lighting was fantastic and it really was a magical evening. There is a number of bars for you to have a quick tipple during the interval, but you have to be quick out your seat because it gets very busy fast. Tickets can be expensive, but it really attracts some of the better quality shows so it is worth it and it really makes for a nice evening out.
2	I recently went to see an adaptation of One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest acted out via breakdancing here, and couldn't rate the show highly enough. In fact, the only reason I'm giving this as many as 2 stars is because of the big-name acts that this place attracts.The venue however, was a different story. I'm definitely on the tall side as far as girls go, and to say I struggled with the lack of leg-room would be an understatement - it's hard to relax and enjoy the performance you've paid so much for when you'd have been more comfortable on a budget airline flight. I really pity tall blokes who have to endure sitting in this auditorium for the duration of a show.Not surprisingly, by the time the interval came I was in need of a drink, but this turned out to be a really bad decision. Anyone who has ever wondered how it's possible to screw up a glass of white wine should order one at the bar in the Festival Theatre: warm, over-priced and more importantly cloudy...?! When I asked for a replacement I was told that there was nothing wrong with it, and if I wanted to I could buy another one and hope that it would be different.Funnily enough I didn't.
4	From my experience of seeing Ricky Gervais' Fame tour here, I found the Festival Theatre to be satisfying place to watch his stand up show.Ok, the bars are rammed at the intervals, but they always are in theatres.  The seating was fine with no obvious focus on comfort, but nonetheless didn't restrict the blood flow to my derriere after a the 2 hour performance. The big glass facade is great too, adding to the grand style of the building.
4	From the outside, this place looks really modern and welcoming. But it's somewhat aged on the inside! I was so surprised when I came in - the huge glass front always made it look so cool. Glass has a tendency of doing that!Don't get me wrong, it's not bad inside the theatre  -  far from it - but I suppose I was expecting leather recliners and cupholders. It's not a cinema, Emily.They always attract great plays and shows too. I came to see Peter Pan here once and it was brilliant! They do have a niche market sometimes though, things like Stomp and Bach concerto's are common. If you're into that then great! But I'm more of a tinkerbell kinda gal
4	The Festival Theatre is a striking piece of design, with its startling, in a good way, glass exterior, and its prominent position on the always busy Clerk Street. Anywhere that lets in loads of light, and therefore brightness, is always a pretty pleasant place to be, and seeing a show here, in very modern surroundings, is a nice change from the traditional theatre experience. Not that I'm knocking more traditional venues like the Playhouse, I like them too. I like all theatres, any shape and size, they're all welcome in my life...well unless all the shows they have to offer are rubbish, then they're not so welcome.Anyway, the Festival Theatre attracts some great productions, whether it's music, dance, comedy, ballet, opera or musicals that do it for you, The theatre has the largest performing area in Scotland, and is the main hub for Scottish ballet and opera.
5	A glass fronted behemoth that is surprisingly not as modern as it first appears, The Festival Theatre is one of the city's largest, and showcases all manner of performances from mainstream theatre to comedy and some more obscure stuff. Thankfully it never descends into the tampon-munching, over acted thespian oddness that often sees deluded luvvies up on stage pretending to be a cloud or something equally as pointless, but instead just coming across as a twat. And you can even nip just a few doors down to City Restaurant afterwards for a life-shortening haggis supper. If that's not a good evening out, then I don't know what is.
5	Oh, swoon.Although the stage is not as large as the outside of the building would suggest, the inside is just simply a fairytale. I went here a couple of weeks ago on a date and I must say that I was duly impressed.For such purposes, boys beware: if the girl likes theatre, dance, or orchestra, this is your venue. The inside is done in a very remodelled 18th century Renaissance style, something that works surprisingly well, even despite the obvious breach between the modernity of the outside and the beautiful inside.The one thing that really made my night special is that everyone seemed to dress up for the ballet itself. Something I can really appreciate. It turns an evening into an event and it was just very lovely and atmospheric.I'll be coming back again and again, specifically for the ballet, as that is one of my favourites. Though, long-legged creatures beware, it can be a bit uncomfortable if you're wearing high heels and have long legs as the chairs are a wee bit tiny. But then again, if you've read any of my other reviews, you'll know that I've got issues with chairs!
4	The Festival Theatre had a hard act to follow. Four nights previously I'd been at the Lyceum Theatre (I'm right cultured me) and was really in awe of the gorgeous, old world interior (full review here: http://www.yelp.co.uk/biz/royal-lyceum-theatre-edinburgh#hrid:HO1uJjgeG6jbLCqsZnB9Tg/src:self )The Festival Theatre is more central, and takes up a grand space on Nicholson Street. The large glass-walled exterior is quite eye-catching and they make good use of this with large drape-posters of the shows they have on.And I have to admit the shows are impressive. The Scottish Ballet, major UK-wide touring productions such as the King and I. I went here to see Swallows & Amazons (me and about 50 small children under the age of 10, go figure). And whilst the interior wasn't quite as mind-blowingly gorgeous as the aforementioned theatre, with 70s-tastic plastic / glass chandeliers (I'm sorry, the Lyceum Theatre chandelier really stole the show) it is still a really great sized theatre that shows great shows.Like much of Edinburgh, it's old and retains the older features for charm but perhaps not comfort. Rickety older wooden chairs that even my smaller derrier found a tad uncomfy. And oh how I've gotten used to drinks holders attached to seats. So just come prepared. But the old-school people-with-trays selling ice creams at intervals more than makes up for it. I can imagine in sold out events, it gets really warm in here, just a word of warning.I can't wait for the next musical they'll be showing. It's a bit dusty and musty but the perfect setting for seeing some fantastic live theatre or dance.
4	I am a massive theatre fan and would always encourage folks to go, this review is from the point that I would want the theatre to pull its socks up a little to offer the best it can and have the house full to capacity every night. I went to see the snowman with my family and niece and nephew, the show was a delight and the flying sequences magical.The show aside I was very fidgety by the seats not being comfortable and also thread bare and frame work poking through.  The kings theatre have recently tastefully redone their seats with a wider, more roomy seat with sticks to the original design but modern, I think the festival theatre would be 100 times better if it looked at a similar option. I am a realist and I know that costs money, but long term you want people to remember how good a show was, not how uncomfy the seats were!The theatre itself is great and an asset to Edinburgh.
3	I actually went to see a full screening here to mark the end of the Edinburgh International Film Festival. Lovely theatre and great and friendly welcome but inside the theatre was absolutely freezing!
4	I often walked by the modern glass exterior of the Festival Theatre and wondered what the interior would be like. How much of the original Victorian grandeur remained inside?  My personal interest is heightened by the fact that David Bowie's Ziggy Stardust visited here back in 1973 when it was the Empire Theatre.The opportunity arose for me to have a visit with some other Yelpers to see Robin Cousins - Ice show... I'll review that bit later.First.. the theatre itself. The modern exterior/entrance is very sympathetically done and blends (well, contrasts but pleasantly) with the surrounding buildings and the older parts of the theatre.Once inside and into the older part of the building you're greeted by the Victorian splendour you'd expect of what was once called the empire Theatre. Red carpets, fancy ornate gold decorations in abundance.  It's great these lovely old buildings survive and still get used for the purpose they were designed.I was a bit puzzled by how an ice dance show would fit in the space.  The stage isn't huge and seemed quite small once the whole cast of skaters were swirling about inches from each other at alarming speeds.The show itself  was a mix of balletic and modern dance.. on ice!  With the athleticism, strength and stamina of the performers leaving you open mouthed on many occasions.Some cute/unexpected musical motifs as well as some quite cheesy ones.  A few bits of humour, some stunning tricks and excellent lighting effects kept everyone entertained. It's not something I'd ever seen before, I don't even watch the dancing on ice TV shows so I wasn't expecting to be blown away but I was intrigued.  The show is designed to appeal to people who really like that whole genre but it's also rather spectacular and even for a non fan like me did leave me going "blimey!" several times.If you like Ice dance shows, you'll love it.  If you like grand old theatres you'll love the Festival Theatre.
5	This is a review for a performance I saw there, it's moved on now, but they are touring and if you get the chance - go and see it! INSTITUTEGeckoFri 24 & Sat 25 October 2014 Festival Theatre7.30pmMulti-award winning physical dance theatre company Gecko, made their debut visit to the Festival Theatre with an intimate, amusing and enlightening examination of what it means to care. Gecko's performance 'Institute' is their sixth piece in ten years. Gecko have established a good reputation for generating visual, intuitive and motivated theatre. The company's artistic director Amit Lahav is also the director, co-designer and one of the performers of this four man creative and powerfully physical performance. Having spending two years investigating the concept of care with various people, Lahav selected a team of inspirational support workers, artist and carers to discuss care and nurture, the ideas of which created 75 minutes of thought provoking, appealing and captivating physical theatre. As Amit Lahav delved into this exploration, he asked, "When the time comes, will anyone really care?"After leaving the auditorium I felt I had observed something very complex with multiple layers of intricate connotations. I could not begin to understand it all. Gecko had created a white canvas to allow patrons to superimpose their own interpretation of the story. Martin (Amit Lahav) and Daniel (Chris Evans) were mental hospital patients enduring treatment from French psychologist Louis (Francois Testory) and his German assistant, Karl (Ryen Perkins-Gagnes). However, none of this is entirely clear during the performance. Institute explores personal relationships, ones natural impulse to care and dependence on one another. We follow the journey of love-struck Martin reminiscing over his past relationship with Margaret, unable to deal with rejection, while award-winning architect Daniel is plagued by a project that never came to fruition. Martin and Daniel establish a supportive relationship for on another through tender and hypnotic choreography.Chris Swain's dim lighting and Rhys Jarman's smoky set (both with Lahav's input) creates an atmospheric visual explosion. Rows of over-sized filing cabinets towering over the performers could represent either an office or psychiatric institution. File drawers open to reveal haunted memories and secrets, which are in turn locked and compartmentalised or pulled out and transformed into surprisingly versatile mini-sets. This along with a marvelous soundtrack, sound design by Nathan Johnson and music by Dave Price, some of which is partially created by the performers themselves producing primal grunts and sighs during their choreography makes for a captivating, heart-wrenching and dramatic performance theatre. Primarily the plot is rife with suffering and emotional struggles, yet there are moments of delightful humour, such as in an opening scene where a Martin is having a romantic meal with Margaret, symbolised solely by a pair of hands. However Martin's mental stability soon decays, as we see him transformed into a human puppet. Long wooden crutches are attached to his limbs and operated by the other performers/carers, demonstrating his loss of control and internal resistance to accept support.The performance was mesmerising and filled with energy and emotion, so much so, that the audience could not fail to enjoy the visual excitement before them. It does not matter if you understand it all, it's very accessible, just take from it what you will. Genuinely highly recommended, memories of the performance will be everlasting.
5	I've here a few times now and I was luckily enough to behind the scenes on stage with college once, which was really interesting and cool.Love this theatre as much as any other.  Toilets can easily get busy before the performance, during the interval and after.Seats are comfotable if you get up during the interval otherwise it will become uncomforatable.Like Cressida says it doesn't feel crowded even when it's full and has wonderful art nouveau features.
