3	I used to love going to Albuquerque Tortilla Company on 15th Ave. and Hatcher and I miss it, but today for lunch some coworkers and I tried the new restaurant to take it's place: La 15 Y Salsas. As you might imagine... they offer at least 15 salsas to top your burritos or tacos. I tried at least seven of them between dipping the complimentary chips made in-house from house-made tortillas (the owner owns a tortillaria too) and topping my breakfast burrito. My breakfast burrito was HUGE (See pictures) and was only $3.99... That was the regular! I can't imagine what the "mega" ($5.49) looks like!! 2 things about this place: 1.) If your going to go to an order-a-burrito-at-a-counter place, this place fits the bill and it's locally owned an operated with homemade salsas and fresh tortillas handmade with your order! 2.) They use a lot of black pepper here. If you don't like black pepper, I'm pretty sure you won't like it; but, I like black pepper and I look forward to trying the chicken tacos sometime...
4	Traditional Oaxacan cuisine including: mole, quesillo and chapulines (grasshoppers) -- or, just get a burrito! ;)I had the emoladas which is basically a rolled enchilada (I had chicken) in mole sauce. The mole sauce was not overtly spicy. It had a nice, rich chocolate flavor. The quality of the chicken (all white meat) was good. You order at the counter and they deliver the food to your table.
5	This place is absolutely fantastic.  The ingredients are so fresh and high-quality that its unbelievable.  The quesadillas, tacos, burritos, mole, everything is incredible.  You cannot go wrong with this place.  Whatever the meat you get it is going to be fantastic and their salsas are wonderful too.
4	OUTSTANDING OAXACA  IN PHOENIX!The only problem is if you don't know your Memelitas from your Enmoladas ordering is bit difficult but not impossible.We walked in and they have a menu board with pictures I really didn't know what I wanted because I didn't know what many of the plates were. So before I had that deer look in the head lights for too long I said I'd like something chicken with mole and the woman behind the counter said oh you want Mole Negro Con Arroz and pointed to a sign. I said, yes thank you that sounds good.My husband said, "what would you recommend?" She told him about Memelitas and Enmoladas. I think they were similar but one was topped with a dark bean sauce and the other is topped with the dark mole.For beverages they offer mostly Mexican Beverages and a few sodas but nothing is sugar free and there wasn't iced tea.We seat ourselves and and soon bunches of things arrive. We received HOT Fresh Made Corn tortillas, a trio of salsas , chips and our two entrees.The salsas were UNLIKE any other salsas I had anywhere else. We received a tasty tomatillo, a refreshing creamy avocado and the most interesting salsa was the Chili de Arbol (it's a Mexican bird's beak chili)  that also was the most spicy , smokey but not too smokey unlike your normal smokey sauce and it almost was creamy.I received a very carefully cooked seasoned chicken leg that was falling off the bone moist.  But the skin was a throw away as is was moist and melting off.  The Mole sauce that blanketed the chicken was  the most well balanced mole sauce I ever had and that's why that sauce was delicious. A bit spicy, not too much chocolate, all the spices and ingredients carefully blended so you couldn't tell them apart.  My rice was fluffy moist and fresh, it tasted like it was cooked in house made chicken stock.I'm not really sure if my husband received the Memelitas or the Enmoladas but what he received were shredded white meat chicken and cheese in folded corn tortillas that was topped with the same dark mole sauce. He said the chicken was moist and good.They sell some Oaxaca Goods in the restaurant.Very very good 4.5 Stars
4	I have had one lunch here, but I was so impressed that I want to give a supporting review right away so that they stay in business.It is in a nondescript strip mall in Sunnyslope.  I probably wouldn't have tried it except for some good reviews I read.  Inside, it is much nicer than I had expected, although more authentic, casual Mexican than anything upscale.I went here specifically for the mole negro, one of my favorite dishes.  I got the one with three enchiladas, stuffed with chicken, smothered in mole. I believe it's called enmolado.   Very generous amount of mole, filling the plate, double the amount of mole I have ever gotten in any other restaurant.  It was delicious, filled with generous chicken, overflowing with mole negro sauce.  The owner/proprietor came out to see how I liked it and brought me a free serving of smooth guacamole.  Her son came out later with a free agua fresca drink made from some tropical fruit I don't know.  They just want to be friendly and to have you like their restaurant and food.  This is definitely a small, neighborhood,  mom & son-run authentic Mexican restaurant, specializing in Oaxacan cuisine, and I use the word "cuisine" deliberately.Ordering at the counter is a bit challenging because there are a lot of dishes listed on the overhead board that you don't find in the usual Mexican restaurant, and the sweet woman who owns and runs the place has adequate but not too strong English.  The effort is well worth it, and they do have a printed menu available that you could just take to your table.I was the only customer late in the day, so very quiet.  There was a tv on in the corner with a Spanish-language show, but so low that I wasn't really aware of it.In addition to the very warm, friendly service and pleasant atmosphere, the menu lists a large number of Oaxacan dishes that are new to me.  This is not your typical Mexican restaurant; it is not your typical menu, although you will find some familiar items.  There is much to explore if your are a foodie, and based on my one experience, well worth it.  I would have the mole dishes every week, if I could.  I am returning there in two days for lunch and bringing two new converts to Oaxacan cuisine.  And I need to add that the prices are very reasonable.
4	Good food from southern Mexico.  It's not your uncle's Mexican food.  Order at the counter, and then table service.  Relaxed atmosphere, including outdoor seating --but on hard benches.  I've gotta say "authentic," even though it was 40+ years ago that I was in Oaxaca.  A beer & wine license is "coming soon."
5	Holy mole! La 15 is Oaxacan heaven. Food is generous and wonderful, Ricardo is helpful and friendly, and the horchata comes in a pitcher with a straw. "This place is a keeper," exclaimed my lunch buddy. We eat around the valley at least weekly and seldom return to the same place twice, so this was high praise indeed, seconded by me. Can't wait to try more delicious dishes here.
5	Had an amazing lunch there with the wife. This is not sonoran mexican cuisine but a totally rich deep flavored authentic that takes serious skill and patience. The best mole of my life.
5	The 3 salsas served with the chips are incredible.
5	Muy bueno!  Damn the salsa is hot though!  Deserts look really yummy, very moist cake, getting one to go.update:  had the cake when we got home, it was fantastic!  Seriously pissed the wife off though when I questioned how much of it she was eating.
5	This place is awesome, I d love to keep it to myself and not see it ever get crazy busy.  But I want to see these owners do great! These owners are committed to real authentic Mexican food and service.  This is what Mexican food should be!! I wish all Americanized Mexican restaurant would go out of business and we would go back to this.  Bravo La 15 y salsas!!
2	My personal opinion was it was a bad place to eat. The bill was high priced. The food was very greasy and my burrito had greasy meat with no flavor rice. The salsa and the cokes were the only good parts of the restaurant.
3	Well, a disappointment. Two of us had the traditional Oaxacan tortillas w chorizo and thought they were pretty bland and uninteresting. Maybe it's just not my favorite regional cuisine.
5	This is the best Mexican restaurant in the Phoenix area.  I go there for lunch at least twice a week and the staff is always friendly and the food is consistently outstanding.  I love good Oaxacan food and this is absolutely excellent.  I have never had a meal that was less than awesome and I've sampled quite a lot of the menu.
5	It took me 5 years to notice that there was a restaurant here, it was hidden in plain sight! Love it! Can't wait to go back.
5	This place is way too yummy! Super flavorful! We have tried just about everything on the menu and enjoyed it all. If you're looking for the flavors of most typical Mexican restaurants in the Valley, this probably won't be your kind of place. Runny black beans flavored with anise, firm shredded Oaxacan cheeses, spicy salsas, bold and unique moles (some more bitter and others sweeter), charred tlayudas, and even some household favorites of mine such as enfrijoladas and entomatadas. Our latest creation is french fries smothered in mole and topped with shredded queso oaxaca (not on the menu, but can be special ordered). Soooo addictive and great prices too! The only downside that I can possibly think of is that it can get a bit toasty inside, but definitely worth a try!
