3	Tiny Mexican hole in the wall I found while looking for a different restaurant. The menu is brief - ten items.  When I was there, it was one bearded not very Mexican guy taking the orders and making the food. Every table has its own selection of hot sauces and little pots of seasonings.  I'm incredibly curious about this little restaurant. The decor is a mix of tiki hut, Mexican flags, Frida Kahlo art, paper lanterns, random movie posters and laminated pictures from the menu. They also have a selection of Mexican candies and beverages.I had the enchiladas with mole sauce and they were good - I'm no mole expert but in my limited experience I felt that the sauce was a good example of Mole.  The kitchen is very tiny and I'm thinking that most everything they serve is reheated in a microwave but I also realize that this is probably the case in many situations where the kitchen is not visible.  All in all a neat little experience and I would go again.
2	Nothing exciting. Tasteless guacamole. Would have expected more flavour in a Mexican restaurant.
5	Hole in the wall, ghetto, kitchy.It's cheap, It's amazing taste, that's five stars, the rest is unimportant. Yes decor is crap and the place is a bit sketch, but it's very kind service with a smile. It's real mexican food well made.I stopped in, and almost walked out, it's quite dark in there. But I was craving mexican food so I looked at the menu.item number 7, chicken enchilada with mole sauce, sold. I'm a sucker for mole sauce. This one taste like some old grandma came down the mountains to make it special. The mole sauce was perfect, this is what's it's supposed to taste like.It comes with rice and side salad, the food is fresh, surprising since the place does not look fresh... lol.True to my motto, I don't grade on service, cleanliness or decor, only the food. And the food here really shines. And the lady is real nice, she brought me some nachos with salsa to eat while i waited for my takeout. The salsa was fresh tangy and spicy, real nice.Eating good in the neighborhood, BAM!
3	Being true to my Mexican self I have to admit the majority of the food is far from authentic. That said, I've come back several times. Reasons being:1.) it's a few blocks from my place2.) while not authentic it is tasty3.) it's usually run by a small Chinese lady with whom I practice my Chinese4.) it's fresh and inexpensive!and most importantly5.) they sell authentic spicy Mexican candy!In all, if you're on the block and your only other options are McDonald's, Mikes, or pizza go here
5	What can I say, I love mexican food. This place epitomises everything I like about it. It is kitschy, cozy and a bit on the simple side, but the food is made with love and the accompaniments and sauces are generous. I came here with my friend who is on a first name basis with the owners, who by the way are absolutely lovely.We ordered the mole enchiladas and my god that mole sauce!! I am now in a bit of a Catch 22 as I think I ordered one of the better items on the menu the first time I went to this place (or at least I can't see how the others could conceivably be better) which means I will probably be ordering this every time, and committing a foodie cardinal sin by not trying other things.... but you only live once and I think I need that mole sauce in my life.
1	After reading mostly affirmative reviews, I must of been pretty high in the coocoo's nest when I ate there! Okay, possibly the service could be entitled to a three star stamp. I had the Mole and Chicken Enchilada. The poultry was desiccated and the corn tortilla was eloquently not house made nor fresh. My partner's dish came out of the microwave. I will go back to make a clearer assessment because the disparity margin is quite large between my review and everybody else's.
1	I was recommended by my Mexican friend. I was so eager to go there.My first impression, I was surprise that an Asian lady was the owner.I ordered the pulled pork/orange sauce taco.My table was beside the counter so I could hear my plate coming straight from the microwave. My dish was so horrible!! The pork was dry. I tried to put some lemon juice or hot sauce but nothing would make my dish taste better.It's was hard for me to swallow and the warm water straight from the sink didn't help either.I will never go back. I was surprise that I didn't get sick. It's too bad that we can't rated 0 star.
