5	Wonderfully decorated bar with comfortable seats and great bar food. Pleasant staff and good choice of drinks. A winner.
3	Not a bad place. Atmosphere modern in an old building, though for such a big place I expected more selections beer, especially local. The staff seemed overworked even on a cold, rainy Friday evening that didn't seem that busy. The staff wasn't terribly friendly when I asked about items on the menu. Overall, nice place, though.
3	This bar in Leith (not to be confused with The Cameo cinema in Tollcross) is a nice little bar near the Shore.  I've been in a couple of times, and it proved to be a nice place to spend some time in.  Whilst not particularly stand-out in the food stakes, it was still a nice hour or so.The last time I went, I was with a group of around 10 others, and were able to be accommodated without too much fuss, with tables located near the kitchen.  Truth be told, I can't remember what I ordered, which is maybe more a reflection on the food rather than my memory.If you want a quiet drink, or somewhere to watch the big game, I would suggest you give Cameo Bar a go.  Who knows, you might find it to be more remarkable than I did.
3	A solid choice for watching football or just  a pub bite to eat if your looking for cheap and cheerful.Friendly staff and a good selection of beers make this a afvourite place for lads keen to watch the footy/rugby or other sporting event.Was pleased to see them recently introduce Brunch at weekends and while the food is by no means fantastic it reflects the price and does the job!All in this place delivers what they set out to do and do it reasonably well.
3	Cosy Sports Bar with TVs. Yup that is about it, Tennis, Rugby, Soccer, Formula 1 - all to be watched here. There is a front bar and back end bar on different levels - the back end bar has a backdoor leading to a patio where you can smoke.It does seem that nearly all seating is arranged so you can watch sport on 1 or even 2 screens of various sizes. Clientele is a mix between locals, sport fanatics & students. The atmophere is jovial, loud and welcoming, you can always strike up a converstation.Service is slow. The drink prices are reasonable and there is a decent choice. They have Beer & Curry  or Beer & Burger deals every so often - which isn't something I'd go for in any bar / pub - but tried it once and it was OK. This is a pub serving 'pub grub' but they are trying hard to be a little more varied in their offerings, but they do burgers, steak and chips best.I did not see actual outside seating and the smoking patio is not a sun trap, but I understand that they are not stopping you to sit on the green grassy public space when it is a warm day with your drink..
3	i don't have loads to say about Cameo Bar as unfortunately i only made a short stop here before the group i was with decided where to go next.  however, it was totally A-OK.  has all the usual spirits so i was quite happy with my G&T, the price was reasonable, and there was loads of seating.  i did feel that the bar lacked a bit of atmosphere, especially for a saturday night as it was fairly quiet so this sort of took away from the party feel the group had.  in fact the bright lights and quiet surroundings made me realise how tired i was and i headed home after my drink here... so possibly a lack of atmosphere can be a good thing after too many drinks on a night out!that said, this bar is perfectly acceptable and if i was ever looking for a quiet place to grab a quick drink i'd happily return here.  however, with bars like bond no 9 to compete with at the shore, i think Cameo Bar could do with a bit of livening up!
