1	If I could give 0 stars, I would.  Terrible salesmen.  They are the type that hold your keys until you buy a car from them.  Ended up buying the car, but will not do business with them or any other car dealer again.
5	I recently needed to buy an economical car as a third vehicle in our household for my mother-in-law to drive.  After doing research online, we decided to shop for a Mazda3 5 door.  At first we went to another Mazda dealer in Mesa who also sells Fords, but did not like the way we were treated.  When we went to CardinaleWay Mazda, we were treated with respect and one of the managers, Greg Limbeck helped us figure out how to register and insure the vehicle so that it was OK for me to buy it, and my M-I-L to drive it.  Here's the real kicker, we bought the car on Saturday and the following Tuesday Greg called and asked us if we would get upset if the financing was lowered from 8% to 6% APR... We went back to the dealership and it was no trick, the APR was reduced and we were able to shorten the contract terms with very little increase in payment.  Plus they were able to finance and register the car with my M-I-L on all the docs so that the insurance is easier than last time.  All in all, CardinaleWay Mazda treated us better than when we bought our last vehicle, a new Cadillac at another dealership and it has been the best car buying experience we have had in a long, long time.
1	I agree with jj b.... These guys are like hawks just waiting to come up and swoop up their prey. I made the mistake of going here without my dad it at least a male figure to help me out and whatdya know? The pretty much screwed me. I have had nothing but problems with these guys    and I can't even begin to tell you the crap we are going through right now as our transmission has gone kaput. The service techs try as they can to be nice and friendly, which they are, but still money hungry!I really wish I could say I was happy with this place cuz I doo love mazda vehicles...but honestly I would get out as fast as I could!
1	Not only did I receive poor service when I bought my car about two years ago, but they still call me and send me stuff in the mail.  I had a salesman call me a few months ago and leave me a message so I called back and left a message for him to call me back.  He called back and I politely asked him to take me off their calling list and told him about my buying experience.  He apologized and explained that they don't do those shady business practices anymore and asked me to come in for just 20 minutes (so that he could try to convince me to trade in my car).  I told him again I wasn't interested in buying ANY car from anyone right now as my current one meets my needs and told him again to take me off the calling list.They sent me a birthday card and called me on my birthday and asked me to call back (again probably to try to get me to come in and buy another car).  I finally recorded a voice mail for them explaining my poor experience and saying that I would be calling a lawyer if they called again.  They didn't leave a message that time and I haven't heard from them yet.These people are seriously desperate to take advantage of anyone and must think the previous buyers are dumb enough to buy from them again.    I hope they go out of business soon.
1	Horrible HORRIBLE horrible. If I could write 10,000 ZERO star reviews on this dealership I would.Why did I go here, despite the two bad reviews? Because they were the only dealership in the valley that had the cars I wanted--or so I thought. I had been in correspondence with a salesman, Daniel Maria, for about two weeks. We set up an appointment for tonight to look at the two cars we were interested in. I'd been watching the website and talking to Daniel every day for the past two weeks, and the cars were listed.When I arrived tonight at 7pm for my meeting with Daniel, for which he said he would have the cars waiting out front, he couldn't be found. Another employee tried to find him but couldn't. We finally stumbled upon him and his greeting? "Oh, so sorry. The car you were looking for sold yesterday."Yesterday? YESTERDAY?! I spoke to him yesterday evening. According to him, yesterday the cars still were on the lot.The other car? Oh, it didn't exist. They couldn't find it. Wasn't on the lot.Their excuse? "Daniel is an internet sales guy. They only go off of the webpage." Why would you have somebody working for you that doesn't keep up with your inventory? And why don't you keep the website current with the inventory?And then they tried to sell me a sedan. I want a hatchback. I know why I want a hatchback. I've looked heavily and know what I want. And then they try to sell me a car that was of a different (and discontinued) make.STAY AWAY.
1	I dont even like the fact that I had to give them 1 star. To make a long story short. 1. buy car.2. they agree to fix things on car but need to order parts should be done in a week. 3. week comes and goes and another and another and another all while i am making calls asking where everything is. i constantly get the "we will have it shortly"4. FINALLY after a month and a half, i take the car in and guess what...THEY DONT HAVE THE RIGHT PARTS!!!! 5. get fed up speak to GM, yup the big guy6. he works out a great deal, i take loaner car for a week while they work on car and they will have it delivered to my house (BTW: I live an hour and a half away)7. get car after a week and, there are added scratches, bumper looks same as before and paint job looks like it was done with nailpolish! Staff sucks. I had someone walk away from me as I was talking to them. I had another call saying I need to go pick up car since I didnt want to trade in the car I originally bought. And another  tell me I was being ridiculous when I asked to speak to their manager.
3	As other reviewers have said, they are in a hurry to get you to commit to a purchase, perhaps delivering a vehicle that is not quite ready to leave the lot.  It's not an uncommon practice, but I've been to other dealers who strive to deliver a perfect product, where you end up leaving feeling like a customer, rather than another sales number.Our new 2012 Mazda 5 was missing its standard floor mats and rear cargo cover.  Not a big deal, but an 80 mile round trip to the dealer is inconvenient.  Our paperwork had also been mixed up with another customer's, so that caused some mishaps.  Multiple trips back to the dealership, as well as a trip to our home by our salesperson, eventually (2 weeks) got us those items and fixed the registration issue.  That may sound like an endorsement of their willingness to follow-up, but these are issues that should be initially avoided by a competent sales team.The trade-in process was handled smoothly.  They gave us exactly what I felt the vehicle was valued at.I plan to try another dealer when it comes time to service the new Mazda.  I wouldn't tell someone to avoid Cardinaleway, but I have to believe there's better Mazda dealers in the Valley.
4	JC called me about a week before I went in, and left a message stating that they were looking to buy back some of their previous inventory, and would work to get me into a new vehicle at the same monthly payment. I messaged him back that my current Mazda 3 (which I'd purchased from Cardinale Way 3 years prior) had a cracked windshield, a dent in the passenger side, and also had already passed 80k miles, so I didn't think they'd be interested in buying it back. JC still wanted me to come in, so I agreed to an appointment a few days later. JC was very courteous throughtout our appointment, and worked to get me into a newer, much more well-equipped Mazda 3 while only using my trade-in and no down payment. My finance manager Todd was also very nice, and worked to get me a great warrany at a fair price as well. JC personally delivered my new car to my place of work the next day, and also checked in on me a few days later as a courtesy. I also received a call from Todd a few days after my purchase date, stating that he'd taken it upon himself to work with my financing a bit more (even though I'd already signed all the contracts) and was able to lower my monthly payment by another $20 a month and overall cost by over $2200. I was very pleased to have worked with two gentlemen who came acrossed as patient, honest and went above and beyond what I expected from them from a service standpoint. And as a female purchasing a car (yes, I went alone, no man to chauffer or assist), I never felt harassed, patronized or taken advantage of. Thank you Cardinale Way!
1	These people are terrible. Not only did they not pay off my trade in fully and are now saying it is my responsibility. They are blowing me off when I'm trying to find out who my lender is and get the cleaning and buffing of the car that was promised to me done. The manager of the finance area has a horrible uncaring attitude when it comes to things that are their fault. There are not enough words to explain how bad these people are. DO NOT buy from them. Not to mention if you get an option of Santander Consumer as a lender run the other way. Worst customer support ever and most of them don't even speak English that you can understand.
5	I worked with Todd Giglio and purchased my 2013 Mazda 6. We never felt pressured from him to buy a car. We felt like he truly wanted us to have something we could afford, and something we were in love with. When he told me that he wasn't going to sell me something we didn't love, it was genuine. We got to the numbers crunching part and that went smoothly as well. I liked on his desk his "No lie zone" sign. They made us an original offer we couldn't afford, and came back the 2nd time with something in our budget. A truly great experience and I love my car.
1	Yep, they are still calling. I called back and talked to someone who claimed to be the general manager.  Told him I would be calling a lawyer if they called again and also filled a complaint with the BBB asking them not to call and for an official apology for their harassment.  Got a note back saying that they wouldn't contact me again. No apology. Guess that will have to do.
1	It makes me really upset to have to write this follow up review, but in light of recent events my opinion of this dealership has completely changed, and I no longer feel comfortable recommending this place. So the scenario is, I purchased my most recent vehicle from Cardinale Way in August 2012. On April 13, 2013, I received a letter from a law firm stating that they had been contracted by Cardinale Way as debt collectors for an outstanding debt I owe the dealership. In looking over the paperwork they sent me, this "outstanding debt" is a $300 down payment that the dealership was suppossed to automatically deduct from my checking account the week after I purchased my car. Keyword here being "automatically". Apparently they never did this, and this entire time I've owned be car (8 months now) the dealership has never contacted or notified me that this debit never occurred. On top of everything, it is now 2 weeks later since having recieved this letter, and absolutely no one from the dealership has contacted me back to resolve this matter. I have left a voicemail with accounts receivable, left my issue on their Facebook page (to which someone commented, but they never actually called me to resolve the issue like they said they would) and I even called and spoke with their GM (who said he would get right on the issue and would call me back - it's now a week and a half later and nothing). Apparently no one at this dealership feels the need to be accountable for their customer's experience once they've sold them the car. I will not be returning to this dealership with my business, nor will I ever recommend them again.
1	absolutely the worst car buying experience in my life. i was helping a family member buy a car and this was a group of lying, underhanded, people at every turn. avoid at any and all costs. Peoria store is where we bought the car... run !!
5	We had a wonderful experience! Jeff in the pre owned department was awesome!!!  We will definitely never go anywhere else again!!
2	Chris sold us the car and "Mamma" did our financing. Both were friendly and helpful. The business has a very cool atmosphere and we got to experience employee/customer appreciation day, which was awesome. Why the bad review then? Well, buying a new car from them is probably a safe bet, but we bought used. We bought a 2008 Ford Escape w/ 75k miles. Car drove great and Chris assured us it had a "120 point inspection, was in tip top shape, and had service records to prove it". I should've asked for the records. Upon further inspection a few days later though, i discovered the vehicle still had the original plugs and the gap was twice what it should've been. No biggie, $30 and it's done. Then while pulling the plugs I discovered the last spark plug well was filled, 1-2", with oil! So the valve cover gasket was obviously shot as well. And the shocks/struts were also original, and should've been replaced at about 50k. I really didn't think I'd have to bring a tool set just to get a decent used vehicle from a respected dealership, guess I was wrong. So I attempted to contact the sales manager as well as the general manager via email...no response. All I was hoping for was for them to make things right and fix the gasket so I didn't have to. I would eat the cost of everything else. Apparently once you have bought one of their vehicles with a sham inspection though, they have no need to help you out any longer. So I thought, maybe their emails aren't working? So to test this, I emailed the same addresses but from my other email, inquiring about a vehicle... Got a response within a single day! How sad a Christian dealership deals with customers this way. So I spent about $300 and a few hours and replaced the stuff and all is well, vehicles is in tip top shape. Problem is I paid excellent KBB price from a dealership, plus all the other taxes and fees, when I could've just bought from craigslist if I wanted a vehicle that needed work, and I would've saved tons of $$. The vehicle was supposed to be in tip top shape when I bought it. Long story short...don't buy, especially used, from Cardinale Way Mazda Mesa. Nice enough people but they're basically buying vehicles from auction, giving them an oil change and a wash and calling it a "120 point inspection". Just another car dealer looking to make a quick $, and even worse, using a Christian label to do it...but without the Christian values.
3	I've recently moved to the area and have been taking my Mazda here. I have felt fine about my experiences here.My first trip to Cardinale Way Mazda was actually when my car broke down the day before my first day of work. Needless to say, I was very stressed and the employees at Cardinale Way were very nice and patient. Steve helped me figure out what to do over the phone and then let me know what was wrong with my car and what my options were once I was there. One thing to note is they don't provide rental cars. I'm not sure if equivalent dealerships do generally or if that is more of an upscale car thing but anyways, you have to pay for the rental car.Since that trip I've brought my car in for service where they fixed a small issue I was having but didn't end up having to do much.Overall, the staff there is very polite, but I at times felt a bit like they were "car salesmen" not to reinforce a stereotype. They just spoke to me a bit as if they were trying to sell me something, but when I looked at what I was paying and what I was receiving I felt okay. I will definitely continue bringing my car here!
4	They have a really nice detailing area now!
5	I was looking for a late model used car for my daughter who lives in California. (I visited many dealers over a two month period). From the test drive to completion of the purchase all the staff we encountered were courteous and professional. We spent most of our time dealing with John and Chris. They had the car put on a hoist so I could inspect the underbody. They made multiple calls to California to make sure we would not have any trouble transferring the car to our daughter. In summary, it was a great car buying experience !
5	I came here to get an oil change, and they also cleaned up some dried protein shake that I splattered all of my windshield and speakers. Steve Ross was amazing.
1	ALLLLRIGHT I honestly gave CardinaleWay 3 chances. September 2012, I bought a used Mazda at another dealer. Since previous services were done here at the CardinaleWay Mazda Mesa store, I thought what the heck, lets get it checked out. I called them up and emailed them asking about how much it would be to inspect the car as if they were going to sell it and tell me any problems that needed fixing. Fine and dandy. The gentleman in the email replied with we can do that for free. Cool! I bring my car down, and ask the person (whose name was the same man who emailed me back on his shirt.) just to be sure I'm not going to pay anything for this inspection until I get a repair. The man says, it's $100+. I don' remember the exact amount at the moment... He quotes me this price, and I leave. Strike one.Fast forward to this past month. I emailed CardinaleWay Mazda Peoria (i know this isn't the same one, but it's owned by the same people.) The man and I go back and forth about a car I'm interested in. I express I know I have negative equity and would be willing to buy a car if they could accommodate my current payment amount or lower. I get an answer which sounds positive, appraise my car blah blah blah... I'm getting ready to come in... And I get told my payment is super low for a 11 year old car, and I'd be hard pressed to get something lower on any car? Okay what? Strike TwoStrike three comes when I visited this store tonight. They were eager to sell this car to me a 2008 mini cooper S. I had been approved for several other cars at a little higher prices than I wanted to pay. I knew what I could afford and how much it would be. I go in with decent expectations knowing they may turn me down for what I want... but they didn't even want to work with me. As I said, I had been approved for more expensive cars (including another used mini). The guy pretty much tells me they can't do anything... at all... two dealers were able to pull strings and get me within a few hairs length of a deal on other cars including another used and comparable mini which is great... this dealer couldn't get me anything at all... They told me at the beginning they had a second buyer lined up, and after a few minutes of talking I could tell they didn't want to wheel and deal... It's clear they thought they'd get more for the car out of someone else... and treated me like a number on a paper...
5	I am just now writing this review in response to seeing all of the negative reviews (which seem to be much older).  My experience was great, and unlike any other car buying experience.  I have absolutely no regrets, and would recommend CardinaleWay Mazda, and Madison Spaid especially, to any one that knows what they want (and is willing to wait, if necessary) and wants a positive car buying experience.  They won me over!  Here is the long version of my story:This past July, I bought a new Toyota Corolla using a broker, a choice I regretted immediately and will never ever repeat.  Within a month, I was rear ended on the freeway (traffic was stopped, but the person behind me met my bumper at 50+ mph) and my beautiful black beauty was totaled.  I was still recovering from the last car buying experience (as well as having 2-3 doctor's appointments a week to recover from the accident), so I waited until September to try buying another car.  I was in a rather unique situation (credit report still showed I had a loan for the Corolla, but, of course, I didn't physically have the car), I had little to nothing for a downpayment (since I had just bought a new car less than 2 months prior), and the trade in I had available was upside down about $3,000.  I decided to create a form email to send to different dealerships to explain my situation, provide as much information as possible, and make it very clear I wasn't going to play the "Come on down and we'll waste your time for 4 hours" game.  After all, they send out form emails all day long.  I thought it would help me weed out the really bad ones - and it did!  I discovered the Mazda5 (we call it a "microvan") and wanted to see if my 6'5" husband, 4 kids, and dog (whom I'm convinced is part horse) would be able to fit in it comfortably.  I found pricing on TrueCar.com and was contacted by Madison Spaid at CardinaleWay Mazda.  I sent her my form email, and she actually read it (unlike 98% of the other dealerships)!  She thanked me for providing so much information and offered to answer any questions and help me through the process.  After getting nowhere with other dealerships that promised everything under the sun, I stopped by CardinaleWay Mazda on my way home from work to take a look at the Mazda5.  I explained I didn't have much time, and would not be purchasing any vehicle that night.  I was there a little over an hour, in which time my trade in was appraised (giving me $1,000 more than the other dealerships), I did a test drive, completed a financing application and had offers on the table.  I didn't have to retell my story, re-explain the situation, or re-provide any information.  Madison was extremely detail-oriented, personable, professional, and responsive.  I told her that I wouldn't be able to do any of the deals they had proposed at that time, but that I wasn't in a hurry either, and asked about some other financing options.  She said she would look into them, and I asked if she could just text me updates.  She happily agreed, and over the course of the next week, I received text message updates every 1-2 days when she had a question or a new deal.  After about a week and a half, they were able to assemble a package which worked for me (and was already pre-approved by their bank/financer/lender).  With each communication, Madison was always positive, never ever pressured me, and was extremely respectful of my goals and preferences.  Each text message started with something along the lines of, "Great news!" yet she accepted every time I said, "No, that's not going to work," with grace and newfound determination.When I went in to the dealership to seal the deal, the preliminary paperwork was awaiting my signature and my beautiful new Mazda5 was parked right in front of the dealership, ready to go.  The final financing paperwork had to be drafted separately (after knowing what my elections for GAP, extended warranty, etc. were), but I was there less than 2 hours altogether.  After buying my new Mazda5, I received several follow-up inquiries, and I'm a little ashamed that it's taken me this long to write a review of the best car buying experience ever, but, hopefully that will lend credence to how great it truly was - that I still feel this way 3 months later.  I was very impressed by the combination of (good) attitude and resourcefulness that this dealership displayed.  To me, it did feel like I had a friend on the inside advocating for me - instead of someone just looking to close a sale.  Every dealership says they want to make customers for life, but this is the first one that successfully accomplished it with me.
