5	Finally! A farmers market in downtown Tempe! They are located literally across the street from the old co-op that left a void in the neighborhood when it was torn down to build some pie-in-the-sky condo tower. (Which never got built and never will. We got a big, ugly, empty, useless dirt lot.)The Tempe Farmers Market has done everything right: it's located in an old brick building that they have fixed up, they carry tons of Arizona products like fresh produce, salsa, jam, honey. (A lot of it made right in Tempe.) They also carry meats, artisan breads, milk, soy milk, chips, candy, coffee, tea, syrup, and granola. They even carry pain killer, allergy medicine and condoms. There was even ceramic art for sale. I could not have made this place any more amazing. They took all the right ideas and created something that Tempe has needed in that location for a long time. (Bet you're sorry you didn't listen to me now Fresh and Easy!) Let's be honest: downtown Tempe is by far the most urban area in the valley, yet we had no stores like this. But thankfully we do now! I plan on buying all my produce here from now on. Thank you to whoever did the work to make this happen. This neighborhood resident is thrilled.
5	I went in here today and cannot agree more with the first reviewer.  I actually live a few miles north of here and have access to several grocery stores, but I would much rather buy local and support a business helping the neighborhood...but this is not about me!The store has lots of staple grocery items like pasta, peanut butter, condiments, snacks, etc.  But what is really great are all of the local items like salsa, honey, bread, hummus, and a nice variety of local produce.  Everything is great quality and very reasonably priced, even the specialty and 'gourmet' items.  I hope a lot of folks support this store so it stays in business.
5	I'll admit that I'm a little biased. Any business that is local and community based gets an immediate 1 star bonus. I love Tempe and I love the community we have here and this little farmer's market is exactly the kind of business that we need more of. The new Tempe Farmer's Market helps to fill the hole that The Gentle Strength Cooperative left behind. They built it inside that really neato, gray brick building just across the tracks from Buffalo Exchange. I always thought that building had massive potential and I'm glad somebody is putting it to good use. There are a couple of negatives. First, the prices are a little high. But, you pay for what you get. I just got done eating the best BLT ever. I made it with a giant, locally grown, organic heirloom tomato, locally grown bacon from that organic pork farmer in central Phoenix, and locally baked organic bread. Second, the selection is a limited. But that's to be expected from a farmer's market. You don't go there to do all of your shopping. You go there and see what they have and then plan your meals around what's available. Part of the fun is going home and Googling recipes to decide what to do with that beautiful butternut squash you just bought. That's how you become a better cook as well. Shop local.
4	Finally!!!!!   Hubby and I rolled into there so happy, well, I was. He looked into the info on this market  before we first moved to NoU.  That's, north of University for those of you who don't know. It's great to have fresh veggies right down the street. Great location, good selection of bottled and canned sauces, frozen, organic, and natural items and Arizona treats. Most all inventory is from the area, that's what we like. There's a pony ride machine right in the middle of the store with tokens just waiting to be put in. Haven't met the managers yet but they have to be cool. I'll bet they waited for this and they have lots of great ideas. Should be awesome for the community.  Please help support their great effort to bring us local produce and grocery 'stuff' to this awesome area.
4	Most of my excitement and "love" of this place has more to do with what it represents -- not what it is right at this second, but I fully expect that to get better. TFM representing a place in Central Tempe to get basic groceries (all the better that they're local and organic!) without needing access to a car. When I looked up the location, I felt heartsick at the thought that this is right across the street from where the Co-Op used to be. What's there now? An empty dirt lot. The Co-Op was driven out by an over zealous real estate company that, in the boom of condo building, bought the location, driving Co-Op to another spot where it eventually failed. Know what else failed? That condo endeavor. Now, a few years later, we have this budding marketplace with a lot to live up to.My first trip in, I didn't have anything particular I needed, I just wanted to check things out (though I was making enchiladas later that day, so had a few items I was on the look-out for). It's pretty small right now, and in the former building of Jake's Shop, which is also another Tempe staple now gone. But it had the basics such as milk, peanut butter, a small selection of produce -- local, of course -- cheese and even some gift-type items for sale in the back. I picked up some green onions (99 cents for a bunch) and red peppers ($1.29/ea), and thought those prices were exact with a chain grocery. And bread - this is my favorite part of the store! A big selection of sliced wheats and grains, and rolls and longer Ciabatta styles too. And the favorite of my favorite? Fresh "Made this morning!" tortillas! They looked delicious, and were HUGE. The size of a large pizza, they came in flavored varieties for making yummy wraps.When I checked out ($5 minimum for credit card purchases, and a sign said "EBT coming soon"), I was offered another red pepper from a basket by the register because this small batch was about to go bad. So instead of letting them and then throwing them away, they *give* them away with each purchase - wonderful! Oh, and I was surprised and pleased to see a small corner of the store set up with a couple small tables and a couch, all within view of a large flat screen playing Alice in Wonderland. Sure enough, a kid sat there, out of the way and quiet, while is parents shopped. Both parents and the childless thank the owners for THAT kid haven, I'm sure.I really look forward to coming in again and again and watching this place grow and thrive.p.s. I highly recommend becoming a fan of their FB page, so you can get daily info about what they just got in, specials, new additions, etc.
3	I'm a supporter of this store. At present, it leaves something to be desired, but we're starved for a place to shop on this side of town that has local and/or natural foods, so something is better than nothing! Also, I have faith that they will expand the available goods as time goes on. I'm excited to see how it develops.The good:  Great bread! This is the best part of this place thus far. The breads are fresh daily, baked locally, CHEAP ($1.79 per loaf for white, wheat, rye, marble ryle, onion, etc...), and all natural. And most importantly, they taste really good.  Picking up a loaf of the onion rye has already become a weekly ritual for me. They also have specialty pastries, tortillas, etc. Though I haven't tried those yet, they look good, and the prices are also very reasonable.The produce is also good. It's not a huge selection, but the prices are fair and the quality seems good. It's great to have locally grown items available nearby.Everyone who works there is super friendly, which is great, and they seem to be open long hours, which is really convenient.The down-side: As I said, very limited selection. The dry goods vary between local (mostly) and mass-produced (some random items). Some of the local artisan products look great, but they're very expensive. I think they'd be a little cheaper at an actual farmers' market (ie, where we're buying direct from the producer)--but I do plan to save up so I can try the pasta, etc.Weirdly, this place rounds out its selection of local/natural stuff with mass-produced crappy candy, ice cream bars, toilet paper, etc. I can't help but wish they'd found some greener alternatives. (Also-- Fiji Water? Come on, guys... That company is TERRIBLE. And the opposite of local. I don't get why they carry it.)SUMMARY: Overall, a great effort that I think will get better. In the meantime, get over there for your bread and veggies, stat.
4	As a rule, I never review something until I've visited it at least three times. My first experience at Tempe Farmers Market, however, was so remarkable that I can't wait to share it. My friend Chris and I walked in on a slow, sunny Tuesday afternoon and were immediately greeted by an incredibly cheerful gentleman who proceeded to crank up the radio when Chris told him it was playing his favorite song. After a few minutes of looking around, the man brought us a shopping cart and insisted that we had to fill it up. I told him politely that I would take a basket instead (these are Circuit City baskets with the logos sandpapered off. Very chic). A young woman working behind the counter proceeded to bring us a huge back of sourdough rolls and told us they were on the house because they were dated five days prior. We would eat them with local cheddar cheese for lunch, and there was nothing wrong with them - still delicious and soft. A second man talked to us about the new produce they had in, including some interesting rainbow carrots and some bizarre, flat onions called Ciopinni. Overall, the prices are moderate. Some things are comparable to or better than a grocery store - $0.99/pound for non-organic onions, $1.99 for a good sized bag of organic cane sugar, $2.99 for a bottle of Martinelli's. Some things were a bit pricier - $7 for local honey, $6 for a box of organic cranberries. I would imagine it depends on the product and season. Tempe Farmers Market carries a nice if small selection of produce, dairy, bread, some meats and many other local goods. I was a bit disappointed to see things like Coke and Cheerios on the shelves, as these are not local and certainly not organic, but I understand that they have a college-minded set to cater to. The cherry on top of our visit was when our greeter brought us a cup of organic watermelon cubes. We looked at him suspiciously when he offered it to us. "Just... stick our fingers in?" He nodded enthusiastically. It wasn't until we popped the fruit in our mouths that he let us know it had been soaked in a certain Russian spirit.  Guess that explains his friendliness!During check out he proceeded to give us - for free - a package of his basil pesto spaghetti, and the second man instructed us on the best way to prepare it. He even tucked a sprig of basil in with the onion. Tempe Farmers Market accepts credit, debit, cash and food stamps, and they were delighted to see that I had brought my own bag. Overall, the energy here is great and there's no attitude like I sometimes get from people in the "hipster sector." I plan to visit again tomorrow for more rolls for Thanksgiving dinner!
3	This place is a work in progress.  The most important part is that 1. They actually have an establishment now and 2. people are going to it! :)  I was inspired by watching "Killer at Large..." A documentary about how us americans have become overweight by not eating healthy foods, and accepting the cheap crap that stores pedal to us.  Local vs imported food....got me thinking.  "I need to visit that farmer's market today.  My usual hangout is Sprouts, but even that can be a little chainy.  This place was small, almost felt like the Japanese store up the road.  There were veggies, but not that many.  As I was imagining a huge selection of local crops. LOL I guess I forgot what local was in AZ.  The prices were somewhat steep, but all to be expected for as fresh as you can get.  I will visit this place again some time soon to see how it's progressed with their selection.  I promote going to this store to give it a looksies. I love that it is in walkable range from the surrounding neighborhood...that is a neighborhood that seems to like anything organic.  If I wasn't going to a million places afterwards I would have bought some cheese.
2	I really hope these guys succeed, although I was quite disappointed to find that this is not actually a farmers market at all, but in fact an individually owned grocery store with a random assortment of items.  Add to this the fact that on the day that I last visited, there was a huge national supplier truck blocking half of the parking and I had a tough time finding truly local products.  I will continue to support these guys as a more local alternative than the chain groceries in the vicinity, although I will grumble every time that my expectations are let down by the name and reputation of this store.  This is no Gentle Strength.  And by the way, I think they charged me a credit card processing fee.  Lame!
4	Tempe Farmer's Market is rad.  Their selection has grown immensely since today and when it had first opened.  It's not a one-stop, get all your groceries for the week kind of place, but it works marvelously as a neighborhood market with a few necessities and a great variety of delicious fruits, vegetables, olives, pasta and frozen meat.Goddamn am I glad this place opened.  Prior to this, my closest convenient neighborhood market was Rollin's Market with its rotting bell peppers and frozen Banquet dinners.  There's always Fry's or Safeway, but I like hitting up a small little market on the corner of my neighborhood and build a rapport with the employees and owners as part of establishing a community.The dude who runs the place will sometimes thrown in a tomato or apple or lime in with your bag of groceries.  Hey, free apple.  Not everything they have is permanent.  Sometimes something new will be there, and the next week it will be gone, but in a way, I like that about it.  You go in there, and they have these Indian pickles made from wild cucumbers.  Next week, in its place, will be garlic pickles or something else awesome.For what the place is, it's marvelous.  It's a little place and about as un-ghetto as it gets.  It's nice having a little market where you can pop in and buy polish sausage from a local farmer, organic soup, goat cheese with kalamata olives but you can also get your regular ass Skippy peanut butter and Campbell's soup.
5	Yay for local businesses! It was Saturday morning. I was driving through Tempe, in desperate need of a banana, organic tea, and a juicy anjou pear. I stopped into this darling little market and felt happy. I found just what I wanted and more! I had been on the hunt for a good turnip all week (it was for this soup I was making in celebration of my ingredient of the week, which was cauliflower, in case you were wondering). Sprouts was out of them, Sunflower didn't have any - I thought I was out of luck.  But lo and behold, Tempe Farmers Market had the best looking turnips I've ever seen! I was thrilled. They're from the local Crooked Sky Farms, which made them that much better.Tempe Farmers Market is definitely still growing, and figuring out what customers want. I ran out to my car to get cash instead of using my credit car, and Darl, the proud owner, caught up with me to ask me if I found everything I needed, and wanted to know if there were any foods or goods I would want them to carry. Love that! He was great to talk to, and seems genuinely interested in creating an awesome local market. They have lots of local foods, from Crave ice cream to artisan bread made in Tempe, to local cheeses and produce from nearby farms. And they're friendly to boot. Support them! Tell them what you want! Buy your fruits, veggies, and breads there, and you'll definitely go home a happy customer. Oh, and by the way, the soup came out delicious thanks to that turnip. I'll definitely be stopping in more often for my regular fruits and veggies. I am so glad the local movement is coming to Tempe.
4	This place has had awesome bread since day one. Whatever else you walk out with is just a bonus. Actually, I have to say that the produce selection is getting noticeably better each time I walk in. I still don't think it's quite suitable for everyday shopping, but it's coming along pretty well.
2	Ok, I wince when thinking about writing a less than stellar review of a place but I was so disappointed in the Tempe Farmers Market. I walked in with my reusable cloth grocery bag planning on walking out with it filled. Instead I walked out with 2 tomatoes, that is it. The main reason was I felt the prices were really high on almost everything. I have a Sunflower market near my work and house and could get 3 times the amount of food for the same price. Also a lot of the produce looked a bit wilted and there really wasn't a great selection. The staff was friendly however and hopefully in the future the prices will be more reasonable. I still don't get how something that is grow or produced nearer than the stuff that gets trucked in is so much more. My pocketbook would not let me spend so frivolously!
4	I'm your typical guy that doesn't really care about farmer's markets, shopping locally or being organic or 'green'.  I know that I should care for a multitude of reasons, but haven't been able to put forth the effort.  I guess it is just because it is more convenient to go to Fry's, Whole Foods, etc. to grocery shop.  While I'm not sure that will change much due to this market being less than a mile from my house, but this place may come in handy from time to time.  I can see myself coming here to pick up produce and other misc. stuff because the 2nd closest place to my house is Rollins Market and the produce there is pretty gross.  I just hate going all the way to Fry's to pick up a tomato or a small amount of other produce.  I'd just assume come here because it is way closer than Fry's and presumably fresher/greener/local-er/organic-er/etc.  I know the prices are a bit more than other places but it is to be expected because they don't deal in huge volumes that the other stores do.Anyway, the place is pretty nice and has a pretty good selection of farmer's market type stuff.  The place is clean and the workers are very friendly.
4	I went in today on an emergency broccoli run. I hadn't been in a month and realized that I'd forgotten how accommodating the market was. It's in my neighborhood, has good variety, fresh produce, and as previously reviewed sometimes pricey, though there are bargains to be found. I usually get my produce from the farmer's market on Mill on Thursdays, but TFM is a good alternate. I think of this as a neighborhood farmer's market and health food store in one. I met the owner, Darryl, on my first visit and he was very helpful in regards to the store (seems really committed to the local/organic movement). So yup, I love that I don't have to drive to the bigger markets for my oils, vinegars, herbs, organic produce... it's in my neighborhood.
4	True potential, that's what i see in Tempe Farmers Market. This little place has come a long way in a fairly short time. The concept is something i whole heartedly support, and while it may be a little pricier it's understandable. Like previous Yelpers have posted, it may not have every last item on your list, but it's a great place to augment your cooking w/ locally grown veggies & fruits, various cheeses, and artisan breads baked right here. There's a lot of vegan options here as well, like that weird looking fake cheese you poor deprived souls consume.All in all it's a little local grocer that needs our support, and won't disappoint you if you invest you time and $$ into it, while all the products may not be produced in AZ a good deal of them are and it's not hard to tell.
4	Every time I go to this market, I find something that makes me like it a little more.  Most of the people who work there are very friendly and knowledgeable.  They are very in-tune with the things that are important to their customers.On saturday afternoons, they have local farmers set up out in the parking lot with live music and free massages.  I haven't made it down there for this event yet, but am excited to check it out.GO GREEN.  GO LOCAL.
4	I love this place, and their owner deserves a citizen of the year award in Tempe. The work and money and time he's plowed into getting this off the ground in a crappy economy is almost heroic. And he's such a nice guy! This place is three stars for what it currently is and five stars for its potential and current upward trajectory - it gets better each month.OK - it needs even more selections (not that the current selection is bad), it needs even more fresh produce (so tricky because it's all local and organic and spoils quickly if not bought - so I'm sympathetic to their plight), and needs a prepared foods section (they'd make a ton on this I think). And the checkout folks need to be a little less hipster fabulous and a little quicker to stop eating their snacks and/or talking on their cells and just ring you the hell up.Support this place my fellow Tempeans - it's a very cool little store and will only get much better if you support them with your dollars!
3	Good prices and convenient location.  Could use some better lighting.  Nice to have a place nearby supporting local merchants.
4	What a great little market, right in the heart of Tempe. This place carries all the best veg friendly brands as the big chain stores. Same prices as Whole Foods, yet a legit selection of local products.I love that it is open until 11pm because sometimes I just need a single Tofutti Cutie!!! Also, check out the day-old bread for a dollar AND the handmade tamales.Bring cash so they don't have to pay the bullshit credit card processing fees.
4	Quaint and eclectic - a true chefs shop.  I love this place.  Wish they would put in a picnic table so I could eat my fresh goodies outside.
4	I adore this little farmer's market. As a new resident to Tempe, I was eager to visit the Tempe Farmer's Market. I'd been here a couple times briefly with my best friend who I was visiting (and now live a few blocks away from), but I never looked around really for myself. I love what they have to offer, as I tend to always being a little more inclined to enjoy what comes from my local food makers/farmers. Lots of great organic food products, fresh AND frozen. Vegan and vegetarian friendly, for sure.It is a tad more expensive in some areas, and that is ok. It is definitely a place to pay with cash though. & staff has always been really friendly.
3	I've been pouting around Tempe every since Gentle Strength closed. Boo hoo, no place I can walk to in the mornings to get fresh fruit or bread. I was so excited when the Farmer's Market opened.... Until I saw the prices.. WTF? Why is everything so expensive?What makes it even worse is that out of convenience and laziness I will come here and pay those steep prices quite often. I rationalize the process by telling myself that by walking I am saving money on gas and reducing my carbon foot print.They happen to carry my favorite tea (China Mist),  icecream (Tofutti Cutie),  and fresh bread loaves. Overall I have been disappointed in the produce, it looks as though it was delivered by animals who took little nibbles along the way.4 stars for effort, 2 for execution = solid 3 stars
5	This little market has true spirit!  We've found ourselves near it 4 times in the past 3 weeks for various unrelated reasons just before returning home and decided to drop in for the 'bottle of milk / loaf of bread' errand.They're open until 11PM some nights.  They have food trucks some nights.  The staff are all wonderful. The variety is admirable for such a small store. I wish I lived close enough to shop there regularly.  I have to manufacture excuses to be in that neighborhood more often just before heading home - like tonight for instance : )See you there soon I hope!
3	Great Local place. I use it when I am out of something and don't want to Run to TJ's or WF's. Nothing though takes the place of Gentle Strength.Oh how I miss that place but it's better than nothing and maybe someday it will be just as good as GS. The prices are expensive though. I understand your small and you have overhead but I can run to Sunflower and get it cheaper. But that said I hope you stick around. It's nice to have you here.
4	I absolutely LOVE the Tempe Farmers Market. The people who work there are super friendly and helpful. I love having a farmers market that is walking distance from my house too. They offer a ton of vegan/vegetarian options which is a HUGE plus for me considering my boyfriend and I live a vegetarian lifestyle. If you like locally made breads grab them here! I am obsessed with Rye bread and whenever I grab a loaf there is always the softest/yummiest thing ever. My only complaint is that the produce looks pretty bad most of the time. We only grab produce there if we plan on cooking it with something the same day. Please check this place out and support them!
4	Not you typical outdoor Farmers Market but has the same Organic/healthy food items.... kale chips, fresh produce, veggies...grains etc.. It's almost like a mini-mart. There's a coffee shop inside (got a latte for $2.50!) and they use Stevia.There are some local vendors outside and I noticed some fresh bread as well. There's plenty of parking on the dirt lot. I would prices are similar to any other Farmer's market in town.
5	No reason to shop anywhere else.  I started going here when I lived up the street due to convenience and a desire to eat healthy while supporting local sustainable markets.  Relying on the adhoc farmers markets at various parks only open in the mornings on the weekends  is nice, but not exactly convenient and when they run out of food, they shut down.  This place operated like a regular grocery store, open 7 days a week, extended hours and receiving inventory regularly from local sustainable food sources!It's absolutely amazing to have a grocery store that's not whole foods provide local fresh organic fair at reasonable prices 7 days a week.  If you live anywhere in the east valley, this should be your first stop for all your grocery needs!
4	What a great space!  Great music, employees & produce! We'll be back! :)
3	It's a quant local shop that has a little bit of everything organic,gluten free and every other item that is healthy and trendy these days... A lot of the "fresh" items looks like they had been sitting on shelfs or the open fridge far too long... Maybe I just hit the place at bad time or day but one thing I did like about it was that most things were made locally very neat.
4	This cozy little store doesn't always have the produce selection of an outdoor market, but what it lacks in produce selection it makes up for in dry goods and convenience. It's open long hours 7 days a week and carries dairy products, eggs, dry goods, produce and has a small cafe. Also the local bread here is amazing and ridiculously cheap for the quality.
5	I visited Tempe Farmers Market a couple years ago when it opened for the first time. It was less than impressive and I had never intended to go back. Fast forward to a couple months ago and my roommate and I decided to stop in because we were simply bored. Let's just say there has been a major improvement! Sure, the produce is somewhat lacking, but all of the dried and frozen goods make up for it. We were greeted by a friendly young man right away who indulged us with great conversation about the art hung around the market and made plenty of recommendations. He was very easy to talk with and knowledgeable about what they carry and what's delicious. I was lucky to have had such a great experience with the customer service. They also recently opened a small coffee bar inside, so check it out if coffee's your thing. This place is a little pricey, but the experience of shopping here is worth it. I feel like a child in a candy store when I visit places like these - I love to try new and interesting foods! Another huge bonus is that they're open so late. Five stars all around!
3	the day old half price bread and the friendly staff keeps me coming back. Also the parking lot is a great place to find vegan hipsters to eat and we all know that the human diet effects taste. I would say that yelpzilla is doing the world a favor by eating all of those annoying vegan shop local crybabies. plus they taste so fresh and good. like american spirits and hypocritical living.also the reviewer who is going by the user name miles D. don't insult the great jazz god. you and I know that you are NOT the real MILES D! I'm coming for the vinyl you bought new and spent too much on.Nick S. should stop being such a boyscout.
3	Great finds and awesome customer service! Couldnt ask for more!
4	Ok, I admit that i thought this actually was a real farmer's market, but even though it isn't, it really is one. The reason why I felt that way is because I purchased goat cheese - the form of cheese that only looks correct at a farmer's market. They had some crazy goat cheese combos and I ended up with spinach and pumpkin seeds. Other good items spotted were Tamale factory tamales, a really good brownie from Fairytale bakery, parsley pita chips and fresh fruit. Both employees were really nice, one guy following me outside making sure my box was good enough for my groceries. When you check out, they ask box or plastic. I was feeling crazy, so I chose box.  Open til 11pm and it does have a more gourmet feel than any other bodega's around town. Try finding goat cheese at a grocery store with bars on it.
4	One of my favorite local shops. It has locally produced coffee, meat, bread, honey, salsa and fresh eggs. Also nice selection of tamales. I shop here every week to supplement my groceries with all the locally produced goods. Very happy they are in my neighborhood!
5	This is a perfect place to make a quick stop on your way home to grab some milk, eggs, produce or other basic needs. It is a little more pricy than a chain grocery store of course, but you are supporting local farms and businesses when shopping here which is worth the extra buck. Some fun things you can find here that is hard to find in other stores is kombucha, dr hummus and they even have a nice little coffee shop inside the store as well.
4	love this place! I like to grab a coffee and peruse the grocery selections. I typically go there for a specialty bread and local cheeses and hummus. great selection of local produce
4	Tiny little store selling locally grown produce, meats, with a focus on more organic and healthy foods. I browsed around and found prices comparable to other farmers markets. They also sell some locally made dog treats. They have some unique produce items, like white pomegranate, orange dates, and fresh pistachios from Crooked Sky farms (So fresh they are still in the fleshy fruit covering- fascinating!). While I didn't find anything I needed today, it's a good option for more sustainably grown groceries if you are in the area.
5	A hippie store in Tempe!  Yay.  I come from Santa Cruz, where this place would be like maybe one of five similar places, although actually here most of the small stores have turned into chains (New Leaf, Whole Foods) with only a couple like the Food Bin hanging on to the small-store vibe.  Tempe, you've got a GREAT GEM of a little store here.  It is where I always do my main shopping.  For instance... want a frozen pizza?  They don't have, like, 23 brands of frozen pizza all covered in dog food and on sale right now with a coupon.  They have 1 brand, 3 kinds (meat, veggie, cheese), and outstanding.  They do the choosing for you, OK?  That's why its a small store.  And they choose very well, all their stuff.  Want chocolate chip cookies?  You won't find 47 kinds in a whole aisle with nothing but cookies.  You'll find one maybe two kinds, and they'll be the best you've ever had.  Want grapefruit juice?  Best you've ever had.  Bread, they get their bread day-old so offer it at a great price, and it's always interesting selection.  Produce is good, but a bit to be desired compared to Santa Cruz, but hey, this is the godforsaken desert not the garden of eden :-)  Also, there's belly dancing out front every once in a while, how cool is that.  And yes they serve coffee drinks though I have not yet tried them.  And they have a chill out spot and a mechanical horsey for the wee ones.
2	I liked this place, though their products are more expensive. I'm happy to support small, locally sourcing businesses. But I won't support a business where I received mediocre customer service. I walked in to get GT's kombucha, which I can get for a few quarters less at Safeway but I was in the area of Tempe farmers market. After selecting my beverage, I got to the counter and was asked if I was a student, because ASU students get discounts. In two years of occasional visits to this market, that had never been brought up, but apparently it's been ongoing. I get the 10% discount, though I am a little disgruntled that I had never been asked about it before. I go to open my drink, at which point the liquid explodes everywhere (the drink is highly effervescent, but never like this). I'm sitting there, getting drenched from the kombucha and none of the three employees just standing behind the counter takes notice. I ask for some napkins and an employee just pointed over to a table. At this point half of my drink is on me and I am not able to enjoy all of it. "Aw man, that sucks" was all I got from the man behind the counter.Whole foods would have replaced it  at no additional cost to me if they saw that happen. It was poor customer service and I will not be returning.
5	Wonderful store for people west of the ASU campus! Sure, they don't carry everything a commercial store has, but it is wonderful for seasonal (and often local/organic!) fruits and vegetables, pantry basics, and tons of fun snacks. It is a bit pricey, but spending a bit more to support a local store is worth it. Especially if you're only grabbing a few items. The staff is always helpful, and I bet they would take requests for items that customers are looking for. Also....ASU students get a 10% discount...........
3	This place is OK. Their cucumbers are absurdly priced (5 cucumbers priced by the pound.. over $5) Cheap Ginger can be purchased here. The apples and lemons don't look like they are local or organic...I could go on. TLDR Version: produce is good, but its hardly local, and if it is, its way overpriced.
4	I love this place.  Produce is a little overpriced with some few exceptions. Salad greens/spinach is $3 but oh so worth it. Really fresh taste and will last in your fridge for 2 weeks because it doesnt have to travel millions of miles to get to you. Bread is good too at $1.99. Dont buy milk or eggs thou. I know, what a shame. They are way overpriced. Hickory farms eggs are almost $3 when I can get them for $1.99 at the Mexican store on Price and 5th. I would come here more often if they had the basics right.
2	Didn't realize that this place was more like an overpriced sprouts or trader Joe's.  Thoroughly unimpressed.  On my way to an actual farmers market.
5	I've lived in the neighborhood north of University and west of Farmer (Nuni Wofar) for three years and TFM has been there the whole time. It's open late on the weekends with a pretty good selection of pre-made food, a lot of it is vegetarian or vegan. Anytime I need a to refill my produce or get a coffee in a nice atmosphere I make a quick visit. At night sometimes they play some fun music like Michael Jackson, Billy Joel, or any number of 80's Pop Gems. It's got a sweet vibe and most patrons are legit neighbs. Rarely do I see sketchy crims migrate from the Circle K on Ash. But if l do see them, invariably they are gettin' a 40 from Topps or lookin' for a chill nap behind the pizza store.
2	After going to the farmers market in Guadeloupe,  this place was awful. They are way over priced on a lot of items, like fresh eggs and honey. The store had so much stuff it was hard to find items and they didn't have much local items. The service was so so. This place is more hype than anything good.
4	I love this farmer's market because they carry Crow's Dairy Goat Cheese.  You seriously need to try this cheese.  The pepper goat cheese is amazing!  The store is small, but has a decent selection.  I'm really just there for the cheese.  :-)
5	I love this place! They have a coffee bar, lots of vegan entrees made almost daily (burritos, sandwiches, sushi, etc) as well as delicious pastries. Some of the prepackaged things are a bit high priced but this is a small establishment- it's worth supporting them! And the entrees that they make there are not badly priced at all.I don't use this place for my main grocery shopping but it's great to get snacks or treats once in a while. They also have a new food truck outside which looks pretty good!
