3	Reading 944 isn't going to make you smarter that is for sure. Although Shannon says they have improved...I recently started reading their magazine and their is much room for improvement still. Now 944 is a magazine based on the the glam and fun of being a twenty something, but they do feature articles so why not put something mildly interesting instead of the "sexy summer positions". In this magazine you will find tons of pictures from clubs and private parties around the valley as well as some fashion spreads and some very short articles. Their writers aren't bad though I will give them that. Guilty Pleasure which requires no thinking: Yes! Think Cosmo meets Us Weekly for Scottsdale.
2	It tries, but at the end of the day 944 magazine is basically an Old Town Scottsdale party picture rag (usually featuring the Dirty Scottsdale crowd) written at the 8th grade level.  Don't believe me?  Flip to the back and see the last 30 pages or so.  Multiply by the number of cosmetic surgery ads and bar/club ads and you've got a lofty quotient.  The party pics are usually why people check it out.  Kind of like when married men say they read Playboy for the articles.  RIIIGGHHT!!They are starting to cover Phoenix and Tempe a bit more than in the past, but it's primarily a Scottsdale 20-something society/nightlife magazine.Plus if you want to see a magazine clown and insult its unsuspecting and not-so-bright readers, check out the Letters to the Editor.  I mean, wow.btw, 944 is named for its old address when its offices were located on Mill Ave.
2	when i read--- i mean, look at this magazine i feel dirty and disturbed, like something is very wrong with the world... but the problem is too big and i am too weak and powerless to change it. i imagine it's similar to feelings i would have if i was addicted to crack and had to buy my fix from a 9-year-old seller who drastically marks up his product so he can buy a PS3 and an HD TV.bonus star cause it's fun to rate the boob jobs and bad tans according to the wearer's apparent self-perception.
2	I am not sure what I am supposed to get out of the magazine, if anything. Behind the sometimes really cool covers seems to be only ads and pictures of the valley's finest at the cool spots and clubs looking their best.But I guess the best way to sell a magazine to your target market is to put their picture in it.I have read a couple of good articles in 944, but for me, the magazine lacks content and substance and I am not really sure why it is produced.
2	I like it 'cause it printed on shinny heavy stock paper.Weight+Shinny=Street Cred!
5	Asking yourself "what is the point of this magazine" is like trying to find meaning in a Pauly Shore movie.  There is no point!  Just sit back, relax, and allow yourself to be entertained.  Are you really expecting any sort of intellectual stimulation out of this magazine?  944 Magazine is the perfect reading material when you're sitting on the toilet pushing one out.  You can go cover to cover in the 5-10 minutes you're on the john, laugh hysterically at points, get depressed over the future of society at other points, and otherwise keep yourself entertained.  And a bonus is that every once in a while you might find an event or new restaurant opening that piques your interest.  And in the end, it's great for squishing scorpions.Not to mention IT'S TOTALLY FREE.  I guess if you paid money for it, I can understand a little resentment.  But for a free throw-away?  Give me a break.944 serves it's purpose perfectly.
1	If you have ever been around infants you know that if you place a shiny object in front of them they become instantly enamored.  I believe that the true fans of this publication have been studied and found to have a similar reaction. Dave B noted the lovely shine this magazine has and I do not believe this to be a coincidence.  944 has clearly done their research and for that I award them one star.
2	Hrm. Ever ask yourself where you can find a magazine that showcases all that is wrong with humanity - hedonism, addictions, overt sexuality, silicone, stupidity, bravado, high interest debit, cliques and a false sense of self? Well, look no further. 944 is here! 944 says it covers fashion, entertainment and lifestyle. Fact of the matter is it caters to the fantastical - you know, the unreachable celebrity stereotype of partying all night, spending benjamins and being seen where it's ultra cool to be seen. I saw myself in 944 once. It was a double spread of Myst during their anniversary shindig. I was astounded to see myself in the middle of the dance floor with the most wretchedly uncomfortable grimace on my face. It was probably after I got hit in the head with an elbow or big lady purse. (I don't care if it's designer. It doesn't need to be the size of an Envoy.) 944 gets two stars from me. I could care less about the celebrity spottings and blond bimbo fundraisers. I do like how they sometimes feature music I'm into, as well as restaurants I may want to try. I don't even mind the showcase of expensive toys I'll never be able to afford. After all, it's fun to look. But 944 can't really consider itself a magazine, can it? After all, what value does it bring? Hardly enough, unless you're out of TP and need something to wipe your ass with.Sad truth is that it is an unfortunate reflection of some of the people in this world. It's okay to admit there's more to life than your prada (or is it coach?) bag and being invited to the grand opening of "the next big thing" in Snottsdale.
5	I admit it... I'm a fan of 944!  I like to be entertained, see what events are coming up, and look at the photos for people I know.I understand what the yelpers before me wrote about and I don't disagree at all.  However, if you take it for what it's worth, and pick up a free copy when they come out every month, it's fun to flip through the pages.  I am writing this review after checking out the April 2008 issue specifically, and I'm extremely impressed to see that starting with the next issue, 944 is going green!  They say that "in an effort to lessen environmental impact, they will be switching to ECO-FRIENDLY PAPER that will eliminate waste and use 30% less new materials.  This issue is dedicated to people who are making strides to ensure the survival of the planet.  Maybe I'm a sucker, but I will say that I was pretty impressed with that!Go get your issue today!
