3	They are lucky they know how to make a good sandwich because the old man who is making the sandwiches has maybe the worst customer serviceskills I've seen anywhere. I asked to substitute something on the sandwich I ordered and he shook his head like I was such an annoyance to him. So not needed..The rest of the people that work there are pretty nice though.
5	They make amazing sandwiches, The Philly is to die for and I have also tried the Cuban Sandwich which was so delicious.  My co-worker has the Italian Sandwich everytime we go and is addicted to it.  I have a hard time deciding what to eat because everything is so GOOD.  Hey, they also do breakfast.  The staff is really nice too.
2	Average sandwich place. Sub-par service. Why on earth would someone want to talk to a rude employee only to then wait 10 minutes for a sandwich. If you ask me there are far better options in town.
2	In short: Subs, Service, and the Price were all disappointing.I love a good sub, nothing like biting on a nice crispy role with just the right bread to meat ratio, topped off with crunchy greens and fresh veggies, served with a nice smile at a good price.  This place had none of that.  The bread was doughy and felt more like a dinner roll, there was enough meat but everything was too salty. My sub came with some cream smothered slaw on top.  Didn't even ask me if I wanted anything else, or explain any other options in toppings to me and seemed to be annoyed when I said hold the mayo and 1000 island.  BTW, they put 1000 island on EVERYTHING!!!  They also seemed mildly annoyed that I wanted different toppings.  It cost about 7 bucks for a 9 inch sub, with the meal it's almost 10 as a meal, not worth for a lunch break in my opinion.  Much better service, food, and deals out there.
4	I don't understand the other reviews because my experience was great.  My sandwich was so delicious I went back the next day and ordered it again.I decided to stop because I love the name of the place and I love subs.  I ordered the 12" Philly Cheese Steak with green peppers, onions and no mushrooms.  The cheese was incredible and melted throughout the entire sandwich making it creamy and delicious.Pricing is fair and the restaurant has plenty of seating.  I would recommend it to friends.
2	i just started a new job that orders from here fairly frequently, so i decided to try it one day.i ordered the chicken caesar wrap and a diet coke.i don't know how you can screw those things up, but that's what happened. i'll probably give it another shot, but i will definitely order something different!
5	Went for lunch today with my friend Ian and ordered the Philly Cheese Steak and it was amazing and the people inside were nice as can be, they all knew Ian by name when we walked in, and the price is real nice.
5	soooooooooo glad i gave it another shot.i LOVE roast beef sandwiches. especially roast beef sandwiches that are RARE and have a lot of meat on them!!!!!!  the cheddar cheese is really good, the horseradish mayo could be spicier...but the sub roll it comes on is delicious and didn't fall apart. i hate it when that happens.the stormin norman (minus tomatoes and peppers) is absolutely fantastic and i want to eat it every single day. for the rest of my life.
4	Bite Me Subs is a favorite go to lunch spot since my office is just a few blocks away.  I love, love, love the Southwest Chicken Wrap - it's delicious!  The roast beef sandwich and the Cuban are also fantastic choices. I frequent this place during the work week and I have gotten my co-workers hooked on this place as well.  Chicken wrap and baked Lay's and it's a decently healthy lunch.  Although if you are looking for a little splurge, their chocolate chip cookies are amazing.  Good for delivery too if your office isn't too far away.
5	Thank goodness these nice people opened up this great sandwich shop in the valley. Bite me has by far,the best Philly cheese steak in town.Real shaved rib eye, luscious white American cheese, grilled onions, and whatever else you like on your cheese steaks Sue and her staff are happy to pile it on for you.To the earlier reviewer who said they have bad rolls....do you know what a good one is? Just because those chain shops have 8 different bread choices doesn't mean they know bread, they just have choices.Bite Me's are perfect. Nice and crusty but soft throughout with the perfect bite. All of their sandwiches rock, The Stormin Norman, The Manganaro, heck, even their burger kicks butt.Be sure to check out their daily specials on Facebook also, they never disappoint either. I had a southwestern Reuben there two weeks ago that was so good, it made me question the old school Reuben for superiority. Imagine 1000 island and chipotle mayo had a baby and pastrami took a bath in it. Trust me, for Tempe, Phoenix or even NYC or Philly, this is a great place to get a sandwich. I hear they cater too....
2	I normally go here during lunch, mainly for the subs. Well today I go an try a salad. Chicken finger salad. Nice looking salad, I say looking is because as I sit here at my desk lookin at this salad because the staff failed to give me silverware or anything to eat with. Wtf .. stick to the subs unless u like see food lol
5	Bite Me, rules!  We have ordered from this place on several occasions since they opened and none of the guys at my shop have ever had a "sub" par sandwich.  Always meaty and delicious!  My favorite is the Canal Street, but I also like the Cuban, the Broadway Joe and the Philly Cheese Steak.  Service has always been super friendly and usually fast.  We have them delivered on occasion, and only once did it take longer than expected, but I understand they were swamped at the time.
5	This is the all around great spot to eat. You can have everything from a Burger to a Salad to a Wrap and the make awesome Breakfast Burritos.  I think the Philly is to die for.  It is the best, it comes on a soft roll, it's hot and the cheese is everywhere. I can't even finish the small, it is loadedGreat Place you must try
5	Two words, Canal Street.  Get it, eat it, LOVE it.  I have been here probably 20 times in the last 4 months.  Just can't seem to get enough.  If you don't mind spending a couple more dollars than you would at that joke for a sub place, what's it called, oh yeah, subway, then go to Bite Me Subs.  So much meat packed into that sandwich, you will have a hard time eating a 12" sub.They also have other great items like Breakfast burritos, skillets, and burgers.You will be greeted by a friendly smile and quick service followed by the best sub in town.I say thank you to Bite Me for this hole in the wall sub shop, I will see you all again soon.On my last note, I do feel the need to address one complaint I read from Dar C.  REALLY???!!??  You complained cause you didnt grab your own plastic-wear after getting your salad.  It just happens to be right where they walk over to hand you your food.  That sounds like your own fault.  To give a bad review because YOU messed up is just stupid.  Maybe you need to stick to ordering subs and let them make what they make.
1	This is the second time we ate here and it was still bad. we had 2 salads delivered to our work and were so disappointed. The chicken wasn't blackened like the menu says and the flavor wasn't that great. The lettuce was wilted and the dressing was horrible. I called to let them know about the horrible food and the girl on the phone just defended they make everything fresh. I told her we were disappointed and would never order from them again. The total was also $19.35 - for 2 salads and a drink and the delivery driver didn't even bring a receipt of the break down, I feel ripped off.
5	I love Bite Me Subs! We order lunch for our office from here and every time I get something different and I have yet to be disappointed. We always have it delivered but the phone service is great and delivery guys are always happy to see us (I love delivery guys with personality) I think the food is really good quality for the price and the portions are huge. We ordered breakfast a couple times and that was even great. Give them a shot.
4	Ive had bite me subs deliver to my office many times; they always had my order right and the food was always packaged well along with napkins, ketchup, etc.  I like ordering tuna or spicy chicken sandwiches;most sandwiches come with fries.  The bread is always fresh... Try their cheesecakes, yum yum!
4	Just finished lunch with my mother here at Bite Me SubsVery good! The prices are very reasonable.... about $17 for two sandwich's, two drinks and two bags of chips. I got the daily wrap special, grilled chicken, spinach, tomato, bacon and ranch on a flour tortilla - very yummy! mom had a pastrami sammy with 1000 Island dressing and Swiss cheese, it looked awesome! Huge pile of pastrami on some toasted bread. It's a tiny place but you can always find a table, and they make your grub quick. A recommended spot if you are in the area, I don't think I would go way out of the way for it though. Enjoy!
4	I love their Reuben I get it all the time. Reasonable prices and they usually make a big sandwich w lots of meat on it. I got their cobb salad once and it was ok. The service is ok. I usually just get it to go. They are closed in Sunday's wish they were open because sometimes I work on the weekends.
4	I had never heard of this place until a month or so ago, one of the guys came into our office and dropped off a menu so we decided to give it a try....yum!! I love that they have really unique daily specials for both sandwiches and salads, and they're great about posting the specials on their Facebook page most mornings. VERY fast delivery, which is always a plus when you're hungry and too swamped to leave the office. You have to try the Susie-Q - turkey, sprouts, cucumber & cream cheese on sourdough. WOW!!2 reasons I did not give a 5-star rating - one is because you can't order online.  Sometimes when the phones get busy it's just easy and convenient to be able to hop on the website and order lunch while you're pretending to listen to your customers ;)  but mostly it's because of their roast beef sandwich aka Stormin' Norman....umm can you say RARE??  I have never been served such rare roast beef before in my life and when I called & asked about it, they said that's just how they serve it...hmm. At least warn people, I understand some probably like it like that but I would bet money that I'm not alone in being a bit grossed out & caught off guard by it. Had the roast beef been more well done and less bright pink I know it would have been delicious, especially with the horseradish mayo that comes on it. Other than that, I have yet to be disappointed in any of the other menu items I've tried!
5	Very good basic turkey sub from the make your own sub category. I got a massive 12 inch sub (see pic) with great quality turkey piled high and fresh, crisp vegetables on good bread, including cucumber slices. The twist to this place is that they start with the bread and then put the cheese and veggies in the sub and lastly throw all the turkey on top of those two items. Kind of like a reverse sub sandwich. It's unusual at first, but the ingredients are solid and soon it seems like your wondering why every sub shop doesn't build their subs this way. An extra $1 for a bag of chips and this was a filling lunch. Get the 9 inch if your not that hungry, but for a dollar more, buy the large and save half for later (if you can).
4	Great spot for a work lunch! I do all the ordering for the Monday meeting luncheons and I am very happy with this place! Everyone int he office can find something they like, be it a sandwich healthy salad or a greasy burger. The best part is they are on time. We have to start our meetings  promptly at 11:30 a.m. and I need the food to be here a little before so we can get situated before calling into the conference line. On top of all that, they are very inexpensive. Since Jimmy John's has raised their prices ridiculously we had to find a new affordable place near by and we have found a winner.
4	Had the philly cheese steak... Awesome!! I would have given 5 stars but didn't get to try anything else on the menu...
3	To start, the subs are good. But then again, it's pretty hard to screw up a sub. Lots of fresh sliced meat piled high on our subs which is nice. They don't bake their own bread, so who knows how fresh it really is. The place was dead and yet there were several dirty tables. Then they had the classic rock blaring from the back and a tv blaring in the dining room, so all I heard was loud chaos.. Rather annoying. If it weren't for the fact the food was decent, I'd prolly give them 1 star.
2	I thought I'd give Bite me a try since it's close to home and I'm trying to find a great sandwich joint.  Showed up for a late lunch to-go around 3pm and ordered the Rajin Cajun specialty sub.  I got home opened the to-go box and was surprised to find my specialty "sub" on a cheap ass hamburger bun?!?!  Not only was my sub on a hamburger bun, but a soggy bun at that; half the bread fell off making a huge mess.  I gave two starts because the combination of ingredients worked well together, even though I definitely wasn't wowed by it either.  The french fries were pretty tasty too.Bottom line, I won't be back.
4	super friendly. speedy delivery. great place for lunch.
4	I just moved from Philly a few months ago. I've tried cheese steaks from several places and so far, this place has the best one. The staff here is super friendly and the food is served hot and fresh, really fast!
5	Super friendly. Staff remembers your name (and your order if you are a creature of habit). The cuban is one of the best
4	I mentioned in the car one day that I hadn't had a really great burger in a while, and my friend pointed to a little fast food joint called "Bite Me Subs" as we were passing it.  She asked me if I'd ever been there, which surprised me a bit.  The place looked a little, I don't know, let's just say I wouldn't give it a second thought (and hadn't) for any sub, much less a burger..."It's got the best burgers, ever, you should try it!" She claimed.  "Are you kidding me...?" I thought as we drove on and I looked back at the place.A few days later we were feeling lazy at home and craving a burger again, so I looked up this "Bite Me Subs" place and saw that they DELIVERED!  That clinched it, we ordered and sure enough, the best burger I've had to date in this area was delivered to my door! I wish the outside reflected the inside of this place.  I have to say I'd rather order delivery than actually stop in to eat there.  You can always pick up, though, if you want.  It's worth the wait!
4	I have eaten here several times for lunch with my friends/co-workers.  My best friend really likes this place too and she is very picky. While they don't make their own bread everything I have ever tried has been good.  The place is clean, and the staff has always been friendly to me.  As a side note they do have the best fries.
4	Ohhh my Dayuumm,,,Ok, wasnt here for a salad, or a burger or come here only for the restroom...,,, I decided on the hmmm a SUB... Staff were tentative, and "the old guy" making the samiches was genuine.. The Food:The Cuban.. toasted sub wuth Ham, Pork,, yes Pork AND ham in the same samich,, along with crunchy pickles and some mustard spicy or not,,, but wow,, the flavors blended very nicely,... Price was comparative to the amount of FOOD most definitley..Will be back,, It will be a coin flip of Sub Factory and this place... Next trip will be the philly, and if the mushrooms are fresh, then sub factory may have to be archived away...
3	I got the New Yorka & a side of fries, which was pretty good. However, a few other customers were overcharged & not all orders were coming out in the order they were taken.
5	What a great sub with 8oz of meat!  This place puts Jimmy Johns and other sub places to shame.  Great service too and I did not have to wait long.  Thanks!!
4	At work today and order from Bite Me Subs, my lunch arive very quickly. I had the chicken sandwich, so sloppy good, loved it and huge portion of fries.  What I really want to give two thumbs up about is that my food did not arive in styrofroam! I hate that stuff.  They use a carboard tye of container wich is so much better for the inviorement. In this day an age no one should be useing styrafoam any more.KUDOS BITE ME SUBS
4	For me it's all about the food here! I really love the different options in subs that you have! And the fact that you have the ability to build your own sub. Like the fact that menu is New York inspired!
5	My personal favorite sub shop in the Tempe area. The subs are money! I love the service I get everyte me I go in, I have not had a bad experience yet. I suggest Bite Me to anyone who is looking for a good sub. The owner is a great guy!
5	This is a cool little shop that tries hard to please its customers and make quality food. There's some things on the menu they make very well and others that aren't so good though.
3	The French fries were very good. The food took an hour to get here and it was cold and not yummy. Their food sounds so good on the menu but it just wasn't. They tried tho. They are nice people, their food just sucks.
4	I'm so lucky to work in walking distance of Bite Me Subs. I've been here at least twice a month for the last year. I mostly get salads but have also ordered the turkey wrap which is a perfect light sandwich lunch (I say light but it's huge). When starved and feeling like I needed a few more calories in my life I had the Philly Cheese Steak - awesome! But back to the salads. They use fresh crisp romaine, cucumbers, the tomatoes on last weeks salad were amazing. I had the Cobb and its perfect amount of veggies and protein. Only 4 stars because they could improve with their dressings. Everyone is super friendly. Next time you are in the area I suggest you skip the Arby's and cross the street to BMS.
4	Pretty darn good sandwich if I do say so my self!! Went here with co workers for lunch and had the Broadway Joe, it's a pastrami, corn beef, 1000 island dressing melted Swiss and slaw. I could eat this Sandwich nearly every day, flavors are out of sight and the portions are big. Looking forward to going back next time I'm in town so I can try another item.
5	Great local sandwich shop that caters to the greater Tempe area. That creative combinations of sandwiches are delicious!!  I highly recommend trying their lunch or breakfast.
5	We've been here multiple times and although my boyfriend always gets the tuna, I've tried something new every time. This tuna sandwich is the best in Phoenix. Idk what the put in the mix but it's amazing. So far my favorites are the Suzie Q with bacon, and the Cuban. Everything is amazing, all the way down to their fries. We try to come here once a week, and I take all my friends who haven't had it before. Great mom and pop sandwich shop, with very reasonable prices.
5	I feel kinda dumb for not noticing this place. After all, it's in my neighborhood and almost in walking distance; so there is that, and also the fact that the food here is stellar. The first thing that came to mind, after taking a bite and restraining myself from proceeding to stuff my face as much as possible, was the quality of the ingredients. I ordered the "Stormin Norman", which came with roast beef, cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion, cherry peppers, horseradish, and mayo.Now try getting that at Subway!Or maybe Circle K's pathetic attempt at sandwiches across the street. Or maybe the Arby's across the street. If you do....OH FOR SHAME! :)I'm looking at over 15 different choices on a stylishly done menu here; and its clear that the local owners here are bringing that east coast flair into our desert. That, and I guess I like the colors and the look of chalk letters that aren't chalk. Or maybe they are? I don't know, but for so many great things to choose from, I must thank them. I hope you do as well. Spending your dollars at local businesses helps our community. You also get an experience with uniqueness and culture-BECAUSE you don't see Quizno's on the Food Network-or in real life for that matter. Ha! I will be telling everyone I know about this place. I think I've learned my lesson: "Pay more attention to whats around me!" :)
