1	Atrocious service & failure to manage a simple breakfast selection of food.  Biscuits? Sorry, we're out for awhile.  Hashbrown potatoes? Sorry, we're out right now.  Fries? No we're out of those too.  So I order the panini breakfast sandwich without meat.  When I get to my gate, I see the sandwich is also lacking egg (meaning it's just the cheese & condiments on it).  Brilliant folks working here... brilliant!
1	What a horrible experience. Besides the food being totally awful, the 'manager' on duty was rude to every employee working.  The cashier (Almaz) was very nice, and pleasant. Immediately after I placed my order, the manager yelled to her 'dont take any more orders and go take lunch'. Then the phone rang, and the manager answered it 'Mike, i've got a line and cant talk' and promptly hung up.Now, they appeared to have a new employee working the other register. After the rude manager gave me my order, he went over and pulled a basket of fries out of the fryer. I was trying to get their attention to get some ketchup and she proceeded to yell at him for pulling the fries and then told him to help me. She then proceded to pull the fries out of the 'serve bin' and dump them back into the fryer.One customer (as i was walking away) made a comment to the manager "perhaps if you were a little nicer to them they'd listen better" (referring to how she was treating the  employees).It would have been nice if they provided salt/ketchup without having to ask - but the point is moot as I will NEVER go to this location again. I'll eat at the pizza place next door or the Paradise bakery down the hall. I have never tried them, but they have to be more professional and have better food.STAY AWAY!!
2	Typical Wendy's fare.  However, nowhere to sit.And don't even think about trying to sit at the Round Table Pizza next door as the wolves will run you off.Take your Classic Single on the airplane and make your row-mates jealous.Employees?  Meh.
3	If it wasn't for their darn service, I'd give this 4, maybe even 5 stars! As far as fast food places go, Wendy's has pretty good food, but probably the worst service, and this one is not an exception.I was at the airport a little hungry and looking for some fast food that would not scratch my throat. Maybe it was not the best choice, but I remember Wendy's baked potatoes with chili were nice and soft on the inside, almost mashed potato like in texture, so I got that. Well, when I sat down, I noticed instead of "baked potato with chili cheese" like I said, they gave me "chili cheese fries." I'm sorry, but how can you hear that incorrectly?!? The  person who took my order fulfilled my order, and that was literally the ONLY thing I got!! Plus, I'm always very cheery when interacting with others. I didn't even get a smile from him :(So after scratching my throat with fries because I couldn't muster up the energy to go back, I'm typing this review on my phone. Don't get me wrong, the chili cheese fries were actually quite delicious if it wasn't for the constant coughing. Just be aware of going to this Wendy's (or ANY Wendy's) and make sure you check your order before you leave. That's something I keep forgetting to do...By the way, I order the chili and cheese baked potato all the time at various Wendy's around the US. Half the time, I get bacon and cheese, and of course, this time I got fries. Also, half the time they actually do get my order right, the potato is all dry and NOT that lovely mashed potato texture I love. Talk about frustrating!
1	ran out of fries..filthy..unhelpful dumb staff who couldn't care less.messed up my order and three others. should be shut down and lose franchise. DO NOT GO
3	Wendy's is Wendy's. One of my favorites if I am forced to eat fast food. They were out of breakfast burritos, kinda upsetting because it was early in the morning. I was surprised by how good the sausage was ok the biscuit.
3	Nowhere to sit, and it's busy! Typical Wendy's fare, with fast-food employees to match.
