5	Once a month Antique and Collectibles show,, should be called a Decorator show,,  Great stuff for your home,,,    EVERY First weekend when Saturday is the first    check out there web site at  www.icashows.com  for more information ! !      GREAT Stuff from Great Dealers !
1	It's a flea market.  Nothing more; nothing less.  It's old crap that no one should need unless you are a hoarder.  There are plenty of free flea markets and yard sales that are free.  This misadventure cost me $20 in admission fees.  What a waste.  It's $10 a head.  Finally, no one takes credit cards... even for the admission charge.  After all, flea markets and yard sales typically deal in cash only.  I now feel slightly dirty.
3	This was my first time at the Metrolina Expo, and with all of the rain parking was a little tricky with the huge mud puddles and my Hyundai. After we parked we paid $5 for entry which gets you in all of the days of the show, which is good because trying to do it all in one day is next to impossible. The "antiques" people had to buy got a little repetitive, and I didn't end up buying anything, but had fun looking. I say "antiques" because some of the stuff wasn't really that old, and most of it was overpriced. I'd much rather go yardsaling. They did have a few places to grab some food, and a bar which was a plus in my husband's eyes when I dragged him along.
3	A great place to spend a weekend and the staff is super friendly. Did not find many super deals as many things were priced high but we enjoyed looking around
5	The dealers are so knowledgeable and helpful! We always find some great stuff. We just recently purchased vintage blue glass BALL jars from the 1950's for a DIY project.
5	Prepare to have your mind blown and your wallet lightened. Hundreds, if not thousands, of square feet of knick-knacks, furniture, antiques, memorabilia, spare parts, art, and just plain junk. Very interesting junk, but junk nonetheless.It's possible to spend many hours here, so come prepared with comfortable shoes. If you're in the market for random old stuff, this is your place!
