5	Lingfei is a multi-talented, multi-faceted person who brings her combined life skills to hypnotherapy.  I have had only a couple sessions so far but am already pleased with the results.  She is an amazing person!
5	If you are in pain, being it physical or emotional pain. Even cigarette smokers! Direct Mindpower is right for you. I have gone through chronic back pain for years now. I have had physical therapy, taken painkillers (which I don't recommend to anyone) I have tried acupuncture, and chiropractors. Nothing worked, and I was getting frustrated. I had a friend tell me to try pranic healing, which I wasn't very familiar with. Trust me, it works. Not only does the pain go away, but the feeling of having a clear mind and a clean body is what I needed. Not only does Direct Mindpower make you feel comfortable and relaxed, they are affordable and a lot of times have FREE pranic healing clinics different days of the week. I highly recommend Direct Mindpower to everyone! Please check out Direct Mindpower!! They are amazing, and this is the one and only place I go to feel the real me again!!
5	I had never heard of pranic healing before and I'm more than just a little bit skeptical, but I kept an open mind. I went to Ling, originally because I had pain in my shoulders. Immediately , I felt relief, but beyond that, I felt a very rich spiritual connection.  Ling is very sensitive and passionate about helping people. I strongly recommend that every one go to Direct mindpower with a open heart and mind. It will change you!
5	I highly recommend Ling and her AcuPrana method. It is a godsend. I had had a horrible crick in my neck for a few months and had been going regularly for massages, but it still wasn't getting worked out. Ling did AcuPrana on my body focusing on my neck, and over the next few days it released! My whole body felt like it was lighter and more in balance.
5	i was introduced to pranic healing through my depression support group in mid-2012. this was my first experience using a non-western method of emotional healing outside of the standard pharmaceutical and therapeutic regimen. i'm so glad i tried it! after the first session i felt much lighter inside, but my second pranic healing session with lingfei was a VERY powerful experience of physical and emotional detox. immediately afterwards i became more aware of the ways in which i needed to change inside to see a brighter picture on the outside. i highly recommend pranic healing for anyone who is seeking help to deal with emotional difficulties.
5	Lingfei is an entity that im glade i ran into.  For im a young striving business entrepreneur. Facing with certain hurdles with self was a bit difficult to enhance my business. Ling Help me to tap my sub-conciseness to reach confidence, creativity, and other factors that are hidden within. My first session i felt the improvements almost immediately. Al-tho everyone is different, but for me im glade i did this hypnotherapy and now i cant stop smiling! i cant wait to see my future results because of this.
5	Thanks for the great AcuPranic session Ling! My back and neck thank you! Still have some pain because it's a chronic problem, but I could feel a difference after the session and I really appreciated the stretching and posture help to help prevent me from re-injurying myself. I'll do my best to apply them to help get to the root of the chronic problem.
5	Thank you so much LING  for being an angel disguised as a hypnotherapist. My mind feels clearer and I feel more energized than ever. I have finally been able to work on letting go of my past because of you Ling. I see you not only as an amazing therapist, but an amazing friend. I HIGHLY recommend anyone who needs a life lift... to go to my Ling.. She is incredible:)
5	Ling is an amazing energy healer. She listens to your concerns, and really trys to help you get to the root of the issue. Plus she has awesome groupon deals every so often. I will definitely be back..
5	Lingfei has been doing an amazing job helping me deal with problems through hypnotherapy! She is a great listener and knows how to get to the root of the problem! I would recommend her to anyone dealing with any issues from confidence to anxiety to motivation. She can help. She also has done some healing on my knee which has allowed me to get back to regular workouts in the gym!
5	Had a great experience with Ling she is very passionate about her work and the healing of others :) I really consider her a friend  and I'm happy I came across her practice .
5	Ling has helped me through her hypnosis therapy.  Very grateful to have come across Direct Mindpower.  She's very kind, and will listen to your needs.  Its always a pleasure going to her therapy sessions.  Thank you so much Ling! :D
5	Ling, Is just Amazing.. She will guide you through and enable you to do the best in your life. Highly recommended.
5	I have always wanted to try hypnotherapy but didn't exactly know what it was or how it worked. I purchased two sessions with Ling, I had my first session today and when I left I literally couldn't put into words what I had experienced. It was amazing, ling was amazing.I do energy work myself and she has this amazing aura and super positive energy to her. She also gave me a few pointers on a couple of things. Her office is a small area but its comfortable, she also has books,crystals,and a few other cool things for sale. If you've been wanting to try hypnotherapy id say ling is a great person to experience it with! I have been looking for someone who I feel a difference with and who I connect with on an energetic level and I have found her. I will most definitely return here in the future and I cannot wait for my next session.thank you Ling! Tons of love and hugs for you.
5	I was very skeptical about hypnosis and I can now say I am a believer.  Ling made me feel amazingly comfortable and made my experience one I will always remember. I can't thank her enough. She is very good at what she does. The positivity in the office and her aura is amazing and I can't wait to see her for another session. I only had one session and just that one has helped me tremendously. I can't wait to see Ling again.
5	This place is excellent. I have been a nail biter for over 20 years. I came here for hypnotherapy to solve this problem. Well, to make a long story short after only 4 sessions I now have nails and I no longer bite them!! I was also able to deal with some other issues as well. It has helped me with my confidence, auditioning as an actor, calmness, helped me to meditate deeper, and to be centered. I would highly recommend. I also have tried the healing on my neck which was great as well!!! I love this place!!!
5	Ling is amazing! She has a way to connect to you and give you the kind of help you REALLY need.  She is an ocean of wisdom, filled with kindness and love.  I will highly recommend  Ling  to everyone! Don't wait - pick up the phone and call her. You will not regret doing that.
5	Lings place is welcoming, relaxing, and private. Ling is down to earth and easy to talk too. She will spend extra time with you because she's that kind of person that is not all about "The money" and not all about "The Clock." What I like best about her is that she presents her self as an every day person. She's has a "No BS" attitude. Her gift is her power of observation, intuition, listening, and heart. I recommend her to anyone that needs positive reinforcement to get "over" the past and to anyone seeking balance in their work or personal life.
5	I was referred to Ling by two friends and let me tell you all the rave reviews are real!  Ling is an amazing soul who makes you feel happy and comfortable just being in her presence.  She helped me tremendously understand the issues I've been having for almost all my life.  Walking out of her place, I felt like $1,000,000 brand new dollars :)   I cannot express more kind words towards this woman and what she's doing to help us get back on our path.  Thank you SO much Ling and I cannot wait for our next conversation!!
5	Thank's Lingfei for CPR class !!!! Ling was a Awesome Teacher. If any one done's or know CPR it's can be long and boring!!!!!! Ling made it fun and I learn some new stuff. CPR is about saving life's just not about your JOB !!!!! Thank's again Ling for taking time for me and my daughter to teach us Old and new stuff.We both walk out and felt like we can Safe a life thanks to you teaching us what CRP is really all ABOUT
5	I am so thankful that I met Ling and benefit from her services. She is a wise soul and has the ability to truly help others. Everyone has tools at their disposal to become the people they want to be, but Ling has the ability to open up that toolbox and show us how to utilize those tools on our own. I would recommend her services to open-minded individuals who are in touch with their spirituality but need that extra push to really help uncover their potential. I felt an immense difference after just my first visit and have since felt much lighter and clear-headed.  I feel very comfortable with Ling because she has great intentions. She is very flexible with appointments and is super accommodating. She is also very affordable and accessible.
5	Yesterday's hypno-therapy session was amazing - thank you very much Ling! The findings have given me much insight into my current situation and many, many things to think about.
5	I can not express in words how grateful I am to have found Ling on Yelp. I originally sought out a hypnotherapist for someone else but I ended up seeing Ling instead. Meeting Ling was like meeting a long lost friend. Personally she's great. Professionally she is profound. People, this person knows what she's doing so go see her if you have a problem - ANY problem. Even if you're not sure if this whole "holistic" stuff is for you, give her a call with the mindset that there might be a possibility that she can help. I'm so grateful that I found her. You could be too.
5	I've been working with Ling for a few months now and have to say- it has been an amazing and positive experience. Ling is intuitive, practical and insightful and holds your well-being in highest esteem. I've had the opportunity to work with several other hypnotherapists that lack the personal touch and care that Ling so easily provides. Her method is results-driven and her innate abilities are both nurturing and no nonsense! I have definitely seen the results in myself and believe it has been life altering. She is truly a gifted being and a lovely soul.
5	Ling is an amazing talent and genuinely kind person. Her theta healing sessions with me have truly helped me remove limiting beliefs and experience greater calm and confidence. Her services are highly recommended!
5	I'm really grateful for my distance/remote Theta healing session with Ling. Her energy work helped me navigate an emotionally charged time. Looking forward to more sessions with you! Thank you, Ling!
5	I wish there is a 10 stars button because Ling deserves the best of the best review. This year I have ran into some personal and family issues, so I decided to look for some professional help and that was how I found this company. After reading all the postive reviews and went on the website, I have decided to give them a call the next day. During the call, I was on my way driving to work but Ling was sure patience enough to listen to me and gave me some information regarding what she does, recommended hypnotherapy and  schedule me to come in to see her.  So far I have gone through 3 sessions with her and she made me realize, opened up my mind and educated me on thinking more positively. I have let go a lot of unpleasant feelings and slowly working my way up.  She is not only a life couch but also a friend, because she truly cares and make me feel great about myself once again.
5	I took the First Aid/CPR Training and Ling was great. She made it a fun learning experience to get certified. She focused on the main points and always would ask if we had any questions.
