5	With three Subways within a two-mile radius, a Firehouse Subs is a nice departure. The Southwest sucks when it comes to dining selection/variety, so I was pleasantly surprised to see a new FS. This location is only 3 days old and already the place was abuzz with people sitting in and ordering take-out. Staff was eager and enthusiastic, which is always nice to see. I ordered a medium (8 inch) Hook & Ladder Sub, which is basically a turkey breast/ham sub on wheat for $5.79; pricing is reasonable for what you get. Man, this sandwich was filling! They definitely pack on the meat and even ask if you want to double up on more meat. WHAAA? No thanks :) Anyways, my sub was tasty as hell, the place was huge (lots of tables), staff is extremely nice, prices aren't outlandish, and the menu is pretty vast in selection. I'll definitely be back.
4	I've had the opportunity to try this Firehouse Subs location twice and was definitely impressed the first time, and just slightly less impressed during my second visit.  I have fallen in love with their Firehouse Hero, but I make a few little changes.  Both times I have ordered this sandwich online and it was PERFECT.  Tonight I ordered a sandwich in person and the girl taking my order LITERALLY had to ask me to repeat EVERYTHING for my order....and it came out wrong.  It wasn't drastically wrong, so I didn't call to complain after I got home, but I will stick to placing orders online from now on.  Less trouble and they seem to pay more attention.  The inside of the store is clean and they have an awesome Coke fountain machine that lets you customize just about anything you want to drink - a HUGE plus, but I still go to Sonic (across the street!) for my drinks.  The other reason for the missing star?  The artwork depicting a LVFD fireman turning the hose full blast on a coyote chasing a rabbit.  Not sure that they want to be condoning cruelty to animals, especially by a firefighter!
4	This is yet another sandwich shop in the Southwest area - with Subway, Jersey Mikes, and Capriotti's within a close distance to this store. This is my first time going to a Firehouse Subs and I was really impressed with the sandwiches. The store is  fairly large and very clean with a lot of seating. As you enter, you are immediately greeted by the staff with a "Welcome to Firehouse." The sandwich selection is pretty extensive with just about everything you could possibly want. I think they specialize in hot sandwiches as most of the sandwiches are done this way - which differentiates Firehouse from many of the other sandwich shops. I settled on getting the Firehouse Hero sub - Premium roast beef, smoked turkey breast, Virginia honey ham, and melted provolone. It was a good sandwich and I got it with the combo (chips and a drink). The soda machine is pretty cool as well with your opportunity to customize your soda as you want. They also have an extensive selection of hot sauces for your tasting pleasure. I tried the Firehouse hot sauce which is actually quite good and goes well with the sandwich. I'm sure I will be trying out a few more of their sandwiches in the future.
1	We visited the Warm Spring location today, and our first time visit to Firehouse sub was very dissatisfying and unpleasant. We order a carry out order and found a long strand of hair embedded inside between the meat and the bread, which was awfully disgusting. We have to spend extra time in driving back to the location for an explanation from the store manager name Stephen. We spoke to Stephen regarding our order and he did not try to solve this issue and simply tell an associate to make us another sub (the SAME ASSOCIATE who probably DROPPED  LONG CURLY HAIR in our sub in the first place!!). We felt unwelcome for showing him our issue on the order, His reaction showed that it has happened before and he was not surprise at all. We did not receive a formal apology from him or his associates. He was giving us bad attitudes and facial expressions, it was very disrespectful. We expect a store manager to be properly train to handle and resolve issues, but his actions showed that he does not care for his customers or opinions in improving food hygiene for this store location.  I believe his overall customer service was extremely dissatisfying. Our only reason for going back to the store was to receive an apology and explanation, not simply remaking our original order. He did not take the time to look at the sub and try to hide his mistake. At the end, we refuse his offer and got a refund. Before this first time visit, we heard great reviews and recommendations about Firehouse Sub; therefore, we did look forward to eat a high quality sub at Firehouse. However, we did not see any of the "great reviews" from our first visit. It was a great disappoint!
1	I ordered a chicken salad sandwich.  After I got home, I opened my sandwich and was given some kind of sliced chicken breast sandwich.  You can't really see them making it like Subway due to the high counters.  It was too late for me to return to have it replaced, but it was a complete waste of money!  I didn't eat it and threw it away, then had to go back out to get something else to eat.  I don't understand the incompetency and miscommunication.  I know that the location is new, but I would have rather been asked for the order again if clarification is needed.
4	Love this place! Italian is the best I have ever had.
2	Yes, only 2 stars ... why? I was craving Firehouse Subs. I had been to the Rainbow location before - and well, not just for the cool soda machine, but my sandwich was excellent - service was excellent. OK ... so, back to this BRAND NEW Durango location: sandwich - very good. staff - very good and accommodating with our special request. HOWEVER, this store is DIRTY! Maybe it was the end of the night, maybe a little of the dirt and crumbs were because of that, but there was a lot that was old. Also, on the table that holds the napkins and silverware - there was a bucket with wet towels, soaking in a cleaning solution - just sitting out in a service area.Firehouse Subs is also known for their selection of hot sauces. They had a huge selection, including their signature sauce. Every bottle I opened to try had a crusty, dried up ring around the pour area. In otherwords, they never wipe down these bottles. Discusting.Lastly, I had not noticed the mural on the wall until I read the previous review. This is VERY disturbing! I wish I had taken a picture of it. It is a yellow Clark County Fire Truck - a fireman holding a hose, and - wait for it ... water coming out at full force at a fox. The poor fox's body was bent in half from the force of the water! I am sure it was meant to be fun, however (and this is coming from someone who does not get easily offended), this was straight up cruelty.Would I go back to Firehouse, sure .... would I go back to this one - no.
5	A sandwich chain "founded by firemen" has many locations around the valley, with this one located in the southwest residential area. It is a quick drive from neighboring housing developments for a quick hot or cold sandwich, but it does not taste like a typical sandwich.I ordered the BBQ brisket & cheddar sandwich on a white bun; wheat buns are also available. For an extra $2, you can get a drink and chips. The sandwich was well toasted, with the brisket soft and flavorful. It is more of a fast food sandwich shop, but not like Subway. When you place your order, the cashier will take down your name and call it out when it is ready, bringing it to your table if you are eating in. It is decorated with all sorts of firefighter related memorabilia, giving the place is comfy feel.I'd recommend this place for any time of day because they have breakfast sandwiches as well. If you order a large sandwich, you'll have leftovers for your next meal!
5	Classic sandwiches done right. The subs here are insanely good. Really. They're not especially creative, they're just done exceptionally well. My wife loves their veggie like she's never loved a fast food sandwich before. It's insane! The best part is how when you order a sandwich they tell you every single thing on the sandwich so you can add/delete items. And they have those coca-cola freestyle machines that give you infinite flavors of soda! And they give your kids firemen hats. Also they have a variety of awesome hot-sauces available.I love their food. This location is  a good one.
4	My favorite subs! Its all fresh and whats stands out is that they steam the subs which make them delicious!
4	I rolled in here close to closing time last night. The chairs were up on the tables, a few people looked like they were doing closing cleaning stuff, I expected some dirty looks but they happily stopped what they were doing to wash their hands and make my sandwich.....Brisket and Cheddar. Smoky, gooey and delicious as usual. This is really the only chain sandwich place that I go to by choice. Subway is more of a time or calorie saving neccesity. I actually crave this sandwich. Fair price.
4	Hearty fulfilling sandwiches.  Must try the Chili and the different hot sauce flavors.  Steve  has great customer service.  Will definitely come back.
4	The taste is great and gives subway and Quiznos some competition. It is a little pricey but worth it if you come with a big appetite.
1	I had a feeling since the moment we parked to not go in but my love insisted to go here! I wanted to go to Teriyaki Madness because it's one of my favorite lunch spots in the southwest. We go in and greeted by sandwich makers with this tone in their voice that sounded like they've been slaving away for hours. Asking us how we are doing but facing the chip rack is a little strange. At least make eye contact, what if I was a celebrity or something!! JkOur order came up, we ended up getting over charged for an extra sandwich. It was annoying and we didn't realize it until we were waiting that we just paid $25. We could have a nice 2 for $20 at chilis for that...Anyway, they came out with the right sandwich and out change for the refund but it was just really bad quality for the amount of time and (lack of) effort put into the food. The quality was just not there. I was considering going to glaziers and getting my lunch meat special (1/2 lb meat&1/2 lb cheese) which would come out cheaper than a meal here Might be back if there's nothing in the area that suits my appetite.
5	It was my first time to any firehouse sub. As soon as I got to the register I told the cashier this and she recommended a couple sandwiches. I let her known don't eat any pork products and she suggested a veggie sandwich or anything I could do to my sandwiches. I choose to have the New York pastrami steamer. It was delicious. Good customer service and a good product. I'll be back :)
5	Its one of those days that im working(hardly) driving around waiting for people and I get hungry...x(As I was asking my stomach what it wants and also being careful not to consume anything salty due to hereditary blood pressure problems, I come across this joint....again.Then my taste buds took over and forgot everything else besides salivating over and devouring the Smoked House Beef and Cheddar Brisket. I then Grabbed!! the 100% Pain sauce and started attacking this sandwich. As I was murdering it, I remember telling my self "man! this is a good way to fill the void" and at the same time the 100%pain sauce was making all my mucus membrane come out places where I never knew it could. I'm sure theres lots of other sandwiches thats good but everyone should atleast try the 100%pain sauce. After trying the sauce, ill guarantee youll be able to handle any other spicy food out there. Till we meet again brisket!
2	Never coming back to this Firehouse EVER. the worst customer service I've ever received. The guy taking my order John gave me attitude before I ever ordered & took 20 mins to deliver my food.Go to any firehouse but this one. Save yourself the trouble
4	This place never disappoints. Since it's a chain, 1 review is pretty much going to be like every other review... All I can say is this: THEY NEED TO GET THAT HAWAIIAN PULLED PORK SANDWICH ALL YEAR ROUND -- cause that's my favorite sandwich but it's only available for the summer starting in July -- plus they have sweet tea which is a huge bonus
5	The best sub sandwich place!! The toppings, the extras, the service, all unparalleled!! TV's on the walls so you don't miss the games, touch screen soda fountain, iced tea options, and an array of hot sauces that will not leave you hanging!! Excellent service!! The staff are attentive, focused, and prompt!! I never have a bad experience, and I never will!! If you're in the southwest Vegas area and want a good sub with no hassle, this is your place!!
4	I was hungover and asked for a "pastrami sandwich"... "make it happen" i said, "everything on it" and still i was asked a bazillion questions about what i wanted, which you'd think would be fantastic customer service but like i said, i was hungover and i couldn't think strait, that's why i said "Pastrami sandwich, make it happen" but NOOOOO. I'm being way too critical, i know. The sandwich served to me (about ten minutes after i ordered it) was good and was everything i was hoping for. I truly feel this is 3-star valued sandwich shop but the amazing assortment of delicious hot sauces bumped it up to 4 stars. Cheers friends!!!!
1	Yuck! Gross! Ew!i have worked next to this place for over a year and just finally went in to grab a sandwich real quick in between shifts.  It was the most disgusting sandwich I have ever ate!  It was a 'veggie' but the viggies were a ton of ice burg and a few bananas peppers, it was falling apart, bread was wet. It was not good at all.  My stomach was sick the rest of the day, and I'll just leave it at that.  Needless to say I will not be returning. bummer. ;/
5	Very good food one of the best subs i have ever had i got number 1 hook on the ladder and blew me away
