4	I am a victoria secret addict. We should have our own little support group. I cant leave without spending over $20o. I love the new secret garden collection and the clothing they sell is so comfortable and sometimes sexy. I can't give them 5 stars because the wire in the bras I buy from them always end up poking out the first time I wear them. You're better off buying bras at kohls or target. Panties from VS last forever. Also there is this one girl who works there she is very skinny and has very bleach blonde hair who I cannot stand. It's nothing personal she just gives me these looks that say "You are too old to be shopping here"
1	Horrible customer service.  Everyone is completely rude.  If you're a guy there to buy a gift, you'll get looked at like you're from Mars or some kind of pervert.  Elsa in particular is horrible.  She is condescending, obnoxious, and unhelpful, which may be why the rest of her subordinates are the same way.  I tried to address my bad experience with her and she tried to put it back on me.  Maybe the people working there are so brainwashed they don't realize how snotty they are to people.  I usually have a miserable experience at this store, with the passive-aggressive salespeople who ignore you, then are astounded that you want help, then rush to help you and get you out, all while using corporate-speak to pretend they're nice. H-O-R-R-I-B-L-E.Tempe location is MUCH better, I gave it 4 stars because people actually help you there.
2	I don't normally shop at this store, but I stopped by a few times this year to buy presents for friends.  The customer service was horrible.  Even though I asked for help, I was only pointed in a vague direction to what I was looking for.  The cashiers were friendly, but not helpful.  I did not feel appreciated as a customer at this store.
5	Great customer service! This is where I usually buy my undergarments. I bought a bra and after a few times wearing it one of the straps broke. I took it back to the store. I didn't have the receipt, so I was assuming they would not be able to take it back. The gal that helped me said it would be no problem at all and gave me store credit. She was so nice and never even questioned the situation. They provide complimentary fittings and the dressing rooms are beautiful. PS. Ladies, try the new Incredible Bra. It really is incredible!
5	I love this one I live right by the Rio Salado one but prefer this one. They are always so friendly and helpful. They will talk with you, not just about the items your getting. You can tell its genuine and not just trying to rush you out of the store.
5	Hello, my name is Meg . . . and I'm a Victoria's Secret addict.Seriously, there needs to be some kind of 12-step program for this! Yes, it's a corporate chain. Yes, it's part of Limited Brands. But not once have I ever experienced poor customer service at this location. Everyone is always pleasant and helpful, bordering on Stepford Wives nice, haha! The worst thing that's happened? A pushy Sales Associate aggressively trying to push a Bombshell, "ADD TWO CUP SIZES!" bra on me and a couple other busty-looking customers. Umm . . . one, false advertising, two, NO THANK YOU! Also, I wish they sold their swimwear line here. Always fun playing "size roulette" when ordering online. Things I love: 1) Complimentary fittings2) AWESOME Semi-Annual Sale in January and July3) 5/$26 Cotton Lingerie . . . Sometimes 7/$26 . . . PANTY RAID!4) 3/$33 most other styles (Angels, Incredible, Very Sexy, The Lacie, etc.) 5) Merchandise stands the test of time. Hasn't fallen apart in the wash . . . yet. My last trip here, they were out of my size in a basic color of an Angels Bra. The Sales Associate whips out an iPad, and has it shipped to my house . . . paid nothing for shipping! I will continue shopping at this location - Can't wait to see the remodeled store!
4	Best bras ever! Love all of their stuff. Not too much of a fan as far as their scents and makeup are concerned, but their underwear and bras are awesome!
5	I love this Victoria's Secret location. I have issues with the brand, because they are somewhat limited on bra sizes, but my review today is based on the customer service and organization at this particular VS. I am a frequent shopper at VS, and I have never once had a bad experience here. The ladies at the fitting room are great and are not only helpful, but they socialize with the customers and help them feel at ease. I've been in there so often that several employees recognize me and ask how things have been! This store is more organized than other locations- all the undies, bras, and clothes are folded or hanging nicely, instead of in a pile of mixed sizes like I've seen at other stores. Love this store and love the customer service!
3	Love VS, this store is nice; albeit crowded. The only thing I dislike is the size limits. Most VS's have to order things online for me.
4	Lines are always long here and they never seem to have enough cashiers. I do love that they are willing to take multiple coupons in the same transaction.
4	This location has a very good customer service. I like the Pink World and Service the Staff gives. I usually don't like much of VS things. I used to buy Nori Perfume by Victoria secret or I like Bath Wash or Ug's . Rest their mists are good but doesnt last for long. The one that i like was Vanilla and pre seduction. At times they have good deals when you register your email with them. You get to avail Free offers  with no purchase necessary. Which is like just by signing up your email with them. However you have to do some purchase before availing that.
4	Great customer service and friendly employees.
1	All around horrible. The store is absolutely gorgeous but the entire staff is snobby and rude.
