5	Hello friends,This is the 4th location and they are going to do well here on the edge of Nations Ford RD and I-77. In the old New England Seafood building.I really just came in to check the place out. A friend of mine ordered i think baked chicken and two sides, and they were good. I will have to go back to get some fried fish.In the inside nothing has changed from the old to the new. People had to park in the gas station parking lot because the parking lot was like an ant hill (busy). Glad they are here, its one of the few locally owned franchises that had been around maybe close to 15 years or so. Go try it out!!!TTFN
1	Skip it!  Craving good soul food, we were directed to Floyd's.  Should have gone elsewhere.  The line was long and slow and the staff couldn't have been more miserable or uncaring.Asked for cole slaw, "we're out".  Fried squash "nope".  Mashed?  "OUT".  "We have this.", as she points to the mush in the cage.  Got the fried dark chicken, juicy but mildly flavored and thin coating of batter.  The beef ribs were hit and miss.  One was good, two were tough and they were swimming in Sweet Baby Ray's sauce.The sides were bad to okay.  Collard greens were very soupy and wet, but decent.  The dressing was mushy with a kick of heat at the end.  The Mac and cheese was overcooked and a pile of gloppy glue with no cheese flavor.  The best were the yams which were sweet with that nice orange flavor.The place is a dive inside with barely running and freezing water in the bathroom.  Such a disappointment.
4	This isn't a the most spic-span place in the world, but should have more reviews. Chicken (baked or fried) are among the best you'll find at a soul food spot. Takes credit cards, to-go orders are probably your best bet!
4	My place to go for some good soul food. Always enjoy the food. Meatloaf and Mac and cheese are my go to plates for good eaten
2	The lines was long and very slow. Your not greatest at all when you walk in. Employee were drinking and eating while handling the cook product for the customers. Wasn't very impressed with my food. I had the Mac n Cheese.  Which was room temp. My meatloaf looked like the dog food I give my cocker spaniel. Was very red looking on the inside. My collard greens were ok. I must say I did eat those.  The lady ahead of me asked for a cup for water the cashier charged her 1.85 for tap water. That was crazy to me....only reason they got two stars is because the sweet tea was really good.....
